(See the end of the chapter for
The one where Steve's a bully (but not too much) and Tasha knows better
“Who’s that?” Clint asks, they were out for a mission for the last few months so is not a surprise they aren’t updated
“Only serious things” she answers with a smile and the tip of her tongue showing
The fight starts, Clint shoots arrow after arrow and Tasha and Rhodey shoot until they are out of ammo, more AIM fighters come from the inside of the ship
“And you’ve been doing what exactly?” he jabs
“It’s too late! It can’t stop now. He wants to show us something! A new universe.” Selvig looks mad, probably a combination of Loki’s mental control and the usual scientific frenzy
“Alright old and hot stuff, let's see what else we can do to help” Steve feels happy and lightheaded at the 'hot' implication
“What?” both ask irritated at the same time
“No bomb parts found in a three-mile radius of the Chinese Theatre?” she looks every part of the scene
“Stark please don’t say anything further” Hansen whispers as she turns around
“No!” she shouts “You need to get Maya, take her out of here, I’m gonna find a way around” Steve makes a negative movement with his head “Stop stopping, you know the rules spangles, Civilian's lives take priority, go, get her out” Rogers looks like he still wants to do the jump “GO!” Tasha yells, making the Captain’s mindset to make the choice and save the scientist. Rogers goes to get Maya Hansen and tosses his shield through the crystal door breaking it, but he doesn't know how the suit works so, without meaning it, he repulses themselves across the frame and crashes a few meters from the entrance.
“Not even toothpaste?” she returns smirking and the doctor finds himself laughing, the action is contagious and Steve smiles as well “You know, you should come to STARK Tower sometime, top ten floors, all R&D, you’d love it, it’s candy land” she eats a blueberry from a little bag “I don’t really have someone to play with anymore who is nearly as fun as you” she tilts her head and lets a bit of her puppy eyes to show, she really wants Bruce to spent time in her labs, the research and discoverments they could make, and when they get Selvig back it'll be more fun
) think if they knew Captain America was jealous?
“Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won’t re-engage without a jump, I'm gonna have to get in there and push” Steve heart stops for a second
“To New York" the soldier looks around him as Clint starts the jet "Isn’t Tasha coming with us?” Steve asks in a tiny hopeful voice, earning a weird look from the archer
“A Hulk” at that moment an arrow pierce the chest of one of the guards and the others start shooting to where the weapon came from, a roar is heard afterward, and the Hulk starts smashing, a bunch of soldiers starts glowing and at least two or three attacks him.
“I can’t do that, his 40’s mind would shortcut” she makes a booming movement with her hands to make her point and Rhodey just
“You are going to be alright” she makes a pause and then asks “How did you get him out?”
“As you wish kid”
Well I walked up to her and I asked her if she wanted to dance
“Power at 400% capacity” JARVIS informs her
“It’s not a bad idea, he can make sure you keep your sleep and eat scheadules” Bruce innocently adds
“How do you even know that? No, you know what? Let me tell you something, Do you know what happened when you tell people that you are a bodyguard of the same person Iron Man bodyguards? They laugh in my face” Tasha chuckles “I had to leave while I still had a shred of dignity”
“That sounds like fun, what kind of bet?” Clint asks, a rider exploding at his right
“We are five miles outside of Rose Hill, Tennessee” her AI informs her
“See.. that’s you being helpful” Harley points the direction she needs to go “So.. wait for me here” she says him and walks to a bar in the middle town she crashes with an elegant lady and stops to give her wallet, she was a little odd but hey, Tasha Stark ain’t judging. As she enters she can feel the christmasy atmosphere, she looks around until she sees an older woman who doesn’t looks like in a merry spirit “Mrs. Davis?” Tasha asks getting closer, the woman looks up to her with a tired expression “May I join you?”
Don't walk away, don't walk away, ooh when the world is burning
“1200 CCs, a dose half of this size, I’m dead” Killian turns to Tasha slightly
“Are you sure about this?” Steve sounds uncertain
“Well you are a genius little kid, and I was just like you, too quirk for this world and too little to defend myself” she goes to her armor and opens a slot “I got just the thing you need” she takes a golden tube and shows him “This is a pinata for a cricket... Nah I’m kidding, this is a very powerful weapon, point it away from your face, press the button on top, it discourages bullying, non-lethal, just to cover one’s ass, deal?” she does the show of putting out of reach and giving him again till the kid catches it like a cat catching its toy
“Probably” she wheezes
In which Tasha finds help in the most unexpected way
“I’ll have to try to hack her server, it would be easier if JARVIS was online” Coulson replies “But it will take a while”
“Come on people” she urges
“I don’t know Captain, I don’t trust her, she looks shady, I would like to keep her to question her, at least until her records are updated”
also, this is heavily dialogued because Avengers movie
“And all I packed was a toothbrush” Banner smiles looking at her
“This ain’t your fight Stark, and it’s far too dangerous... what did Loki do to you that you want to stop him so badly?” Clint looks deep into her eyes and she has to avert them after a while
Soon Tasha arrives at a mansion full of security, she quickly creates a plan, runs, jumps the wall and then she is in. She creeps quietly behind the stairs to hit a man in his neck, making him fall on his face, she then takes a little hand-made gun and shoots to a man on his side so she can knock him, the man that comes to her is tased by her own invention, she throws a christmas-bomb to two guards and shoot the one standing, she gets to enter the house that looks just as trashed as one of her home vacation in a party when she was 16, full of drunk women, bottles and more than two types of posible drugs laying around, not much like the typical terrorist hide-out, she comes close to a guard that’s talking to one of the girls and electrocutes him with her glove, she takes the gun in the table, the girl on the couch is so high or drunk that she only makes a mimic gunshot as Tasha makes a quiet motion, she enters a room with a lot of monitors and cameras, at the end of the room there’s a bed with two surprised girls on it, they hear a toilet flushing and Tasha hides behind a wall, a man’s voice with english accent rings in the room
“JARVIS! Put everything we got into the thrusters!”
Steve can do little as Tasha arranges herself on top of the walking furnace called Super-Soldier, he sighs and drops an arm around her, well if he is going to be used as a pillow he is going to take full advantage of that and hug the little genius until her nightmares are gone
"I told you before birdbrain!, I want to remodel the Tower and give it to you guys!" the young millionaire grins at the remaining Avengers "Just in case you need a place to live" she adds shyly
“It’s Anthony Stark, it’s Howard’s SON!”
“Are you Mr. Anthony Stark?”
“I find I quite like them already,” said Steve, smiling wide and gave Tony’s hand a squeeze. Tony looked back, still wondering at being looked like this.
“What, you two planning to adopt?” said Natasha’s wry voice from behind them. “That’s cute.”
“Where are you going?” asked Steve at once, feeling rather alarmed.
“Sorry?” asked Bucky, having just returned from the back, but Steve understood.
Rogers stared: he seemed unable to know what to make of Tony.
Tony trailed off and stared off into nothingness past the sunlit windows. And although Steve saw it, the mad idea that lit Tony’s eyes, he was too late in opening his mouth to stop his husband from saying the next four words:
Indeed, as they observed the room, they caught a distant cousin caress the Windsor chair she was sat on with a ravenous look, as though she was contemplating how they’d look in the parlour of her Georgian house.
“That report was from Texas,” Tony pointed out after a moment. “A bit outside your jurisdiction.”
Strucker sneered unpleasantly as he looked from Steve to Bucky.
Steve swiveled round. Now that the big fire had fed itself to its end, he, too, was able to distinguish a subtler, pinkish glow at the distant boundary of the town, burning brighter than the gaslights. Another fire, near…
did you do on the night of the fire,” asked Tony, his face tight and voice controlled.
“It’s too big,” Tony hoarsely, with half a glance at his ring. “Turns out being held captive is stressful.”
“Nobody’s dead,” said Steve, stopping by his desk and eyeing the unfinished paperwork there.
Steve reminded himself.
“Tell you what, I’m not going to leave bodies lying around, human or otherwise,” Steve said, then addressed Sam, “Take the man inside and then come back. We’re gonna need all of us to move her.”
“I go where she goes,” said Clint’s surprisingly serious voice.
Half across the square, the two men of startlingly different size were caught in a standstill: Stane was too wary of Tony to fire and kept his distance, while Tony had taken the role of the intimidator; their steps bringing them further away from the theater, and nearer the construction site of a Victorian high Gothic church at the opposing side of the square.
,” Tony asked. "‘Cause usually, about now, you would be lecturing me about situational appropriateness and tact?”
“Until he died, sir. In 1858.”
“Can I offer you anything,” asked Steve, who could empathize with what Jarvis must have been feeling right then.
“So, it’s been twenty-one years,” Bucky did the math, and did not sound happy about the sum.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, like those hikes they talk about in the paper?”
“The drinks, yes, but not the bottles they come from.”
“What are you saying?”
Steve eyed him suspiciously, refusing to sit as Tony rubbed at his shirt front to remove the oil.
Steve, who knew his last chance had just been used, pulled back his arm and flung the scalding-hot instrument; it sailed through air, straight, no spin and all too fast, not allowing Steve the luxury to second guess before it reached ground.
“Well, put it on.” Tony’s hands were suddenly warm upon Steve’s. “Gotta claim my man—there’s no doubt been lots of interest back home.”
As though from a distance, he heard Bruce light a fire under his kettle to make tea for himself—said he liked it to calm his nerves. Steve wasn’t very flattered thinking that dealing with him required numbing substances.
“A telephone call for Inspector Rogers, sir,” said Jarvis.
“We—” Steve begun, without knowing what he was going to say, but it did not matter: Tony strutted forward, one hand in a pocket, one gesturing airily as he spoke.
Steve turned over the second page of the report, saw how much longer it went on, and gave it up as a bad job. Stretching his arms above his head and popping his back, he looked around the room for a distraction. It was deserted; even the three cells lined along the corridor on the room out back were empty, and the front door was shut against the late November chill. Suppressing a shiver, Steve let down his arms. It was then, as his forearms came to rest on the desk again, that he came face to face with Tony.
His thoughts, too, were hurtling through space;
“I was hoping for something more original,” said Bucky, who suddenly got a dreamy look in his eyes. “Remember the year nine people dressed as
“Yes,” said Toomes shortly. “You can ask me wife.”
“Steve,” said a voice. “
“Don’t play with me,” said the second voice loudly, echoing down to their cover. “If the machine is not ready by midnight, if this is another game, you will find yourself explaining why to the business end of a less …
“What do you mean ‘not happy’?” asked Steve, sounding wretched. “What is this?”
“Later today,” Bruce grunted as he staggered to his feet, still offering instructions with a clinical tone, “disinfect it well with vinegar and paint it over with butter or powder it with flour. Repeat every night until it starts to itch.”
“Well, let me show you mine. I think you’ll like this, Anthony … oh, their faces when they saw it. My Sistine chapel, my Mona Lisa. Here, see? Take a good look!” he said, neck bent far to observe the fresco above. His glassed winked in the chandelier’s light when he turned to Tony expectantly. “What do you think?”
“Indeed, but he coveted it, very eagerly so. And whatever he wanted, he made sure he got. Among other things, he showed a disturbing interest towards young master.”
Tony did not let this fact trouble him; he waited for the unmistakable sound of an engine coming to life that indicated Roger’s departure, and once he heard it, started a brisk walk to the house, calling behind him, “No need to keep the food warm for me. Daddy’s got a party to crash.”
Burying his face in one hand, Steve turned the frame around with the other. The backside read in unfamiliar penmanship:
“Blind Al’s a paranoiac,” Sam comforted after the silence became too awkward for him to bear. “You do know why they call her that, right? It’s nothing, Steve.”
Steve glanced back at the forge. The fire had spread into all rooms; flames licking behind the two windows at the side caused the building to look alive and menacing, like a beast with glowing eyes. As he considered the flames, he saw Bucky silhouetted against the blaze. His shoulders were slumped in defeat.
Tony, now on the stool, tugged it off the wall. It was heavier than it looked. His arms strained and below his rolled-up sleeves he saw a muscle bulge.
“Vividly,” Sam replied.
Steve felt breathless. “Hi.”
“Have you heard anything of miners lurking about?” he asked after a moment of not touching the drink.
“It’s not pretty.”
He kept his eyes on Steve’s but Steve saw what had prompted this sudden remark; Steve’s ring still adorned the finger on his left hand which was supporting his propped leg. He hid his hand as if to escape the subject this way.
on you since the war, Rogers. S.H.I.E.L.D. keeps track of remarkable, talented individuals, who, eventually, will help us in preventing what used to be unpreventable.”
“Sorry,” said Rogers’s sheepish voice from above him. “There was a car. Is — did I hurt you?”
“It’s fine,” said Steve, his voice quite calm even though he felt hollow.
“Stane isn’t the only killer around here, Steve,” Tony said, gazing up at him impassively.
“No less naïve than trusting a stranger and a suspect, whom I have not treated considerately, I guess.”
“They’re just pulling your leg,” Steve offered at his imploring look, but couldn’t help adding, as he brushed past him to get his portion of beans: “It was dinner plate-sized.”
“I had to ask,” sighed Steve, who pushed his hair off his eyes and, when the limping man hurled himself onto the steps, Steve came across with a right cross that tagged him in the jaw.
They were getting near it now, Steve thought, the reason at the bottom of all this.
“I think we’re done here today. Sorry if we’ve reminded you of things you’d rather forget,” he said, drawing back his seat and rising to his feet. “You must be tired. We’ve put you up at the saloon.”
And for a brief moment, Steve allowed himself the impossible hope that Tony would stay and talk. However, once Steve couldn’t delay taking the coat any longer, he saw Tony’s awkward gesturing that signified this was the end of the conversation.
“You’ve at least taken a good look of the unfinished blueprints?” asked Obie, poorly hiding his keenness.
“What are you trying to get me out of the way for?” he asked sharply, turning to look at Rogers again. “You got plans?”
Jarvis sprang in, dressing gown crookedly knotted, and for one instant stopped dead, staring at the figures in the room — and then he cried out a reflexive, “Are you alright, sir?”
the carriage.”
Tony listened closely to the silence around him. Was he half expecting to hear the creak of a window, or the drag of a body on tiled floor? And then he jumped slightly as the door to the cellar opened.
Steve looked at her in surprise. “Then why did you pour me one?”
“You shouldn’t worry,” Steve comforted. “It’s only human.”
“I—I had no reason to look,” she said, sounding perplexed. “Didn’t you say there was a window involved or has the story changed already?
“Everhart, sir. Christine Everhart.”
This time they had not been taken for granted—the men Stane had set after them knew what to expect, had been warned; in the following close-range shootout, though, the most any of them succeeded were several wild potshots that only served to empty their revolvers.
“You chose to
In the bedroom, all was well—until he opened the wardrobe and noticed what he in his hurry had missed: half its contents were gone.
“All right,” said Coulson, “the accused being present, we can begin. Disciplinary hearing of the seventh of November…”
Steve crossed his arms. Tony’s eyes darted to his biceps, and Steve noted with satisfaction that the kiss had not
Steve had visited the office once when it had been inhabited by its previous occupant. In Mayor Philips’ days, the walls had been covered with thick, gilded-framed portraits of former mayors, frilled brocade curtains, and on the wall behind an enormous desk, had been a painting of his son. Now, however, the office was bare of any personal touches, and trying to build a character from this space that was more stripped than a monk’s cell, was akin to trying to catch smoke with bare hands.
Something wet and cool trickled down Sam’s forehead. He wiped it off with his sleeve and stepped over the legs of the thief—tracing back the steps of his past chase—but he had barely taken half a dozen steps when a gun fired around the corner and Sam broke into a run, blood curdling.
“Last week,” Tony said, upfront.
“Make me,” Tiberius said and blew smoke in Tony’s face.
“Anything new on the investigation?”
“Truce,” he said, steadily.
Tony looked visibly glad Steve had broken the silence.
“Tony, no,” she protested, causing him to twirl swiftly around. He pointed at her from atop the stool.
“Isn’t that Tony’s forge—?” Bucky didn’t get to finish. Steve was already running, deaf to Bucky’s cries of, “Steve, wait—God damn it!”
He shouldered his way inside and burned his hand on the padlock but continued forward with single-minded focus.
“It’s because you’re scaring me,” Steve said; the truth felt raw. “I know where the story ends if you don’t stop.”
“Well,” he said, “while I liked the analogy of this … iron man to the heroes of medieval Europe, strictly speaking it was simply highly pressurized steam from a hydro-pneumatic, er …” He caught Coulson’s eye and the glazed looks of his audience. “What I meant to say was that the rumors are highly exaggerated. A fairytale-like creature appearing just in the nick of time to save the world is hardly what actually went down. You see, what really happened—what really took place is that…”
you had to brush off of your carpet.”
“Jarvis must’ve stumbled across one of dad’s, uh, unrefined prototypes,” said Tony. “Sometimes even us geniuses have to scrap an idea—”
Here, the tingle of a bell welcomed him in.
They sniggered.
Tony blinked.
“You agree, though, that the way he left things is less than ideal,” he mumbled.
Never once, in the three years they had been married, had Steve asked where the scars had come from. Why? Had he deep down known it would go unanswered, unconsciously keeping the walls of his badly-put-together marriage up before they came crumbling down on their own in the worst way possible? And why did this lie in particular hurt so much? Steve stared ahead of him without seeing what was going around him and did not notice Sam had gotten up to fetch more water before he set a glass on both Bucky and his hands.
“Okay, hit me,” he prompted.
“Copy that,” Sam said and made his leave.
“…rigor and cadaveric stiffening,” Tony finished for him.
“Was he here on that night?” Steve asked.
“You aren’t the only one,” Steve told her, walking to the windows at the left, mind swimming with the implications ‘will not recur’ held.
“Huh,” Tony hummed in genuine surprise. “See, he is people.”
He felt vulnerable and besieged; how had somebody not only gotten themselves in, but brought a dead body with them, without awakening any of the not so insignificant staff? If only he had a way of photographing the room, to survey it even when no one was in, to prove his innocence; he could practically feel his brain whirr with this conception. There was a long and pregnant silence in which Tony could only hear his harsh breaths and feel the tremble of his hands by his sides, and which was broken at last by the hurried footsteps and wheezing coming from behind the corner.
“Ever used one of those?” Sam asked Steve, looking ill.
“Lang,” Steve greeted, and nodded towards the other rider, “Ms. Pym.”
“There’s less when it’s foggy,” said Natasha.
“To be or not to be,” he murmured.
you, Tony.”
“You planning on working today? On our date night?”
“Why would there be?” Steve asked her.
A muscle by Tony’s nose twitched involuntarily.
“Yes, I did.”
A man rose from within the witnesses for defense and ran out. Seconds later, the courtroom doors swung open and the accused took his seat before Steve, smelling strongly of something very bitter.
Tony gestured toward a sofa group, which Rogers paid no heed to; instead, he walked about the room, inspecting the thirty-foot long and ceiling-high bookshelves in interest, as though the gilded-lettered spines might reveal to him a sensible explanation of the night’s events.
he said accusingly, “have a crush.”
Dummy changed position, then; she rose, walked three steps and laid back down with a thump, her head resting on one outstretched paw.
Tony let himself be pulled into a crushing one-armed hug. He felt some of his ever-present tension leak, breathing Rhodey in.
In the corner of his vision, one worn shoe turned ninety degrees, a pivot that proclaimed Roger’s departure.
Footsteps pounded down to them from the still swinging door, and Steve fought to focus his gaze on Bucky’s exited, glowing face.
Rogers took it.
“Yes, I do,” Steve said, plan set.
Nothing but the shock of hearing that voice could have had Tony springing to the screen-windowed door. Heartbeat erratic, he gripped the framework. There on the other side stood Inspector Rogers, plainly dressed but soaking wet; the shoulders of his overcoat had turned a muddy brown. His hair looked mussed as if it had been recently tugged at.
Steve looked at him gravely.
“Us Pyms can trace our wealth and lineage to Dutch aristocracy of the eighteenth century,” the first voice said, seemingly echoing around the gilded trims and details. “Not to mention your mother—a van Dyne!”
“Wasn’t that Hodge?” Sam asked, puzzled. “What’s he been up to now.”
“The worst things in the world have been done on good intentions,” Steve said, starting to really get irritated with every attempt at shifting the blame off him, and onto Tony.
Steve felt the signs of genuine smile tug at his lips. Tony stared at him.
“Afraid not,” said Rogers simply. “It’s evidence. Those have so far been conclusive to the point of fabrication.”
“To hell with waiting,” growled Clint, leaning towards them over the thin armrest. “I say we take it from here by foot if we have to.”
Stane started to retreat backwards, hand placed meaningfully upon the bomb, but Steve hardly noticed. He had just realized something; he could not believe his eyes. He had thought the jewelry a fashion statement before—but he had been wrong. There was a reason for the gold chain—the ring dangling from it.
The bedsprings let out a wailing creak. Tony had launched off the bed, and Steve felt himself tugged toward him; Tony smelled of the state-sanctioned soap they wash everything with here. Steve had to lock his free arm around Tony’s shoulders to brace him and, feeling stunned by his good fortune in having things turn out like this. He curled his fingers into the curls at the nape of Tony’s neck.
“Buck, get hammer and nails,” Steve said, even as his heart plummeted. The vision he had been promising himself—solitude, comfort, the warm body of his husband and a house void of sand—disappeared, spiraled into the late afternoon sky.
“Of course not, Tony,” he replied, not raising his gaze. “I wasn’t … hold on.” Steve had just seen Tony back away from him from the corner of his vision. “Can we … wait, don’t go. Tony? We’re just worried about you.”
“… let’s leave this roomful of, uh, loving long-lost relatives,” continued Obie derisively with an ugly look cast at the room at large. “They’ll be fighting tooth and nail to have the codicil contested as soon as we leave. Shall we let them have their amusement?”
This was spoken smoothly, but there was something behind the words.
“Yes, yes, it is,” said Stern, now with palpable silkiness in his tone. “I have my fingers crossed for Wilful Murder, and if the Coroner’s country jury does not wish to take that responsibility, I will personally see to taking the matter higher.”
The walls of the room had all been covered in crimson hangings, and the rows of benches had vanished; instead, they lay pushed against the walls and provided seats for the hundred-odd masquerade guests, men, women, and children, who currently mingled at the center of the room.
Toomes, starting to twist his wool cap in his mouldy hands, said, “The — trimming the chestnut, sir. The east-facing branches almost reach the mausoleum roof. Terrible racket during the windy days.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, you found me, Gary Cooper.”
“See what?”
Breaking into a sprint, Steve quickly checked his trusted gun’s chambers—five expended cartridges, one live round—and he leaped over the tracks, meeting no other people on the way; but surely they had heard … let the police come to witness this, Steve thought … anyone … anything…
Upon these words, two more men, bruised and limping, dragged themselves out of the valley and into the square.
“It’s a pleasure,” said Tony.
The voices became louder, but the echoing halls made their speech impossible to follow. Steve counted that the three owners of the footsteps were just about level with them now, and tucked his hand closer to his chest in preparation, and—the footsteps, miraculously, unbelievably, passed their covert, with very familiar gaits…
“I’m sorry,” he said.
“Anything to help,” Steve said as he sidestepped the swishing tail of the horse. “Sorry again, for the heifer.”
“You’re under stress, Tony. I get it, and I forgive you. That’s what friends are for,” said Rhodey in a tone that implied he was attempting to inject a note of common sense into the proceedings. “I’m surprised, though … I rather thought there’d be more of them.”
“Sorry, ma’am,” Steve apologized as he pushed past her desk, his steps taking him to the polished dark door, on the other side of which, he could hear voices talking. His fist hovered inches from the door, hesitant.
He recognized one as a kind of coded sheet, another as belonging to a Polish patent license. The third was crumbled and in Howard’s own writing; he smoothed it out.
Moving eastward, Steve caught a shimmer of snowy headstones glittering in the sun out in the desert. This was, he reflected upon seeing the graveyard, the third time something odd had happened with the miners. Last time the law had been involved, there had been a body drifting downstream from the silver claims up in the slopes of the Rockies. Pockets empty, just enough clothes on them to preserve what little dignity could be achieved in death, he was never identified, nor asked after. The man was buried without fanfare in that plot a mile off town, where Steve had seen it done. If they were capable of murder, would it be too far-fetched to suspect them of a different crime: an arson?
But Steve was not interested in
remember him handing it over years ago.”
Pepper, voice gaining a steadily shriller edge, said, “I’m not worrying—”
“I shouldn’t have,” said Rogers quickly.
“Do I need to make that an order?” said Rogers in a tone Tony would not use even on Dummy.
He stopped, careful not to say what he really thought about. Fury set his fisted hands on the desk and leaned over to Steve.
Tony, regaining his balance from the recoil, shook his hand stiffly with a grimace and turned to them.
“Careful, Steve,” Tony said, grinning. “It almost sounds like you’re apologizing. In which case, I’ll have to electrocute myself to make sure I’m not dreaming. No?” he added, catching Steve’s eye. “Too early?”
The dim memory of the dark room came to him … there had been embers in the heart … big shutters, wide open … and the banging window … unlatched. Tony felt as though ice had flooded his chest at the thought…
Next to Steve, Tony jolted to a stop.
“Don’t contradict me. I’m an orphan.”
bite the hand that fed him, and you
Steve made a noise of dissent through his nose.
Thor, who had just come from the backroom bringing a scent of a warm meal with him, paused on his way to greet Steve.
Silence fell between the two of them as they looked up at the house. There was no sign of movement; the windows stared back, gleaming in the reflected daylight.
Steve bowed his head, abashed.
The hand left his shoulder.
Steve stood up rather suddenly.
“Steve?” Sam called from around the corner. “What’s going on? I have a bad feeling about this…”
As soon as the cool metal touched his palm, the room broke into disarray: there were cacophonous cries of discontent and, amidst it all, somebody was laughing rather maniacally; Tony, staring at the key, felt a raising sense of unreality crash upon him. Howard had written that? Tony was still fighting off the mad urge to grab the codicil and see for himself when a chair next to him creaked, and a large hand came to rest, heavily, on his shoulder.
“Murder is complicated.”
“No need to raise your voice,” said Tony who did not bother to correct her false assumption of his hyper, sleep-deprived state. “I not only hear you, I can see both of you.”
Clint’s whistle followed them to the streets, but Tony did not set course to their home. Instead he walked towards the forge.
“Does Obadiah Stane ever go there? I believe he was a friend of the family?”
Fury took out his cigarette fixings. As Steve observed him trying to roll, Fury muttered a curse when the dry makings were almost swept off by the risen wind.
Tony flailed his hands in exasperation. “Take them. Take all of them for all I care.”
“Just about.”
The library had filled gradually around them over the half hour. Jarvis kept showing in people. Tony sunk deeper into his chair upon each arrival, pushing his sunglasses higher and higher until they pressed painfully against the bridge of his nose.
“You have given this a great deal of thought,” remarked Steve, brows raised.
“Keep talking and I can go twenty,” Tony said irritably.
“It’s a prototype,” Tony brushed off.
“When you get out, you little shit, it’ll be to the arms of the Constables.
“I did, in fact, since I’m not considered one of the smartest men of my generation for nothing,” Tony said stiffly. “Perhaps you should even consider the chance I understood more than you did. Mr. Toomes is, like Jarvis, part of the old stock. Imagine hearing the future of your job now lies on the hands of the black sheep — exaggerated hearsay, of course — and you have a wife and a kid and everything to lose, should you find yourself without a source of income.”
Fury said, half irritably, half proudly, “Two. The bridge delayed the mail, I only got the news a fortnight ago. Still with me?”
A snow shed had failed and released its fresh, snowy burden above a summit tunnel that had collapsed under the weight, and their only way through the mountain range was now buried under a several dozen feet of snow.
“Fetching,” Tony said. “Should have buried you with that.”
Tony stooped, pretending he had not seen, and picked up a dead chestnut leaf from next to his dew-sodden shoes as Rhodey carefully laid down the flower as though to underline the letters, now joining the vase of half-dried roses atop the tomb.
“Hey,” shouted Sam’s voice. “Way to go, cowboy!”
Something was slammed against a desk.
Tony was a good liar, but a rehearsed one. Eventually, if one paid attention, they were able to follow the patterns of it. Like how Tony’s eyes flicked past him and then back. If they held secrets, they were buried deep within. But there was also wariness in him, as if he was waiting or watching for something. It was the look he had had ever since June, when their marriage had suddenly, unalterably, started to careen towards the metaphorical rocks. Perhaps it was only the awareness of their uncharted future.
“All right, get your backs up against that wall,” said Pierce, indicating with his barrel which wall he meant. “Keep your mouths shut and do what I tell you. Anybody that moves, gets a bullet. There’s no grey area. Anything weird, you’re dead.”
Jarvis closed his eyes as though he could not bear to voice his thoughts.
at the back of a carriage on its way to a warzone.
The stage was not the only thing moving. A black-clad figure emerged from the large building on the opposite of the Mail Office—the townhall. And the swishing, long jacket was unmistakable.
He was not anyone’s Steve.
Tony pouted.
“Oh, I see,” she said. “But what do I know? I have too much time in my hands, that’s all. Way too much. And a migraine. That can really do a woman’s head in.”
“You mean he’s—?”
Scott looked from the station building to the tracks disappearing into the horizon. Then he lifted a stubborn jaw at Steve.
have you sober for today’s appointment, shall we?” said Obie sharply, eyes flashing, and his hand closed upon Tony’s wrist, preventing him from bringing the liquid to his lips.
If you liked my writing style, you're welcome to keep tabs on my next possible stories that are as follows:
Tony hummed, swaying on the balls of his feet.
Steve glanced at the lone, barred window. The daylight streaming in was starting to dim; dinner time must have ended—and as if to prove a point, Bucky’s stomach growled loudly. They quieted.
“What?” Steve asked, genuinely puzzled.
He spat onto the table in front of Steve.
“Was he rich? Did Howard Stark know his family? Anybody or anything suspicious about his history.”
Steve pretended not to hear him.
“I want to see them.”
“Good afternoon,” said a voice from behind him in the shadows of the porch.
, did you say? — yes? — yes, if you please — quite, yes, I feel much better already.”
“Take it. Just take it,” Tony said sharply. “Unless you’ve changed your mind about letting me take a look at your gun. I may even have something better in stock.”
Separated by a spot they had left for Natasha, Steve observed Tony surreptitiously whenever someone leaned over for another serving of pie. He was often quiet for a spell, then would laugh at a joke. Once, at a time like this, he met Steve’s eyes and lifted his brows upward; Steve watched him until he was lost to sight by Thor’s massive form and gazed into space until food arrived.
“The mayor.”
Steve realized what he was looking for at the exact same time a voice that had Steve’s heart leaping into his throat rang out.
“I got a week’s leave,” said Rhodey, chest vibrating. “I couldn’t leave you by yourself, Tones. I’m sorry I missed the … last weeks.”
Hello again,
“Did any of you see a miner?”
“Ma’am,” he greeted Ms. Hill who was recording figures near the door and walked by her to open further the door to surreptitiously glance inside.
“Okay, Tony.”
This brought a momentary stiffness in its train. His friend, well into his drink and eyeing Tony beadily, broke the rather awkward silence by saying with slight effort, “Just as I told the police, never trust a foreigner! A matter of time before he went off his rocket, innit?”
“It’s confirmed.”
Steve’s insides clenched like a fist. He could not tell Jarvis the truth. He pretended to dust off invisible dirt off his pants to avoid answering.
Steve hadn’t realized his guilt went so deep that he had thought Steve, too, would hold the misuse of his creations against him. Steve thought of young Tony—orphan, eager to please—being taken advantage of by someone he considered a parental figure, and Steve had to fight to keep his anger at bay, lest Tony misunderstood.
The weather grew colder and colder. One day the snowy cap of the mountain range, which had descended lower and lower down the mountainside, had reached the town in what seemed like overnight. Harsh wind and sleet pounded their homes and had, evidently, frozen even the criminal activity.
But—several spaces nearer, the space between them kept closing all the time—Stane’s impatience to fire reached limit. This drove Tony to shoot the weapon off Stane’s hands; it hit the scaffolding and then, without warning, a beam dropped from next to the turret. From there, it rebounded wildly without losing speed going down—upon the approaching men.
Steve could not understand why Sam looked so shocked. It was so obvious, so clear to Steve: he knew that the evidence was not enough for a warrant, but the idea of Stane’s involvement, of having kidnapped Tony, was the first thing that finally made sense in months.
Below him came the noise of the large, wooden shutters in the drawing room being opened at last. No one had touched the room since Tony had left it to the care of Jarvis, who he could still hear talking to the Constable guarding the door of the room.
“You are welcome” he says in a condescending tone as he exits the car
“Oh, you know princess, the usual, a little knock and talk, making friends in Pakistan... now you don’t get to complain because if I remember correctly, is YOU who changed me for the star and stripes kind of knight”
“No... we could use a little worse” she rephrases
“Operating system” they finish together
“Hey, do you fancy either of the birds?”
I love you all guys, please stay safe and have a nice day/night
“Should I be jealous?” she leers making him blush a deep shade of red
“Well, I think that was meant for you, even if Barton didn’t tell Loki about it, it still was all over the news”
“So... you are the other person that was excited to meet me?” Tasha stops laughing and blushes deeply, Steve can’t stop himself from falling a little bit from that adorable vision
“I’m talking about a hypothetical situation here”
Steve jumps another rail and almost falls, he really lost a lot of blood, but to him, that’s not important, an armor gets close to the genius and she tries to reach it but a soldier interferes and drags it down and out of her reach
“That was kind of the plan” Loki chuckles
“He was doing his job Tash” Cap tries to reason with her
“I’ll see you up there then!” the man yells but she doesn’t hear him, she has a hotter date after all
“I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed” he looks at the Black Widow and confronts her "Did you know about this?
Steve finds her in the containment room. She is standing there, seeing the bloody pattern, not saying a word, she suddenly looks older than before, older than even her age. But that’s just an image, her youth is still there, hidded by worry and grief. The soldier doesn’t know what to say to her, he wants to comfort her at least, she seemed pretty shaken up by the whole deal earlier, and even if according to doctors, Coulson has good chances of walking by his own feet, he knows the risks are still there, so he doesn't want to say anything that could lead to misperceptions and a false sense of security.
“Well, if he could do that he could achieve Heavy Ion Fusion at any reactor on the planet” Tasha looks about a second to go to jump and squeal like a little girl, and, if agent Romanov’s smirk is any indication, she is being pretty damn obvious
“The barrier is pure energy. It’s unbreachable” JARVIS explains a second later
yeah... I'm probably not good at cliff-hangers but they are soo fun
“Stark” she greets “So what’s the plan?”
“Yeah, yeah, we are full” the guy, Aldrich, steps on it by dodging Happy who is taking his role of bodyguard very seriously “Oh hey, he made it, he made the cut” Stark says mildly amuse, Happy doesn’t look charmed by that though
Hours later, she and Bruce are working on deciphering the workings of the scepter while waiting for their program to find the Tesseract when Fury storms inside the lab
"You can save yourself from a 200 feet fall, but you need help to escape a group of investors?" he teases, she subtly sticks her tongue out, prompting a smirk from the soldier
“You know? We all begin wide-eyed, pure science... but then, the ego steps in, the obsession, then you look up and you realize... you are a long way from shore” Maya sadly whispers, after explaining what she did, Steve takes a pause from checking all the possible escape routes for the fifth time and looks at her
“Stark, these things are still coming” '
Antonia was 6 her mother and her aunt became her heroes, she wanted to be more like Maria and Peggy, and she decided that Antonia or Toni was a too much of a male name for that, so secretly (without Howard noticing) she changed her first name to Natasha, Natasha Antonia Stark.
“Why the hell should I take orders from you?” the police sergeant snaps, but before Steve can say anything, an explosion comes behind him, the energy blast being blocked by his shield, then, two Chitauri soldiers attack and he fights them off with ease, he can hears the same sergeant say to the other officer “I need men in those buildings, lead the people down and away from the streets, I need a perimeter as far back as 39
Last Chapter!!! the next one is an epilogue and also a little surprise :3
“So why didn’t SHIELD bring her in on the Tesseract project? I mean, what are they doing in the energy business in the first place?”
“I... I broke the crayon” she whispers, feeling as the tremors become stronger, a vague sense of nausea fills her, making her feel light-headed. she has the sensation that her body paralyzes for a second, at the next she has the intense instinct to run away
“Of course, I wouldn’t expect Black Widow to do any differently” she smirks, Clint laughs quietly, but soon enough his expression darkens again
“Miss, we will loose power before you cut through that shell” JARVIS voice informs her, she takes a second to mentally apologize Rhodey for making him loose the bet with Pepper about how much time would it take for her to do something incredibly dumb again and flies up ahead, facing the oncomming monster
“Yeah that as well”
2015 New Year's Eve, Avenger's Tower, New York
“Actually, how did you know that? You spied me? Happy on my trail again?”
“The president is safe, but we got a situation here... some of the soldiers... are young, very young” everyone looks horrified by the implication those words carry “We got them in custody, they are pretty scared and it's hard to keep them in control so they don’t overheat”
“He... he is fighting... delicate, but... he is gonna get better, he ought to” she says, trying to convince herself more than the two spies in the room, she looks at Clint and sees his pained expression “Don’t.” Tasha warns him while putting her hand on his “Don’t do that to yourself, this was Loki’s doing, it’s about magic and other stupid, senseless stuff” Clint nods
“You have more of those arrows?” Rhodey asks a little breathless of all the fighting
“Ow” is Bruce only reaction
“Yeah about that, A, I saved you first and B... thanks... you are a worthy sidekick” Harley gives her and incredoulous look "And C, if you do someone a solid, don’t be a yutz, all right? Just play it cool and suave” she goes to the driver seat and opens the car “Otherwise you come off grandiose”
“Miss?” a voice calls her, but Tasha is swimming in darkness and confusion, an extremely loud sound takes her out into consciousness “Miss!”
“Harley... and you’re...”
“I gotta an idea... hold on tight” is all Rhodey’s warning before shooting at the cable that kept the container steady
In which the Hulk gets hired as an emergency paramedic, Steve finds a new home and everything ends well
. Tasha can see as some type of serum is being injected on the subjects and they begin to glow, the camera focus on the redhead and then the impossible.... a limb regrows from her cutted arm, but then the camera turns to another subject, Killian order everyone to go and take the rest with them, the man glows and shines and finally... explodes
“Hmmm that’s better” Maya looks at her with fondness and takes Tash’s sunglasses off her “You are seeing things” she laughs. Without them, Stark looks younger, her eyes shine with deep interest, both mentally and physically, and the air between them takes another turn as both of the girls bend to kiss. Happy closes the door of the suit, or at least try before something behind him explodes
“Hi, everyone, my name is Trevor, Trevor Slattery, I know I’m shorter in person, a bit smaller, everyone says that, but, um, hey, if you’re here to arrest me, there are some people I’d like to roll on”
“Turbine’s loose, mostly intact, but it’s impossible to get out there and made repairs while we are on the air, and if we lose one more engine, we’ll stop being up here”
~Steve and Tasha at some point
"I'll... make sure she is happy in every aspect" he says looking at the scientist to the eye, he nods satisfied and walks to the elevator. When he sees that he is gone, Steve lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding, everyone saw the exchange they had in the ship after the fight, and since then, everyone seemed to assume that Steve was going to make a move soon, that wouldn't have been a problem if it wasn't because apparently everyone wanted to protect the little genius from ill-meaning suitors, not that he blamed, he probably would have been the same.
’ she thinks with hysterical fondness
Tasha and Rhodey at some point in their lives
“Come on people, we don’t have all day! Everybody grab your monkey!” she orders, they start doing it, soon she is holding seven people in one hand
“God I would kill for some armor right now” Rhodey whines
“She is back” he can hear the relief sighs of Black widow and Hawkeye, then he turns to the kid, a dashingly smile on his face “We won” he breaths, Tasha closes her eyes for a second that makes Capitan America panic, he doesn’t want to see her like that ever again, she is a swell girl after all. When she opens them, the weight of the battle seems to be reflected in her gorgeous eyes
“Then don’t take my stuff” she answers through the helmet
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah yeah you can yell at me later, hey I heard you have some bussiness in Malibu right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well yeah? I’m the daughter of Howard Stark remember? Of course I would know her and all the Hollowing Commandos” her sweet smile returns to her face and Steve’s heart flutters “The weirdest uncles a little girl can have, but yeah” she tries to stand up and makes a pained expression when she does, the ever gentleman Steve Rogers helps her getting up and she smiles at him, gratefully “I must say though, you are too good looking to be as old and proper as they made out you to be” she smirks and Rogers can see the mischievous and flirty glint in her eyes, he feels his face warm, but he mimics her and grins
the next work is going to be Iron Man 3: "kicking the villain ass totally counts as a date, right?"
” he orders without a second thought
“Who is this child and what is she doing in such a serious and dangerous situation as this?” Thor asks looking also amazed but confused, Nat takes the trouble to explain
After that they entertain themselves exchanging tips of fighting, downing glass after glass, Steve, of course, can't get drunk, but the genius has a very high tolerance if she says so herself. At some point, their conversation diverged and Tasha starts telling him a few stories that her uncles had told her when she was younger prompting Steve to either die of laughter or die of embarrassment, he changes some stories, other he confirms it "Yes I was really skinny and tiny before" and "No that was Dum Dum's doing! How could you believe that?!"
“Hey, have a little faith for old little me alright? I almost had this figured it out seven years ago when I was drunk” she smugly answers “I can get them better, that’s what I do... I fix stuff”
“But that’s also what Stark Industries used to do... You know the difference? Tasha decided to do what's right, and she stopped selling weapons altogether, so, how about instead of judging so harshly, why don’t you do that?... Do the right thing” the scientist looks at him with wide eyes
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh I know about a certain tech genius that could use some help to run away from some troublesome patrons" Nat adds meaningfully, the interest sparkle on Rogers' eyes doesn't escape her attention
’ Tasha thinks, after seeing Loki stab him she couldn’t stop thinking the worst case scenario. Fury puts Coulson’s Captain America cards on the table next to Steve, a little bloody “You might want to sign that, for when he recovers” Tasha nods, because (almost uncle) Phil dying is not an option
Then... a miracle, a small figure is hurled back into the once open and now closed portal, the armor plums to the Earth
Another missile impacts the house and the ceiling of the entrance collapse trapping the genius inside
“As a matter of fact... I do, thank you very much” she turns to her son again “Say... JARVIS, is it that time?”
“I’m so not going to talk about my useless crush on Steve Rogers and non-existent love life to you, I still remember what happened five years ago, don't think I've forgotten” and with that Rhodey made a surrender motion that has her glaring at him for a moment before drinking the rest of her beer “Why don’t you better tell me what’s really going on? With the mandarin?” her friend moves his head negatively “Platypus I’m worried for you, seriously, can we talk about this guy?” she takes his hand and idly plays with his fingers, a tic she developed since MIT
“So you’re saying that the Hulk... the other guy... saved my life?” she nods sightly “That’s nice, it’s a nice sentiment. Saved it for what?” Bruce can’t stop the bitterness in his tone
“What the hell was that?” Harley asks finally catching up with her, she throws at him a little snowball
“Miss, a new video is streaming” Tasha tenses and is like all her easy-going self is gone in an instant, she is full in bussiness mood when she goes in front of the TV and coolly says
“18,000 feet miss” JARVIS warns
“The kid...” she ignores the outrage squeal from her namesake and continues with a smirk in place “is Natasha Stark, genius, owner of Stark Industries, SHIELD consultant and Iron man in her free time” there is a quiet gasp from Steve, how could that little girl be Iron man?
“Thor, you’ve gotta try and bottleneck that portal, slow them down, you’ve got the lightning, light the bastards up” the god do as told and flies with his hammer, Steve turns to Nat “You and me, we stay here on the ground keep the fighting here. And Hulk...” the green monster turns to him “Smash” Hulk smiles a magnificent grin and leaps soaring high into the nearest building.
“Yeah there’s a giant brain, there’s a shifty character I’m gonna follow this guy, I’m gonna run his plates and I’m gonna... you know? if it gets rough so be it”
Yo! Listen up! Heres the story about a little guy that lives in a blue world...  :v
“See?” Tasha grins satisfied with Nat's accomplice
(See the end of the chapter for
“It is a big deal and... Please stop talking” Steve begs as he pinches his nose
“Pepper!” the young woman excitedly goes and hugs her “What’s with all of you calling me Toni today, it’s so not cute” she pouts as Pepper giggles, Tasha moves her eyebrows mischievously “So.... how was your date with Aldrich Killian?” the older woman makes a disbelieving expression
“What’s the matter? Scared of a little lightning?” he jabs
“Ms. Stark!” an older man calls to her and give his hand “Ho Yinsen” Tasha mutters something about never meeting a Ho before under her breath “I would like to introduce you to our guest, Dr. Wu”
(See the end of the chapter for
“JARVIS, you ever heard the tale of Jonah?”
“Life kid, I built him, I take care of him, I’ll fix him”
"This thing on? ... Hey Spangles, if you find ever this recording, don't feel bad about this, I want you to know that I'm sorry, sorry for being reckless, stupid, irresponsible... I know that you loved me like that nonetheless, but I'm sorry... because this time, thanks to that I won't be able to go home sorry honey. Don't worry, being lost in space with zero promise of rescue is more fun than it sounds... Food and water ran out four days ago... Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning and that'll be it" she sighs "When I drift off I'll dream about you, because, it's always you... It has always been about you... I trust you will take good care of little Peggy Stark Rogers for me" Tasha's voice cracks a little thinking about her 3 months old baby daughter "I love you Steve... see you in the other side" she cuts the transmission and lays down, a single tear falls down as she waits for the end to come
“All right... kill the alarm J, I got it” she slurs
“Hey kid, what would you like for Christmas?” he asks ignoring Harley’s apologies to Tasha “No, no, no I think he was trying to say ‘I want my goddamn file’”
“Alright... but at least let us put a tracking device on you, just in case”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wow, you really have got a lid on it, haven’t you? What’s your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Weed?” she wiggles her eyebrows “Please tell me, I need some of it after board meetings on Mondays” she begs half joking (and half serious because board meetings are horrible, painful and just plain boring)
“Access code: One-Alpha-Zero-Three-Beta-Red-S-W-Five-Three” the screen shows ‘access granted’ and immediately sounds a voice that makes everyone breath in relief
“You... you want to make her your trophy” Steve spits the words with weak anger, the man only smiles. At that moment the Iron Patriot armor comes into the room, Killian completely ignores him in favor of turning to the newcomer
“Steve, nice to see you, Tasha told me you were coming, but please call me Pepper” she smiles
“Is that what you want?” she snarls, all the cameras go wild. She was doing such a good job of controlling herself, for Happy, for Pepper, for Rhodey, for the rest of her family... but she had enough, she’s tired of all of this, she didn’t fly a nuke through a wormhole so any idiot could come and hurt her family, her PTSD isn't for nothing dammit!. She didn’t take any alien bullshit, hell she won’t take any shit from any fucking wannabe terrorist “Here’s a little holiday greeting I’ve been wanting to send to the Mandarin, I didn’t before out of respect to all the effort our government is putting to catch him, but now... If you think you can hurt my employee for free you are wrong. My name is Natasha Stark and I’m not afraid of you, I know you’re a coward, so I’ve decided...” she takes off her glasses and all but glares at the reporter, venom dripping in every word “That you just died, pal. I’m gonna come to get the body. Don’t even try to underestimate me, cause you’ll regret it. There’s no politics here, it’s just good old-fashioned revenge. There’s no Pentagon, not even Iron Man... it’s just you and me, and on the off chance you’re a man, here’s my home address: 10880 Malibu Point 90265” she has a predatory smirk that only her most hated business rivals and enemies had seen, the 'Death Grin' some used to call it “I’ll leave the door unlocked” she takes the reporter's smartphone “That’s what you wanted right?” then she proceeds to throw it against a wall, some of the people there, gasps, she just smiles fakely at him and with a simple “Bill me” she disappears inside of her car
“More like I have to move them to New York, at least the ones left”
“Of course he called you, who’s spying on who now?”
"Do you now?" Steve raises an eyebrow, then he frowns "I don't remember seeing her all night now that you mention it"
“TASHA!!!” Steve screams as he goes to move the rocks so he can re-enter
“So... who’s at the door?” the Captain snaps from his ogl- assessment; because he was definitely and positively not ogling her, just because she might have been sober and conscious when she kissed him didn’t mean...
“T-Tash... you... you don’t have to do this...” even Steve sounds chocked “This is a one-way trip don't do this!” he begs and she feels nauseus for doing this to them
Tasha grins... if Aldrich thinks he can take away the person she cares deeply for that easily, he is wrong
I hope you have a great day/night and week in general
“And why ever that might be?” he drops thick sarcasm on that single phrase and Tasha does what any adult would... she sticks her tongue out and shoves him slightly
"I...." Bruce breaths and starts again "I was promised a tour in Candyland?" Tasha grins and beams and looks the happiest that Steve has seen her since he met her a few days back
"Yeah... but who do you think gets critizied for not appearing on the Stark christmas Gala?" Steve frowns at that comment, like Avengers, they only appear enough for the media to leave them alone, Natasha Stark is not an official Avenger, the public thinks of her as their patron, they don't even
“Miss, shall I call Mr Rhodes or Ms Potts?” JARVIS asks and she gulps, if she does make it out of this alive, they are going to kill her
(See the end of the chapter for
"I do not like Tasha Stark, that would be terribly inappropriate"
“The Stark Tower? That big ugly... building in New York?” Steve interrupts his rant at seeing the scowl on the kid’s face, it was more like a pout really, just when he thinks she can’t be more adorable...
“Alright, hey, alright. Fuck.... someone tell Clint I totally won the bet! oh, my sweet Jesus” she looks a beat away from a full panic attack “Good job guys, let’s just... not come in tomorrow yeah? Let’s just take the day off. Have you ever tried shawarma? There’s a shawarma joint about two blocks from here, I don’t even know what it is but I wanna try it. For free, I want birdbrain to treat me a shawarma” Steve looks at her fondly, she’s so ridiculous, and he is so, so happy that she is safe, so ridiculously glad that’s not even funny.
“I’m not a teenager Cap” she says quite frustrated, ignoring the fact that she does, actually, do stupid and reckless things most of the time and proceeds to blast another rider “But whatever, enough of my very legal age, birdbrain, what else you’ve got for me?”
“Right... so... Agent Barton...”
“I just did” the AI answers concerned, Iron man leaves the streets, getting rid of the aliens on her and flies into the sky, the World Security Council thinks that they can just blow Manhattan up for a few petty aliens? Well they are wrong, this is her home, of all of them really, is where she met Clint, where Pepper and her made their clean energy dream come true, New York is where she's planning to have her new Avengers family live with her, she isn’t having any of that, no bomb, no aliens, no nothing, she's sick of all this, and if she has to do something stupid and reckless again then she’ll do it, to save her city and her family fighting there, she’ll gladly do it
“Yep”
“Yeah, okay, about that, it tested well with focus groups all right? People like that name” she raises an eyebrow
Natasha was 17 when she was kidnapped by the ten rings. She was held in a cave along with Yinsen for 3 months, being tortured until she agreed to recreate the Jericho missile, before escaping with Mark I and a piece of metal deep in her chest. She couldn’t save Yinsen though, and she mourned him for months, finally creating a whole new research and development department in his honor: clean energy.
“Hey, watch it, it’s a limited edition” she warns him before turning to the other guy “Hey, ponytail express, what’s the mileage count between Tennessee and Miami?”
“My name is Trevor, Trevor Slattery”
“Miss, the suit is not combat ready” JARVIS warns her, the hud show ‘system failure’. The machine-gun fires at her again, she takes a little missile of the suit and tosses it in another helicopters direction and fires her repulsor beam making it explode. Outside, Steve has to put his shield up as one of the other choppers fires non-stop at him and Maya, he can see one of them flying out of control in the house direction, he can’t move or he is going to put the scientist in danger
“Wow...” Maya looks at her in disbelief, the fame Natasha Stark has of being a playgirl is as well known as her genius, though nobody knows her real age, everyone agrees that she has shared a bed with an impressive amount of both men and women by how young she looks. Yet, half of those rumors are actually fake since she became pickier with her room partners after what happened with Tiberius Stone
They are getting to the hallway when Fury’s voice sounds again in the comms, an urgent to it that stops Tasha in her feet
And with that, the true fight begins
"Happy New year Tash" he holds her hand gently, feeling as his heart is going to beat its way out of his body, and kisses her knuckles softly "I love you" he whispers.
(See the end of the chapter for
"At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me" Steve answers while unraveling the tape off his hands and packing his stuff
“Spill it out, do you know what they did to my suit?” Rhodey asks pointing a gun to his head just for precaution
“Don’t worry Phil... we can do it” Tasha says convinced
"The circular thing in her chest plate, DOES. IT. GLOW?" he looks, but there's nothing glowing or that looks remotely on
"Are we talking about our Christmas in the bar downtown?" he asks hiding a smile
“And I’ll read all about it” she tilts her head again, the doctor quickly wonders if the action is on purpose all the time or she does it unconsciously
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?” Steve asks, doing his best to keep up with the intel
also... yes!! Nat's going to torture Cap just a little bit, especially because she doesn't know that he already apologized, oh well, c'est la vie :D
“Iron man wait! We need a plan of attack!” Steve stops him, or at least he tries
"The.... what?" Steve is breathless over the whole situation
"Apparently you’re waiting for someone else yeah?” the lady nods once, the genius takes a quick glance at the file, her eyes fixiating on the marker letter MIA for a second “Mrs. Davis, I must tell you, your son didn’t kill himself, and I guarantee you, he didn’t kill anyone... but someone used him... as a weapon” the woman looks flabbergasted
“Yeah I noticed, but thanks for the warning buddy” Tasha replies in dry sarcasm “Okay... plan B”
“And here I thought we were plan B and the spies were plan A”
she is Iron Man, so they are a lot less forgiving about her when not appearing to a special event
“Stay down boss!” he says, she just stays still and blinks several times
“Just like you said” Cap concedes
Finally the end! enjoy!
"You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing" the god stands still with a smirk in place
“Like five more, why?”
“Do it!” Cap orders
“Wait... you slept with her?! she was underage! That’s illegal!” Maya looks stricken and actually winces under Steve words
When the other Avengers arrive at the destroyed Malibu house, SHIELD's already on scene, Fury shouting to his agents
“Nat! Clint! Blow it!”
for the next series I'll do Iron Man 3 with tiny Tasha and Steve, also there's going to be special changes on that one besides the obvious ones, (of course it would be much easier if I actually manage to find the script ¬¬)
“Dr. Banner left his lab as to follow basic human preservation requierments 10 hours ago” JARVIS informs them, Steve archs an eyebrow and Tasha groans
"No... let the idiots have their moment" she deadpans before turning to the jet waiting for them, leaving Iron Man and Captain America to themselves
"The Helicarrier is failing... Cap! stop falling for Tasha and help her out of the turbine!! and... Tasha! stop flirting with Cap and go help the rest of the crew!" -Fury at some point, probably
"The soldier, a man out of time"
“Does JARVIS’ going to make the count?” Nat butts in
“But where’s Steve...?” Clint quietly asks before the armor separate itself revealing that in fact, the person inside it was Rogers, who goes into the house just to be repulsed back seconds after, two helicopters fail, but the third starts shooting at Captain America and the civilian who now hide behind Steve’s shield. The house falls to its doom with no sign of the genius getting out. The headline makes everyone feel deep concern ‘
“I might have been actually 16 back then” she thinks about for a second and adds offended "Wait... What? Do I actually look like I'm 29 years old?"
And since all of her theories result being true, or at least most of them, it’s not a surprise when she finds Selvig activating the device that’s holding the Tesseract
“What I think is that Loki’s trying to wind us up. The man means to start a war, and if we don’t stay focused, he’ll succeed, we have orders, we should follow them” Tasha scrunches her nose adorably
“Yeah, well, who isn’t?" Tasha answers "Hey, sweetheart, he means me” she tells her date and bites her earlobe slightly
“She’s six! Anyway it’s a limited edition so treat it well. Hey so when can we talk about New York?” he asks as they walk side by side to a dead end street
“Peggy? Peggy Carter?” she nods “You know Peggy Carter?” Steve’s eyes go wide, Tasha looks at him puzzled
“Well... I guess you can scold him when we see him”
funny story: some descriptions like the "Fucking Chitauri Leviathan" actually comes from The Avengers' script :v
“Well... It's powered by Stark Reactors, self-sustaining energy source, that building will run itself for what? A year?” Tasha beams at them again
“The heat from the blast was in excess of 3,000 degrees Celsius, any subjects within 12.5 yards were vaporized instantly” JARVIS informs her
“I can tell...” Tasha mocks him “You know how I can tell?” she starts the engine and send him a mocking smirk “’Cause we’re connected” she chuckles as she drives away from town
When we danced I held her tight
“I am Iron Patriot” she says in a gruff voice “common, it sucks”
“Yeah? Get in line” Clint deadpans while getting his arrows ready
~Carnival of rust- Poets of the Fall
“Miss, take a deep breath” JARVIS says to her, before separating the gauntlet from the armor to use it as a lever so they can release her, the gauntlet attaches to her again and the repulsors start firing “Flight power restored” he informs her as he takes them both out of the water and onto the sky.
“Seeing, still working on the believing. Where’s Bruce? Has he shown up yet?” she asks as she directs herself towards the huge monster, the thing's gonna destroy the city and she can't have that
“Well, that’s up to you, you could be a regular genius scientist with powers or a superhero genius scientist with awesome powers” she sends him a knowingly half smile and gets back to work. Banner mimics her
“Okay” she simply replies “Thanks Harley, you are the best little brother ever”
“Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube, I was hoping you might join him” if Tasha’s face could reflect any more happiness at the thought of working with a scientist she deeply respects, she would have blind everyone in the room.
“That’s incredible, it's amazing! Essentially you’re hacking into the genetic..."
"S-Steve... this, this is..."
’ her mind provides as she makes the same motion she made in the mansion ‘
“And what are you? 8?” she rolls her eyes “Look, kid, if I tell you that I’m Iron Man is because I’m Iron Man okay? I’ll put my suit on to prove my point but I kinda need to repair it first, also... rude, and I can assure, if you keep telling girls that they can’t be superheroes, you won’t be popular any time soon” she sticks her tongue out at the kid, proving once more how mature Tasha Stark can be, he just shrugs as if accepting easily that a 20 something young woman can be one of the Mighty Avengers
“Time to go” he says to the spy sitting in the chair working on a gun
“That’s so not funny” Tasha sighs, yeah, Steve's still mad at her, not really surprising if she thinks about it for more than a second
“Yeah, but I got you first, winghead” she answers sweetly, a lovestruck expression on her face that makes Rogers blush slightly “Get your shield, we can’t stay here” she says getting up, another missile impacts on the side of the house, sending her to the side of the window knocking the sofa in her fall, Steve turns to her “Move! I’m right behind you” Tasha jumps the couch, but before she can reach Steve, the floor between them falls apart, Steve looks at her with determination on his eyes
The smirk in Tasha's face is more than enough to already make him feel like home already
“Good, let’s see what we got” over the chunk that was ripped off the Hellicarrier, Steve can see the Iron man suit fly near the turbine, he's still amazed by it, which makes the guilt over what he said earlier grow. Tasha muters under her breath some things he can’t understand, only making out the words ‘cooling system’, ‘dislodging’ and ‘debris’, then she turns to Steve, her mechanical voice ringing in his ear “I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position” Captain America jumps over the destroyed railing, opens the control panel and promptly freezes ‘
“Ah! Better late than never, it’s good to be back, hello by the way”
“Fine! I’ll be a basic human for now, but only for you Winghead” Steve heart flutters at the endearment his best friend gave him “’sides, I need coffee”
“You can’t blame him for it, he takes on you after all” he grins patting DUM-E on its arm, Tasha beams at him
“Wow... I’m... terrified” the other guy deadpans
' is Steve's first thought
“I just want to say, I never thought people had been hurt, they lied to me, I was used” he says blinking several times
“Oh-oh” the alarm increases in intensity “Oh no no no no no...” Tasha starts screaming as she sees how close is to crash with a car in the highway, she bumps in the pavement a few times and hit some trees until she finally stops in the middle of something white, soft and cold “It’s snowing, right? Where are we, upstate?”
“In five, four, three, two, one!” finally, the gauntlet enters through the window and accommodates itself in her hand, she fires the repulsor to one of the guards “Told ya” she snaps the straps and starts fighting as the part of her legs and her arm arrives “Hey... where’s the rest?” more men appear on the hallway and Tasha repulse herself in the air with one boot and one gauntlet just like old times, and starts shooting to them alternating the machine gun with her beams, she kicks all the guards’ asses in the most badass Natasha Stark way. She turns and aims at the last man standing, making him toss his weapon in fear and awe
“And how exactly are you planning to do that? You are a little, insignificant girl who is zip-tied to a bed and with no way to call Iron Man” one of the men mocks, Tasha just grins knowingly
“So you are an idiot just like Phil” her eyes show exasperation and maybe just a tiny bit of despair, but Steve knows better than to comment on that
’ trademark smile
“So? Where are you sending me this time? Far East? Europe? Africa? Where is him?”
“I didn’t think you were expecting old friends... or girlfriends... Tasha?” Steve has his ‘
'  he thinks with fond exasperation
She looked awful nice and so I hoped she might take a chance
“I’ve compiled a Mandarin database for you, Miss, drawn from SHIELD, FBI and CIA intercepts” JARVIS informs her, she nods rubbing her head, she has a full headache in effect. She just arrived when Steve yelled at her for doing another crazy and stupid thing, '
Steve goes to his motorbike when he hears an amused voice
“Don’t be such a party popper Cap”
“I’m so going to make spangles sue you for stealing his colors I swear” she mutters under her breath, Rhodey has to make the inhuman effort of not laughing again
“You got a suit?” Cap looks at him, trusting Black’s widow nod confirming he is now on their side
“Where she always is...”
“Miss, the Captain is clear of the structure” JARVIS voice tells her and she breaths relieving, then she points her hands together in that direction and to her again, ordering her armor to return, Steve is trying to take a rock so he can get inside the house and get Tasha when the Iron Man armor separates itself from him and flies through a hole in the falling ceiling. The helicopters start shooting and Tasha sorts them just in time for her armor to attach to her body, when she is ready to fight is when the missile shot the last support of the house
“And of course you’ll remember that when she spilled a million gallons of crude off Pensacola, thanks to you, not one fat cat saw a day in court”
“What was uncle Bucky like?” she whispers, fearful of touching a sour subject that makes him hate her, instead, Steve shows her a warm yet pained smile
"I feel quite honored lady Natasha, you can rest assure that whatever room you give me, is going to be deeply appreciated" the genius beams and blushes for all answer, Cap thinks it's adorable. Thor takes his brother and aligns the device that contains the Tesseract, that creates a portal and both gods disappear
“Come on Boss, seriously?” Tasha smirks
’ trademark smile as he gets close to both girls
“Those people need assistance down there” he can’t move a finger though since the Chitauri soldiers that landed near the Avengers start firing at them. Black Widow pulls both pistols out and fires
“According to the footage I saw...” she takes a pause when she tackles a soldier and tosses him to the sea “He is where the barrels exploded, that’s the lab” Tasha inhales sharply and puts everything in the thrusters, as she goes, the battle keeps on going, both armors and avengers kick orange soldiers. She soon enters the ruins of the lab and sees the blond bump on the ground covered on debris, she tries to take them but Steve’s strained voice stops her
Her story with the spies is a funny one: after the one night only deal she got with the red-head, Romanov admitted that Tasha was something close to a little sister and that she reminded the spy of herself when she was still in the red room, hence the indulging Stark in her lust. Toni was surprisingly good with that and her crush evolved into something platonic, more like the thing she had with Rhodes and Pepper. So, Tasha stopped seeing agent Romanov when she left for her other missions, that’s why she was so surprised and pretty freaked out when, not long after her 19th birthday, a man dropped from her ceiling, injured and claiming to be with SHIELD and knowing Nat.
Steve can’t sleep, again. But this time, the reason is a snarky, abrasive, kind and cute genius. He doesn’t really think that he's pinning, (Nat, Clint, Bruce, Fury, Coulson, and Rhodey call bullshit) but he's certainly interested in the younger woman, she has something that Steve can’t quite name, that make everyone be more protective of her, yet she isn’t any damsel in distress. In the two years he knew her, she had been kidnapped five times, four of which she had practically rescued herself and the other the kidnappers couldn’t even take her with them, so that's that.
“Indeed, Captain”
“I’ll have you know that I, in fact, have a name, ‘sides, sure, he gives up the Cube and our friends and he’s all yours, until then, stay out of our way... tourist” she adds while she walks away, she doesn’t give more than two steps before being pushed into a clear by the damned hammer “Okay... now it’s on”
“This is the Roxxon Norco” The President whispers in shock
Every person has a limit... and he just crossed hers
Her hips bounce from one side to another following her arms she closes her eyes in an expression of pure bliss and pleasure, then she opens them and tosses her left arm up front. Nothing happens. She scowls and does it again, again everything stays still
“Didn’t know you were leaving” he says trying to keep the bite and dissapointment within him, he doesn’t make it though, seeing as the girl flinchs slightly
“He had to conquer his greed, but he knows he has to take us out to win, right?, That’s what he wants, he wants to beat us and he wants to be seen doing it... he wants an audience” she looks at him intently, her brain looking for the missing part of the mistery, Steve furrows his brow in concentration
"Please tell me you have a plan"
“He made it personal” she blurts looking at the blood pattern again, Steve barely contains a sigh
“That would be gluten-free waffles” Steve chimes in, Tash sends him a look ‘
Also, place your bets on Nat’s Romanov punishment on Rogers for his poor choice of words :D
(See the end of the chapter for
She was 18 when she trashed her home by throwing a tantrum, granted, she was being childish and probably letting her mother and aunt Peggy down, but she was dying, and nobody knew (her own disappointment in trying to find another element that could replace the palladium was enough without having to deal with the worry of her family, thank you very much). Then she learned that if it weren't for Natalia, she would really have died. Despite everything, Tasha couldn't stop thinking about whether the spy save her because of her or because Iron Man... especially after reading her report ‘Iron Man- Yes, Toni Stark- Not recommended’
“Only if you make Bruce do the same, it’s not fair he gets to stay in his science outbreak and I have to rest, I’m younger than him! I have more energy!” she childishly whines, making Steve smile fondly. In the two years he has spent in the Avengers Tower he has learned how petty (
“I really hope you have a better plan to save Steve at this rate”
’ “You know? For the first 30 minutes I actually thought you’d show up, and the next hour... I considered taking that one-step shortcut to the lobby 'cause you had mock me... I was such a little thing that the great and spoiled Natasha Stark had mocked me, it was ridiculous at best and humiliating at worst... but as I looked out over that city, nobody knew I was there, nobody could see me, no one was even looking, and that gave me a thought that would guide me for years to come... Anonymity Tash, thanks to you and your pretty eyes, it’s been my mantra ever since, you simply rule from behind the scenes, because the second you give evil a face, a Bin Laden, a Gaddafi, a Mandarin, you hand the people a target... you have met him I assume”
“Oh... but Shawarma date after?” she asks tentatively, Steve faintly blushes at the word date and Tasha together but he just smiles and nods
“It’s not” she concedes “But it’s a fact, JARVIS, why are we still at ding-dong? we are supposed to be on total security lockdown, come on, I threatened a terrorist. Who is that?”
“If he is right about the location we’re 20 minutes from where Steve is” Tasha says like she is putting everything in herself to not go looking for the dear Captain by herself.... which, probably is what she's doing
“We have a HULK” just because of that the god should be begging for mercy really, who actually expects to win against a Hulk?
“Sure I am, what can I do to you?”
hoped you enjoyed this little and somehow fluffy chapter :3
“I’m most definitely not back to screwing around” she coffs a few times more “But it’s not my fault my bed gets cold at night okay? If I could find someone nice to settle down with, trust me, I would” she briefly glances at Steve, but he doesn’t take any notice as he continues to torture himself with images of Tasha with another person cuddling or hugging or kissing or....his mussing are interrupted by Nat’s voice
“Like someone took my brain out and play with it...” he looks down and then back to her, Tasha nods understanding that Clint doesn't want to elaborate
“Nice! Tell him to suit up, I’m bringing the party to you guys” Steve can see her coming out from behind a building, the Chitauri Leviathan follows her impatiently
“We’re awaiting the arrival of genius and CEO of Stark Industries, Natasha Stark, we’re hoping she’ll give us the reaction... her reaction to the latest attack” Tasha groans, before putting on her sunglasses, it had been a good move to tell Steve to wait for her, he doesn’t have to put up with more reporters bullshit. Who told them that was the hospital where Happy was anyway?... better yet, how did they knew her friend Happy had been in the attack? She doesn’t wait for an answer as she goes out and all the cameras flash on her “Ms, Stark! Hi there, our sources are telling us that all the signs are pointing to another Mandarin attack, what do you think about that?” the interviewers get in her way to her car, but she moves with ease, confident and with all the attitude of who doesn’t give a crap of what others think about her, she's just about to escape all the vultures when a male voice makes her snap, it isn’t as much as him as what he says though
“All things consider?” she raises an eyebrow even if she knows that the spy can’t see her
“I’ll take him and go with the vice-president to keep him safe. Director Fury has to take other matters at hand so he left us to solve this, Tasha, you and Colonel Rhodes see to the Iron Patriot armor, anything they do it has to be related with the president” she pouts, she really wants to find Steve at once and to know that he is fine, but the rules are clear, they both agreed to them after all... civilians and victims first
"No..." her voice becomes barely a whisper "That... no! she isn't-" Steve freezes, a top spy like Romanov doesn't act like that, not unless... Clint lets out a sob. But Steve... Steve's a soldier, he can't have another innocent youngster die on him, he just can't, he can't take it. He relieves on Captain's America cool and collected mindset, but before he can do anything, like CPR, the Hulk roars in fury and pain, the noise startles Tasha alive, who takes a huge and panicky gasp
“Wait... you weren’t 22 back then? you aren't 29?!” Tasha smiles innocently
“Well, I’m still eating that candy, can I still eat it? Do you want me to keep eating it?”
“Gary. Say, is Iron Man around? Because I wouldn’t mind asking if he could sign my super personalite tatoo and...” before the guy gets more excited, Tasha takes his arm and makes him look into her eyes while batting her lashes in auto-pilot
“That’s my secret, Captain. I’m always angry”
“Because of him” Fury points at Thor (like a kid acusing another to the teacher), who actually looks surprised and puzzled
“Yes Miss” J’s voice can be heard from all the armors
“In English please!”
“Doctor?” Steve prompts, Bruce sighs and looks at them
“Yeah well... Nat and I remember Budapest very differently” is all he says before another explosion blows near
“Why, captain, I'm flattered that you think little old me is cute” her blush was to be denied till her last breath
"And to spy on me?” Natasha smiled knowingly
Tasha talks into her personal connection with her favorite son “JARVIS, target EXTREMIS heat signatures and disable with extreme prejudice”
"Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me" Tasha smirks and complies, those are Captain's orders after all
“Yeah, you really killed the glass” how Rhodey didn’t drown in his own sarcasm is something Tasha would never know
“I'd sit this one out Cap, those two come from legends, they’re practically gods” Natasha intervenes seeing Steve as he prepares to jump
"What did they say?"
“Can’t you all stay focused?” Steve voice sounds exasperate but not angry so Tash counts that as a win “Don’t rile the kid up, she might do something stupid and reckless again” he teases, Tasha scoffs
“This is better than any right?” there’s a beeping “Well... now the air force has been compromised, and I’m not moving any mile away from Spangles so... I guess it’s time for plan B”
“Clint is going to be so happy you let him play with other children” both deadly women snickers “Will be there, stay safe
“Honestly, they can’t bank worth a damn, find a tight corner” he says while shooting to an alien behind him
“Guys! Can we, um...”
Cap! behind you!
“Aww come on! I promise a stress-free environment, no tension, no surprises” Tasha says that but proceeds to poke Banner with a miniature electrical pod, which makes Steve’s heart stop for a second. If the Hulk were to come out so close to her... He walks in a bit more paled than before
“That figures, what I actually am is a biological DNA coder running a team of almost a 100 out of a privately funded think tank, but sure, you can call me a botanist”
“I thought humans were more evolved than this” Thor sighs and Fury looks personally attacked
“And you’ll get your cube back, no muss no fuss” she smiles brightly while looking a collection of secret SHIELD files, then... “What’s phase 2?”
“Of course”
“Yeah, yeah fine, I’ll stay with you tonight beautiful widow, I don’t want to wake up covered in green woo like the last time” she promptly glares at Clint who just dies laughing
“You will all fall before me” he hisses before throwing her out the window.
“Oh yeah, with zip ties, it’s a ball” Maya returns her eyes to the monitor
“Hello?”
“The Avengers” she simply says after knocking her first drink, Loki looks at her confused “It’s what we call ourselves, sort of like a team, ‘Earth’s mightiest heroes’ type of thing”
“That’s just half of the problem, we got a lot more soldiers that are healing and I don’t doubt some of them are going to blow real soon” Hawkeye warns
“If I don’t go back in 15 seconds close the portal” she says with her cold, business-like voice, she can’t show weakness, no now, no when she is going to at least die in the glory of battle, and not by some mere kiddnappers or stupid, over-rated palladium. A few chocked sounds ring in the comms
“Show me”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right, yet, I have that on my head now” she puts her face on her knees and tries to breath, her thoughts revolve on the same thing ‘
“I was drunk and a teenager! Get over it” she rolls her eyes, honestly all this situation is being ridiculous
In which Tasha gets thrown through a window first thing arriving at the battlefield
“C-check the heart, check the.. is it the heart? Is it the brain?” she urges her AI to scan her vital signs
btw, the little and subtle change of pronouns when Steve talks to Iron man is because he doesn't knows he is actually a she at this point (hope that makes sense)
“So... let’s see each other again... in better circumstances shall we?” Tasha says to Thor as he takes Loki with special cuffs complete with a mouth-piece, she thinks for a beat and speaks again "You know what? scratch that, you are always welcome in the Tower, Point break, come whenever you want, I'll have your floor ready" she smiles already making plans and blueprints in her head. Steve eyes her curiously
“I know, winghead... you always got my back” she grunts in pain, because the machine is stuck but keeps moving, and it hurts. The tube that’s trapping her gets loose and falls
“Captain” she answers not letting her guard down around Loki.
“JARVIS! How many in the air?”
“You forced our hand, we had to come up with something” Fury defends
“Einstein slept three hours a year, look what he did”
“That’s enough!” Captain America storms to them “Look, I don’t know what you plan on doing here...”
“So this is how you’ve been managing your downtime huh?” Rhodey says as he continues fighting against the ex-military soldiers
“You okay?” Cap asks worried
“Is good that I had a plan B”
"Then hop up in" she says opening a door for him, Bruce sheepishly comply
“Ok so better tell me, are there bad guys in Rose Hill?... Do you need a plastic bag to breathe into?.... Do you have medication?” Tasha moves her head negatively, her breathing speeds and the kid’s voice sounds far in the distant, leaving her only with the sensation of her trembling arms and her need for oxygen because she is in her suit again and she’s off on the space and she can’t breathe and her suit is plumbing and the aliens... oh god the entire armada... she takes a deep breath and tries to keep it so she can regulate herself... it doesn’t work “Don’t you need to be on it?” Harley's voice comes back to her
“That’s two military guys...” Tasha mutters to herself “Guess that settles it, ever been to Tennesse, JARVIS?”
Since the beginning, Pepper and Happy had had a soft spot for the young genius.... that also means that both of them love to tease her relentlessly
“Hey! Watch the face! I live from it” she whines, she can hear the sheriff asking questions to the woman who is pushing her to the table, she cuffs Tasha hands behind her back right after and tosses her to the ground, as the sheriff and the woman keep discussion about homeland whatever security, Tasha makes a head motion to Ms. Davis, she takes notice of it and throws the file under a couch nearby. The mechanic can see how her hand glows an orange color... weird, next thing the woman burns the sheriff and takes his gun, firing it making all of the people in the bar to run screaming, Tasha runs as she can feel the woman following her, only to stop to see a guy glowing orange as well looking at her at the end of the street, she is trapped, she takes cover behind a car when the man shoots at her, she looks at the guy next to her “Crazy huh?” he just nods “Now watch this” Stark runs to a window and jumps through it, yeah... not her best idea, but she uses the leverage to pass her hands beneath her and up to her front, thank god for gymnastics and ballet classes. She has to run and slide behind a counter since the woman from earlier somehow managed to get a fuckin gun. As Tasha tries to run, the woman grabs her by the head, stamps her in the wall and proceeds to beat her, until the genius manages to turn her around and tries to choke her with the cuffs, the woman start glowing and Tasha hisses in pain from the burns but at least the metal melts and she gets free. Stark kicks an oil gallon to her direction and sends the incandescent piece of cuff right to it, making a wall of fire, she puts the dog tags in the microwave and starts it just as the, now orange-glowing, woman comes from the fire, with burns but otherwise practically intact “You walked right into this one, you know? I’ve dated hotter chicks than you”
“What?” Tasha incredulously ask
“Bozhe moy” Nat whispers as she sees the Iron Man armor get out with a woman
She puts play to the records and they can see Loki, the god of mischief stand up at the Hulk, "Enough! All of you are beneath me! I'm a God, you dull creature, and I will not be bullied..." his rant stops short when the Hulk starts smashing him against the floor like a ragdoll. When the god's good as a pancake, he steps away muttering “Punny god”, and Tasha and Steve just about die laughing
The sun starts raising by the time she’s done; she is on her way to the terrorist location when her, recently bought, phone rings, she looks at it curiously, there’s only one person she knows capable of tracking her that fast
“Yes, I can see how well you are getting along with him” is Rhodey's turn to appear skeptical, prompting Tasha to send him a look “Hey I’m just saying what I, and everybody else for that matter, see, and you two are disgustingly sweet and domestic together”
“Clint”
“Uh-huh, or, you know, you’ll be suiting up like the rest of us” Bruce scrunches up his nose in disagreement
“Rhodey, babe! Tell me that was you in the iron patriot suit I just saw flying”
Tasha watches Captain America leave the lab and low whistles
“My family, sweetheart, and that includes you too” Natasha does her best to prevent herself from blushing hard
“Trust me when I say... it wasn’t my idea”
Tasha is in the middle of tinkering with MARK XLII when Happy calls, right after she came back from her meeting with Rhodey she locked herself in the workshop, Steve was a bit concerned but he allowed her when she just looked at him with her trademark puppy eyes, which wouldn’t have been that useful if not cause of the twinge of despair behind them; the soldier allowed her to go in lock-down mode as soon as she promised to be back for dinner, and it was a serious promise, he even threatened her to use his override codes if necessary and she agreed. Tasha has been in there for 3 hours when Happy video-chats her
"Only if she lets you" the man jokes and everyone laughs, Steve can only smile, he won't admit it, but he is really nervous
“JARVIS! Send an suit to Tasha NOW!” Clint shouts over the comms, he has visual of the situation
“You said that before... what does it mean?” she asks bringing two bottles and two glasses, she serves one to him and one to herself; Steve shrugs
“We got this, it’s good, go!” Steve turns to Clint for confirmation
“Really?” she giggles quite drunk “Awesome! that’s my favorite kind, it’s a winning combo!” she sways a little
“It’s really, it’s just a... just a huge honor to have you on board, and I know another person who is going to be very happy to know you” Steve smiled sheepishly
“What can I say platypus? Everybody needs a hobby” she dodges a hit and kicks her adversary down the platform, yeah, Clint’s classes paid off. There are armors flying everywhere, but also more guards and AIM people arriving at the battlefield, she looks over the rail and talks to her babies “Heartbreaker, help you little sister Red snapper out will you?” the armor shoots at the soldiers who are destroying the other robot, but one of them strongly takes off the helmet making it crash in a container full of oil barrels... the explosion is big and it affects one part of the labs... the part where Steve is
“Sounds good, what's the prize?” the archer perches himself to survey the battlefield
“He turns” Maria Hill says with an entertaining glint, she doesn’t notice when Tasha places a hacking device under the monitor
“Yeah, it’s seen a bit of mileage and you’ve got the blue stick of destiny. Would you like a drink?” she asks reaching a shelf full of bottles
"Me? always my fair widow" Tasha smirks in a predatory way
“Sorry Tash, it’s classified information” she looks at him with kicked puppy eyes, the ones she just knows even Rhodey can’t refuse to “Okay there have been nine bombings, but the public only knows about three... But here’s the thing, nobody can ID a device, there are no bomb casings... or anything else, really”
“Pepper told me you had to check some prototypes of your suits”
“You’re tiptoeing” she knows what is like, after her parents death and after Afganistan, people used to do that all the time, even the ones she trusted the most, she knows it's not a nice feeling and she doesn’t want to do the same with Bruce, now if she could say that to Captain America “You need to let loose sometimes you know? Stress is to be known as a potential cause of death these days” she explains all while looking at her STARKpad. Steve frowns at her, she looks up and seems to flinch at his expression “Look, if I really want to unleash him, I’ll put a repulsor in his face, this is nothing.” she looks at Steve’s eyes and then looks away, a sad glint in her face “Is like you don’t trust him” that streaks the soldier, especially because is somehow true
“Holy damn Stark” Clint whispers
"What kind of idiot woman wouldn't want you?" now, Steve knows she is ass drunk, he can see it in her red face and hear it in her slurred words, that knowledge doesn't keep him from blushing as he does though, Tasha's eyes are half closed as she smiles sweetly at him "Don't worry Captain, I'll always like you" she mutters falling asleep on his shoulder.
Tasha smiles “This is probably the time when you tell me what’s next for you in your world and I do as if I’m listening while I’m planning my escape” she interrupts charmingly, Maya contains a snicker at her simplicity
"I was... busy" '
“I... sorry, you are right, it’s not nice and I apologized” she nods and gives him a little, more genuine smile. It's the first time someone doesn’t go out of the way in apologies and promises of rewards and stuff, which she thinks is pretty good for a change
“Oh hello Miss” JARVIS answers, she notices a man that creeps behind her, but she doesn’t move since the shadow from before kicks him to the ground
“Let’s go to the bedroom, Happy!” the man straightens at his teenage boss “Leave her ficus alone”
“Oh, I’m starting to want you to make me” she leers, Steve has to fight a blush
“Because if there is, you are saving me” she says exiting the workshop and going to the entrance, Steve in tail, where she sees the gorgeous brunette she met 7 years ago, Tasha points her gauntlet at the woman and, '
After Ty Stone taught her how to properly enjoy a party, Tasha Stark only became wilder
“Who asked you?” she trembles “Open the suit” JARVIS’ voice crackles
First of all, sorry I didn't upload this earlier, yesterday was a crazy day for me
“Well, he took your friend Maya Hansen to her hotel and stayed with her until you decided to return, but then his tracking device got broken and we lost his signal, we went to the hotel but there was no one there except for a waiter, casualty. We found a seringe with a liquid that Bruce is already analysing and Steve’s shield” Tasha grips the wheel, hard “Coulson told us to no to tell you since you were already busy, but all things consider I decided that talking to you is the best choice”
“Yeah... I did... I did say that”
“Thor's right, we gotta deal with these guys for now” Tasha’s voice sounds over the comms, a roar can be heard at not so much distance immediately after, Steve's enhance hearing catches a mutter under her breath "Well... we got his attention, what the hell is step two?" what in the nine realms did Tasha had to do to get that monster's attention? Steve decides right there and then that he doesn't want to know
“No, it’s not, quite frankly, It’s American business”
“Well, you have wings on your cowl” she looks at him intently making Steve stay still for a second, just letting himself to lose in those big brown eyes, she smirks smugly “Winghead” it's Steve’s turn to laugh out loud “Alright winghead, J said there was something amusing in the footage of the Tower, let's see what is it...”
“Well. One of the bad guys was inside” she shrugs as if she didn’t just destroyed millions of dollars invested in the President’s Air Force
“Hey Winghead, so, the good news is that I’m alive. Firstly I want to apologize for being an idiot and put you in danger, and I don’t give a crap about the super serum, you are one of my best friends and I want you safe, period. Also here’s another apology... because I won’t go home yet and I’m still going to do stupid things, sorry... but I need to find this guy, you can laugh of me if you want later... I just grabbed a poncho from a wooden Indian, you know?" she laughs "any way... I’ll see you soon okay? Love ya Spangles”
“Yeah, and that was just the preview, this is the opening night. And Loki... he is a full-tilt diva, I should know...” Steve raises an eyebrow but doesn’t comment on it “He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built in the skies with his name plastered in...” Steve can pin point the exact moment when all the puzzle pieces clicks together inside her brain. Tasha's eyes widden almost comically “Sonofabitch” is all she says, and storms out of the room, again
“What the hell? What just happened?” she looks around frantic, her breathing barely beginning to stabilize “Oh- oh please tell me somebody kissed me” Cap almost blushes at that, almost. Instead, he laughs in utter alleviation and talks into the comms
“She‘s not, really” Tasha really doesn't want Steve getting the wrong idea... whatever that might be
, he wants to add, instead he talks to Banner “No offense doctor”
“So... this all seems horrible” is the first thing the scientist says
“Damn right” the spy agrees while turning a knife that came out of god knows where in her hands
“You never answered my question
“So apparantely... I’m not that easy to kill, well, just in case you were wondering” Tasha chuckles “Tell Pepper I’m okay please, and Rhodey, no one else... let them think I’m gone for a while, don’t worry itsy bitsy, I’m totally going back to kick their asses, relax and wait for the fireworks, I promise if I need you guys I’ll give you a call, see ya soon” the message is cut and Steve wants to kick something or to punch something because that was not nearly enough damn it!
“I don’t like it” Steve whispers close to the helmet breaking her focus, Tasha suppress a surprised yelp
Welcome to the Avengers Tower, to your right you can see birdbrain making a prank war, to your left you can see the hulk making science and if you look into de kitchen or the workshop, you can see two idiots pining for each other
“I... I’m sorry Steve” she sobs, the 40’s soldier decides to be a gentleman and not ask her any further, he just stays there, hugging the girl that had become his best friend in this century and humming an old lullaby, at least until JARVIS speaks and changes everything
“Say... say that again?”
“Shall we go to play, doctor?” she asks Bruce trying to remain professional
“Yeah, no! Bad call! He loves his hammer!”
She takes Harley back home, is the least she can do after she dragged him into that mess. Tasha parks in front of his warehouse, she gets out and opens the door for the kid
“We are, the model’s locked and we’re sweeping for the signature now, when we get a hit, we’ll have the location within half a mile” Bruce interjects
But he doesn't have any furthest interest, because that would be completely inappropriate; it doesn't explain what's Steve doing outside the lab watching the two scientist work though. Which is really a sight to behold, seeing the kid walk like she owns the place, moving her hands around holograms, walking to Bruce and getting back. She is pure movement, fluid and easy and Steve aches for a pencil and a sketchpad. He doesn’t mean it, but his enhance hearing allows him to listen to the conversation, not that he understands half of what they are saying anyway
“Well I had to learn how... otherwise I’ll be dead by now” she smiles self-depreciating and Bruce decides then that he doesn’t like that look in her
Unable to keep his anxiety at bay any further, he goes out of his bedroom to Tasha’s door, slightly hoping that the genius is awake, since he really wants to ask about it, a second later he can hear quiet whimpers and gaps, worried, he decides to enter her room, quietly asking JARVIS for permission, which he grants. Steve finds Tasha shuddering in her sleep and practically runs to her side
“It’s the same as it’s always been, WarMachine68”
After she frees herself with a plank she goes and takes the car keys from the pants bag of the guy, he won’t be needing them anyway.
“It’s me babe, now, last time I went missing, if I remember correctly you came looking for me like my knight in shiny armor, what are you doing and who did you change me for?”
“Why, Captain, I’m glad you noticed my new under-armor suit” she spins for good measure and tilts her head while battering her lashes. Steve blushes a deep shade of red that she thinks it's adorable and make her heart flutter, which prompts a grin on her face
“Tash? We got him” Steve says into the comms
“Well, of course, Stark's work is unparallel, but, Ms. Hansen my organization’s been tracking your research since year two of MIT” he says while Tash pulls Maya to the elevator with her
“Bring up the thermogenic signatures again, factor in 3,000 degrees”
“You forgot genius, billionaire and philanthropist” she grins and Steve's frustration grows until he finally snaps
“I heard it” the Captain nods, Bruce turns to Tasha
“Come on, your knight in shiny armor is waiting for us with a warm meal” Pep coerces her up, while Steve tries to make as if his enhence hearing didn’t listen to everything
“What’s with the sass?” Tasha chuckles “Of course I will” she sniffs “All right, let’s do this” she looks up at one of her robots “DUM-E” she calls with a sweet voice “Hi DUM-E, you know how you get that cap on your head? You earn it” she scowls as she goes to her baby swiping robot “Hey! What are you doing out of the corner? You know what you did. Also, there's blood on my mat, handle it”
“Of course miss, the orders should be arriving by evening tonight” Tasha smirks, if someone thinks that she can’t make Christmas presents they are very very wrong
Yet what the artist finds to be the most endearing thing about the little genius are her eyes. They are huge and very expressive, they have a color that resembles chocolate, Steve wouldn’t mind to lose himself in those. Especially when she beams at him as she did back in the debrief room, she was just so adorable, she provokes a protective streak within the soldier.
In one of the bridge Killian punches Cap and sends him to the other side “I was so close to making her perfect! But you and your little friends had to ruin everything!” he practically yells while walking to him
“Her name is Maya Hansen, it’s an old botanist pal, that I used to know... barely” Steve can totally hear when she whispers to the other woman “Please don’t tell me there’s a furious husband trying to beat me to death”
“A-are those-?”
Fury didn’t answer but his grin was enough
“Three minutes at best, you gotta stay low and wipe out the missile” the 'please be careful' remains unsaid as uncle Nick gets cut out from the network, she snarls
“Where’s the President Widow?” Rhodey asks landing near them, Clint also gets closer
“So? What are we going to do? Every second we take is less blood to spangles” she summarizes
"You are so not letting me live this down, aren't you?"
“There’s only one God ma’am. And I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that” he says before jumping from the jet.
“That’s just the prototype, we are kind of the only name in clean energy right now” She looks so proud, and not without reason, that Steve has to suppress a smile of his own, Banner nods
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship is not a light matter”
“I guess this guy named Chad Davis used to live roundabouts, he won a bunch of medals in the army... one day, folks said he went crazy and made, you know, a bomb, then he blew himself up, right here”
“Well how about that” she tilts her head and smile smugly. The fight continues, Natasha won’t admit it because it might create her some problems with her friends, but she is actually enjoying this, right until the point when the god lifts her and smashes her hard, she gets up quickly and looks ready to pounce when the shield stops them both by ricocheting between them.
“Shut it Hawkass” she definitely doesn’t pout, her friendly banter is short closed by an explosion in the direction of the bank, Tasha gets so startled she almost crash into a building, god she hopes Steve is okay
(See the end of the chapter for
Don't let the open end fool you, there's going to be an epilogue with fluff and more friendship-almost something else- stony :v
Steve gets thrown across the room and ends trapped below a pile of debris, well, at least the tubes are no longer connected to his body... and whatever the scientist injected him with apparently make the serum stronger, because the wounds don’t take longer in start closing, not immediately but is a shorter amount of time than he is used to, he takes deep breaths before trying to take the metal off him
” she says while putting her dish in the sink and starts cleaning it
“Language Cap!” Tasha laughs, more from relief than actual fun, she extends her hand to him “Take my hand Spangles, lets get out of here” Steve wiggles from underneath the debris and almost touches her when an orange hand comes from under a rock and grabs Tasha’s mechanical arm, she hisses as it burns her, the hand throws her, the floor melts and Killian climbs up
Tasha pouts “I’ll let you all know that I’m definitely NOT a kid, I’m 20, completely an adult” she turns to Dr. Banner and proceeds to shake his hand, ignoring everyone else “It’s good to meet you, Dr. Banner, your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. Also, I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster” she smiles sweetly at him, Bruce looks down sheepishly
"Yeah well... there's a reason I hate coming to these things, but she already has given us so much..." Steve nods, he knows that Bruce doesn't only refers to the material things, Tasha gave them a home "Anyway, I'm going to my floor, I have to pack to leave tomorrow early"
“Me? but... that can't be... it's been... it's.... it can't be” she can hear a metallic clinking
"So after that, we had so much work to do that we missed Christmas" Clint explains what happened with the Mandarin to Laura who is comfortably nestled by his side
Tasha smirks, '
The battle begins, Tasha is rooming through the buildings, destroying the strays Clint points out and making the Leviathans follow her. With all the adrenaline, her senses intensify, she can hear the Hulk roar and jumping from building to building, smashing aliens, she can hear the thunders Thor sends to the portal and the destruction this causes, killing and exploding both Chitauri soldiers and monsters. She can hear the others in the comms, deciding to let them open so not to waste time or movements on it
“It’s time like this my temper is tested somewhat, Maya give me the injector”
“You are missing the point” Tasha walks out of her bar “There’s no throne, no version of this where you come out on top. So maybe your army comes and maybe it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you... Because if we can’t protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we’ll avenge it” Loki slowly walks up to her raising the scepter
“Yes?”
Steve looks as if he is going to jump to the water... again, Coulson had to fish him out the last time, but right now he’s pacing
“No, no, no!, Threatening, I’m just being polite. No drink? You sure? I’m having one” she says serving herself a glass of whiskey
“This is what I talked about, the glitch” Maya sighs
“I wouldn’t consider him a role model miss” the AI sounds completely unamused, and she holds a little chuckle as she flies torwads the Chitauri Leviathan, unleashing every arsenal on the suit, the monster opens its mouth, Tasha takes the oportunity and flies in, shooting with everything she gots as she passes through the Leviathan and burts out the other end, making it collapse. Tasha rolls down the street, the wind knocked out of her, she looks up to an overwhelming sight as a small band of Chitauri soldiers rush towards her and start trashing her suit. There are so many and it’s like this is endless, her power is dropping and her body is both hurt and tired, she doesn’t know how much she's going to stand, and something tells her that the others are equally at their limit. A minute later, she has uncle Nick upset voice in her personal comms
“Banner?” Steve asks confused, they didn’t even know where he was yet Tasha seemed sure that he was going to appear soon
“He made it personal, he attacked my family, 'sides I’ve been compromised from the start” she stands up and goes to the door “So prepare yourselves to see me punch a god in the face” is what she says before exiting, of course, she doesn’t get too far before a feminine hand stops her
“Would you mind signing my drawing on his behalf?” she asks and shows her a drawing of the Iron Man armor flying in the sky
"Do you at least have a plan?"
“What are we waiting for kids? Let's kick some butts” she says while extending her arms in a Tasha dramatic way™ “Take them to church” the armors start fighting in all the ways they were designed to do. Clint uses explosive arrows, Nat shoots a bazooka she got out of who knows where and the Hulk... the Hulk smashes and throws EXTREMIS soldiers to the sea. At some point, one of the pillars holding the platform they are in is destroyed and Tasha calls JARVIS to send one of her armors to stabilize it
“Miss the MARK VII is not ready to be deployed”
“Yeah, you do that” he almost hears the smug smile in Iron man’s face. The Quinjet shakes as thunder roars around it, Steve notice Loki looking worryingly outside the window
This is the last official chapter, well, where the Avenger's movie ends at least, I'll put up an epilogue with fluffy Stony either tonight or tomorrow so yeah, that's that, I hope you like this fic which is my
The ‘old’ Stark Tower got trashed in the New York invasion, so Natasha Stark, being both the genius and billionaire she was, remodeled the Tower to add new floors for the new occupants: the Avengers; her name in the front of the building got change (thanks Chitauri soldiers) leaving only the A, hence the name: the Avenger’s Tower. Every hero had their own floor full with suits and kitchens, plus there was a common room, two labs, a full packed gym, a playroom, a range room and her workshop, where Tasha could be found when she wasn’t at the common floor with the other guys. It had taken a full 5 months but all the residentes were quite happy and comfortable with ther new home
“Traitor” Tasha mutters
“Come on now princess, you are not going to freak out on me right?” Tasha rolls her eyes
and now the real fun starts! (also from here on, there's going to be A LOT of dialogue so be prepared)
Steve is quite impressed with Tasha’s House in Malibu, yet he definitely doesn’t show it, the beach house has more of the playgirl the others talk about when describing Tash though. He wonders what the genius is doing in her lab as he prepares dinner, Tasha only came out once after returning to see Rhodey, visibly upset about something, to get an enormous box that was delivered and to tell Steve that Pepper was joining them for dinner, the soldier nods, just a tiny bit disappointed that he didn’t get to spent time alone with the busy genius, not that he ever was going to admit that though. The sun was setting when he heard Pepper’s car outside and seconds later the woman herself enters the house
“Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?” Banner’s voice brings his mind back
“Sure Tash, let’s pretend you weren’t sober when you kissed him last Christmas” the girl almost chockes in her own spit
“The good news is, honey... a high-level position has just been vacated”
“Now there’s that guy” Iron man adds
“We are good, and you’re.... you’re... you’re right on top of me, get off, I made it, I’m fine” Happy stands up and straights his hair and suit, he starts to ask explanations to Maya when the people outside starts yelling “Hey! Happy New Year” Tasha exclaims, prompting the other two to do the same “Alright, I’ll see you in the morning, good night” she shakes her bodyguard’s hand and shushes him outside the room "Now... Where were we?"
“Okay, what have we got here?.... His name is an ancient Chinese war mantle meaning ‘advisor to the king’, has South American insurgency tactics, talks like a Baptist preacher, there’s lots of theater going on here” she makes a motion of closing some information windows
“You are right and my first order as your superior is to go home and be with your mom, keep your trap shut, guard the suit and stayed connected to the telephone so you better pick up when I call you okay? You are going to be my trust-worthy guy on the chair” she smiles satisfied with herself “Feel that sense of freedom? We‘re done here, no more bad guys in Rose-Hill, good job sidekick” she pats his shoulder and gets inside the car “Bye kid” she closes the door and turns on the engine. She downs her window and winks “You did good kid, I’ll send you my number so you can call me when you’re older, I can get you an R&D job if you are interested”
“Take it easy Tash” suddenly the world is spinning and all the sounds seem to grow louder, she inhales sharply as the voice of the kid next to Erin whispers to her
“It’s not!” he exclaims jumping from the roof
“What you mean you can’t find Steve?”
“But... what for? Why now? I'm busy”
The one where Tasha "I can't roll my eyes harder" Stark, has to learn to not judge a book by its cover
If there was one thing both assassins missed from their missions (besides Clint missing his family) was their little genius smile and her multiple shenanigans
“832 miles” He answers, Tasha smiles, the guy looks at his friend “I’m good like that” the beeping continues “Can you, uh, stop that?”
“Now close your eyes sweety, you don’t wanna see this” he says to Tasha “Close your eyes honey” he prepares to shoot when Tasha activates a secret weapon on her armor and cuts his arm off, he is shocked so it's easy for her to just toss him aside
After Nat practically drags Tasha to take a nap with her, Bruce makes dinner, everything is peaceful with a bit of banter and teasing between the genius and Clint, it's nice. Then, JARVIS talks to them
“We can’t find Steve” Tasha almost crashes the car, but she manages to control it at the last second
“Sort of”
“I do! I understood that reference!” Steve looks downright proud and Tasha has to ground herself so she doesn’t squeal again, Captain America looked so adorable that her fangirl-o-meter is going out of the roof, she rolls her eyes at her own thoughts, but with a fond smile set in place.
“You know damn well why! Now back off!” he doesn’t mean the harsh tone on his voice but he’s starting to feel very irritated for some reason, Tasha comes face to face with the Cap and tilts her head letting her hair to fall over her shoulder
“That... was your fault, you spazzed me out” she takes her jacket and baseball cap “Back to business, where were we?” she sniffs “About the guy that died, relatives? Mom? Mrs. Davis, where is she?” she asks a little more urgently that she initially intends, but she whishes to change the subject as soon as possible
“Sorry” Banner sheepishly apologizes
“It’s his M.O isn’t it? I mean what are we, a team? No, we’re a chemical mixture that makes chaos, we’re... we’re a time-bomb” Banner looks frustrated each second
“I’ve seen worse” Nat adds without thinking
“And he didn’t invite me” she says mocking offense but still flying to him
In which Tasha is the knight in shining armor... and Steve is the damsel in distress
“Uh-huh, whatever you say” the kid goes next to MARK XLII “What happened to him?”
“You know what? You should take more of an interest in what’s going on here, she is your best friend and the best thing that ever happened to us and you're just ignoring her”
He can hear someone climbing the stairs to where he is, he stands up and looks, at the end of the bridge is Killian
“I’m the best” she smugly says before an armor piece ricochets to her back, knocking her down and dislodging her new suit. She groans
Is when Fury reaches him, asking for help to recover the same weapon Howard Stark fished out from the ocean while looking for him: the Tesseract. Honestly, they should have let it there. He would go of course, if the world needed him again.
“Dr. Banner, now might be a really good time for you to get angry”
“Yeah? And when was the last time you got a good night’s sleep? Huh? When you got one of those” Tasha tches and pouts
so I'm pretty excited. Thank you for following this story and all your kudos and comments
Everyone in the debrief room has a look of numb shock in their faces, Tasha is out of her armor, her head resting in her holding hands and her mind running a mile per hour, she struggles to summary all the variables after seeing the footage of the different rooms
“That’s not what I meant and-”
By the time Rhodey, Tasha, Nat, and Clint arrive, Coulson has all the guards contained plus an almost drunk, and most likely drugged, Trevor ‘The Mandarin’ in custody. As soon as everyone is there, the interrogation begins
“I know people who are worth ten times you, I’ve seen the footages, you only fight for yourself, not the kind to make sacrifice play or to lay down on a wire and let the other crawl over, you are just an immature wannabe hero!” he doesn’t mean that (honest to god that he doesn't think that, at all), but the words are out before he can stop them. The change in her expression is minimal, but still evident for Romanov and Fury who knows her from a long time, for Bruce who has seen her real smile and for Steve who also has see her cute happy face before and is close enough to see the little contractions in her face muscles “I... don’t... I’m so-” His apology is interrupted by Tasha's cold remark
“Guys” Maya speaks from in front of the TV
“I don’t fucking care about your excuses, Natasha Stark is an invaluable asset to this organization, you look for her and find her!”
"That's it! Clint! you are sleeping in the vents!" the tiny adorable genius pouts and Barton side-hugs her this time
“Tasha...” the name leaves a sweet feeling in his mouth “I wanted to... apologize, for what I said before, I don’t know what... I just... It’s not true okay? You are great, a genius and a hero” he says fighting the blush that creeps in his neck for having a pair of big chocolate eyes looking at him intently
“All right, I’m gonna give you a chance to escape, put down your weapons, tie yourselves, I’ll let you live... in five... four... bang! There! You should be gone by now”
“Tash you copy me?”
“Why? For believing?” he scowls, he can't help it, even back in the 40's he hated it when someone badmouthed about the men that were giving his lives in duty, even if he knows that Tasha isn't saying it with that intention
“Sweetheart, that could be the name of my autobiography" then she exist the building and takes cover behind an old stove. Just as see thinks she is free, she hears the metal crackling, the city water tank bending dangerously towards her, the glowing orange man next to it. Tasha doesn’t stops to look and keeps running between Christmas trees, she reaches a dead end and promptly falls before feeling the water trash her. She coffs and tries to dislodge her foot from a piece of debris, fortunately, she is not hurt, only soaked and trapped. She hears Harley’s strain voice
What's the Avengers without Budapest, am I right?
“Stark...” Is that moment when the engine in the Hellicarrier explodes and everyone inside the lab is thrown at every direction, Steve helps Tasha, getting a sniff of her perfume and feeling the softness of her body, leaving him lightheaded for a minute. Tasha isn’t better, getting to feel up close and personal 70 years of well-built muscles, a blush spreads in her face, rivalry momentarily forgotten; she feels a shyness she hasn’t felt since her years with Ty. “I’ll take your offer, put on the suit” the captain says as they leave the half-destroyed lab
“Yeah, looks like we are going to have to teach you how to use your pad again” she giggles and walks to the other side of the workshop “So what are you doing really? Are you still harassing interns? Did the employers complaint raised again?”
For a minute it was going to be angsty... but then MCU feels happened  :v
"Rogers!" Nat's voice grounds him "Listen to me, this is important! Is the arc reactor glowing?" she asks in a demanding and urgent tone
“The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that. What have I to fear?” his amused tone and smile irks Tasha a little too much and to stop herself from doing something stupid, like throwing the entire bottle of good, expensive alcohol to him, she drinks the entire glass, then, she serves herself another one
“10,000 feet” she calculates the distance between the others and grabs them “6,000 feet”
“Tasha you copy that?!” Fury voice sounds strained
“Excuse me, Miss, I don’t know who...” she turns and makes a 'shhh' motion and gives her best press smile “Mom I need to call you back something magical is happening” the man sings as has the look of a fan-girl “Tasha Stark is in my van” he says too excitedly
“And why’s that?” Steve stand defensively
“Yeah I saw that a while ago” she sends him a look he can’t decipher, he must seemed confused cause she makes a motion and her AI starts the TV right in one of the many interviews the news did to the survivors of the alien invasion, there's a young woman who he thinks was at the bank when he save it
“It’s just like old times huh?” Tasha snorts
“Sorry, I didn’t expect you guys to return so quickly, I was actually planing the trip to get my oder armors and some new parts from a month now, and I already finished MARK XLII so it’s the perfect time...” Steve nods, then, the perfect idea occurs to him
This chapter is from Steve's POV (or something like that) anyway, enjoy!
“Oh my god! Tasha Stark?!” the voices around her turn louder in the attempt of reaching her
“No one even thought you might be Iron Man? That’s cold”
see you at the next one!
“Working on it, Miss, this is a prototype” she climbs the structure with bullets ricocheting everywhere, she sees her piano falling and takes the opportunity, she lets herself to slide down and fires her repulsors to the piano at the exact same time to send it flying to the nearest helicopter, it takes it down
“And they accepted, so jolly green, make sure you are back by then” Banner smiles
(See the end of the chapter for
“And there’s one other person you pissed off! The son of Coul sends his regards” she deadpans and fires at Loki, sending him on his ass
“We? That doesn’t sound like you, who is we anyway?”
“Hello?” he calls
"Beautiful, right?" a known voice talks next to him, Bruce is wearing a more casual black suit, he is not that comfortable in this kind of parties and tends to only stay a few hours before retiring to either his lab or the hulk room, depending on how the night unfolds. Steve nods, not taking his eyes off her, the way she talks, she politely laughs and makes conversation, only enough so they decide to donate money or invest, whatever the genius' goal is "No one here could imagine her working non stop for days trying to fix EXTREMIS so the few kids that survived the fight can have a better life" there's a little of spite on Banner's voice that makes Steve turn to him
Which is why she's at their door, wondering for a bit if he would be happy to see her, if it's okay for her to invade their privacy. She knocks anyway, the anxiety to see if he and Nat are fine stronger than her doubts. Nat opens and lets her in, Clint is sitting in a small bed, he looks at her and tries to smile but he falls short, Tasha's heart breaks a little at the sight
“So... it’s not a bomb... it’s a misfire... yet... you sold it to the mandarin didn’t you? I see you... I see you” Tasha smirks in satisfaction, she has them.
“I have an idea”
“I gave a speech? How was it?” her words are slurred by all the alcohol she had in the last three hours
"I do... but I don't think you'd like it"
“And you don’t want to be treated like a kid. That snooping Stark”
“And the password if you are so kind”
“I said, let her go”
’ it’s the last thing she thinks before everything fades into black.
“It’s a scientist that says she knows you” Tasha scrunches her nose adorably
' Rhodey thinks rolling his eyes
“What can I say? I’m a piping hot mess okay?” Pep looks at her barely containing her worry causing the genius to sigh “It’s been going on for a while, I admit that”
“Hey Toni” Pepper greets the genius that’s working hard on her desk
Steve watches as Tasha flies the missile with a feeling of dread, she is so young, she doesn’t deserve this, he doesn’t want her to do this, he wants to keep seeing those beautiful chocolate eyes, that little energy she showed at the lab, he hasn’t even had the chance to draw her or get to know her better. A weight is clutching his heart, he has to blink back some tears as he continues to fight aliens. Suddenly all the Chitauri soldiers and Leviathans keel over and begin to shake, then stop and fall over. She made it, Tasha saved them, Steve smiles just a little, hoping that this is a true victory and she comes soon to them. The Avengers looks at the portal begging for their little genius to return, slowly, oh so slowly, Steve Rogers counts to 15, even to 20 seconds, Thor and himself see as the supernova threatens to pass through the hole, they have to stop it before it can cause damage to the city. Captain America makes the choice
“You are late” she tells her friend and co-avenger
“As a team” it's Steve simple answer because they have to stop them, they have to defend New York, they have to save the Earth
“No, they didn’t, look around you, the costumes, green screen... honestly, I wasn’t on location for half this stuff, and when I was, it was movie magic, love”
“The Oracle cloud has completed analysis, accessing satellites and plotting the last 12 months of thermogenic occurrences now” in the map, a lot of temperatures spikes raises
at her “What? Oh come on Rhodey, there have been a lot of presidents and there’re more to come... but there’s only one super soldier that can save us from aliens in sexy spandex” she all but whines
“Look... about what happened... I’m sorry okay? I was a kid, I was drunk, and look... as a personal favor, you should be grateful nothing happened cause I was kind of illegal back then, so hey! No hard feelings right?”
“Oh, you mean Sir Laurence Oblivier? Yeah, quite a contrast actually, just the perfect individual for you to manipulate as much as you want” she deadpans
"Oh, you bet! And just you want 'till we tell both Pepper and Rhodey about this, assuming they don't know already, this is going to be soo fun, you are going to be in soo much trouble!" the archer teases her
“Oh, evening sir, nice to see the man of the hour in time for the show” the armor retreats showing the president “Welcome aboard, have you ever hear about an elephant graveyard? Well, two years ago, the elephant in the room was this scow” Killian shows him the footage of the ship
“Do not touch me again!” he roars
“Oh what can I say? Rhodey, my love, I’m weak for men in spandex” he can hear her smug grin all the way to the midle East
This is the end, thank you everyone :3
“You don’t remember” the woman chuckles bitterly “Why am I not surprised?”
“Yeah... who might that be?” she innocently says “It’s not the ‘80s, nobody says hack anymore granpa” she snorts
“Then no, you’ll have the advantage of a more accurate countability” she explains as she fires the invaders
“Iridium, what did they need the Iridium for?” she hears Dr. Banner ask and takes that as her entering cue
“JARVIS, where’s my flight power?” she demands
“Your... what?”
“I’m cold” he whispers
“Have you checked the telomerase algorithm?” Natasha says before she is tackled by her ‘bodyguard’
Tasha has been driving on the highway for more than an hour when she starts reading the file, she tosses it downwards feeling the weight on her shoulders, she has to stop them, she has to avenge Happy and to stop more people from being in that same situation, she sighs and when she looks at the papers again is when it clicks... the marker letters don’t spell MIA, it spells AIM as in the same company that remodel the Iron Patriot suit.... how could she missed that? She takes her phone and calls Rhodey
“Yeah, took us a while to get any traction I’ll give you that one” Tasha drinks half of the second glass and continues “But... let’s do a head count here: Your brother, the handsome and sparkly demi-god; the dreamy super-soldier, a living legend who lives up to it; an amazing man with breath-taking anger management issues; a couple of master assassins, a gorgeous genius, and you, big fella, you’ve managed to piss off every single one of us”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well that sounds exhausting” she makes a mocking pout and continues with the business talk “The rest of the materials Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily, only major component he still needs is a power source, it would have to be a high energy density, something to kick start the cube”
“It’s just a role, ‘The Mandarin’ you see? It’s not real, I’m here because I had a little problem with, um, substances, and I ended up doing things, no two ways about it in the street, that a man shouldn’t do... then they approached me about the role, and they knew about the drugs, they said they’d give me more and they did! They gave me things, they gave me this place, they gave me plastic surgery, they gave me things...” the man doze off and Tasha rolls her eyes, out of everything she had thought about the terrorist, this is the last she expects, she kicks his feet “And the thing was, he needed someone to take credit for some accidental explosions” she grits her teeth
“Go get Banner, I’ll go first, let’s kick their asses pure Avenger's style, shall we?”
“Honestly, I hate working here, they are so weird” he says before running, Tasha walks to the exit when the last of her armor joins her
“Well that settles it, Steve is going to go with Stark so he can take care of any difficulty she might came across with” Tasha just. Gapes. At. Them. While Steve looks oh so smug about it.
“Oh my god” Rhodey whispers, he turns to Tasha “He’s strung up over the oil tanker... they’re gonna light him up, Jesus”
“Screw you spangles, I was worried sick, you owe me a dinner” is it weird that Steve’s heart flutters in that same moment despite everything?
“It’s just... Sunday nights. PBS. Downton Abbey” she looks at the unconscious man in the bed, it breaks her heart seeing her dear friend that has been taking care of her since she was 15 like that “That’s his show, he thinks it’s elegant” she makes a pause, before turning to see Happy’s nurse “One more thing, make sure everyone wears their badges, he’s a stickler for that sort of thing... plus my guys won’t let anyone in without them” she gets out of the room and looks the horde of reporters outside the main entrance, she really doesn’t want to deal with them right now, being as upset as she is, there's almost a 90% chance she is going to do something stupid. She can even hear them all the way inside the hospital's lobby
“Is this the first time you see a soldier fall?” he asks quietly, not wanting her to storm out as she did before in the debrief room, but he can relate, he saw Bucky fell, after all, the wound was still there, so he wants her to know that she's not alone, she can share her pain with him, he can understand. Tasha sends him an odd look, not at all what he expected
Looking at the ceiling, he has enough time to think about what he overheard before dinner, and about said party itself. It was the Avengers' Christmas party, Steve was looking out for a very, very drunk Natasha Stark that had taken on herself the task of flirting with every person that allows her to, which meant absolutely everyone. In a moment the drunk genius had looked at him with intensity and kissed him, softly at first but a bit more rough after
“You are a tin, I mean, your helmet is a tin can, kind of a shell really, so.... shellhead” that prompted a good laugh out of the young Stark
“In Switzerland” Tash corrects after she remembers Pepper “This week” she adds for dramatism
“Sorry, not feeling quite well kids, I’ll... give Iron Man your regards” and she stomps to the alley exit, pushing the other customers, she just want to get out, because there’s not enough air, she’s back at the wormhole, back at the space and it’s cold, she is surrounded by monsters and she can’t breath and she can’t just stop shaking. When she gets to the back alley, she stammers to the Iron Man suit parked in the shadows, she can’t get there faster, and she is going to choke, it doesn’t matter that she’s on earth, the air is not enough and she can’t breath and she is going to die and....
“I might have contributed with that” Tasha defends her former partner
“Yeah, not even my repulsor could do anything to it” Tasha adds
“You're not the person that called me after all, are you?” Tasha tilts her head
B) First AO3 post fic
“Yes and I’m not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy. I’d like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction"
“Too fast... nothing” she stands again but this time only letting her eyes peek, there are at least a dozen soldiers who, Tasha can bet, are EXTREMIS’ users, also a lot of guards “Orange glowing soldiers, and armed guards, I don’t doubt there’re more of those human walking bombs based on what Maya said” Rhodey and Tasha stand, they are surrounded
“Of course, I wouldn’’t miss it for anything” the tiny genius beams at him again
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry Hap, I only see you watching them, flip the screen and then we can get started”
“Uncle Fury, as much as I like you, I don’t really trust that much in spies and right now I have a lot on my plate” the girl made a pause, she didn't mention that she would rather talk to aunt Peggy before making any decision “I can be a consultant if you like”
“Aldrich Killian, seriously? How do you even know about him? Are you checking on me?” Pepper mocks indignation
“Doesn’t matter, if he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract’s lost along with Barton and Selvig!” Tasha turns and gets ready to jump off the jet
“I will roger that” she smiles bemusedly, she does so and leads towards tight corners in Hawkeye's view, who fires arrow upon arrow, exploding the Chitauri riders, Iron man keeps leading Chitauri under tunnels, through open parking garages until she looks back and there’s none left “Nice call” she says blasting more aliens that are in the ground “Hey, this is getting old, lets make a bet”
"Hey Spangles!" he looks to the sports car that drove next to him, a genius that looks far too young to be driving grins to him "Follow us, you have your designated suit as well!"
“I’m not a tech genius like you, I don't know how to do that, but just trust me, get down here and help me”
Inside, Natasha falls and rolls to the window once more, she grabs an iron support just in time as her feet hit the window, shattering it, she pushes herself up and rests against it
Steve looks at both geniuses talking their mouths off about proyects, experiments, and overall science and can’t stop the fond smile forming on his lips, Nat's looking the same and even if Clint groans about the most boring orgy ever, the smile he has on his face said how pleased he is to be back in the Avengers Tower, Steve as well is glad to be back home, it's going to be a good day.
“You are not the Mandarin... are you? Are you?” Tasha looks at her suspiciously
“I... no, I... why would you?...” his babbles is interrupted by her delighted laugh
“I don’t know about that yet, but it is powered by the cube, and I’d like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys”
“Guys! Come see this!” Clint and Nat look at each other, they put the jet in autopilot and go to the back, where Bruce is seeing the footage of Tasha’s Stark house being attacked by missiles that some brave reporter took from a nearby cliff
"A plan that doesn't involve us dying or getting hurt?"
“Yeah” she deadpans “Think about it as if your older sister moved out, it always happens, not that I have any actual siblings to know but... yeah” she makes a pause then realization cames “Wait you’re guilt-tripping me, aren’t you?” Harley makes a total fake sad face and total fake childish voice
“I’ve told you, Killian, we can use her, look, if we want to launch product next year I need Stark, she just lacked a decent incentive, now she has one” Steve glares at both feeling as if he is going to black out, he doesn’t know what the serum is made of, but it’s damn strong if it can knock him out as it does seconds later
“Itsy bitsy spider climbed up the water spout” she sings
“Don’t take it personally, I don’t remember what I had for breakfast” she deadpans
“Don’t worry kid, it ain’t your fault.... remember what I told you about bullies?” she nods to him hopping the kid knows what to do, he does and flashes the light beacon right into the thug’s face “You like that Westworld?” she calls at him so he can let Harley go “That’s the thing about smart people... we always cover our ass” she says as she powers up and fires right at his face a little repulsor, knocking him off.
“You are going to be like that? You know well the reason why I-”
“The gigantic wormhole in New York, does it remind you? Do you think the aliens are coming back?”
“Two or three bowls”
“It’s not backup, it’s babysitting” he teases, the genius just gaps
“The Lever! NOW!” is all what Tasha can say before being caught in one of the rotors. The suit gets chewed up and she lets out a tiny but painful yelp. Steve pulls himself up and, evading a man shooting him, finally pulls down the lever, Natasha’s safety being the one thing that impulses him. In the corner of his eye, he can see the Iron man suit head his way, the last man standing fires at the armor and gets tackled by it. Tasha opens the face plate and rolls over, tired.
“Sometimes there isn’t a way out, Tash” he takes her hand and kisses the little wounds there, Natasha sees him with a pained look. Steve really wants to take away all her suffering, she is a 20-year-old for god’s sake! she should be optimistic and full of hope for the future (even he was like that and he didn’t know whether he was going to live for the next day with all his diseases and with what the were living in the war), she definitely shouldn’t have the tired look in her eyes, one Steve desesperately wants to make better, he knows it isn’t his place though “You can talk to him after all is over, right now we’ve got to put that aside and get this done, Now Loki only needs a power source, we can put over a list, check most likely places where he-”
“Don’t get into trouble Happy, or then Pepper is definitely going to be mad at you” she takes a white wine bottle, thinking if Steve would like it, she looks at her friend with melancholic “I miss you Happy”
