“Yeah, I really did.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good,” Natasha said. “Had us worried.”
Steve was soon to follow.
“Damn it Tony.”
Because in that moment with everyone laughing and tugging at one another, he knew not one of them would survive without the other. They had all become a part of the community of loved ones, a family.
He had to clean up even just a little bit. He didn’t want to come see Tony and smell like quite literally blood, sweat, and tears. So he resolved to check on Tony briefly to let him know he was there, take a quick shower, and then return to wherever Tony was.
“Alright and here are some wristbands,” Tony told Natasha holding her a bag of wristbands. “Every group has a different color. And since I knew that this would likely happen I have saved the black wristbands for you all.”
“Tony’s boyfriend Ryder has been staying with him for the past few months. He’s an old college friend of Tony’s.”
Tony didn’t need to answer for the question to become apparent. Steve sat up, still holding onto Tony’s hand. Tony tilted his face downward, hoping not to give way to how utterly despondent he was feeling at the moment. However, Steve knew most of his tells by now and so he simply brought Tony closer to him, leaning his back against Steve’s chest.
He had said that sometimes it was just hard for him to keep his emotions bottled in and he had tried for three days. That was much longer than what he would have usually done. He looked at his phone and realized that Ryder had tried calling him, but Tony didn’t feel like answering.
“Oh! It all makes sense now. Oh, ew,” Karen finally said.
He spoke through gesticulated hands and body movement. He used his words as his defense. But he couldn’t here. He couldn’t call upon his armor.
“Steve are you sure you want to leave, no regrets?”
Michelle smiled cheekily. “You know me so well.”
“You hurt me you know.”
“Well, it seems as though my boyfriend can answer his phone,” Ryder snidely answered back. “You’ve been ignoring my phone calls. Look I know you have every right to not talk to me for like a day, but two days? Come on Tony act your age. And that whole you’re sick bull shit was cute. Tell Peter I’ll be looking for his Golden Globe nomination.”
He walked in so fast, he barely missed tripping on a lump on the floor. He would have mistaken it for just a few blankets tossed on the ground, if it weren’t for the quiet ouch coming from underneath it.
“Was a beautiful moment. And it brought us closer together, didn’t it Tony?”
“And I also saw that. Like I said you’re just a child,” Natasha said leaning back and pulling Tony slightly into her.
“But you’re a part of his circle,” Steve grit out still holding Miriam by the lapels of her jacket. “I do not have time to be playing this game with you.”
And for once, he thought he could keep this, keep them. For once, he felt what it could possibly be like to have this group of wonderful people who he has grown with and has fought beside, be his family.
When he went outside, he was met with Fury leaning against the brick wall. He was about to question why this secrecy, before Fury narrowed his eye.
Tony sighed aloud. “I know, which is why after this I’m taking him to the park so he can run off some of his energy. I mean we’ll probably stop to get something to eat because it’ll probably be Miles’ lunch time and I know Peter will probably be hungry.”
Steve reached out to place his hand atop of hers, giving it a squeeze before placing it back onto his lap. “That’s truly great Bekah. I know Harley will be truly excited to have you back home.”
“Sure, spider baby,” the voice laughed.
Whelp, that was one way to rip the Band-Aid off. Tony tried to stop the incoming trembling of his fingers, by putting them in his jean pockets. He swallowed the giant lump that had somehow appeared in his throat.
Steve was taken aback by the foul nature of the young boy’s mouth and told him so. The boy frowned. “Are you serious? You can’t just come in my room and start trying to be some type of…some…get the hell out!”
With promises of coming back tomorrow the two began to leave. He stopped Peter just before he left, “And Uncle Tony sounds good, kid.”
Tony shuffled him back onto his bed and pulled the covers over him. Miles easily went back to sleep and Tony stayed for a second longer, before he decided that he could go back to bed.
“That good for you sweetheart?” Steve murmured.
“What? I’m trying to get Happy to pull the car up front so we can grab some things from the Tower to pack and then we can head to the airport. Do I need to bring something to your parent’s? Like are they wine lovers or flower types?”
Tony’s eyes softened. “Suppose we both are.”
“And you thinking to yourself,” Ryder’s voice grew to a faint whisper, “whether you had gotten it all wrong.”
Tony's talk will happen in 3 parts. This is "The Talk" Pt. 1. I would like to say it won't be as heart-wrenching as the "I apologize in advance for any tears shed" series, but ummm...
“You know how Steve doesn’t like bullies. Let’s just say when he got like this, 9 times out of 10 he ended up knocking somebody’s light out.”
“So today I asked Julia out to the spring dance next month and she said yes. I got a 100 on my group presentation. I’m fairly certain I may finally be passing English lit. Oh and they served burgers today at lunch. And last but not least dad…today is the greatest day for you like ever…well besides the day you adopted me and Miles,” Harley rushed out. “But seriously Julia said yes guys.”
“Pre-serum?” Clint questioned.
Ryder’s eyes grew closed off and his expression hardened at Tony’s statement. He nodded his head a few times to himself, reaching a conclusion. Ryder stood up and took his phone out of his jacket pocket. He looked down at it and the light illuminated his facial features.
Seeing how far they’d come since the end of that Civil War and Accords fiasco mixed with Ryder…to now being able to sit opposite one another and confide in each other was a nice change.
Tony stilled at the touch and tightened his eyes to the point where it hurt. His lips trembled with the need to chatter his teeth from the cold just radiating in the room. Ryder’s touch was hot against his skin, but sent a shiver throughout his body.
“I’m sure he would be much better at this than I am. Look I’m saying this all to say, it’s going to be hard losing someone you love, but you’ll have memories that you can look back on. You’ll be able to live for your mom. Don’t stop seeing her because of what some doctor said. She isn’t gone yet. Spend as much time as you can with her.”
“What is here exactly?” Tony said with a hoarse voice.
Thor turned to Sam in fake anger, nodded his head twice solemnly. Then he turned to Tony. “Excuse me, Tony. It seems that I must avenge my tower.”
“Who said it can’t happen?” Rhodey questioned.
“Isn’t it though. Look at me and tell me honestly that you never loved me,” Ryder said smugly. “In all that pain, there was pleasure mixed in it. Happiness, even. You were always so soft and kind for me. Can’t claim you’re a victim, if you love me.”
“Children, children. Stop, fighting. And Marley stop trying to aggravate Kevin. We all know that Kevin didn’t wet the bed” Karen said. “Now may we please say our apologies and hug.”
Tony gulped.
“Is he dead?” came Tony’s voice, scratchy from either misuse or tiredness.
Steve didn’t either telling Bucky or Clint why he was moving toward her. The guards greeted him.
“I couldn’t keep those ties with him and so I let him go. I didn’t keep up with him and I wanted to forget that he was ever related to me. I mean…I obviously wished that he would get well, but I didn’t care for him to get well near me. So when I was old enough I went to Sweden and created a new life for myself.”
Steve said thank you once more, before wishing that Mr. Moore enjoyed the rest of his day and he left.
Natasha grit her teeth together and remained silent as she went to fix herself something to eat. Anger simmered in her body and she just knew that if she said something right now it wouldn’t get across. She stuffed a piece of bread in her mouth and hoped that it would help her not to say something she’s been wanting to say to Clint. Yet maybe it was time for her to finally say something.
Sam nodded. “True.”
Natasha angrily marched toward Steve. Fire settled deep in her cheeks as she raised her hand. Steve prepared himself for Natasha’s hit and prayed that for once it really truly hurt. He was disappointed, when she made no movement. He watched as she shook her head at him portraying her disappointment and grief over his actions.
And he deserved that.
Peter nodded. “Okay, well that’s good.”
“But I hope that when the day, mercy finally grants you the chance to die, you are welcomed into the arms of something greater than hell,” Tony said, fingernails clutching so tightly into the chin of Ryde that beads of blood streamed down.
Tony tilted his body in an awkward fashion to lean over Steve and brush aside a few stray hairs that were clinging to Steve’s forehead. He let his fingers linger then slowly move to trace his lips that had parted.
“Why? You like sweetheart better? Darlin’? Light of my world? Babe?”
Fuck, he should have looked closer. Should have known something wasn’t right.
Isak tilted his head and laughed. “Are you kidding me? Look, I’m sorry Ryder. I sure that you hoped for some happy reunion, but today was honestly not the day to do this. If you had called earlier, I could have schedule a day where you could visit.”
“And the nurse there…or at least the semblance of a nurse will give you a pill every day. It is your option to take this pill. But know the pill can have two separate effects. One can cure you completely of everything that I inflicted on you. The other could automatically kill you on the spot. Either way, you won’t know because they look identical,” Tony smirked.
Isak heaved a breath. “Guess I didn’t make the search hard enough.”
Steve didn’t stop, but continued to push Tony higher. Tony’s fingers seized movement on the back of Steve. He only continued to grasp onto him tightly, legs falling apart on the bed from where they once wrapped itself on Steve’s waist.
Harley followed without question, but Peter was slow to follow. “No, I’m not leaving I can help!”
“Yeah, Bucky I am,” Steve lied.
Part 2: 1/10 (Wed)
“No sweetheart no fruit snakes today,” Tony said pushing the cart away from the temptation.
“Long story.”
“No problem,” Steve said before disconnecting the phone.
Bruce had somehow managed to not Hulk out, during the whole interrogation. Part of it was Natasha’s tight grasp on his hands. He had to take a few calming breaths to keep himself rooted in the room and not to where Ryder was. He had done his part in providing the two pills for Tony to mix in Ryder’s drink.
Even with the room being dark it seemed to only grow darker. He felt like he wasn’t there in his body. He felt disjointed and fragmented from himself. He had no control. He couldn’t even allow himself to let the tears fall from his eyes.
“I cannot believe this,” Tony said. “I am hurt, right here in my chest.”
Why going to take your girlfriend on a date? Finally admitting that your legs aren’t the only thing getting stretched out.
, he thought to himself.
“I gave him Tony’s schedule. I informed him of everything about how you all disbanded and helped him see that he could finally get the form of vengeance he had been seeking. I told Ryder that you all were on his tail, all the same time that you were coming to get Tony. I was the reason Ryder was able to leave and kill Isak. I’m the reason a mother is a widow and her children are fatherless now.”
He was going to say goodbye to Ryder, but Ryder had already fallen asleep. Tony softly exited his room and closed the door gently behind him. He sent out a quick message to Happy to tell him he would be downstairs soon and wondered briefly if Happy had some other place to be before Tony had texted him.
Steve squared his shoulder and looked away from her. He clenched his jaw. “This needs to happen for Tony to understand. If he realizes that this negatively affects him, then he’ll reject the Accords. He always looked out for himself. I’m just disappointed I didn’t try Clint’s way before.”
He had called on himself to think about that sonnet his mom had imparted upon him. After that day with his thoughts of his mother and her wisdom on love surged through his mind, that sonnet had stayed with him. It was something that encourage him even now as he looked back at the
“You know they’re probably plotting against the both of you as you take your break,” Tony told them with an eyebrow raised. “Natasha probably began thinking of this as soon as she asked you both to join her group Wise up boys.”
Peter and Tony continued talking for a few more minutes. Then a moment of comfortable silence settled between the two. Both watched as Miles and a few other kids indulged in playing a game of tag. Peter leaned back into the bench and chewed on his bottom lip. He side-eyed Tony and wondered if he should say what he’s been wanting to say for a while.
“Sure you wouldn’t,” Steve said.
Tony watched on as Steve, with careful care, bandaged his hands.
Tony pulled back and waved a finger at the two of them. “Put on a nice suit, huh? You two knew? Of course you did, you all were acting far too strange.”
“I’m going to call the hotel and see if they know if Tony left yet,” Pepper announced as she walked a few feet away.
Fuck, self-incriminating. Steve knew.
Tony looked away, then back to Steve testing the honesty in his expression. Steve probably didn’t mean what he was saying. The nurses probably told them all to be nice to the patient and not to rile him up so much. It was all conditional.
Steve stepped forward. “Sure, you just have to get it around the bottle?”
Tony was about to say something, but Ryder’s harsh fingers entering his already abused hole cut off his words. Ryder drew his fingers back and kissed Tony firmly on the mouth.
Tony frowned. “Yes, that was very nice.”
“Tony I can’t handle it okay! I can’t handle your nightmares and knowing that you’re broken because of me,” Steve exclaimed loudly, interrupting Tony midsentence.
“So I never thought I would see him again. But then toward the end of my first semester I did.”
Tony didn’t know what was happening. Ryder had never been so careful with him. Tony didn’t want to say anything to break this softness, this hesitance of touch and safety. Ryder ran his fingers through Tony’s hair that was beginning to curl at the nape of his neck.
But quite possibly, the more days spent like this surrounded by the people he loved this fear would diminish. And he was looking forward to seeing the others come to the Tower. He had always promised Karen and the children there that they would visit.
“What?” he forced out, before he was even able to filter himself.
“If only I could make the days go faster,” Clint hissed. “Sorry, Tony.”
“Peter I have told you mean time you don’t have to refer to me as Mr. Stark. You can call me Tony, the ultimate superhero, or even the greatest genius of all time,” Tony suggested.
“You think my mom will be mad at me for not visiting her lately?” Harley questioned instead.
“Pepper I can’t,” Tony brokenly whispered. “I can’t do that to Ryder. He’s been there for me, when no one else was. I was alone and he was here. I can’t just drop him. I can’t.”
“Would you like for me to place this as a top priority sir?”
Tony was surprised with how easily Miles’ forgiveness came, but Tony was not the one to take this for granted. So he grabbed the blue crayon Miles gave him and rested his back against the wall as Miles sat on his lap. Miles placed the coloring book on his lap and told Tony where he wanted him to color.
“You didn’t even ask us. You just assume we want to go,” Clint mumbled now trying to get the remote from Bucky.
She looked at him in a concerned manner and he tried waving of the concern. “Tony,” she mumbled settling down her briefcase and taking out the Accords. “What happened?”
Loki nodded in agreeance to the statement.
Clint and Bucky looked at each other noting the mysteriousness in Steve’s statement. The two walked alongside Steve until they reached a small store that looked like it had been renovated from an old house building. Steve walked up the steps leading to a front porch and opened the door.
“No, you’ve apologized to Laura. You have not apologized to Tony and frankly if I am being honest Clint Tony is the reason you are able to still get in contact with your wife,” Natasha said heatedly. “And I am not saying this to guilt you into an apology. If that’s the case, I don’t want you apologizing. It has to be sincere. However, I will say this I have never been so disappointed in your behavior these past few weeks in regards to Tony.”
Steve shook his head. “That’s not what I’m doing at all. I’m just saying you deserve so much more Tony. You deserve everything good in this world. I just want to be with you on that journey. I want to be the one to take you out on dates and listen to you switch from topics within seconds. I want to be the one who always brings you food, when you’ve worked yourself too hard and forget to take care of yourself. I want to be the one that makes you want to take a break from the lab because the place you find in my arms is better. Or maybe I want to be the one who loves you so hard and so passionately, that you won’t have problems falling to sleep.  ”
He turned the bracelet in his hand and then smiled briefly. The smile was tired, but there was something of a yearning in his expression.
“I’m actually surprised I have some concealer left, seeing as though a certain someone has been stealing mine,” Natasha said raising an eyebrow. “If you wanted to play in my make-up you could have just asked.”
Steve pulled him closer. Tony ignored the burning in his throat. He wished he could go back and tell himself not to fall in love with Ryder. He wanted to save himself from the heartbreak and maybe knock some sense into his naïve brain for falling for anything that Ryder said…much like he had done even when he got older.
Isak sat up straight, as though a string was pulling him upright. He tilted his head to the side, left and then right. A flicker of regret crossed his features and then pulled tight into discomfort. He made a clicking noise with his tongue against the back of his teeth.
You know what let's continue the trend of just pure light goodness. So here's another chapter of just that...before we begin the "I apologize in advance for many tears shed" 3 part series beginning in Ch. 11 (give or take a chapter).
“I like them. They’re very informative,” Steve replied.
Tony knew he was outnumbered, but that didn’t stop him from punching Ryder. He felt great delight in how Ryder’s head recoiled at the punch, but didn’t feel great satisfaction at the stinging in his own check thereafter.
Tony began to sit up.
“Calm down Cap. I was going to say organic apples. Get your mind out of the gutter,” Tony laughed. “But I mean the other wasn’t wrong either.”
“So what changed? What made him go from that to killing your whole family,” Steve proclaimed.
Clint was arguing that it had been caused, when Tony was testing one of Natasha’s widow bites. Clint was a dirty liar. He knew that wasn’t Tony and that’s why him and Tony were playfully arguing over this hole that no one had even given mind to, despite it being three years old. He wondered why they never had it fixed.
Now…those dreams were still there as were the occasional happy ones, but sometimes the bad ones would creep in.
“How about something light tonight?” Tony suggested.
“I’ll talk to you later. Seems Tony did need protecting from you after all,” Natasha hissed. Natasha followed where Tony had fallen in the hallway.
Sure, he commented him on his body, but after seeing at sometimes made Steve uncomfortable, because for Steve the experiment had still only happened a short while ago and he was having trouble adjusting, Tony had begun complementing him other ways.
“What? Sugar momma. Tony what on earth are you talking about/”
Rhodey turned toward him and questioned, “And how are things going with
Karen laughs softly. “Oh he is too precious. He does realize that the whole group will probably be coming, yes?”
Bucky laughed shortly. “I think so. I mean I’m still doing therapy and then I’ve been keeping up with my B.A.R.F. appointments that I began in Wakanda. So I don’t think it’ll ever be a full recovery, but it’s better than knowing that the Winter Soldier can become activated with a few words.”
The three of them left and still made sure to leave behind a generous tip for Harry. Steve walked in front of them as they left so he could lead them to where they were going next.
“Oh,” Tony said somewhat breathless. “Oh, well that…”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” he said, pressing his face against Steve’s neck. He closed his eyes trying to ignore the pain throbbing in the back of them.
“Umm…no. At least not yet, but that’s okay. They’ll eventually get there. We’ll get there. Why are you asking all these questions? You’ve been cooped up in your house for too long?”
Rhodey looked uneasy and said, “Maybe we wait just a little. Maybe spur of the moment isn’t that great.”
Tony let the lie sink into his ears.
Tears flowed freely down Steve’s cheeks and his lips trembled. “Nat I’ve lost him. I’ve truly lost him.”
Ryder moved his chair closer to Tony. He moved his head to the side, inquisitively. He gave a second pause. It was a second too long because it suddenly had Tony thinking that maybe he had gone too far. Maybe he just shouldn’t have come here and quite possibly they could have found out a way to lock his ass up some other way.
“Yes, I have a meeting that I’ve been pushing off. Pepper’s been scheduling it and I’m just a procrastinator in that regard and fuck Steve,” Tony said at Steve who was now rolling them over and was now settling between Tony’s legs.
“Alright, alright. I won’t bring in Ms. Karen, but you’re going to have to talk to me then. You can’t keep this inside,” Steve told him.
He wished he could take out some of the pleading, but he couldn’t. He didn’t want to be alone in the kitchen right then and there. He just needed the presence of somebody and if that somebody was Steve then so be it.
Well, he didn’t need much words to get his point across. Plus he knew that Ryder would just thrive if he were to engage. His power had often been in his ability of manipulation through language. Of course now he was having to deal with someone who would not so easily be entreated to how masterfully he corrupted the human language.
Steve answered him, “The beginning may be a good place to start.”
“Debatable,” Clint coughed. “Pretty certain Steve cares the most.”
He wiped at his cheeks, a little embarrassed by his display of emotions but looking up at Peter he could see he wasn’t the only one affected by it all.
Of course the cameras never truly get the entire picture.
Turning toward his wife and child, he bid them goodbye and followed his brother outside of the house. Isak slid into the passenger seat and placed on his seatbelt. His fingers shook and he pressed them underneath his thighs to control their tremors. The last time he had been in a car with his brother, it had resulted in the death of his parents and their two younger siblings.
Steve cleared his throat and looked down at Tony with a grandeur of love and affection spilling into the space between them.
Steve shook his head. “I’m the lucky one.”
“And you know that’s all it will ever be, right? A fantasy. People like Steve don’t go after people like you. There’s simply too much of you to handle. You think he likes you because you shared a funnel cake, did some exercise together, and he gave you this bracelet?”
He noted with a rather sudden detachment how the cold that he had gotten rid of not too long ago was now steadily creeping back in, first starting with his trembling fingers.
“Please as if Tony wasn’t going to buy that whole display, if I hadn’t interfered,” Rhodey mumbled.
To hide the grief that you believe is not mine to bear
Thanks to everyone who was so gracious in accepting that I just needed to stop writing this story for a bit. Again my apologies, but I'm very thankful I wrote this in a point in my life where I can be proud of this and not put some half-hearted work.
He turned his attention away as Natasha, with the help of Clint though not really, tried stopping any mischief coming from the two brothers. He was certain Thor probably just wanted more cake, but Loki? Loki could want anything.
“Why?”
What he wanted?
The two children laughed at Tony and shook their heads. Tony tilted his head backward. “That’s it I’m being betrayed by my whole tribe. I give you all my love and as soon as the next bright thing comes along I am pushed to the side.”
Also Tony’s ears felt clogged up and his tongue felt heavy. He wanted to insert a joke and say it was left over from the time he brought a one night stand over and things got a little heated. He didn’t say anything, in fear that his transparency would leak over into his ability to actually lie. He hadn’t wanted to tell them how this huge hole in the wall was from the time Ryder had shoved his body so hard against the wall that his should popped.
“Because if I go to sleep, you’ll disappear,” Tony truthfully answered, sleepiness not allowing him to mask his honesty.
“You’re the one who decided to hit me in the most fucking visible place asshole,” Tony hissed fed up with how Ryder was making it seem as though this was all his fault.
? Tony cried inside his head.
“Water,” Bucky told him.
Miles made a soft gasp as he saw Ryder’s hand barely missing his face. Tony looked down to see that Miles had slowly made his way over to Tony. Miles’ eyes widened in confusion and he turned upward to Tony.
Steve’s lips tilted upward in a scowl.
“No, but I’m getting close. I knew his daughter and she said he’s somewhere in Venezuela. I just need to narrow down on who’s sighted him, but hopefully it should be soon,” she said. “I have to go Ryder will be back soon. But thank you for talking to Tony.”
Steve was completely torn. He didn’t want to bail on the kids, but at the same time Tony had already been left in his room alone for about five minutes and he didn’t really want to extend that time.
Steve shook his head. “No.”
“You can make this accusations all you want, but you have no proof…unless,” Isak sighed. “No, you would never agree to that. I would be of course a fool to think that is possible, but it would ease your worries and allow me to go back home to see my wife of course.”
“Right FRIDAY?” Tony asked again.
Steve immediately thought to separate occasions that said differently. When Miles first came to them talking about that Mr. Mean Bad One, only to realize Tony was experiencing that nightmare because of him. Then when Tony woke up from his nap grasping his chest and looking as though he could hardly breathe. He remembered how Tony had flinched away from his touch. Then at the Gala when Ryder had come to him, while Tony had been calming down a crying Miles, and explained that Tony had a panic attack that took him back to Siberia.
Just as their food was coming, Tony’s phone began to ring. “I thought we were putting our phones on silent,” Ryder commented as he began to cut into his salmon.
“Shut up,” Steve hissed, getting into Ryder’s space.
“It doesn’t matter what I see Mr. Stark,” Cali offered. “I owe debts to the CMPNY, specifically Ryder. I have to do what he instructs.”
“Are you cold?” Ryder questioned again, leaning over to press a kiss against Tony’s eyelids. Ryder shrugged off his jacket and placed it over Tony’s shaking shoulders. “I know you’re awake. You know it hurts me, when you pretend that you’re sleeping. Is my presence truly that displeasing for you? Have I not given you enough food? Have I not made sure that you are bathed?”
“Didn’t know you like Stark so much,” Clint muttered darkly. “Might be why he was the one got to stay here, while we were out in exile. Playing favorites?”
“You all created a royal fucking mess, you know that?” Fury exclaimed in a voice so low that was bridled with anger. “It’s like you all just decided to see how much we can screw things up and had a contest.”
“Yes, I did choose this bowl for a reason,” Steve joked right back.
He turned back to Ryder who was standing in the near distance as though overseeing things. He said to him, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
“No?” Ryder asked amused. “See I believe that you do. And it’s not even just sex, is it? It’s in everything. You want me to take you out to dinner dates and curl my arm around you. You want me to go see movies with you and even invite Miles sometimes. You want me to kiss you gently on your cheek and brush back the hair that is curling against the nape of your neck.”
“What?” he shouted equally as loud as Karen.
Ryder smiled as if content that Steve had finally come to see his side of things.
“The sparks grew rapidly and always seemed to stay rooted in my chest. Oftentimes, I never truly knew how to deal with this feeling. I never put a name to it. In fact I tried pushing it aside so many times I lost count, but some things that you try hiding are the ones that are the most special to rediscover.”
Steve looked down at his clasped hands. “Ryder is his boyfriend. I have to respect their relationship.”
Tony couldn’t allow himself to think of the what- ifs. He had to live with the definite. And it was definite that Ryder was gone and he simply couldn’t hurt him anymore and that…that…
The screams continued. They only seemed to get louder.
It was like someone had dumped his body back into the cold bath water of the room. He felt hands pushing him down, trying to drown him. He pushed aimlessly at them. He could feel them at his shoulder and he twisted, nearly knocking himself down.
“After you messing with his head, before Ultron he probably took preventive measures to make sure it didn’t happen again,” Natasha explained. Then seeing Wanda’s tortured expression, she quickly added, “Don’t feel bad.”
Steve smiled confidently at Ryder as he grew pale. Ryder grit his teeth together. Grinning Steve tilted his head to the side, “Have a goodnight. I’ll let you know when Tony comes back home…or not.”
“I know,” Tony whispered, as if knowing where Steve’s thoughts were.
Despite the genius not being in Wakanda, Tony’s voice would waft in and out the room while the doctors checked his status. He assumed T’Challa had not known at some points Bucky was awake and aware when he was on a conference call with Tony.
“Gee thanks,” Steve teased. “It was just what I was going for. I’ve been training my beard all my life for this moment.”
Her eyes suddenly met his and her gaze lowered.
Steve felt something animalistic in him want to claw itself out and rip his lips off of Tony’s neck. He had no right to feel such a thing. This was Tony’s boyfriend. He didn’t even know that he had growled in the back of his throat and had stepped forward until Bucky had to curl a hand around his wrist.
Rhodey breathed lowly through his nose. “Nah, you know I would never leave you Tony. You’re the best friend I have, besides Pepper. I just saw you shivering and I couldn’t let you be even more uncomfortable than you already are over being in this hospital.”
“Oh, yes Tony. You two are still going strong. I am glad to hear of that,” Miriam said delightedly. “Let me tell you Tony has a good one of his hand. I owe my whole life to this man right here. He saved me and my sister. I’m not sure I would have been in this field, if it weren’t for him.”
But he had to know.
“Stop,” Steve rasped out, the command coming out, before he even thought of it.
So yes, he could clearly see the value in the soundproof rooms now. Because at least now the others couldn’t hear the sobs that wracked outside of Steve’s body as he struggled to breathe against these echoes of the past and the thundering of Tony’s crying of, “No touching. No touching.”
Steve always has a spare dollar for the homeless people he passes by on a run in the morning. He gets really excited when they’re in the park and dogs rush at him, and he turns into a four-year-old, grappling with them on the grass. Sometimes, Tony would wake up, and Steve would just be sitting in an armchair, a sketchbook propped up in his lap, clutching at a charcoal, with that fond, ever-loving look in his eyes. Sometimes, Tony fell asleep in front of the television, and Steve always carried him up to bed and tucked him in.
in juvie’s because she happens to be a pretty white girl. If you or your mother had those crimes listed down, you’d be in prison.”
,” Tony says in a rush, “but I just… I don’t even want to say that I wanted something more, because I didn’t. I just wanted something
“Do we have to?” Maushmi whines.
There’s a dash of furious colour across Steve’s face, bright red against milk-pale skin. “Tony,” he complains.
, you’re tired,” she begs. “You’re tired, and you’re hurt. You need to sleep or–”
“What the fuck is this place?” Tony asks, flatly, turning around to face him.
“Hello?” he says, cautiously, holding himself very tightly together.
The whispers die, of course, because in the end, everyone believes that Grant Rogers deserved his death, after all of the omegas he’d used and abused and hung out to dry ­– the sins rise to the surface, stories of terrible violence, of children that were destroyed in the womb because Grant couldn’t be seen with a bastard child and was determined to bond with an omega of great repute, of poor alphas that were silenced with threats when Grant refused to pay for an omega and instead chose one of the villagers that could not say no.
His father used to do that – he remembers the story, Jarvis told him the story, a diamond bracelet for all of his lovers to commemorate the occasion.
Steve chuckles. “Tony, doll, I grew up in Brooklyn.”
Peter’s brow knits together, and he considers that question for a moment. “What was he like?”
“Well, the two of you have only recently started getting your marriage back on track. I have to ask whether it is wise adding another element to your relationship right now.”
It takes everything in him to not thrust up into that moist heat.
“These things do have an effect on children,” Ms Lewis says, patiently. “I’d just… I’d watch for the signs, and so will I. It’s little things right now, but it could get worse, and it could get better. We’ll just have to take it as it comes. But I would have that talk with your husband. It might be something small that the kids have internalised, and there might actually just be an easy fix.”
James grips him by the waist when he strides out of the closet, pulling him against his lean, hard form, so that he can sniff at his hair.
Wanda makes a face, so he knows he’s hit the nail on the head. “Sam is smart, he’s one of the smartest people that I know,” she begins with so much emotion showing on her face, “but when it comes to his people, his family, those he loves, he takes a lot of shit that he shouldn’t be, you know? That’s what he did with me. He took so much from me, and he didn’t say a word otherwise, didn’t argue, didn’t fight me. He just took it. And then, during one of the fights, I hit him, slapped him across the face.”
Tony has the sudden urge to lung across the table that sits between them and strangle him to death. “You’re an ass,” he says, flatly.
“Do you want to sit down?” James offers.
He drapes it around Tony’s neck.
Tony raises an eyebrow.
Tony jumps at the sudden voice and the heavy form settling on the bench beside him.
The caravan pulls out.
“Well, why not?” Tony demands.
Warnings for this chapter: this chapter is ALL smut, explicit sexual content, dirty talk, sex work fantasy that is really not reflective of what it must be like for sex workers, role play sex, filming during sex, consensual verbal degradation/humiliation, barebacking, lingerie kink.
,” Tony protests. “I had to… I mean, I had to constantly put the moves on you, and you kept treating me like I was your cousin in fucking Victorian times or something, Steve.”
James pinches the bridge of his nose. “I don’t know, I want both,” he complains, pathetically.
“No, I’m curious. Tell me,” he says, sternly.
This chapter continues in the same vein. They will not sort things out yet. This is like Part 2 to their argument, but it gets better in the sense that they actually get some things out, especially Tony.
“-I used to be a slut?” Tony asks, dryly.
“Tony, do you accept that you were wrong to lie to Steve too? About your unhappiness, about your relationship with James, about what you were doing with him?”
Tony lets out a low moan of pain, when Steve presses down.
. There was no way I could’ve known that he was going to pick up the kids. Hell, when Ms Lewis told me that it was Steve, I had to actually confirm with her that it was Steve because for a second I genuinely thought that some stranger might have actually picked up the kids. But it wasn’t, and by the time I got home, Steve and the twins were already there. And you should have seen the way he looked at me,” he finishes with a bitter edge to his voice.
“You boys, you’re always making mountains out of molehills.”
He grabs Steve, who’s pinned James against the wall, by the scruff of his shirt and pulls him away.
“They killed him,” Tony says, quietly. “They killed him, and they covered it up because of what we said, what a bunch of five-year-olds told them. What if… what if we made it up?”
It had been a while since he’d done this, with anyone let alone himself; in fact, the last time he’d done this with a partner was with Steve, and the last time he’d done it himself was before the Snap had even happened.
“You were five when you showed up with your first broken nose. It happens,” James points out. “All we can do is teach him to be brave and how to make bullies back off. He’s gonna get shit, Steve. You can’t stop that. He’s Tony Stark’s son, he’s a genius, and he’s got three dads. All you can do is teach them both how to deal with it. Let him do the ballet. It’s what he wants.”
That night, at dinner, Grant hands him a glass of wine, and there’s a glint in his eyes that tells Tony exactly what’s going to happen when the castle falls asleep.
He would never have expected it from her, the image of the redhead, with her gleaming green eyes, like a cat, and her sly little smile and the way she tossed her hair, every angle of her body like an invitation, fitting into his vision.
They burn Tony’s body.
“I want to come when you’re inside me. I don’t want to settle with foreplay,” Tony says, quickly.
“Tony, I’m gonna need you to get off my lap.”
Tony flees, and when his back is turned to his sire, he smiles.
Steve begins to scowl.
“Quite,” Bhim says, dryly. “They’re looking for the Syamantaka Gem.”
“I don’t know if I can… I think I can forgive it,” Tony says, cautiously. “Not now, but… I can see myself forgiving it–”
And I…” his face turns hot. “Well, at night, I’d go to bed and have all these fantasies.”
There’s a knock on the door, and Tony almost feels like he’s a teenager, getting ready for his first date. He checks his outfit one last time in the mirror in the entrance hallway, and then, he swings open the door.
He laughs again, almost helplessly, almost to the point of tears.
Sometimes, he wishes he was
Tony starts to run toward the street at the other end of the walkway. Suddenly, two more German agents appear in the street at that end. Before they can spot Tony, he retreats to the alcove again, where a huge rattan basket sitting there. Tony climbs in and closes the top above him.
“Fuck,” Steve declares, already pulling at the throttle.
He never died, though.
“You’re a riot,” James declares.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Do you want to meet them or not?”
Tony waits with bated breath.
“Yeah,” James tells him, carefully. “But, um, there was another complication.”
“Oh, I am, but that still makes me a hell of a lot better than you,” Tony retorts. “Where’s Steve?”
He is flooded with panic and struggling, but they hold his arms firm against the trough, as his throat slowly opens, letting in pint by a pint of water, even if he gags.
Steve’s eyes widen. “That… that…”
“That’s what, uh, that’s how James explained it to me, at least,” he says, lamely.
over the idea that I might be sleeping with someone else, when you don’t want me. And then, that whole possessive, caveman routine you plied me with the night before, the whole
me,” Tony retorts. “We were together for a few moons before you ran off to fight some others alpha’s battle. You have been gone for a year, Steve. You don’t know me. We are strangers. There is no need to defend me so ferociously. No one will reward you for it, I can assure you.”
“Not presently, no,” Tony replies, shyly.
Steve drags his hand over his face. “Okay, get in the car.”
The lights rise, and Abraham hurries to the device.
“Uh, are you sure you want to drive?” James asks, carefully.
It was a modest diamond, nothing too big, nothing too small, perfect fit for her petite hand, and she tapped the flat of the diamond with the pad of her finger.
The knives are okay.
Tony shakes his head. “He was already gone when Steve… Steve and I met. It hurt him too much to talk about him, so I never pushed. He never… he never even wanted to put up photos.”
“Yeah, I think so too,” Steve murmurs, and he curls a hand around the nape of Tony’s neck, pulling him close so that he can press his lips to Tony’s brow. “Let me make it up to you.”
“I don’t need your protection,” Tony bites out.
Peter gives him a shy smile and climbs into his lap.
Phillips rounds on him. “Do you know how long it took to set up this project? The grovelling I had to do in front of Senator Brandt’s committee?” he demands.
“It’s not that simple,” Tony argues.
“And this is annoying me too,” he murmurs, slipping his hands under Steve’s shirt, before he takes that off as well. “And this.”
“I promise,” they both say at the same time.
Tony offers her a grin. “I’m sure you often see crying four-year-olds often,” he points out.
It takes them fifteen minutes before they’re at the warehouse, and honestly, it should have taken twenty-five, and that was all due to Tony’s driving – he’s definitely earned himself a few traffic violations.
“It’s okay, though. I still love you.”
Steve carries him from the lounge, to the stairs, and then, the cries start coming.
“No, I mean…” Tony sighs. “You know how your Daddy and I are married, right?”
“So, why–” Pepper bites off whatever she was about to say (he wonders if she blames him; between the two of them, Tony was the breakable one in so many ways; maybe if he’d grabbed the stones, used them instead of Tony, Tony would be alive, they would be together; maybe, if Pepper does blame, she’s right to). “Why did it have to be
“Nat, we should really be getting back to our table,” Richard cajoles.
Her wedding day looms a lot earlier than she was expecting.
“No,” Tony says, quietly.
“This is seriously creepy. I keep thinking I’m dreaming,” Steve says, resigned.
Wanda’s brow creases in concern. “See what?” she asks, carefully, her face flashing with dread.
Steve hastens to amend his earlier comment. “Yeah, we can keep them on our laps.”
Steve is still Captain America, albeit in a different way.
“You know, the one where you said that I looked like someone you bought and paid for; what, did you forget about that already?” Tony quirks an eyebrow.
Tony sighs. “I might be able to locate some of his things. I know who has them. What do you want?”
is dead.
“I heard that song in my dream,” he mutters, leaning into Steve’s warmth, especially when Steve decides to drape an arm around his shoulders. “You know, the old jump rope song.” He shudders. “Worst nightmare I ever had. You wouldn’t believe it.”
“But that’s not answering the question,” Peter complains.
expect it.”
“Still, we’re in this together, and it can’t just be my drama,” Tony mutters, squeezing his arms around him.
“For fuck’s sake, Tony,” Steve mutters under his breath, and Tony catches the tail-end of his words. “Tony,” he calls out, beseechingly, “Tony, come on, don’t walk out like this, please? We need to talk. We can’t just… we can’t just leave it like this. What happened to not going to bed angry?”
compared to what I feel for you, Peter Pan,” she murmurs, rubbing her thumb over his rounded, soft cheek. “I feel the same way right now.” She licks her lips. “If you don’t want me to marry Steve and Bucky, I won’t marry them.”
“Yeah, I know,” Tony says.
Steve’s skin, his mouth, is fever-hot, Tony realises through the haze of lust.
“Okay, so, sandbox. Sandbox means, what, preschool?”
“Because I knew how it would look,” Tony says, quietly. “Because I am unfulfilled in my marriage, in my life. Because I want something that is mine, and not everyone else’s at the same time. Because then I’d have to explain everything else to him, and then, he’d be in danger, because what… because everything that I helped James with all those years ago, even now, it’s not safe, Wanda. It’s… it’s some pretty serious shit, and I didn’t want Steve to get involved or the kids to get involved. It would be… well, it would be dangerous. And honestly, because I knew he would think something had happened between us, but…
“Good,” Tony drawls.
He collapses, and Rhodey is the first to land beside him, tears in his eyes, as he already guesses what is about to happen, what
“What, you too good for oatmeal?” Tony demands.
Steve’s hand closes around Tony’s shoulder, squeezing, before he drags him into a rough embrace, so that Tony can bury his face into Steve’s neck, smelling sweat and after shave and soap, and there are tears stinging at the backs of his eyes.
Pepper is behind him, and she’s crying, crying great, heaving sobs that wrack her entire body.
Sam lifts his eyes, fierce and cold. “I want to know what happened,” he says, firmly. “What the fuck have you and Steve been doing that it ended up like this? Who were those guys? What did they want? Where are they now? Why the
Steve presses a smacking kiss against the side of her head, making her squirm. “Yes, you absolutely have to.”
He looks back over his shoulder, and Maushmi is standing there, holding the doorknob to her bedroom and stretching out into the corridor, peering at him in confusion.
He sits in the library, when Grant arrives, picks a book off the shelf and takes a seat beside him. They read in silence, and then, when Tony finishes his book, he goes to return the book and find another one.
Steve has his bullwhip in his hand before Tony can even open his mouth (and it’s on the tip of his tongue to point out what kind of weapon is a fucking whip).
“You remember how I told you guys those stories of my best pal when I was growing up, back in Brooklyn?”
Steve chuckles, a low, warm sound like chocolate melting on the stove, just the way that Jarvis used to make for Tony when he was a child, and it makes Tony shudder right down to his fingers and toes.
“We gonna rassle?” Hodge asks, suggestively. “‘Cause I gotta say, you alpha bitches ain’t my type. But that O in the jeep, I could show him a few moves I know he’d like. Shame he’s a brownie though.”
to give him the autonomy to make those choices, Steve, even if it sucks, even if it means watching him leave. He
“What are you doing?”
Wanda purses her lips thin. “You do realise how stupid that sounds, right? That it’s a very bad excuse?”
James lifts an eyebrow. “So, the guy that leaves the house at six in the morning, doesn’t come home until midnight, goes on company retreats and conferences constantly and leaves you alone with two little kids doesn’t like that you weren’t at home one fucking afternoon to wait on him hand and foot?” he demands.
Steve looks at him in surprise, a protest building on his tongue.
He looks around, sees the homeless people in the alleys, smoking something, snorting something, stabbing needles into their arms, and wonders if he’s going to be mugged for his sneakers.
“The kids are gone, and that
James’ face scrunches up again. “Seriously?”
When he brings it down on him again, Obadiah’s face is a mess, broken and bloody and leaking flesh and bone and sinew everywhere.
. She knows so much about you, and she had the nerve to come here, with fucking take-out. Did she, what, give you a blowjob at your fucking desk and then offer to mollify your poor, homely little husband by bringing us food?”
“Exactly why wouldn’t I want to be with you?” Tony pushes out between his clenched teeth.
Tony climbs to his feet, leans across the space between them, and presses his mouth to Steve’s. Steve makes a soft little noise of surprise against his lips, before it’s swallowed by Tony’s. Tony curls a hand around the nape of Steve’s neck, breathes, and then, pulls back.
Tony struggles to free himself from his grip. “Get the hell away from me,” he snaps, before he punches him hard in the face.
“Anything new?”
“Tony,” Steve says, shyly.
On the gangplank at Porbander, Tony and Steve exchange long, warm embraces with Bhim, giving him their goodbyes. They stay there until Bhim disappears off into the night, before disappearing off in search of their cabin on the ship.
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip.
, not next Deepavali, I meant now.”
The longing turns painful, aching, and he wants to run, run and help him, but reason wins out, especially when he looks back over at his family at the table, and the twins giggling to themselves over some lame pizza joke that Steve had told them.
“We really fucked up,” Steve agrees.
He lands with a dull, painful thump on the stone floor, and Steve is bearing him down, his hips a heavyweight against his, his hands splayed across the stone to stop their heads from knocking together.
Steve looks up. “Me too?”
“What would you like to recapture?” Steve asks, curiously.
“I’ve realised,” he says, dryly.
Steve pauses. “I’m pretty sure that happens to dogs and not people?” he offers.
“I don’t understand what you’re getting at,” Tony says, stumbling over his own words.
“It’s not you I don’t trust,” he sighs. Finally, his shoulders slump. “Okay, let’s do it.”
Steve has hard eyes. “Don’t lie, Tony. Don’t lie to me, not about this.”
“Have you eaten?”
“Are you coming to my house and calling me a liar, Rogers?”
“I could pull him out,” Tony murmurs. “Like I did with his hat.”
“I’m surprised you picked the kids up, today,” Tony comments, as Steve turns the covers back.
“Tony, that’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever-” Steve begins, hotly.
His nose makes the path, travelling along the curve of his shoulder, and Tony yelps when Steve’s teeth closes around the bare, sharp plane, his cock turning impossibly hard in his sweats.
“Yeah, well, when I said that, I wasn’t thinking of the people who are sleeping with my husband. Somehow, I don’t think that’s exercising your sexuality in a healthy way, you know, sleeping with a married man,” Tony says, coldly.
“Tony? What is it?” Steve asks, realizing that Tony isn’t following him, a few feet ahead of him.
“No, no, I never said that,” Tony replies, quickly.
So, Tony decides to put in some effort.
They have ongoing issues with that, and as many people don’t seem to mind the new dynamics to Tony’s marriage, the same amount of people have issues.
Steve opens his mouth, and Tony sees his muscles bunch up tight under his clothes, his skin, and he inserts himself into the situation just before he sees it go south.
“Steve,” Tony sighs and walks forward, until they’re pressed up against each other, until Steve’s heat is burning through the thin layer of clothes that he’s wearing, and he can drape his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “Steve, I love you, I love our kids, I love our family, but… I can’t say that I’m completely, one hundred percent thrilled with the idea of… being a house husband for the rest of my life. And I know,
“I just wanted to bring you food,” she says, in a small voice, trying to make herself seem smaller than she really is.
Tony glares at it for a second, and then, his shoulders droop. “It’s just a fucking cat,” he grumbles.
Eshe doesn’t blush at all.
But Steve, Steve still looks like a twenty-year-old.
Tony huffs, feeling the shame flush the nape of his neck. “Yeah, well, you can’t be nice to everyone,” he says, ruffling Peter’s hair.
He’d called Tony
“Did you brush your teeth?” Tony asks, sternly, hand on his hip.
Her hand finds its way between their legs, curling around his cock, and he shifts, a little noise escaping him, when she begins to stroke him.
, he thinks with the same slow, solid bitterness that is becoming more of a comfort to him than genuine happiness.
“Alright, then,” Jarvis says, sounding unsure, but he leaves, nonetheless.
“Why not leave?” Steve asks, quietly. “Go back to the States.”
“You can’t be here,” he says, sternly.
that if I told you about him, told you everything, told you how I was madly in love with this guy and he broke my heart and now he was back and he made it clear that he was still in love with me, that everything I’d thought about him was
“What the
“The snakes, do you think they’re here?” Tony asks, quietly, as they make their way through the corridors, the torch lighting their way.
Steve had saved him from all of that, not in a
Sam looks alarmed, as if he’s putting two and two together and coming up with 3.5. “Steve?”
“You have some
“Hodge and his friends decided to take what they wanted last night,” Tony explains in a careful, measured note.
“No, no, I like Italian. Where Italian?” Tony says, quickly.
“You’re not fucking this guy, then?”
His heats are regular, of course, every month, at the beginning of the month, three days of bleeding, three days of an aching emptiness. And each month, he’d dreamed of what it would be like to share a heat with an alpha, to have something fill him in the way that his body craved, to have a warm, strong body pressed against his, easing the cramps building inside him.
“Yeah, I think so. I mean, I already love you and Steve, and Amma said that if you’re gonna adopt me, that means you love me too.”
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “I’m sorry, can I help you?” he asks, a snide edge to his voice.
Finally, the realisation sets in, and her face floods with colour.
And then, the island rumbles and shakes, like Krishna himself is unhappy with this turn of events and is seeking to wipe away evidence of such a thing occurring from the fabric of the universe.
The air smells like smoke and blood and charred meat, and he laughs.
“I’ll drive,” James declares and snatches the keys out of Tony’s hands. “Do you think you four can fit into the back?”
“I made pasta,” she says, defensively.
make me feel better.” Tony bares his teeth.
The teacher nods to the Scandinavian exchange student, who had been waiting uncomfortably in front of the class. He squints at his book and begins, the recitation a struggle between baked and salted brain and the poetry of the Bard.
Tony, on the other hand, is happy enough to think that his ex-lover is a lunatic.
Tony shudders.
“You have
There is a loud crack, and Tony’s eyes snap open to see a bullwhip coming out of nowhere, wrapping around the middle of the poker and tearing it out of the Nazi’s hands. The poker sails high across the room, free of the whip, and lands in the heavy curtains over one of the windows, which immediately burst into flame.
“I genuinely thought I hurt you.”
“Steven and Anthony, have you come here to enter into marriage without coercion, freely and wholeheartedly?” the Catholic priest begins, solemnly. “Are you prepared, as you follow the path of marriage, to love and honour each other for as long as you both shall live?”
Eshe looks at Tony. “That’s because they do take you for granted,” she tells him, not unkindly. “It’s not their fault. They’re four. They’re going to take you for granted, and they’re going to be doing that for a long time. You’ve created a happy, stable environment for them, Tony, and they know you’re there; they know you provide for them. Steve is like… well, no offence, Steve, you’re like a novelty to them.”
“My darling, I am officially dirty as hell. Can we continue this in the shower?” Tony offers.
“Fine,” Steve grumbles. He pumps his fists, faux excitedly. “Let’s go and get pizza!”
“I was just
The speed with which both men start taking their clothes off surprises and delights Tony in equal measure, and his hand flies to his own clothes, taking them off at a similar speed.
“They met him once when he came to the house,” Tony tells her.
“You’re not causing any problems, James,” Tony sighs. “It’s two in the afternoon. The kids won’t be done with school for at least another hour, and Steve… well, Steve, he left at like six this morning, which probably means that he won’t be back until midnight. Although, he’s been on this kick where he tries very hard to prove that he’s actually a good husband, so it might be like around seven today, if he tries very hard, that is.”
I was sleeping with either, even though I was totally public about it, so, would you deny the fact that I sleep with men because you can’t find it in a fucking tabloid?”
His belly is full of wine, and there’s a certain confidence in his words that would never come without it.
And Pepper, God, he loves Pepper, he does, but the last thing he needs is to be dragging Pepper into more of his mess.
Tony stares at him, the light having faded from his eyes. “I don't know who he is. But he's burned, he wears a weird hat, a red and yellow sweater, real dirty, and he uses some sort of knives he’s got made into a sort of... glove. Like giant fingernails.”
It’s strange, because he’s been to at least a thousand weddings in his lifetime, and he’s heard the whole spiel before, but it’s weird when it includes him.
Steve looks apoplectic, like he’s two seconds away from lunging at James.
“You’re not,” Natasha agrees, unaffected by his anger, “but like I said, you’re the husband of someone whom I love very much, and I wanted to see if you were good enough for him. In my eyes, I thought if you got jealous, you were either a possessive dick who didn’t like it when Steve’s attention was on anyone but you, or you cared about him enough that you wanted to keep him with you. I thought if you weren’t jealous, you didn’t care enough about him, or you were confident enough in your relationship that you didn’t need to be jealous. You
“I didn’t kill you,” James says, heavily.
“I promise,” Tony says, solemnly, holding his hand to his heart. “Nothing bad can happen to you here. I won’t let it. I
“Tiny Pretty Things,” Tony says, immediately.
James winces. “Sorry about that.”
Steve hesitates, and that stings, stings like at the end of everything, after what they’ve been through and been to each other, Steve treats him like a fucking stranger.
He hears a scream from within the school building, and the fear is cold in his throat, like swallowing a whole cube of ice, when he realises that it’s Steve who’s screaming.
“Sir has been in here for little under an hour,” FRIDAY announced. “Would you like me to lower the volume, so you may approach?”
On his way outside to the balcony he bumped into a body. When he looked up, he was startled to see the person there. “Ryder? What are you doing here? I thought you were coming back next Saturday.”
“Sweetheart. From you it sounds nice. Can you keep talking? I promise I’ll try to stay awake,” Tony said, fully knowing he wouldn’t be able to. Ryder had placed six different patches up and down his body, before he had left. It seemed he wanted to be extra cautious that Tony wouldn’t be able to gather energy from the air and escape.
When he opened the letter, the familiar handwriting jarred him. He didn’t know if he wanted to continue or not. Perhaps it was more reasons as to why Steve had to leave. If so, he really didn’t want to read it. His palms grew sweaty and his fingers began to shake.
“Weren’t you the one telling me you wouldn’t be tricked into signing them out of school early?” Happy questioned seeming thoroughly amused at the two new additions.
“Then tell me what you’re trying to do by digging up Tony’s insecurities and making him feel like he’s not worth anything.”
Bucky began to speak some words to him, letting his Brooklyn accent get through. He tried repeating the nursery rhyme Ms. Rogers would say to Steve, whenever he was high with fever. Bucky was sure that he was missing a few words, but as Steve’s eyes slowly became more aware he figured that didn’t matter too much.
Steve watched him carefully, wanting to see how Tony was handling dredging up all of these memories that for all he knew, Tony had pushed aside. His hands wrapped around the ones holding the bowl and slowly eased it out of Tony’s hand.
Tony smiled. “Well I can take it to him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve complied to the demand and tried fitting himself into the small supply closet. There wasn’t a whole lot of room so the two let their legs entangle and Steve had to hunch his shoulders a little to allow for some space in the crowded closet. Steve’s breath ghosted over Tony’s neck and Tony had to resist not to bare his neck, allowing the warm breath to caress his skin. He was thankful for the darkness in the room that disallowed Steve from seeing his cheeks grow warm.
“And you probably like a greedy whore just kept asking for more didn’t you. And I don’t know why I’m still here. I should have left you a long time ago, but I had hoped that you would mature. I had hoped that I being around would change you for the better,” Ryder remarked as he caressed Tony’s cheek.
Just as he was getting up to approach the man, a doctor came to the man and led him away. Steve silently hoped that the doctor would be offering good news. Struggling to lose sight of the man’s face, Steve tried picking up the magazine. Maybe the details of whether Jennifer was back on the market or not.
“But I do. You just said, if I don’t he gets to go home free. And I don’t even want to think about what would happen if he-”
Tony moved his body away from them. “Okay, I definitely don’t do needles. Stayed away from the hospital for a whole year one time because I hate needles. So like let’s not do this.”
Tony turned to her, shrugging. “Why would we tell you this and have you pinch our ears like you used to, when we did stupid shit like this?”
He felt immobile as Ryder ran his hands along where the arc reactor was. Even though it was covered by clothing his touch burned through the fabric. Tony had grown to calm himself down when someone unknowingly touched the arc reactor, but Ryder’s intent…his intent to put Tony in this space of abysmal darkness was tilting the world around him.
Clint grimaced. “I didn’t mean them. Tony I never meant them.”
Steve turned back to Bucky confliction apparent in his expression. Bucky shook his head. “You take Tony to the hospital and we’ll canvas the area. He couldn’t have been able to get too far. Plus we have SHIELD helping. Go Stevie. You and Natasha take off. I’ll tell the others.”
“Tony!”
“Tony,” Steve said expression, growing pinched.
“One down, four more to go,” Steve repeated, in lieu of a response.
Miles was still placed on Peter’s hip and they decided to go to Peter’s class first. Peter entered the classroom and quickly made his way to his desk. Ned looked on with jealousy.
Pepper sighed tiredly, talking to the Avengers was draining the energy out of her. She smiled sadly at them all, wondering just how bad things had gotten in such a short amount of time. She used to admire these heroes and praise them on how they made Tony into a better man. She thought they were all changing him for the better, giving him a life purpose again. Admitting that she was wrong, once again, sent a sharp flicker of pain through her body.
“Why didn’t you ever tell me?” Steve asked.
Bucky looked back at Steve, his grasp on his own bags growing slack as though hoping Steve would change his mind. Steve tried toning out the whimpers of Tony and the voice of Natasha trying to console him. Bucky looked at Steve trying to ignore those cries. Bucky had heard Steve’s explanation, he had told it to him the night of the gala after Tony and Ryder had left.
Tony clenched his jaw. “Yeah, that. Don’t do that Rogers. I don’t know what your game is, but it’s not amusing in any sort of way. Look I get that you had a moment of stupidity in leaving so you felt that you have to make up for it. Don’t worry you’re forgiven. I forgave you for all of that jazz, when I read your letter. Nice letter by the way, much better than the one you gave me after the Accords. Did Natasha help you write it?”
As they began to pack their bags to head back to the hotel, Tony peered at the letter again. He passed a garbage can and wondered if he should throw it away and pretend he never saw it. His hand hovered near the trashcan. However, his fingers would not let the letter go. Tony folded the letter and placed it in his basket.
“I need you to come outside.”
“I sure did miss you, when I came back to the hotel,” Ryder rasped. “I saw bodies lying all over the building, but my main concern was finding you. It nearly broke me, when I found out that you were gone.
“You can’t fault me for your mistakes.”
“And you all don’t?” Phil questioned honestly.
When he went into the kitchen, he silently began to make some coffee. He looked as his phone and saw a few missed messages from Pepper and Rhodey. The two of them had been checking in on him throughout the week, as they usually did. He had no doubt in his mind that if Rhodey wasn’t off “training” with his physical therapist and Pepper wasn’t closing deals in Italy this weekend, the two of them would have been here.
“What?”
The man placed the items near Tony and turned to leave. Tony picked up the bouquet of roses and frowned at it. Then he held the letter in his hand and saw it was addressed to him. Surely, Natasha wasn’t sending him gifts. He set the roses aside and Miles took one out and started to observe it.
Bucky hung onto her words and paid attention to how Pepper straightened her shoulders to make her seem larger. Bucky admired that about her. She didn’t cower in the face of former assassins and super soldiers. She brushed a few straying strands of her hair behind her ear and for the first time looked at them with a hint of desperation.
Surely, no one would believe a kid if he were to tell someone Steve was Captain America?
Steve nodded a briefly kissed Tony back. “Of course. I’ll wait up for you.”
Happy’s eyes shot to Pepper and Pepper looked down at her phone, mouth slowly curled upward and nodded.
“No one touched me,” Tony whispered to himself, his hands still not wanting to check and see if Cali was telling him the truth. He didn’t feel any particular pain…but he also couldn’t really feel his body right now.
He was just about to speak up and see if Tony was about to continue his story, until he looked down at the man under him. Steve knew there was more to the story, but he could see Tony’s eyes strain to stay awake. He smoothed out the lines in his forehead, from him trying to force himself to stay awake.
“I’ve been known to be wrong on many occasions,” Steve quipped. “Anyone who says you can’t be a good father doesn’t know you. The way you love Miles so unconditionally is amazing to watch. I mean the moment I saw him with you, I could just see the genuine care. Miles really does seem to adore you.”
Steve turned to him and immediately knew what it was, heart thrumming inside of him with a mixture of excitement and unbridled nervousness as a constant reminder of what he was planning tonight.
“Ma’am, yes ma’am,” Tony said sitting down.
Tony nodded. “I know. He always was.”
“Exactly, which is why I can’t let my son drink coffee that early,” Tony exclaimed. “What are you doing up so early?”
“So enjoy this evening where you all can enjoy one night free from the paparazzi,” Tony laughed. Everyone exclaimed their agreement toward his last statement. “Now without further ado I introduce you to the lovely and talented Nathaniel who will begin our evening with some comedy.”
He removed his hand off of Ryder’s chin.
Steve shook his head.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Steve looked to the ceiling closed his eyes.
By then Miles had woke up, due to the noise coming from the video. He blinked open his eyes and few time and looked around. His gaze settled on everyone around him, before he saw Peter. Immediately his face brightened and he bounced excitedly in his seat.
Natasha wanted to dig deeper, but knew it wasn’t her place anymore. She had to earn that trust back to where Tony could confide in her.
Pepper pushed him in his ribs. “Behave.”
Fury’s eye grew bright with anger. “I’d like you to remember Barton that Tony is not the reason you had to run off in exile, but he is the reason you are back here. Do not keep putting the blame on him because you are unwilling to be an adult and accept the repercussions of your actions. Do not talk about the man who has been protecting your family, when you’ve been fighting in a battle that didn’t even involve you.”
“Yeah, sure. Well look Rhodey it’s been good talking to you, but I’m pretty sure you have a date coming up in an hour with Nurse Miranda,” Tony teased.
Miles stopped abruptly and looked at Tony. “Fine baba. No sick anymore.”
“Of course they are. Of course they are.”
“Tony do not put words into my mouth. You know that your time at this orphanage has proven that you can take care of twenty children at a time. I am just worried you may not have the time. The pneumonia Miles has right now isn’t contagious so you’re fine in that aspect. It’s just I heard the Avengers were coming back pretty soon and I know you’ll be dealing with them.”
His teeth chattered and he looked as though he had finally lost it. His last grip on sanity was falling away before their eyes. Though Steve had doubts that there was even much of it to begin with.
“Shh, go to sleep,” Steve whispered while setting the halfway eaten bowl of spaghetti aside. “I don’t think Miles is letting you go anytime soon, so you might as well just go ahead and sleep here.”
Bucky looked at Steve concernedly as Steve tightly grasped his phone. Pepper shook her head as Steve asked if she got news on Tony.
“And so I wanted to protect him from all scrutiny. I should have told you about him. I reprimanded you for Ultron and I was doing the same thing. Then I found out about what he did to your parents and Tony I should have told you as soon as I found out, but I couldn’t.”
“Cali, do you want to go first? Or me,” one asked, with a thick accent that Tony couldn’t quite place, plopping down beside Tony.
Tony waved good night to Peter as he trudged to his room.
Clint offered him another and went to grab another wet towel. They continued sitting there in that cramped stall listening to people come in and out, not knowing that two of the world’s mightiest heroes were off hiding because they didn’t know what to do.
He looked up and saw Natasha high-five Maia, while Jaime picked her up and whispered “Good job.”
“Natasha! Natasha!” Tony shouted after her as she went into the kitchen to talk to her little fan, Jaime. “I’m going to get payback and you’re going to help me bambino,” he said to Miles who was beginning to fall asleep in his arms.
[1] Jeg burde ikke ha igjen med ham. Hvorfor skulle han gjøre dette til meg?   : I shouldn’t have left with him. Why would he do this to me?
He needed everything to be special, so he kept checking in with his messages and sending texts back and forth between people making sure everything was falling into place.
“Concentration mode?” Tony mouthed at Jaime.
He almost pleaded to just have her stay, if she wasn’t going to help him leave. It wasn’t fair that he had to stay here and she was able to leave. Tony struggled to face the fact that he had no autonomy. He had no control over what happened next. His body was nearly immobile and the first time Tony realized he truly couldn’t move he had been sent into a panic attack.
Natasha wished that she could act now. She was going restless with knowing that Ryder’s eyes hadn’t been gauged out yet. Might as well speed up the blinding process.
(And apologies for any mistakes...from now on just keep this in your head 'cause I am going to stop adding it to the notes lol.)
There was something haunting about his expression and something that screamed loss. Steve wondered briefly if he should be the one to reach out and offer some amount of comfort, seeing as though no one else was around him. He figured it ought to be lonely waiting to hear good news or bad news by oneself.
“This isn’t a dream, Tony,” she tried explaining. “I promise you.”
So I am deciding to let Harley's mom live because I have an interesting story-line with that. Also good news Ryder's vindictive ways will be exposed at the latest by Ch. 20! So we don't have far to go before the reveal :)
Tony tried introducing some space between the two of them. Their close proximity caused Tony to lose focus and instead turn his attention upward to a pair of blue eyes looking down at him.
“Well, actually both of them won my favorite. Ah, how I wish both could win.”
“I do care for all of your well-being.”
“Would you prefer to know the answer?” Steve questioned back, closing some of the remaining distance between the two and sitting opposite of Tony who was now perched against the headboard.
“You are not being fairly generous Mrs. Thompson,” Peter began. “Mr. Stark has done everything to ensure that we have great values. Sure, we may have pieces of our family missing, but the great thing is that we are able to build ours. Mr. Stark has helped give us our home and has taken care of everything that I could ever need. It is unfortunate that you are not able to understand that. But please do refrain from speaking badly about a person you do not know.”
As soon as the call ended, the phone began ringing again. Cali silenced it and answered. “Tony! It’s Tony! Natasha! Oh, sweetheart we’ve been looking for you okay? Do you know where you are? Any type of signs or landmarks that you can tell us?”
Steve didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know what to do with his hands. He didn’t know how to make sure his team didn’t fall apart around him, while they all stayed stagnant in the waiting room. They had since all come back here, after tearing apart every single inch of the CMPNY headquarters. Every single member in that group had all been sent to the Raft. Steve had been unwilling to send a sympathetic glare to any of them, even those who had pleaded for their innocence. They had stayed there, knowing full well what Ryder was doing to Tony. That didn’t even include the business he was holding, experimenting on some of his members.
The door creaked open. He stopped with the knife pressed tightly against Isak’s neck.  Beads of blood followed the blade of silver and Isak’s eyes lifted to the person who had opened the door. The look of amusement and sexual interest lit up his eyes, before cooling down into a passive expression.
Steve’s eyes widened.
“Can I have a high-five?” Tony said, holding his hand up.
“You won’t have to be alone.”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Fuck, his eyes.
Tony swallowed, eyes nearly growing heavy with how much the compliment had affected him. He coughed in order to clear his throat.
“My deal?”
“Nope, you can’t make promises in my dreams,” Tony slurred, his voice tilted with a type of lightness that Natasha found haunting. “Promises are never kept so we don’t make them in my dreams. No promises, no promises.”
He kicked out and was satisfied to see Jack’s jaw lock at the hit. The woman ran to the door and locked it, placing the key in her back pocket. She angrily looked at him.
“I am not,” Kevin said. “I don’t wet the bed!”
A groan rippled through his body and he felt the sting of tears press against his eyes. He brought his hands from where they were resting on his lap and rubbed the palm of his hand into his eyes. He tried massaging away the sting settling in there, but it was only coupled with the burning in his throat. He had felt something want to claw itself out of his throat and just echo into the open air.
“Miles came to us crying saying you were scared,” Steve told him. “Wanted to make sure you were alright.”
Happy laughed all his way to the driver’s seat and continuously kept joking about this on the way to the tower. When they arrived, Happy dropped them off. The four of them then travelled onto the main floor stopping by the kitchen since it was lunch time. Tony pulled out stuff to make sandwiches and went to work on individually preparing them. After he was done making their lunches he pushed it in front of them.
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Pepper said, eyes bright with amusement.
He tried holding things together. He was the leader. He couldn’t let cracks in the seams of things and let anyone have fear that Tony wouldn’t come back to them. He didn’t read into the concerns the agents had at the Avengers not being able to find one of their own by themselves. He couldn’t throw his shield at the one agent that said if Tony had been smarter than he wouldn’t have wound up in that situation.
Bucky shrugged his left shoulder. “I don’t know. Everything was fine. Like literally last week, I left for a mission with a kiss to the cheek and a worried come back home. Then when I come back, it’s like hell froze over.  Like he greeted me back the day I came home with some awesome sex…I mean mind-blowing. Steve I swear some of the things he did with his mouth I ain’t even heard of.”
Steve inhaled shakily rubbing his hands with the back of his palms. He felt the unevenness from where there was dried up blood caking in between has handprint. For a few seconds, he kept his palms at the balls of his eyes just trying to escape any source of light that could stream through.
“I didn’t want that. You have to believe me,” Tony muttered, sleep covering his voice.
He quickly went over to Miles and saw that the kid had accidentally accepted an incoming call from Rhodey and transferred it to the screen above him. Miles looked between the two screens where Rhodey’s face was displayed and began to frown trying to understand what was happening and why his game had stopped.
Tony wordlessly stared at Steve his own eyes widening at Steve’s admittance. Tony didn’t know how to respond and thankfully Steve didn’t prompt him to say anything.
Tony blacked out for a few minutes and when he woke up there Miriam was grabbing another bottle.
In between Steve’s sobs, he kept uttering how he was going to kill him and that grew to Bucky’s discomfort. Realizing that Bucky had tensed up, Steve pulled away and looked at Bucky.
Steve left Bucky and Natasha back at the tower, so that they could help in locating Isak and bringing him back here. Energy thrummed beneath his veins at just the mere hope that Isak was Ryder. Within him he had no ounce of a doubt that Ryder had managed to do this unthinkable offense, but it was just all too convenient for Steve to let fly over his head. He had dealt with too many ghosts that had turned out to be alive. Death to him didn’t quite mean anything more, until he actually saw a body and some provable information.
“What if we told you we ransomed you to your precious Avengers? I mean, you’re looking to get out of here aren’t you? Surely, if we were to sell you to the highest bidder the Avengers would come running.” the woman teased. “I know you are ready to leave, I mean this has to hurt doesn’t it?”
His thoughts were cut off shortly, when Natasha wrapped an arm around his waist somehow allowing Tony to lean on her and decrease the weight on his leg. Clint also took to noticing trivial things in the Tower, making them walk slower.
“Don’t say that to me! You don’t know that,” Steve growled pushing at Bucky. “I haven’t changed.”
“But Tony always had this extra place in his heart for all of you. And I know all it would take is a simple we need you Tony to help us out, and he would smile and forgive and welcome you back with open arms,” Pepper laughed bitterly. “Because that’s Tony for you. And I want to yell at you until I’m blue in the face and you understand just how selfless and caring Tony is, when you all have done nothing to deserve his kindness. But frankly I just don’t have any more anger to yell at you. I just feel disappointed in you all.”
“No,” he said breathlessly.
“I am so sorry for the wait gentlemen. My name is Harry and I’ll be your waiter for this evening. Can I start you off with any drinks?” the waiter began.
“Yes, you, sir, and Director Fury are still the only ones have full authorized access to the switch. Would you like for it to be activated, Captain?”
Tony’s heart tugged at the thought of Miles growing up fast, but it warmed at the thought of being able to watch Miles grow up. Tony became so distracted that he hadn’t noticed the receptionist begin singing their own rendition of
“Not hard enough, but this will make things better for me,” Steve said low enough under his breath that Tony hadn’t heard him.
Tony swallowed the dryness in his throat.
“Shh, I’m here now,” he said picking up Miles.
“Of course Vision,” she whispered his name warmly. Before the two left the room, Wanda leaned over Steve to press a quick kiss to his cheek. “Thank you Steve. I promise I’ll keep in touch.”
The next time he woke, his head ache had cleared up and he felt a wet cloth being smoothed over his face. For a brief moment he thought he was about to be smothered to death. Then he noticed that Miriam was knocked out on the chair near the desk. He looked up into Cali’s eyes and saw that she was rubbing some ointment on his face.
“FRIDAY can you go through the video footage of tonight’s party on the television?” Natasha questioned. Nothing Steve’s curious glance, she explained. “I always make sure there are means of recording. Granted I only placed some cameras in the ballroom, but each face had to have passed a camera at least one. FRIDAY scan for facial recognition.”
Tony’s heart twisted in his chest and he felt something flutter in his stomach at the suggestion of the last statement. By then Steve and Tony were nearly a hair length’s apart. Steve grew closer with each sentence that he whispered between them. There was no time for him to by shy or for him to talk himself out of this. He said he was going to fight for Tony and this was only the beginning.
Tony ran his tongue over his lips and Steve followed the motion, forcing himself not to give in this once and just bring himself closer to Tony. He had to hold himself from wanting to gather Tony in his arms and watch as Tony relaxed and his breathing fell like a warm breeze on his neck. He had to stop himself from doing all of this because he would want to stay.
He grabs one of the oil canisters that he’s found amidst the pillars and splashes oil on the floor in that direction, then lights it. A path opens toward that wall.
Tony turns around the corner and then, he runs straight into a body that’s lunging at him. The two of them go down in a collision of limbs, and a dazed freshman lifts himself up onto an elbow; he’s wearing a plastic sign on his red and yellow sweater that reads
“Pepper, leave us,” Tony says, without taking his eyes off his almost alpha.
He should say
“If we do not…” Tony wrestles with the words, “if we do not consummate this marriage, if you do not bed me, there will be no child, and they will think me either barren or incapable of performing my duties as an omega.”
. I wanted a fucking partner in all of this. And I love how you’ve forgotten every fucking time that I made a move and you rejected me.”
Because a part of him hopes, prays that Steve comes to him, tells him that he’s in love with him and that he loves their children and that their little family is always going to be enough for him.
“Fuck, yeah,” James grunts, holding onto his sharp hip bones, his thumbs having enough care to smooth along the dip in his pelvis.
The panic eases now; his mind settles now.
“Yes, Appa,” the children say, sullenly.
Steve’s brow furrows, as he strokes a hand up Tony’s ribs. “A good thing, or a bad thing?”
Tony reluctantly pulls away from James. “Want to meet the kids?”
His arm stretches above his head, and he can’t seem to quite place it back where it came from.
Steve sits up, climbs to his feet. “Not the way you think,” he urges, reaching out for him with both hands outstretched. “Not because of what you’re thinking, not because I was sleeping with her, but because I knew I was lying to you, and I’m actually not very good at lying, honey. I’m really shit at it, and I knew I was digging myself deeper into a hole that I knew I wouldn’t be able to climb out of when it was all done. It wasn’t because I was sleeping with her, and I was dreading you two meeting, but because I was lying to you constantly about my job, what I was doing when I left the house, and I couldn’t deal with that, how wrong it was.”
“Wow, it’s surprising how much more of an ass you can sound with each passing moment,” Tony says, dryly.
and wouldn’t be coming home until late. It was… I don’t know, maybe it was a power move?” he wonders out loud, exhausted, feeling the weariness like a graveyard on his body. “I don’t even know anymore. Maybe she wanted to prove to me that she could insert herself anywhere, and Steve was going to allow it because he preferred her to me, and then, she even gave me marriage advice.”
“I’m an actual genius, you know that, right? Not just someone who decided it for myself either, but I’m actually
“That’s my boy,” Steve says, approvingly, and the colour rushes all over Tony’s body.
“Tony,” Steve says, roughly, his eyes hot. “Tony, fuck.”
“There’s this girl. Her name is Sharon, Sharon Carter. She runs this, uh, diner out in Brooklyn. She’s, she’s on the young side, around eighteen. She says that she’s been hearing some things, about these guys who are going to make a play for the diner, maybe to rob or fuck with or do something to it,” Steve explains. “We need to go over and make sure that everything’s okay, that
Tony falls silent.
The acid builds in his throat, as Steve refers to Tony’s dildo that he keeps at the back of their walk-in closet, the one that Steve equally despises, because he hadn’t been able to stand the idea of Tony deriving pleasure from a fake cock, or frankly anything that wasn’t Steve’s cock, and adores, because he likes to use it on Tony and wring as many noises from him as he possibly can.
Steve chokes out a chuckle. “I love how you call me a kinky little beast and then come out of the woodwork like that.”
with your husband and your mistress,” Tony spits at him, his voice ugly and loud.
Tony joins his hands together, raising it to his mouth, almost as a comforting gesture.
“No!” Rumlow snarls from the altar, his voice echoing through the subterranean chamber. “Not in the presence of the gem! Take him outside.”
A sign above him reads,
fault!”
Peggy is by his side. “All of Dr. Erskine’s research and equipment is gone. Any hope of reproducing the program is locked in your genetic code. But it would take years.” She pauses. “At the moment, you’re the only super soldier there is.”
There’s a bright laugh coming from the gaggle of omegas, who pass them by, fluttering their eyelashes at Howard, and Howard shifts, the rage bleeding out of him in an instant.
“Oh, jeez,” Sam moans, covering his face with his hand.
“You knew what you were doing,” Steve accuses, going on the defensive.
Yes, if someone had come to him a year ago and told him that his husband was having an affair, he would’ve thought it unbelievable, impossible as well.
Tony snorts.
?” he asks, his eyes wild, feral, intense. “And you have the nerve to stand there and accuse me of endangering our family when you let a fucking Russian assassin near our
Tony makes a face, because he doesn’t know how to respond.
“I love you, and I… believe you. I just… I think too much has happened for us to move on like none of this happened.”
“Remember what we talked about last night,” he asks them, lightly.
Wanda makes a derisive sound at the back of her throat. “Oh, come on, Tony. That’s bullshit.”
“I just…” Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip. “I don’t know if you completely understand how I’ve been feeling these past few months, Steve,” he says, the look in his eyes wild, feral, intense. “I… I have felt like such
Peter tugs on the sleeve of Tony’s shirt, and Tony looks down at him, expectantly.
He pulls a wine glass out of the cabinet on his way into the kitchen and runs it under the water to get rid of all of the dust, a thin, greyish sheen covering the rim and the thin neck of the glass. He wipes up the glass, laying it on the kitchen counter, before opening the bottle of wine and pouring himself a generous helping.
“Nobody’s perfect,” Peggy says, sarcastically, as she picks up the map and carries it across the room.
“Are you okay?” he asks, in a low, rushed voice.
“Oh, we’re calling ourselves a boyfriend now?” Tony teases.
“How could you… how could you even ask me that?”
“You have to know that’s bullshit,” she says, almost pleadingly. “You have to know how much those kids love you, how much they think the world of you. God, when you showed up today, their faces just brightened up. They love you, Tony. They love you so much.”
“You were too young to know what you were offering,” James snaps.
“Are you angry that you would’ve done that for me, if I had been using you the way you thought I was?” Tony asks, curiously.
Steve catches him looking. “What?”
His mother and father have only been dead for a single moon, but already he is meant to be bought and sold by some stranger in gilded armour, with no thought to his consent or his wants and needs.
Tony grinds his teeth, thinks of the bliss that will find him by the time that this night is over.
Abraham hits the ground.
“Is that a no on the attending our wedding?” Tony asks, braving the question.
“Do you know how it works?”
“Despite how fucking
James turns his head back to face him, stubborn as well. “My point still stands. He’s a shit husband, you deserve better.”
“So, SHIELD was after your friend?”
Tony’s hands begin to slip, and Steve growls low in his throat as a warning.
James pulls away, frowning at him. “What?”
Steve is staring at Tony in groggy alarm. He reaches for Tony, but Tony flattens himself against the wall.
Steve clears his throat. “I saw him on the side of the road.”
Tony is glowing; Tony is on fire.
Grant, though, Grant reacts in a much more placid manner, goes about dressing himself calmly, tucking his cock back into his breeches, as though this is normal behaviour for him, between goodbrothers, and he takes a seat, stretching his legs out in front of him.
“I said,” he says, with an unforgiving tone, “
“I just… I need you to know that I didn’t always know.”
“I think Buck’s thinkin’ of proposin’,” Steve offers, sinking down onto the couch. “But make sure you don’t tell anyone because he wants it to be a surprise.”
Now, they’re just as likely to ask James to tell them a story before they go to sleep as they are Steve or Tony.
“For fuck’s sake, even after all of this, you can’t admit it, can you?” Tony asks, hurt. “I just… I guess I thought you weren’t telling me because you were trying to spare my feelings, but apparently not. Apparently, you’re just the same kind of coward that I’ve been desperately trying to avoid my entire life.”
James growls, balancing himself on his hand just above Tony’s body, their chest barely an inch from each other’s, and his hips start snapping forth in sharp, angry thrusts that drag the air out of his lungs.
Tony swallows hard and steps away from the door, padding over to the kitchen. There’s a lot of stuff in the fridge, but of course, no booze. No, all of the alcohol is kept in Tony’s special place, only to be drunk when the twins are spending a night with their Rhodey or Sam and Wanda, and Tony has a moment of peace.
Tony sits in the car, breathing slowly and deep, until he finds himself in a microsleep.
“Well, Peter and Maushmi absolutely adore you,” Tony tells her. “They’re constantly talking about you when I take them home.”
And James is standing right there, and there’s dead bodies lying a few feet away, and his heart is thundering against his ribs, because he’s confused, he doesn’t know what to do; he loves Steve, and he’s never stopped loving James, and he thinks they love each other, or at the very least, Steve loves James and there’s something there on James’ side as well, judging by the look that they shared back at Tony’s house and those
“Of course I did. Of course I fell in love with you. It’s
“I mean, did I know what I was doing?” James asks, curiously, tilting his head.
Sam lifts an eyebrow. “There are
“No, it isn’t,” Tony says, fiercely. “It’s on
Tony clears his throat in an attempt to rid the suffocating, sticky silence hanging in the air between them, in an attempt to even blink away the sight of James looking at him like that.
per se, so they’re a match made in heaven.
woman, okay?” she says, resisting the urge to smooth her hand over her hair, which would most certainly muss it up beyond correction. “The woman who prioritises the unimportant things and makes you feel bad for doing your jobs, especially when that job involves saving an eighteen-year-old girl from burglars or gangsters or general hoodlum-variety villains. I’m just, I don’t want to be
Steve stares down at him, panting like he’s breathless, and then, he’s growling low in his throat, climbing onto the floor to join Tony and bearing him down to the ground.
Grant’s hands are touching him everywhere, and there are tears stinging at the backs of Tony’s eyes, as he desperately tries to fight him off.
“It’s because you did the same thing, when we met,” James tells him. “You could’ve told people about that person I killed, the murder you helped me cover up, and you didn’t, because you knew that he was a bastard, that he was evil and cruel and disgusting, and then, you helped me, even knowing that I was a killer. You helped me stop HYDRA from hurting a bunch of people, and you could’ve run away, saved yourself, but you didn’t do that. In fact, you actively helped me; you put yourself in harm’s way to save other people, and you didn’t care, even after you found out what I was, what I’d done. You are a good person, and frankly, it doesn’t hurt that every time I look at your mouth, I imagine it wrapped around my cock.”
“Shit,” he hisses.
“Come on, Steve, where the hell are you?” he mutters.
“I’ve changed,” Tony admits, shyly, almost wanting to cover his body. “I… I mean, I’m not the same as I used to be, not when I was seventeen and we slept together. Besides, it was one night; it was quick-”
!” Tony protests.
“Ah, fuck,” he declares. “Okay, time to prove you’re not just a pretty face, Stark.”
Tony’s throat flexes. “After you left, I didn’t take it so well,” he explains, smiling a small, unhappy smile. “I drank a lot; I dipped into drugs-”
Tony sighs. “You know why I don’t like it when you jump on the bed,” he tells her, disappointment lining his voice. “It’s dangerous, baby. You could get hurt.”
“Get it gassed immediately! It has an important cargo to take out!” a Nazi that Tony and Steve recognize from their earlier dealings shouts at the mechanic.
Tony climbs off the bed and aims the camera under the bed and then, proceeds into their walk-in closet and bathroom, barely avoiding tripping over a plush dinosaur strewn across the tiles.
Steve nudges his nose at Tony’s bonding gland, mouthing at the sensitive skin, and Tony makes a choked-off noise at the back of his throat, the sensation spreading right through to his belly. Steve snaps his hips forward, lingering there, Tony’s hole dragging at his cock.
And then, he turns on his side, watches Steve reading about military tactics at the Battle of Stalingrad, and Tony bravely places a hand on his firm, broad thigh, sliding it up until he’s cupping Steve’s limp cock in those sweats he’s wearing.
“You're not supposed to run,” the hall monitor stammers. “Where’s your pass? You got a pass?”
is on the tip of his tongue, but he’s not nearly as brave as he appears to be.
“You can’t do that, you can’t just…” Tony falls silent. “I’m married, James. I have children with him. If I…
The twins gasp, comically.
Steve stares at it. “Where did you get that?” he says, sounding afraid.
This is the least he can do for her.
“I love you too. Get some rest. I’ll be back before you wake up, I promise.”
Steve smiles, the upturn of his mouth lazy and tired from the anaesthetic and good-old painkillers that are pumping through his system.
Tony lifts his eyebrow. “Perhaps you did not realise what just happened. I just opened your brother’s throat. He’s lying dead on the floor, as we speak.”
“You need to fall,” Steve insists.
“Well, if you need anything…” Sam trails off, his voice resolute, and Steve knows that Sam doesn’t believe him, doesn’t trust that everything is okay the way that Steve would rather pretend it is (Sam was an audience to so many pining sessions when they were on the run that he’d never make the mistake of underestimating exactly what it was that Steve felt for Tony).
“Tell us what happened last night,” Tony says, without losing a moment.
“Stay here,” Steve orders.
Tony scowls at his husband.
“You don’t seem to be mincing your words at all; so, what’s the point in asking you to stop?” Steve asks, with bone-deep weariness.
“I thought you were supposed to let us come to the conclusions on our own,” Steve says, snidely.
me. You left me alone. You abandoned me. I… God, I was a mess after you left. I… You
“I do, though,” Steve replies, unbearably soft, and Tony abruptly feels like going boneless at the reassurance. “I do worry about you.”
Tony shrugs. “I just thought we should have some time alone together,” he explains. He pouts. “Did I do wrong, Steve?”
“I know,” Steve says, solemnly, like he knows exactly what this means to him.
The corporal stops typing.
“Oh, please,” Grant scoffs, derisively, all sharp-cut contempt on his handsome face. “Even after everything, even the sheer disdain that my brother has shown you, the lack of care or decency, you would still continue to defend him to my face. You are clearly much stupider than I thought you were.”
Tony’s hand finds Steve’s.
“But… but how else would you know that James is the Winter Soldier; how would you…” Tony frowns. “Did you put the bugs in his apartment?”
“Fine.” Tony drags his hand over his face. “Look, I spoke to Loki. He’s an ass, but he basically said that there was… well, there was no changing what he’d done to you, that you’d be like this forever.”
“Fuck, you love that, don’t you?” Steve groans, watching as Tony swallows down his fingers, hungrily, his eyes fixed on Steve’s.
“I’m sure you’ve read our briefings.”
“Fuck,” Tony exhales, and his free hand slides into Steve’s hair.
Tony glowers at her hard enough to strip bark off a tree. “I grabbed it off his head.”
“Oh, no, I’m the receptionist,” Nat replies, her eyes cool and sharp.
“Just stay here,” he insists and flies off.
On the fridge are two pieces of paper, almost identical in the drawings that are etched over them in crude colour pencil. There are five figures in each drawing, barely an inch away from each other. Three of them have the same dark hair and dark eyes and dark skin. The other two stand on either side of the kids, with the third, tall dark-skinned adult in the middle. One has long dark strands on either side of his round face, and the other has a mop of yellow hair atop his head. One child has short hair and two, thick scratches as pants, and the other child has a triangular dress and long hair flicked out in the ends.
“I know,” he says, like it’s the only thing that’s grounding him in that moment. “I know you love me. I love you too.”
There’s no answer, there’s no whooping and the excited rushing up of his two children to meet him, clutching at his legs so that he’ll deign to lift them onto his hips.
“Why?” Maushmi pushes.
“I remember,” James says, quietly.
“No, no, no,” Thor reassures. “She would only remove his ability to speak.”
“It’s fine. I’m fine.”
“Oh, that’s because it could be. Nevertheless, one of them will be showing up with a gigantic bruise right on his forehead and I could not be happier,” Toni says, cheerfully.
“Okay, come here, have some Horlicks,” he says, putting out a glass on the counter.
“No, you, you need to, because I can’t have you walking out of here thinking that it’s because of I don’t want you, because I’ve
“Rogers, you’re in no condition,” Natasha declares, happy to be the bad guy if Tony can’t quite get the words out.
Surprise, surprise.
“Tony?” Sam’s surprised voice asks.
them that they were going on a double date with
“Yeah, well, you’re going to kill me or maim me anyway, and besides, you and I both know that you were never going to be reasonable or in any way civilized with the likes of me, you racist fucking bastard.”
“Right.” Natasha winces. “Well, she didn’t, exactly–”
Tony doesn’t know how to take that.
him instead of talking
for once in my life, as much as I could remember of it, and so, I stayed away from you as much as I could. I tried to be your friend, your protector, your sounding board, but never anything more, and you accepted it. You didn’t push. I knew… I knew you’d never push. Rhodey told me that.”
“I will, as long as you promise to take care of yourself as well,” Tony retorts. “Between the two of us,
“You talk about your marriage with her, though,” Tony points out, with a cruel and terrible flash of his pale, sharp teeth.
Tony grows cold on the inside. “I am not a fucking weakling,” he snarls, with his mouth pulled back to show his teeth. “I am not someone that gets taken advantage of, for fuck’s sake.”
It’s a nice ring, he muses.
Maushmi approaches him, her hands thrust out like she’s surrendering. “I told you this already,” she stammers. “I told you, we wanted you to grow up normal, Tony. We wanted you to forget. We didn’t want you carrying this for the rest of your life; we didn’t want this as a burden on your head, and you didn’t… you seemed to move on with your life,
“It was great! Today, we fingerpainted! Look at my fingers, Appa, they’re all blue!” Maushmi shoves her paint-stained fingers into his face.
“Well, either you’re wrong or Schmidt’s damn near rewritten the laws of physics.” Tony turns and moves towards his lab. “And I’m rather fond of the laws of physics.”
“We already said our goodbyes,” Peter points out.
“I’m on leave,” Tony explains. “My sire doesn’t like me to be too far away from the roost. Unbonded omega travelling the world with alphas and all. Too much scope for something horrible to happen, which, as you already know, can easily happen.”
It’s funny, something that meant so much to Tony, was so significant in his downward spiral these last few months means barely nothing to the star of his nightmares.
“I need you to calm down,” James says, his voice soft and unmoving.
Tony groans. “Oh, my God, I’m a terrible father.”
After about a dozen steps or so, Steve catches up to him, keeping stride.
“Right,” Tony says, quietly, popping it in his mouth and swallowing obediently.
“Are you sure… because I could just come back tomorrow for our date–”
“Oh, I think they’ll be talking about something else for a while now,” Steve says, heavily. “Tony, I won’t come to your chambers.”
Tony shakes his head.
Tony feels the flush creep up his throat and into his face. “Yeah?” he says, trying desperately to maintain his cool.
He lifts his arm and stares at the spot he’d just rubbed – the burn is there, the burn from the smouldering pipe, around the size and shape of a dollar coin.
me that you were feeling this way.”
“-to kill us?” Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Is that what you were going to say?”
Steve chuckles and surges up to his waist, hands falling to Tony’s thin hips. “It’s perfect,” he murmurs. “
Tony clears his throat. “I have troubles myself,” he explains, “with the whole erection thing, especially after Afghanistan – plus, you know, I had a very toxic relationship with alcohol and drugs back in the day. And at the risk of spoiling the post-coital mood with a conversation about my hedonist past, I’ve been with enough people to know that it’s not as uncommon as an issue that people might think it is. There’s a, well, a lot of stigma for men who can’t get hard, and most people don’t talk about other ways of coming, or how to, well, how to deal with those issues without the use of a little blue pill, so, yeah, there are ways to come without being hard. And now you’re a proud recipient of those ways.”
“Yeah, I know,” Tony says, gravely.
“And any of her compatriots, yes,” Tony says, haughtily, lifting his chin.
In another universe, they had a different beginning; in another universe, Bucky Barnes never went missing in Afghanistan, and he and Steve were out for a night in Cambridge and they saw a frat boy who wouldn’t leave some young man at the bar, and they made the frat boy leave him alone, and when he wouldn’t, when he said some unfortunate things and got his friends to back him up, it devolved into a complete, no holds barred fight that the young man joined in as well, and it ended with them spending the night in a jail cell, until the young man posted his and their bails, and he invited them to his place for a threesome.
Peter has a sullen look on his face, when he drags his eyes up to meet hers.
“You believe me now, Amma?” he asks, coldly.
“Steve is an archaeologist as well. He came looking for this,” Tony says, pulling the medallion from under the neckline of his shirt, handing it over to Bhim.
kissed
“And you fell for it,” Tony says, voice lined with disgust. “You fucking fell for it, and instead of thinking about this and acting rationally for a moment, you flew off the handle and decided to throw it in my face, demand an apology for my perceived sins against you. I don’t know why I ever thought you were different,” he muses, something vicious and defensive in his face. “I don’t know why I ever thought you were different to my father, to Ty; you’re all the same. You can fuck whomever you want, but the second, the fucking moment that you think that your lover, your husband, your wife, they’re stepping out on
When Bucky and Steve stride into the penthouse, Peter abandons Toni and the Lego Death Star that they’re building, rushing across the expanse of the lounge so that he can throw himself into Steve’s arms. Steve catches him with a laugh and swings him up into the air.
“Petey, I’d make you pancakes if I could, but it’s already 8:10, and we need to get you going, or you’re gonna be late for school,” Tony says, apologetically. “How about Cinnamon Toast Crunch?”
He will never be the same after any of this.
“You’re exaggerating,” Tony says, coldly. “Steve spends plenty of time with the kids.”
The mirror rights itself, and there is blood splattered all over the clean, unbroken face.
“Things will be better now,” he repeats, and then, he slams the blade of the knife into Grant’s throat at the same time the door to his chambers open, revealing a shocked, dirty Steve.
His mouth lands on Tony’s with bruising force, stealing all the air out of Tony’s lungs, and Tony can’t help himself, can’t stop himself from reaching for Steve with both arms, draping them around Steve’s shoulders, dragging him on top of Tony so that he can feel his weight atop his body.
“Tony–”
made them feel like that, and I…”
There’s a high, thin scream that blares through, and then, an awful thud, and the dial tone, and Tony lowers the phone, staring at the screen, bewildered.
“I should tell Steve everything, shouldn’t I?” Tony says, wearily, wrapping his arms around himself, as the idea rebels against it. “I should have a conversation about everything, about this woman, about his secrets, about his late nights and his conferences and his secret phone-calls. I should tell him about James, about what I’ve been doing with him.”
“Amma says that would mean that I’m your baby like I’m hers,” Peter tells them, firmly.
The way that he looks at Tony after making that statement indicates exactly whom he thinks Peggy had a crush
“It’s like everything I ever dreamed of doing. Fuck, I want to move. I want to keep fucking me.”
Tony smiles, obscenely, and lets his hand trail down his stomach, spider-walking its way, until his long, piano fingers curl around the base of his cock, stroking upwards quickly, biting his lip when his arousal deepens.
He tells him to act like the highborn omega that Obadiah knows that he can be; he tells Tony to do his duty, to not bring shame or dishonour upon his house.
“Have at it.”
“I should go,” Steve says, his mouth a flat, unwavering line. “But I don’t want to. Not because I,” he sighs, “not because I’m scared or something; it’s just…” he looks at the kids, and the longing opens up in his gaze, “I’ve spent so much time away from them.”
“Bold of you to assume that they won’t shoot you back,” Tony retorts.
He abruptly feels like one of those teenage girls showing up to a school dance in the same dress as someone else, the shame prickling at the back of his neck like he should sneak into the bathroom to change.
“I’m afraid I had an ulterior motive to coming to see your show, Steve,” Tony tells him, as they’re approaching Tony’s hotel.
Steve’s broad palm slides a hot line from his throat down the centre of his chest down to the buckle of his belt.
Tony opens his arms to James, opens his body to him hungrily, leans into the hand around his throat gladly, and clenches his insides around James’ cock, as Steve, inspired by James’ sudden move to practically choke Tony, closes his hand around the nape of James’ neck, fucking him into Tony with a slow, easy roll of his hips.
And then, there’s a fourth figure, with white skin, the paper filling in the colour, not brown, with yellow hair, standing quite a bit far apart from him and Peter and Maushmi, like on the other side of the page.
And then, Steve and Bucky each plant a kiss on Peter’s cheeks as well, and he tries to wriggle his way out of Toni’s arms, squealing, but she doesn’t let him go, allowing the flurry of kisses to fall on her son, now their son.
James shrugs. “You didn’t leave me a return address. You intrigued me.”
Tony feels the need to compensate. “I talked to Thor, though. He said that he’s not an expert in the things that Loki can do, but his mother is and he said that he would consult with her, to see if there’s a way to reverse it,” he says, quickly, hurriedly, reassuringly, stretching out a hand.
“No–”
Something melts on his inside. “I love you too,” he says, abashed.
“Nat,” Steve exclaims, joyously, standing up so quickly that the table rocks. “Nat, what are you doing here?”
“Bullshit,” he finally rasps. “Those conferences were bullshit. He’s been sneaking away with her, and I know it, I just…” he trails off. “And she started to make more of an appearance in my life. She even showed up at my house with take-out because Steve was too
“Well, you’re the one paying me, sir,” he says, coquettishly, and sidles over, perching primly on Steve’s knee.
“That’s a small price to say,” Steve says and dips his head down to brush his mouth over hers, curling a hand around the nape of her neck.
“They must really be traumatised,” Tony says, miserably.
“Fuck!” Tony curses, hitting the ground to avoid the pillar as it comes down.
“Hi, Bhim,” Tony says, stretching out his hand. “Thank you so much for this.”
eyes too.
Tony chuckles. “No, he’s not.”
“No, it’s fine Clint. Tony is in a good relationship. He’s become a father and he seems happy. That’s all I want for him. I just want him to experience happiness, love, and safety. If that’s all without me, I have to be fine with that,” Steve whispered.
Tony shrugged.
The phone call was cut short as Tony hung up and placed his phone in his back pocket. Peter had already reached Miles and was holding him by his hand. The woman had since left. Tony looked around trying to find the woman, but it was as though she had never been at the park.
“If you were awake, I wonder if you would laugh at my poor attempts of waxing poetry. Though for you I’d tell a thousand sonnets,” Steve said his voice taking on this sort of melodious presence.
“How can you stand here and tell me you’re leaving, when you told me you never should have left in the first place?”
“I swear to my mother’s grave I am not lying. I have never met Tony Stark. I have never laid eyes on the man. Please, just let me go. I can’t breathe.”
At the go-ahead, Steve thrust forward hands grabbing at Tony’s waist and pulling him into his own movements.
That shove resulted in a dislocated shoulder. Luka was sent off for a day. Ryder followed in his wake and kissed the shoulder. He popped it back in place and massaged the ache settling in. Tony almost said thank you.
“I…can we just talk about this later,” he said trying to find his voice.
“But it’s not Steve. Those nightmares aren’t because of you,” Tony said.
“So it’s my fault. All of this is. It’s like no matter how hard I try I keep failing at protecting the people I love and it all started with this serum. Erskine said to me,” Steve began to quote.
Mr. Moore waved him off. “It’s no problem really. Just tell me how he reacts to it. I always love hearing those stories.”
Sam raised a brow. He looked to Thor then to his building. His brow furrowed and he looked at Tony slightly. Tony caught the mischievous look and briefly wondered if he should intercept what Sam was planning. He knew he should, it would be the proper adult thing for him to do.
Despite what any of them would say later, Tony did not limp to his lab. No, he walked gracefully there. The throbbing in his right big toe was not from stubbing it on a wall. Rather it was the cause of the numbness, from not walking around in a bit, setting in. He certainly was not going to address how both Natasha and Clint shifted closer to them, shoulders a hair width’s apart, when Tony noticeably started growing more tired. Unfortunately, Tony was never the one to outwardly address he needed support. So while he knew it was there, he couldn’t find it in his behavior to rest a hand on Clint’s shoulder to shift the weight off his throbbing leg or to ask Natasha if they could slow down because the pain in his ribs was fucking tearing him apart.
“I need to watch Tony,” Steve said.
Steve let that folder be for a bit, not wanting Isak to lay his eyes on Tony no matter it being photos or else.
“Damn,” Rhodey whistled.
“No, because I do not like any of you. You all made baba cry. So I don’t want to color with you,” Miles announced to everyone. “No good colors for bad people.”
Isak looked back to his brother and sighed. “If I’m not back in thirty minutes, he probably killed me.”
Isak laughed. “If you had changed, you would have admitted your crimes and gone to prison to serve time. If you had changed, you would have stayed wherever the hell you were and left me and my family alone.”
“We’re finished,” Steve said. “There are no more reasons to continue this interrogation. It’s over. You can’t hurt Tony anymore. And before this day is over I’ll make sure that you never even say Tony’s name again.”
“My whole family took her into our homes, into our hearts. He became serious and reserved. We all figured this was him becoming mature. He was finally growing into a respectable young man. They stayed together for seven years,” she said.
“Has anyone said anything in the group yet?” Steve asked as they made their way back to the Tower, where hopefully Pepper and Rhodey were still keeping Tony out of.
Tony turned to him and nodded. Steve stood out of his seat as Tony went to hand Miles to Pepper. Miles enthusiastically settled into Pepper’s lap to tell her how much fun he was having with the toy science kit Pepper had given to him for Christmas.
Natasha worried her bottom lip between her teeth. Ignoring Tony’s cries and weak pushes, she gathered him in her arms and pulled a misplaced towel. She leaned him back against her chest and looked toward the door waiting for someone to come in and help her because she’s lost.
“I didn’t know you missed me so much. If I had known, I would have come back sooner. I wouldn’t have pretended to be my brother for so long,” Ryder proclaimed.
“I don’t know. It sounded funny,” Miles giggled squishing Tony’s cheeks in between his two hands. “I was going to show her my Spiderman toy, but she left.”
“That’s alright Jaime. I’m happy to see him,” Tony replied, settling Miles onto his lap. “I’ll keep him for now. Thank you.”
“What are you going to do now cry and bitch like a baby? We already have one in the house for a few weeks. We don’t need another. I’m going out. I’m on call for the night shift. When I come back from the hospital please look somewhat decent,” Ryder said.
The two continued playfully bickering and showering together. Finally, after a few slight distractions Steve and Tony were dressed and waiting outside to greet the kids who were completely ready for their last day before their spring break.
“Look there better not be another time,” Ryder stressed. “But if he does have an attack where I’m not available just talk to him and get him to listen to you going on about just small things. Adjective and noun is just one mindless conversation, but it’s simple enough that your brain is confused as to why this new information is being sorted in, so it takes the times to address this new onslaught of thoughts while storing away the thoughts that were brought to the forefront causing it anxiety,” Ryder explained.
“I’d rather you didn’t,” Tony said angrily. “I’d rather that you tell me how to get out of here.”
“Are you serious?” Tony screeched, completely okay with the idea of not going on any more rides.
With those thoughts outside of his head, he stepped outside of the shower the cool air quickly chilling his skin. He choose to forego his suit today because it clung too tightly to his skin and was uncomfortable when the fabric rubbed against his scars and bruises. He grabbed a sweater and some jeans and quickly pulled them on.
Peter let out a breath of air shakily. “I don’t want what I’m saying to make you feel bad. That’s not my intention. I’m just angry and not at you.”
The boy crossed his arms over himself. “So here I am trying to be good here because Mr. Stark is nice and…” he stopped mid-sentence. “He promised that once a week he’d be here to take me to see my mom. But he’s not here and I haven’t fucking seen her in a month. I couldn’t even…” his voice caught up on a wet laugh. “I couldn’t even welcome the new year with her.”
Steve looked at her unsure how to answer the question. Instead he walked away and went to tell Julie and Harley to start heading to the car. The car ride back to Karen’s was spent in silence. Harley stared blankly out the window and Julie had tried consoling him, but had decided it was best to give him his space. When they arrived back, Ms. Karen looked at them curious as to why they were back so early. Natasha and Julie stayed behind to talk as Steve followed Harley to his room.
Steve began calling Tony and the phone rang for a few seconds, before reaching the voicemail. “Hi, you’ve reached Tony…DUM-E put that down…crap…U…no you can’t eat that…ugh is this still recording? Pepper I don’t need-”
“So please don’t lie to me now. Don’t put me through this pain of thinking that…the person I love isn’t here.”
His team was falling apart without Tony. There was this hole and nothing could fill it. Now they had to rely on some stranger to give them the only chance to find Tony. He hated how he had to rely on someone else…he hated the unsurety of it. He hated how it made him feel uneasy.
“I’m not a child Natasha. I know how to put the straw in the juice cup,” Clint said, but still taking the offered drink.
“Steve. Nice to meet you,” he greeted in response.
“Speaking of gag, did you know Sam doesn’t have a-”
“Why’d you lie son?” Steve asked.
However, he knew and accepted that all of that would come at a later time.
“Someone that allowed this call to happen. Now what did you just say?”
“What did you do wrong?”
“Of course,” Tony said, even knowing that he was definitely going to win.
Tony reflectively pondered for a bit, waiting for a name to come to him. “Iron Bear.”
Frustration rested like a thick blanket in the tower. Agents and Avengers were armed alike, ready to go search the location. They were so close and were conscious not to make any mistakes. The driver had been entirely helpful, but there was still no room for error. Everyone was on their toes.
“You let me know any information that you find,” Peter said reluctantly dragging his feet behind Pepper.
“No, lab,” Steve stressed.
He tried blinking himself awake, but couldn’t feel himself do so. His head lolled to the side and rested on Ryder’s chest. He fell asleep thinking how much he wished the beat thrumming against his ear would stop.
He certainly didn’t have that with Ryder.
Ryder hummed in the back of his throat and Tony hoped that this wasn’t the beginning of another argument. He just did not have any energy left in him to try defending himself or his actions. He was drained.
“I’m just saying.”
“Then the chill will set in, you may get hypothermia. May lose a few fingers to a limb or two. Your vision will deteriorate to the point where you won’t even be able to recognize the physical changes to your body.”
“That’s not-”
“Yes, because I would love to be bit by a spider and climb things,” the voice said in a deadpan voice. “It would have been far more interesting if you had developed eight legs.”
Sam swooped his head so fast to Natasha. Natasha lifted a shoulder. “Pepper is not a woman to mess with. And when you mess with her family. Oh, it’s game over. You’re lucky that I suggested that trip in the first place.”
“Yeah, Tony you laugh now. But just wait until Miles starts webbing it up or builds his own suit to fight bad guys in,” May huffed not pleased with how Tony was laughing at her.
All of a sudden, laughter whelmed inside of Tony and tumbled outside of his lips. Bright tears poured out of his eyes and he struggled to control the gasps that accompanied the peals of laughter.  Natasha looked all too entirely pleased with herself as her shoulder bumped into Tony’s.
“You all went to an amusement park?” Tony said, thoughts of the coldness slowly fading into the distance.
“I’ll be sure to pass on those exact sentiments,” Steve said grabbing a spoon and taking some soup from Tony’s bowl.
Tony laughed brightly and began working on the ingredients that Natasha has pulled out. It was slow and soothing work as the two passed each other in the kitchen collectively working on making breakfast.
“Do you love him?” Steve questioned, hoping his face didn’t belay the fear he had while asking this.
Tony had to bite the insides of his lips to stop from laughing.
“It’s not your fault. I should have realized a long time ago that I stopped being anyone they cared about back in Siberia.”
“Okay.”
“Okay,” Ryder whispered.
Natasha turned her head around to look at the trains that were situated in the main lobby. She then looked back at Julie.
“Well, you are lucky. I have just the venue that opened up that will fit this life-changing decision. My men and women will be fit to work alongside those of your CMPNY to give you more muscle. Though I do want a front row seat to the destruction of Stark,” the voice quipped. “It will be joyfully wondrous to see his damnation.”
He turned to look at Steve and whispered urgently, “You don’t think that Aunt Nat will like kill me right? I’m fairly certain I’m high in the rank of nephews, dad.”
Miles smiled brightly at him and raised his hands for Tony to pick him up. “Oh so my big boy wants to be carried? I thought you were too big for that, hmm?” Miles hid his face in Tony’s shoulder and giggled.
Natasha then stood up to make herself something to eat, before sitting on the floor next to Clint. Everyone continued to watch the Food Network channel and all the shows that were coming on. Nearly an hour later, Tony came in with Tony and Peter.
“I’m sorry,” Miles said, from around the lollipop.
Natasha noticed, once a shiver went through Tony. His whole body vibrated with the force of it. His teeth chattered and his vision blurred. Natasha took one glance at Clint and spoke to Clint, Russian and a mixture of ASL. Her tone was hurried and rushed as though she didn’t want Tony to understand the meaning of it, despite Tony knowing neither Russian nor ASL. Sure, he had picked up a key few phrases from living with the two of them over the years. But with Natasha going the way she was going there was no way he could focus on interpreting the message.
Karen appeared to contemplate this before nodding. “Okay, well since you’re not adopting you don’t have to fill out a whole lot of forms. However, since we are releasing him into your care there will be a few things you have to fill out. Are you okay with going with Tony for a few days Miles?”
“Well, I am going to leave you all here and go visit my man,” Ryder announced. “Oh, but before I leave I want to give you these invitations for a party this Saturday. Now it’s a surprise party, so please do your best not to spoil the event for Tony. It is truly going to be special.”
“Thank you,” Miles whispered bringing both toys closer to his body.
Tony laid out some warm clothes and waited for Miles to finish brushing his teeth. When Miles came out of the restroom, he flashed his teeth at Tony.
Spit was thrown onto the eye of Ryder as Tony cut his fingers into the underside of Ryder’s knee. Backs bounced off the walls. Wounds opened and released their cries onto the floor beneath them.
He placed it against the dashboard of his car and waited for one of the staff to greet him. One of the school teachers, came by the car looked at the dashboard and spoke into their walkie talkie to bring one Miles Stark out for pick-up.
“Right, alright by sweetheart. Do great things today,” Steve said calling after him.
“What happened?”
“Steve tell him to stop,” Natasha gritted out.
“It all changed when he met my father.”
Cali looked at him sadly. “You can’t, but I know you can’t trust them even more. I don’t like doing this line of work and I can’t let them hurt you like this. You don’t deserve it.”
“Baba! I missed you! Mr. Steve says you went on a trip, but you would be back soon. But baba it’s been forever,” Miles drawled. “I don’t like when you’re gone baba. When you coming back?”
Steve looked down to the jeans he was wearing and the coat jacket he had put on in a hurry. “No, I’m not. I’m just going out.”
“You know Tony doesn’t like that particular nickname,” Steve noted as he leaned back against the counter with crossed arms.
“Who cares about how tall it is. The colorful one rocks,” one kid added.
When Steve closed his bathroom door to step inside his bedroom, he was surprised to see Tony hovering over his StarkPad, one he had no doubt gotten very interested in as Natasha had left to go get some water. A warm smile brightened his equally tired expression. Steve wanted to run his hands through Tony’s hair and entreat him to get a few more hours of sleep.
A few minutes later Miles had cleared his plate and Steve was wondering what they should do until Tony woke up or whatever they were doing in that room was finished.
Steve had hoped he wouldn’t run into Tony on his way out. He had hoped that Tony would be arriving later, but as things would have it Steve just could not catch a break. His chest clenched and he felt sparks of pain settle there. He didn’t want to physically have this conversation and he couldn’t lie about the real reason those bags were there.
Steve could almost imagine the eye roll that Tony was sure to give.
“Is my sister okay?” Cali questioned.
“It’s from Steve,” Tony whispered not liking how Miles seemed to perk up. Maybe he needed to lessen the time spent between those two. Oh, wait he didn’t need to because Steve left.
After all she was the one who told Ryder to come back to America because the Accords had left Tony by himself and that was exactly the opportunity that he had been waiting for.
“I need you to touch me,” Tony explained.
Tony scrambled quickly to his knees and began picking up the pieces of glass with his hands. Steve winced as each piece would pierce Tony’s skin even more. Tony refused to look at Steve in the eyes as he tried cleaning up his mess.
Karen’s eyes looked concernedly between Miles and Tony. Karen would never dare say anything to Tony right now, but she had always assumed eventually Tony would adopt Miles. Now never say she had ulterior motives for agreeing to let Tony bring Miles home, when she would have never let any other person do the same. But maybe this would bring Tony to the decision he’s clearly been contemplating since he came to her orphanage.
Helen bit her lip and sighed. “Right now we have him sedated. Tony was rather irritable and highly agitated. Whatever drugs he was on, those patches and pills…by the way Bruce I may need your help on further analyzing its contents.”
Tony had stumbled over the two that day sleeping in the main room. Miles had curled up on Steve’s chest with a crayon placed firmly in his hand. There were coloring books and crayons strewn carelessly over the floor. On their cheeks looked something like drying paint. Tony had taken a picture of the moment and set it as his screensaver. Tony was happy mainly because he still had plains for Miles to become an artist. He had hopes that would steer him away from any possible superhero business. He also was also getting him some science kits for kids for Christmas. So he had two options at the ready.
Everyone looked on at Tony’s parental display with varying degrees of amusement. Peter sat down with Miles on the floor beside Natasha.
Steve almost dropped the packet of meat in his hand.
“When I was your friend in college, I wanted nothing more than to be with you. Even then. Howard knew how I felt for you and perhaps that’s why I received that internship. I think he wanted to make sure you had a stable partner. He saw something in me and I am hoping you see the same,” Ryder softly sang.
“You feel what?” Pepper asked her voice slightly muffled by the sandwich bite she had taken.
Steve. “Don’t. Please don’t.”
Steve looked toward Wanda who was smiling softly at Vision.
Tony sat back looking around himself and smiling softly at just the pure happiness that was encompassing the room. Harley by then had taken to playing with Julie and Miles. Miles meanwhile kept “discreetly” making kissing faces at the two.
“After a year, you should know. Do you love him?”
, Tony kept telling himself.
Wanda walked up to them, followed by Vision. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but I wanted to say something.”
“I have Ryder,” Tony muttered. “I have Ryder and I can’t do that to him. I can’t.”
Tony turned to look at him, once more.
And by God bless the poor soul
“Dead idiots,” Ryder pointed out looking briefly at the Avengers and managed to get out watery laugh out of Tony. “There’s my guy. Okay, soft couch. Though we really ought to get a new one. Okay, feel like participating? Green cup.”
“Come on in and out Steve. Match me.”
Each apartment was beautifully made, with the intent to be a home for however long they needed it to be. Any changes could be made, once the families moved in. There were apartments specifically designated for those with younger children, the apartment being more childproof and closer to the childcare office.
Ryder kissed the spot behind Tony’s ears and leaned back. “I’m going to be gone for the rest of the day. I do hope that you will behave. I have a wonderful present for you, when I do return.”
“Yes, I do. Look is it something I did. I’ll change. I can’t change something, if I don’t know. So what do I have to do to get you to stay, huh?” Tony questioned still walking back and forth. “Do I need to change my attitude, my work hours? What needs to happen?”
He didn’t know what happened next. He just remembered water, bodies being thrown against walls, and bones crunching.
“Always…always tired here Steve. I want to go home and see my son,” Tony slurred. “Are you coming to get me? Ryder…Ryder told me you pr’bly forgot. I…I figured that…true, but don’t forget me please…I just want to see my bambino. I promise I’ll be good and I’ve been patient. Ryder…he…he likes my patience I think, said I was bad at it before. Tryna…tryna be good. Is that why you haven’t find me yet? Gotta wait til I’m good?”
“And I know I’ve said this many times, but it begs to be repeated since none of you are getting it through your heads,” Ryder said, taking a cursory glance over all three of them, “Tony needed this. He needed someone taking control again and since you could not fulfill that role I stepped in.”
“And I’ll get a cheeseburger? I really want a cheeseburger Steve. They don’t…they only give me these weird patches and say they’ll make me full, but they only make me tired. Cali snuck me a milkshake though and other food sometimes. She’s nice,” Tony slurred. “I’m sleepy. I can’t talk anymore.”
“Hey, there’s nothing lame or boring about being Peter Parker either,” Steve inserted into the conversation.
Right now, he could just forget his brief moment of weakness and leave.
Because wasn’t Ryder safe?
He didn’t need to. Steve would have accepted the handhold no explanation needed. Steve squeezed the fingers once more. He allowed himself a few seconds to stare at Tony’s face, before the day’s events caught up to him and he realized that he had become just as tired as Tony looked.
“DUM-E that wasn’t nice,” Tony reprimanded as DUM-E grew closer. Tony noticed the coffee cup in DUM-E’s hands and took it. “Thanks, DUM-E. Coffee is just what I need.”
“Well this has been fun, but I think Tony and I will have much more fun in a private setting. And Agent Romanov you can stop trying to track us, where we go no map follows,” Ryder said ending the call just as a sharp slap was heard echoing out of Steve’s phone.
Steve wanted to speak up, but let the boy continue speaking.
Thankfully, Ryder pulled back and leaned forward to speak in hushed tones to the driver. Cali turned worried eyes at Tony. Their eyes met and Tony hoped he could convey a desire to leave into his eyes. He hated to plead. He hated to ask for help, but he needed it. He just needed her to reach for his wrist and push…
“I mean Tony never admits what he truly needs. He just expects people to know his moods, likes, dislikes, and everything underneath the sun. And trust me I tried. Captain, you must believe me. I tried ever since we were young men just becoming adapted to college life. I tried so hard.”
“Steve, I didn’t tell you so that you could persuade me to change my mind,” Bekah explained. “My decision is set. I’m applying and if accepted I have about three weeks before I leave.”
He looked at Bucky.
“Tony,” Sam says, in that patient, fearless way that Tony has always appreciated from him, “Tony, you know that’s not as odd that you think it is, right?”
me to bite you. You never said–” He’s setting his shoulders in a defensive slant, as though he’s going to war against Tony. “Tony, you
“Steve,” Tony says, uncertainly.
Tony purses his lips thin. “The Soviet Union
“Steve, it’s okay.”
Written for the "loss of innocence" square (N1) for the STB Bingo.
“Fine, do you believe that
Steve orders a pepperoni for himself, because he very rarely gets the chance to have meat-filled pizza, and Tony orders two cheese pizzas for him and the twins, which is more than enough for them and will even have some leftover in a takeaway box to put in the fridge for when the twins get hungry outside the usual meal times.
“It’s not like that. He treats me… he treats me like a king too,” Tony says, quietly.
“Uh, Tony, it’s kind of dark in here.”
Stone shuts his mouth with an audible noise.
Steve nods to himself. “And why did he tell you that?”
“No,” Steve rasps. “No, you absolutely did not do wrong.”
I know a lot of people have concerns about the gun thing. Look, you can disagree with me, but in my opinion, considering that we only have things from Tony's POV and we know what he's been going through the last few months, I do feel like we have to give Steve a bit of a break on that, because it does look bad for Tony from where Steve is sitting – if Tony actually were a Nazi, I'd want Steve to actually consider killing him, and you can not believe him all you like, but Steve was pretty clear that he would have let Tony leave, safe and unharmed, even if he actually was a villain. I just hope you can allow Steve that one thing, because I may not be able to address it in a way that makes everyone happy here.
Something soft curls inside his chest – this part of their marriage hasn’t changed.
“Don’t believe a word she says about her husband, goodbrother. She has every need to protect his image,” Grant drawls. “But is important that Ser James has a fearsome aspect. He is the captain of my brother’s guards, in charge of all the security in the Brooklyn Lands. If the wicked do not fear Ser James, we have put the wrong man in the office.”
Steve leans down to nudge his nose against the bare curve of Tony’s shoulder. “What, a guy can’t try and apologise for acting like a real heel earlier?”
“You fucking prick, you fucking fuck–”
“Just tell me if he’s alive, sir,” Steve pleads, his voice growing heated.
“See, you’ve forgotten the bad dream,” Pepper insists, nudging at Tony with her socked foot. “Didn’t I tell you?”
But they don’t say a word.
Steve’s smile is small and hard-fought. “Do you?” he says, soft with disbelief and almost mocking. “Do you really? Even like this?”
he told me that tonight’s the night that you don’t cook and that he brings take-out, and so, I offered to bring it over for you, because I knew you’d be busy with the kids.”
“Nah, I think Stevie told them you weren’t feeling well.”
“Don’t go on the street. Stay on the curb, by the doors, where I can see you,” Tony says, sternly.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip.
“I don’t think you have another option,” Steve retorts. “There isn’t a fucking ladder anywhere.”
“Well, it’s not always that simple, but…” Toni hesitates, “are you sure about this?”
?” James says, his voice sharp, and when Tony looks over his shoulder, there’s a gun in James’ hand as well.
into that? Did I
world, he’s just human. Between the two of us, we could take him.”
“That sounds complicated,” Peter says, uncertainly.
Natasha has to leave, though, one day; she has to leave because her sister, Yelena, is ill, and Natasha is the only one to care for her. She promises that she will return as soon as possible, and Tony allows her to leave with a smile, even if the dread is opening a pit in his belly, as he embraces her goodbye.
“I am, I’m sure,” Tony promises.
“Don’t be. This is a really stressful time for you,” Tony says, immediately. “Just… don’t make any assumptions about what I’m attracted and not attracted to.”
Collaborator Name: Simi
James’ face scrunches up. “Seriously?”
“I know that you used me,” Tony retorts, a breathless ache in his chest. “I know that you’ve been using me for years. I know that you stick your cock in me like I’m some fucking
that. I don’t tell people how I feel, even if they are my fucking husband. For fuck’s sake, Steve, I’ve known Rhodey for more than half of my life, and I still don’t tell him everything. I am… fucked up. I keep everything to myself, and when I’m hurt, I internalise everything and I turn it into
“And this has nothing to do with the fact that the two of you are clearly in a romantic relationship?” Fury prods.
?” Abraham says, his lips quirking up at the corners.
“You are allowed to grieve him, even in front of me. If he’d lived,” Tony takes a deep breath, “if he’d lived, maybe we’d have never been friends, but I’d have respected your friendship, and I’d like to think that he’d have respected our marriage too. I just… if you want to talk about him and Wilson, I’ll listen. Besides, I didn’t have a problem with Wilson. Hell, I liked the guy.”
Steve’s eyes widen. “I didn’t think,” he licks his lips, “I didn’t think you
He sobs and throws himself into Steve’s arms, clutching at him.
He walks out of the pub into the cool night, his breath curling like smoke in the air. He rests his back against the brick wall of the alley, his eyes closed, and then, there’s a body bracketing him there. He knows by scent who it is, and when he tips his head up, Steve gives him the kiss that he’d been wordlessly asking for.
Peter walks in, in a little suit, tugging at the hems with a disgruntled look on his face.
Steve huffs out a laugh. “I won’t, I promise.”
“Go and grab your backpacks, and I’ll meet you at the door in five,” he tells her.
, he says, dramatically, full of venom, and Tony knows, despite how much that Steve liked Fury, how many times they’ve had him over for dinner, because Tony has always been a good host, a good house husband, the way that his mother taught him, that Steve and Fury’s relationship will never be the same, if only for the fact that it’s landed Tony and Steve on this brown suede couch.
Steve huffs. “Of course I do. I just…” he swallows, “I just, this morning, I could have fucked you into the mattress, gone all night, and now, I can’t… I can’t even keep it up for a couple of minutes, and now, I’m just…” he looks down at his limp cock, hanging against his thigh, “I’m just
“Shoot them both!” he shrieks.
“Fine,” Tony says to himself, grinding his teeth, and pushes himself away from his workstation.
Tony shrugs. “He didn’t have any family members. His parents were both dead. He didn’t have any brothers or sisters. I was the closest and only thing he had to a friend. And when he died, he left me everything. It left me only minutely richer than I already am,” he says, dismissively. “I went to the funeral.
“Are you absolutely fucking kidding me?” Tony snaps, struggling anew.
Grant will wait until the moon is high in the sky before coming to him, so Tony prepares himself. He readies the bed and the curtains, drains the wine in the flask in his room, and he prays.
“Tony, please, please don’t go.”
The last thing for them to do is exchange the garlands, and once they’ve done that, without the usual
All the while, Peter and Maushmi can’t stop bouncing.
On the TV show, to orchestral music, the dancers are moving around the floor.
“Where did you get that?” Maushmi demands.
“Yeah, but Sharon doesn’t really like anyone other than Steve and Nat.”
Tony’s a little embarrassed of the high, needy whine that escapes him, as he tears at the sheets.
James nods. “If you tell us when you’re scared, we can reassure you. That’s what we want to do, Tony. We want you to know that we love you and we ain’t leaving you. You’re it for us, you’re home, and we’re coming back every single fucking time.”
Eshe leans back. “I think you’re hiding behind the rule,” she says, bluntly.
,” he says, roughly.
“Why?” Tony taunts. “Are you willing to offer more?”
Steve deflates after a moment. “Only if you want to, of course,” he says, faultlessly polite.
The top hits the wall three feet from a cringing Tony and smashes through to a black chamber beyond, Steve flying off into the darkness.
Steve turns on his side, so that he can face Tony properly. “Why are you so bothered by a nightmare?” he asks, softly.
Toni nods.
“Well, I suppose… the immediate answer is polyamory, but somehow I don’t think we’re ready for that,” Tony muses.
Tony remembers what his sex life was like before he met Steve, even if he’d only been something like seventeen, but he remembers it in colourful detail. He was still at MIT back then, a veteran of the hook-up scene even at that age. He remembers night after night, the sweat, the smell, the gracelessness of the body on top of him, moving over him, grunting vulgarly, the taste of beer on his breath. There was the occasional guy who slapped him so that he could come, and Tony very rarely got orgasms out of the ordeals as a satisfying compensation for the indignity he forced himself to through.
Steve’s head dips, his mouth sucking a bruise onto Tony’s throat, just below his bonding gland, and Tony shudders right down from head to toe, his hands fisting in the sheets. He splays his legs open, feet resting on the mattress, and Steve settles between his legs, painfully handsome. Tony sighs, when Steve sets his teeth on his skin, nipping, marking, his hands tight in the alpha’s hair, and then, Steve moves lower.
And then, Steve falls beside him, and Tony splays his hand over his own chest, against which he can feel his heart pumping erratically. He tries to slow his breathing, but it’s still some time before he thinks he can get enough air in his lungs.
He doesn’t.
Howard purses his lips and looks away. “I wouldn’t hesitate to do it again,” he says, firmly. “You’re my
“But I knew that wouldn’t happen,” he says, woodenly. “I knew I’d just be left standing there, as my heart was left in a thousand, shattered, scattered pieces in my chest, and you’d start packing your bags, and the kids would start crying as you told them that you still loved them, that you’d come and visit them, but you had to go now. And then, the kids would start asking me why Daddy’s leaving, and I wouldn’t know how to answer any of their questions.” He inhales, and his lungs ache with the effort. “And then, of course, at some stage over the next few weeks, months, years, you’d get married to Natasha, have lovely, white babies with her, and you’d stop visiting your first family, your first husband and your eldest kids, and Peter and Maushmi, as they grew up and you stopped caring and visiting, they’d… they’d become just like me, they wouldn’t believe that they’re loved; they’d only believe the fact that their father inevitably abandoned them for a new, more socially conventional and racially acceptable family, and it’s all because I wasn’t good enough for you to stay.”
The Giant Nazi exchanges an alarmed look with Steve, and together, they swing the pistol towards the surprised second Nazi, and it takes two pulls of the trigger to blow him away.
Coulson stares at him for a beat, before shrugging and nodding towards one of his lieutenants.
Wanda’s gaze doesn’t look too damning, so he goes on.
Ms Lewis smiles, as if she already knew that. “They’re good with their sounds, and they can rhyme words. They’re already ahead of the class in their reading. In fact, I saw Peter reading James and the Giant Peach, the other day?”
“Tony,” Steve says, fearlessly, angling his face to look at Tony. “Tony, I
“Oh,” Tony says, lamely.
This feels like the same, feels like all of those nights together, but it lacks those blankets, that definitive understanding that Tony had fooled himself into believing that Steve loved him, loved him the way that Tony loved him, that even if Howard hated it and hated the idea of them, they had each other, and that was enough.
They make-out slow and steady for a few moments, and Tony can feel the beginnings of heat curling low in his belly, a solid clench that feels comforting and uneasy like it always us.
He just wanted someone to peel it back, that handsome, intelligent veneer and see the person that was underneath,
“Why the hell didn’t you tell me?” Tony asks, furiously. He rounds on his mother. “When I came to you, you told me in vivid fucking detail what you all did to Obadiah Stane but you failed to mention that he fucking
Tony runs his tongue over the seam between his lips, which still throb, tingle. “I wouldn’t mind,” he says, carefully, boldly, tilting his chin up, “if you did that again.”
“So, what do you want to do? Tell me, and-and I’ll figure out a way to make it happen,” Steve says, firmly.
“Unless you want that piece that you want to burn alongside my bar, you’ll wait a minute!”
“What, are you going to stand there and deny that you knew?” Steve asks, incredulously.
program. That’s why her call signal is the Black Widow. She’s one in a long line of Russian assassins designed to topple various democratic nations in Russia’s bid to run the world.”
“Stay here!” Steve warns.
, he thinks.
“I know,” Tony says, quietly.
“He’s my husband.”
groomspeople, and only Natasha remains. So, he gets Natasha and Thor and Bruce (Clint is conveniently missing from all the festivities, but after what he’s lost, Tony doesn’t actually blame him – he
“I could not have trusted that,” he replies, his voice blunt. “I could not have trusted that you would not immediately see some fault in my actions. I do not know you, Lady Natasha. We are not friends, and I was glad… to have you in my chambers these last few months; you spared me a great amount of grief, but I could not trust that you would not go spilling the tale of my dishonour to everyone else. If… if Steve had reacted differently than the way he acted tonight, well, I would be dead.”
Tony plants his feet on the mattress and spreads them, so that Steve can see his balls and a hint of his rim as well.
“Of course I will,” James says, softly.
Peter pouts. “You’re always working.”
Tony sits up and throws himself at Obadiah, knocking both of them to the floor, and then, Steve’s phone lights up with his ringtone for Tony – Iron Man by Black Sabbath.
This time around, she wants to do it properly.
“We had a bad dream,” Peter mutters against his shoulder, his hair tickling Tony’s cheek, as he wraps those small arms around his neck.
Steve nods. “She convinced me it would be better off to see what happened, because she didn’t want to put you in danger if I flew off the handle, and she was right,” he says, defensively, “because if I had come in there, something terrible could have happened to you; I could’ve hurt you.”
Tony aches to open his mouth, to tell someone how uncomfortable this makes him, this unwanted attention by a man who should be family to him, but he has no friends here, no Rhodey, no Pepper, no one that he can trust – Natasha is there, and sometimes, when they speak about household things, he thinks she knows there is something going on, that there is something that he wants to talk about, but he’s too scared to bring it up, in case she thinks that he invited this sort of behaviour on himself, that he himself had acted improperly with his goodbrother, which led to Grant believing that he could behave this way and his attentions would be welcome.
“And you’d stay here forever?”
The wire fence crackles underneath Tony’s spine, and the hand around Steve’s tie loosens, so that he can drape his arms around Steve’s shoulders.
Maushmi stares at it, dumbfounded.
Tony hangs on to the top three feet, all that remains above. The forward movement of the submarine continues, but, to Tony’s slowly dawning delight, the dive stops. No more of the periscope goes under.
Steve hangs his head, and his hand comes up, devoid of his glove, to cradle the unburned side of Tony’s cheek.
Tony gets into the backseat of his car with Ana, while his mother and Jarvis sit up front, with the latter in the driver’s seat.
“I know, I know,” Steve says, almost annoyed at himself. “I just… I had ideas about how this would all go, and it… it’s not going to be like this anymore.”
Tony nudges her in the side with his elbow. “Worked like a charm,” he teases.
“I’m datin’ Toni,” Steve agrees.
The twins are busy licking up the stringy cheese as it drifts away from the pizza base, when Tony’s phone begins to ring, shrilly.
“What’s with the accent, Queen Victoria?” one of the alpha recruits jeers at Agent Carter. “I thought I was signing up for the U.S. Army.”
“No,” James says, slowly.
At first, the water just tastes stale, and then, he tries to get up, get out, because his lungs start to burn, protesting the lack of air, but they hold him down. There are four of them, and only one of him, and so, he can’t seem to dislodge them.
Tony takes a deep breath so that no one sees how terrified he is, because there are new arrivals in the doorway to the tent, Zola, the Nazi that burned down Tony’s bar, who is a black leather case. He steps forward and smiles at Tony.
“If it could work only once, he’d be proud it was you,” he promises.
Tony’s throat clears. “Yes, Jarvis?” he says, composing his voice as best as he can.
Wanda leans back against her pillow. “I’m glad,” she says, satisfied.
“Really, because it sounds like that,” Tony says, his voice light.
Toni pinches the bridge of her nose. “You two suck,” she stresses.
“How do you feel?” Tony manages to push out.
“Don’t worry,” he reassures. “You're not gonna change into a… I don’t know.” He falters. “Okay, so, you won’t turn into Frankenstein, and the nurse over here isn’t Nurse Ratched.”
Tony runs his tongue over his lower lip at the reminder.
When Steve hands them over, the twins start foraging inside the pack and they exclaim when they finally get their hands on what they’re looking for.
“If I ruin this, if I push too much, too fast, too quickly, it won’t be mine.”
be a CEO of a multi-billion-dollar company and frankly I don’t know how you do it – but they get so focused on their work and they assume that the children’s’ needs are taken care of that they forget to show up, to be a presence, just so the kids actually see you there.”
Steve grins, just for a moment, switching the vibrations higher. The resounding sensation makes Tony yelp and seize up, hand fisting in the sheets like he wants to escape the vibrator and Steve’s hold.
Tony is praying wordlessly.
“He has but a brother, a twin brother, I hear,” Pepper tells him. “Not as skilled with a sword as Lord Steven is, but sharper with his tongue. His brother acts as his castellan and in charge of the castle and the lands while Lord Steven is away at war. His mother and father are both dead. He has a few friends that he trusts, all of them knights at his hand. But you would not be walking into an established family.”
Other omegas, the omegas of high society, which Tony does belong to, even if the Starks are considered
That same suggestive look returns to Barnes’ eyes, and Tony’s fairly certain that he can take it from there.
“It’s okay, Tony!” Maushmi sounds wrecked, sobbing. “He’s long gone.”
and used it to describe your idea of a pure German race. My gods will never give you a favor; they don’t give people like you, who do the things that
When Tony turns around, the hall monitor raises his hand, and it’s tipped with long, metal spikes.
Sam shakes his head. “It’s not what you think.”
Then, Tony remembers the way that Steve had spoken to him when they were having sex last night, the possessive diatribe that he’d been dealt.
Tony blinks at Steve. “How did you know that?”
“I have lied about a lot, I know. I lied about my job, about the late nights, about Natasha and what we were to each other.”
“Yeah, I did.”
Peter shrugs and starts fidgeting with his hands. “I don’t know. I’ve never called them Daddy before,” he reminds her, solemnly. “Amma?”
Tony breathes a sigh of relief of goes on his way.
He does meet Steve again, in Italy, a few months after their whirlwind few days in New York.
decision for him.”
Tony bristles, his hackles rising. “Are we going to fight?” he asks, voice threading low again. “Because I’d rather not do it in front of them. They might wake up, or they might pick up something via fucking osmosis.”
Of course, he has absolutely no reason to be unhappy, at least to an objective eye.
There’s a knock, the sharp rap of knuckles against the wooden door frame, and Tony and Steve turn in unison to see James lingering in the doorway, awkwardly.
, like I don’t know what it’s like to have insecurities about my appearance.”
Rumlow paces in front of a still-bound Tony, after having thankfully removing his gag, impatient, angry, uncomfortable, his hands shaking like he knows he’s in trouble and he needs to deliver.
,” Tony says, firmly. “This whole expedition, the one that you and your colleagues sent Steve on, it was to stop the Nazis from getting their hands on the gem, wasn’t it? Or was that the reason you gave Steve so that he could bring it back and you could use it?”
Steve chews on his lower lip. “Yeah, look, I have to say, if it was anyone but Bucky whom Tony was in love with, I might have killed the person,” he says, honestly, without flinching, without a hint of regret or shame.
“I do. Do not think me unfeeling.” Steve approaches the bed, cautiously. “But you are sitting there, naked, covered in blood, and my brother is dead. Forgive me for thinking that there is more to this story than a cold-blooded, thoughtless murder.”
“Steve.”
Steve’s torch is now dwindling.
“James, James, it’s already late afternoon,” he hisses.
“Just me,” Tony’s smile tightens, sharpens. “Steve had to head into work early today.”
Her feet slip from their thighs, and they lift her into their arms, and she dips down just quick enough to catch Peter who finally escapes Pepper’s hold in her arms, pulling him up so that she can press a swift kiss to his apple-round kiss.
Tony swallows past the lump that forms in his throat, unable to look at Steve’s pleading, pained face for a moment longer.
Steve climbs onto the bed, sitting up on his knees, and then, he shuffles forward, leaning back between Tony’s thighs. He reaches out and curls his arms under Tony’s thighs, dragging him forward, so that he’s half-seated in Steve’s lap.
She grins when she sees him, the corners of his mouth pulling up into her cheeks.
“Why do you have a gun, Steve?” Tony grinds out. “Should I be scared? Are you planning on killing me and then, turning the gun on yourself, so that we can become another fucking statistic? Is that really what you want the kids to think of you? A fucking murder investigation and the knowledge that their Daddy killed their Appa because he was a jealous prick?”
They make their way through the preschool hall to the office, with Steve watching every door at once.
“In a heartbeat,” Tony swears, fiercely and brittle.
“I fear I do not know what to say to you,” he says, quietly.
Tony’s shared a life with this man in front of him for years, for over a decade, and he thought, above all else, that he knew him, knew him like he knew himself and now, all he thinks when he looks at him, is that maybe he doesn’t, maybe he didn’t, because if someone had come to him three years ago and told him that Steve was the type to cheat on him, to have an affair behind his back and not even just a one-night stand when he was feeling drunk and sad, well, Tony would have laughed in their faces.
“Well, then, how can you say somebody else was there?” Tony prods.
“Touch yourself,” Steve orders and comes closer to the bed, standing at the edge, as he starts to shuck all of his clothes as well.
“This is not morning traffic,” Tony snaps. “This is the prelude to a demonstration. The kids have to go to school.”
“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to,” he tells her, breathlessly.
James rolls his eyes. “Doll, your husband is an insurance salesman. I’m pretty sure he’s not dealing with state secrets with the shit he does on a daily basis. I think he’ll be fine,” he says, derisively.
“You’re not that much older than me,” Tony grinds out. “You and my husband are the same age.”
“She told me that there was a possibility that you and he were in cahoots together.”
happy,” Tony drawls.
Wanda’s eyes light up. She tangles her thin, long, bony fingers with Tony’s. “You promise you’ll tell me everything?”
Tony gapes at him. “Excuse me?”
It’s an uncomfortable maneuver, but he manages to climb on top of the pilot’s prostrate body and slide through the window, gripping onto the edges of the cockpit door.
For a second, there’s dull, dead calm, and then, something, a feeling tries to claw its way out of him.
“Peter and Maushmi,” Tony replies. “They’re four.”
Just to piss him off, because Steve always hated how much he drank, he pours himself another, as Steve watches.
Tony drags his hand over his face.
“How…” Tony flounders. “How do you know that he’s the Winter Soldier?”
Tony’s grin blazes across his face. “Pizza it is,” he says, softly, peering at Steve. “There’s that place around the corner that we went to before?”
“It’s good, I’m good, keeping going,” Tony says, his jaw locking at the burn and stretch.
. I’ve spent years without you, Tony, and I don’t know if I can do that again, keep myself away from you. I can’t, I just can’t, and I need to know if you feel the same way if you really think that you can stay away from me too because I don’t think you can.”
“That’s not what I’m doing!” Tony insists. “I’m not treating you like you’re breakable. I just thought, I mean, it’s been so long since you had to worry about these things, and I didn’t want you to exert yourself when you might have forgotten how to–”
“Please,” Tony says, his voice pained, breathless, “please, I don’t want to talk about this. I just…” he trails off. “I want to explain it to you, and no offence, Sam, but I’m already baring my insides to you in a way that I never even thought I would, and I want to give you that explanation that you’re owed. Please, please, just let me do that.”
“What?”
Steve unbuckles Tony’s belt, unzipping the slacks and sliding his hand instead, past Tony’s underwear to curl around his cock, filling fast between his fingers. Tony gasps, the back of his head rubbing up against the brick wall. Tony tugs at Steve’s own dress uniform, finding the zipper to the slacks and pulling it down sharply, so that he can get his own hand around Steve’s cock.
, James. He accused me of cheating on him with you; I told him, I told him that we slept together all those years ago, and he lost it. I can’t…”
Steve stands, after a moment, of quiet introspection, and his eyes are damp, furious.
“Is that what he told you?” Steve asks, his voice ugly. “That he was forced into it? Is that why you gave it up to him, Tony? Because he told you that he wasn’t the bad guy, that he was the fucking hero? Because he was lying to you, sweetheart,” he says, with a hungry, haunted smile, “he was just lying to you, so you’d get on your back for him, and you did.”
Link: https://archiveofourown.org/works/27835402/chapters/68146507
“Neither do I,” Tony confesses. “But you’re not old enough to say that.”
Tony nods, fervently. “Yeah, yeah, I do.”
It’s hard, but it gets easier.
“Mr Stark-”
He sidesteps Grant’s body; he doesn’t feel anything towards the dead man anymore – he feels righteous, relieved that he’s dead; there is no guilt in him.
“Hey, babies,” he says, and the kids jump off their seats, rushing towards him at breakneck speed.
Tony ignores the way that Steve’s words are a blow to his face.
“I think we do,” Steve says, softly, in a way that Tony is reminded of how he talks to the kids.
Tony laughs and crawls forward on his knees, so that he can curl his hand around the nape of his neck and crush his mouth to James’.
He imagines it, though, a pathetic, fleeting moment that carries him into the next life, where he’s round with a child, and Steve is there, by his side, and there’s a boy with Steve’s hair and Steve’s eyes, or a girl, with his dark skin and dark hair and smile.
Tony turns around and pales in a rush when he sees the braided black leather bracelet that Steve’s holding between his long, pale fingers at a distance like it’s made of poison.
“Sure I do. Makes the boys and the girls and everyone else crazy for me,” Rhodey says with a wink.
Ms Lewis smiles and nods. “Yes, I’m sure.”
The look that he gets from the four of them tells him all he needs to know.
Bucky scoffs.
Tony sits up, and there’s a knot in his throat. “Yeah, it was just–” He blows out a breath between his teeth. “Just a dream,” he murmurs. He drags his hand over his face. “Nothing else. Just a dream,” he says more to himself, like a reassurance he needs.
Tony curls his fingers around the railing, starting down the stairs, which leads into a dank, boiler room. At the end of the stairs, he can see the trail of slime, running behind a red-hot boiler the size of an old-timey locomotive. The hairs on his arms, the back of his neck, stand up on end, as he looks around, hearing a low, insidious giggle, like something straight out of a horror movie.
“Hey,” Steve says, gently, rubbing at Tony’s arms, “this nightmare really freaked you out, didn’t it?”
“Tony,” Steve sighs, “Tony, don’t, it’s okay.” He leans up on his toes and presses his forehead against Tony’s. “I’m sorry.”
, doll. I know. I just… I had to leave,” he says, pathetically earnest. “I had to leave because… because it was safer for you if I did. They were coming after me, Tony. They were coming after me, and I… I was just trying to protect you from them. I didn’t want you to get into the middle of it all.”
“That she was a Russian assassin?” Tony pushes.
was blonde.”
James leans back in his seat, his eyes drifting shut. “Shit,” he declares.
His mouth won’t budge.
“Tony-”
James rubs at his shoulder, looking wounded. “You didn’t used to be violent,” he muses.
So, he backs away, his eyes scouring the chambers to find something to use as a weapon.
That night, Tony is already in bed, when Steve joins him.
!” he snarls, his hand stretched out in front of him, curled like a claw, as if he were ready to wrap it around Steve’s throat and choke the life out of him.
He’s splayed on his back, breathing hard and heavy, his chest rising and falling, as he gasps for air that is thick with things that will possibly and probably ruin his lungs from the inside-out. He turns onto his side, his muscles aching with the movement (he’s not made to be an adventurer like Steve is; he’s not made to do the things that Steve does, that Steve has done, saving people from burning buildings and killer Nazis and fighting villains in front of airplane rotors), and he grips the bayonet that he’d grabbed off the corpse, lifting it onto his shoulder, eyeing the Nazi that had shot at him and firing.
“I just thought… the kids already met you; the only one who hadn’t was Steve, and if I told him, told him everything, he could lay off with those stupid fucking judgy eyes of his.”
He sucks in a deep breath when Steve’s hand slides between his thighs, under his cock, which is already half-hard, and he finds Tony’s rim, slick, wet, still leaking.
“Tony,” Steve prods. “Tony, what is it?”
He leaves the bathroom, clearly going to get things ready in Tony’s bedroom. Tony wraps the towel around his waist, pinning it at his hips, and clambers to his feet, looking at himself in the mirror above the sink. He opens the cabinet underneath the sink, beginning a quick, furtive search until he can close his hand around the stash of Adderall that he has. He pops one into his mouth, cups his hand underneath the running tap and swallows it.
Tony scowls, incandescent with fury. “You absolutely should not have to fucking
“Tony,” Steve says, thin and taut.
“Hello,” he says, cheerfully. “I’m Tony Stark. I’m assisting Doctor Erskine with the project. And you’re Steve Rogers.”
Obadiah stumbles back, but Tony advances, having the advantage now, swinging again. Obadiah holds up his arm to protect himself, but the shovel just breaks his arm.
“This is where you told them I did those things to you. Right here,” Obadiah snarls.
Steve drops the bag down onto the floor with a heavy thump and rubs the back of his neck. “I just had… I had a lot of paperwork to get done by tomorrow,” he explains. “My boss… Well, you know Fury, he can be a real hard ass about things like that. I just wanted to finish it up, you know, so I wouldn’t be struggling to finish it tomorrow before the deadline.”
