"Hello, Eurus," he choked.
John heard the sharp intake of breath for a retort, but Sherlock stopped himself. “Yes, sir.”
Greg ground his teeth. “I suggest you cool off before I speak with you properly. You'll likely be on a charge of professional misconduct for this.”
“Please, sir. May I go to the toilet?” his voice had been soft and quiet, two things the Dom doubted Sherlock's voice had ever been before. Meek would have been a word he might have used, but that suggested it would happen again in the near future.
"Yes, sir. Honestly."
"Ow- sir," the sub said, a pout clear in his voice. He'd only been worried about his brother and John.
“He wouldn’t have told you names, sir. When he couldn’t find him and the case got handed to New Scotland Yard, I made sure Greg promised that neither of them would mention his name again if I gave a statement. Despite some of my brother’s obsessive behaviour, he never breaks a promise, especially one to his Dom.” The sobbing the detective had done downstairs had seemed to be the majority of Panic wearing itself out and given his ability to communicate fully again, he was in a much better headspace then John could ever have imagined given the contents of the evening so far. That was most alarming.
But with John being ex-army he would most definitely know what Sherlock knew about the thing in the grey-haired man's hand.
"Why aren't they saying anything?" Finn asked, tugging on John's trouser leg. "It's weird."
Head hanging, the detective watched as his Dom locked the humbler in place. There wasn't a thing he'd be able to do once John repositioned the fucking machine.
John shook his head incredulously. His boy was impossible. He kissed his fingertips and pressed them to Sherlock's cheek. The detective looked up at him and managed to smile without pulling his bottom lip back in. "You're a force of nature, did you know that?"
There was enough aggression in those two words that the sergeant just nodded her head once and lifted her radio up. “Freak’s here, bringing him in.”
The sub was more than glad when John told him his time was up and he could turn around. “You can lower your arms now,” the Dom said as he had kept his hands behind his head. The doctor hadn’t moved from his chair, but he had turned it around. He patted his thigh. “Come on over here then.”
“Oi!” John barked, but Sherlock, for once, was unfazed.
Mycroft groaned as he climbed from the car and walked over to the helicopter.
"Hello?" Sherlock said. "My fiance thinks he knows you. What is your name?" When no answer forthcoming, he turned to John? "See. Nothing. It's not some spectre from another realm."
John laughed. "You need to stop predicting what I'm thinking, boy," he grabbed Mycroft's hair and yanked his head back.
Mycroft watched carefully. Every time Sherlock shifted he closed his mouth slightly, making his teeth graze along his brother's cock with more pressure.
"I'm sorry, sir. I can't."
Mycroft decided he'd better be on his best behaviour because things were starting to look bad fast. He had no idea what had put his brother in such a foul mood and in all honesty he didn't care. He just wished he wasn't because it put both the Doms in unforgiving moods. They had only been there one night. Surely Sherlock wasn't already bored. Then again, his brother did have an amazing capacity for boredom.
"Fine, but two things. One, you wash your hands first and two, when we get back, I'm tying you up and riding you until you're begging me to come, but you don't get to unless I say so."
"Besides, Greg will keep him from becoming too overbearing. You know Mycroft listens to him."
“So we're absolutely clear what I expect of you?”
"I'll punish you for stopping, John. Whether you can physically go anymore or not. You never asked for your master's permission."
“Shouldn’t that be the question I am asking you, baby brother?”
Greg tugged at the chain a few more times so Mycroft ended up bent over, his erection growing even more. The Superintendent admired his work, going down on his knees in front of his boy and cupping his cheek.
He grinned in response, he liked the idea of that.
“You, my gorgeous little pet, are well and truly under.”
It was still dark outside, John hadn't been asleep long.
"Get him home." The DI jerked his head at the sub. Something was definitely off, but it wasn't his place to work out what.
John released the gag and the sub was able to breathe easier. He used his tongue to settle the gag into a more comfortable position.
Mycroft glanced to Greg as if for permission. "Now!"
Mrs. Hudson lowered herself into the seat and waited for Siger to settle beside her before she spoke.
Sherlock held his tongue until Irene had delivered a further three strikes. The fact he couldn't see his brother made things worse. He finally gave in. "Mistress, please."
As soon as the sub had settled between the two Doms, John rolled onto his side and rested his head on his shoulder.
"I think they used enough of whatever it was to take down an elephant." The detective glared at the darkened TV screen. "Was that really necessary?"
"You can come whenever you want, Greggie."
“What's the problem?”
“Can we eat there, sir?”
Sherlock settled against John, feeling comfortable. "That makes it all the better."
Greg had spoken as soon as he'd climbed from the cab.
When John noticed him looking away, he reached for Sherlock's hand again.
. 12.21MB
It wasn't fair. He had been good... mostly. He didn't deserve to be left all alone. Every second that ticked by, he was closer to going after John.
"Oh, Sherlock, you don't sound happy to see me." The dominatrix got up and came around the desk, stopping in front of him. She ran a finger along his jawline. "I'm disappointed."
“Shh,” John soothed, reaching out to cup Sherlock’s cheek. The boy stilled immediately, his whimpering trailing off. “Are you ready to obey me now?”
The little boy's bottom lip popped out in perfect imitation of Sherlock in a pout, but he nodded. “Can we get in the water? I want to see if there are fish in it.”
Mademented1, if you are reading this I highly suggest you stop and not read any of my fics any more. If you don't like them, tough, I don't care, so go elsewhere for people who may or may not care for such narrow minded and rude comments such as yours.
John glanced up as he placed the newspaper down that he had just finished with. Sherlock had taken a while to find the shoes. “Sherlock?”
John's attention was on the two Holmeses for several minutes. "How much longer do you want to submit for?" John asked seriously.
"Did you seriously just attempt that?"
John cleared his throat. “I don’t think so, somehow, boy, do you?”
"I've laid your suit out on the bed in your room downstairs," John said nearly half an hour later.
Greg sighed. "Can I? Just for a bit?"
“You will clean and dry each dish individually and then put it away.”
“Don’t be so dramatic, boy!” John said as he weighed the cage in his hand and Sherlock flinched. “It’s not like I’m chopping it off.”
“John’s not scary,” Sherlock pointed out, picking Finn up out of the chair. “In fact, he's very not scary.” Except to those who threatened the people he loved, but he didn't need to say that out loud. Hopefully, there would never be a time when Finn had to see that side of John.
"Stop thinking, Sherlock, it isn't going to get you anywhere," John warned. "Except maybe more trouble. If that's even possible."
John slapped him hard across the cheek and the younger man could do nothing but take it with the way he was tied.
“Did you say a walk?”
"I never said when he'd be let down, did you, Eurus?" Irene asked sweetly.
John nodded. "I would have done the same."
And if it hadn’t been for Mycroft, Finn would have been taken into care, there was no way he had the juice to pull so many strings so quickly.
Getting blasted with cold air, the detective turned back to face the console. There was a large black round thing opening up. Floating metal things, flying out. "What the hell?"
Greg laughed. Then rolled over so he was laying across his boy.
“Those shoes!” The shoes that had been the nail in the coffin in terms of his getting released chances plummeting.
Sherlock leapt to his feet and started to charge Irene, but the guard with the gun intervened, firing a tranquillising dart into him when he got too close to the Dominatrix.
"Thought so," the doctor moved to the winch and began to lower him to the floor.
John made a point to take his hand and tugged him towards the door.
John smiled. “It’s not just that. It’s like everything that’s happened led to this. Led to us finding Finn.”
Sherlock frowned and stepped back.
Greg sighed and pulled his friend to his chest. “What if we find a solution?”
As he did so, his eyes fell shut and peaceful look came over his face.
"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't punish you right now?" Greg asked.
"I was fed up of you not taking your lifestyle seriously. It's clear you've learnt how important it is to give in to your submissive side now. I trust that won't change. So it's no longer a case of me wanting you here if you don't want to be here."
"I won't say it again, sir, I promise. You don't need to gag me."
The doctor unpacked the shopping, buying twice as many teabags as he would normally, because Sherlock was like a drain when it came to the stuff and just as much fruit, because Sherlock refused to eat toast from the Dom’s fingers every morning. John couldn’t blame him, he, himself got bored of toast and he did end up eating the same thing as Sherlock just to save the argument that would occur if he spotted him eating something different.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder but winced as his cuffed wrists pulled.
Eurus grabbed Sherlock's curls again and dragged him to the window, it looked out over the cells. In the distance, the detective could see his brother and Irene.
Each Dom selected a weight. John showed the one he had chosen to his boy and waited for his reaction.
He untied the leash from the table leg and held his hand out. He was pleasantly surprised when Sherlock took it to pull himself to his feet.
“About 5 minutes ago,” the doctor said, teasing. At the look on his husband's face, John relented. He knew exactly what he was thinking “I know how you feel. It's a bit overwhelming to suddenly have a big family after it just being me and Harry for so long.”
John slouched down in his seat, appreciating how talented Mycroft's hands were. "If he's this good at massaging feet, how good is he at a full body massage?"
“Near enough,” Sherlock joined them and sat with Finn. "Aren't you getting tired, bud?"
“Shall we start with the complete lack of respect?”
Mycroft was just as annoyed with his brother as the two Doms were. He came back with a particularly restrictive set of cuffs and handed them to Greg who in turn handed them to John.
Sherlock’s head rocked forward and hit the floor.
Sherlock glared at him. "Why?" he snarled.
"Go ahead and finish with those," John pointed at the pegs, "then we'll figure out what to do. Every time he flinches or complains will count against him."
“What was that?” John turned to face his sub and the look on his face was clear.
Resisting the urge to say thank you, it would be out of character for a Dom, John signalled the meal was over by moving the tray further away, then he dropped a kiss on Sherlock's forehead.
John ran his free hand through Sherlock’s curls. “The only way you could disappoint me is if you deliberately broke one of the rules. For now, you’ve got a bit of leeway. I’m aware that you haven’t had a Dom for a while, let alone in public, I’m not going to be as strict as I have been recently. Oh, my gorgeous boy.” He pulled him to his feet by his scarf and held him tight for a moment. “You okay now?”
As quickly as he could, Mycroft crawled through to their bedroom and retrieved the cuffs. He hoped he'd already received his punishment and that they were going to be used for play.
John dropped his hand on Finn’s head. “Trouble you are,” he whispered, scooping him up and dumping him on the floor beside the Lego again. “Just like your dad.”
John glanced down at his boy. “You’re fine, aren’t you, pet?”
"Sherlock, you look absolutely terrified," John said, brushing his curls from his face.
“What’s that mean?” Finn asked.
Seeing Sherlock's eyes roll, Irene gave his cock a twist, causing the chain to pull at the same time.
“Care to explain why that action alone scares you?”
"Why?" the detective asked.
“There’s always groups we can go to,” John added. “So you can meet other boys and girls that will be 5 too?”
Sherlock smirked, but it was Siger who spoke. “I guarantee your dad and Uncle Mycroft will make pebble piles and compete to get them the highest.”
"We could tie it up beside his brother. Do the same."
“That’s fine, pet.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” Sherlock murmured.
Getting the hint Sherlock raised his already cuffed hands to behind his head.
John sat in a seat just in front of the trussed man and ran his hand through Sherlock's curls.
Sherlock didn't respond, just stayed where he was snuggled up.
The two brothers stalked down the now deserted corridors towards the governor's office.
"Of course,” Mycroft nodded, shooting a concerned look at his brother’s retreating form.
“I don't believe you, for some reason, Sherlock.”
"We've had this discussion before, little brother."
John wasn't tempted to scream even though the thing was definitely creepy. "Why don't you come away from the door," he said uneasily.
“I didn’t kill those four people, Mr. Holmes. I spoke to them ... and they killed themselves. And if you get the coppers now, I promise you one thing.” He leant forward so he was no longer leaning against his cab. “I will never tell you what I said.”
"This is pointless," Sherlock pointed out.
"She brainwashed the shop owner," Sherlock snarled as soon as he could.
The blond nodded once, and stepped to the side raising the strap.
"You know, Greg, I think you're right about our boy here." John let Mycroft's hair go. "He's a complete sub now." He laughed. "I never would have imagined this that day he kidnapped me and played Mr. Mysterious at the car park."
"Mycroft!"
The doctor reached down and snapped off the other cuffs, sticking them in his pocket.
“Yes, sir.”
Mycroft sank back to his knees. "Please!" He turned to their sister. "Please, Eurus. He's your brother."
"Sorry, Eurus," his fingers moved twice as fast on his buttons. As he undressed, he let his clothes fall to the floor. When he had finished, he immediately dropped to his knees as ordered.
The boy's head jerked up to glance at his Dom, he frowned in confusion, he didn't like that tone of voice. How could John say that? He was sorry.
"The 'big deal', little brother, is that the trial is bound to bring up bad memories. We want to be there for you should you need our support."
Sherlock raced to the door and swung it open, a load of Met officers were there along with Anderson’s team that had been kicked out of the room on Sherlock’s arrival. “Suitcase! Did anyone find a suitcase? Was there a suitcase in this house?” he began taking the stairs two at a time, completely forgetting about his Dom still at the top.
The little boy's brand of logic made Sherlock smile. “Very well, but that's the last thing we're getting.” He suspected he had already been far too indulgent.
"No, sir."
Sherlock knelt beside the coffee table in the sitting room, his leash tied to the floor while the Dom answered the door. They both knew who it was so Sherlock wasn't surprised when Greg entered the sitting room, tugging a leash with Mycroft on the other end.
“No. Mycroft will keep out of the way, until he’s back at yours.”
John smiled in response. "What else do you think?"
"Then if you don't like it, safeword."
"You're looking far from Ghandi right now."
"Fuck." John kicked at the water then turned from watching Sherlock's fading form to face Greg and Mycroft. "Somebody explain what's going on in his head, because I certainly don't understand it."
Sherlock couldn't be bothered to argue. He just opened his mouth and did what he was told. Across the room, Eurus had grabbed Mycroft by the scruff of the neck.
Sherlock walked out of the room his head low. As he reached the hall, John and Greg were racing up the stairs.
He ran his hand through his curls and then pulled his head back. “I am going to cage your cock again now, Sherlock.”
"Isn't it obvious where these two are going?" The Superintendent threw them at the doctor.
“He'll never want for anything, Sherlock. I hope you know that?”
“Denied,” the judge continued, he turned and nodded once to the guy at the door.
It was Mycroft who picked Finn up to put him in his booster. “You’re going to have outgrown this one soon!” Mycroft laughed.
"Did that hurt?"
"I'll go find it then." John headed for the door.
Sherlock just glared rather than be verbal.
Download from
Mr. Holmes hugged the little boy to him, tucking Finn's head beneath his chin. "I love hearing that, sprout."
They left a damp trail all the way to the playroom where the blond sat his boy on a nearby bench. He didn't restrain him there, but arranged him with his legs spread and his arms at his sides.
"Hello, gorgeous," Greg said as he reached out and pulled on the chains that hung from Sherlock's posture collar. He laughed at the hiss of pain the sub let out as the clamps tugged on his nipples.
"Which one?" Greg laughed.
Sherlock knelt in the middle of the playroom, his hands behind his head as he tried to keep his posture perfect and only watch the Dom when he was directly in front, not shift about to see him, which was harder than he thought.
At the knock on the door, Sherlock glanced towards John. “Why is Mrs. Hudson here?”
"I know you're not feeling sorry for yourself, pet. You earned this little cage, after all."
“I've managed to get out before. When I first got here. They missed the attic window when installing the magnet things. I managed to get out through the roof and down the side of the house using the draining pipe and ledges.”
“I’m assuming your relationship with my brother and his Dom has given you countless knowledge on me being a consulting detective for Greg and the Met.”
"Kiss my feet," she ordered.
“How, sir?” he asked cautiously.
The kneeling sub glanced at Mycroft, he was watching the pair curiously.
“Mycroft!” He got to his feet. “You've got to get me out of here.”
Sherlock nodded again. He didn’t flinch when he heard the buckle clip together, but it was obviously a conscious effort he was exerting in order not to do so. If he couldn’t make this Dom angry as easily as he had planned, then he wouldn’t show weakness either. His wall was up, he would not let it down.
Sherlock smiled a genuine smile at the introductions. He loved being introduced as a family. It wasn't something he had ever expected to have, but now that he did, it meant everything to him.
Not trusting himself to speak, the government official nodded, then dropped his head forward to rest on Greg's shoulder. The Superintendent stepped back and Mycroft fell to his knees.
“If you're looking for your pet freak you have come to the right place, just too late.”
"Yes, sir," Sherlock stared at his Dom's feet, feeling very disappointed in himself for letting his jealousy dictate his actions.
Greg ran his hand through his pet's hair. "Nope."
John scoffed. "Is that supposed to make me feel better or worse?"
Sherlock glared at John, his eyes full of anger.
so casually made him grind his teeth, but he had promised not to make things difficult for his sub. Still, the way he just seemed to expect it, but worse than that, accept it, was something John would definitely need to work on with him. Sherlock wasn’t arguing to be a good sub for his Dom, he wasn’t arguing because he genuinely believed it, he was almost glad that Sherlock’s tone was slightly more sarcastic in his reply.
"You played with her too. On family holidays. At home. At the weekends. You even played games with our tutor, winding him up with your nonsense."
“No, come on, you know how that works…” He raised an eyebrow as a non-verbal berating and Sherlock seemed to see it for the threat it was.
He had to stop Sherlock dropping to his knees several times. "Go ahead and sit by the fire. On your ass," John added, calling through quietly. "Not your knees."
"Oh, come on, Mycroft, isn't it obvious?"
But the government official was looking out the window, clearly disheartened by his brother’s lack of faith.
The younger man was speechless, “Well, I guess we should head back upstairs.” He ruffled his sub’s curls and then realised how dangerous that could be, but his boy just skipped back to the door humming to himself. If anyone asked him if he skipped, there was not a hope in the world that he would agree.
Sherlock shook his head this time, but John wasn't paying attention anymore. He began wheeling the pin wheel back over Sherlock's cock.
“Sir?”
. 9.95MB
The way John casually mentioned what the punishment was for his misjudgment added frustration to Sherlock's shoulders, however he was calm enough from the prolonged bondage that it seemed not to effect him the way it could have done.
"I expect an answer, boy," John's tone was turning dangerous.
Sherlock smirked at his brother and John grabbed his chin. "The same applies to you, you know."
Moriarty paced passed the kneeling boy and fell to the small bunk shaped structure at the other side of the van.
"Sir, please. Gag me. I want you to."
John chuckled and stepped toward him cupping his cheek with one hand while the other was in his pocket.
“No, I didn't think so.”
The Superintendent kept his eyes screwed shut as his cock was fucked with the awful contraption.
It was clear that if they kept Sherlock focused on Finn, he would be able to face the day better. Unfortunately, he would soon be sequestered away as a witness and that distraction wouldn't last.
Sherlock felt a pang of guilt in his chest, but he ignored it. He had still ended up on his knees. It didn’t matter if he was tied to the table or not.
Sherlock reached over and pulled the boy up onto his lap. “Yes, you.” He supposed he needed to set a good example for Finn, but still... "It's not like I would say anything in front of him." Seeing John's expression, he let out a sigh. "Fine. I'll be civil." Sherlock turned the little boy upside down, making him giggle. When he tried to right him, he had grabbed onto his feet laughing.
Download from
The Superintendent removed one of the nipple clamps and smiled as the sub kicked the floor with tiny little kicks, then he removed the other one. He watched as Sherlock scowled at the wall and then reached forward to replace one of them.
“I just did.”
He took him to his bedroom and laid him down, manoeuvring them both to get comfy. Sherlock’s head automatically came up to tuck under his Dom’s chin.
“Yes, sir. I apologise, miss.” He bowed his head lower to her. Hoping to make her look away.
Sherlock reclined back on the sofa, watching his sub fuck himself and fill his own hole over and over again. "I don't care." He pulled his own cock from his pants and stroked himself, he was already half hard, to the point where the constraints of his pants had been too much.
"We can swap if you like?" Greg asked.
“I’m still going to use my hand, avoid the bruising for a while longer.”
"No, John! I want ice cream on the beach!" He dug his heels in and folded his arms.
"Yup," Sherlock said, popping the P. He reached out and unzipped Finn's pyjamas and helped him out of them. The little boy swung his legs as Sherlock helped him on with his shirt and started buttoning it up.
Worrying his lip between his teeth, Sherlock nodded. John's arm around his waist was a comforting presence. Maybe he really would be okay.
"Sir, that's not fair!" Sherlock whinged. "You left me and I was lonely."
Sherlock glanced at his solicitor, knowing he had no alibi to present. “I honestly don't know.” Maybe the truth would be enough? He hadn't know where he had been or who he was with beyond that... Moriarty.
Greg sighed. It was a very difficult situation and he knew where Sherlock was coming from. “You can read people. You read them as well as Mycroft does. You need to know when you’re pushing John too far.”
The doctor sighed quietly and crouched down beside the bed. "Hey there, munchkin. I didn't mean to sound like I was yelling at you. I'm not angry and I promise I'm not going to hurt you. I was only trying to keep you safe."
John pulled him over to rest his head in his lap. After a few minutes, Sherlock turned his head towards John's stomach. He started mouthing at his Dom's zip. Again. John pulled him back by the curls. "Boy, we're almost at our destination. Don't push it."
Sherlock froze where he was and watched the Dom in the doorway who stood with strong arms linked behind his back.
"Stop fidgeting!" Greg barked in his ear.
"You aren't coming in this thing, boy," John shook his head. "I told you earlier if you want to come you'll do it untouched."
Mycroft looked up properly and caught Sherlock's eye, who scowled and looked away. "Sir, can we-"
He had apologised, hoping the older man would still leave again; ‘Come back down’ meant he was going upstairs, with his limp that gave him loads of time. He watched until the doctor had completely disappeared and the footsteps were dying out on the stairs.
Sherlock tried to make himself smaller, as if that would make a difference. It didn’t. “All I have done here is move you over from your present position, your knees should be spread as if you were upright.”
This was how it went, Sherlock opened his mouth, chewed and swallowed until he had eaten more than half of the whole pizza then John moved onto some fruit. Once more, the detective didn’t comment as the Dom popped in a strawberry, one of his favourite fruits.
The sub huffed in annoyance. It wasn't his fault he hadn't stayed in the corner. It was John's. The Dom knew how impatient he was.
He slowed if only slightly, he took the opportunity to plan his route further but as they raced out of one back street the cab had already gone passed the cut-off point that had been in his Mind Palace.
John's face turned from panicked to pissed off in a blink of an eye. "I was asleep you complete wanker!" The Dom grabbed Sherlock by a nipple and twisted it.
"That… and alien invasions," Mycroft agreed.
“You always have before,” Sam winked at him before getting into the driver’s seat, perfectly content to sit and wait as long as John needed. He appreciated the respect his staff had for him.
He swallowed hard again and glanced up at his Dom.
“Can you untie me please, sir?”
Sherlock's shoulders hunched as he tried to get away.
He felt Sherlock's hands and they were far too cold.
“Yes, pet, come up here with me.”
“It’s aftercare.”
Sherlock growled where he was spinning.
“Shut it, Holmes!” the Dom snapped, slapping his palm across the detective’s face.
Sherlock was glancing down at his caged cock as the doctor spoke.
He got no response.
"It's alright, but you still have to go tell Beth that." He gave Finn another hug. "Take your time, though. We're not in a hurry."
“You stayed still.” John stated as he entered the room to find his sub exactly as he had left him.
That got a small smile as a response. “Yes, sir,” he whispered. “Thank you, sir.”
"How in anyway is that respectful?"
"I'm only eating," he countered.
"No."
The woman the other side seemed overwhelmed for a moment. "We have 43 flavours-"
Once the leash was snagged onto Sherlock's collar, he held it tightly, then he used the ball gag he'd retrieved and pushed it into his mouth. “Now get back on your knees.”
John reached onto the table for a glass of water, making Sherlock drink it slowly.
The boy ducked his head, but John pulled him upright. “You look at me, boy. You don’t look away. You don’t hide.”
Sherlock's eyes widened and he gripped his beer tighter. "Sorry, sir."
“Am I a boy or a pet right now?”
“Sir-”
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. It's just-”
“All privileges are earned and they can also be revoked. Is that understood, boy?”
They had remained in the playroom for a few hours, Sherlock remaining within touching distance of the Dom and John never let go of his leash the whole time. He hadn’t actually complained about the fact he seemed to be grounded – like a child, anything was better than the paddle after all, even being treated like a 10 year old.
“What are you doing in there?” the doctor asked softly.
“'Course I know.”
"Of course I am. I wouldn't have said it otherwise."
"You're a disaster waiting to happen, alright," John agreed.
“My phone did?”
"Answer him," Irene ordered.
Sherlock grumbled something softly when John bent to pick him up. "I can walk, sir," he whispered.
It got uncomfortably quiet for a few moments. Sherlock broke the silence, "Fine." He stood to his full height and headed towards the door.
She frowned and glanced down at Sherlock who was pointedly looking away from his sister. She let him go and threw him at the floor.
“If the pain in my chest is anything to go by…” he trailed off, not really knowing where he was heading with that statement in the first place.
"Let go of me, Myc. Let me go!" Sherlock extended one arm towards Irene. "I'll show her who's in charge!"
"Well, I wasn't disapproving of you putting eggs on your salad. If you like them, you should have them, but I really don't like them on my salad. I think they're gross. I was trying to be silly and play with you, but I messed up. Can you understand that?" He shook his head.
The blond Dom closed the door behind them and Sherlock immediately dropped to his knees. “Sir, I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I didn’t-”
The others got up to leave as well: Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson and Mr. Holmes. It had been a long day for everyone starting with the verdict in the trial and the subsequent celebration.
He shook his head slightly to clear it as he heard footsteps, then he noticed Greg amongst the several police officers that had gathered around him.
“I don’t start them, he does. Or Donovan, she does too.”
Greg yelled after him. “Sherlock, there was no case!”
“You can sleep with me tonight, if you list all the things you’ve done wrong in the last 6 hours.”
But then it hit him square in the face about how rude and abrupt his brat had just been and as far as he was aware it wasn’t very provoked either. He’d wanted to talk to him, but it wasn’t the first time, it wouldn’t be the last and yet Sherlock had reacted like the whole world was about to end. The younger man needed to understand the importance of speaking to each other, not just for trust purposes but to keep him safe from the things of his past. “Sherlock!” he yelled.
“I’ve got a question for you.”
Greg reached over. "I know what you're thinking. Give it a few hours." His voice was so soft, John struggled to hear him. The Superintendent wiggled his toes and pulled his bare feet away from Mycroft. "Pet, work on John's feet for a bit."
"Take it easy," the doctor said in a soothing tone.
“Good boy.”
"Dogs bite, Irene," Sherlock warned her. "Didn't your mother ever tell you that."
“Do you know why you need to be punished submissive?” John asked, running his hands over the chosen implement for the sub’s punishment.
Finn merely frowned, watching as John put his glass under the dispenser.
"Come in!"
“John!” Greg yelled out, but the doctor was in a world of his own.
Greg sat in a nearby chair. "I can place the call now, if you want. It's up to you," he said, gesturing at the small family unit. The girls were asleep on the sofa. Finn was still in Sherlock's arms.
“Yes, sir, of course,” she bowed her head and then retreated, closing the den door behind her.
He carried him straight through to the den, ringing for tea when he arrived.
"Morning, Myc," Sherlock said, wincing. It looked as if he had a headache.
It was a full hour later and the majority of John’s anger had resided. He knew that was good and he knew it wouldn’t come back as he punished his sub, but he couldn’t believe the amount of tied up anger inside a boy so young. His previous Dom’s must have done some serious things to him in order for him to be like that.
“Good.”
Sherlock managed to struggle up so that he was resting on his chest, and his arse was up in the air.
“A rule of mine for the start of a contract. Did I tease you whilst you were there?”
Sherlock glared at him.
The sound pressed in a little further this time and Sherlock tried his hardest to keep still. His breathing increased and he focused on a point on the ceiling.
“That's fairly bloody obvious, mate.”
“Sorry?” The DI raised an eyebrow in confusion.
“Oi,” John growled the warning in his sub’s ear and the way the sub tensed suggested he understood it for what it was.
Mycroft's mouth fell open.
“Yes, sir.” He could hardly forget, it was a rather embarrassing memory. He couldn’t help but think many years in the future it would be more amusing than embarrassing.
"What am I to you?"
“It swooped down and took the whole baguette off Dad and flapped away.”
"John-"
John waited for Greg to open the cell door and marched in, starting how he meant to go on.
"Just hit the plug, mate," Greg laughed.
The detective let his bottom lip tremble artfully and he produced just the slightest sheen of tears. "But, sir, I only wanted your company."
“Say hello, Sherlock.”
"If they don't, they should." Greg had a clamp in his hand from which dangled a weighted chain. He held it up for Mycroft to see. "Guess where this is going."
"Do you have to look so damn gorgeous in that suit?"
For his part, John looked his boy deep in the eyes. "Is that what's got you so wound up?"
Blindfolded, Sherlock couldn't see what the Dom was about to tie him down with, but he knew being restrained was on the list of activities for the day.
"Oi! Pet, I'm driving." He tried to shrug the government official off without success. "If we get into an accident, it's your fault."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You’re nearly 4. That means you have another whole year before you have to go to school.”
They found seats together where Sherlock would be able to see them easily from the witness block.
Greg took the hint and gathered his two girls up. "Amy, Beth, get your coats. It's time we go home."
Eurus got out of her seat and walked over to Mycroft. She pulled the gag out.
With a glance at his little  brother, Mycroft walked to the stool and stepped up onto it. "I assume you want my hands raised," he said as coolly as possible."
“Come, pet.”
"There's no rhyme or reason to where they appear." He dashed to the door and out onto the street. There, he saw several of the apparitions. "But the timing is intriguing," he said to no one in particular.
The doctor smiled when Greg came over with a bottle of water, a straw poking out the top of it.
“Shlock.”
Sherlock howled, though it was muffled by the gag. Actual tears came to his eyes and he would have kicked his feet if they hadn't been tied in place, but just for the pure principle of it, the detective continued to struggle.
“Daddy!” Finn yelled from beside his grandfather. He was waving his hand, trying to get his attention.
“No! There’s lots of planning to do. And you won’t be wearing that dreadful thing.”
"Of course, you'll learn more when we are alone. My brothers only have a few hours left with us, then the fun can begin. For now, get on your knees, Mycie."
“Stand, boy.”
“A-are you doing the same again, sir?”
Sherlock snorted then froze. “Is that my father's footsteps I can hear on the stairs?”
After working it in and twisting it to and fro for a while, he patted Sherlock's white arse. Then, with that, he turned on his heel and left, more than content Sherlock couldn't do anything without his knowledge or his permission.
Sherlock seemed relaxed, like being cuffed was a relaxing position to be in, he was usually tense. Extremely tense.
Sherlock nearly made a remark about hearing one of the monkeys speaking, but one glance at Mycroft made him think better of it.
If they had done this a few hours before, John doubted his boy would have been able to feel it because of his new meal chair.
“I do!” Sherlock's words were spoken around the fingers in his mouth, but they were clearly understandable.
“Am I going to have to make you put your head in my-” John cut off as a mass of curls moved over from one side of the bed to land in his lap.
Sherlock ducked his head.
"Just get back in the flat."
With another glance at his brother, Mycroft jumped up and caught the handcuffs over the hook. The jolt as he came back down made his shoulders ache.
A glance at Mycroft told the Superintendent that he would be content to stay longer. "Yeah. It's nice. And we'll have it all to ourselves."
“You called him Mycroft. Twice. Rather than ‘Mr. Holmes’.”
"Excuse me, boy?" John barked.
“What happens when you reach 1000?”
“What are you going to do to him when you find him?”
"You can't leave, Irene. You would miss me too much." She picked up a pen from the desktop and twirled it in her fingers. "Yes, I heard you, dear. But I understand. Emotions are so confusing. You simply don't know what you're feeling. I'll teach you."
The lounge door swung open softly and Sherlock jumped to his feet, it was the Dom. He wore a smart 3 piece suit, except for the tie, and looked remarkably like Mycroft at that particular moment. Had the two of them been sharing their wardrobes? Sherlock shook the thought from his head. That was just what he needed, a mini-Mycroft.
Sherlock nodded, clearly wary but willing to trust in the older man. The doctor paused for a moment and watched him
The doctor laughed. “Alright. 22, I believe.”
"What exactly did I learn today?"
"Did you decide on two separate rooms or one massive one?" John asked.
After a few minutes, Sherlock let out a sigh. He felt more relieved than he had expected to feel. Soon, he and the others would be spending a different type of time together.
“I have a client today Sherlock,” John started from beside him. The Dom's voice startled the younger man who had been intently focused on the picture in front of him. “I am not getting rid of her because you have been causing trouble.”
Siger nodded. "Good idea, son."
"As you wish, dear." She pulled even harder on the chain, forcing Mycroft to back up further.
"Owie!"
"Hmm?"
He brought it down sharply on Sherlock's sit spot, the boy leant forward trying to temper the blow but he couldn't do it enough to make a difference.
Mycroft crawled over to where she had indicated, a look of pure hatred on his face for the woman.
Much of Sherlock’s past when it came to relationships were an absolute disaster. Previous Doms just didn’t know how to control him, or they thought they did and it made Sherlock worse. One in particular, Victor, had gone out of his way to punish him for the smallest things. Most of the time they weren’t even Sherlock’s fault. So naturally he was cautious around punishment implements and the list he had available to be used on him because of such wasn’t overly extensive.
He clambered up onto the chair next to the doctor, “It’s alright, pet, you can lean against me, I won’t bite.” He softly ran his hand through the boy’s curls.
Greg squeezed his arse. "I packed. One suit is in the car. One. And that is for a special occasion in a couple of days."
“Didn’t look like it,” Donovan’s smug expression was starting to irritate the doctor in a way even Sherlock hadn’t managed. Yes, Sherlock could be a brat, heck, he was a brat for 70% of the time, but he wanted to do good or ‘be good’ as he so often called it. He had the natural submissive inside him yelling at him to behave he just tried to ignore it until he felt comfortable enough not to and for him that was a very rare occasion. This sub clearly didn’t care at all. There was the slight lowering of the head when Greg appeared but whether that was through respect to the Dominant or respect to the Detective Inspector John didn’t know.
“It’s probably your first trip to London, right? Going by your final destination and the way the cabbie was taking you – sightseeing?”
Sherlock glared at him and was trying as hard as he could to not lose his temper. He would not lose it before this Dom lost his.
When no response was forthcoming, John shook his head, almost sadly. “41.”
“I was not! It was entirely consensual!”
Mycroft chuckled softly. His heart already felt lighter just getting out of London. He moved closer to Greg and rested his hand on his knee. "Thank you for this, Gregory."
“Yeah?” John's voice came from inside. “Sherlock?” He questioned when the detective just stood at the door. “You alright? I haven't heard your violin.”
Irene waved her hand. "It's a habit. Most people can't get access to this kind of equipment without either buying it or seeking the services of a professional." She held out her hand, wiggling her fingers, for the lube. Eurus got it and put it in her hand.
Mycroft sighed in relief.
“Go on, then.”
With a grin, Sherlock said, "Nope."
John huffed. Why could his sub never make things easy? “Sounds about right.”
"I don't know why I bothered to save you," he said to her sneeringly.
Eurus frowned. "But we wanted them to be naughty. Why hide their... naughtiness?"
Sherlock wouldn’t admit it, but the way in which John planned for his unusual submissive’s behaviour was quite ingenious. He briefly wondered how many were the blond’s ideas and how many were Mycroft’s. He doubted he would ever know and yelped around John’s dick when his arse was pulled sharply. “You’re drifting again, boy.”
It wasn’t a complete shock but a slight surprise when Finn started to lash out at the blond. John caught his tiny fists in his hands (he was still far too small) “enough of that, mate.”
Sherlock gave them a sideways look of disbelief.
The courtroom went eerily silent, then it burst out in a buzzing cacophony. The judge pounded his gavel until it quieted again.
With that he rolled over, pushed himself to his feet, no longer feeling pain in his cock and he walked out of the room.
“Why?” he asked with a pointed
“Just do it.”
“Oh be quiet boy, I'll plug you up again in a second.”
Download from
“Yes, sir. Good, sir. Thank you.” Sherlock's voice was almost as soft as the doctor’s had been.
"Sir!" She snapped, enjoying his flinch.
“You can stick those lights on as well,” he ordered sharply.
"Please, Eurus, Irene. Let him down. Can't you see he's exhausted?" Mycroft begged.
They weren’t in the skies of London very long - after a rather dubious jump across a side street between the roofs – Sherlock began to scramble down the other side of the most recent building, not waiting for John to join him on the ground, he raced out into the nearest street and this time had correctly pin pointed the interception point. He collided into the front of the cab they had been chasing, only the fact that the cab was going so slowly stopped John from shouting at his sub in such a public location.
All he had to do was arrange for a suitable distraction for when the things appeared and he would be able to study them to his heart's content.
"My turn to fly, I think."
Sherlock didn't bother struggling, just went along with it. "It's not disappointing them you're worried about, it's keeping your cock locked up for a long time."
Greg pushed himself to his feet. "We find ways of making him even more uncomfortable then."
“Good boy.”
He wasn’t surprised when Sherlock obeyed immediately and he cuffed them there. With a gentle shove, he encouraged Sherlock toward the sitting room.
. 13.72MB
A few feet away, Greg and Mycroft were chatting quietly to one another, whatever Mycroft said made the younger man laugh.
“Talk.”
John's mouth formed a silent 'o'. “Come here,” he said instead.
Sherlock shot his brother a glare. He thought about his Dom all the time as well, but he couldn't express that fact, not gagged as he was.
"Sir?"
He shook his head. “No, sir.” his voice was quiet and John realised his yelling had probably caused his throat to feel quite raw, although he did deserve it. He had admitted he was in the wrong and therefore was feeling guilty and ready to earn forgiveness.
“Why didn’t you tell my men, Sherlock?” Greg asked. “They could have dealt with it and you wouldn’t have gotten into trouble.”
Sherlock glanced between Irene and his brother. He didn't know who had it better. Eurus and Irene were difficult to choose from.
“Cheers, mate,” John offered. “She was beginning to drive me insane. I thought Sherlock was bad.”
“Better,” John praised slightly, but his sub was in no way forgiven. Not by a long shot. He removed his socks next and then tugged his trousers off. “I’m going to need your cooperation in order to remove your shirt. Are you willing to comply?”
“But I can’t see it!” Sherlock’s hands flew to his curls and he started pulling on them. Why did this have to be so difficult?
He knelt up where John had previously specified and tried to keep his movements slow with no jerks to prohibit the moving of the chains beneath his clothes. The problem with focusing all his attention on the clamps was the occasional brush of the new butt plug across his prostate. He could feel the beginnings of an erection attempting to swell within its tight confines.
Sherlock cocked his head on the side again and reached his hand out. His hand went straight through the figure.
"And I fucking gave you a chance. You felt like pushing your luck, well you'll know about it now." John used his foot to hook a bench that was against the wall and pull it into the centre of the room. He threw Sherlock over it face first. "Don't even think about moving." He went over to the suitcase that held their toys and started rummaging through it. He came back with rope and began wrapping it around Sherlock's body, tying his already cuffed arms to his back, then he began tying him to the bench starting at his neck and heading down his back.
"All of them. With everything on top."
"Well, you got one thing right. You've certainly been attention seeking." John crossed his arms and looked at Sherlock with a blank face. "I just don't know."
“I don't want to know.”
Irene saw the government official's distress and laughed. "Don't worry, Ice Man, I won't be taking photos. More's the pity, but it was one of your sister's conditions if I wanted to come and play."
"Ta." John slipped down so he could sit on the floor with his boy. The whole time, he kept his fingers moving in Sherlock's hair.
“Pet?”
The doctor laughed. "I'll help you get him up there, then I'll go back to watching you torturing him."
“Well done with him, seriously. I’d call you a saint but I’m sure you’ve just got the patience of one.”
Beside him, Sherlock was trying to fall to his knees, but the doctor wrapped his arms around him and held him tight. "Nope. As your Dom, I say you're going to sit in our bed and let me feed you. It's what I want to do."
"Because. I'm. Not. A. Dog," Sherlock growled out lowly.
Mycroft tried not to listen to the two Doms, instead focusing his attention on his brother. He couldn't tell if Sherlock was completely tuned out of the room, in his Mind Palace or actually listening to what the Doms were saying and just not reacting.
No one else seemed to be freaking out or panicking so maybe this was a drill? Either way, he was intrigued to see what kind of drill it would be, what with armed men supposedly innocent inside Canary Wharf.
Quietly seething, Sherlock complied. John didn’t open his mouth once, and each time it got to putting away each dish he just pointed mutely at whichever cupboard it belonged in. It wasn’t long before Sherlock was pissed off with the way he was being treated, but when he went to open his mouth and his Dom caught his eye, he froze. This was his own fault. He should have known by now that this Dom would find a more inventive way to punish him than just the paddle this time round. At least this would be over soon and painless. Sherlock couldn’t recall if he had ever been punished painlessly before, but he knew if he had it was rare and a very long time ago. He had probably still been a child.
Sherlock went to open his mouth.
"No, baby brother. I'm on your side, but you have to put forth some effort. Do try."
“Now here is what is going to happen next, I’m going to sit back and relax whilst you unpack all of your stuff.”
“Go to my playroom Greg. You know the code. There’s a bed up there too now. Calm him down.”
“How’d you find him?”
“No! No, sir, no. I’ll stay here, in the corner. For an hour, sir, I promise.”
“That was an oyster, Sherlock said.”
Sorry for the time this has taken. Disaster for TS amazing for all my other WIPs!
Eurus glanced between the two. Sherlock didn't seem bothered, she felt the need to point that out.
"Damn right you do!" Greg called out from the kitchen. "I'll keep my eye on Myc. That's my gift to you."
“Sherlock Holmes, I'm arresting you for armed robbery and murder, you do not have to say anything-”
“You are a monkey.”
Nodding slightly, even though he couldn’t see because he hadn’t turned around John took a step back, well if getting away wasn’t his plan, what was? Did he actually want to be here?
Sherlock frowned. "Nothing to do with me. I've been at Bart's all day."
Sherlock dropped to his knees and scrambled across the room as fast as he could.
“But, sir-”
"You're a pretty picture too, pet. Don't start sulking."
"Not addressing you, properly, sir."
“Including having you tied to the punishment bench for the next 3 hours,” came a terrifyingly familiar voice from behind him.
"That's it." John dragged his sub towards the jungle room.
Also, I love reading you guys' comments so please keep them coming! I will try to get round to answering them all, promise
Greg nodded, agreeing. "Myc, pet, do you know what it is?"
He pulled his finger free and did it again seconds later.
With a sniffle, the sub met John's eyes.
Sherlock found himself being pulled towards an open door.
Irene reached down and wrapped her hand around his painful cock.
Irene screamed and grabbed him by the curls, pulling him upright.
Sherlock's cuffed hands were bunched up beneath him but he didn't struggle.
Greg crawled across the room, his cock hard and aching between his legs. In the kitchen, he fetched a beer from the fridge, then crawled back to John.
They arrive at the crime scene.
The DI watched Sherlock be led away without complaint and turned back on his Sergeant. “Don't even try and talk your way out of this. Sub or not, you do not strike a suspect!”
The guard didn't waste time. He turned and scurried from the room lest he earn either woman's ire.
“Angelo’s, sir.”
The doctor just watched him fondly as he ran around the side of the cab and started banging on the window. “Police!” Sherlock lied. “Open up!” he tugged at the passenger door, trying to get it open, while in a hurry as well as breathing heavily. He stared at the man inside and then growled in annoyance, he straightened up immediately, only his Dom being inches from him stopped him from kicking the cab in his frustration. “No!” He leaned in for another look. “Tan, teeth… you must be what? Californian? L.A. just arrived,” he huffed his impatience again.
"Just wait until I tell John about this," the detective growled.
"Fine. Go on."
Greg grinned. "I brought the rice."
"It has to be all the flavours with a flake and sprinkles and strawberry sauce!"
"Because you're bored enough as it is, the last thing I need right now is a hyper bored consulting detective."
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock repeated.
John glanced down, where his cock was caged, it was clear he should have been hard as precome dribbled from the tip. "Look at you, boy, making a mess all over the floor. Naughty boy." His next swoosh of the crop was a little harder.
Sherlock groaned as he typed out the DI’s number. Bloody tally. Bloody spanking. Bloody painful arse-
John blinked a couple of times at his boyfriend. "I suppose... I thought we would teach him here. It seemed like the kind of thing you would want to do." He looked at the peacefully sleeping boy. "But he does need to learn to make friends. He's had precious little opportunity for that."
He almost felt sorry for his brother when Sherlock didn't respond. He stayed facing the way John had left him. As he removed John's shoes and socks, he caught his gaze. He bit his lip to keep from begging the Dom to relent and hold Sherlock. Even as a sub himself, he knew it wasn't what his brother needed at the moment. What Sherlock wanted wasn't what he needed, and when he thought on what had caused this, he deserved it.
Sherlock just glared at her. "But-"
The landlady didn’t seem surprised to see the Dom and she hid her annoyance at the youngest of the three well. She turned to face the blond and knew better than to lie to a Dom. She had that sort of air about her that all the elderly subs seemed to have around all dominants. Things were a lot different 25 years ago. He remembered what his parents’ relationship was like. Until his mum had the guts to throw his dad out.
"You said you wouldn't stop me going on cases!" Sherlock snapped.
The doctor embraced his husband and kissed him. “Good. I think that’s good. Talking, I mean.” He released Sherlock. “We can talk about it tonight unless he's too tired.”
“You willing to obey me now?”
The doctor looked at Sherlock expectantly, causing him to nod and sit up a little straighter.
"No you're not. Sherlock!" Mycroft's voice was raised as he struggled to free himself from the cuffs.
John slapped it.
The gag John picked out was large and dildo shaped, made of a firmer material than most. It would be less forgiving that the one they had used on him before.
Irene grabbed his cock again, "you should learn some respect, junior."
"Shut it, you," the Superintendent ordered, "every piece of equipment here has a copy. The joys of money, eh Myc?"
"Not hungry."
Each cane stroke was the same distance below the one just before until he had six perfect lines across his arse.
"I want ice cream!"
John snorted. "You mean how mine is the child that cries through the night and yours isn't?"
"I'm sorry, sir," he whispered softly. He was pressing his head into the carpet as hard as he could to remain focused and not give John another reason to add more pain to his backside.
With a shrug of his own, Greg followed.
"Is someone there?" he asked. In such a huge space, he knew it would be easy for someone to hide. Slowly, he stepped further into the interior, but he still didn't see anyone.
"How do you mean?" Eurus asked. "You put him in the path?"
"That's not the point."
As a reward, John rubbed and petted him everywhere the ropes didn't cover him.
"John, I've tried."
“Shall we go and get you some proper food?”
Mycroft held his brother tighter as he laughed. "Who knows. Eurus is full of surprises."
“Uncuffed?” he asked, more cautious now.
After 3 buzzes in his pocket, John's buzzed.
“No?”
John could sense this going on for a while. He reached over and grabbed his pet’s tea. Sweet and milky. “Here.”
Sherlock's head shook as much as he could.
Sherlock swallowed, feeling stupid. He had managed to do something wrong after staying still while he knelt.
Sherlock frowned but didn't speak, all his attention was focused on being good. He almost laughed. He'd make a competition of it: who could behave the best, him or Mycroft? So far he was clearly winning over his brother. Laughing would be bad and raise questions he didn't want to answer, instead he held his emotions in check.
"We don't need to explain what will happen if you fight us," one guard said.
Mycroft sat in the dog bed with his back against the cell wall. He settled his brother's head in his lap and smoothed down his hair.
"He seems different this time, mate. He was being an idiot for no reason. Before, he had a reason."
“When me and uncle Mycroft were little Mummy used to force us to eat them. And cabbage and trees. All of those horrible things.”
"Okay."
“I figured it would be something like that.” John took a deep breath, now or never.
“But why, sir?” the boy repeated. Now he was repeating himself, John began to think there was something else going on here.
“There wasn’t a case. There was never any suitcase.” He seemed less sure of himself this time.
The three of them came up with a plan and began their search immediately. Greg had even drawn in a few handfuls of officers to travel out to John’s for the search.
Satisfied when Sherlock still didn't move, John turned his attention back to the TV. He kept half an eye on his boy, pleased with his behaviour. He decided to let him kneel there for another half hour, if he didn't move he could join them, if he did, everything would be over.
Irene felt paralysed. She had been domming them when Eurus had gone mad and told her to stop. She decided she'd have to be careful. "Place your foreheads on the floor."
“Thank you. For letting me have half now, I mean, sir.” He honestly did mean it, twice that amount in one go would have been far too much and would likely have had him sobbing.
John and Greg exchanged exasperated glances, then the superintendent went into the playroom. "What?"
“Girls, you remember John and Sherlock, don’t you?”
“No, sir. Seems like the pattern is every 6 days. We’re on day 2.”
“Did you never think that was odd?”
"What part of them wasn't fair? If you can give me a decent answer I'll let you off."
“Did you not listen to your caution?”
With a snort, the older Holmes pulled Sherlock to his feet. “Good job you aren't with him anymore then.”
"I bloody well know a damn sight more than you do."
“I do, sir. I promise.”
John smiled. “Come on then.”
Rather than argue that he hadn’t been thinking such a childish thing, he took off towards the nearest tree. John thought it was because he liked climbing trees, despite his age, but actually he hoped, if he got high enough without John yelling at him he might be able to get some form of a clue to explain where he was. Well over a month in and he still had no idea where this Dom lived.
John has a 'friend' over and Sherlock doesn't like him.
"Why not?" John yelled in frustration.
“Have you been punished like that before, pet?”
The doctor opened a nearby hatch in the floor and used the leash to attach his sub’s collar to the hook revealed beneath the carpet, similar to the one by the bed.
"So," John started after they'd been quiet for a while. "When do we meet this baby?"
Eurus pouted. "Don't make this too easy. Irene will find it boring." She held out her hand behind her. "Join me, Irene."
"Whatever."
Mycroft had no idea. "I think we've got about 3 feet of room."
Sherlock rolled over, away from the Dom, and wrapped his arms back around the pillow he hadn’t let go of.
He set about cleaning his cock again before removing the sterile packaging around the sound and beginning to insert it.
"I said don't move!"
When John realised how tired his boy looked, he knew it would be another slow day, maybe subspace would tire him out enough to make him sleep.
Sherlock lowered his head. He knew what he was asking, seeing as he already knew he was. “Yes, sir another… acquaintance.”
As soon as they had paid using Mycroft’s card, this time with his knowledge, they returned to the waiting cars and resumed their trip to the beach.
"Make them hurt each other. I don't care how you manage it."
Before the detective could make a snarky comment, John shoved the gag back in his mouth. "Have fun. I'm going to check on Greg and your brother."
"Mycroft," Greg called from the bedroom door. "Back in here, babe."
"Your arse in those jeans now. I want to see how good it looks."
“One, boy, now.”
John grabbed his boy by the curls. He looked over at the Superintendent. "For fuck's sake. Greg, would you fetch me a gag? I should have known better than to remove it in the first place."
When he was done, he knelt silently beside his Dom, his knees cold and sore on the hard, unforgiving floor.
"Good." Greg licked a line up Mycroft's neck. "I was hoping you'd say that."
John looked on, amused. He felt the most relaxed he had in months. He would be content to just sit there and watch the others play for hours. He glanced down at his phone. "Mycroft and Greg are on their way. They'll be here in 15 minutes."
It was fairly easy to run when all the cars had stopped. He did wonder why they didn't all just drive through the random shiny things and instead chose to stop their journey.
"Yes, sir."
By the time he had got back to their room, the government official had woke. Greg admired the view as his boy stretched his muscles on top of the duvet. He rolled over, his bare arse poking out. Greg placed the mugs on the side and whacked it with his palm.
And this chapter is courtesy of sherlockian4evr, we made a pact, if she updated endure id give you guys this
John sighed, but took his hand, leading him to the bathroom. When he eventually got him into the shower, John started washing his boy, taking his time and enjoying having his hands on him. "You have no idea how much I like this, do you, pet?"
“It never has been before.”
“Good boy.”
“What do you think?”
Sherlock gritted his teeth, trying to repress a glare.
Sherlock frowned, his expression one of serious confusion, why did he have these sudden feelings? No not feelings, cravings. “Can I, sir?” he asked, trying his luck.
“Yes, sir. I understand.” Of course John wouldn’t leave the room without the secure knowledge the padlocked leash was not coming away from the bed.
“You can't see him until after he has been interviewed.”
He replied 'no comment' to the remainder of Donovan's questions. He couldn't see a way out if he answered them in any other way. All they would do was dig his hole deeper.
"Oi! That's disgusting! Now we both need another shower."
“John?”
"Alright. Stop kissing my arse."
Well at least he knew what Panic was, John thought absently, slightly better than the fact he didn’t know what aftercare was until last night.
“Is everything okay, John?”
He shook his head. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, barely audible. Sherlock seemed defeated, but not in a submissive way. The doctor would go as far as to say his sub was scared.
Sherlock’s feet snapped apart with a surprising jerk, and he struggled to find his footing. John’s grip on his neck tightened before he could think of running. His wrists, however, stayed locked behind him.
“Sir, it's me. Mr. Holmes has just come out of the window.”
"John... I-I'm sorry."
He quickly dismissed the idea of getting a cab, deciding he would be quicker on foot. He raced towards the nearest alley he knew and then paused, looking around, he planned his route in his Mind Palace, not even bothering to think through the consequences.
John didn’t stop on the second floor, but then Sherlock hadn’t really expected him to. “Your anger is not going to make this any easier for you to deal with. And frankly it’s your own fault. Move.”
"Yes, sir," he repeated softly. He almost felt floaty. Like subspace was approaching, but they had done nothing to stimulate it.
"Mycroft!" Sherlock shouted at his brother. "How dare you!"
“It’s preprogrammed, boy,” the doctor pointed out with a smirk. “I do hope you enjoy it.” He reached down and tipped Sherlock's head back so he could stare into his grey-green eyes. “You remember what happened the last time you came without permission, don't you?” He reached down and gripped his hardening cock in his fist.
“I'm going to drop you on your head unless you flip upright, Finn.”
John pinched the bridge of his nose. The living room was really too small for such nonsense.
“Of course, but you'll have to be careful,” Sherlock agreed.
“Lay over the usual bench.” Watching his boy comply, John moved to locate the fucking machine and he pulled it over.
“What was that, pet?”
He removed his first finger and replaced it with two this time.
Greg made a point of thinking about it. "Breach of the peace."
By the time they made it down the stairs - John had carried him down - the hall was empty and both Mycroft and Greg were in the sitting room.
“Then how can you not know where you were three hours ago?”
He was leant back against one corner, staring at the toes of his shoes and his hands stuffed into his pockets.
Sherlock had to think for a moment. “You lot arresting me,” he glanced at his solicitor, glad he wasn't being interrupted.
Mycroft shrugged, jostling his brother against his shoulder. "I wouldn't be so sure."
"And nor should it be. The contract you have with John, is that the problem?"
Mycroft bit his lip keeping quiet.
John had forgone pants, well aware what they were doing. “Take me into your mouth, boy. Slowly.”
“Alright, boy, your choice.” John walked the 7 paces around the bed without his cane and grabbed the sulking detective by his collar. He pulled him off the bed and dragged him to the middle of the floor where he pushed him to his knees. Sherlock should be accustomed to kneeling there already.
Something on the doctor's face made Sherlock begin to smile.
"A bit of warning would have been nice."
“Good boy. But what do you say to Mrs. Hudson?”
Mycroft seemed to have accepted his cock up and hadn't grumbled about being knelt while his little brother was on a comfy chair.
"You can't tell me what to do," Sherlock said petulantly.
. 11.59MB
“Yes, sir.”
Mycroft got to his feet and took a few steps, closing the distance between the sofa and his brother. “Why would I take you away?”
Sherlock did as he was told, trying to face away from the Dom.
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”
Irene pointed at another guard. "I'll show you how a proper cropping is done." When the guard stepped over, she made sure he had the proper stance. After he struck a blow, she corrected his form. When she was satisfied, she stepped back. "Show Eurus what you've leant."
“He wouldn’t go in some of the rooms, not without permission.”
They went into Sherlock's room together. Greg, with a bounce in his walk. He hadn't submitted for long, but he felt refreshed.
John stood in the doorway and tutted. Sherlock was sporting a challenging smirk.
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
Sherlock's eyes snapped open and he glared. He glanced over towards his brother. Mycroft was looking a bit worse for wear, his cock hanging limp between his legs as Eurus stood back and watched a guard hit it with another riding crop.
"No, sir." Sherlock actually hoped John would hurry up and cage him. It would be better than staying in the humbler.
"That sounds like something that would happen to me," John said, squeezing his boy's hand. "Those birds are a menace."
"He's thinking again," Greg pointed out.
“Pick a flavour.”
John didn't seem surprised. He really should have been. He glanced over at where Mycroft and Greg were playing in the sand with the girls. Finn was down the beach further with his grandad.
"You'd think you would be nice to Mycroft then."
John had to get up and leave the room, just so he could have some peace while he burst out laughing.
“Come on, pet, come and have some lunch.”
Sherlock moaned his complaint and tried shifting to get John to touch him in a more satisfying place.
“Pet, come out of the corner.”
“But-”
He was so far in his head, he didn't hear the bed shift, or John move to the side. When there was a hand on his shoulder he jerked.
Mycroft settled himself in the armchair opposite. "Why, I am spending a few pleasant hours with my little brother and his fiance."
John was supposed to stay emotionally unattached from his clients, he was supposed to stay professional, but with Sherlock it was different. There was something about him… the fact that he was the younger brother of a close friend only helped to push him closer towards him.
The detective nodded slightly, feeling the burn as it was eased into him.
Sherlock sighed. “I am not escaping. I’ll go back when I’m done.”
The doctor removed his finger long enough to add more lube and then pushed two in at once.
Sherlock just seemed to melt in John's arms.
his forgiveness
“May I kiss you?”
John grasped the chain dangling from the clover clamps and pulled on it. He held the chain taught, giving it a few jerks.
The two of them started walking back towards the house and eventually Greg glanced over his shoulder. "Boys!" He yelled. "Come on."
The Superintendent actually laughed. "I don't know."
"But Irene hates me, it must be because-"
As he settled himself down in the comfortable chair, he ordered the boy to kneel next to him.
"I believe my brother was expecting an evening of cuddles and such."
"Actually, the last time he was here he stopped… a green blob."
“Go and put the kettle on, pet.”
Mycroft groaned. And then it was all over as Greg rolled off him and to the side. He grabbed his coffee and pressed it into his sub’s hands.
John smiled. He went to the wardrobe and pulled a shirt out that he liked the look of, but wanted to see his sub in it more, it was the dark purple one. The sub’s hands had gone back to behind his head so Johm took one arm – it was pliable like clay – and pushed it into the sleeve. His hand appeared at the cuff and John took his fingers into his mouth, Sherlock looked up at him and smiled dopily. “Are you my good boy?”
John knew he was stronger than the taller man. Years in the army and controlling wayward subs had gained him a lot of valuable strength. He’d also learned a lot of techniques, many that he had made up himself, which would almost definitely come in handy.
"It's for John, sir."
“Since when did obeying my instructions come naturally to you?”
"Go and fetch your jacket, Sherlock."
John returned in short order with a spreader bar that he attached to the contract cuffs. Sherlock swallows his moan of complaint, deciding against letting John hear it.
Sherlock breathed heavily around the gag.
“You’re not playing the numbers, you’re playing me. Did I just give you the good pill or the bad pill? Is it a bluff? Or a double-bluff? Or a triple-bluff?”
“Very admirable of you.”
John frowned and shook his head, indicating the stool beside him.
“That’s the start.” He clipped him on the back of the head for arguing, not lightly either, his head ducked forward and hit the wall. “Stay there.”
Mycroft hadn't been told to stay put, but he hadn't been told to follow either. In the absence of clear orders, he chose to follow his Dom in case Gregory needed anything from him. When Mycroft reached the playroom door, Greg glanced up.
Sherlock swallowed hard at the sound of his Dom’s voice from the kitchen. It was so hard it hurt, like the large lump in his throat was expanding with every subsequent breath. The thought that John was in the flat, let alone being undetected, wasn’t processing inside his head, this man always managed to get one up on him and never failed to surprise him.
“I don’t want to focus on my breathing,” Sherlock grumbled trying to pull his hands out of John’s grip, but the Dom stopped him.
"You aren't the bad guy-"
The sub wasn't crying yet, but his face was bright red. It wouldn't be long before he was sobbing.
It felt like forgiveness.
. 11.20MB
“I’ve mentioned it before, Sherlock. The contract is 3 months, but subs aren’t always ready by then. As a professional Dom I have a responsibility for you. I can’t kick you out after 3 months and take on another sub until you are ready.”
“Slow. It's practically non-existent actually. Most of my time is spent with Kate.”
"Or what?"
Sherlock let out a low, desperate moan. He hadn't expected another enema, though he should have. This time, the burn seemed to start almost immediately. He stilled straight away, hoping it was what John wanted to stop the torture.
"You'd use the strap, sir," he repeated, making sure his tone was soft yet clear for the older man.
Mycroft smiled softly, sadly, dropping to one knee beside his brother. "You should have told him, Lock, it's his job to look after you. You understand that, right?"
“Come on, pet, up you get.”
He closed his eyes and growled at such a stupid oversight.
"They are a starter," Mycroft added, holding his own. "God, Sherlock, at least mine are dead. Put them back!"
Sherlock deduced it before Finn reacted but the little boy's eyes widened and he burst into tears.
Rather than make a snarky comeback, the detective just smiled. He didn't feel like eating and he wasn't going to let anyone try to make him. He slipped into the living room and over to one of the windows.
“Explain,” the doctor prompted.
"But, Gregory-"
“No. I do not want to hear it. I do not care. I do not want you out of my sight but that does not mean you will sleep in my bed. That is a privilege that revoked itself the second you thought it ok to disrespect me and put yourself in danger.”
They were both surprised by that revelation. John had secretly guessed, given his actions on his fifth day, but it was still a shock to hear them said aloud, especially from the only person he had ever met had seemed to think he wasn’t allowed his own emotions. Then it dawned on him what his sub had said and he hastened to reassure his pet, “I’m not going to make you go anywhere, pet. I just needed to be sure this is what you want. You were quite out of it last night with Panic and the sedative I gave you. It wouldn’t have been right to assume-”
“Mycroft.” He smiled as he opened the door. “Thank you.” He took the duffel bag as it was handed over the threshold.
John stepped between the thing and their landlady. "Go away! She doesn't want you here."
Mycroft didn't move. It didn't really hurt, not badly. He was used to headaches, it came with the job, and who his brother and sister were. One little knock would make no difference.
Sherlock pushed himself to his knees and the Superintendent grabbed his wrists, cuffing them behind him.
"There,” Earus said, “that type of anger is what I expected.”
Sherlock thumped his forehead against the floor a couple of times in frustration.
Mycroft groaned around his gag, making his Dom laugh.
"You're a cruel man, Doctor Watson."
Sherlock tried to lean his head back, but as soon as he had done it he heard his brother whimper and straightened up again. He couldn't move, neither of them could move without the other suffering. Irene was winning already and by the sound of it they had barely begun.
Sherlock, for once, was being more cautious. He was examining the pill, but he was looking at it through the bottle.
“I will. But please, sir, I didn’t know.”
Sherlock had paused at the door, the Dom’s phone gripped tightly in his hand.
“Don’t worry, mate, I’ll deal with that.”
Mycroft sighed, disturbed by his brother's current choice of action, but after a glance at his Dom for approval, he sat down in the water alongside the other two men. Mycroft could understand where Sherlock was coming from with this whole behaving 100% but it wasn't him. This Sherlock wasn't the one his Dom fell in love with.
Sherlock knelt.
“Yours.”
"Sir," Sherlock said softly, "thank you."
John was glad that he could be the one to bring that about; glad his pet trusted him enough now, but he definitely noticed the conflicting thoughts on Sherlock's face. He only ignored them because of the insistent knocking.
“I don’t need a leash, I know how to stay in a bed by myself.” He didn’t know why the idea of a leash was so demeaning, all subs had them.
Greg did, he stepped forward and wrapped his arms around the younger man. It had been up and down the last few days. They’d made assumptions that Sherlock had returned to normal only to find him still this new version that refused to breathe out of place.
The older sub looked over at his brother and it took less than a second to deduce he was in trouble... it was the corner after all.
He had been stood just outside the door. Waiting.
Last night they had played again, using the same method of loosening him up a bit and allowing him to orgasm. He hadn’t lied to his pet when he arrived - the cage was for control not necessarily denial. He had made the detective ask permission and he hadn’t complained, doing what he had been told all afternoon, even during his second tally punishment. The only difference between the two evenings was John had ended up carrying him downstairs rather than using the bed in the playroom. After the cuddles they had had, subspace had also not been quite as potent. As he tucked him in, the sub was extremely quiet given he had just been put back in the cage.
"Thought not. Now shut it."
Sherlock’s eyes flashed with danger but he knew John meant that and would keep his word. He’d obey, just.
Sherlock growled his frustration and discomfort even as he renewed his struggles. John stood and, without a word of warning, brought the riding crop down across the plumpest part of his sub's arse.
“Yes you did.” John juggled the ice creams and handed the little boy his. Finn took it and hugged the doctor's legs.
The Dom placed a well lubed finger at his hole and edged it in. He glanced back up at his sub again when he heard a bitten off groan. “Pet. Pet, you’re with me, remember.”
John chuckled and it made the detective feel the blush rise up his neck again. “I am, pet. And it is all for you.”
Greg couldn’t believe how his answer was so… well so normal, rather than snitty like he quite often was. They had always been… more than acquaintances, even before he had met Mycroft. In fact, he had met Mycroft because of the acquaintance, which was something he would forever be grateful for. He couldn’t work out why the detective’s behaviour was the way it was. Was it because he was a Dom and the younger man was finally learning some respect or was it because John had managed to teach him to be a well-mannered human being in general? It was an amazing transformation in just over 4 weeks. He would need to congratulate the Dom that was John Watson in the very near future.
Mycroft got them settled on the dog beds, then he took of his own gag. "They've gone, baby brother. Try to relax." The government official set to work removing the ball stretcher and then the plug, then he took care of himself.
Greg sighed, placed the other clamp on the remaining nipple and then stood to fetch a posture collar.
“Yes, sir.”
At that, the detective gave a genuine smile and even said, "Thank you."
John did the math in his head. “So not only did you do the course in half the time you went to Oxford early?”
It wasn't until an hour later that John led the boy downstairs, Sherlock was much surprised to not see the chair with that damn dildo on it.
“And John’s?” He asked quietly.
“Does this mean I don't have a Dom now?” The younger Holmes asked, climbing into the back seat. Mycroft had referred to the missed calls as from 'his Dom', but that didn't make any sense, he'd been charged. The contract was void.
When John returned, he was highly disappointed. Sherlock hadn’t just moved, he’d done so excessively. Every part of his position was different compared to how John had left him. He’d slouched down on his knees and his hands were in his lap. He’d also moved so the leash was behind him, making him closer to the door, presumably so he didn’t have to look at the thing that was keeping him on his knees. If it wasn’t for the leash, John wouldn’t put it past the brat to stand up and walk away.
There were two Saint Andrew's crosses standing in opposite corners of the cell. When Sherlock saw them, he swore.
“And we are already about 200 meters into the street, yes?”
Feeling the need to regain control, “I will never punish you when I am angry. If I feel my temper is likely to get the better of me, I’ll leave you in time out until I am calm enough to deal with you.”
"Ha! He's been begging for this, literally. You're the one who pointed it out." John thumped Sherlock alongside the head. "I daren't back down now."
The guard behind him stepped back and Mycroft struggled to his feet.
They sat in silence as the car drove them ever nearer to the waiting helicopter, Sherlock looking out the window at the passing scenery.
“Do you want to-”
"I um..." Sherlock stumbled when he came round on John's lap.
“It’s ok, I’m sure there’s something in my car.”
"Has he had his painkillers this morning?"
"Hmm," Greg hummed happily, slouching back in his chair and gripping Mycroft's thinning hair in his hands.
“Go on.”
"Nothing, sir," he ground out quickly.
Sherlock shook his head, or as much as he could given the collar.
The Dom held his arm up his back, his hand as close to his shoulder blades as he could get it. Sherlock hissed but bit his lip, he was used to this, he knew how to handle this… how he had always handled it. It was a matter of seconds before his hand was released and they were both behind him and cuffed.
“Apologise for the attitude, Sherlock, and then explain yourself.”
The detective glanced at John again as if for confirmation before opening the door and stepping inside. He paused almost immediately, wanting to back out but knowing John blocked the door.
"I hope they're done with us for the night," Sherlock said tiredly. "I want to go home to John."
He roused him gently when they reached Baker Street, but Sherlock jerked awake, alert within seconds. John smiled, but realised it was most likely a defence mechanism - a way to protect himself.
“He was fine. We even had a plan.”
He stepped into the room from the hall, his eyes not leaving his sub. As Sherlock glanced up and saw him, he swallowed hard, wanting to hide behind the sofa rather than under his dressing gown.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked up at his father. "You should stay." He was still getting used to spending time with him and it felt awkward at times, but he wanted whatever Finn wanted and he had to get used to it sooner or later.
“Very well,” John led him across the room and pressed him down over the bed. “Can you hold your hands behind your back or do I need to activate the cuffs?”
It made both of them jump in surprise when the door was pushed open and Greg came in dragging Mycroft by the scruff of his neck.
"I don't enjoy it." Greg pointed out after it was clear he was not going to speak. "Punishing Mycroft I mean. No Dom enjoys punishing their subs, I'm sure John's told you that. But it needs to be done. It's not your fault."
Sherlock grinned and scrambled to his feet, beginning to strip immediately. He threw all his clothes in the direction of the hamper and knelt back down again, resting his head against the older man’s leg.
“Greggie!” Finn struggled out of Mycroft’s grip and ran to the door where the DI had appeared.
Sherlock nodded. "I know."
"How about you, boy. Anything to say?" The Dom pulled Mycroft's trousers down as well.
He got to his feet and opened the windows wide. It was pissing down with rain and he stood there watching, ignoring the rain that managed to reach him through the now open window. He looked out at the world of London below and sighed. All those people, walking around like they had a purpose. What were they doing? Going for lunch between some 9-5 boring job. What was the point? Besides getting wet.
The only thing John could think of was that the bondage has tipped him under. It was odd, but it made sense as to why he was so relaxed. He had planned on a few boring activities for the younger man but it seemed like a pointless effort now. There was no point punishing him while he was floating like a cloud.
When he was done, John leant up and kissed the younger man again before leaning back, entering Dom mode. “Now apart from having your name back, you can have your microscope. It will be in the lab permanently. I’m also going to give you the opportunity to pick something that Miss Molly Hooper is likely to have at the morgue.”
John nodded once and turned his attention back to the older sub, he wasn’t concerned about Sherlock right now, his Panic had been successfully avoided, but he would keep an eye on him.
"Mistress," Kate whispered, Sherlock only just heard it. John's hand was still in his hair.
"I don't understand, sir," Sherlock whispered but it was unclear as to which Dom he was talking to, his own, or his brother's.
Sherlock didn't comment on the random spot the hand cuffs were in, he kept his in the salad tray after all. Even so, he did what he was told.
Rather than repeating his instruction again, John forcefully stripped the boy of his suit, going as far as ripping his shirt. He threw the whole lot in the corner. He'd make the sub sort it later.
The doctor cupped his pet's bollocks in his hand, weighing them, then he gave them a tug. "If Mycroft wasn't otherwise occupied, I'd ask Greg to let him suck on these."
“Slow down,” Sherlock repeated. “A trip to A&E would only delay the trip to the beach.”
Greg had realised the running commentary had fallen silent. "John what is it?"
It wasn't until she started kicking him that he bagan to crawl. Even then he moved slowly, not wanting to give her too much satisfaction.
John nodded curtly and ruffled his pet’s curls as he passed to the door, leaving the pair alone.
Finn wiggled like mad trying to get free from his seat, but the buckles wouldn’t let him go. Sherlock chuckled as he managed to free him. “Come on then munchkin.” He kept a firm grip on the little boy’s hand sensing he would make a break for it in the car park otherwise. “No need to be in such a hurry. It's not going anywhere.”
"Don't worry, 'Lock. I'll take care of you."
"Would murder count?" Mycroft called over his shoulder.
What concerned the doctor was the choice of restaurant Mycroft had made. He hadn't told them where they were going but they were clearly driving too far for it to actually be Angelos. He just hoped the kids wouldn’t be too bored wherever they ended up.
“I. Don’t. Care!” He hissed, gripping his pet by the curls. “This relationship, this contract comes before any case. Kneel.”
Sherlock’s hands came down and he stood up in a flash, the leash only just long enough as the loop slid up the table leg.
“Problem?” Greg snarled, his tone almost vicious, a side, Mycroft noted, that he didn’t see often.
“I'm sure if you could speak you'd tell me how unnecessary all this is. But I don't care, you'll get into subspace one way or another.”
"Don't care!"
“Have a glass of water, please, sir?”
He worried that Sherlock would struggle to get past this. Mycroft would probably feel betrayed when he came out of Panic, because that emotion was likely to have caused the episode in the first place. He was sure they’d fix things but he knew his pet would go the long way about it.
Sherlock had waited a few moments before returning to his spot on the sofa to think. He looked up in surprise as Mrs. Hudson came in. He had only seen her briefly since they’d been back in Baker Street and that was only to tell her they’d be staying a few days.
Finn giggled and raced out under Sherlock's arm. He charged at Mycroft and lunged into his lap.
"I don't give a shit what you want," John stated. "Your opinion is invalid and your wants are out the fucking window."
Sherlock glared in a different direction to his sister, he couldn't answer in any way, the posture collar made all head movement impossible and the gag did the same for his voice. He couldn't even stick his tongue out at her.
"No, sir."
"Yes, sir. I'm well aware of that."
Sherlock kept watching. His excitement increased when the Doctor stepped out of the blue box. It would be interesting to see what he would do with all those soldiers ready to fire at him.
Sherlock frowned, "What?" He wanted to fight more, but he was exhausted from hanging there all night.
but see when John crouched in front of him and began playing with his nipples.
“Yes, sir,” he whispered as a response. His own mind was drifting off to the events of the day in order, and then got stuck on that plug in his arse and the… thing inside his cock.
“In there, Holmes, or I'll cuff you in there.”
Mycroft began shaking his head enthusiastically, making the Superintendent want to laugh even more.
"Why are you being good, little big brother?" Eurus asked.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock was pressing his arse back, meeting his fingers. “Oh, no, no, pet, this isn’t it. You’re going to ride me.”
“What are you waiting for, boy? Run!” he shoved Sherlock in the back towards the longer end of the street and then immediately found his pet’s number to FaceTime him. “And you’d better answer it, brat!”
“How did you find this?” The DI asked. He doubted he'd noticed anything Sherlock hadn't, but for now he was willing just to know where exactly it had come from so he could have his men scope the place out.
“He… he would tie me up on the floor, mostly. He wouldn’t let me on the bed and push a rod that looked like a scaffold pole up my arse and something similar down my throat and then just leave me, with it pounding. He would turn up a few hours later, claiming the lecture had overrun, when in fact he had been fucking some girl that I could smell on him whilst watching me on the security camera he had in his room.”
John stood behind them and bent over, draping his arms around their shoulders. "Which one of you can take it the best, I wonder. I can't wait to find out."
"Do you want to confer?" Greg asked lightly.
The boy sighed and closed his eyes, the bitch was right and that was precisely why he needed out of this dump. He didn't know where he would go, but anywhere had to be better than here, better then being anywhere near her and better than the annoying whining tone of voice that was ever present when this Dom was around.
“Where is he, Greg?” John demanded immediately, ignoring any sort of pleasantries.
"You're a dominatrix," Eurus pointed out. "Dom my brothers. now."
“Cardiff.” Sherlock answered his own rhetorical question and glanced up at his Dom hoping he wasn’t in trouble for his little outburst a few minutes ago, or at least if he had been he had redeemed himself with his deductions.
He managed to look over and see his brother now pinned to the floor by four guards.
“This is that aftercare thing again, isn’t it?”
John wrapped his arm around his boy's shoulders. "Have you considered that I make mistakes as well? You know my temper. I shouldn't make ultimatums when I'm upset. I should step back, calm down and then decide what to do. Now drink." He jerked his head at the mug in Sherlock's hand.
The detective set his bowl down, berating himself as he went after him. It had slipped his mind how Finn's so called parents had treated him when it came to food. He had completely forgotten about the past, both his own and the boy’s.
It almost physically hurt to turn around and go back into the living room, but the detective managed it. He didn't notice the way both John and Siger looked at him, full of pride. He set the stopwatch on his phone but paused when he heard the creaking of a floorboard. He turned back and took Finn by the hand, taking him back to the stairs. “I’m going to restart the timer, Finn.”
“My Kate wanted to be a detective. She's a nurse now.”
John paused to think for a moment. "No, you little shit, that's why I'm spanking you."
John disappeared for the moment and came back with a chair. On it was a built in dildo.
It was nearly 20 minutes before the blue box came in and was put in the far corner. The wrong corner from where he was. He shuffled across the room, out of sight, it wasn't overly busy in the room. He had to duck out of sight again as the blond girl poked her head out.
"Are you going to come or not?"
Sherlock turned his head, trying to pull his wrist free from the Dom again and not succeeding. All he did was manage to knock his Dom off balance momentarily.
The Dominatrix walked over to the chest and, with a leer at Sherlock, opened it. "Oh, these can be fun." She picked up one of the dildo shaped gags. "I rather like this one."
When it came time for bed, John scooped Sherlock up in his arms and carried him through to bedroom. He could tell his pet was still trying too hard to behave. He just hoped that would change with time.
"Did you have something to say, Junior?" Irene asked without stopping what she was doing.
"You've been watching porn?" Sherlock yelled out.
Sherlock stared at the ceiling of the car. "Bored!" He yelled for the fifteenth time.
John was holding Sherlock’s hand as they headed out across the grass. He had his Belstaff on and his scarf around his neck. John wasn’t sure if he liked it as it hid his collar, but it seemed to keep the boy warm. If he had to choose he would choose Sherlock’s warmth, but it wasn’t a big decision when they were in his own grounds. It was different when they were out on cases.
"Just a small one. Empty him out, but don't untie him. You can always fill him back up if he starts giving you more trouble."
He paled, then turned bright red with fury. "You can't do this kind of thing! You knew it was going to happen. You should have let us go!!"
"Did you enjoy Game of Thrones?" Greg asked of the younger sub.
“I meant you.”
The DI chuckled and ran his hand through his greying hair. “I’m am quite sure you will.”
"Yes, sir."
"Jim was a dick."
"Hang it up," Greg ordered.
"No. I mean Sherlock."
John fisted his curls in his hands and used them to guide him from the bathroom, he knocked him to his knees in front of John's bed where there were some toys laid out by the staff.
With slow, cautious movements, Sherlock climbed onto the bed and settled beside his Dom. “I’m sorry, sir,” he repeated.
He ran to the end of the street and looked towards where the traffic was coming from. He spotted the blue flashing lights and made his way there at speed. Police cars were dotted around the street, abandoned up on the curbs, their lights flashing and spinning on top.
Keeping himself bent double so she couldn't see, Sherlock sneered.
"Nothing, sir."
“Before I prepare food, I have something for runaway subs that I use after a month of a contract starting. I know you don't like being tied to things, this is a compromise. One you won't like.”
Sherlock almost began purring when John began to tickle that little spot behind his ear.
Sherlock yelped and thrashed in the ropes.
Mycroft's gaze flickered to his brother.
By this point, John had Sherlock's cuffs tied to the floor, and had his cock free from its confines.
"I know. I just hate the way he makes me so angry sometimes."
John hummed happily. "Maybe you should, boy."
Greg grinned. "Boy, come here." He held out his hand and motioned his sub over. Greg pulled out a folding chair and collapsed into it.
"Try. That. Again." John got to his feet and took 5 threatening steps forward. His short stature did nothing to quell Sherlock's fear of punishment through disobeying, it never did.
"A hood it is, then," John decided.
At that Sherlock grumbled his complaint and began shifting. He was lucky the bucket was below him because he gave up trying to hold it all in.
As soon as Mycroft had trailed after his Dom to head home and get ready for the evening, Sherlock could sense his own Dom’s distraction and took his opportunity.
After feeding Sherlock every mouthful of his breakfast (he wouldn't have had to eat it all if he had done it himself) John got to his feet and stretched. He double checked his phone and then moved to untie the detective from the chair.
"John, mmph-" the detective's words were cut off as the doctor shoved the gag in his mouth once again. He couldn't help but smile to himself, Sherlock hadn't even fought it.
"He's cute," the detective said, chuckling.
"I'm nothing but trouble," Sherlock blurted out, making the Dom pause in shock.
"Anything above captain got too boring."
"No, sir."
For John's part, he hadn't argued. He knew he would be in trouble for being so late back. As long as it didn't turn into an all night affair, he would take what he was due.
"Yes, sir," he sighed softly, reluctantly, burrowing his head into John's trousers and breathing in the familiar smell.
Greg shook his head. "The new Chief Super will handle things. It'll be fine."
“So what do you want as your first reward?” It was obviously going to be his violin, but Sherlock needed to feel responsible for that choice. What happened next surprised the doctor and made him realise the lack of respect he had received so far wasn’t without good reason.
The youngest Holmes shook her head then waked behind Sherlock and pushed the dildo that was still in him even deeper. "No I didn't, love."
"Yes, sir," Mycroft said, dropping his eyes.
Lauranights comments kept me going through this chapter!
The duty sergeant had shut the cell door behind him, without a word and Sherlock had collapsed sideways on the uncomfortably solid bunk.
John stared at the defiant sub pointedly for just over a minute before he swallowed his pride and fell to his knees.
He wandered over, careful to keep his hands in the boy’s eyesight, “Pet… pet?” He knelt down, surprised at the mobility he had in his knee, but more interested in his sub. He grasped him either side of the face and pulled him in for a kiss.
“No, sir. Your text came through before I reached my club.”
Once he was in the back seat and they were on their own Greg climbed into his own seat and turned the car on.
The detective paused when it came to changing his trousers. He stared at them for a long moment then glanced at the floor.
The Dom got out of bed without disturbing his bed partners and crept to the playroom where he had left his sub. He had been correct. Despite everything, Sherlock had managed to fall asleep.
Mycroft's eyes had gone glassy and Greg smiled, he loved his boy so much more than he ever had before in that moment. He leant forward and kissed his pet, biting roughly at his bottom lip.
Mycroft settled back under his Dom's arm and closed his eyes, hoping the morning would bring with it the right type of change.
“Yes, sir.”
Mrs. Holmes looked like she wanted to object, but held her tongue.
"Gregory is an excellent driver," Mycroft countered. Besides, if his boyfriend wanted to drive, there was no way he could tell him no.
“Ben?”
He took Sherlock’s head in his hands, placing them either side of his face as he kissed him softly. When the sub offered his mouth, John rocked back, but didn’t let go.
Sherlock grunted, thrashing in his restraints. He was clearly feeling the need to anger the Doms even more.
Download from
"Playroom? Again, sir?"
Sherlock put his hands on his hips. "You will go downstairs with my father and Mrs. Hudson. Telling me no about the matter is not an option."
John didn't know how to react to any of this, but what the DI had just said reminded him of the Doms he hadn't managed to run rings around. The ones that were probably in similar cells to his sub.
John laughed as he continued trussing Mycroft with the orange rope. "Boy, it looks like you're in a no win scenario." He pulled a knot tight, causing the sub to grunt.
“It’s 7 o’clock, pet.” John gently rocked him. He found his internal body alarm useful in times like this. It meant he could fall asleep practically anywhere, including the playroom which he didn’t usually sleep in, and not have to worry about sleeping late. Sleeping in at times when he had a sub around could become disastrous. The sub needed routine and a clear divide between rules and consequences, therefore if the reason the sub slept in was because the Dom had, it would present complications.
Sherlock's length hardened almost immediately. He hated the damn cage but John knew he was more easily obedient while wearing it.
"Why not?" His eyes darted to Irene as he spoke. He'd never willingly submit to that woman or his sister either, though his actions might look like it at times. Inside, he would always be resisting.
"What? His reaction worse than telling him about the rest of the place?"
Mycroft inclined his head. "Fair enough."
“None of your god damn business!” Moriarty yelled, his temper peaked immediately. He always did struggle to control it so he sighed softly when he felt the familiar hand on his neck. The hand of his boyfriend, his Dom.
But what about cases? Sherlock immediately thought about it. How could he run around chasing criminals with a plug deep up his arse?
“I'm sure he will, sir,” Mycroft answered.
“I’m not desperate though. I can wait until you get off your high horse,” the lie came easily to the sub.
John tossed the Superintendent Sherlock's leash, then climbed to his feet. "I don't suppose there's a fucking machine hiding around here, because his arse needs a pounding."
"You know you can tell me anything, right?" John asked.
The superintendent grabbed the tiger balm off the table and placed a generous amount on his hand, then he settled himself so he could comfortably wrap his fingers around Mycroft's cock.
John used the position of his foot in the doorway to brace himself, then he reached a hand in and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck, pulling him out. It was nothing but a bunch of limbs that appeared to flail around. The doctor didn’t let him fall to the floor though, he just forced him to his knees as controlled as he could be and did the cuffs up behind his back. It wasn’t long before it was clear his feet needed to be cuffed too.
The doctor fell in beside Sherlock. "It'll be alright. We'll talk to him. He's going to need time. We have to remember that and expect things like this."
“He has done his best to tidy up the mess, John. I assure you.”
“He’s a stickler for detail, my brother, he’d have found a loophole in your rules. Check in those places first. If you still can’t find him then ring back and I’ll be over in under an hour.”
Sherlock was aware that if he wasn't cuffed it would be his 'boy' position not his 'pet' position. The knowledge of that fact made his heart swell with guilt. He lowered his head.
They climbed back in the car. John set Sherlock's coffee down in the cup holder. He rested his own on his knee. "As soon as it's had a chance to cool, you can have some."
John grinned, “Of course, beautiful,” and then added a very quiet, “I’ll never let you out of my sight again.”
"What was that?"
The doctor laughed, then realised Mycroft was being perfectly serious. "That's a little inhumane, don't you think?"
Mycroft sniffed, but didn’t offer a response. It was probably everything. Yesterday Mycroft ruled the British Government and was the most feared man in the country. Today his military officers had let him down, he had been punished for losing his temper when he had managed to remain on top of it for so long, and most of all he had let down his little brother, something he hardly ever did anymore. He had once told Greg that he had become ‘The British Government’ to protect Sherlock and that was as deep as it got with the older man.
"Prove it. Go kneel in the corner. I need to decide what to do to you next." As Mycroft crawled away, Greg gave Sherlock's erect cock a slap, then walked over to the table of toys. The Superintendent snatched up a pair of hand cuffs from the table and then an adjustable spreader bar, that had cuffs already attached.
Sherlock pushed himself to his knees from where he had been laying. The Dom may have given him a few hours to himself, but that didn’t mean he could ignore him when he entered. He had learnt that the hard way on day four. John seemed extremely pleased as his hands settled behind his back.
“Now your punishment was 20 strikes with the paddle. This is not the worse paddle I own, this is the easiest given it being your first transgression. The worst paddle I possess, worst for you at any rate, is the one with holes in. It doesn’t allow air resistance to slow it down. You will find that out for yourself when you transgress again. When, however is entirely up to you. Now, due to your recognition and your acceptance of your actions, I have decided to halve your punishment to 10 strikes. You will count each one and ask for another with the proper respect. Fail to do any of that and I will add the number to which we had got onto your tally and start again. Is all that understood?”
"He's doing as he is told! That doesn't mean he's not annoyed," Mycroft shouted,
Sherlock closed his eyes as Irene detached the cuffs from the wall. She left Mycroft where he was.
Sherlock stopped himself before he replied. The doctor was right. He wasn’t achieving anything in his attempt to provoke the Dom. John wasn’t getting angry or frustrated. He was quite happy sitting there drinking his coffee. There was a line between provoking him and making him angry, but Sherlock hadn’t worked out where it was yet and carrying on as he was wasn’t going to get him anything, except sore knees. He took a deep breath and ducked his head. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”
At that, the sub nodded immediately.
“You probably can. But I’m sure the front door that you will pass on the way will be too tempting for you to resist, and I think two punishments before 11 o’clock is plenty for now, don’t you?”
Download from
“Come to mine. We're not staying at Baker Street anymore.”
John took a seat on one of the comfy chairs at the side of the room, he patted his lap and Sherlock climbed up. He was quite content to sit there with his boy on his lap and keep on the two cuffed men in the corner.
Mycroft laughed slightly, clearly the younger sub knew he'd get a ride, as they'd left the crutches downstairs.
The two Doms shared grins.
"Good-o. Come between my legs."
“I'm ringing the pink lady's phone. It's ringing out.”
Finn raced off again, making Sherlock give chase.
“Down!” John barked. His brother had said that Sherlock had always been close to his violin, he acted as though it was sentient and his best friend.
“I have a few investors on the side waiting, if you’re willing, of course. It won’t be long hours, maybe only two or three a week, but enough to keep you ticking over.” John was happy to continue his conversation with the older man, more than happy in fact. He held a lot of respect for Mycroft, the position he had reached within the government with the hindrance of being a submissive as well as trying to tame his incessantly misbehaving little brother. The time would give his brat a chance to think. After nearly an hour and two drained mugs later, Mycroft shifted around to look back at his brother. “You have the patience of a saint, John,” he said to the Dom.
The detective's glare renewed at the patronising hair ruffle.
The majority of the blood was cleaned up, but he was watching the Dom with nothing but fear and he flinched when John attempted to check him further. He mumbled another, “Sorry, sir.”
Greg shrugged. "Am I ever serious?"
"What?" John was looking around at their landlady in surprise.
John  pressed Sherlock forward slowly so he fell to his chest. He helped lower him down and then began to wrap the rope around his feet.
John smiled. Finn was just as good for Sherlock as the detective was for Finn. He headed down the stairs, trusting the others to follow him.
Eurus stopped what she was doing and hugged Irene. It had to be the most awkward hug both brothers had ever seen. It was as if their sister wasn't sure she had got it right. She was more awkward about it than Sherlock had ever been.
“Bad day?”
Sherlock really didn't think the small explosion was his fault. Clearly his supplies had been mislabeled by Mycroft's people when they had packed them. He was trying to find the fire extinguisher when John, Greg and Mycroft came running into the room, the smoke alarm blaring behind them.
Greg dry washed his face. “Mycroft would have done this.”
The case continues
Sherlock nodded as he sat in the sand. "Yes, sir. I'm fine, sir."
John scooped Sherlock up in his arms. "You need a shower, pet. Desperately. We'll get one together."
Realising he’d messed up again, he ducked his head to his chest. “I’m sorry, sir. I just meant, I’m used to having everybody else push me around when it comes to relationships.” The boy froze, realising he’d already said too much.
The only response he got from the younger man was the ‘Sherlock’ glare.
“What?! No, sir.”
A squeal of delight sounded its way from downstairs and they soon heard Finn and Mrs. Hudson on their way up.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "No."
"I think they're finished in the shower. If they're not we could join them?"
At those words, Sherlock's struggles began anew and the older Holmes struggled to hold him.
"You do not fight me, boy," the Superintendent growled.
"You know, something odd happened last night."
“I’m not.”
Before he could finish his sentence, every door surrounding the room was kicked in. It sounded like some simultaneous thunder in about 15 different places. Dozens of armed officers raced in and surrounded them on all sides within seconds, elite officers, well trained... Mycroft.
"Dad!" Beth complained.
“I did, didn't I? What was that for?” He was being obvious, but he didn't care, he'd get his answers he was sure.
Sherlock glanced at his Dom with a confused look marring his features. It wasn't often John got to see that expression on the younger man.
"Yes, sir. I understand," Sherlock said in a thick voice.
Sherlock chuckled slightly at his Dom’s expression as well as what he had said. It sounded more like a hiccough, though, as tears caught in his throat.
“I'd also like to add some other things to ensure your cooperation.”
“I believe I understand English. You may have to be slower in the future, though. I get distracted when I’m bored. I can see that becoming a real problem if the last hour is anything to go by.”
"Ha! If Lestrade got called in on a case this instant, you'd be right behind him."
They lay together for a few hours, Sherlock even going as far as to fall asleep. The sort of thing he never did in the middle of the day.
He opened the front door, which again it didn’t take much to crack the code, despite John’s determination to make it random and impossible to crack. He laid down on his stomach and tried to work out where about the magnet was in the floor. He couldn’t use his hands as one wrong move would lead to them being held there in whatever uncomfortable position they were in and that would be a very embarrassing position to be found in by his Dom.
Greg bit his lip, he could quite easily tell the Dom to give him control back, then go and fuck Mycroft in thin air, but he didn't.
Mycroft just let his eyebrow raise. "You haven't just shown your brother mercy, why would you show it to some random woman?"
It was so endearing that John stopped what he was doing, wrapped his arms around him and simply held him.
"Seriously?"
“How do you know Molly, sir?”
“What’s different about this one? You wouldn’t have driven all this way, knowing that there could be a chance I couldn’t help, if there wasn’t something different.”
More than aware that the kettle took a long time to boil and aware of the fact John had just said to put the kettle on. He also didn’t know what drinks either of them would want so he wandered back to find his Dom, not both Doms,
"Yes, sir."
“Call the staff, they’ll get you a cup of tea while you wait,” with that, the Dom smiled reassuringly then took off up the hall, things were so much easier without his damn stick slowing him down and making him feel like an invalid, he’d known - deep down - for a long while, that he hadn’t been beyond his occasional temper flare. But even that was becoming so much easier to control, his position in society forced him to.
John shoved the gag back in his mouth, managing to buckle it up with one hand and making Sherlock choke on his words. John knew exactly what he was trying to do.
When he turned back to his sub he found Sherlock still partly dressed. “It does not take that long to take your clothes off boy.” He could see he was nervous, he was quite right to be, that soap had to be dissolving by now, and tasting disgusting.
"How should I do that? Hmm..." she glanced over the detective and towards Mycroft, who was trying his hardest to remain in control of himself.
Sherlock looked away folding his hands in his lap.
As soon as Sherlock had been checked out by the paramedics on scene (no long lasting affects from any of the drugs in his system), Mycroft herded him from the warehouse and into the waiting car after a rather long ear-bashing from Greg.
“Obviously, but what next? You would no doubt break it in your attempt to remove it. How did you intend to get past me without it and without me noticing the lack of cage around your cock?”
"Hmm," John mumbled non commitedly.
“I know,” he grabbed Sherlock's hand as it whacked the chair in front of him, trying to calm him. “We need to go so Gregory can formally drop the charges against you.”
"Right now, I'd really like to fly away, but I know that idea is out," Sherlock said, craning his neck to look around. "Damn." He thumped his thigh with his fist. "I don't like this."
John stood for a moment more before realising that the cab, in London traffic, wouldn't have got far. He snatched up his laptop and began to type.
Taking a deep breath and once more swallowing his pride, the brunette turned and knelt at John’s feet.
Finn struggled to get down so he could watch what John was doing. “Step back, little man, this thing fizzes since Sherlock tried to dry my trainers in it.”
“Well, it would have probably been in the boot or maybe the back seat. The driver could only take it by mistake.”
The kneeling man was so lost in thought, he didn’t hear the doctor coming up behind him and he actually jumped outlay when he spoke.
"Well we could tie you up there by your feet,” the Dominatrix said.
“Lean forward.”
“Get these cuffs off my brother!” Mycroft yelled out, still holding Sherlock. His gaze fell on the camera. “I'm assuming that's the reasoning behind the email I received?” The email he had received and hadn't wasted time opening. Even if he had known Moriarty had his little brother... would he have opened that email? It was unlikely anything in it would have given away their location. Moriarty was too clever for that.
Sherlock allowed a small smile to grace his lips.
He headed out the door and towards the older brother. When he reached that room, it was clear immediately that Mycroft was asleep.
Sherlock reached out and knocked on Greg's office door as he knew John would prefer that to him just barging in.
“Kneel, Sherlock.”
The detective merely nodded, his red rimmed eyes like a punch in John's gut.
"I can fix that with a collar and a leash. Do I need to do that before we go for our little walk?"
Sherlock stared at that sand beneath his feet, sobbing and John didn’t know what to do.
“Sherlock, what is it?” the Dom was growing concerned.
"Sherlock don't be so fucking stupid."
Their meal had long since been finished and taken away. They were just quietly talking amongst themselves.
"I am, as you quite often put it 'the British Government'. I know things you will never know. That no one will ever know."
Mycroft huffed.
Irene dragged Mycroft across the room and held her hand out. A guard put a set of handcuffs in her hand and she quickly had Mycroft in the same position as his little brother.
“22! Sir, I could have sworn it wasn’t that high!”
John nodded once and pulled a chopping board out from a cupboard. “You chop up the vegetables,” he placed a few Tupperware pots with different sized compartments beside him. “I’ll make the sandwiches.”
Well, it wasn’t to make the doctor feel guilty, Sherlock realised that was the last thing he wanted.
Sherlock pulled his head away and backed up to stand. John sighed, but was more than prepared, in fact he was surprised it had taken the detective as long as it had before he rebelled again.
He made a face when she pulled away. He couldn't think of the last time he had been so repulsed. That Irene had ever fascinated him was beyond his comprehension.
"Maybe a holiday was a bad idea," Mycroft suggested, still looking around.
Sherlock, surprisingly, stilled. He sighed heavily, obviously resigned, for the moment at least.
Feeling like a yoyo, he glared even as he dropped to his knees again.
"No, it's not, sir. I was myself and you started to pack."
Greg sighed, stopping his petting of Mycroft's hair. "Would you like my boy to get the riding crop for you, John? He'll be more than happy to."
It didn’t matter that he was behaving, he was still being punished and that meant the most depressing task he could think of without a painful backside at the same time; copying out the dictionary. There was no point to it; no purpose. Just boring and perhaps a lesson in patience, but nothing painful.
John found Sherlock knelt where he had been told. His hands were behind his head rather than behind his back, which was more than slightly surprising, but he didn’t know whether the boy had done it on purpose or had done it by accident and had merely forgotten.
“I’ve never been like this before.”
He moved stealthily through the different rooms and their connecting corridors until he found storage room 8. He needed to get closer to the blue box so he could get inside. The trouble was, the room was massive. He had no idea where they were going to put it, he'd have to wait and watch.
Sherlock's cheek was pressed to the bench and he was quiet as the Dom approached.
“We have to go to the Yard. We need to talk to some people.”
He was annoyed that he had drifted off with his pet, even if he hadn’t had a choice. He was also still in his suit, well what was left of it. His jacket and tie were over the bench where they had been discarded during some point of the previous evening.
Tears forgotten, Finn laughed again. And splashed. And splashed. And splashed. Until Sherlock was soaked.
Sherlock didn't know how to respond to that.
"We met Irene Adler in town. Had a brief discussion about... Stuff. The whole time he managed to kneel on that leg and not say a word out of place."
“What?!” John's voice rang so loud several officers from along the cordon looked over. His glare made them all turn away immediately, including the ones who were clearly Dominants.
The doctor stared at them for a moment, wondering if Sherlock deserved them, but when the kneeling man began struggling John decided he did.
"I'll check on yours," Greg said, spinning on his heel and skipping out the door.
"No buts. I can always pick up where we left off. But my point has been made and you have learnt your lesson. Haven't you, boy?"
“He’s on his way, sir,” Sherlock offered quietly. He spoke to John, but he was watching his brother. He just didn’t know what to say.
"Cold! Cold, cold, cold!" the detective shouted.
"Guards!" Eurus yelled, not relenting on her grip on Sherlock as she yelled. They rushed in. "Chain my big brother's feet to the floor."
"It was very cold last night."
"Count," John ordered and it made Sherlock realise he was now stood above him. He didn't respond, preparing to count.
Download from
Sherlock spun around so quick he nearly toppled over, then he got to his feet immediately. "Please, sir, no."
“We are going home.”
John elbowed him in the ribs. “Because of you, you enormous git!”
John nodded once and stepped out of the bedroom, "Greg, mate, a word?"
“Argh! Sir!”
"Hello, Finn," Siger said, patting him on the head. He looked around. "So, I'm the last one here." Finn refused to let go until he picked him up.
He found him sitting on the sofa, apparently lost in thought. Not wanting to disturb him, he knelt in the same spot he had vacated only minutes before.
“If I’m going to fail at escaping don’t get caught in a compromising position.”
Sensing there was something else, he asked, “That’s not all, is it?”
"What?" He asked.
"Please, Sherlock," Mycroft nearly begged. "For me."
He grabbed a towel from the airing cupboard and gathered up a new suit before going through to the bathroom. He thought it was rather depressing that his cock wasn't even hard.
“Ben?” the DI’s eyebrows rose as he noticed the two men for the first time. “What the-?”
"Crawl through to the sitting room."
"But I want to."
John stopped running his fingers through the sub's hair, gripping it tight instead. "You forgot something, boy."
Both Holmeses knew they weren't really being given a choice between an orgasm and a walk on the beach. They were being given the choice between an orgasm and an evening of suspending the BDSM games, an evening of cuddles, an evening of being treasured.
"Sir-"
“Good.” He didn’t let go though. He opened his study door.
“What's that got to do with me?”
“A few weeks ago, back when Wilkes got in back at home, Greg was genuinely concerned. Not just for Mycroft, but for you as well.”
Sherlock smirked, but John could see his thoughts as plain as the current novel he was reading. “Oh and you can have your phone back for the run. You will keep FaceTime on as you are running, it can face the path. You’ll record the whole journey. If you so much as think of keeping going or not going the whole way or jumping into a cab or any other such crap, look at what you are wearing and know that if you have any ‘technical difficulties’ on a brand new phone, the plans tonight are easily cancelled. Your arse is due a spanking as it is.”
“Two, sir,” he felt the beginnings of tears prickle the corner of his eyes.
John tapped Sherlock on the shoulder, having brought him a cup of coffee. "I know you don't feel like eating, but you can at least drink this."
Both women were surprised he hadn't tried to kneel up, he had stayed bent double.
“Wow, someone’s been trying to tame you,” Benjamin filled in the gaps with a hearty laugh. “A quick fuck is all you are worth, even you know that, isn’t that right, freak?”
Irene noted the slightly mad look on the other woman's face and chose not to say anything else.
"Are you serious?"
"I'm worse. I'm always worse."
The detective started squirming, his inner muscles twitching and clenching as the lube started to burn.
"It's meant as a comforting gesture, Eurus."
“Sir?”
"John..."
"Oh it's you two," Greg said with a small chuckle. "I thought it was Sally." Almost subtly, he reached out a hand, snagged Mycroft by the scruff of the neck and dropped him to his knees on the cushion he kicked out from under the desk.
“Sherlock seems to prefer the sand and sea.”
“Your contract is for at least 3 months. You will not be going back to Mycroft a day before then, maybe not even then.”
This time, Mycroft didn't hesitate. "The riding crop, sir. As many strokes as you think I deserve."
“17.”
Sherlock looked extremely put out. He would have been pouting if he hadn't been gagged. The moment John increased the speed on the machine, the detective's eyes went wide and he started quivering.
“Come on, Sherlock, talk to me. Please.”
“You are working miracles with that young man, John,” she said as she headed back into her flat. “If you are lucky, I might bring up a cake a bit later, that is assuming you are planning on staying here?”
Sherlock reached down and rubbed at his ankles when Irene removed the cuffs there.
Sherlock was left with the mystery man, but who was he?
“Good boy.”
“So you can obey. Then why do you make it so difficult for yourself?”
He opted to take a cab, sure a cab pulling up outside 221 would be less suspicious than him running.
The detective glanced over his shoulder, still smirking, he winked at his Dom. “Well, so is Sergeant Donovan.”
“No, it’s not-”
He continued on relentlessly, he couldn’t stop for too long between hits. Sherlock would wonder what was going on and may be led to think John was going soft, he couldn’t allow that sort of weakness to show. It would make it worse for the boy. It was easier to get it all out of the way and then they could curl up for a while.
When they finally had him bound, a rope harness tied in place, the Superintendent lowered a hook from the ceiling, catching it in the loops of rope meant for just such a purpose. "Kneel," he ordered his own sub over his shoulder.
She nodded once. “I was merely thinking how imaginative you have been with him… He hasn’t been successful in relationships before, as well you know.”
Sherlock didn't know how to answer that question and John sighed.
“Did you not remember where I said you should put your hands if I called you pet?”
Mycroft had managed to focus enough to see what was happening to Sherlock. He didn't know if he would want to swap places with his little brother or not.
The Superintendent had a concerned look on his face. He knew neither John nor Sherlock would be worth anything without one another.
Irene had come up behind the government official without him noticing. She had to keep Eurus happy with her. "What do you think you are doing?" She hissed in his ear.
Eurus grinned.
“Your cuffs are set to the lock at that door,” he pointed to the only way in. “It will go off if you attempt to leave.”
"'Of course, mistress.' You always say such things. I don't believe you." She gave his head a shake. "I never have believed you."
Sherlock looked for a moment like he was going to argue.
“What-”
"Up and down, John, you know the drill."
He stayed still as the blond buckled him down in as many places as possible, including his collar. He pressed his cheek to the padded cushion and focused on his cock and how it was going to get some attention at last.
"Oh, Finn, I'm not angry," John said, crouching down beside him. "I was just curious. I didn't know we had them is all."
The DI was slightly wrong-footed. Anger was one thing, anger was something the Dom knew how to deal with, but crying? Mycroft never cried. In fact, he had only ever cried once since he had contracted with Greg.
When Sherlock was sure the older man had gone, he took hold of the chain by the hook and tugged as hard as he could. All it did was rattle and clatter. He growled and managed to move around so he was no longer kneeling, but so his legs were either side of the hole in the floor. He looked about for his rucksack as he was sure his penknife was in there, but he couldn’t reach it as it was over by the bed and John had tied him to the middle of the room. Growling again, he went back to the tactic of tugging.
“You found him quick, boss.”
Irene pulled him to his knees by the curls. "Quit struggling, dog!"
Eurus glanced over and laughed.
Greg grabbed Mycroft by the scruff of the neck and pulled him to the side, intent on finding out what the hell is sub had been up to.
The sub smiled sheepishly and Greg saw regret flicker across his face, just for a second.
"Kneel up straight, in your position. You're not to move or I shall shorten that chain."
"Now."
Sherlock followed John to the door and when he disappeared inside what Sherlock assumed was the study, he grabbed his still packed rucksack, ignoring the other cases, and snuck out the room, it was easier than he expected. Being barefooted meant that he could sneak around a lot easier.
Sherlock didn’t respond bar a slight shake of the head.
By this point, the doctor had reached the cell door and the sergeant that had been waiting, opened it. He was glad he had, he didn't want the conversation to continue if his sub was in this mood.
“Put some enthusiasm into this, Sherlock, or I’ll truss you up in front of a fucking machine and not let you come for hours.”
The doctor could notice how nervous his sub was and knew that he wouldn’t be able to concentrate until John eased his fear of punishment, at least allow him to concentrate on the case before he was punished. “Sherlock, I will punish you while we are alone, for now you have added 20 to your tally this evening. I’ll be using the paddle.” He turned his attention back to the other Dom. “Do you fancy eating out with us tonight? I doubt there’s anything in the cupboards here, and if there is, it is most probably depressingly mouldy.”
“Well, it wasn’t that high last night, no.”
"And thus I knew it was safe. Seriously, you and my brother are taking this shit way too seriously. We met him, remember? He wouldn't even talk to me when he knew who I was."
Sherlock sighed at being called boy, he’d been a pet all morning. He worked hard for John to keep calling him pet and now it had stopped just like that.
Greg laughed at that. "They won't be in a minute."
When they got back to Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson rushed in ahead of the rest of them, intent on fixing tea in celebration.
John couldn’t help but smirk “Oh, brat, I already knew that.”
The brat actually huffed. As if he was annoyed. As if he was the one that thought John was hurt or worse. The doctor growled. That was the worst possible thing Sherlock could have done at that moment. He knew it and did it anyway.
"You're right."
Thank you for all the comments over the last couple of weeks, they have meant a lot, I thought about replying to them all separately but there's well over 100 so once again, here we are!
It wasn't until they were heading out the door and struggling into their coats that John grabbed Sherlock's sleeve, he turned him and kissed him on the nose. "I love you, you big idiot."
“John-“
It was late and he was exhausted, as no doubt the sub was. So he would have to deal with all of it in the morning. After he had double checked it wasn’t anger or exhaustion thinking.
"Anything you like," Mycroft said cheekily, "so long as you don't disturb John, sir."
“With Sherlock’s help. Go on through, I’m just waiting on this.”
John got to his feet and walked around the table. He pulled Sherlock up to his own and brought his hands around behind him, joining the cuffs there.
The detective felt a welling of all the warm emotions that he had so long tried to suppress. He kissed the top of John's head. "Good. That's settled then."
"I'm sorry, sir," Mycroft told his Dom. The truth was, he wasn't opposed to going back to strict and rough either. Not now that he'd thought about it. He grinned, looked Greg in the eyes and said, "Did we ask for a break, sir?"
"Shut it. There are 4 people in this house. 2 of which you should show the upmost respect at all times."
"Don't, Sherlock!" Mycroft snapped.
"It's amazing how the pair of them react in completely different ways," Greg observed.
"What else am I supposed to do?" the detective asked, pulling away.
Every other piece of information seemed to skip passed the younger man, “In your study? With you?”
“One, sir. May I have another, sir?”
"Did you know the reason children act out for attention is primarily because they don't get enough positive attention?"
Mycroft sighed heavily, he wanted to talk to his brother but there was no point. Sherlock couldn't speak and the posture collar prevented any sort of reply physically.
“How about a cup of tea?”
"The burglar, how did he do it?" John asked placing a chunk of pork in his mouth. "Because he's not said anything at all."
John waited for Sherlock to leave the room before he turned his attention to the older Holmes. He closed his eyes briefly, knowing there was no alternative. He knew Mycroft took the form of anger when he was in Panic, so it was something he wanted to avoid. “On your knees,” the Dom ordered, his tone stern.
Douglas paced towards the pair of them, he scowled down at the kneeling man. “Fucking hell! Sherlock Holmes. It’s been a while.”
Sherlock thrashed against the cross, making Irene laugh.
It was over an hour later when he heard the front door opening and the sound of energy disappearing.
At the change in plea, both Holmes brothers scrambled from the room and waited for the court to be dismissed. Sherlock was rather surprised. He had expected the trial to last days. He had been further surprised when she had received the maximum sentence. All he wanted to do now was go home with his family and put the whole ordeal behind him.
"I promise. I could never be scared of you, sir. I trust you more than anyone."
The detective nodded. “Good.” He cleared his throat. “Good, sir.” He glanced up at his Dom, it was clear that John had released some information about Sherlock's situation to the other man. Enough for him to know the boy was in trouble still. Quite right too.
Mycroft's move had put him just the other side of the ladder, meaning he'd missed the ladder to row 6.
Sherlock hated it already.
John saw where his gaze was and smiled. “Sorry Sherlock's not very chatty, but I would expect it is rather hard to speak with a bar of soap in one's mouth.”
“Ok...” Sherlock mumbled watching it closely. Was he meant to be scared? He knew he probably should be, but he found himself not really caring. Too much had happened these last few days at the hand of one man.
Greg glanced across at his boy, who was staring at the floor and then to Sherlock who was now doing the same.
“Fuck off!” He spat.
"Yes, sir." The switch dropped his head in a show of submission. Be good, Mycroft, he told himself. Be golden. Make Gregory proud.
John was the most surprised he had been so far when Sherlock didn’t stand up but instead crawled forward slowly, cautiously, as if John was going to lash out with his cane and hit him. The thought made the Dom shiver.
"I'm not a-"
"There wasn't one in your kitchen yesterday, was there?" She pointed out. "You wouldn't have been intrigued by this one if there was."
"Can I, John?" Finn asked eagerly.
John watched his sub in confusion. He was now in a ball, but was peering- watching him from through his curls. Panic. Again. John could see this becoming a regular occurrence at least until he understood more about what those arseholes had done to him.
Wide green-grey eyes appeared, they were red rimmed and he looked terrified. “I’m sorry, sir, I’m sorry,” it was like a mantra, he just kept repeating it over and over and over. Like when Wilkes has been here.
Greg slapped him. "Shut. It. Or I'll slap you again."
“Fine. Give me the names.”
"Why wouldn't you like beaches?" John laughed.
The sub clung to John, not wanting to lose contact with him, but the doctor extricated himself. "Just let me run the water, pet. I won't be a moment."
“Get to it!”
The government official moved his hand around in front of him and grinned. In it was John's stick. The stick he had taken to the restaurant. The stick he had left in the restaurant for a casual race across the rooftops of London.
"Gregory-"
“Yes, miss,” he replied, careful to keep his gaze averted away from her and his position stable.
John took several deep breaths, absolutely positive the woman had divulged information she wasn't meant to.
He looked around for the stool that he had been over that first day and paused, was this worth the consequences if he got caught? It wasn’t like he actually wanted to run, he just…
“Ah, Sherlock dear, he was too tired to return home last night.”
Four hurried into the room. One went straight to Mycroft and wedged his gun at the back of his neck.
. 115.84MB
Sherlock let his head drop back against the arm of the chair and John pushed his hand into his curls, tugging and pulling.
Sherlock tried to move his head away, but it was something that wasn't worth fighting with the amount of his energy that had depleted over night.
"What about the dull cases?"
About ten minutes later, the Dom returned to find Sherlock pacing in his room, the rest of his stuff unpacked and his suitcases empty in the corner. If he was still under, he would have most definitely have been knelt. In a way he was glad he wasn’t. While pacing, John knew what to expect; Sherlock.
“Thanks!”
“No, sir! No!” Sherlock had no idea what John would be hitting him with and he was sure he would make it go up on his own when he couldn’t help himself. This time he hoped he could.
Irene nodded and moved on around him striking his back and arse several times. She looked over at the youngest Holmes as if for approval.
A glance over at Mycroft's concerned expression and John snatched his hand away from Sherlock's back. He suddenly realised he was moving too fast in offering comfort.
Sherlock huffed then jerked his head towards the bathroom. "Gotta pee."
"I see you've felt better, brother mine."
"If she wasn't, Miss Adler surely would be."
"Yes, sir." Mycroft got back to work. He definitely didn't fancy the treatment his brother was receiving.
Finn got a 4 and moved his counter forward 4 squares. The grownups were still talking so he tugged at Sherlock’s trousers. "It's your go, Daddy."
"You really think that's going to work?" Sherlock said with a fake laugh.
Sherlock drank it, though it wasn't up to his standards. He was surprised Mycroft had drank it without complaint. "Yuck," he said at the first opportunity. "It's bitter."
“What for?”
And Sherlock did. He gripped his right wrist with his left hand as tight as he could and braced himself for the paddle.
“I’ll send Elsie through with a cup of tea for you. Unless you want coffee?”
The detective was biting his lip, it was actually helping him to stop fidgeting.
"Quite. So treat me with some damn respect."
“Oi, pet! Wake up!”
Irene smiled and moved her chair around the table, settling so Mycroft was between her and the youngest Holmes.
“I’m not hungry.”
Sherlock nodded again. “Y-Yes, sir.”
He walked in normally, like the door was always open and went straight to his chest of drawers where he proceeded to empty his bag of clothes, he had asked his boy if he wanted anything, but the brat had had his head over his microscope and had done nothing but absently grunt in his direction. John had just rolled his eyes and made his way out, setting the alarm as he went.
"Well I doubt either is going anywhere."
Irene backed away from Eurus, not wanting to draw her attention.
"No. I'd better go get him. He needs to know I wasn't angry with him and I wasn't going to hurt him." John hated how fragile Finn could be at times. Certain aspects had come on in leaps and bounds, it would be a long time before the everyday things were easy.
John was in the corner, packing his bag, leaving Sherlock’s stuff where it was.
Sherlock eyed him cautiously. They had laid in the bed of the playroom for just over an hour. John had run his hand through his hair continuously and Sherlock tried with all his might not to get used to it. If he got used to it, he knew he would begin wanting to obey the man. He’d lain and argued with himself for that entire time. Obey and make it easier, not just for the Dom but for himself also, or disobey and not show weakness. He still hadn’t decided.
For sherlockian4evr who's very special birthday is today!
"Oh? You want to suck me? Enjoy something that you didn't deserve? Oh and did you want to bite me then? I know that look on your face."
Sherlock got to his feet, dislodging the hand that John had on his knee. “It’s a case? You’ve brought me a case?”
“No, pet. There’s no need for that. It’s time for a cuddle, not that.”
“Douglas!”
The detective obeyed, but swooned slightly and ended up grabbing onto the arm of the chair. “Sherlock? What is it?” The doctor’s immediate concern just made Sherlock feel worse. He dropped back to his knees and turned, head as low as possible, in the direction of his Dom.
“Are you back in the land of the living, Sherlock?”
Sherlock turned his gaze on his husband. "Not like I used to. You and Finn have changed that."
“No, sir. Please,” his voice was almost a beg, he hated that blasted chair, if he never saw it again it would be too bloody soon.
"Nope," he popped the p and ruffled Mycroft's hair. "How's the mud? It's a good job I didn't let you kneel there in your pristine suit, isn't it?"
"Mm, well, he's not really an arse. He just doesn't always think."
He squeezed him tight briefly before sliding off the end of the bed and hopping to his feet.
When he was done Sherlock’s head bowed once more. “Would you like a drink now, pet?” John offered. He shook his head slightly, but the Dom knew he was lying. “It’s okay if you do, Sherlock.”
Anticipating what his Dom was about to say, Sherlock grabbed his hand, not caring who saw and shook his head firmly. “No, sir. Sally isn’t going to stop you.”
“Like hell I will! You-”
Mycroft sighed. “Why does she hate him so much? She’s our mother!”
John could hear how angry Mycroft was but was surprised to find it wasn’t entirely at Wilkes, more himself for not spotting it sooner, for not keeping a closer eye on his baby brother. The elder Holmes’ voice interrupted his thoughts. “Where haven’t you looked?”
Mycroft had dropped to his knees by the door.
“Punished how?”
“No. There.” He pointed about three yards in front of him, beside where Greg stood, the greying haired man took a step to the side to watch. He was more than willing to let his sub have some fun. Both he and this Benjamin character deserved it. He knew him, but only for the time of a month and he clearly didn’t know as much about him as he thought he had.
"Because now you hurt."
"Each time you refuse to say it, I'll up the strikes he gets by one," Irene say with a wicked smile.
Sherlock froze completely. "I'm sorry, sir. Honest."
“Sir… you… you o-overstimulated my c-cock, sir,” he had to fight himself from closing his eyes, the usual blush flushing across his chest and up his neck as he spoke in such a way. It wasn't something he was accustomed too, although not entirely adverse.
“I can sort myself out later. I’ll be fine, pet. Just sleep.”
“Come on, let’s get you dressed.”
John stood up and reached for his cane. “Usually I’d make you wash up, but you can stay there for now.”
“Where I live.”
When he was done, (satisfied it was just a poorly behaving sub rather than a high one) he gripped his sub by the hair and dragged him to the centre of the room, he kicked back the rug and forced the brat to his knees on the hardwood. “Present,” he whispered lowly. “Boy.”
Outside the room Sherlock was knelt in, Mycroft was acting shifty.
John's eyes darted up to meet the younger man's his face clearly said 'does it matter', "yes, master," he whispered, squeezing his eyes shut.
“It doesn’t matter, sir.”
"I know. I know and I'm sorry."
The lights were focused on Mycroft and Sherlock, leaving the rest of the cell in impenetrable darkness. The government official deduced that they were being watched. Irene and Eurus were likely hidden deep in the shadows.
"I said no more using that leg, pet. I know what the rule is, I'm removing it until further notice. Get yourself dressed."
"Why don't you ask Sherlock that? Am I boring at work, Sherlock? By all means answer honestly."
Mycroft looked at the cock in front of him for a moment before wrapping his lips around it. He bobbed his head, sucking, not paying attention to the sounds coming from his brother's mouth.
“Sergeant, please keep to the correct line of questioning.”
When they went through the door, the first room they entered was covered with photos of Sherlock. They were everywhere. And in none of them, could John be seen.
"Hmm," Greg went back to nibbling away.
"And that is where you need to grow up, little brother."
“Come on, pet, talk to me.”
Sherlock sat on the bunk and watched as the cell door slammed in his face. This wasn't good. This was really bad. He wanted John. He wanted to go back to his Dom's house. He'd sit on that god damn chair if it meant getting out of here.
“Yes, sir,” he murmured, his breath warm on his chest, even through his waistcoat and shirt he could feel it.
John gathered him in his arms, surprised when his boy didn’t move to hug back. He didn’t resist and was pliant, but he held his arms stiffly down his sides and his head didn’t burrow down into the Dom’s neck.
Before Sherlock could respond, a familiar couple stepped in front of them. Despite the short stature of the Domme in front of them, her presence loomed.
John glanced at Finn who was digging into his waffles then at Sherlock. "Not if we were married."
Sherlock sighed, “But it’s funny.”
“The stuff. With Moriarty-“
The older woman frowned and Sherlock hastened to explain, feeling the need to show off.
“How's business?” John asked.
Sherlock's struggling was renewed.
Sherlock had stopped trying to track the Dom's movements, he was confused by the current situation enough. He was so distracted not paying attention to John, that he didn't realise the older man was behind him. Then he couldn't see. John had slipped a soft padded blindfold over his head, blocking out all light.
