“Thanks for – you know,” Dean says awkwardly, swallowing. “You definitely kept me from having a total melt-down, just then. In the elevator.”
Cas takes a careful step forward, his hands raised up to hip height. “I… I should have told you. I know I should have, but–”
“You’re very tired,” Cas observes lightly. His chest vibrates when he speaks.
“Hey. It’s okay. Nobody’s gonna hurt you,” Sam said, low and soft. Dean held his hands up to make it clear he wasn’t going to grab for a weapon, but his eyes landed on the
Cas’s blush deepens until he could probably fry an egg on his face. “I don’t know. I don’t want to, uh. Not be able to… see you?” He grimaces. “My brain feels like static.” As he speaks, he shifts his hips under the blanket in a tell-tale way – Dean’s willing to bet his brain isn’t the
Pamela opens her mouth to answer – probably to give him a pep talk about how
Castiel can count on one hand how many times
don’t blame you for it . You know that, right?”
He shifts until his left leg is poking out of the towel, and taps his knee, wincing as he does so. Castiel can see it, now – a blooming bruise, one that looks like it’s going to be nasty in the morning. “I fell on the stairs,” he explains, looking up at him. “Knocked it pretty good, and I just – I forgot about it, and it went out from under me when I stepped back. That’s all.”
“How can you say that, knowing that he’s scared out of his mind right now? Why would he feel that way if he wasn’t convinced that I’m going to…”
Bal sighs dramatically. He can hear the shuffle of covers being thrown back and grimaces guiltily – he’s sure that Bal was asleep in his office on the couch after a long night of paperwork and putting out fires, pulling extra hours to make up for the unusually high number of new residents they’ve taken in. These days, it seems like his head of rehab spends more time at the campus than he does at home. “Tell me what happened.”
Cas is still watching television, just as he’d been when Dean had gone up to bed. When he gets downstairs, the alpha is sitting right in the middle of the couch, idly scrolling on his phone. “Oh. Hello, Dean. Were you having trouble sleeping, or…”
they’d been doing... “Or – maybe not. We could just. Uh. A movie? I’m sure this shithole probably has HBO or something –”
Dean looks at his hand, then at him. And then it clicks – Cas is actually waiting for
“Says the omega sleeping with the boss.”
“Then what are you doing here?” his dad spits, gesturing with the gun. “Like I said, I’ll have it by next week.”
When he opens his eyes again in the shower and looks down at his hands, they’re shaking.
about to go running for the hills. When the dots connect in his brain, his face crumples slightly, and he wraps his arms around Dean in a bear hug that would feel suffocating coming from anyone else on the planet.
He pauses, dropping his chin a little lower so that Dean can feel it move when he asks. “Shall I go on?”
Tossing down the cushion from the armchair in the corner, Pamela sits down primly on the floor across from them and starts fishing through her bag. She pulls out a pen light and peers into his gaze, likely checking for the ring of gold that confirms he’s in heat, and he successfully doesn’t flinch away.
Only for Dean to follow behind him not ten seconds later, stumbling into the brightly lit room with a bleary and confused expression on his face as though he couldn’t understand why Castiel had gone. He’d tried to go down to his knees
Dean listens as Cas’s steps fade, awareness slowly creeping back into him.
Brushes off her attempts to push younger or prettier omegas onto him, his stomach twisting as he grits his teeth and does his best to smile. He’s leaving the rest of these people their fate, and it sickens him. He’d buy every slave in the damn building if he had anywhere to legally put them.
something, wants to soothe away whatever is paining his omega. But he
“Dean,” he says, carefully quiet. The omega tenses anyway, his injured hand clenched into a fist around the paper towel and pressed to his stomach. “I don’t…”
a collar, not really. It is nothing more than security and protection, nothing more than Cas following the letter of the law as loosely as he can while still keeping them out of trouble. It is, for all intents and purposes, something
“It’s going to get worse before it gets better, unfortunately,” Pam says. “You need to stay hydrated and fed. Light things will probably be best right now, because I’m sure you’re nauseous, but you need protein whenever possible. I’ve brought some drinks and nutrient bars to help with that, but of course you can supplement them with real food.” She settles back into the cushion. “As long as you stay on top of that, you shouldn’t be too exhausted at the end of it all. Just the normal fatigue.”
The words feel strange in his mouth. He doesn’t really think that he has anything to forgive Dean
The omega snorts, shaking his head. “That’s a Christmas movie, Cas.” At his blank stare, he tacks on, “It’s
“Too late for that,” Balthazar mutters. “He looked like he’d seen a ghost when I told him.”
Dean feels hope spring to life in him at the words, but he quashes it as soon as he recognizes it. “Be… because you said…”
Paralyzed,
“Did you toss him over the bed and have your merry way with him? Strip him naked and knot him?”
He opens his mouth to try and pull his way out of the grave he’s dug himself, but Cas is already talking.
“And if he had been?” Sam narrows his eyes. “When he
“Yeah, but it
“But…”
Sam huffs. “Well, that’s because I don’t yell at you.”
“There are extra bedrooms upstairs,” Castiel offers, shrugging. “I don’t see why he couldn’t just–”
about
“... Yeah,” Sam agrees. “Yeah, I guess.” He can tell that the man is still teetering on the edge of disbelief, not sure if he can trust a word out of Castiel’s mouth. Truthfully, Castiel doesn’t blame him, but it means that this is going to be
Sam huffs. “And here I thought graduating early would be a benefit.”
Guilt makes his stomach sink to the floor. His insistence on making Cas lay with him earlier suddenly feels like cruelty. He hadn’t taken into account that the alpha hasn’t been around an omega in heat before. That he might be scared, just like Dean is, of how he’ll react. “Oh.” He feels something twist inside of him at the very thought, but he still voices it – he’d be a coward not to. “Would it be better if… if he left while I deal with this?”
He’d nearly said as much, and then had just as quickly thought better of it.
For the first time in over a
The inside of Balthazar’s office is spacious and warm, with a large window and a comfortable couch that looks like it folds out. There’s a soft, cable knit blanket draped over the back, and a scattering of pillows down the length of it. There are framed paintings on the walls, little eccentric odds and ends here and there, plenty of books and a few filing cabinets. A framed photograph points away from Sam on his broad, wooden desk, next to a sleek looking monitor and a corded office phone.
isn’t gonna do anything except piss Cas off, and the dude is stressed enough as it is. “Even ones like me?”
“Breakfast.”
Dean seems to think he’s a good guy. Maybe he really is. But Sam finds that he doesn’t particularly care – not when he remembers just how much power Novak has over him.
“Dean.”
he’s already sitting straight up, his pupils dilated and his hands in fists at his sides.
Sam shakes his head. Gives him a lopsided, sad smile. “Bobby did things right. He pretty much forced me to go back to school. Pushed me to graduate early. Then he helped me get through law school, too.”
Castiel to sit with him till he’s asleep. But he asks anyway, because he wants Cas there and has wanted him there for days, has been pining for the scent of security to wrap around him like a quilt while he tries to avoid nightmares. For once, his need for comfort is outweighing his shame at having to ask for it.
Castiel closes his eyes. He pushed too far. Hadn’t even
Dean doesn’t protest for a lot of reasons – mostly because he knows that if he did, Cas would let him go in an instant. And he
Sam opens his mouth to say
Balthazar jerks his head toward the sleeping omega in the other room meaningfully. “He came around?”
was the fallout, it was one he would
A few years ago, Dean never would have thought his dad was capable of catching slaves. He’d always been against the trade, had always told Dean how disgusting he found it, how cowardly it was to sign yourself away instead of working hard and how
Sam swallows. “Recovery,” he repeats, his voice toneless.
Dean doesn’t buy it, but he can play along. “I’d say I was well on my way to handing your ass to you.”
to. He probably has. “I want you to listen to your body and make that decision for yourself. If you decide that you want more later, you will be able to eat. This isn’t a one-time offer.”
“Guess I
to hurt the other, and that counts for a whole hell of a lot. Don’t forget that, Dean.”
me down.” Dean laughs, self deprecating, the sheer magnitude of what he’s admitting catching up to him. “What’s wrong with me, man? What’s so fucked up inside me that I… that I
certainly isn’t one of them – Dean figures he would already be ducking for cover if it was.
Dean lets loose a breath and slowly nods against him, but it’s neither reassuring nor comforting.
so often that Dean was not even allowed to sleep on his own terms.
But Cas has never asked for anything like that. The few times Dean, well,
of the window – that he’s more afraid of what his dad will do to him than the loansharks pounding on the front door.
The word rankles.
do what he wants without permission, and working to actually believe it. It isn’t long before they hear him traipse up the stairs.
over a week after his purchase, circle his neck under and around the leather-covered metal.
again, and hops right into his lap, circling and kneading into his slacks until she’s comfortable. Plopping down, she begins to purr – loud, rumbling vibrations.
Scott, at this point, was no longer fighting Cas’s iron hold. They were just standing in place, biting their lip. “What… um. What day
Dean blinks at her. To see if he’s
The thought makes him ache as though someone is reaching inside of him and twisting.
“Sam... he didn’t really, um. React. To...
Then, he starts driving, and goes far longer and farther than he probably should. In the back of his mind, he knows that literally anyone who gives a damn about him would be yelling at him, but he can’t bring himself to care.
he responds, and Castiel can practically
It’s bewildering to him that, in just a few short days, he’s gone from fearing for his life to even being able to consider doing something as presumptuous and frivolous as sitting down with a novel.
“But – it’s just because we’re scent bonded, Pam,” he protests weakly, grasping at something,
Dean swallows a few times and very nearly fails to cram down his urge to bolt. Castiel doesn’t
Castiel closes his eyes for a moment.
“Seriously. I can smell you from all the way over here.”
here, that he forgets to be scared for once in his life.
Dean smiles. It’s a pretty transparent way to check on him, but he appreciates it all the same.
“And he did it,” Sam continues, his voice shaking with the injustice of the facts, “as a fucking
Even alone in his room, with no one to see, he shrinks into himself.
The answer doesn’t seem to matter much; Dean shakes his head, but Cas ignores him in favor of shrugging off his jacket. No doubt to give it to Dean – his life is such a chick flick, these days.
Castiel cannot fully trust himself.
he’s so fucking stupid. The carpet is soft on his forehead when he bows, and it brushes his lips when he starts begging. “I’m s-sorry, master –
Dean nods, biting his lip. He should probably stop talking now, but he’s nothing if not curious. And he still doesn’t understand the dynamic of his master and this strange omega in front of him.
With that, he puts on a frankly absurd trench coat and walks into the garage, opening the passenger door for Dean to make it obvious where he’s supposed to sit. Dean hesitates for only a moment more before he scrambles in and buckles his seat-belt, and if there are tears threatening to spill out of his eyes, Cas mercifully doesn’t say a single word about it.
How pathetic is that? He knows he’s here to be bred. To be Castiel’s pretend mate just long enough for a kid or two to be pushed into this fucked up world. But he
Castiel tries to get a word in edgewise, but Balthazar steamrolls right over him. He sounds like he’s speaking through gritted teeth. “And, sure, you could have been smarter about taking him out of the house in the first place. Could have been sure he’d have a way to defend himself from unwanted
Then his eyes pop back open.
his other hand snaps up to press Dean’s nose to the crook between his neck and his shoulder.
“I’m just trying to figure out why, kid,” Dean said, holding his hands up. “Seems like you got a pretty good life to me. Good friends, parents who love you–”
one off. He’s been attached at Cas’s hip for a while now, but it’s gotten blatantly overthetop during the last few days.
clearly his master’s home, and it’s the exact opposite of the clinical, sterile atmosphere of a training center that Dean has come to know. And as far as he can tell, Castiel is the lone occupant; the house is big, but there’s been no sign of any other people living here since he’s arrived.
“Yes, Dean?” He asked, patiently swirling the finger around, pushing at the walls, stretching them. Making room for himself.
They pull away from each other at the same time, with the same reluctance – two magnets that want to touch, down to their atoms. Castiel climbs to his feet, helps Dean to his as well. They steady each other, twin trees in the storm.
Castiel stiffens, but Dean is already looking away – already running his thumb along the rim of the cup – like he knows Castiel is going to be irritated and is bracing himself. There’s a bit of a flush on his cheeks.
It doesn’t escape his notice that Balthazar has not answered the question.
that it pained him to even consider it. Dean would do this for him, he had no doubt in his mind. But it would mean nothing to him.
in here, you know. I will torture its mind and make it
“You trust him, right Cas?” he asks, nudging the alpha. He nods, still a bit hesitant even when Dean gives him a smile. “Then that’s good enough for me. I’m sure it’ll be okay.”
While he starts getting dinner ready, Dean hesitates in the doorway to the dining room, his eyes flicking around nervously while he thinks Castiel isn’t paying attention. Castiel grimaces at what he must be thinking. He is a very wealthy man, and though the vast majority of his assets have been poured into the center, it still shows in his home. He’d bought it, and most of the things that furnish it, many years before he started the work he does now, back when he’d been a young, stupid alpha with his family’s blood money burning holes in his pockets.
uncomfortable. “It
choose to have me…
Stomach twisting painfully, he closes his eyes and grips his knees. Dean had truly believed that his only reason for helping him was to use him as an
God, he doesn’t want Castiel to punish him. It’s only been a few days since he was last disciplined, but he can already feel the tolerance he’s built for that sort of pain fading away. He really wanted to do this right, but all he’s done is fuck it up. He wonders if his master is describing to the doctor how he’s going to hurt Dean – it wouldn’t surprise him if he was setting up a follow-up visit for a few days to clean up what’s left of him.
“But…” Dean trails off, blushing. He mumbles, “I got slick for
He watches his breath fog up the glass with hooded eyes. It’s started to snow again, light, fluffy flurries drifting past the window outside. For once, that doesn’t fill him with dread. His master doesn’t seem inclined to kick him into the cold as punishment, not like Alastair. He doesn’t know that for sure, of course, but strangely enough Dean doesn’t think this new alpha would get the satisfaction out of it that his old one did.
He’s dipping forward till his brow hits the carpet, till the crown of his head is nudging Castiel’s shoes. He makes a high, pleading noise, not exactly sure who he’s pleading with, or what he’s pleading for.
him to. Had, in the only way he could,
That tiny expression is more than enough to make him feel like he’s floating. Dean blinks at the sudden joy he can no doubt smell in the air, a puzzled quirk to his mouth, but his smile doesn’t fade. Castiel wishes, hysterically, that he could snap a picture of that expression and frame it.
Scott choked out. “Someone
His brother’s smile falters. He blinks hard, looking up at the ceiling like he’s trying not to cry. “He looked for you too, Dean. Right away. Pulled out all the stops. But it was like you’d vanished. We had no idea where to begin, and by the time we figured it out, you’d already been…”
Castiel sighs. “No. I believe I managed to convince him to hold off on that. At least until after dinner, anyway.”
Novak’s words are like iron, like a steel sword pointed at Sam’s throat. But
And Castiel has had
Sam needs to shut up. He needs to shut up right
master expired.”
he whispers. “If he goes up to the center…”
to do in order to keep Sam safe. But he never would have been at risk in the
Slaves are supposed to be collared. Always. Wouldn’t want to accidentally treat one like a person, or anything.
Castiel insists, standing up now as well and taking a step closer to his friend,
He thinks that he’s doing a better job of it than the first time around, at least.
“Is he not nesting in his room?”
“Bal,
He’d removed his hand from Dean’s naked skin, and gasped when he saw the angry red handprint left on his mate’s shoulder. Yet another thing he hadn’t had time to dwell on. He’d scooped Dean up, held him close to his chest, and fled.
And neither one of you have a choice about that, you understand me?”
what he wanted, no one to keep him from using Dean for the purpose he’d no doubt bought him for in the first place. The alpha had chased and then cornered him with a
That probably helps him more than you can imagine."
“Fascinating theory,” Balthazar deadpans. “Oy! Just put it in the bag, mate!”
Most of the world doesn’t think like that. Most of the world wants him to be docile and meek and someone’s pretty little plaything.
“I’m so sorry,” the alpha says, and because Dean doesn’t know if he’s talking about what’s happened to him in the past, or what he did just hours ago, he grabs the alpha’s palm in his own and holds it, resting their hands in Dean’s lap. Cas is the one blinking back tears now.
Castiel’s thumb under his chin throws him more than it probably should – after all, they’ve just spent the night doing
Castiel
He half expects Bal to give him shit about answering Cas’s phone, or drop some smug comment about how he’s finally not in heat anymore, or
Benny raises his eyebrows, angles his face down so he can stare at Dean above his glasses. He holds up a hand and begins to count off on his fingers. “Well, partner, shall we name a few things?”
He retreats to Cas’s office, curls up on the floor next to his desk in his usual spot. It feels strange to be in here without the alpha, and he hopes Cas won’t mind – it’s not like Dean is going to touch anything, or mess with his computer, but still. Before he can chicken out, he presses the little phone shaped button near her name and holds his breath while the call connects.
Castiel makes a face. “I wouldn’t mind.”
“You ain’t those alphas,” Benny says simply, rooting straight through his words to the core of his fear, “and you never will be. You just don’t have that cruelty in you, boss.”
“He did, though,” Castiel presses. “He never should have put a burden like that on your shoulders–”
“I, uh,” he stutters. “Um. Bathroom. Gotta take a leak. I’ll be right back,” he mumbles, and scrambles out of the bed.
Wants to let someone
Benny nods. He looks like he’s just come to a realization with that information. “Ah. And then you entered the trade at, what, sixteen?” When Dean nods, he continues. “Sounds like you didn’t exactly have the chance to explore the finer aspects of your designation.”
Castiel had taken his long, tan coat in one hand, his chest aching with fondness. “Only if you’ll wear this one,” he’d compromised, shucking his hastily thrown-on jacket to hand to Dean in turn. “Don’t want you to be cold.” And, though his face had been wane and tense with worry, Dean had
“Please don’t tell my master,” he chokes. He doesn’t know why he bothers – his new master is
an act,” Sam stammers, his brain blank and unhelpful.
time, Alastair had gone much farther to punish him.
Dean snorts. “And a slave’s signature don’t mean shit. Right.” His mouth twists. The last time his John Handcock was worth anything, he was sixteen. And his last act as a free person had been to sign away his
It is, of course. All the other residents are housed in a place that gives them help 24/7, from people who are well trained. And each of them are owned by his
The air is heavy. Tense. Sam can sense the other alpha’s distrust of him – as if
Dean’s watching the exchange with wide eyes, and Hannah looks over at him, sticks out her hand. “Hi, I’m Hannah.”
he’s feeling right now. He hardly tastes it.
He can’t throw up.
“Oh, you know. Could be the fact that your alpha in there is blood related to a couple of real life supervillains.”
Dean stared at him, uncomprehending. “Your… huh?”
Cas hums. “I could get more blankets from the linen closet?”
“But…”
Some of Sam’s fear is starting to retreat again – and in the cracks and crevices that are exposed, the anger seeps right back in. “So Novak owns him,” he finishes bluntly. Balthazar winces. “Do I have that right?”
“Good,” Bal says gruffly. “Fine. Eat something. And get some bloody
Dean is sure staring at him now. The blood has drained from his face, his eyes are wide. He looks
He sighs, rubbing at his face. “I suppose I’ll play it by ear. I just…”
Sam cocks his jaw, but he nods, acknowledging the point. He can tell that the young alpha is making a conscious effort to tone it down, even under the circumstances, and he appreciates it.
“Apology accepted,” Bal says diplomatically. “But back to my point – you’ve both got a choice in front of you, mate.”
Better food than the post. Not that he has any doubt that this alpha has
“I’d like to stay, too,” he offers, and Dean’s shoulders relax. He looks grateful.
“That’s me,” Sam says, hoping he sounds cheerful. “And you are…”
Wordlessly, Castiel steps forward. He brings Dean to his chest, his arms loose around him, and gently nudges him to scent. Dean does so with lackluster enthusiasm, huffing out a breath that brushes over Castiel’s skin in a warm burst of air. “I don’t think there’s much of anything that could pull him away from you, at this point,” Castiel reminds the omega. “He’s not going to leave, Dean.”
true that, on a biological level, we all search for security.”
His stomach twists unreasonably when he opens the fridge, some deep-seated worry that he’ll be punished for stealing trying to crawl up his spine. But as he hesitates, he can hear Castiel’s gentle snoring in the other room, and the unease trickles away from him. Cas
He clears his throat. “What clothes would you like?” he asks, voice a little rough, and Dean jumps at the noise.
The vast majority are normal people with normal kinks and, if they aren’t exactly
Dean furrowed his brow. “Cas, there’s not much I
that he does. But Dean doesn’t see it that way.”
expect is for the alpha to sit down on the floor in front of him, hands in his lap. He doesn’t expect the wash of
He won’t.
He trails off.
“Well
The man in question is profoundly small, and profoundly terrified.
Cas swallowed harshly and stepped into the water before his thoughts could run further out of hand. He hated himself for thinking them. Hated that after ten long years, he hadn’t managed to find a way to make this bond fade. To take back the control it had over his heart,
Is this how he’d felt, when Dean had first arrived? Constantly having to prove that he wasn’t a monster? Constantly having to talk him off the ledge? He already appreciates Cas for everything he’s done for him, but all at once, Dean feels a new swell of gratitude. It can’t have been easy, dealing with him at his worst.
Dean takes a breath, and when he exhales, it’s with a half laugh that sounds more self-deprecating than anything. He looks back at Castiel ruefully. “Okay. Sorta tastes like soap, actually.” He pauses, a quirk lifting the side of his mouth. “Dunno why I’m scared to tell you that.”
Claire knocks his tray into his chest none too gently, and he huffs as he takes it from her. “Enjoy your chicken fingers, you seven-year-old,” she snipes. Dean just grins as she settles down on the cushion across from him. Claire is full of bluster, but she’d been nice enough to go through the line for him –
Dean’s grip tightens around the glass like he’d been expecting a kick rather than kindness, but after a moment, he nods, the movement as cautious as if he were picking his way through a field of landmines. Castiel’s fingers barely brush his when he takes the cup, but it’s enough to make Dean flinch, head tucking down further into his chest when he snatches his hand away. He resolves to be more careful.
As if he’s reading his mind, Balthazar snorts. “And, cherry on top – would you like to know
Cas looks… small, somehow. Weary. “Yes,” he says softly, giving Dean a weak, apologetic smile – it looks like it could shatter to pieces at any moment. “You’re right, of course. I’m giving them far too much credit.”
“It’s bloody freezing,” the man grumbles, stamping his feet on the doormat to knock off bits of ice. He’s got a British accent of some sort – Dean finds that it suits him and his flashy outfit exactly. He unwinds his scarf and hangs it next to his pretentious looking peacoat by the door, the dark fabric dusted with bits of snow, and his sweater underneath has a deep v-neck.
The bravery of the question surprises him – he has no idea where it came from. He winces at his own audacity, at the stupidity of bringing up the collar so that Castiel knows it’s important to him. That this is something the alpha can hurt him with that goes beyond the physical.
Dean’s shoulders slump. He leans forward until their hands are caught between their warm chests, birds in a cage. And he presses into Castiel’s neck with an exhausted sort of relief. Inhales his scent in gulps, his own still as jagged as the reading on a heart monitor.
“My,” Dean tries, but his voice is weak. Shaking. “M-my alpha, he’s…”
He is receiving the best possible care– ”
It didn’t take long before he was fast asleep.
of the funding for the center, and for the most part, I handle the accounting. But Balthazar hired you, and it is only Balthazar that could fire you. He’d skin me alive if I ever tried to do anything like that, anyway,” he says with a slight smile.
He steps back, gives him space. Dean shakes, pale and scared and small on the tile of his ostentatious kitchen, his eyelids screwed shut as he tries to calm himself down with a practiced sort of desperation that makes Castiel’s heart twist in his chest. Eventually, he manages to pull himself together enough to hold the blanket around his shoulders with one white, trembling hand. “Th-thank you. Sorry,” he whispers again, and there’s no small amount of shame in his voice. It makes Castiel’s teeth clench.
reaction. You are only human, Dean.”
Dean might have been
“What clothing would you like?”
Sam feels his throat tighten. The omega is unabashedly watching him, his eyes narrowed as he waits to see how Sam will react. This is a test. It
“I mean… where do you want the bed? In the corner? To stay here? Are we keeping it on the frame?” he asks, nodding at it. “We should probably move it before we bring all your blankets and things down.”
and he smacks his hands away with an eye roll and a grin. “Asshole,” he mutters, turning toward the door, but he can’t keep the fondness out of his voice.
“Cane,” he croaks.
“Any color preference?” Cas asks absently, startling Dean away from those very dangerous thoughts. He's squinting at the screen with a small frown, probably
Dean stiffens. Whatever she’s about to bring up has put a real apologetic expression on her face that he doesn’t like the look of at all. Her tone is sympathetic, at least, though it doesn’t make the blow sting any less when it lands. “Were you ever drugged?”
Relief washes over him, and he nods, forgetting Benny can’t see him. “Can I ask what brought this on?”
And he tells him.
He’s going to be punished. He knows this. He’ll survive, or he won’t, but it’s not up to him and there’s nothing he can do about it. So he stays where he is, forehead pressed into the stupidly white carpet, and waits.
Castiel had growled –
Dean’s stomach sinks. “Why?”
For a long while, neither of them say a word. Castiel can’t think of what
“You can’t control that,” he says, and his voice is only shaking a little. What a goddamn victory. “Sorry. I overreacted.”  Understatement of the
But the words get caught in his throat like birds in wire snare. None of them make it out.
“Balthazar,” Castiel chides gently, but his friend only scoffs at him.
flooding him. He feels like he might throw up. Like he might
The whole drive there, his stomach is in knots. He types the address into his GPS – as far as Google can tell, he’s apparently driving out to the middle of an empty field. Whoever has scrubbed this place from the internet has done a scary good job, and Sam wonders for the hundredth time if he’s making a mistake by showing up here unannounced.
“He didn’t eat much,” the alpha adds, grimacing as he glances Dean’s way. “I think he was nervous.”
Dean said this all with a gleam in the green of his eyes, as if he truly thought that
She perks up and smiles at him and that calms a lot of the anxiety that had begun to jump through him like sparks of electricity. Dean knows he made the right decision. His master will find out just how damaged he is the first time he decides to use him anyway. The illusion of his privacy is just that – an illusion. Slaves don’t get that. Don’t get to say no to anything without consequences.
The other handler jumps back in, keen to dig in the knife a little more. “You can say
in the back of his throat.
earn the punishments he’s endured – a part of him, larger and larger over the years, that has suspected he truly is defective, or broken, or bad. People like Cas and Pamela and Balthazar… they are slowly but surely setting him straight, reminding him that there are plenty of folks in the world who would never condone the things that have been done to him. Who condemn those who would.
His voice is low when he speaks. “You have been mistreated for a very long time, Dean. I want to help you because it’s the right thing to do. I didn’t buy you so you could serve me.”
present guilt at that, and clears his throat. “So, that was on me. Please don’t take it upon yourself.”
I was chained to the post in the
The alpha had
Not quite able to help himself, Castiel reaches out and swipes his thumb across Dean’s cheek, pushing away his tears. Dean swallows thickly. “Please, don’t,” Castiel asks. “Don’t be angry at yourself for needing time.”
Sam frowns harder at that. “They didn’t say anything else?”
for Bal, is only about a half step away from fear.
He can still smell Castiel on his clothes, far stronger than the stale smell of the pillow. Honey, coffee, rain, and something electric that reminds him of how the hair on his arms used to stand on end right before a Kansas thunderstorm. It doesn’t bother him that he smells like the alpha, and
more than he wants that. So he does his best. And by some miracle, they make it to the end of Dean’s heat without any more bumps in the road.
Cas’s eyebrows draw together. He finally sits up as well, frowning and leaning forward. “Of course I did, Dean. I reached out to you subconsciously, yes. But this morning, when I opened up my eyes and saw you, safe and sound, right
I’m proud of you.”
Balthazar cocks his head to the side. “It doesn’t?”
Dean swallows. He can’t
Heat rises in his cheeks. He’s glad Balthazar can’t see him. “It’s the first time he’s done anything like that,” he says quickly. “It surprised me.”
He’d looked… devastated.
to end up as slaves, but it’s been known to happen. As far as Dean knows, they’re pretty much exclusively dumped into the trade because of prison sentences, and they almost always end up doing one of two things – performing hard physical labor, or winding up as cannon fodder.
people. Wanna see?” Dean asked, keeping his voice light despite the fact that he was slightly dizzy now. His blood was in drips all over the broken asphalt.
But he hadn’t. He hadn’t. Because, deep,
is his
Dean’s eyes are pressed closed, but he nods jerkily.
Bobby’s
had been the one to put him directly in harm’s way, too far away from John for his dad to swoop in and rescue him. Far away from even the relative safety of a school building.
Stay safe out there!
he continues, ignoring Charlie’s protests, “the call didn’t ping from that property,” he reminds her for the upteeth time. “It came from his
“Aye,” Benny says wryly, and the call ends.
“Thank you for telling me, Dean,” he says earnestly. Dean looks up at him, vulnerable and nervous and yet still so very strong, and Castiel cannot help but feel a tremendous sense of pride for the man. “That was very brave.”
And though he knows it isn’t Dean’s intention to guilt him – knows it's likely the
“Nope,” the deputy said – despite that, he didn’t sound real pleased. In fact, he sounded a little disturbed. “The cameras on the next store over caught ‘em, too.”
While Rick scampers off to get the forms that Castiel will need to walk out of here with Dean legally, the other handler fishes out the electronic key that will remove Dean’s cuffs. He slowly stoops down to do it himself, his eyes carefully trained on Castiel like he’s afraid he’ll lash out and bite him.
It would have made sense, financially. The alpha’s business was in shambles, the majority of his stock – not to mention clientele – gone in the flames. The income from even one sold slave would have been better than nothing.
“Aww,” the taller handler – Rick – says, sucking his teeth. “Shame. They make
All he wants to do is what Cas says. That’s
Dean wants to hug him.
no matter how upset he is with the young man. “I’m under no illusions as to what this appears to be.” He sighs. “All that your brother sees when he looks at me is a strange alpha that has a
Ignoring his whispered words of doubt, Dean sluggishly peers down at himself. Slowly, he reaches up and touches his shirt. “Got clothes on,” he observes blankly, and in any other situation it might strike Castiel as funny. But it does nothing but make him more concerned – he needs to call Pam and ask her if this is normal.
(See the end of the chapter for
The doctor had smiled at him and then patted his hand, told him to take a breather, and then had jerked her head at the alpha and left in a hurry. His master had followed her, and their footsteps had faded, and now Dean can just make out what sounds like a tense discussion a few rooms away.
Because, truly, Sam has spent a very long time imagining the rescue of his brother. Never, not in a million years, did he think it would look like this.
, technically speaking, a loophole provision for alphas to free omegas from
Balthazar says it flatly, nearly no emotion in his tone. But Dean looks up anyway – keen as he is, there’s no way he’s going to miss what that implies. “You?”
He trails off, and Castiel doesn’t need to look at him to know that he’s grinning. “I am never going to hear the end of this, am I?”
Sam bites his lip. “You don’t know,” he protests, feeling way too small for being as tall as he is. “It’s… it really
not someone who likes him just enough to sink his knot into him.
They’re worried about – about protecting them,” he chokes out, heart twisting in his chest. He doesn’t know why he expected anything different. Maybe it’s because he’s gotten too used to being here, among people who
Dean can’t handle this. He
worried, though, because he’s watching the way the skin around Cas’s eyes tightens ever so slightly, watching the way his hands clamp into fists. He can see the strain in the tendons of his neck. And when he scents the air, past the surface level comfort of Cas’s familiar scent, he can pick up on a tense sort of… fear. Or at least something close.
Words crowd forward in Castiel’s mouth, pushing against each other in their need to be out in the air. He
The young woman flushes. “I don’t…”
Though, to be fair, mating was one of the few things that impacted both designations equally. An alpha would hurt too, if their omega tried to leave. Would be in pain, if their omega was in pain.
“We rarely do,” his friend responds wryly. “Does he know?”
“What question was that?”
They don’t argue with him again after that.
“And I,” the alpha says, his tone softening, “Slept through the night, uninterrupted. I…
Dean waits to have some sort of reaction to that – waits to feel angry, or sad, or relieved. But there’s just this numb sort of buzzing in his brain when he looks at that grainy image on the monitor.
than before.” Dean nuzzles against his skin, a breathy sigh escaping him as he does, “And he feels hotter–”
hermit.
He closes his eyes, concentrates on the feeling of Cas’s hand around his own. “My master took me to a bar with him. He played poker a lot. Gambling problem, I don’t know. The dude went through all his cash in like an hour and then I –” he stops for a moment, takes a breath. “I was the only thing he had left to bet.”
than admit any of that to his brother. “I know you smelled that on him. On me. And you know what? He didn’t do
that he will be hurt, knows that there is nothing left for him to do but endure. His very scent is hollowing out, the sharpness of the terror from before sinking into something closer to
Dean glances down at the exposed skin above his sleeves, frowning. They’re just as red as they’d been in the dressing room a couple of days ago. Still just as obvious. And when he flexes them, they twinge a little. It’s not a pain he’s noticed before now, really. Probably because he’d been living with so much worse for so long that little things like this never even registered. His first instinct is to lie, to minimize the small sparks of pain – they don’t seem like something he has any right to complain about.
He nods, ignoring the trill of nerves at the thought.
at first. Kicked me awake and…” He swallows, the tremor in his hands betraying the faux callousness of his words. “Put me up for use. Same shit that happened all the time, nothing new. Nothing real bad.”
Dean shrugs. He can feel himself starting to get twitchy under her gaze, like he’s breaking the rules or disappointing her somehow.  “I know. But I still want him there. Is that… can I?” he asks, a little bit desperate, already losing the firm, stubborn feeling he’d had before.
“You – but –” Dean’s voice shakes. “You said you wouldn’t hurt me?”
“You had a right to eavesdrop,” Castiel assures him, because he had. Still, he can’t help but be glad that Dean hadn’t heard the rest. He understands Sam’s need to grieve, understands his need to
He looks… disappointed, to a degree. But there’s an overlying layer of acceptance that Castiel doesn’t like; a filter on the omega’s expression that tells him that Dean is unsurprised by his answer. Unsurprised by being denied. And, more alarmingly, a dimness to his eyes that tells Castiel he isn’t going to fight it anymore.
“Heard what you said to Sam,” he eventually says, when the bowl is mostly empty. The movie plays on quietly in the background – neither of them are really watching it.
trying to hustle up the money he’d need to feed himself and Sam, cumulative years of his life spent out in the cold trying to scrape together enough for rent or another night in the motel while their dad was out doing who the hell knows what.
of that vulnerability, if he ever did witness it. For a moment, it doesn’t matter that he’s on the floor, it doesn’t matter that he’s owned. He feels like he did a decade ago – like a
want it. That it was an action driven by terror, and that Castiel’s reaction – the feeling deep inside his chest that Dean belonged there with him, that he should never be anywhere else…
Dean also knows that if Crowley
Sam clicks off his phone and presses the corner of it to his forehead, biting his cheek to keep from cursing out loud. He’s trying to decide whether it’ll be better to bite the bullet and call Bobby, or wait for the inevitable, when the phone starts to ring loudly in his hand.
Castiel and Hannah are talking quietly when he approaches them, and it’s not until Hannah looks over and whistles that Cas pays him any attention. The alpha stares at him, his expression sort of blank. Caught off guard. He’s not sure whether that’s a good or bad thing. Maybe Cas wanted him to dress up a little more?
Sam demands, his voice shaking. “How? He’s – he was on the ground. On the
sleeping?” Scott asked, looking at Sam doubtfully. “I don’t… um.”
Castiel,
It’s not exactly a
He hadn’t been able to tell Dean any details. The omega hadn’t let him. As soon as he’d heard that name, he’d shaken his head, curled his hands over his head. He’d literally
Balthazar lets them both sit in silence for a good while, until the alpha seems a bit more awake. “Does he often do that?” he asks, throwing a thumb over his shoulder.
Want me to call in a SWAT team for you? Or would you rather turn yourself in? I could get Jody to come pick you up. Or perhaps dial 911, if you’re more comfortable with that?”
with himself, had not even
The sadness that pierces Cas’s scent does so with all the subtlety of a broadsword. His jaw stiffens, and he puts his own hand over Dean’s, holding it tightly. “I’m sorry it took me so long.”
Trying his hardest to move gently, trying not to touch him at all, Castiel clips the hateful thing onto Dean’s collar. The omega swallows thickly at the sound. He stares at the slack length of nylon like it’s going to be used to hurt him.
The alpha obviously doesn’t know about what Alastair did to him to make that plan impossible, and Dean’s not sure what’s worse – realizing that Castiel wants to use him as a breeder, or thinking about what he’s going to do when he finds out he
Slowly, Dean sat up. Set his drink on the hood next to him carefully.
hurt him, just that he doesn’t seem to be partial to the random fits of rage that so many of his previous alphas had.
not what Bal told him to do, but he doesn’t care. He can’t stand the thought of Dean calling him that hateful word, of him expecting Castiel to do the same things that all the rest of his owners have done. He
A millisecond later, a bucket of ice water dumps over his head as he realizes what he just did, what he just
to provide.
had been the one to clean it.
Dean blinks, sure he didn’t hear that right. After a moment, he leans back, staring at the alpha incredulously. “You think
Frozen with his hand on the omega’s warm skin, what is happening in Dean’s mind right now becomes vividly, painfully clear, as obvious as the way the omega is somehow both arching into his touch and straining away; as obvious as the tormented, anguished look on his face and the tears he’s barely managing to hold back.
Their father had hit Sam exactly
Dean spends the entire meal sitting on the coffee table. He’s not quite up to sitting
Castiel can do nothing but wrap his arms around Dean and hold him tight to his chest.
or somethin’ like that. I only remember ‘cause I thought he was crazy for it, since this one was a runner. I figured we’d see him back here within a month.”
He’d wanted the alpha so badly that it had started to become physically painful.
“What do
someone –
Dean had made, and had decided to add some of his own for good measure.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean snorts quietly into his neck. “That was easy.”
The thought does not feel real. It still seems like he’s fooling himself somehow, even though Cas had said those
“Well, that’s up to you,” Dean answered honestly. He fumbled for something to write with and found a broken pencil and a crumpled, but mostly clean napkin, scrawling his number down on it. He handed it to Scott, who looked at it in disbelief before tucking it lovingly into his pocket.
to another omega. Alastair kept him all alone. The whipping boy of the whorehouse, leashed to a bed in his room that he wasn’t even allowed to sleep in. It’s not that the other slaves had had it easy – when he’d first been bought by Alastair, he’d been forced along with them to clean or serve when they weren’t being
He speeds up after that and it’s not long before the plate is empty. Castiel has to make himself look away and appear disinterested when Dean carefully sets the fork on the ground and uses his thumb to spoon up the little that remains on the plate, methodically licking his shaking fingers clean.
Dean’s jaw flexes. “It was just
take care of themselves?” he asks snidely, rolling his eyes. “No. Of course not. And they
“That makes sense,” Castiel says gently, picking some food off the plate for himself. He eats a few things before he adds, “Yesterday was… a lot. For anyone to deal with.”
He had never
Cas, taking his silence for acceptance, pulls out of the space and back onto the road.
Cas has a small, sad smile on his face. He’s looking at Dean out of the corner of his eye. “I suppose so,” he admits, taking another long sip.
The edges of it dig into his already injured palm. He wants to fling it into the lake.
The older omega knows
he asks, making it clear he’s only using the name to humor him.
Tapping his foot, Sam feels that odd feeling inside of him grow a little bit stronger. “They haven’t tried calling back since?”
Trigger warning - Rape and sexual abuse of a minor (Dean is 16 and then 17) is described in fairly heavy detail here. It's fast, but it's... it's pretty bad, so I thought I'd give you a head's up. There's a blurb about Dean's initial training at the auction house in the paragraph after "This Dean had no clue what was coming." Then, in the little blurb between the line breaks, there's a pretty nasty flashback of the first time he was raped. You can skip that all together and still understand the chapter.
what Castiel intended. But it’s too late now. He’s still not used to how reactive Dean is to him – how much the omega’s desires influence, and reflect, his own. It’s a cycle, an echo chamber, and it only takes one of them to get it going.
Dean shudders, drops his eyes. Trial and error, usually.
“Please.”
He pulls Castiel’s jacket back on instead, and doesn’t look at himself in the mirror before he walks out of the room. He leaves the jacket on the floor.
he wants to argue.
“No, I hadn't,” Dean finally says, voice quiet. “And within a few
to wake up with Dean in his arms again. Wants that every day for the rest of their lives, if he’s being brutally honest with himself.
Dean’s eyes flicker up to his master quickly, nervous, waiting for his fist or shoe to lunge out, but Castiel isn’t moving toward him. Instead, he moves away. Sits down on the bed that Dean had, only a few days ago, dared to try and sleep in on his own.
“Only, uh. Here’s the thing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oatmeal?”
Crowley flashes his teeth. “Scout’s honor, Johnny boy.”
Balthazar curses, almost to himself.
Dean used to turn himself off when he felt like that. Used to shut that shit down
By the time he finally stumbles out of the shower, Dean’s running on about a half dozen brain cells and most of them are pointing him toward his alpha. He leaves the bathroom in nothing but a towel, the idea of putting his sweat stained clothes back on making his skin crawl far more than a semi nude dash back to his room.
He sits at the table next to Dean for the next few hours, battling with his instinct to get him up off the floor the whole time. Dean doesn’t seem to be affected at all by the same position that had given Castiel’s legs an unpleasant ache and tingle after just a few minutes last night. Instead, the omega appears to withdraw mentally, eyes unfocused and resting on an indistinct point on the kitchen floor, his breathing even and slow.
Cas smiles, pulling a pen out of his front pocket. He shuffles through the stack with the air of someone who has done this many times, and Dean can’t help but feel a wave of awe at that. How many times has Cas signed someone into freedom like this? He knows it’s only the first step, but it’s one that no other master
didn’t think it was a good idea, and I think I was right, because–”
Castiel lunges forward without thinking, intent on helping, but Dean flinches away from his touch like he’s wielding a red-hot iron, the blood draining from his face as he stumbles back.
to thoughts of him,” he finishes in a rush, shame making his words strangled, barely audible.
his brother. His brother is owned. Controlled. And he’s speaking to Novak like he
in the slightest.
and Sam feels like the walls are collapsing around him.
Something in the air, in the
Cas’s guilt was unparalleled as Dean’s fingers eased gently into his wings. As they teased out feather by feather from the filthy mass. Cas prayed to both Heaven and Hell that Dean wouldn’t shame him for this. Wouldn’t ask why he had neglected such an important part of himself for so long. Why he hadn’t
a blushing omega housewife. At least spiritually.
“They couldn’t,” Dean finishes flatly. Because he knows all about that.
works.” Pamela has the decency to look a little abashed – she nods. His stomach turns when he looks at it again. “Would you put that in the drawer or something? Jesus.”
It takes a long time for him to dry off. Takes a long time for his breathing to slow down, for him to feel like the room isn’t spinning around him like he’s on some kind of fucked up carousel. Eventually though, it does, and by then he’s calmed down enough to form a complete thought or two, and remember some pretty important shit.
Frowning a bit harder, the man’s voice softens. “Give me about five minutes, and then we’ll properly introduce ourselves.”
It takes a few seconds for the thoughts to actually sink in, a few more for Dean to believe them. But he does, eventually. Cas is
How hesitant he’d been, last night, even when Dean was literally throwing himself at his feet. That devastation he remembers on the alpha’s face is starting to make a whole lot of sense.
“I’ll do laundry later,” he says, giving Dean a reassuring smile. It makes him feel like he’s laying in the sunshine.
In the back seat, the cat
“You’re good practicing
this choice. Has to know that no one had forced him, that he’d chosen it all on his own.
words that were so cutting and personal that it would hurt like a physical blow for Sam to even
But, of course, he won’t. Cas still has his friggin’
one at that. The way he’d spoken yesterday had told Castiel so much – had told him exactly what kind of person Dean’s father had been. Cruel. Harsh with his words and with his actions. Uncaring, narcissistic, and destructive, with a victim complex a mile wide.
Castiel opens his arms, and the omega’s face crumples like a sandcastle. He takes a step forward, then another, and then he’s curling against Castiel’s chest with a hitching, broken sob. Though the water in his hair is freezing, his skin is still feverish and hot. His legs are shaking. His whole
The corner of Dean’s mouth curls up in something like a smile, though it does not reach his eyes. “I think I’ve pretty much established that I’m okay with whatever, Cas,” he says, more than a little self-deprecation in his words. “I’m more worried about what’s gonna freak
If he leaves her hanging for much longer, he has a feeling that she might start the drive up to the center herself. Swallowing, he hovers with his thumb over the call button. Presses down with a strange sort of finality.
to him. Not one fucking word.
Reminding himself that Cas doesn’t
It spoke
“Dean,” he warns, somewhat strained. “I… I may need a moment.”
“Cas...” he mumbles, his voice scraped raw. “‘m so tired.”
screams at him. “And I can’t even be grateful, can’t even show you how much I appreciate it, because my brain’s too fucked up to accept it! Because I don't
He hadn’t been able to stay in that room for one moment longer. Not with Dean looking at him like that, with such abject terror in his eyes, with that sick smell of fear and horror that had wrapped around everyone in the room as the kid pleaded. His alpha instincts, louder than ever before already, had
Pamela sounds faintly amused. “Cas?”
He tries to reconcile those memories of Sam with the man he’d seen last night, and finds that he can’t.
For just a moment, the robotic mask he’s wearing wavers. “Breakfast,” he answers, voice more raw than it has been all morning. The clarity lasts for only a moment, because in the next, Dean’s hands tighten into fists and his mask slams back down like a floodgate closing.
The omega is quiet, and for a while the only sound they can hear is the crunching of damp snow under their shoes.
Pam’s hand lands back on his shoulder, squeezing gently. “You two,” she says bluntly, “care quite a lot for each other. Neither one of you
that it’s pathetic doesn’t stop him from stumbling downstairs in nothing but his boxers, or from tugging one of Cas’s shirts from the laundry hamper. Doesn’t stop him from relaxing, just enough for it to matter, when the smell of rain and honey and
With no hesitation, despite his obvious exhaustion, Dean scrambles to do as he’s told. He lurches out of the car and onto the driveway – and, arms flailing as he goes, immediately loses his balance and slips precariously toward a pile of slush.
Dean’s going to die right here on the pier. “For fuck’s
He’s kneeling at Dean’s side with his hand on the omega’s shoulder before he can think better of it, wide awake and choking on the scent of his fear
Dean swallows. He puts the phone down, then turns it over for good measure. And before he has to think about it, before he has to make any sort of choice, Cas turns on the morning news downstairs and gives him the perfect excuse not to.
Another long chapter for all of you. I hope you enjoy it - there's a lot going on, here! Angst abound, as usual. I've put some specific warnings in the end notes, just in case. The first half of the chapter is from Castiel's perspective, and the second is from Dean's.
to do that.”
Dean just laughs – a short, strangled sounding noise that makes him want to hide from this forever. “I know, Dean. But it will go by faster than you think, and then you’ll be free.”
he’s growling, hands gripping the wheel so hard they’re shaking. “You could have been assaulted, or
Dean shrugs, looking away. “I meant… I meant that I’m grateful you don’t make me sit in that chair, even though we both know it’s what you want. I’m grateful you pulled the stupid mattress off the bed-frame last night instead of making me sleep up there, because you didn’t want me to have nightmares. I’m grateful you made me a breakfast you know I like because it’s gonna be a rough day, probably, and you wanted to start it off good. I’m grateful that you’re
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” he whispers. “I am so, so sorry. I cannot even begin to ask for your forgiveness.”
Yeah, like making sure his slave wasn’t going to off himself by running out into a friggin’ blizzard. Dean swallows, still on the ground, not quite brave enough to follow Balthazar’s example and stand up; especially when he strides over and claps the alpha’s hand in a handshake that morphs effortlessly into a hug. “Lovely chat, boss, but I’ve got to get going. Jody’s got a new batch of volunteers that need to hear the run-down.”
“Don’t get cute,” Bal retorts. His hand tightens around his cup as he glances at Castiel from the corner of his eye. “Did that Winchester kid try and rush
The other alpha raises his hands to waist height, nervously laughs, his tone jittery but placating as if he thinks he’s going to be able to talk Cas down from this. “Yeah, but, come on man. They always
“Don’t lie,” the lackey says, his tone predatory. He inhales through his nose, long and deep, and Dean instinctually leans back – as if
in the omega’s tone. “No.
Much like the first time she’d looked him over, Dean tugs off his shirt and sits very still as Pam gently examines him. She nods approvingly at the lack of bruises on him, smiles when she sees that his back has healed. She doesn’t mention his nape, but he can tell that she’s relieved to see it free of injuries – even as a beta, she understands how sensitive omegas are back there. By the time he’s buttoning his shirt back up, he’s much less tense than he’d thought he’d be.
He hates how incomplete and empty he feels,
The two betas face off in silence for a moment. Then, John’s shoulders slowly slump. He lowers the gun.
Dean is frozen for another moment – then he exhales, shuddering, and the hand that has been clasped over his mouth flutters up and covers his eyes instead. It isn’t fast enough to hide that they’re wet.  “C-Can you – I, uh.” He swallows, the noise thick in the quiet of the room. “I need– I mean, I want–”
is making him so scared that his body had gone cold.
“And there’s the end of both your careers,” he argues. “The end of your
Then, he’d taken a breath and actually stopped to consider what Dean’s perspective would be. How deeply his scent had been torn between fear and anger and desperate grief, how he’d looked up at Castiel like he’d hung the moon only days ago and then had rapidly spiraled ever since. How he
“You’re still up there, ain’t you?”
Any-who. I hope all of you are staying safe out there. It's a crazy world that we live in!
under the table for some reason
Dean stares at him. “Dude. You haven’t seen
he’s just not sure who they
“I’m - dirty,” he choked out.
but to not even be scared of consequences when he’d done it.
didn’t kill anybody,” Dean pointed out grumpily. “He’s possessed, Sam. And honestly, he could be anywhere at this point.”
funny, this weird little mirror that he’s found himself looking into, this coincidental reflection of his first night here.
He’s fucking up. He’s resisting, and resisting is bad. It’s
Castiel freezes. Holds his breath.
he’s feeling from Cas. With or without a scent bond. And that's... okay. Because he doesn't
This is about helping those that have no power to help themselves.
I don’t matter
to. Dean resisted the urge to shake him. “He’s doing the opposite.”
Bal’s mouth opens, but no sound comes out. After a second, he snaps it closed. Snarls wordlessly, his hands curled into pale, shaking fists at his sides. He looks very much as though he’d like to take a swing at Castiel – and at this point, Castiel would probably just
He takes in a sharp breath, closing his eyes. “Jesus fucking
have complained. He just nods, his mouth a solemn line. “You’re right, of course. I didn’t even think about that.” He gives Dean a long look. “We will both need to be more careful about what you eat in the future, Dean.”
But Cas
He’d sat right there on the floor with him as Dean had slowly drifted off, his hand in Dean’s own.
Castiel huffs. “Well, you can. Because I don’t.” He nudges Dean’s leg with his foot, smiling a little. “Like I said, I don’t mind changing things when you need me to. When you
in the same way that Dean wants
Alastair, who had literally beaten into him that he could have no pleasure for himself. Who had whipped Dean
helped.
And Cas falls asleep.
the collar. Far from it – he’s pretty sure that if Cas puts that thing back on him, he’ll be a step away from hysteria during this whole friggin’ trip. But with these marks around his neck, he knows it will be
other people once again. He just doesn’t know what to say or do to fix his blunder.
works on Sundays. That had been a very serious rule, he remembers. He had always insisted that Dean not work, either – the first person in his life to ever demand he work
Dean do anything at all. He hadn’t meant to use his
And… Dean needs to be free.
“I don’t deserve it because I’m going to screw him up!” he growls, shaking her off. “He tries so goddamn hard not to scare me – if he ends up doing something he regrets because he couldn’t
for it. Terrified that Cas thinks he let the alpha take what doesn’t belong to him
“Stop that,” Castiel chastises, soft but firm.
“No, it isn’t,” Bal replies blandly, nothing in his voice to indicate the weight of that statement – but they feel it all the same.
it, not because he’s trying to do as Castiel wishes.
Castiel makes a face. “...
Dean shrugs, suddenly a little uncomfortable. He knew how to fight, once upon a time, but he’s not sure he’d be able to now. It’s been a long time since he’s thrown a punch. The punishment for injuring a free person was worse than for running away, and Dean hadn’t really needed to be taught that lesson more than once – especially since he’d very quickly found out that, as satisfying as it might be to knock an alpha’s teeth out, there would always be another one behind him who liked the
a single thing about his father, about his brother, about Dean’s own stupidity and selfishness.
It’s a lot easier when Castiel takes control, so he just nods. “Sure, Cas.”
Balthazar knows more about that than Castiel does. Personally, he hadn’t been able to stomach more than a quick skim of Dean’s file. He’s seen the basics, has a good idea of the sheer number of disciplinary actions and escape attempts from the thickness of the packet alone. But past that, he’s got no idea about the specifics of Dean’s injuries, about the people that have owned him or the things he’s been “trained” in. He’s not sure he wants to know, not sure that he could handle knowing.
He wishes he’d thought to bring an extra jacket. Dean is wearing nothing but the loose slave garments the auction house provided for him, threadbare and dingy. But, as is typical, his common sense has failed him – and with the campus as overwhelmed as it is, Balthazar had not been able to help him prepare as much as either of them would have liked.
That would give them away. It would get Cas in trouble, ‘cause he’s not wearing a collar, ‘cause he doesn’t
relax all the way as he picks at his food, and he thinks that he might be able to shake off his nerves completely after a few more meals here.
But Sam is an
would have been suspicious of him. Nevertheless, he steps inside the double doors behind Cas, meekly ducking his head and trying not to chew his damn lip off.
finally, and all it had taken was a little proof. He’d been a fool to think that a man who has gone through the things that Dean has would ever take him at his word alone – there are good reasons for Dean’s wariness.
He’s not angry, exactly. Dean would know that smell, could recognize it from a mile away, has been conditioned to make himself scarce or small when he gets a whiff of it. But the alpha's mouth does tighten at the corners when Dean hands him his plate from lunch, still mostly full.
“I… slipped in the shower,” he says, blushing when he remembers anew how ridiculous he’d been acting. “Broke a bottle and landed right on it.”
It’s no different now.
to play with – he’d been isolated from everyone but those sick alphas completely. Instead of an off-duty slave passing out his portion of food, he’d had Alastair tossing down his bowl; instead of two or three other omegas to rest with and commiserate with, he’d had only himself and his demons, if not a
him –”
He’s so absorbed in typing out patient responses to each message that he misses the exact moment Dean falls asleep. Gradually, though, the man’s suspicion fades into simple weariness. When he looks up again, the omega is huddled against the side of the desk, his expression slack as he dozes. The soft green pillow is clutched to his chest rather than under his head as Castiel intended; he’s resting his chin on it, his nose buried in the velvety fabric. It’s not exactly ideal – he’d much rather Dean sleep in the bed upstairs – but rest is rest.
He opens his mouth to tell her that he doesn’t particularly
The omega takes a breath. Presses his palms to his eyes, mouth trembling. “I’m – I’m just not ready for that. Sorry. I know that’s… I know I’m a fucking coward. But I can’t…”
he can barely string two thoughts together with the sharp, choking scent of Dean’s blood clawing into him. Screaming and awful and
He should have known better. Castiel stiffens, his grip going a little tight around Dean’s hand. His focus on the road seems intentional, now, like he doesn’t want to look at Dean at all, and discomfort curls into his scent like coffee that’s been in the pot too long and has gone black and burnt.
Dean coughs the last of the bile from his mouth and flushes, hands white and trembling as he does so, and he tries to figure out what the fuck he’s supposed to do.
prayed that Alastair had been under it all. He doesn’t know if his former master is dead, but he thinks he must be. He’d heard the handlers whisper to each other that Dean had been the only survivor. Besides, there was no way Alastair would have let him be sold otherwise – he’d tried for years to cause enough damage or trouble to get the alpha to sell him back, and he’d never even come close.
“Thank you.”
has ever even dreamt of. Knows what kind of empire the man comes from. So he’d somewhat expected the man’s home to reflect that – to be modern and sleek, with tall glass walls and strange geometric shapes. The sort of thing that the ultra rich would be comfortable in.
This is
to. Sam has to know that Dean had
Dean’s shoulders slump, relief pulsing in his scent. “Thank you,” he whispers. “That’s… I know you didn’t want…”
Dean cocks his jaw. Closes his eyes, for a moment, and takes a long, deep breath. He needs to
in the man’s voice, and Dean’s not in the right headspace to determine whether it’s genuine.
He presses the call button instead.
Dean shudders, turning his face away from Castiel. He nods.
His palm lands on the man’s back, and he makes a high, pained noise. Something like begging.
Abruptly, broken out of whatever state of shock he’d been in, Dean flushes bright red and drops his eyes, backing up a step. And then, just as abruptly, his knee gives way under him. With a sharp cry of pain, he collapses, hand shooting out to the counter to try and catch himself.
apparent that he’s hard. Uncomfortably,
It’s a strange uniform for a slave – when he’s had clothes, they’ve always been ugly and shapeless, or demeaning and revealing. These, though, are new, and they look and feel expensive, and they’re just… clothes. Normal. He doesn’t know if he should be relieved just yet, doesn’t know how long he’s gonna get to keep these.
He screeches to a halt, his heart pounding. He feels jittery. “What?”
“There are alternatives to a physical permanent marking,” Cas offered, looking down to meet Scott’s eyes. Scott held them for all of a second before turning away, and Dean couldn’t blame them. The angel’s gaze was intense, even when it didn’t have to be.
Sure, he’s checked Dean a few times. Been a little harsh with his words now and again. But God knows Dean needs it, and he honestly deserves a lot worse. He hears again what Cas had shouted at him in the parking garage, but this time, he just winces and ignores it. Swallows the knee-jerk hurt and tells himself the alpha was right, because he always is.
If this really
He looks down, abruptly running out of steam, abruptly remembering that he shouldn’t even be talking like that in the first place. The silence sits heavy between them. But he refuses to take any of it back, because he
“Two more days,” Castiel reminds him, trying to sound encouraging. He’s not sure if that’s more for Dean’s benefit, or for his own. “Only two.”
Castiel can hardly speak around the glass in his throat. “No.”
“I do not mean to anger you,” Cas started, probably sensing his murderous rage. “What is done is done. I simply regret that I can never fulfill your desire in that aspect.”
I told him no? It didn’t make a damn bit of difference. I knew it wouldn’t.”
to. That it was his fault, really, for being a temptation – his fault for corrupting otherwise decent people with the scent of his heat. He should have known that it was just another bit of propaganda.
not.” He’s sick at the very thought, sick that Balthazar can even
If it provokes
Slowly, it starts to sink in that Dean is not, somehow, adverse to his touch. He’s upset about the thought of contacting his
“Dorky?” Dean supplied, playfully bumping Cas on the shoulder.
“Will I ever see you again?” Scott asked timidly, completely glossing over Dean’s last words.
He should be ecstatic that Sam is making something of himself, that he survived a childhood alone with their dad, that he’s been allowed to grow and prosper. He wants to be happy. On some level, he is – he’s tremendously relieved, so much so that he’d felt himself breathe properly for the first time in years the moment he’d lain eyes on that photo last night.
Dean falters, his amusement fading abruptly. He hadn’t really meant to say that – the last thing he wants to do is make Cas feel even worse about his habit of avoiding the furniture. But it’s out now, and there’s no backtracking.
he asks gleefully, stopping just short of rubbing his hands together like a supervillain.
Problem is, he
Dean struggles with himself, trying to dredge up the courage he needs to restart his brain, but a woman in a store uniform is already ogling him with open curiosity as he stands and shakes in the doorway, and a man is coming in behind them and grumbling about them being in the way as he pushes past, and a little kid is tugging at her mother’s sleeve, pointing at him with a high pitched question on her lips –
before Hell burned to the ground – he really does look devastated. And for a moment, Dean thinks about what he might be like if Cas had found him a year earlier. Two years. Five. Thinks about what he would be like if Cas had been his first
Cas didn’t seem to agree, though. He’d listened to Dean’s words instead of his body, and Dean’s insanely grateful for that. Now, he’s that much more comfortable here, because he knows that the alpha can and
It’s a good thing that he doesn’t, Dean thinks. It’s just more proof that Cas is good, that he doesn’t have an innate sense of how to dominate and subjugate. That he doesn’t already know how a slave is supposed to act.
After a while, the primal urge in the back of his brain fades, as does his half-mast erection. He swallows, fastens the bandana around his face more securely, and returns to the bedroom.
“Dean,” Castiel says slowly, his eyes still locked on the alpha’s. As he stares, the man drops his gaze, slowly turns his chin to the side. Swallows. He’s
“I think we engaged in quite the feedback loop, just now,” he says, his smile not quite suppressed as he props himself up on his elbow. “I’m not sure how you feel, but
Then he’d grown some friggin’ cajones, leaned over, and rested his head against the side of the alpha’s knee.
Slowly, carefully, Castiel pours some of the body wash onto his hand, lathering it into the cloth. It’s the same brand he uses – hopefully it will smell familiar to Dean. Comforting. But the omega tenses when he touches the cloth to his back, sucking in a sharp breath.
“Look at me,” the alpha commands.
Again, there’s a flare of something ugly and
ease over time, but would always be there. He kinda wishes that Missouri had lied to him, honestly, because the fact that he’s gonna miss Dean like this forever kinda makes him want to pick up a whiskey bottle from last night and drain whatever’s left in it.
Running away. He feels like he’s running away.
“She is,” Sam agrees, surprised. “She, uh. She really is. Better than anyone I know, that’s for damn sure.”
with it.
“Shouldn’t have lied–” he begins to mumble, already back to timid deference, and Castiel doesn’t want that at all.
“I don’t understand,” he says carefully, trying to hide the scent of his own anxiety so he doesn’t ramp Dean’s up any more. “What’s going on? Why are you–”
Wants to stay with these books and these soft rugs and these warm blankets, wants to stay with Castiel’s safe scent and gentle silence and strange kindness.
Castiel wants to argue. Wants to tell Dean that there is simply no reality in which that is the case. But he’d be lying if he claimed he hadn’t had doubts of his own along the very same lines.
But he’s never gonna get it if he doesn’t. He’s never going to understand that Sam shouldn’t have to deal with him. He’s never going to understand that
On the screen, a silent preview of the film is playing. A woman with
Cas smiles uncertainly. “Is that a yes?”
have I been...?” he asks, strangled, his tone edging a little closer to mortification with every word.
name on his neck. No, the collars he’s had before had either been blank, impersonal symbols, or had been embossed with his
anyway
Dean stares up at him silently, his eyes blank. Castiel wonders if he understood the question. “Dean?”
Dean’s hand shakes. He can feel Castiel’s hand underneath his. Warm and strong and safe. Waiting for him. Always waiting for him.
be made vulnerable. Kick a man in his jewels, and he’s down for the count, too, but you don’t see that being glorified as men’s
With a sharp, hitching sob, he presses into the alpha’s hand. Feels the anchor of his touch. Takes shuddering breath after shuddering breath. And Cas keeps petting him. He can’t even call it anything else, because that’s
hard for your brain to walk it back and switch gears into comfort mode. Almost impossible, especially since you ain’t really used to that alpha aggression.”
want to be doing this, he’s here anyway. Because this is not about him. This is about the enslaved man that has had his life cut apart, excised, and documented coldly on the paper in the file next to him.
because he can’t stomach the thought of being in a chair…
Castiel furrows his brow. “It’s no excuse.”
” she says, with a dramatic, dreamy sigh, fluttering her lashes at him. “Well, little old me wouldn’t want to stand in the way of a good deed. Let me just call up to let ‘em know you’re coming, yeah?”
Castiel stomach sinks to the floor as he replays Dean’s frantic words, smells the sorrow in his scent that is here even now. That crack in his voice had been
himself when he sees Sam’s stupendous, overwhelming joy flicker and falter, sees him skid to a stop a foot away from him, his arms limp at his sides.
“We are going home now,” he says, when he can speak without wanting to vomit or choke someone. “Just as soon as you can stand up. Take your ti–”
when he’s getting fucked, because he’d tried to claw out the goddamned
still afraid, and now he’s desperate not to be because Castiel wishes for it. Too late, he realizes that voicing his desire for Dean to leave his fear behind might be considered cruel – the omega clearly wants nothing more than to follow his orders, but Castiel has asked him for something that is currently nigh on impossible.
There is so
When they finally make it to his room, they stand in front of the bed for a moment. Dean stares at the mattress like it’s a live crocodile.
know how to convince him that he…
and–”
Charlie asks incredulously. “I’ve never even seen you
He wonders how Sam would feel, seeing him like this. How he’d react to Dean be guided around with a hand around his waist like a damsel in distress. He’d probably laugh.
it,” he says waspishly, and Sam blinks at him, surprised. “I didn’t think
Dean nods miserably, his eyes still screwed shut, and Castiel swallows. “Okay. I’m going to set you down on the chair, alright?”
Castiel insists, cutting him off. “You were a
There’s a hand on his, warm and heavy, and Dean looks up sharply. Cas’s eyes are soft.
As always, thank you all for your kind reviews. You've got no idea what it means to me to be able to read all your feedback. I know this chapter won't get many comments because it's a two-parter posted on the same day, but please! If there's anything here that jumps out to you, I'd love to hear about it :) Happy reading!
She turns that same eyebrow on Castiel, her tone booking no nonsense. “The whole ‘omega in heat sends the room of alphas into rut’ bullshit is
a thought. He shakes his head.
to hurt you.”
“Do you know his name?”
It had nearly cost them everything. And then he’d blamed what had happened on Dean not a minute later. Had snatched away the only comfort that Dean has been able to depend on in
it. The kid had been too full of fire and intelligence to be anything short of amazing now. He’d been smarter than Dean by far, even as young as he’d been. That alpha fire and competitive nature had developed in him
For a while, as he sits against the wall in the security booth, hugging his knees and watching the flickering screens, Dean’s only coherent thought is that Sammy is too fucking tall.
that, knowing how he’d feel about it), mixed with the warm, happy scent of baking bread and fresh herbs. He’d teased Sam about how he’d be
Dean gets a hold of himself. Forces his legs to walk forward. He spots Claire across the room and makes a bee-line toward her, avoiding looking at the man again.
He stiffens, turns toward Cas with dark suspicion on his face.
the man’s teeth grow sharp, would swear that, just for a moment, his eyes go entirely black. Like a
Dean closes his eyes. Sucks in a tight breath, and fights down a wave of dizzying sadness that threatens to make him start bawling all over again. He doesn’t want to cry anymore. That shit is
Dean from. There’d been no one in the room but them.
“Save it,” Dean says coolly. “I know what you think of me.”
Dean’s voice is quiet. Tired. He sounds exhausted, and small, and entirely too far away.
It’s that thought that makes him get up, finally. Makes him traipse down the stairs to hide the evidence of his disobedience, scraping his food into the trash. Watching the uneaten sandwich tumble into the garbage makes him feel a little hysterical.
He smiles, just a little, and Dean swallows, waiting for the
There’s no
for that. So grateful that Sam just
Dean freezes, eyes wide, and for a moment Castiel is afraid he’s said something wrong. He opens his mouth to apologize, or backtrack, but Dean is rapidly turning a bright shade of red – flushed from the tips of his ears all the way down to his neck.
“You’re
“Are you not a fan?”
“Crowley,” John tries. No – he
of that,
“What? Sam asks, more excited than he probably should be. “What did you find?”
“I’m not… I know it seems stark,” he says, ducking his head as he pours a bottle of water into the little keurig. “I’ve just… never felt the need to decorate.”
Then his scent is a hell of a lot sharper.
His breath catches in his chest.
Dean complains, his voice muffled, and with a sniff Castiel finally lets go. Dean leans away from him, a frown and the beginnings of a complaint on his face, but when he catches sight of Castiel’s expression he falters. “What’s going on? Are you okay?”
“You absolutely don’t have to use that,” she says, setting it down on the floor
“They have cut you down in ways I can’t even begin to understand,” his master says softly, and Dean swallows, face flushing in shame at how right he is, “and I’m so sorry for that. But the things that got you punished in their households will
Castiel shakes his head. “Offering you a place to sleep is common decency, not me being gracious.”
way he can come up with that doesn’t sound utterly pathetic. But he wants to get better. And Benny had said this would help.
Cas knows that it’s
He feels raw, exposed. Like a live fucking wire, like he’s just been
Dean makes a frustrated noise, a familiar expression of self depreciation snaking across his face, and shakes his head. “Most of the time, I don’t mind you sitting next to me. In fact, I appreciate the hell out of it. But…” He chews on his words for a moment. “Sometimes, I
Luckily, he is – he’d gone shopping just a couple days before. He nods. “I’ll be sure Alfie checks up on you two in a few days,” Balthazar says, standing up and brushing his hands off on his pants. When he offers Castiel a hand up, he takes it gratefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
It hadn’t been often that John let slaves get away. And even though Dean often took the brunt of John’s rage and frustration when he came home without a bounty, he could never find it in himself to be anything but desperately relieved. Both for the nameless slave that had gotten away, and at the thought that his dad had,
Horror punches him in the gut when he understands the significance of the position that Dean has dropped into. Head on the carpet as he kneels, hands locked behind his back, legs spread apart. He’s not making a single sound, immeasurably worse than the pleading had been, terror rolling off of him in waves that make Castiel want to vomit.
Dean ducks his head. “Want you in there, though,” he mumbles, his blush darkening, and for a moment, Castiel waits silently, firmly ignoring the puffed up peacock strutting around in his chest. But Dean chews on his words for a little too long, and Castiel starts to suspect that there’s more to his hesitance than the complication his brother represents.
“Dean?”
Dean has nothing to say to that, mostly because it feels like Cas just jammed a javelin into his gut. The alpha looks apologetic even as he speaks. “I simply don’t want you to... misunderstand my intentions. Those things are to make you comfortable, and are
There’s something like a choking noise over the line, and Dean frowns. “Dude? Are you good?”
He presses his hands to his eyes and takes in a slow, shaky breath.
Dean looks away, avoiding his eyes. “Alphas don’t sit on the floor,” he mumbles, clearly uncomfortable that he’s having to spell it out for him
“You’re welcome to join me, if you’d like.”
Neither of them have said it, but Sam’s got a feeling that what he’d done at Berkeley has followed him all the way here. It’s probably part of the reason that he’s not gotten any call-backs.
Cas watched the door for a moment before looking back at Dean, his eyes just as intense as usual. “Hey handsome,” Dean said, letting a light, teasing tone slip into his voice. “Long day at work?” He reached over his head and pulled off his filthy henley, letting it drop unceremoniously to the tiled floor.
“I know,” Sam laughs shakily. “I know. It doesn’t seem… it doesn’t seem real.”
it numbly, not sure what else to say. But Balthazar’s responses are quick, like he’d expected Dean to reply that way and has been preparing an argument.
“Nope.”
– drunkenly and blindly shoved him away, hard enough that Sam had hit the ground with tears already in his eyes. That sight – Sammy curled on the tile, a tiny pile of collateral damage under his father’s towering rage – would haunt Dean’s nightmares for the rest of his life.
“Haven’t I told you not to read our minds?” he griped, but there was no heat to it. It was clear that his words had brought Scott some much needed peace of mind. “Scott, don’t stop on our account. If my kid was half as smart as you I’d hope they’d
“You always smell so
He hopes not. He hopes that Dean’s knee-jerk reaction would have mirrored the one from before breakfast – a gentle sort of forgiveness, an awkward laugh or two thrown in to make light of what could have been a very serious, very
One where Cas could free him in what looks like a couple of
“His last master
And then, without meaning to, he brushes a finger over Dean’s nape – and
TW - Discussion of the kidnapping and forced prostitution of a minor. It does not happen, but it is discussed in somewhat sick detail by a sick person. I have not written anything graphic, but it is very clear what he's talking about.
course only in name, as he found out. Essentially, the class had boiled down to two messages: Keep Your Legs Together, and, somewhat conversely, Get Mated And Knocked-Up ASAP. He’d skipped that fucking nightmare of a period more than any other, still raw from presenting just the year before. Still rankling at being an omega at
Sam bites his lip. “I didn’t know he was safe,” he says, swallowing. “Didn’t know he’d have anyone protecting him.”
you to sit up there. I need to
“We can never have children, Dean,” Cas explained slowly, like Dean
and find out. But he won’t. He’s already crossed that line once, and the bitter feeling lingering in his chest will not be given room to grow by a second crossing. From now on, if Dean wants to reach his family, he will do so at his own pace. In his own time. Whenever he feels ready. Whenever he feels brave.
Castiel strokes his hand up and down Dean’s warm, soft body, fingertips running over the ridges of the scars on his back even through his shirt. He thinks he knows what the man’s getting at – that he wishes they’d met under less complicated circumstances. That there was nothing in the way.
“Come on. It’s not that bad,” Dean said sympathetically. Cas looked up in time to see him glance over his shoulder. “You’re - just a little dusty. Wish you’d told me you had real wings earlier. I thought they were just shadows.” The hint of amusement was jarring, because Cas was much closer to crying than to laughing.
“You’re safe,” Castiel murmurs again. This time, Dean hears him.
An unsure smile flickers to life on the alpha’s face, and Dean thanks all there is to thank that his lie doesn’t somehow leach into his scent.. “You mean…”
Dean looks much too exposed as he stands in the middle of the room, his arms wrapped around his waist after Hannah helps him remove his jacket. To her credit, she’s professional – she doesn’t manhandle him and is cheerful and chatty as she works, not perturbed in the least when he struggles to answer her friendly questions. It doesn’t appear to bother her that Dean leaves his long sleeves down, that he can’t seem to look her in the eye; she doesn’t even blink when she moves up to his neck to take a measurement and he flinches back, hand wrapping around the scarf as he pales. She just smoothly moves on to his waist and legs, the cloth tape measure hovering just above the omega’s skin.
“Is it… me?” he asks after a while, clearing his throat. “I mean, like. I know it makes you all…” he makes a vague fluttery motion with his hand, “when I’m nervous. I didn’t mean to...”
The omega
into his pale freckled skin, and swallowed him down without hesitation. Dean gasped, flinging his arms out for
Castiel is already awake when Dean finally pulls himself out of the warm shower and moves downstairs. He’s at the kitchen table, reading the newspaper, already dressed for the day save for his socked feet – right down to a blue tie. For once, Dean doesn’t hesitate before he steps closer to the alpha and drops down to his knees.
someone.
He likes her even more when she sticks out her hand for him to shake, smiling at him with crinkled brown eyes. “Call me Bess,” she says warmly.
The words make a hysterical laugh lurch out of him. “
Dean shook his head. “Shame. Spent your whole damn life in Ohio? No one should live like that,” he decided, smiling when he managed to pull a laugh from the kid. “What say you to some sightseeing?”
Kid like that… half his personality was probably formed around taking care of
“Don’t… don’t make this seem like something small,” he says, a little bit angry as he gestures at the spread in front of him, at his clothes, at the fact that he’s able to eat and stand and look him in the eye and just
But rather than make some pussy-foot excuse about not feeling comfortable about the idea, Dean aims for dismissive – he shrugs again, a little angrily this time around. “Talk about what? That I don’t understand how being an omega is supposed to work?”
Castiel is
Cas blinks. Once, twice. His eyes are a little watery, and his scent is all over the place – confused, and a little overwhelmed, and maybe even a tiny bit pleased. “Okay, Dean,” he says softly. He sort of laughs, sniffing a little, and Dean feels his heart do a weird little flutter. “I apologize.”
me. I just… didn’t have the energy to… figure out what I wanted.” Castiel feels those words like a stab. But Dean doesn’t let him dwell on it. “I needed a push. Thank you.”
I don’t
been able to be that – not when he first entered the trade, not when he was purchased and returned and purchased again. Not even under Alastair. Sure, he’d had his weak moments. He’d broken a few times, had given in just to make the pain stop. But right up until Hell had been blown to smithereens, he’d been resisting. Fighting back.
Dean shakes his head, his voice still caught in a mousetrap somewhere in his brain.
Castiel furrows his brow. “Apologize for what, precisely?”
“Not well. Though I think you may have noticed that already.”
“You’re okay with it?” he checks, eyes searching Dean’s. “You understand why I… why
not the one who’s running hot enough to bake a goddamn cake.”
He grips his hair. Listens to the sounds of traffic, passing them by. “I’m sorry.”
It’s the first thing that Dean’s said in quite a while, and it pulls Sam up short. “Oh. Yeah, I guess I didn’t mention that,” he says, and watches as the corners of Dean’s eyes tighten almost imperceptibly. “She, uh. She presented at like, 13, I think? A little late.”
he pays Dean, the tighter Dean gets wound up.
I felt in that moment. And it… it became
He figures that she dealt with enough of his shit for him to owe her this, at the very least. A phone call shouldn’t be making his palms sweaty, but it is. It’ll be the first he’s made since he was sixteen years old.
at the back of Dean’s hand. Something
There are so many things that sit unspoken between them. Dean really doesn’t have the energy to unpack
crisis on top of his own. Castiel is supposed to
him. His comforting scent and touch and words. His steadying gaze. More than that, he wants Cas in an entirely
If Sam still feels like he’s seeing a ghost, Dean sees Sam as impossibly and painfully
for a free person to do. He jots something down on his clipboard, unphased with Dean’s stunned silence.
He wishes more than anything that he’d had the privilege to know Dean back then, before all of the trauma and abuse and hatred he’s experienced. Wishes that he’d been able to see Dean in his full glory, that he’d known him when he could be completely unafraid, completely himself. “I get the feeling you were quite the rebel.”
Dean freezes. Is the alpha reading his damn mind? Castiel must sense his surprise, because he smiles. “Is there a subject you’re interested in? I could look around and find those books in particular.” He rubs the back of his neck. It’s not a movement he’s seen from an alpha before – an indication that they’re unsure, or maybe even embarrassed. Dean blinks at the thought. “I’ll admit I don’t have a particularly robust organization system, so it may take me awhile.”
he’s talking about. Someone who is about to go from the worst possible circumstances to
Castiel does not really move from the bed for the rest of the afternoon, other than to use the bathroom and bolt down some dinner himself when his stomach had rumbled loud enough to wake Dean up with a start. The omega had grumpily poked at his belly until Castiel had laughed, and had shooed him out of the room to go feed himself. And he’d looked blatantly, unabashedly relieved when Castiel had returned, dropping his head into his lap with a content sigh when Castiel had sat against the wall.
First - Dean reflects on teenage attempts at prostituting himself to make ends meet (hand-jobs and oral sex). You can skip from "On worse ones, he’d let those same men take advantage of him." to "He’s received so much kindness that he doesn’t deserve." to leave out the details of that. It's nothing graphic, but it's obviously awful regardless.
and he’s snarling, sharp teeth bared; terrifying and
He makes small talk about the center with Cassie to fill the silence, watching out of the corner of his eye as Dean follows the conversation. He hasn’t asked any questions, thus far, but Balthazar can tell that he’s curious. It bodes well.
Cas gives him a real smile. “I can make use of the armchair in your room. It will be a nice built-in time to catch up on my reading, I think.” He hesitates for a second, and then adds, “And, truthfully… I’d be glad for the company as well.”
without a doubt, is going to hurt him.
I’m– I’m so sorry. I didn’t intend to–”
a cold shower. Icy water soaks him, flattens his short hair to his head. Drips off his eyelashes, snakes down his sides and makes him shiver violently, his arms wrapping around his chest on instinct alone. He hates being cold.
Sam had been too young to understand heats when Dean had left. He’d barely hit puberty himself, at the time. Dean had done his absolute best to hide them from him, both because he didn’t want to give Sam any reason to think less of him and because there was no reason for Sam to have to grow up any faster than he already had to.
“Do you know
For the first time in a long time, Dean doesn’t wake up already on his knees.
to, even when it would make Cas happy, he’d can’t pretend otherwise.
And Dean’s face crumples up, fresh tears falling from his eyes. He takes in a breath – a long, sharp gasp, like coming up for air. “I’d, um,” he says shakily, hands trembling. “I think I’d really, really like that, Cas. I’d like to stay.”
Claire just scoffs, bound and determined to be upset. She finally glances at Dean, apparently only now realizing he’s in the room, and catches him staring. “Can I
Dean grinned at him, peeking inside the bag, warmth blooming in his chest. “Did you just rob the 7-11 down the road?” he asked, fishing out the six pack… of soda. “Hey, this isn’t beer.”
in his scent.
Dean blinks, glancing down at them. “Who? Cas?”
The omega blows a laugh out of his nose, wipes his face with a shaking hand. Looks across the room at the dark television, his eyes flicking around at nothing as he puts his thoughts together. Castiel dares not interrupt him.
Claire narrows her eyes at him, studying him closely. Maybe for weak points – Dean can’t be entirely sure. He stays relaxed, letting her inspect him.
Cassie has his back to him when he finally sidles into the kitchen, but he gestures vaguely to a familiar, empty mug near the full pot of coffee. Balthazar fills up what had become
was an achievement.
he might be the type of alpha that could work in a place like this.
be ashamed of themselves as he can get.
Dean can only nod at that – it’s hard to argue with logic that Cas is parroting directly from
you think I’m upset over
one, but he does shake his head. “I’m not going to feed you gruel, Dean. If there’s ever something you don’t like or don’t want you can absolutely tell me and we’ll work around it, but I refuse to treat you like… like you’re an animal,” he finishes carefully, wondering how Dean will take that.
When he touches Dean’s wrist, he
your fault. You were only a
scares people,
He sighs and gathers the dishes, dumping them in the sink to be dealt with tomorrow. He’d gone out to buy clothes yesterday, not sure what to expect but knowing Dean would have absolutely nothing to his name, and he goes to retrieve them now.  They’re all simple, just sweatpants and henleys and hoodies in dark colors, all made of the softest materials he could find. They’ll be big on the omega, he realizes now, but at least the pants have drawstrings.
“Can I trust that you will not go running out of the building as soon as you are given the opportunity?” Castiel asks carefully. “Because I’d like Balthazar to be able to step outside of the room for a moment.”
Every window downstairs is thrown open, every candle he owns is lit. It’s not enough to rid the house of Dean’s scent entirely, but it
“I don’t wanna talk about it,” Dean blurts, looking down at the tea in his hands so he doesn’t have to look his brother in the eye. “Ain’t no point, kid. That part of my life is over.”
“Good morning, Castiel,” she greets warmly. “How’s Dean?”
“Castiel.”
He’s a rabbit and his master is the hawk. Hopeless prey that already knows it’s been spotted, food for a bird that’s too keen to be fooled by camouflage and far too close to outrun. He cowers into the weeds and hides anyway – what else is a rabbit supposed to do?
Dean takes a breath. “Do you have a radio, or somethin’? Just… thought it’d be nice to have some music,” he says, feeling weirdly shy about the request. He’s still not used to being able to ask for things. Still not used to feeling safe enough to want things like this at all.
Cas isn’t even gone for an hour before Dean basically loses his mind.
For Cas, he’ll try. Or at least
When Dean finally speaks, his voice is hoarse.
“You don’t smell mated. Lucky for both of us, ain’t it?”
reason not to do so, yeah? And he’s my best friend. My brother. Has been, really, for nigh on a decade.”
I want to be good. I want to stay here.”
fills the air until Castiel has to stifle a groan in return. “I
The question is plain, no force behind it. For the first time, Dean wonders if Castiel actually
car. He had thought that Balthazar would insist on him leaving the Impala at the center – had
to him over Sam’s misunderstanding on the drive over, his words low and tense in the din of the cafeteria. “I wouldn’t have gone through the sordid song and dance, had I known who the hell he
The sun is beating down bright and hard, and Sam feels some of his sadness begin to slink back into the shadows – at least for now. It’s a beautiful day, and he’s determined to enjoy it as best as he can.
Dean. Caring for him in the same desperate,
Balthazar had laughed. “Pamela and I are both busy, Cassie, and I know you’re probably running short on things to feed the kid at this point. Tran is just coming as an errand boy, no need to get huffy about it.”
“This is your shirt,” Dean replies, forgetting for a moment why that’s supposed to be embarrassing. He’s got just enough awareness to know that he’s
The rejection stings like a slap. Worse. Dean can’t help but swallow. Wonder what
“Hmph,” she intones, noncommittal, but Dean can sense that she’s mostly messing with him. “Alright. You let me know when you’d like to come up,” she says, not really asking.
“Dean, I
“And you think omegas are?” he asks, his tone as nonjudgmental as always.
“That’s not what I meant, Dean. Not at all. I know you would never ask for something like that.” His voice is low, painful to listen to. “It was an awful thing to say. I’m so sorry. I do
“Balthazar,” Castiel bites. “Let me see.”
But, God, wanting
He hadn’t been nearly convincing enough. The longer he’d lain there, the worse the hollow feeling in his chest had gotten. He’d folded in on himself and had breathed through his mouth, had squeezed his eyes shut against the lingering scent of Cas in his room. Had tried his level best to ignore the twisting emptiness inside of him, had tried to control the full body shivers that had wracked his frame.
He rushes forward, huge and intense and
Guilt nipping at him already, he answers the phone. “... Hey, Bobby…”
“I-” Dean started, unused to anyone seeing through him so easily. “It's... been a night.”
of trust, and Dean’s stupid, traitorous,
Castiel shakes his head, scooting and sliding his other arm around so that he’s got Dean tucked against his chest more firmly. He doesn’t like the guilt that’s crept into Dean’s tone, and he likes the shame even less. “I’m glad I’m here now.”
This is different than it’s been before. Dean is not
On some level, Dean knows he’s being fucking stupid. Knows there’s no point in snapping and snarling at a man who seems to genuinely want to help him. But anger is an emotion he’s familiar with, one he feels easily, and even though so much has been taken from him he still has this. So he can’t pull down the walls he’s erected, even though on some level he realizes that he needs to.
It sort of reminds Dean of a hospital. A little smaller, maybe – just two or three stories, from what he can see. But the structure itself seems to go far back into the trees, and Dean knows he’s not getting the full picture.
has in his arms?
He’d underestimated the man’s intelligence and
1) I'm sorry.
He sighs, staring out into the woods.
Dean stares at him for a half second like he doesn’t understand, his expression unsettlingly blank. But the emotion that snaps in to fill the void is not relief, as Castiel had half expected – instead, it is raw fear, and he drops his hands like he’s afraid Castiel will beat him if he doesn’t. He probably
to do. Do or die. And despite all the shit he’s been through, Dean can pretty confidently say that he doesn’t want to die.
, not really by him personally – which means that he rarely interacts with them at all before they earn their freedom, and oftentimes not even after that. Even the overflow cases they’ve had recently at least get the benefit of being housed with beta and omega staff members.
The awkward pats to the shoulder after an emotional conversation, as if it would make things more lighthearted than they were.
would have been caught dead doing anything like that – never mind that Dean hadn’t exactly been enjoying it. Never mind that he’d puked his guts out after his first attempt at sucking someone off, never mind that he’d gone back the next night anyway because Sam was
He can hear Dean’s breathing, now – sharp and erratic, like he’s being chased. He stays crouched against the cabinet, frozen still, and it’s all Castiel can do not to pull him to his feet. But that would be a bad,
God, he is in
, of all people? Dean was the poster child for unfixable issues
Sam wakes to bright sunlight slanting straight into his face. From downstairs, he can hear the sounds of muffled cursing and bacon sizzling.
He’s not gonna get in trouble. He’s not.
He tosses and turns for a while before he gives up. Perhaps a quick look in on Dean will help him settle. So, ignoring a slightly guilty conscience, he rolls out of his bed and stumbles into his robe, climbing the stairs as quietly as he can. He pauses in front of Dean’s door, listening until he’s sure there’s silence inside. Tries and fails to convince himself not to peek in on him, knowing that it would probably be considered creepy to do so and being just tired enough not to care.
she adds, tongue-in-cheek, “Mr. I-Practice-Law.”
Blinking rapidly, Castiel tries to back away from what is beginning to feel like Balthazar’s roundabout, gruff forgiveness. He doesn’t deserve it. “He needs space.”
“Better than being a fuckin’ doormat!”
“The couch is very comfortable. You could nap there.”
Cas rolls up to a guard booth. An actual, literal
Sam hardly hears him. He’s running his eyes over everything he can, trying to soak up as much as possible in the spare seconds he’s got. He takes in the welcome desk and the guarded looking woman behind it, who’s staring at him with open suspicion. The halls branch off and lead to places like
He curls forward, presses his hands around his ribs like it will keep his pain inside of him. It fights its way out anyway, his words slowing as he goes like he’s already losing steam, losing the righteous anger that allowed him to speak in the first place. “I mean, come on.
to treat me, how everyone
“Yes, that’s what you said
really a slave, even though he very much still is, he gets this squirmy, nervous feeling inside of him. A sixth-sense sort of tingling, the same one that told him when there was someone behind him in the dark, or that the pair of eyes across the bar were less than friendly, or that his dad was a little drunker than he seemed.
He can’t see why his master would remove his collar. Can’t
He hopes so. The last thing the alpha needs is to smell
that way – because Balthazar smirks. “Of course, we get the odd one out who gives us trouble. Who thinks they’d be better off free. Thing is,” he continues, looking back and forth conspiratorially as though they are sharing a joke, “they know where they’ll end up if they protest
Castiel closes his eyes. “It’s his choice, Bal.”
“Okie-dokie, kiddo. What’s next?”
for it, and I cannot…”
The alpha scoops a cup full of oats into the water and stirs them around – counter clockwise for three long, slow turns, clockwise for two. Then over again. “I just mean that I don’t expect you to answer every question I ask simply because I ask it.”
“You mean... you actually
He has unquestionably broken Dean’s trust by doing so.
Dean’s eyes flash, the anger returning to his scent like the lash of a whip. And Castiel is prepared to deal with it, to work with it, but the anger isn’t directed at him. Dean seems to be livid with
He lets his eyes wander. Near the entrance of the dining hall, there’s a weird little display taking up a ton of space, from the ceiling to about three-quarters down the wall. It takes him a second to make sense of what he’s seeing.
“What do you want to do?”
“But–”
From day one, John had made it clear that it was Dean’s responsibility to protect Sam from the dangers of the world. And at first, Dean had believed that meant that he and his dad would work
Castiel snorts. “I was going to say
Turning on the television, he switches the input to his Netflix account and hands the remote to Dean. The omega takes it with a familiar exasperated look, but he starts scrolling through the choices anyway. This, at the very least, is a routine they’ve become familiar with thanks to his heat – Dean knows good and well that Castiel rarely has a preference. Knows that if Castiel
to touch himself nearly as much as he
,” he says carefully. The omega looks back up at him blankly. “I was angry with Pamela for implying that I would want to hurt you. Angry that other people
me against the people I was running
“I…” Castiel swallows. He doesn’t want to say it, because if he tells Balthazar what happened, all his fears will be confirmed. It will be out there, for all to know, that he’s just another alpha. Just another untrustworthy, mindless, sex-driven
He’d been, to put it lightly, horrified.
she’s on heat suppressants, and maybe even a mild scent blocker – he can still pick up on the chili flake fury that’s filling the room.
not even sure he wants that, not really. But if Cas thinks he deserves it, maybe he does.
Except he can’t even make himself try.
Castiel cannot say that he’s ever loved before. He has cared for people, yes. He loves Gabriel in a factual, familial sort of way, even with the distance between them. But he has never felt this sort of ache, before – this sort of pull. This sense that, with Dean by his side, everything in the world is just a little bit softer and brighter than before.
“You pissed at me?”
He can feel Cas getting stiff beside him, and Pamela seems to notice too. “This would be a great time for you to leave, Novak. You’re stinking up the whole wing.”
Dean’s tone is a little more defensive than he’d like it to be. “No. I… we went out a few days ago,” he says, as if that’s really a shining example of him being able to handle himself. He figures that must mean Cas didn’t tell her – Dean remembers him saying that he talked to Balthazar about the whole thing, but he’s not sure who else knows.
in his tone. Something like a warning.
“I thought I was gonna die, Cas.”
“Dean, are you–”
Dean picks up and begins to unwrap one at random. Taking a quick peek inside the bread, he folds the paper down properly and hands it off to Sam without hesitation. “Turkey,” he says as an explanation, when Sam raises an eyebrow at him.
Unconsciously, Castiel lets instinct take over, just as he’s done for the last few days. Before he can question himself, he wraps his hand around the back of Dean’s neck. Presses the omega closer to himself, his palm flat against the man’s nape – an even and steady pressure.
Charlie’s voice is firm over the line, no-nonsense, and Sam just barely resists the urge to growl in frustration. He kicks a can off into the yellowing grass behind Bobby’s workshop instead, and listens to it clatter against the side of a rusted out old pickup.
Castiel has no answer for him.
I thought about dividing this chapter into two, but I couldn't find a split I was happy with. So... enjoy a slightly longer than normal chapter, slightly earlier than usual!
Then the alphas had used it to control him. Had laid their heavy, hot hands there and pressed and squeezed until he was drooling and dazed and compliant, too out of it to protest. He hadn’t
He swallows. “Yes. They were.”
be here. He knows, somewhere deep inside, that there’s a damn good reason he isn’t, but he can’t remember the specifics and isn’t real motivated to try.
“Don’t
The spray is still cold when he gets in, but it doesn’t matter. He
“That sounds like a fair compromise, huh Scott?” Dean offered.
There’s a few precious minutes of peace before Cas starts to shift and wake up. Dean bites his lip, waiting for the inevitable.
Well. No one would have come at all. And the man in the file would have been left to his fate.
Grooming, once mated, was strictly the duty - the privilege - of a mate. A small fact Cas had neglected to think of in his scramble to piece together Dean’s soul and bring him to safety. It used to be easier than breathing, asking a brother or sister to groom him before the mating. In fact, they would often do it for one another
name and address on them – burn against his skin.
God, please
he’s shouting or why he’s this angry. He knows that Cas is just trying to make him feel better, but he’s
to talk to me. That something old you would have done?”
. But it seems like he’s going to stay a half second away from an emotional overload for quite a while longer.
Eventually, the simpering beta woman gets the hint, and leaves him be. He barely holds in a sigh of relief when she abruptly walks out of the room without a word, flipping her hair in distaste. But he hardly has the time to recollect himself before two handlers show up with the slave that Castiel is
“Hey, Cas?”
“We don’t
“I’ve gathered all the requirements together and it's...” Cas pauses, his eyes flicking up from the papers to look guiltily at Dean. “Extensive.”
Cas could just as easily have
The kid looked between him and Cas a few times, the cogs turning very clearly in their mind. “Are you two married?”
He’d hitched in a breath and had started walking, and Dean had wrapped his arms around his neck and held on like he had no intention of ever letting go, his face buried in Castiel’s chest. His body, still far too light, hadn’t been much for Castiel to carry, not even on the long path through the trees back toward home. And, though he’d been the one carrying Dean, he’s still not sure who had been supporting who.
to see him cry. And, in the end, when Dean was too exhausted to protest again, he’d kissed all his tears away and then taken him just the same, his hand gripping the back of his neck needlessly, like Dean wasn’t already submitting in every possible way.
is here, his dad hadn’t paid up
And then Dean leans forward, closes the last inch between them, and presses his lips to Castiel’s own.
“Please,” the omega repeats, and now Castiel can see that his eyes are red from crying, can see that Dean is holding his towel around himself with two shaking hands as though he’s afraid it will be ripped away.
The alpha swallows, looking away again. His hands move a little faster, and faster still, until they abruptly fall still. He takes a breath. “I mean that… I’d never do that, Dean. To you. I – I hope you know that,” he adds, almost desperately. His words are plaintive, his eyebrows drawn together. “I don’t desire that from you.”
When they get to the door, she hugs him, and he’s too surprised that he’s not being screamed at that he can’t do anything but wrap his arms around her and hug back. She breathes deeply, steadying herself, and then pulls away.
what he has found – to make him realize it. He loves Cas. Loves him so fucking much that it hurts.
“You have been through hell and back again, more times than any man should. And it has
And he steps out of the room.
“Dean is… he has been through a lot,” Castiel explains slowly, well aware of the man’s eyes on his back as he starts up the stairs. “He’s healing, but –”
isn’t even sure what he wants.
order Dean around,” Novak interrupts stiffly.
shouldn’t be where he draws the line in the proverbial sand. He can tell that Cas wants this – the dude is probably getting stir crazy, locked up in the house with only him for company for the last couple of months. He owes it to the man to agree, to reward Cas’s hopeful look with an attempt to act
“And,
“I did not,” he answers simply. “I am frankly surprised that the local eateries have not put up missing posters.”
“Stress cooking?”
There’s even more silence between them, presumably as they calm themselves down. Castiel can’t imagine how difficult that must be – so much furious emotion crammed into one room, fear and fury twisting and tangling together.
They’d stayed out all day, having as much fun as Dean could afford –
Thanks to those of you who are still commenting even though I literally am the WORST at replying. I swear to you that I read everyone one, cry over several a day, and hold them all dear to my heart. If you want to scream at me more personally (and guarantee that I will respond) join the Discord fam. We have a great time there - it's become such an amazing community of like minded writers and SPN fans and talented people in general.
His uncle’s voice sharpens. “You know that ain’t true, son.”
The reference appears to go right over Dean’s head, because his face doesn’t even twitch. Castiel sighs - of course, the first time in his life he’s managed to make a pop culture reference, and it doesn’t even help. “You can still ask me for anything you need, Dean. I mean that.” He stands, stretches, tries to cover the hurt he’s feeling. It’s irrational, since he brought this on himself. “I’ll be in my office most of the time.”
He’s well aware that Dean has been trying to hide his distress over the last few days. And, far too late, he’s realizing what that means – that Dean has not been able to work through the whole spectrum of his feelings. That Dean has been muting himself for Castiel’s sake, and has not
you?”
again.
“He’s an alpha, and he was furious,” Castiel reminds him softly.
but he repeats it. Sam needs to hear it. “He wouldn’t look me in the eye for days. Wouldn’t call me by my name for
even if they never seem to turn out in his father’s favor.
He’s asleep within a minute.
you.”
“Kevin,” Castiel says gently, interrupting his nervous spiraling. “I am not your boss. Just Castiel is fine.”
Cas draws him in closer, and Dean follows his guiding hand easily, sighing as the alpha wraps his arms around him. They sit like that for a while, until Dean doesn’t feel like he needs to bolt anymore.
He’s never seen an alpha so vulnerable. Never been in a position where he didn’t feel the need to take
his shaking fingers causing him to have to backspace and edit his search twice. Castiel is frozen with anticipation, excited to
Conversely, Cas knows a lot about Dean, if only through the dynamics of their relationship. He knows how many times Dean has run away and been caught, knows what he’s been trained to do, has seen the documentation of the worst injuries and the worst days of his life. He’s seen the sheer number of owners Dean’s had, knows he sold
He knows that Balthazar is afraid that’s exactly what would happen to Dean, if Castiel decided to send him away - even just to the center itself. At this point, Castiel isn’t sure it wouldn’t.
getting my hopes up.”
memory, one of the few he has of his dad that is untainted by the fury and hatred that had, like rot, slowly overtaken the man. Feelings that had only seemed to accelerate when Dean had presented, not long after that day behind the wheel.
He misses them. He misses them like he breathes
He drops into his office chair and boots up the computer, tapping his fingers on the desk as he waits. “Sam?”
He’s about to stand up when hand shoots out and grabs his wrist.
“At any rate, I’m going to mark it down as a good thing that you still want him around,” Pamela says wryly, patting him on the shoulder. She steps back and lets them both enter, jerking her head toward a stool for Cas to stay sequestered on. He retreats gamely, folding his hands in his lap.
Don't forget to let me know what you thought! I am pathetically behind on replying to comments, but please know that 1) I WILL reply to you as soon as I can and 2) I read (and re-read, and re-re-read) and cherish every single one, especially those of you who take the time to analyze and break down what's going on between our two resident idiots. <3 you all dearly! See you again (with any luck at all) on Sunday :)
taking up almost half the plastic card. He feels the absurd urge to touch it.
From an outside glance, it might seem like Cas is
and pretty soon Crowley is gonna have Sammy if he doesn’t do something right
Foreheads pressed together, they just pause for a moment. Breathe together.
Castiel pulls on a pair of sweatpants and the first t-shirt he touches, tosses his wet towel over the door, and takes the stairs two at a time, tying his mask back over his face as he goes. He’s a little afraid to push the door all the way open, but he shoves down his fear and does it anyway.
“Yes,” the angel said bluntly.
Sam rolled his eyes. “The only thing you’re covered in is your own sweat. You smell like a high school locker room.”
The omega hesitates, but he does what he’s told. Head bowed low, his hands clenched around the blanket that’s still folded around his shoulders, he pauses in front of Castiel for a long moment. Then, he drops back to his knees and
Still feeling that curious lack of panic, Dean stares him down. He tightens his hand around the fabric. “And
I'mma stop rambling. On to the chapter!
Dean can’t make himself look.
have agreed to,” he reminded him, shaking his head. “I don’t even remember most of what happened near the end. I was… too far gone,” he said stiffly, looking away. “Whatever you did, I’m sure it was necessary to keep me from trying to… to kill you, or whatever. I doubt I was stoked about the idea of a rescue mission, by that point.”
His silence lasts too long, and Dean’s voice gets even more choked in the meantime. “I… I don’t…” he tries, trailing off. He takes a breath. “I don’t know what to
“Did he appear to be afraid of your actions?”
“Except with Dean,” Sam amends. He sounds more tired than angry. It seems that the fight has finally drained out of him, and now he’s looking for the facts.
But he shakes his head. “No. I… Can we try again? Maybe somewhere a little… less?”
Sam’s anger had grown like thorns, right there in
, exactly like he’s been taught, exactly like he’s always done. But that won’t work here. He has no other
“Here we are,” Dean said, swinging a hand out to present the lake. In the gentle glow of the moonlight he somehow looked softer, less worn down by life. He looked touchable. Cas shoved his hands into his pockets, because the other option - reaching out and tugging Dean to his chest - was unacceptable. Was not allowed.
him?”
But this time, there are only soft impressions in his mind, outlines of sounds and shapes and colors. It scares him, at first, that gap in his memory, the fuzzy feeling of the alpha’s touch and rumbling words. Frustrated, he rubs a hand on his face, on the back of his neck, and –
She nods at that and pulls a few more bottles from her bag. “These are for possible infection and these are to deal with any STIs – your paperwork from the auction-house says you don’t have any, but I think we’re better off safe than sorry, especially because there’s no specific mention of your abdominal scarring on it. I want you to take one of each every day with a full meal.”
he – he might as well make it as obvious as he can that he’s not in Hell when he wakes up. No better way to do that than this, other than maybe sleeping next to Cas.
“You are stubborn,” Castiel finishes calmly. Dean flinches as if the word is a physical blow, but Castiel isn’t done. “And that’s not a
Dean doesn’t understand that – how else would the residents move on, after being rehabilitated? – but he doesn’t push. Instead, he glances at Cas. “Why does she call you Clarence?”
It is strange, Dean thinks, to hear his name said so often. He has not been referred to by his actual name in so many years that it’s a wonder he hasn’t forgotten it. Alastair had called him all sorts of things, none of which made him feel as though he were human, and thinking about his former master’s nasally, cruel voice makes him suddenly sick. The sandwich on his plate looks unappealing, blurring around the edges as he blinks back tears that make no sense to him.
The alpha tips his head up slowly, gently, and peers into his face, appraising him silently. Dean forces himself to meet the alpha’s eyes after a beat. The dark, serious look he sees there should really make him laugh, considering the circumstances. It doesn’t, though. Instead, it makes something near his stomach tighten like a coil.
haven’t you? Nursing a bit of a fantasy?”
capacity like the type of alpha that Dean is familiar with.
the man, and can’t stomach the thought of disappointing him. Not when he knows how much Cas wants this.
(See the end of the chapter for
They sit there long enough that Dean can’t help but laugh at how ridiculous this is, how ridiculous
“Son…”
He pauses.
God. What part of that is your fault?”
Dean feels a smile tugging at his face, feels his chest lighten. Cas had only told him the same thing about fifty times before he left after dinner, and Dean’s gotta wonder if the alpha is just as interested in his company as Dean is interested in his, considering what time it is.
The alpha just squeezes his hand, his scent swirling with sadness a tinge of anger. For the first time, Dean wonders what his childhood might have been like with someone like Cas watching his back. Dean hadn’t had a single friend, by the end – he doesn’t count Sammy, because Sammy was obligated to him as his brother. But he thinks Cas might have been one, given the chance.
Dean reaches up to fiddle with his tags again, his eyes cutting away. He looks even smaller than he had before. “Right.”
Castiel blinks. This… is not how these types of conversations usually go. Usually, Bal will jump into some non-sequitur, will crack a joke or an insult. Will do everything he can to avoid the heavy subject that Castiel is tentatively trying to set on the table. “Really?” he asks blankly.
He sounds so painfully young. And really, he is – though Dean has experienced a
“And I haven’t?” Balthazar growls, his voice deadly serious. “If
“I know. I’m scared, too,” he reassures. “Nothing happens without your permission, Dean. Nothing.”
Pulling away from Cas should be easy. Should be the only thing he wants to do, knowing that he’s hurting the alpha like he is. But he can’t. He’s just so
“Is he even still
“Apologies,” Cas finally says, a little smile on his face. “I’ll admit I’m not really used to this odd alpha obsession with scenting.”
confusion, Cas cocks his head to the side. He situates the jacket around Dean a little more firmly, glancing at the zipper like he’s considering doing it up for him too. “To
Sam laughs. The sound is bitter. “No, of course not. He was on a fuckin’ bender when I left, so I had a head start, but once he figured out I was gone and
After a few seconds, Bobby’s patience is gone. “Damn crank callers,” he mutters, and then the line goes dead.
Sam looks up at him with something raw in his eyes, and for a moment, past the bluster and the threats, all Castiel can see is Dean’s baby brother. His
He has to wonder what Dean’s life might have been like if he’d never become a slave. Who he could have been.
That’s not true, and they both know it. Dean shakes his head, but he’s too tired to play this game. Too tired to convince the alpha that he
By that point, Sam is so exhausted that he barely has the presence of mind to lock the car behind him before he stumbles into a cheap motel and rents a room. He probably falls asleep before his head hits the pillow.
I don’t want him to have to see me in pieces.”
“There are only two diners in this town, Dean.”
Castiel doesn’t exactly think he fits the nurturing image he’s been asked to keep up – he looks more like a homeless person, honestly, than anyone who could be trusted with the safety and the health of another human being.
have. It hurts him to think that Dean might be keeping himself from reaching out to Sam because of some misguided idea that
her?” He scoffs. “For once he was doing the
Yeah, Dean can hear him. He can’t hear anything else. He can’t even hear himself
He takes a breath, doing his best to push aside the fear that he’s doing irreparable damage to more than one relationship in his life right now. “Is he really up for this?” he asks. “He’s still underweight. I thought that omegas were supposed to be
Cas doesn’t make him explain, thank God. He just hooks his chin over Dean’s head and runs a comforting hand up and down his back, breathing slowly. “I understand.”
That Dean was that terrified of him even
were scaring me. I know I probably freaked you out earlier. I… I was kinda panicking. Not really because of
into him, of the putrid scent of an alpha’s lust. And, worst of all, it reminds him of heat sickness, of the wrenching pain in his gut, of the screaming certainty that he needed relief no matter the form.
So, he hadn’t. He’d swallowed his pride, worked to push aside his distrust, and had befriended the man instead. And, God, is he thankful he had.
in his words doesn’t scare Dean. It comforts him. Steadies him. “I’m just sayin’,” he insists, “If you’re gonna be ashamed of what
When he crouches next to Dean and puts a hand out to touch his back, he gets his answer. The omega flinches away more harshly than he has since that first night, a whimper clawing out of him, his scent jagged and
Dean just gives him a puzzled look, as though he’s not sure why Castiel is so upset. “I mean… yeah? I’d be crawling the walls right now, otherwise,” he half jokes, but when Castiel stares at him blankly he grows a little more insistent. “You calm me down. Like, all the time. So I ain’t exactly complainin’.”
The omega’s confusion deepens. “I… uh,” he stutters, clearly not sure what answer Castiel expects. “I don’t know, alpha.”
He’s panting now, breath weak and fast in his chest, and he can feel the scar across his stomach burn like Alastair put it there yesterday instead of years ago. That gnarled line should be a comfort, now, ironically – even if he hadn’t wised up, Castiel wouldn’t have been able to lure him into a pregnancy.
People communicate through scents like this all the time, mostly by accident. Hell had always smelled of
Sam braces himself. Digs his fingertips into his palms under the desk.
He doesn’t
He hops in the shower with his face burning red, little snakes of lingering fear and flames of embarrassment hot against his skin. The water is a shock to his system, cold as ice against his flushed body, and he stands in place with his arms crossed and waits for his little problem to solve itself.
“From what I understand, you went unclaimed.” He pauses, but Dean doesn’t react – he forges forward. “After a 72-hour waiting period you became a ward of the state automatically. That often happens with slaves that are found and picked up by law enforcement, but aren’t reclaimed by owners in time.”
Cas leaned back on his feet, a wanton display, and wrapped his hand around himself, pumping far too slowly for it to be any kind of relief. Dean found himself aching for the angel. Wanting to swallow him down. To open up and take him inside himself. But Cas’s eyes held him pinned to the wall. He watched as the slick head of his cock appeared and disappeared in his fist.
not even to run from Alastair. And it had made him stupidly easy to hunt down, the tracking information pinging clear as day to anyone with the means or influence to look.
At first, Castiel had felt as though he was only just keeping his head above water when it came to handling Dean’s needs – had felt that he was one mistaken paddle away from drowning them both. But, as the hours had passed, he had become more sure of himself. More comfortable. Now, when he encounters a wave, he knows how to ride it.
Dean’s eyes are golden and focused solely on his, something undeniably
Dean glances at the offending piece of furniture, even more exhaustion seeping into him at the thought. It looks comfortable, but…
to him since he signed his fucking life away, and that had stopped exactly no one.
at that. He
red, Dean registers distantly – with his pupils blown, he looks wildly back and forth between Dean and his own hand. He’s breathing
walk” around the grounds, but not before dropping by the security office with gifts for Dean. A soft, warm blanket and a cup of hot coffee had both been shoved into his hands with muttered insults that hadn’t fooled Dean for a second.
Pamela hums, fiddling with a blood pressure cuff as she listens. “Except your wrists?”
It spins around in his head like a tornado, ripping up anything else that might be trying to take root, destroying every tentative thought that might help him calm down. Gulping in air, he sinks to the ground and holds his hands behind his neck. Shakes and shakes and shakes, until what little composure he’d had has corroded completely beneath his fear.
loved,” he finally says, his voice a little rough. “And it’s past time for you to feel that way.”
He squeezes his eyes shut and keeps digging. Cas… forgave him? He must have, because he remembers Cas’s hand in his hair, on his cheek…
So, before he can talk himself out of it, he reaches out and threads their fingers together, stepping forward so that he’s at Cas’s side rather than trailing behind.
And, just like that, he
Dean breathes out a small, not quite genuine laugh, his mouth quirking up at the edges. He doesn’t contradict Castiel out loud, but that doesn’t mean he agrees.
he’s found here, all the things that Castiel has given him for no good reason – that’s all real. There’s no ulterior motive.
had he done that?
“And I’ve… there have been a couple other times. Where I’ve, uh. Kneeled. While he was standing or sitting on a chair or something.” He closes his eyes, thinks about where he’d been a few nights ago, curled up on the floor at Cas’s feet as the alpha had slept away. The fucking
Sam can feel the blood drain out of his own face. He can… pretty easily imagine it, actually, and he wishes that he
“Scrambled?”
“You don’t need to thank me.”
Jesus
It takes a few calls for the ringing to actually reach Dean, and a few more for him to think to answer.
“You’re funny,” he says, and he means it. It’s hilarious to him, for some reason, that in the last few months he’s gone from worrying about
say, of what will fix what he has broken between them. Dean doesn’t seem inclined to help him, either – he just closes his eyes and breathes, quiet and miserable.
There’s no mistaking the smell that has engulfed him – more tempting than anything he’s ever experienced, somehow
Benny cocks his head to the side. “You
know,” Balthazar says with a sigh, “that he would absolutely murder me if I made you leave here without saying anything to him or Cassie. So.” Sam holds his breath. “I think it would be a good idea if I called Castiel. Let him know what’s going on. I’ll even leave it on speaker, since I know you probably have the same suspicious mind that your brother does.”
How could he not love a man with so much kindness and goodness inside of him? How could he not love him all the
Another wave of nausea hits him and he retches again, hand covering the scar on his stomach protectively. He’s such a fucking
For another, this place is like no training center Dean has ever seen. First of all – it’s a
bitch,” the alpha murmurs. “Can’t believe how lucky I am. Got you all to myself.”
terrified of me,” Castiel says bluntly. “But we didn’t have a choice. There was no one else who could have given him the time he needed to simply
I can’t even imagine–”
On the other hand, another part of him – perhaps the
he finally chokes, hardly able to form the words. “I – I need you. I do,” he bursts out, and the thing that had been savagely twisting at him since he said that lie in the first place finally eases, just a little, with the confession. “I lied – I
The alpha’s scent wafts up every time he shifts, curling around him like an oversized, purring cat. Dean thinks maybe he could fall asleep right here, just like this; standing upright in a dark room with flickering screens and soft static. Trapped by his own pathetic fear.
Dean had been begging for the unspeakable. Why? Hadn’t Castiel told him that he shouldn’t expect the same treatment here?
and Cas loves him. He
“I’m glad you don’t think so,” he says, when he can swallow around the lump in his throat. “Can you see why I wouldn’t want you to call me the same thing you called him?”
“Because he doesn’t feel that way. But, Claire,” he says, circling back to his previous point, pressingly sure that he could have done a better job, “he wouldn’t do
Frowning, Dean pulls back the shirt again. His nose isn’t dripping anymore, so he sets it to the side. “I mean… There kinda is, you know? You’ve got Jody, and that Kaia girl, right?”
Cas was already wandering through the aisles, picking things up here or there and examining them with his trademark squinty-eyed confusion. “I do not understand,” he said, gesturing at a glass case full of novelties, “the propensity that American gas stations have for sell tiny statues of painted horses. Is this something of cultural significance?”
about how he’s
Pamela doesn’t give him the chance, though.
The screen door creaks, and Dean carefully sits next to him, grunting when he has to bend his knee. He’s wrapped up in a blanket, his hair in sixty five directions and wet from a shower, a cup of coffee in his hands. Castiel still isn’t used to that – to Dean getting his own food and drink. It makes him smile to himself.
He knows his master smells that fear on him, but he doesn’t bring it up. Castiel doesn’t push him to share
Doesn’t want to remember the pure, blinding terror, doesn’t want to think about how his grip on his sanity slipped. A lot of that night is a blur, a mess of exhaustion and fear, and digging into it makes him nauseous.
A little overwhelmed, Castiel can only nod, and Dean’s frown deepens. “No you ain’t. What’s wrong?”
Dean swallows.
He hums. “Yes, Dean?”
“Not a word. I hung up after a while – I was still workin’ on that F100. Didn’t have time to fool around.”
pairs,” she goes on, “you and Dean
“I– yes,” he says, voice strained, heart still pounding too hard. He’s cold. Shivering.
Caught off guard, Dean takes an involuntary, stumbling step backward. The alpha’s anger is sharp as razor wire, wrapping around him, squeezing at his throat. He isn’t breathing. He
“So what!” Dean snaps. “He was just supposed to catch her? He was supposed to dump a
Because, really, Dean should be happy.
“Scott, I don’t know about you,” Dean said, brushing past the whole thing before it made his head explode, “but
He stands there, just out of sight, with his hands curled into fists, teeth gritted, unable to hear the rest of the conversation over the blood rushing in his ears. He has to think up a plan and he has to do it
to harm him. “You can thank Claire, actually. I forgot about it till she reminded me,” he admits.
like human beings. Too many pressured into the slave trade or fertility centers by circumstances outside of their control.
4) Feel free to yell at me in the comments ;)
can think of a million people who have just as much power and money as Castiel apparently does and turn a blind eye anyway – or worse, participate in the slave trade,
Balthazar’s sigh is sharp. In the background, Castiel can hear Dean cleaning up the kitchen, and, past that, the faint birdsong outside. The windows are all open, of course – they have to air out the house somehow.
young, hardly out of high school by the looks of him. He shuffles nervously by the door, his dark brown eyes flicking around the room like he’s sure there’s a large, hungry tiger hiding somewhere amongst the sparse furniture.
Dean moved. His hands flew over the zipper of his jeans and, despite already being half hard, he didn’t dare fumble. Didn’t dare trip over the crumple of fabric as he kicked it off. He had no idea what was happening up in Heaven to make Cas so demanding. Didn’t know if he
of that. The dizzying sensation of rubbing away the omega’s distress with his touch alone, the heady pride of being trusted.
Cas frowns a little, but he doesn’t force the issue. Instead, he slows down and matches his pace to Dean’s pitiful one, worry clouding his scent.
The alpha takes him in with something like relief on his face. He’s probably glad to see him lucid. “Hello, Dean,” he greets, a little sheepish.
scent with calm reassurance and gentle security.
Cas looked at him for a beat, then disappeared completely. There was a soft flutter and a displacement of weight on the bed, and suddenly Cas was standing in front of him with a grocery bag. “These may help.”
And it is. The omega reacts like someone struck him with a cattle prod – he snaps out of his downward bow and sits up, tilting his chin back and pushing his chest out. Castiel doesn’t understand, at first – and then he gets it. He’s giving the handler access to the starred chip in the clasp of his collar so that the man can read off his personal information. It’s clearly something he’s been trained to do, clearly something he’s experienced many times. His eyes are carefully averted from the free people in the room, resting on a far wall. Blank with fear.
Dean mumbles, the word catching in his throat. “Please, please, alpha –
And John knows it, too. He looks sick.
Castiel brushes his nose against Dean’s, wishing, just for a moment, that they could stay.
The frustrated tears finally fall, now, and he’s glad he’s in the shower so Cas won’t be able to scent his distress. He probably reeks of it. After everything that’s happened to them over the last few days, the last thing the alpha needs to deal with is another friggin’ melt-down. Especially over something as stupid as this. He drops his head back against the tile and closes his eyes, shivering a little even under the warm spray of the shower as the last of his adrenaline leeches away.
When he finally stumbles into the bathroom, he gently sets Dean down in the tub, clothes and all. The omega protests with a sharp, panicked noise when he tries to pull away, his hands catching in Castiel’s shirt and holding on tight, eyes screwed shut and chest heaving.
“Just because you’re the boss doesn’t mean you can no-call no-show, you know,” Balthazar grumbles when he picks up the phone, the sound of his keyboard clacking in the background. “Where the bloody hell are you? I thought you and lover-boy were coming back in today. Did you–”
In the four seconds that he’d been able to stare at that photo, he’d tried to do years’ worth of detective work. Had tried to determine, based on the tight set of Sam’s shoulders and the frown on his face, whether his brother had suffered after Dean had left. Of course he doesn’t know. Has no idea. But he hopes that the fact that his brother is – was? – a law student means that he’s got nothing to do with John.
He could escape the only tangible proof he’s a slave with nothing but a sharp tug. The thought nearly makes him laugh. And that nearly makes him sob. He’s suddenly,
Drumming his fingers on the table, Sam finally breaks and gives in to his curiosity. He flips the notepad to a blank page, writes down the number attached. It’s something with an unfamiliar area code. Whoever it is, they aren’t from around here.
but with him, the omega would see his freedom as little more than a dismissal. A rejection.
Dean desperately wanted to ask what had happened. To talk it out. To see what was wrong in the angel’s life and who he had to kill to fix it. But somehow, he knew if he brought it up now, this comfortable silence would be shattered. That Cas may even leave in a cloud of feathers, and he’d be left to finish rinsing off alone.
“Is that something you would be interested in?” Cas adds, a little less sure of himself. Dean blinks, realizing that he’s been quiet for too long. Cas is looking at him with a faint sort of concern – he’s probably used to Dean spacing out by now.
feelings are real, then so are
“And I lashed out because I was
Charlie says incredulously. “Come
Somehow, he looks even bigger now that Dean’s standing up – his shoulders practically touch either side of the door frame. He takes an automatic step back, and the man’s eyes track the movement.
, he knew if Scott ended up in Hell for
of a drunk, but he’s not exactly
He tightens the towel around himself self consciously, and, as though he’s just remembered that’s all he’s wearing, he blushes. “They’ll get all gross anyway,” he mumbles, shame in the words, and Castiel can’t have that.
alive, they’re de-collared as a
House omegas have it a little better, he guesses. They’re trained as nannies and housekeepers, and, while they don’t escape violence completely, they usually only have one alpha using them at a time. They tend to be healthier. To live longer. The ones sent to breeding farms –
When the silence persists a little too long, Cas looks up at him with a slight frown. “What about that band you were listening to the other day in the car? What was it? Zep Led?”
wants?”
Dean swallows audibly, and there’s a long beat of silence before he speaks. “I’m scared,” he admits like it’s a dirty secret, and with a start, Castiel realizes that he’s following an
And since there’s not much Cas will do without his explicit consent, he’s been going through friggin’ hug withdrawals ever since.
He treasured every moment. Every touch. The brush of Dean’s fingers as he was handed a chilled beer, because even though Dean knew it wouldn’t do a thing to him physically, he still didn’t want to drink alone. The steadying hand on the middle of his back in battle, not because Cas needed the support, but because it said
all those things already, and he’d
The alpha hums. “I will try,” he says honestly, and that’s good enough for Dean.
Clearly, it’s the home of someone who can afford a slave much better than him.
“Is that so hard to believe?” Castiel asks, even though he knows that the answer, for Dean, is unquestionably
The last time he’d dared to pick up a book, it had gotten him beat. Slaves don’t get to do leisurely things like
“I don’t know how to do anything else.”
And God,
The shower groans and complains before spitting out the hot water he needs to wash away the grimy feeling of getting too drunk too fast. He’d enjoyed the night, shooting the shit with Bobby and Ellen and Jo, smiling and laughing his way through their pats on the back and more than one attempt at birthday spankings. They’d all been thrilled for him. Beyond excited that he was done with school and on his way towards an honest living. They’d even pooled together some cash and bought him a snazzy new bag for his computer and documents. When he dries off and fishes through his old dresser for some comfortable clothes, he catches sight of it in the corner of his room and his chest feels lighter.
He swallows, hoping that his words won’t set Dean off. But Dean only deflates. Becomes heavy and loose and more tired than Castiel ever could have thought possible. “Yeah, maybe. Someday.”
not really, but he wants this tense, wasp in his brain feeling to go
Dean snorts. “Understatement.”
From the safety of Castiel’s chest, the alpha’s arm wrapped around his shoulders, he begins to speak.
like him.”
side of this dump.”
and not been terrified out of his mind.
feels about Dean, but how many of Dean’s whispered confessions yesterday were the truth, and how many were simply influenced by Dean’s pre-heat? How many were the product of hormonal fluctuations alone?
He closes his eyes, takes a few more deep breaths. “They,” he starts, and his voice is rough and scratchy – has it always been like that? He doesn’t remember the last time he talked this much – “They, uh, usually fed me once a day, ‘less I was… You know.” He doesn’t want to say it, because he doesn’t want his new master to think that he’s incapable of doing what he’s supposed to. But he admits it anyway because the alpha told him not to lie, and lies by omission probably count. “Unless I didn’t… earn it.”
He pushes past it, because Cas deserves to hear it, deserves to know that he’s
“I– did I say something wrong?” Cas pleads, putting a hand on his shoulder so he can turn Dean and search him, like there’s some kind of physical injury he’ll be able to patch up.
“Before we get started, I suppose I should ask. Do you want Castiel to be here?”
Because Dean eats the same thing he does. And Castiel doesn’t mind cooking for him.
of the heartbreak.
“Saying is one thing,” Bal says. “Proving is quite another.”
Dean opens his mouth. Tries to find the words to explain himself, but they won’t come. He disobeyed. He disobeyed an order, and Cas is angry, as he should be, because Dean nearly got himself used by someone else just now. Nearly disrespected his alpha in the worst way possible.
“You love him so much,” he says softly. Dean swallows, eyes flickering away. “You really think you can love someone like that, and have them not miss you when you go?”
and he figures that the best place is wherever Dean’s head is. How else is he supposed to know what Dean thinks is in store for him? How else is he supposed to reassure him that it’s
In a jerky movement, Dean blindly reaches out and grabs the alpha’s hand, his heart in his throat. He doesn’t know if this is okay, if Cas even wants him to touch after the dramatic,
here, at least he really is in safe hands...
“If I remember right,” Dean said, unbothered as he brushed off his jeans,
What’s really stopping him, though, isn’t what he’s allowed to do to Dean. It’s what Dean, himself, would do for Castiel.
time he has seen any sort of “stereotypical” alpha behavior from the man was when it involved
The alpha cocks his jaw, but he sighs, and relents. “Alright. I’ll be right outside, though,” he warns, and it’s almost funny to watch him try and be intimidating in front of Pam’s ice cold stare.
“One thing after another,” Bal grumbles.
for you.”
He’s been doing that more and more, lately; thinking of Dean that way. He’d slipped into that exact mindset in the elevator, a few hours ago, had snapped orders at Dean like he had any right to do so. He hadn’t used his
Trying his best to contain it, but crying all the same, his hands gripping his hair as he shudders and turns his head away from Castiel, his forehead pressed to the wall. The sheer grief rolling off of him is enough to make Castiel’s chest ache like there’s an axe in it.
He gets out of bed while Castiel sputters, doing his damnedest not to let any slick drip out of his boxers. And as if they didn’t just get confirmation enough that they’re both ten miles out of their element, when he gets to the door, Cas
He already
Dean knows it’s fucking pathetic. Can’t even make himself a pot of coffee without being afraid, after months of effort. The therapist is gonna be
Stupid. He’s being
inform the alpha in question that we
“Cas,” Dean hissed after many achingly long minutes in which Cas was more than happy to watch him, trailing one hand over his pale skin. He knew what Dean was begging for. Knew it in the way his Grace begged for the same thing. But he had spent a decade hoping against all odds for this very moment, and he wasn’t about to rush it now.
bad ones. The blackout
Castiel swallows, and returns his attention to the road. Searches for something to say that will cover how much he’s been… well,
bed? – with his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides.
The warm water does a lot to push the last of the nightmare from his brain, but not all of it. There are still bits and pieces floating around, snippets of the horror that had once been his life. He’s fucking tired of it. Tired of being forced to think about Alastair when he’s got
But if he has to go through that to convince this alpha he knows how to act right, he will. He
Dean jumps, startled by the break in silence. With far more hesitance than Castiel can understand, he nods. “Okay. Sit down, and I’ll get you a glass of water.”
food, Sam follows behind him silently. He’s been afraid to say much. Balthazar isn’t
“You should probably, um.” Dean takes a breath. Keeps his eyes on the book in his hands as he finds the right pile, and amends what was about to be something
Cas settles a little more firmly against him, his body solid and cool against Dean’s fevered one. “Please don’t make the mistake of thinking that you are the only one who is afraid, Dean.”
Dean shakes his head, waving his hand back and forth as if he hadn’t just been deathly terrified; as if he hadn’t, just for a moment, forgotten that Cas wouldn’t ever let someone touch him like that.
His heart is in his throat when he skids to a stop in the doorway, and the wave of
laws, you and your brother
Eventually, Sam unfolds himself. He wipes at his face. Inhales deeply. His nose is red and his eyes are watery, but he looks calmer. Less like a hurricane and more like an adult. “He’s not scared of you,” he says, his voice rough. “Is he?”
Dean looks at her for a while, this young woman. Someone with her whole life ahead of her, who made the mistake of trusting the wrong person. Her jaded view of the world makes a hell of a lot of sense, coming from a background like that – and Dean can’t exactly blame her for the suspicion she carries around with her.
And he’d done it a lot better than the police or the official re-trainers ever had, because Dean had
Dean raises an eyebrow, eating another apple slice before he responds. “I think he wanted to be sure I didn’t have plans to shank you, or somethin’.”
scent. He recognizes those sour notes of fear in the air as the same ones that have been in Dean’s bedroom in the mornings, and wonders how far Dean is from this room right now mentally.
to inherit from his father he’d been forbidden from without anyone having to tell him so.
he knew of this, Dean had no idea. Maybe he had a built-in GPS. Either way, it was a hell of a lot safer and more convenient than trying to find a hoodoo shop.
fucking touch him like that,” Bal growls, the familiar protectiveness slipping back into his voice for a moment. “But, mate, you’re
him. Almost fooled him into thinking that this isn’t all an act, a scheme. God, his dad was fucking right. He’s an idiot, naive even after everything. Even
“Oh, for
you won’t – hurt m–” he shudders, chokes on the words. “I’m sorry. I’m trying, I’m
From behind him, Cas clears his throat. Dean catches the exact moment that Claire realizes that he’s in the room – her eyes harden and her hackles raise instantly, even as she takes a half step back. “What is
He recognizes that tone. It’s the one Sam always adopted when he thought Dean was being stupid, thought that he was refusing to see something right in front of his face because he was too firmly in denial. Or, more often, when he knew Dean was lying. It was the tone he’d use when Dean would say things like, “Take more, I already ate,” and, “No, he didn’t hit me. Don’t worry so much, Sammy.”
And Cas just
Balthazar is quite the character.
Because Dean is pretty sure he’s never going to see his brother again. And he doesn’t want Sam to come looking.
She doesn’t, though. She
“Well… no,” he concedes reluctantly. “But I thought that if I…”
If he was ever gonna want it with
“Lukewarm. Not cold. Right,” he says dutifully.
Dean just looks… hurt. And more than a little frustrated. “If that’s true, then
He strips off his clothes, and the strong scent of Dean that is lingering in the fabric is more than enough to make his stomach squirm with an all-too familiar feeling. The shower doesn’t particularly help things – though he jumps right in without waiting for it to warm all the way, the cold water does nothing to discourage him, as he’d half hoped.
even. But Dean was feeling less and less like sharing his motel room with the angel right now. He wanted to be alone to mope around and possibly also get blackout drunk and forget this whole conversation.
Claire rolls her eyes, waving his half formed excuses off. “Come
someone fuck him, then he will – there is no consent, there is no saying
“Maybe you
when he’d walked in on Sammy sneaking a book under the bed-covers again. No matter how hard John had tried to crush his brother’s enthusiasm for school, he’d never managed it.
Cas watches him for a moment, his blue eyes seeming to take in more than whatever pathetic picture Dean is painting for him. Eventually, though, he decides to let it go. He turns back to the pile. Finds the next page.
Sam complies after a moment, clearly battling with himself. He drags the wooden chair around the desk and plops down into it. He’s quite close to Castiel, and from here, he can tell that Sam smells a lot like his brother. There’s that same pastry scent, but where Dean’s is vanilla and apple sweet, Sam’s is a little more earthy. It has notes of rosemary and thyme, like a loaf of artisan bread.
Part one of (at least) two of the Reunion Talks.™️ Next up, Sam's POV, mixed with a little of Cas's.
Dean, far before they knew each other.
and what’s just par for the fuckin’ course starts to change after a while, when you’re there. Shit just becomes… normal.”
He looks
“Of course,” he agrees. They both know he’s full of shit, but there’s no point in harping on it.
“A bonding clause,” she repeats casually, tossing the ball up and catching it in her opposite hand. When he doesn’t respond, she looks up. Her expression sharpens. “You don’t know what that is?”
Underneath him, the boards of the dock creak when he takes a seat, protesting until he settles. He wraps his arms around his legs. Stares out at the water with nothing but static in his mind.
