John hummed. “No, I’m fine. I really should get going though, someone’s expecting me. And they told me not to be late…” He whispered loudly, like he was trying to whisper quietly, but was failing miserably. He took a step, but stumbled, “oh… my body feels funny…” He frowned slightly, reaching out to grab something to hold onto, but there was nothing there so he just started falling forward.
Sherlock scoffed, “Actually, I couldn’t care less if you were gone for a whole day without me. I was thinking more along the lines of ‘we need to talk’ that’s what people say, isn’t it?”
“You know Sherlock just because I didn’t tell you when we
LIKE WHO WOULD SAY DONT BE SILLY. WHO WHO WHO. TELL ME!!
"What do you want with John!" She spat. She didn't even know if he was after John, but she was angry and wasn't going to take chances, she was the one that made John cause a scene in the first place.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know, but I don’t want to leave you... what if something happens and I’m not here...” He swallowed and looked at Sherlock. It was stupid really, but John blamed himself for this happening to Sherlock. If he had left Sherlock alone and if he hadn’t come back they wouldn’t be sitting here, but then again he wouldn’t be sitting with Sherlock at all. Sherlock told him not to dwell on the past, but it was hard. Especially when someone John really cared about was currently in the hospital.
He narrowed his eyes, looking the other boy over, “John you are sweating! Do you feel okay? Because I don't want you around my mother if you’re sick! You might even get her sicker than she already is!” He growled some, getting closer to John, ready to attack with his words and push the other boy out of the room.
You're justin time to wipe my ass (;
He blinked a bit and lowered his gun, resting both arms at his side, “The fuck happened to you..?”
The Doctor frowned again and walked to the door. He slowly opened it and blinked, “Sherlock… There isn’t a dragon out here…”
“And let me guess. He brought Cluedo?” That used to be their favourite game when they were teenagers, the nights they spent in the kitchen playing Cluedo through all hours of the night was too many times to count.
John knew he had to start getting a move on things, but he didn’t think Sherlock was ready yet... However, the problem was, was that Sherlock was ready and John
Brian frowned and looked at him, “hey, that was amazing... what’s wrong?” he whispered and kept his distance because he didn’t want to be pushed away again, he also didn’t know what had happened moments before he had rung the doorbell.
“Umm, well because they die in bed together and they are really old so its happy because they lived a long life and died of old age together, but depressing because they died…” He smiled a bit and squeezed Sherlock's hand.
Claire smiled at him softly and nodded, “I’m glad you’re getting better if you ever–“ She was cut off by a customer and gave John a pained smile, “I’ll be right back, love.” She said softly and then went to tend to the customer’s needs.
She just nodded instead of pushing it because she really didn’t care, “well, I think it’s a good thing. I never liked him anyway and you deserve better. I mean look at you, you’re practically skin and bones. You look awful.”
for Sherlock and just let the scene play out, and then once they were alone he would rip his fucking head off! He closed his eyes and counted backwards from ten and the anger melted away. He breathed a sigh of relief. Counting to ten worked almost ninety-nine percent of the time. It was a rather good thing too because he couldn’t be able to handle his anger without a way to cool off and he most certainly never wanted it to get out of hand like his fathers.
Kevin smirked and snatched the money to see if it was real. When he finished inspecting it and was happy with the money Sherlock had given him, he threw the bag of cocaine at Sherlock and smiled, “have fun, Mate.”
He had no idea where John would have gone and he searched everywhere in the school until he decided to go into the toilets. One of the stalls was shut and Sherlock frowned a bit, he awkwardly dipped his head to look under and sure enough John's shoes were there. Thank God, if it was somebody else he had the very high chance of being punched in the face for trying to ‘sneak a peek’. He took a shaky breath as he walked up to the door and knocked on it softly. “John... can we talk, please?”
John smiled and squeezed his hand softly. “So they know, then…” He asked in a whisper, though it wasn’t really a question.
The next couple of videos were just Sherlock buying drugs and getting high, after about the fifth one, though, something was different. Sherlock appeared on the screen and John could tell it was dark outside, normally Sherlock bought them in the day – or that’s what the videos suggested, he knew there were most likely more times Sherlock bought drugs and it wasn’t recorded. He watched as Sherlock walked to a lamp post and waited there for a minute, fidgeting as if he was in withdrawal. Suddenly, a black van stopped in front of him and three men climbed out. Sherlock was saying something to them and tried to hand them what John assumed was money. They kept shaking their heads though and then one of them pushed Sherlock up against the lamp post while another one started to kiss his neck. Sherlock was screaming... John could see his face this time and he was screaming and crying, it broke John’s heart and he broke down right there, he couldn’t stay strong for that – not even if his life depended on it. Their hands were all over Sherlock's body and one of them managed to rip off Sherlock's shirt. He tried to fight them off, but he was no match against the three men – especially not when he was experiencing withdrawal from the cocaine.
John rolled his eyes, but failed a bit because everything was off balance. He ignored Sherlock's question and just worked on getting naked himself, he was a bit selfish when he was drunk and Sherlock just kept droning on and on about his trousers. Really, how could he talk about trousers at a time like this?
“Yes, nightstand… I didn’t know when the time would come, but I bought some because I wanted to be prepared.” He whispered as he watched John reach over to open the drawer and rummage around until he grabbed the items needed.
Anyway enjoy the story loves (:
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
Claire opened the door and looked around the room. She didn’t want to go in his bedroom... maybe she would just sleep on the couch and wait until the morning for him to come round. They had probably already finished their activities, John had fallen asleep, and the girl had left – thus resulting in the door being unlocked. She sighed and walked straight ahead to the couch that they had, but when she turned around and sat down she saw that John was passed out on the kitchen floor and covered in his own vomit. Her eyes widened and she ran across the room, kneeling down to him and pressing her fingers against his neck to feel for a pulse.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but was smiling, “Oh my god, I’m dating a five-year-old.”
“On the contrary. I am coming and I will walk home. I usually go for walks late at night anyway, it really isn’t a big deal, John.”
Sherlock blinked and raised an eyebrow. “John..?”
“No, really! I am Sherlock Holmes! I’m not dressing up as anybody, but myself! Now I would like to know how cars work, please!” He hummed.
The DI smiled and looked at Sherlock. “Yesterday night John here came to me. I tried to get him to go away, but he was very insistent. I told him I didn’t have time for his childish games and he begged me to give him just ten minutes… so I did. He told me about the crime scene and about what had happened and then he told me to question the husband. When I told him that that case was already closed and they had taken the son into custody he begged me to reopen it. Just to talk to the husband and interrogate him more than we did. I told him that wasn’t possible, but he has a lot of faith in you… He said that if he was wrong then he would take the blame and that we could throw him in jail for a couple of days because he wasted our time. So I thought to myself ‘a young boy like this. With such a brilliant future ahead of him was willing to risk it all away because he had such faith in this Sherlock Holmes character.’ So I agreed and I’ll be damned. After five minutes he confessed to killing his wife. He found out she was cheating on him with another man and he lost it and then tried to blame the son... You’re a brilliant man Sherlock Holmes. It would be an honour if you were to work with us one day.”
His eyes widened and he shook his head, “He’ll hate me! Even more than he already does!!”
John whined softly. “Grant..? Gavin..? Oh!” he whispered. “Oh… the bunny’s name was Greg something. Greg Messpod? I- I don’t remember, I can’t think.” He whined again. “He works for the bunny football team. They are very good, you know.”
were yanking him back and pulling John away! It wasn’t fair! None of this was fair!
Sherlock jerked out of the blanket so fast and leapt across the bed, “John!! Make it leave!!” He was sobbing and shaking, and surprisingly very quick and agile for a naked, drunk man.
John nodded and slowly made his way up the stairs, even after years he knew this house by heart. He opened the door to Mycroft's study and walked inside, sitting down in the chair next to the computer.
have a sensitive side!!” Sherlock flailed a bit and immediately sat up, casting John with a glare.
!” His dad growled the word like it was the most disgusting word ever known to man. John thought that, to him, it probably was.
John relives his past a bit.
“No!” John gasped and swallowed, “sorry... just trying to form the words together, not an opinion...” he frowned slightly, did people really call Sherlock to tell him their opinions on things?
She rolled her eyes and then hit him in the arm, it wasn’t a light punch either.
Sherlock blinked and raised an eyebrow. Surely this had to be going somewhere… “Umm, I’m fine… Thank you?”
Sherlock stopped abruptly. “What do you mean…?”
*gets all awkward because i had some informative stuff to say*
John swallowed, nodding slowly. He had so many questions and a lot of things didn’t even make sense, but he was in so much pain and was exhausted. So for now, he believed Mycroft. He closed his eyes as he gently slid back down into a laying down position and was silent for a long while, “umm, can I call him?” He whispered. Great, not even back in London for twenty-four hours and he was already trying to contact Sherlock. So much for getting over him.
“I think he’s had enough... Let’s just go, because he’s really not worth it, John…”
i really just post random shit in these notes.. but i entertain myself... if i entertain you or bug you, you should comment and tell me...
“I’ll come back.” Sherlock nodded. “Text me when you find out what he’s been given.”
John yawned and started to doze off when all of a sudden his phone started ringing. He woke up immediately and answered it. “John Watson.”
“Can we!!” He jumped a little.
i dont feel good and i think my insides are failing me... fuck i dont even care about grammar or spelling right now.
“Mhm,” John hummed sarcastically. “Sure you did.”
They walked inside and John wrinkled his nose, “Bit messy...” John was used to his place being spotless. He hated messes and he was glad his character was from the army because that could explain his slight OCD for messes...
Sherlock took a breath. “Because he is my boyfriend, I love him, and he has nowhere to go…” His eyes flickered to Mycroft and his heart shattered. “I-.. I KNEW YOU WOULD DO THIS!!! YOU ALWAYS DO THIS!!”
“BUT WHAT DID I DO!!!” He screamed and tugged at his hair, it was too much. All of this was too much, and yet it wasn’t enough at the same time.
One month later John was ready for action. He smirked at Mike and put on his blue and white chequered button down shirt with his coat, some jeans, and his brown shoes. He grabbed his cane and barely touched his hair. Just brushed it to the side a bit, which killed John because he was used to wearing it slicked back. He turned around and smiled at Mike as he leaned heavily on his cane, “well... how do I look?”
Question:
John swallowed and looked down, “Yes, I know it wasn’t.” He said firmly a small bite was laced to it, he tended to get a bit defensive about the subject. Of course Sherlock's time without him wasn’t easy, he didn’t need a reminder every single minute of every day. And besides that, he was the one trying in this fucking relationship, not Sherlock. “He was probably hurting just as bad as I was, but he won’t talk about it and he knows every single thing about what happened with me over those three years!” He took a shaky breath, “I know nothing. He won’t speak to me, he’s hiding things from me, and he’s not trying in this relationship. He tries sometimes, I can see it, but for the most part he just tries to push me away, and I’m trying so hard to be strong, but I don’t think I can hold out much longer.
John wanted to smack his forehead and then shake Sherlock silly. Sherlock was more of a selective listener and only heard the things he wanted to, apparently he was also a selective learner too. It drove John absolutely up the wall even though he had only really spoken to him for two days, but that was the problem with dating a genius he supposed, “You know, for the smartest man in the world. You’re quite stupid…”
He hated himself... He hated himself because he was leaving people that cared about him behind, but it felt like no one would ever understand how he was feeling and it felt like the pain would never go away. He needed relief and unlike Sherlock he refused to turn to drugs.
“What the actual fuck?” She hissed out before he had a chance to say anything.
“How. Far. Did. He. Get. Sherlock.” John glared at Sherlock and punctuated each word.
“John…” He blinked a bit trying to focus his eyesight again. “Don’t be an idiot! I’m – I’m fine...” He swallowed, now that the adrenaline was wearing off everything was rushing over him.
Practice was a killer. His body ached and he was all muddy. It didn’t help that it had rained halfway through and the coach made them play on anyway. John was sweaty and he didn’t smell too good, but he had to go to Sherlock, so he packed up his rugby and school bag and started running to Sherlock's house. He had already ran in rugby practice and he was so very tired, but he had to make things right between them. He slowed once he got to the front gate and started walking. He didn’t want to be out of breath when he finally got to talk to Sherlock. Thankfully, the door was unlocked so he just opened it and walked inside. He saw that Sherlock was lying on the couch with some ice on his ribs and John swallowed back the guilt, walked into the room, and sat on a chair across from him. “Hey… didn’t see you in class today…” He whispered.
“You know, ‘cause the thing is… I don’t think you are fit to be head captain if you can’t beat up a low life such as Mister Holmes.” Brian drawled as he brought his hand back to punch Sherlock.
The Doctor smirked. “Wanna go somewhere?” He waggled his eyebrows and watched as a giant grin appeared on Sherlock's face.
John smirked a bit when Sherlock wasn’t looking, he walked over to the red chair, and sat down. He took everything in around the flat and even though it was small it could be very nice. He might get anxiety with the mess, but he could clean it. The thought almost killed him because he hadn’t had to pick up a mess in years... ever since his parents dropped him off at the orphanage Mrs. Turner always did it and then he had servants and maids for the messes he made now... Although, if it was any consolation, John didn’t make messes because he hated them so much, but he was living a different life for the moment and he supposed he could deal with it for a short period of time.
"And wasn't that just the thing that made this all work..." He swallowed hard. "I needed you to love me, Sherlock. I needed you to break... You didn't love me; you loved some man I made up. He doesn't exist, Sherlock!! He never will!" He growled and clenched the gun tighter in his hands. He wanted so badly for that man to exist, but he didn't and that pained him.
John reluctantly rolled out of bed and fell on the ground, he crawled to the dresser and found a shirt and some trousers and started pulling them on. John really hated mornings....
for even a second longer.
At the same time though John knew he would never leave Sherlock because he loved him too much. Maybe he only loved the Sherlock he once knew and not the one he knew now, but his brain couldn’t understand that Sherlock wasn’t the same person he once was. His brain kept telling him that things would eventually go back to the way they were they just needed time. That part pained John because he wanted so much to go back to the way things were, but deep down he knew time wasn’t going to be able to fix this. Sherlock had once told him not to dwell on the past because you couldn’t go back and change it, but John couldn’t help dwell on the past. He found him doing that mostly every second of every day, but he just wanted to be happy with his lover again... No, he didn’t want to go back and change the past, if someone told him he could go back in time and stop himself from joining the army… well, he wouldn’t take it. He didn’t regret his decision, even if this was the outcome. Most days though it felt like Sherlock didn’t even love him, just tolerated him – if that – and that hurt so much.
DEUCES BITCHES!
“GO!!!” Sherlock screamed and pushed John. The look in Sherlock's eyes was painful to look at and he found himself listening to Sherlock, despite the fact that he was shaking with anger so he just nodded and ran out of the house.
Ok guys... I AM SO SORRY!!!! But my life has been hectic... My computer broke first of all and I couldn't write until i got a new one..... I had to wait for that to come in.... And then I moved states... I went from living in Utah, where all of my family still lives btdubs, to living in St. Louis because of a job, but hey!! The St. Louis job is giving me more money than what I made as a lifeguard so this way I can move to London faster! All part of the plan!! But I'm also a nanny watching children and I live with them so they are ALWAYS ON ME!!! And the eight year old can read so I can't exactly type this story while shes around... I just want you to know that I am not giving up on this story.. I HAVE EVERY SINGLE BIT OF IT WRITTEN OUT and if I gave up that would be stupid because I know what's going to happen so it is physically impossible for me to get writers block!
“SHERLOCK, YOU BLOODY IDIOT!” He screamed, louder this time, but had at least stopped thrashing.
Most of his days he just sat in Sherlock's chair, curled up in Sherlock's coat. Everything hurt and he felt like he was drowning and then one day... it became all too much and he caved. He stood up from where he was sitting – where he always sat – and went to the cupboard. He got down the whisky and poured himself a glass and then just stared at it. He hadn’t done it yet, there was still time to change his mind. But he knew he wasn’t strong enough, that this was going to happen eventually so why not just get a head start?
ANYWAY I ALREADY SAID FOUR YEARS AGO TO COMMENT. BUT SERIOUSLY COMMENT BECAUSE WITHOUT COMMENTS MY SOUL WOULD BE LOST TO THE NEVER ENDING BLACK VOID OF DESTRUCTION.
Sherlock swallowed hard and shook his head. "No... Not this time. I'm not going to leave you again. I'm here and I'm going to stay." He whispered and reached out to touch John, but he flinched away, clearly terrified he wouldn’t feel anything when the hand came in contact. Sherlock took a shaky breath and slowly retracted his hand.
AHAHAHH ME FROM THE FUTURE: PAST WHITNEY IF YOU HAD JUST GOTTEN A MAC NONE OF YOUR COMPUTER PROBLEMS WOULD HAVE EVER HAPPEN. #LoveMyMac #AppleForever
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
Sherlock's heart fluttered and jerked and twisted and he pulled John into a lip bruising kiss, then pulled back abruptly and grinned, “You think I’m the smartest man in the world?!” He asked quietly.
John rolled his eyes, but still felt flattered nonetheless. Still, if he didn’t have Sherlock and had been even remotely interested in women – well, the outcome today might have had an extremely different outcome.
“Oh my god! You’re so pathetic! My life doesn’t revolve around you and it never had... I’m a sociopath, John... Everything I said to you, everything I did was a strategic move on my part. All for the experiment! Mind you I’ll never be doing an experiment like this again...” He gave a pained look at the thought of having to do an experiment like this again, but quickly regained himself. “However, I needed to know, and when you sat down next to me in class that first day, all because of a
knock knock
It was like everything was moving in slow motion, the adrenaline pumping in his veins harder than it ever had. He tried to pick up his pace, even though it felt impossible, because he noticed a bullet flying straight towards the boy. He lunged forward and tackled the young soldier to the ground. John searched his body frantically for any wounds and once he was satisfied he sat back, nodding firmly, “come on... we need to get you to–” pain shot through his left shoulder, letting out a strangled scream as he fell into the desert sand. The sand made its way into his mouth, his eyes, his nose, honestly everywhere the sand could get, but he didn’t care because the pain in his shoulder was unbearable. He screamed as he brought his right hand up to his left shoulder to apply pressure, turning his head to look. His eyes widened as he saw blood pouring out of him and getting everywhere. All over him, all over the boy he had just saved, all over his hand, all over the sand... the bullet that was headed for the young boy must have hit him when he tackled the boy to the ground. John kept screaming in unimaginable pain as the gunshot sounds faded, really he needed to stop screaming, but it was like he didn’t have any control over his vocal cords. The screaming from the others subsided, the noises from the explosions and gunshots faded, someone was talking to him, but he couldn’t hear it, he couldn’t hear anything. It was like he was underwater and everything was muddled and blurry. He blinked harshly, trying to get at least one of his senses back… at least that way he could make out who was talking to him, try and read their lips. However, the edges of his vision started to darken and the sounds became quieter and quieter until everything just went silent and dark.
John stood tall, shoulders back, face hard. He didn’t want to kill him, not yet, but he wanted to make him hurt so he shot him right in the stomach, “I said shut up.” He growled in a low voice, his Captain John Watson voice, he hardly ever used it, but at times it made itself known, “If you think Sherlock controls my life – if you think I would let him control
And then Sherlock's eyes snapped opened and he swallowed hard. "Torture..." He echoed. "All those gruesome cases that I couldn't solve... Those were you...?" He whispered.
Mycroft swallowed thickly, slowly walking into the room and sitting down on a chair next to the bedside. “Oh, John,” he breathed sadly, grabbing his hand. He wouldn’t tell Sherlock about this... he could be dreaming for all he knew, except for the fact that John looked older and more built than he had been before. He placed his other hand on John's head and ran it through his hair as he let his mind whirl. He watched the rise and fall of John's chest just to make sure that he wasn’t going to lose him... not again. Especially because if he did lose him Sherlock would never know. Mycroft wasn’t going to tell him until John was stable.
The next morning John woke up before Sherlock and just laid in bed next to him. He kept his eyes closed and sighed when he heard a buzzing sound. He was curious... of course he was curious! But it was an invasion of Sherlock's privacy. However, the phone kept buzzing and Sherlock didn’t look like he was going to answer it. He sighed and reached over to grab the phone, this way he would finally discover what had Sherlock's knickers in a twist anyway. He laid back and unlocked the screen, but what he saw made his eyes widen in horror. His stomach dropped and he was almost certain his heart had stopped beating. His Sherlock…
Sherlock flailed dramatically. “What do you mean you can’t move your body? You aren’t going anywhere, John! You’re going to stay right here with me.” Like hell he was going to let John leave while he was like this.
There's no menu. You get what you deserve.
Who's there?
“Yes, you do.” He smirked as he pulled off his own shirt and trousers so he was just in his pants. He watched as Sherlock covered his cast with plastic so tenderly. Eventually, it was covered just as the doorbell rang.
Sherlock walked into the class with his head held high. He looked perfect, not a hair out of place. He looked like nothing had happened yesterday, but then again John assumed that nothing technically did happen that was enough to affect him. If anything Sherlock was able to finally be his happy little self. Sherlock had known this was going to happen all along and he was probably fucking ecstatic that it was finally over.
The TARDIS landed and The Doctor grinned at Sherlock. “Well. Go and take a look.”
be like his father. “We had unprotected sex, Sherlock! You told me you were clean. Do you even know for sure? Do you get tested every fucking day? Because if the answer is no then you don’t know if you’re clean or not. How fucking
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon?
“God, you’re a bastard!” He heard John grumble into the end of the phone. Right, the phone… he was still on the phone with John and he still needed to do this.
“You’re lying. Tell me the real reason, John,” he said firmly.
“How are the knees?” He asked softly as he grabbed Mycroft’s chin with his hand.
John hailed a cab once he had walked a few blocks away from Baker Street. He would have just hailed one at Baker Street, but none were available and the last thing he wanted to do was wait on the curb and have Sherlock come out.
Four months, twenty four days, two hours, six minutes, and eighteen seconds since Sherlock has been back. John stares up at the door to Baker Street and contemplates on knocking for a long while. Eventually he slowly lifts his hand and knocks on the door... He has a key, but he doesn’t live there anymore... it isn’t right to just barge in like that. Not after... no. He doesn’t want to think about that...
“Promise...” Sherlock whispered and nodded firmly, kissing his hand once before letting go.
“Uhhh… No.. But I hardly think that matters..”
!! That meant nothing to you?"
The DI sighed, and shrugged one shoulder, “yes, well, I’m guessing Sherlock must have said something to him.”
He paused for a moment, searching for his words, “Mother always wanted what was best for me and though we didn’t always see eye to eye I think she eventually got what she wished for... And then we lost it, but now it’s back and, if I’m not mistaken, it’s here to stay...” He looked at John and swallowed thickly.
#NeverMissedAnEpisodeOfGraham and if I was ever on that show I could die a happy person.
John gasped as more bullets flew passed their head, ducking as they ran down Sherlock's pathway. “Sherlock! They’re following us!”
Proceeding with caution he pushed inside, aiming his gun in front of him... just waiting to pull the trigger, but before he got the chance to even register things he heard a low, dark laugh coming from the corner of the room. He cursed under his breath and flicked on the lights, lowering his gun slightly. So he was being expected, but it still didn’t quite feel like a trap.
“The little girl sobbed even more. ‘I-I'm River...’ She stuck her finger out so the fairy could shake it. River giggled and knew that she had found a friend instantly. She didn't feel so lonely anymore.
“Will you cover my cast in plastic so I can shower?” He smiled even sweeter, Sherlock honestly didn’t think that was possible, but here he was.
There was one video left and John slowly played it with shaky fingers.
Sherlock groaned and then threw his head back into the pillows. He honestly hated hospitals, always had.
John stood up and walked to the doctor that looked rather sombre. His heart sunk, but he kept his head held high, “Yes...” He whispered.
Mycroft frowned a bit, “you...” he whispered back.
A week later John was getting ready for school in the guest bedroom. Sherlock had allowed him to come back and even though he woke up from his coma a week ago and was released from the hospital five days ago Sherlock and John hadn’t said a word to each other. It wasn’t that John didn’t want to, but he was being stubborn like always, really why should he talk to Sherlock if Sherlock was going to throw a fit. And also, Sherlock was the one who got them in to this mess, so as far as he was concerned it was Sherlock's move. Not his.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
Brian answered the phone and Sherlock rather thought he was annoying so all he said was: “come over,” and then he hung up. Sherlock didn’t know why he kept insisting that a fuck would make him better because he had been doing this for three months and each day he would just fall further and further into depression. He had a suspicion Brian could sense it because he had become cuddlier in hopes of drawing Sherlock out of his funk, but if Sherlock was truly honest with himself he hated the cuddles more than anything. He didn’t really like to be touched, unless Brian’s penis was in him…
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmm, I think it is. You think the letters are your last chance to try and save your relationship, or more accurately to bring the old Sherlock back. Newsflash, John Watson, but I destroyed him, I killed him long ago. I know my son and I know that he’s never going to forgive you, even though you weren’t the one who did any of this.” He smirked darkly, leaning forward in his seat.
“Sigar!!” Lily Holmes gasped as she watched her youngest son deflate, despite what Sherlock told everyone about not caring about what his father thought. About hating his father and wanting nothing to do with him, he did try to impress him. Deep down he really did want a father figure, and he wanted to make his father proud.
Sherlock woke up the next morning and stretched a bit. He just laid there in bliss and stared at the wall for a moment. He decided he should probably get up and that his mother should probably take her medicine, he huffed slightly at the fact that Mycroft hadn’t been in already. He sat up and shook her gently, “Mummy, you have to take your medicine and then you can go back to sleep.” He smiled softly.
John sighed, defeated, “My father usually throws me in the backyard and locks me out of the house at night… I’m forced to sleep on the porch in the cold. Now please just take the fucking bed.”
“Once upon a time there was a beautiful, beautiful girl. She lived in a small cottage just beside the river. Every day she would get up and go pick cotton. After she was done picking the cotton she would tend to her garden. Once the sun was high in the sky she would go inside and start making herself sweaters and scarves and warm things. She lived a good life, but she was so terribly alone. She was the only one in the universe it seemed. There was a terrible, terrible fire that had wiped everyone out, everyone but her that is. She survived because her mother had put her in a box and set her in the ocean where the fire could not go. She traveled the world for years looking for someone... Anyone! To tell her it was going to be alright. But no one ever came... Because there was no one left. All she had was the earth, the moon and stars, and the shelter.“ Sherlock’s voice broke on the word ‘shelter’, as he clutched his chest and hopelessly applied more pressure to the wound, even though John was pressing down with all his might.
"OH FOR THE LOVE OF-" he cut himself off and turned around while continuing his walking, well stomping, to London. Of course Sherlock would make a fool of him at a time like this! It was inevitable. John decided he was going to buy a map of the whole world and memorise it so that things like this didn’t happen ever again!
Sherlock instantly felt better, of course John would understand he had gone through the same thing and Sherlock had known that, but he still couldn’t help the voice inside his head saying John would leave him. He opened his mouth to speak again, but John beat him to it. “That’s not all of it though, is it.” He said quietly.
Once he was in the back of the yard John set his flowers on the ground and started planting them right away. It was weird in a sense because planting the flowers made him feel like he was slowly forgiving Sherlock, with each flower he planted he released some of his bottled up anger. He didn’t realise how much putting the garden back together could heal him, perhaps he should have done this sooner after all. But there was no point regretting the past. He also didn’t realise how much time went by, or that a man was standing behind him.
“Sherlock, you promised!” John groaned. He was tired and he just wanted to sleep.
About four days later it was time for the funeral. They had gone to the viewing the night before and Sherlock was a wreck. He had stayed next to his mother’s casket the whole time and would occasionally run his fingers through her hair. Even though she was dead she looked beautiful, really they did a beautiful job.
John whimpered and shook his head, though he knew they couldn't see. He just blurted out the address and ran.
John grumbled bitterly, dropping the nonchalant act as soon as Sherlock was out of sight. Of course Sherlock would take the first out he could get. He honestly didn’t even want to follow him, but this was about Lily and not Sherlock. He ran a hand over his face before going to the loo and rinsing the dried blood off of his neck. He was honestly lucky he didn’t need stitches, he shook his head at the thought and just picked the first game he saw. He put his coat on and then ran out to catch up to Sherlock. “You could wait you know.” He huffed. “Ever since I’ve returned you’ve kind of been a prick.” He mumbled, shoving his hands in his pockets. He would have blamed Sherlock running out of the house without waiting on the fact that he just didn’t want to talk about John’s question. However, this happened every fucking time. Sherlock never waited for him anymore, so he knew it wasn’t to get away from the question. That being said, at least he waited on the curb. There had been times he had just hailed a cab and left without him.
Sherlock just sighed and looked around some more.
so hurrah for that!
Sherlock fell to the floor and choked on a sob as he clutched the paper tightly to his chest. Everything hurt and knowing that he almost lost John for good practically killed him, after a long time he slowly grabbed his mobile and swallowed.
Mycroft sighed because he couldn’t afford to fly every wounded soldier home! People went out there knowing what could happen and yes some were worse than others and needed to be brought home, but an emergency landing? Really? Besides the fact they had hospitals over there, they could easily get the treatment in Afghanistan before returning home to further their treatment, “what’s the injury then?”
Shit... it smells like pee right now... who the fuck peed in my room... it wasnt me I can tell you that.
John put on a face as him and Mike walked into the room. He looked around and smirked a bit, “Well, bit different from my day.” He muttered under his breath.
"I don't even understand why you're doing this!! He's breaking, Sherlock! He tried to kill himself three months ago! I fear he'll try again soon and what if I'm not around..? What if I don't make it in time! I would come over to check on him only to stumble upon his dead body! Not to mention he would have died for nothing!" She growled out.
John went to the closet and pulled out a suitcase, he started throwing random items of clothing into it and muttering under his breath. If he stayed here any longer he was going to end up killing Sherlock and that was the last thing he needed to do.
She gave him a small peck on the cheek and then went outside and leaned against the wall.
Blake scanned his eyes for the reward the woman was giving and cringed a bit. “Fifty pounds...” He read out loud. John never took anything lower than two hundred and even then it was pushing it. It wasn’t that John was greedy or anything... He just liked power and he loved it when people gave him things for the jobs he did.
She rolled her eyes again, “Hmm, I don't know....” She smiled softly and watched as he laughed a bit. They continued to talk for what seemed like hours, they talked about anything and everything. John mostly talking about all the good things he remembered from Sherlock, he talked about his father and about Sherlock's father. And he really didn’t bring up the present, just reminiscing on the past.
Mrs. Hudson smiled, “I’ll make you tea, dear, but just remember that this is a onetime thing... I’m not your house keeper, but you should rest your leg.”
Sherlock tried to wiggle away, but his limbs were so heavy he couldn’t move them, “What did you give me?”
The reply was almost instant. The mystery man told him to meet him at the pool where little Carl died at midnight. Simple enough... He did have his doubts that John would come home while he was gone... Though, if that happened he would probably just assume he was in his room sulking. He slipped his coat on and then grabbed the memory stick. He took a deep breath and with one last moment of thought went upstairs to grab John's gun. He hummed and made sure it was loaded, and then left the flat.
John winced and growled at himself. "Sorry.. I don't- I don't know what came over me! Ignore that..."
Aidan put a hand on his back and started rubbing it, he was saying something to Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t paying any attention as to what that was. He really needed to think about everything, think about what he needed to do to get John back, but the worst part of all of this was, was that he was almost certain it was too late.
“Just in a hospital, we had to make sure you weren’t bleeding internally… you have a lot of bruises, but other than that your insides are okay… but you do have a broken wrist so you can't play rugby for a while, I’m sorry…”
Irene didn’t intervene – mainly, because this was true. She had a major crush on Sherlock, but he never seemed interested – even when she walked around naked in the back of the arcade. Though, she did only do that the once. She was quite jealous of John if she was perfectly honest. He was a lucky man… a very lucky man indeed.
“I did, Sherlock. It was time. Even if my body told me I wasn’t ready… I should have done this a long time ago. I just was caring about what people thought rather than what you thought and how you felt. I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’ll do better, I promise.”
“Ah, right. Well, he’s a prick and I never want to see him again. Even if he retracted his tip off.” He sighed before smiling softly at Sherlock, “I fixed your garden.” He hummed, puffing his chest out in a form of pride.
John was vibrating on this inside. He broke Sherlock... He
A month later and Sherlock’s mother was only getting worse, though, they knew from the beginning that she wasn’t ever going to get better. Sherlock acted like he was fine, but John could see right through him and it pained him that Sherlock wouldn’t even show him his true feelings in the privacy of their home. Still, he didn’t blame the man, he knew how hard this was for him and if he was in Sherlock's position he would try to remain strong as well. John would be the anchor Sherlock needed, he swallowed and held his hand one dreary afternoon, “So, I heard that she gets to go home today...”
Opportunity doesn't knock twice.
He huffed, rolling his eyes slightly, but nodding nonetheless, “fine! But only because I’m getting my letter from John today!”
Sherlock gave her a slight smile back, but was suddenly stricken with the memory of the first time he had introduced her to John.
"You can come in and see him if you would like?" Claire spoke up, and for that the DI was grateful.
“It’s a job that I’m going to invent.” Sherlock proudly stuck his chest out.
He was making tea when Sherlock came back from wherever the hell he went these days, he hardly communicated with him anymore. “Sherlock.... Can we talk..?” He set the tea down and walked over to him.
John smiled brightly as well and sat back in the chair. He closed his eyes and just enjoyed Sherlock’s company. He was about to fall asleep when Sherlock spoke up again. “John..?” He whispered quietly. John just hummed in reply and Sherlock chewed on his lip. “Will you lay with me?” He said softly.
She just had a terrible feeling ever since she got off work and no matter what she did she couldn’t shake it. She knew it was honestly such a stupid thing, John was most likely fine – hating himself for sleeping with a woman, but fine nonetheless.
The Detective Inspector nodded slowly and after a moment’s hesitation he began to speak again, "How is he..."
“I don’t like labelling people because I find it very degrading and just because a woman likes to sleep with a lot of men does not make her a slut, but I can tell just from looking at her that she only wants one thing from you and once she gets it she’s going to leave. Maybe not right away... she’ll probably stay the night and then try to slip away in the wee hours of the morning and if you wake to see her she’ll just tell you that she has to go to work, but she’ll call you and then you will never hear from her again.” She sighed, “I’m not... I’m not saying that one night stands are bad, John, I’m just saying that a one night stand is going to destroy you. You are in no way ready to sleep with someone else and I fear that you will back track. You’ve come so far and I’m so proud of you, don’t throw it away because some girl wants to get in your pants and you think that sounds like a brilliant idea. Also you’re gay so the fact you’re even considering this should tell you that you only want her because she is a blond, short woman, with perky breasts, and a light airy voice. The exact opposite of Sherlock.” She sighed again and looked at him, she knew he would be angry at her, but she couldn’t let him destroy what he had worked so hard on.
Mycroft swallowed hard and thought about it, “Fifty-three unsolved cases...” He whispered and held his hand.
It's still not the end of the story (maybe???)! but a good place to end it for now. But awww aww awwwwwww isnt it so cute? I'm peeling!!
The DI was silent for a long while before he finally spoke again, Sherlock suspected it was to calm himself down before he spoke. “Your brother tipped us a few days ago, Sherlock. He killed your father.”
“One day she was picking her cotton when she heard a noise. It was so small and so quiet that she almost missed it. Ohh, but she heard it. She ran as fast as she could to find this noise. She searched for hours and hours until finally she stumbled upon a teeny tiny shoe. She slowly bent down and pushed the leaves of the bush aside. Inside the bush there was a little fairy all tangled up in the branches. The little girl gasped and helped the fairy free. ‘What are you doing in there?’ The little girl said in amazement. ‘I thought I was alone!’
that was so dumb I lost a brain cell. Perhaps you were better off without the joke. heh.
Mike grabbed his arm once they got to the top of the stairs and John turned around a punched him in the face. He groaned and shook it off, “I deserved that, but John... you didn’t find out who he sent to save him.”
Moriarty rolled his eyes and walked around him, “Always so dramatic. He was away in the army, Sherlock. He wouldn’t have known, and you even thought you were infatuated with me, but the past is in the past and now we’re going to play a new game.” He narrowed his eyes and stepped up close to Sherlock, so that their chests were practically touching.
“John Hamish Watson, You’re under arrest for the murder of Sigar Holmes.”
UNTIL NEXT TIME BITCHES
Sherlock took a breath and decided to just be honest and blunt because he really didn’t care what anyone thought, “pretty much, yeah.” He shrugged some.
Sherlock could barely contain his laughter. John was one of a kind that was for sure.
Sherlock stood up abruptly and shoved Mycroft hard, hoping he would maybe fall down on his bum and break something, “HE WHAT!” He screamed. He wasn’t very happy considering this happened a week ago and they were just now telling him...
John slowly stood up and walked about the flat more when Mrs. Hudson appeared, “Well, since there’s two of you, there’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing it.” She hummed and smirked at Sherlock who flushed.
DEUCES!
Q: Why did Mickey Mouse get shot?
Sherlock gasped and then came a couple of seconds later, he snickered and pulled John down on top of him. He didn’t care if John landed in his mess... he wasn’t about to let go of John – or the dog tags for that matter.
However, when she snuck a hand into his jeans and cupped him he pushed her away immediately. That. Was.
ANYWAY HERE IS THE IMPORTANT STORY!!
"John. You have until the count of three. One..." She kept narrowing her eyes and held up one finger.
The DI wrapped his arms tightly around Sherlock and held him close. “Shh,” he whispered to the shaking boy. “It’s over now. You caught him. You’re so brilliant,” He hummed. He was trying to help Sherlock the only way he knew how really and that was praising him… He was just a boy, but damn he really was brilliant.
“Okay,” John narrowed his eyes and looked at him. “Then where exactly are we? Because I’m hung over and I don't feel well, but you can keep looking if you’d like. Just point me in the direction which is home and I will be on my merry way.” He smiled and kept walking with him, when Sherlock didn’t reply he spoke up again. “It’s also getting dark sooooo you should just admit that we are lost.”
“It’s my brother’s name… well, his name is Mycroft, but I call him Cakeman because he is a fat man who eats all the cake.” Sherlock huffed, he would never forgive Mycroft for eating all of the Christmas cake before he had any one year when Sherlock was five.
“No,” He said in a dark voice, “I’m done with you!” He growled, “I have tried so hard to fucking please you and help you and you just keep me in the dark with
John just stared at him like he was insane. “Alright, mate, how much have you had to drink?”
John growled and cocked the gun, he didn’t say anything because he refused to play games with this blobfish.
“It’s done.” He said gravely.
trying, he really was, but John obviously didn’t see it like that – in John’s defence though, he hadn’t seen the Sherlock before he came back. His brain swirled around as it thought of many outcomes, but then Sherlock's eyes widened at the very possibility that John wasn’t going to come back unless it was to get his things. Sherlock’s hand slowly reached up and wrapped around John’s dog tags, he couldn’t have that happen! Of course he wasn’t going to force John to stay... if John truly didn’t want to stay then he would let him go because all he wanted in life was for John to be happy and if leaving made him happy then by all means he would let him leave, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to do everything in his power to stop John from leaving... He grabbed his coat and decided to chase after him, he needed to explain everything, he needed John to listen to the full story before he decided to be angry and leave for good.
Soon the bell rang and Sherlock ran out of the class as quick as possible. He had to otherwise the rugby team would corner him and beat him up for messing with John. It was funny really... They would beat him up all the time before John, and then they all became friends, and now they were beating him up again. Sherlock deserved it he supposed... and it wasn’t that bad because him and Brian were still friends and Brian wasn’t mad at him, but Sherlock thought that that was because Brian loved him... Or claimed he did.
Brian sneered, “then prove it.” He held Sherlock tighter against the tree, but moved his body away so that John had a perfect opening.
Sherlock took a breath and looked at John with narrowed eyes, “you’re being ridiculous.” He said slowly.
John tilted his head so Sherlock could have more access and more room to explore. His head was spinning and he couldn’t get over the feeling of how amazing Sherlock made him feel. Sherlock was brilliant in every way. “How far—“ he was cut off by a moan that had escaped his mouth right as Sherlock nipped at his neck. Sherlock's mouth was spectacularly clever and he vaguely wondered if there was anything that Sherlock couldn’t do. “Do you want to go?” he managed to gasp out.
John snapped back to the real world and dropped his hand like it had burnt him. “Oh, God. I’m sorry, Sherlock… I didn’t– I’m not– it wasn’t—” John was having a hard time putting words together because how did you even put the words together? Especially when he didn’t feel regret at doing so. He did, however, feel mortified that he had just done that. Really! What on earth was he thinking? Sherlock had made it absolutely clear on where he stood and he had just gone and grabbed the blokes hand like it was
John thought about this for a while. It would be nice to live with someone who actually liked him and not just someone who was forced to like him because they were related. “Yeah… alright fine.”
“Is that the best you can do?” he laughed to himself, although he didn’t find this situation to be hilarious at all. It was more a laugh of fear and nervousness if anything. “Oh, that’s right. I forget your IQ happens to be lower than a snail’s.”
John nodded once and glared at him, “What? Are you some sick fan of his?”
Ok… so apparently if he
There were a lot of things in John's life that he didn’t understand... He didn’t understand maths very well, and he didn’t understand how some people could hate Doctor Who, he definitely didn’t understand why the earth existed and what the point of being here was all about, but the thing John didn’t understand the most... the thing that haunted John in the middle of the night was how could he love someone that didn’t love him back? And not just that, he understood that people fell in love with others that didn’t return their feelings, but… How could he love someone who used him as their test rat and then broke them into little tiny pieces? He didn’t. That was the problem. John pondered over this for weeks before he figured out the answer and when it hit him it was really simple. John didn’t love Sherlock Holmes because he was in love with a fictional character. He was in love with the role Sherlock was playing and it was that night when he realised that the Sherlock Holmes he knew – the Sherlock he was in love with had died long ago. He was gone forever and he wasn’t ever coming back.
the man to suffer, not enjoy it.
Once he got there he collapsed next to Sherlock and grabbed his wrist softly, “Sherlock... Sherlock please...” He whispered quietly, his voice cracking. Nurses were trying to pull him away, but he couldn’t hear or see anything besides Sherlock. He screamed in anger when he couldn’t find a pulse, pressing down harder as if to make the pulse appear anyway. This wasn’t happening! Him and Sherlock were supposed to grow old together! He felt like he couldn’t breathe, he felt like he was about to burst into tears, but the tears didn’t come. He just slowly bent down and rested his head on Sherlock’s chest. However, it didn’t even last a second before the nurses were tugging him away, harder this time and John wasn’t strong enough to stay where he was. He settled for nuzzling his face into one of the nurse’s chest as he watched Sherlock's lifeless body, blood dripping out of his head and pooling around in the pavement. It felt like this wasn’t really happening, that he would wake up from this awful nightmare any second. He would be sleeping next to Sherlock and he would wake him up just so he could cry into his neck while the younger man held him... but the longer he sat there watching his best friend the more reality set in. That this was actually happening – and he wasn’t going to wake up, ever.
They ran for about five minutes and finally Sherlock stopped and smiled up at a building. He looked back at John and grinned. “It’s so old and dusty and rusty! It’s a brilliant place!!!” He started climbing on the dumpster to reach the window, slipping a bit due to the wetness, but regaining his balance.
. He hated how John could just sit there and lie to him.
“MYCROFT!!!!” He cried and kept screaming at his mother to wake up, but she didn’t. She never would. She was just another cadaver – she felt no different than the ones he experimented on and that killed him because she was never supposed to be like this.
“Berners Tavern!” He said excitedly.
John's jaw clenched a bit and he glared at the wall across from him. He wanted to say something, but he didn't trust his voice.
John frowned a bit, "I don't remember you buying a new pocket knife..." He looked at Sherlock and waited for him to reply, but when he didn't John sighed and continued on, "Sherlock... I know this is hard for you – it’s hard for me too and I wasn’t as close to her as you were... Your mother meant everything to you and I get that, but you can't get through this if you don't let me in... Let me soften the pain... Let me help you." He whispered.
A few hours passed and the two of them had finally made it back home to Baker Street. John could hardly look at Sherlock, he was fuming, but he also couldn’t stop holding Sherlock's hand. He had to assure himself that Sherlock was really here and that this was really happening. It… was all very conflicting to say the least. On the one hand, he wanted Sherlock to get out of his sight and to never come back. He was so incredibly angry with the man he didn’t even think he could ever forgive him. On the other hand, he wanted to curl up around Sherlock, climb inside his body and make himself one with Sherlock, never letting him go ever again.
"Of course they were me!" John snapped, "Who else would they be? See, people think you are so fucking smart, but I can outwit you!"
“Mm, quite right. So I ask you again... who are you?” He narrowed his eyes and growled.
Sherlock blinked at the door and then turned around slowly. “Oh… You’re on the floor… umm, why?”
Sherlock glared at him and nodded once, “gladly.” And with that he stood up and left. It wasn’t that he wanted to leave, but he didn’t want to have John see him cry, which is exactly what he did as soon as he was out of sight... Sherlock didn’t know this, but on that other side of the door John was crying too.
“Oh… well then I guess this is goodbye. See you on Monday?” John said, a little sad that their time together was over, especially when he didn’t make the most of it. This was most likely a one off thing too, he didn’t really think Sherlock would continue talking to him after given his position at the school. He was a rugby boy after all.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock slowly walked up to her and leaned in to hug her. He had been so good at keeping it together in front of all of these peopled, but in that moment he knew that this would be the last time he could touch her. That he could smell her perfume... He choked on a sob and held her tighter, “It wasn’t supposed to end like this...” He whispered brokenly as he cried into her chest.
people are going to read my johnlock fics when I'm famous and then I'll be on The Graham Norton Show and he will show this exact line that I'm writing now and I will just cry.
Sherlock growled, “We’ll get through it! Now, can we please not talk about that?” He snapped at his mother, walking further into the room.
Ah, so he is gay... or not. It would still need a bit of research because if he wasn’t into men this would make his task a lot harder, but so far God seemed to be on his side. John frowned and cocked his head to the side. He furrowed his brows in confusion, “Of course we’ll be needing two...”
John felt as though he was frozen in place. Before he started talking to Sherlock, he always thought Sherlock's eyes were intimidating when he was staring at you. This, however, was nothing compared to Sherlock's look. He felt like a bug about to be squashed on and all he wanted to do was run and hide, but he stood strong for Sherlock.
John screamed and sobbed as the car door jerked opened. Mycroft was standing there wide eyed. “Shit… John! Get him into my car now!!”
John walked over to one of the drawers and pulled out a pen and some paper. Claire at least deserved a note and in truth he probably should have written it before he took the pills, but he wasn’t thinking. He hadn’t been thinking clearly since Regan slammed the door to his flat. He sat down and scrubbed his face before slowly beginning. His writing was scratchy at best and didn’t really look like his writing at all. However, he only got a couple of sentences in started to feel dizzy, damn those pills work fast… He tried to concentrate on writing and managed to get in a few more words before he fell to the floor and passed out.
Sherlock took another breath as he tried to calm himself down. He wanted to leave now... he couldn’t stand watching John anymore, but he waited for both of them to leave before he let himself go. He wasn’t about to get caught all because he made a noise. That would just destroy everything that he had worked for. However, he needed to see John... He had a plane to catch that night and he was terrified he wouldn’t come back – he was always terrified he wouldn’t come back, but if anything was keeping him alive... it was John.
Sherlock was sitting on the couch doing his homework when Mycroft came into the room panting. Sherlock ignored him because Mycroft was fat and was often out of breath because of all the cake he had eaten. Actually Mycroft wasn’t fat at all, but Sherlock did love to tease him and he was self-conscious about his weight so it was the perfect thing to tease him about.
Claire stared at him sadly, “And you know that for sure?” She whispered, “She sees that you’re vulnerable. You’re an attractive man and an easy target for her... all I’m saying is I really–“
Sherlock held onto John tightly as he swam up to the surface as fast as he could. He finally breeched the top and gasped in air.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he swallowed hard before screaming and kicking the dead the body in front of him over and over again, willing for the man to wake up and call everything off. But that was wishful thinking. He took a shaky breath to try and calm himself down and he knew what he had to do, but he didn’t want to one bit.
John jolted at the voice cutting through the silence, however, once he saw it was Mycroft he relaxed greatly. “Oh, hi. I’m just fixing the garden Sherlock destroyed a couple of years ago.” He paused for a moment and then looked up at him, “After your mother passed away.” He said quietly and played with his hands. “I should probably get back now though… it’s later than I thought.” He cleared his throat and then stood up, brushing off the dirt on his jeans, though it didn’t do much at all because he was covered in dirt.
Three days later and John Watson dressed up as Sherlock’s John. He got in his car and parked a couple of blocks away from St. Barts hospital. John walked up to where Sherlock's room was and sat in the chair next to his bed as he watched him sleep. He didn’t know what Sherlock would do once he woke up, but he didn’t care... he didn’t want to be away from him and maybe even going to jail would be better than the pain he was feeling now. He sighed as he held Sherlock's hand and brushed his thumb across the back of his.
Sherlock’s entire face paled and he stood up as quickly as he could, that was all John needed to know that he wasn’t exaggerating, “John please... I can explain that if you just listen to–“
Sherlock cleared his throat awkwardly and rested his hand on John’s knee. “Father, I’m trying really hard. Please, stop talking to my partner like that.” He said as firmly as he could, while still sounding polite.
HELLLLOOOOOO!!! I want to post a chapter once a week and that beautiful day will be on Thursdays!! Because I love Thursday's! I don't even know... But I do however change my phone backgrounds every Thursday!!!! Yes.... Today is Saturday... But lets all take a moment to relish in the wise words once spoken by Queen Cyrus: "Nobody's perfect."
“John...” A soft voice whispered quietly as a hand came down and gently shook John. “John, wake up. We have to get ready for school.” It said quietly.
also i mentioned above about my assassin john story! you should all read that! all you have to do is click my name and then got to Everything Is Not What It seems, but i also know you are all lazy bastards so here...
John smiled softly and adjusted them so they were both laying down. John smirked and then started rutting up against Sherlock, they both groaned at the contact and Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut.
Sherlock took a breath and shook his head, “No, it’s not all of it. There is more. So much more and I don’t-“ he swallowed the lump in his throat and searched his face, “I want to tell you, I’m going to tell you, but I need you to give me a minute.” He said quietly.
John grabbed three men, they were newer… probably only their first week in camp, and hid behind an old rusted car that had been abandoned long ago. This was where they all hung out and played cards, while drinking cans of beer, and fucking around, however, now it was going to be their shield. It may have been rusted and weaker than normal metal, but it was the only cover they had and he was going to make due of it. He was going to save these kids and as many more soldiers as he could.
“Well I woke up and fell on the floor because Sherlock is so noisy and then me and Sherlock had sex in the shower, he was already a bit loose from the night before. It was so—“
He clenched his jaw and then hung up. He did need to leave. He swallowed hard and went back to Sherlock, “Hey...”
The door swung opened and before Sherlock even knew who was opening it he started panicking some more. “I need to know if John is here!! Is John here?” He swallowed hard as he saw Zack's eyes narrow.
“Anything’s good. Just what you can remember.”
“Not as such, but I’ll have to do as our expert was nicked. She shared a few relevant details; how to tell what sorts of fae you’re dealing with, how to deal with them without getting cursed or worse, which humans use them, how, and why… Things of that sort.” Sherlock watched carefully as John started to sweat and shiver.
“Myc- how do you figure that? And
Smirking, Faas leaned back and tapped his toes on the floor. “‘Please’ might be nice.”
This was a hard chapter to write, it feels really short to me, I don't know what I'm doing.
“How is Sherlock?” She asked as she stood from the chair they’d brought up.
Bluebell gave him a look, then gazed out the window. She didn’t much like the city, and soon the green would be all but gone. “Yeah. But unlike you, I know I can be wrong. And I don’t like when people piss all over others who’ve made mistakes. So just tell me and we can skip the dramatics.”
Sherlock smiled. “I wouldn’t dare miss it.”
Mrs Hudson came through the hall at a fast pace, already cooing over the little girl.
Sherlock was finding himself busy with the things he
“Actually I only pointed out it was a ridiculous case. I was not wrong, wouldn’t you agree?”
choose, that interest you. But you’re picking up after me instead, you’re babysitting me when I’m injured, and you’re talking to me about
“Does your master know what you’re up to, John?” Steward asked, his teeth flashing when he spoke.
At that question, Kar put her cup down and looked carefully at John. Even now, there were several sprites hanging off him that he either didn’t see (at their behest) or chose to ignore. He didn’t look overly special, nor did he give off any odd energy. His Shift was rarer than most, but that’d happened plenty without this result. “Maybe it has to do with your character. Beings of magic have a better sense of these things. Or, do you maybe have an odd birthmark, tattoo… some jewelry you always wear or something else that you always keep on you?”
“Yes…” Mrs Hudson sighed, both fond and sad. “Those’re my boys. Greg was nice enough to take it for us, the dear.” She squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t think you’ve seen this one before. You didn’t notice us take it.”
“That is what people say, is it not?”
Then there was a rush of activity as medical professionals buzzed around. They took John, though Sherlock was reluctant about that. He participated in some kind of staring contest with Mycroft while also keeping the mess of blond hair in his periphery, watching an IV being started, blood taken, general looking over…
“Oh, I forgot with everything going on. Harry called while I was in hospital. She insists on coming to visit next week.”
“What the hell is going on?!” A familiar voice yelled, and the small crowd parted to let her in. Miss Kar stormed towards them, though she also did not cross the line the Neighbors had created. She turned to address the mob. “
Sherlock let his head tilt just slightly and he cocked a brow. He didn’t speak.
John turned around and put his hands on the sink, leaning back. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
And then they were back on her, and Sherlock’s character. John supposed, as he watched them and kept to himself, that with a brother like Mycroft it was likely Sherlock had attended at least a few social gatherings of a more elite crowd. Honestly the odd part was that Sherlock had brought
Looking down and away, John raised a hand to rub over his face. “I don’t… know if we can. It was hard enough to get into one of those events, how would we possibly find where the lots went?”
And the artists patreon, because fund this asshole.
John’s eyes went to the doorway, though his attention never left the boy on the bed. The real Faas stood there, wearing an expression of worry and anger John had never remotely seen on him. He walked into the room, giving his brother a wide berth.
as Sherlock had put it. “A kinkajou.”
Rumligen Castle was much more impressive and a great deal less foreboding in the light of day, and by way of the front gate. Less of a castle and more of a very large, very old church, it nevertheless inspired awe.
Making his voice portray an undercurrent of defeat, Sherlock huffed right back. “Well then, why don’t you enlighten me? What amazing event did I walk out on?”
Sherlock tugged minutely on John’s sleeve. “I think we can let them sort it out from here.” He nodded towards the door.
Sherlock ripped his arm from his brother’s weaker grasp. “I took care of it properly.” He hissed. “Until you yanked on it, it was fine.”
“We are taken to the places we need to be.” She answered simply, blinking slowly.
“I was thinking.” Sherlock mumbled in his defense, draining his teacup and pushing the china away from himself. He pulled the album closer and flipped to the next page. It didn’t help, there were more shots of him and of John, and of the two of them together. Most were candid, and on the second page was one of John pulling an afgan over Sherlock’s curled, sleeping form on the couch. The caption read
The weight on Sherlock shifted, the growling maw raised to look in the direction Sherlock’d come.
“We can't raid the place without his connections, Sherlock, and if you're not going to compromise I'll just go with him by myself.”
There was a tinny, short bark from the area of the kitchen that made Lestrade jump. He managed to not spill on himself, and replaced his cup carefully before looking over. Sherlock had twisted himself to face them with just his tail, his paws were still, and he was obviously glaring.
“Wha- really?” John was barely following.
John rubbed the bridge of his nose. That bloody tone, that infuriating ‘this is not a question because the answer is so obvious there would be no point’ tone. “Because.” John huffed, taking a step closer, “There are two of us.”
Tearing out a page and folding it against the pad, his fingers remembering the pattern. Harry had always been competitive, most often by making and comparing paper planes. Seeing which could make theirs go the furthest. He’d never bested her, but he’d gotten good enough to show off at primary.
Reaching to help herself to Sherlock’s port, the woman sighed. “Nothing more to be done, I’m afraid. If she’s out there, I will find her. That I promise.” She looked adoringly up at Sherlock, taking his mask off the table and putting it to her face. “Thank you.” She handed him the mask with another sigh. “You must be exhausted. Could I offer you a place to stay tonight?”
“Posterior third of the left parietal bone, left half of the occipital bone shattered…” Sherlock mumbled aloud as he reviewed it himself. He skimmed the rest, then tossed the file on the floor beside himself. “Thank you. Not overly helpful, but thank you all the same.” He lay back and closed his eyes to think.
“Young man.” Mrs Hudson replied, cross at him. “I have been trying to reach you! I might have something that can lead you to John.”
. Heira is a term of endearment for those like us. Family. Sister.” She smiled at John, the first real expression she’d given. “Brother. But you reject your Fari side. Why is that?”
John felt an odd twinge in his gut, but ignored it. “So you have had friends before.”
“The first time someone engaged my services was before the death occurred, actually. In Uni. You’ve met Sebastian, the other students in my year had comparable attitudes towards me. Except another man, who seemed as friendless as I was at the time. Victor Trevor.”
Sherlock looked off into the woods. “We should move.”
John turned to see Sherlock and the lady of the house coming across the grass towards them. Beside them walked an animal, held with a silver leash, though it was slack, attached to a funnel-shaped collar set with jewels.
She stopped at the end of the plank, before the ladder to the roof, and turned. Sherlock thought she was giving up until he saw her grin and her eyes flash. He pushed himself harder.
“You’re not going to deny what you are.”
“I feel…” Bluebell interrupted, sounding like death trying to be pleasant, “my current vocalizations are pretty indicative of this scene…” she barely got the sentence out before retching again. Punctuating her point.
“Hm.” John finished his assessment and, deciding their captive wasn’t in any medical danger, turned to the Shifter. “Sorry. In the odd circumstances I forgot to introduce myself. Doctor John Watson. And the other man is my partner, Sherlock Holmes.”
“I dun think you should talk ta him, Mr Holmes.” Faas replied, eyes fixed on John and Bluebell.
Then he took her hand and checked the door again, this time successfully.
“Yeah, maybe for other people. But with you it usually means you’re doing something you should either have told me about, or that I really won’t appreciate.”
Sherlock, on the other hand, was entirely ignoring the auction. He made his way over to John and knelt with him, checking him over. When he went to undo the coat, John hissed in a whisper.
By the time Faas returned with a large and very expensive-looking microscope, Bluebell was asleep and John was monitoring her vitals. They’d been consistent, at least as far as the last few days.
But she still did not move. “I will not do that.”
She leaned in and pressed a kiss to John’s forehead, just under his hairline.
Between that and Sherlock getting the latter end of a baton to the head, John decided he couldn’t wait. “Bugger…” He cursed under his breath and leapt forward. Other than an odd chill and a rumbling in his chest from whence his shifts began, there seemed to be no effect as he rammed a shoulder into the person Sherlock was grappling. They were sent hurdling back and off their feet, the baton skidding across the floor out of their hand.
“What?”
Next chapter will be out this week, dunno when, still just the 20 chapters planned. Don't think that's all there will be.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he felt John stiffen, unsure of what that meant. He watched John’s eyes widen and follow unseen movement around past the light, and felt an awful twinge. This world he could never access, that John was entrenched in… A place he could not follow.
“Seven. Fine. Of those seven, only one knew what they were doing. Or at least, weren’t mucking about randomly. The rest of the room is gibberish and things made to
Bluebell laughed, and she stood as well. “That’s plenty to be going on, I think.” She gestured towards the door. “Thank you for the tea. You’re a lovely woman.”
“Nevermind, just use the emitter.” One of the handlers took out the little speakerbox-looking machine, like a sort of wonky hand radio. John recognised it, dread hardly having time to settle in his gut before the screeching had him in a cold sweat on all fours. It was a slightly lower, or slower… he couldn’t tell… but his bones creaked and nearly vibrated as the shift took him in slow motion.
Both men scrambled to grab at the glass, but John was already closer to the ground. He smashed his fist down as hard as he could at the awkward angle. ‘
“John! Give me the gun, I-”
“John.”
John turned to Moran with a fierce glare as the smoke swept around his feet. The chill and damp made him instantly feel freezing. He grabbed the mesh, which lay inside the larger metal bars to keep the smaller Shifters from getting out, with his free hand. To preemptively steady himself when his body failed him.
“Don’t be silly, you were hit quite spectacularly. Let me look at it.”
family. Neither of ‘em Shifters, they didn’ care much when they found out. Not surprising, he was so eccentric ta start.
The butler didn't have time to scream as the creature descended upon him, taking all of him in its maw.
I apologise for this oversight and any harm it may have caused. I will endeavour to improve in the future.
A figure was upon him and he jerked away, recoiling in a ball.
plane, either.”
Sitting up and dragging his favored throw over himself as the towel slid into his lap, Sherlock’s discerning gaze followed John as he rolled down his sleeves and did up the cuffs by the door to the landing. He kept quiet, a dark expression on his face.
Past the burning that encompassed every nerve in his body, past the near inability to think at this point, Sherlock mustered the awareness of anger. He had maybe seconds to make a deal before he lost consciousness and went into shock.
“Hm.”
Bluebell regarded him. She found it easy enough to not be offended by him, like an adult to a child who didn’t know any better. Of course, at least on some level he did… but on many others… “Do you really need to...”
The master criminal stepped forward, his attention off the men against the wall, and gingerly picked up the little brown bunny by the scruff. He stood tall and held the ball of brown fur at eye level. “Lights down.” He drawled lazily. Somewhere unseen, a lackey dimmed the lights. The grin that slowly spread across the maniacal man’s face was illuminated by an eerie green glow. “Miss Bellefeuille. Your return causes Dr Stapleton quite a problem.”
And with that, John rolled over so his face was in the hay and thought about the time when he'd once again wake up in Baker St.
“You can hardly go out on your own again, or out of the village at all. Just tell me who the suspect is and I’ll go.”
“I am not certain. But there was another ataem helping them.”
“And you’d better come with him. Don’t do anything stupid.”
For those who chose to love themselves and not roll the trigger dice.
“Easy, dear.” The woman’s soft voice tried to soothe his tension, which encompassed his whole furry body. “It will wear off in a moment, and if you feel up to shedding…” She pushed a pair of hospital trousers at him with a matronly smile. “We’ll give you what little space we can.”
-Basically the entire chapter is Sherlock being dramatic (aka himself) and Bluebell shaking her head a lot but following along anyway, and annoying him but in a way he's not super used to because it's not from a place of bitterness like most of the people around him who are assholes ANDERSON. There is zero romantic chemistry. And there never will be. This fic will eventually be johnlock. Sherlock still sort of looks at her as a rabbit, which is why he's more fond of her than people.
Sherlock was here… Sherlock had found him after all that time…
“Sherlock.”
“Are you going to let me put them back on?”
John watched as Sherlock read it over. “What is it?”
“Hm.” Sherlock nodded, his hand touching John’s forehead and pushing lightly back into his hair.
There was one clearly inhuman footprint in the mud of the pond, though mostly ruined by intruding police investigators, that if he could place could be the last piece he needed.
“Yeah…”
The players gather.
Tilting her head, still dusted with the vague remembrance of her smile, Cennerous but a hand on John’s shoulder. “Why then, Heira, are you here?”
vapid
Sherlock’s eyes squinted a second, then he folded his hands behind his back and stood a little straighter. “‘Shifter’ then. Yes. Not just ‘werewolves’, though that’s what you are. A warrah. Falkland Islands wolf, Antarctic wolf, dusicyon australis. An animal researched by Charles Darwin preceding its extinction in the late 1800s. I doubt you’ve been around that long, so it’s not directly related to the species itself. And Dr Frankland... he was a larger variety, grey wolf, canis lupus. Black, though. Ironically. He spent most of his time in a half shifted form while wandering the mist, meaning you don’t need to or perhaps not all can become fully shifted. As you can. The formation of…” He stopped, looking at the expression on John’s face and scrunching his brow. “John.” He wasn’t impressed, relieved, annoyed. He still looked tired, very tired, and had basically stopped listening. “Did I get it wrong? No. That’s not…”
Sherlock let out a fond huff. “I know you’re concerned, John, but we can’t take steps backward.”
“As much as I ever am."
Then his gaze idled over to the skeletal creature shuffling across the living room (or sitting room, or whatever. Not that it mattered.). “And how are we today, Miss Rabbit.” He asked, as if she were capable of telling him anything he couldn’t figure from looking.
Both of them seemed subtly shocked by this gesture at the same time. Sherlock's hand froze only a whisper of a moment before it withdrew, and he turned and walked out easily.
He had no idea what the freed bogle had done, there were no traces save the glass on the floor and the curtains at the end of the hall fluttering in the breeze.
Sherlock carefully opened his door and got out, taking off his shades and tucking them in the 'v' of his shirt. He came around, but before he was within five feet…
Faas tittered. “Jus’ be careful, alright?”
“Yeah?” John swallowed.
“You've been more than patient. Thank you.” He said, keeping his voice down to avoid attention, should there be any of their abductors about.
“The animals in the morgue may have been just that, but Shifters were certainly here, recently.” She mumbled under her breath. Sherlock watched curiously as her eyes lost focus and glazed over, and she seemed to be speaking without making noise. After a few moments of inaction, Sherlock stood and began to inspect the other artifacts in the room.
All this research into real world places, especially with the stipulation being 'away from civilization', is making me want to travel. Too bad I'm super poor!
“I suggest you take Doctor Watson seriously. He is, as they say, the ‘good cop’ of our operation.” Sherlock hummed, backspacing to erase a line of data he’d written.
“Actually, you could have.” Mike said as he accepted the pitcher and glasses from a waiter.
Sherlock’s mind whirred with (finally) new information, and Bluebell took a gulp of her tea and a biscuit. “Kirsty Grant.”
She approached them on the bench and took a seat. “You may go. I will indicate when I have finished inspecting them.”
John stepped in front of Sherlock, facing him. “Let’s have it.” He put out his hand. He had a sick feeling in his gut they needed to finish this task before long, and especially before the sun was completely down.
John let out a breath as the detective was able to regain his grip before the jar was out of his hand. They looked up but couldn’t see the gunmen past the stage lighting. They’d had to have taken Moran down much more quickly if they were going to escape. John and Sherlock exchanged looks; John of weary gratitude and Sherlock of calculation and… wanting permission. John’s head was spinning too much to catch what his friend wanted to do, but he trusted whatever it was the genius had cobbled together and gave him a minute nod.
“John.”
“No no, she’s quite lovely. Spirited, definitely. But I have not been able to show her off yet. Come, come.” She put up her hand but stayed sitting. Sherlock didn’t miss a beat, standing and taking her hand delicately to assist her.
“Very well. Why did he come here?” The butler gripped him a little harder, sneering.
So. Seeing as this chapter is going to be so very long, I have decided to break it into five parts. I think it's better to do it this way, so I can update more often. It's making the chapter numbers go wonky on me and that's irksome, but I think... with time... I will get over it.
“Tell me.” He goaded, eyes narrowing with interest. He didn’t miss the tick of a grin pull at John’s face before it was smoothed down in the serious nature of their discussion.
John grabbed Sherlock’s wrists to stop him, he wasn’t listening. This was ridiculous… “I’m a bloody doctor, I can handle it. I have some bruised ribs. I’ll be half blue up one side for a few weeks. I didn’t see what happened too well, he hit you too.”
And halfway around the world, even as Sherlock and John were boarding the train to Switzerland, Andrea and Mycroft were not fucking around.
Finally, what he was waiting for emerged. Not from the horizon, but somehow melting out of the side of a mossy hill. He stood still, watching. Frowning.
If anyone has a favorite endangered animal, or one that's recently (within the last century or so) gone extinct, please leave a little info about it in the comments. If you're lucky, it may appear as a character!
“Just you wait…” John sighed, finishing his toast and eyeing his partner. “It’s true then? Your family is big in the Shifter community?”
“Who… you’re a romantic, obviously. You
Waking up this time was a little easier. John thought dully that the concentration of the drug was either lowered or they used something different. He wouldn’t be able to tell until his brain stopped doing cartwheels under his skull. He was also able, to his great relief, to stretch his limbs and fully open his mouth. But movement next to him made him jolt in surprise, and his eyes shot open. He blinked quickly to adjust his eyes and brain, and he saw a pair of large eyes looking back at him. Another few blinks and their owner became apparent; a middle aged woman kneeling beside him, wearing what looked like a hospital gown.
Sherlock thinned his lips, regretful. “John, I didn’t mean it that way.”
John came over and put a hand in the table, leaning on it and wiping the other down his face. “How?”
“Yellow-throated marten.” Sherlock whispered.
Then, much quicker this time, the figure in his hands expanded and pulled with its excess weight, and then the piercing icy eyes were smiling at him, in place of the saucered black ones, under the messy black curls.
It took about another 15 minutes for John to settle down enough to shift back. The fact that at least two of his fellow captives were children did not help his concentration. It all made him the kind of angry that stilled his entire body and seemed to replace the very blood in his veins. When he was finally ready to face them, he was more frustrated at how he'd handled himself than anything.
What even are chapter lengths? Leave an answer in the comments!
Both Shifters turned to look at Blythe. John turned to face him, sitting on the floor to maintain eye level. “You’re not in a position to be asking questions. Are you going to cooperate now?”
“Tell me the rules.” Sherlock straightened up and looked over. “Tell me the rules for dealing with the fae. It’s long past time we start tracking them down, unless you have a better idea. You’re getting your cast off this week, I’m capable enough with my cane for now. And the faster we start on this, the less likely another irate family member will show up and try to kill us.”
John sighed and gave in, concentrating on getting his pajama trousers back off without either hurting himself or taking too long.
Getting close to the finish line! Don't worry though, Chapter Nineteen will be disgustingly long. Not as long as what was technically Chapter Seventeen but still.
“John, let me-”
The sylph stuck out it’s tongue at him but put the watch back and flew at him, making his short hair go every which way, before resting around his shoulders.
“Sherlock that is not what we discussed.”
Still, as John sat between them sipping his coffee, he wondered if he wasn't of a mind to just take Sherlock’s side and hope dismantling the Shifter trade alone was easier than playing referee to two Holmes’. That and thinking back to the offhand comment about the ‘Christmas dinners’ Mycroft has alluded to the second time they'd met. Maybe he should get their actual mother involved, find out if she could handle it any better than he was.
. Missing persons cases from that populace more often than not went cold. They often couldn’t go to police without risking exposure, and if they did, they had to omit too much.
.” John commanded.
“How exceedingly rude of me, a thousand apologies my lady. It is because of your personage and your elite history that I have finally come. I am Antone Cavendish, of the London Cavendish’s, and this is my companion, Mr John Malone.
“Right. Yeah.” John licked his lips.
“How much does it make sense to you, Doctor, that your bones shift and your skin sprouts thick fur, and you lose your ability to speak? You have been part of a very small world most of your life.”
Reestablishing his grip, Sherlock helped John to the passage that would lead them out.
They’d gotten very nearly to the main road when Lestrade jogged out after them. Sherlock turned, hands in his pockets. He gave the DI a sour look.
“No.”
The last thing he knew, Sherlock’s blood was in his nose and rough hands were in his scruff, pulling, pulling.
After carefully closing the trapdoor, making certain he hadn’t caused any noise, Sherlock took out his pocket light and faced himself toward the stage. He shone the light up at the door he’d closed. As Bluebell had predicted, it had a circle drawn on it. Only because Sherlock had no affinity with magic had he passed through unimpeded. John would be unable to come out this way.
“Better. If you don’t like me messing with you, go hide in your room.”
“I’m sure.” Sherlock returned, a note of sarcasm there, before he leapt down onto the grass on the other side.
“No.” Sherlock’s blank face twisted into a grimace. “But I will.”
None of those questions much mattered, really. But John still asked them, to himself or to nothing.
Here's hoping two chapters today makes up for the unplanned hiatus. Issues with my doggo were more pressing.
Running a palm over his face, John sighed. “No, you’re spot on.”
“Do you think Faas’ brother poisoned Bluebell?” John asked, finished taking her pulse.
So, I guess I want to say that as much as it is for me, this work is for you. Yes, you. The person reading this right now. You're awesome. Also, did you do something with your hair today? It looks great.
John swallowed, “Sorry... the tube was really crowded and I don’t have enough money to take a cab everywhere...” He whispered quietly, he hardly had any money at all. That being said, the last thing he wanted from Sherlock was a handout.
He didn't want to move. He didn't want to get up, but he knew he had to hide the evidence or Claire would kill him. Not that she really had any control over him, but he didn't exactly want to hurt her, he was already doing that enough as it was. He slowly peeled himself off of the floor and grabbed the bottle, stumbling to the rubbish and throwing it away. He knew that that wasn't the best hiding place, but it was the best he could do for right now... And thank god for that because Claire just walked through the door.
I chuckled. bwahah!!
John choked and collapsed to the ground on his knees. He kept crying and he felt like he couldn’t breathe, but he needed to breathe, he needed to be there for Sherlock.
“He’ll come around… I may or may not have pissed him off last night as well. He’s just taking it out on you because I just ignore him when he’s a prick.” Mycroft assured.
If you don’t leave right now I’m going to bloody well lose it and smother you in kisses.
Sherlock just smiled as he wrapped his arms around John and closed his eyes. Minutes passed before he spoke again. “What are we doing about school…?”
DEUCES BITCHES!
Sherlock shook his head. “He’s rude and I hate him! I don’t want him to meet you! He’ll say you aren’t good enough or- or something! He treats me like everything I do isn’t enough and you are enough, you’re more than enough. So, I’ll be damned if he tells me that just to ruffle my feathers or something.”
SEE YOU SOON LOVELIES
"Why you little-" he squeezed harder, cutting off John's airway.
John was practically shaking with anger at this point, his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides. He really did need to try and get his anger issues under control, but hey, at least he wasn’t attacking her. ‘Lover boy’?! Who the fuck did this woman think she was! John had no idea and he didn’t like it, but he was going to be a
Sherlock's world came crashing down. This wasn’t supposed to happen!! Not like this! And all he could think about was John! John, John, John, John,
“What...? I’ve known you for like four days and not once have you thanked me for ‘making you a better person’.” John grumbled beside him and narrowed his eyes even more, Sherlock thought if he narrowed them anymore he wouldn’t be able to see anything.
I painted my nails and they are beautiful!
“John...” Sherlock whispers and swallows, “I don't know what you want from me... please... I’m sorry...”
John looked him over for a moment and shook his head, “No, it’s not.” He whispered and set the empty ice cream tub on the nightstand. Jesus, he was going to lose his six pack and toned body… and for what? A man who wasn’t the same man he fell in love with? He knew he needed to stop thinking like that, but he couldn’t help it.
His heart was pounding and his lungs were screaming, but he did one strong breaststroke kick into the car and got John. He was expecting to have to undo a buckle or untangle him, but to Sherlock's luck he wasn’t tied down at all. He grabbed John and then pushed off of the seats to get out of the car. John wasn’t moving and that terrified him, but he refused to believe that John had died. He wouldn’t believe it... not now, not ever.
Sherlock had rolled his eyes, “Yes, a friend. His name is John.”
“Oh... right... umm, I don't really know just surprise me?” He frowned a bit and kept staring at her, he really should stop staring at her, but he couldn’t help it. She intrigued him.
John rolled his eyes a bit. “I thought it was rather obvious... Don’t make me spell it out for you.”
Sherlock growled and looked down at the ground, he didn’t like it when people demanded things of him. He didn’t realise that that now extended to John as well, especially when it didn’t use to. He swallowed thickly and thought about everything in his head, if this was a dream he would want to savour the time he had with John and he wouldn’t want it to become an awful nightmare where he told John no and stayed behind. He had those dreams before and he always woke up feeling empty. However, he woke up feeling empty when he did go see John so Sherlock supposed it was a lose, lose situation. “Fine... I’ll be over in a few minutes.” He missed John so much he wasn’t going to pass this opportunity by him. John didn’t hear him though; he had already hung up the phone right when he finished giving his little speech.
