Cas and Dean let go of each other, Dean turns for a second to collect himself before he faces them. „How long have I been gone?“
As Dean and Cas are sitting on the front porch, smell early autumn air and hear the song of crickets, Cas asks „Are you sad that you don't have kids?“
The nervous bulk in him, that seemed to make him trip, the warmth in his chest, the fluttering in his stomach, the dry tongue, the audible swallowing. Even if he tried hard, he couldn't ignore how nervous he was, when he left his room and how happy he was when he found Cas. Maybe scrolling through a book in the library. Sometimes he found him sitting in the kitchen. One time he was searching for a freebie in the cereals package. At the exact same spot where Dean was sitting right now.
Cas looks deeply concetrated as his thumbs run over Deans nipples, and as Deans cock is hard and looks even longer and bigger under the warm water he observes him, saying „You are … you're something. Today.“
„Yeah, studying is the long term plan, but for that you need money. So until then I do some research for scholarships or programs. Worst case scenario is working till I got the money.“
One evening the brothers were sitting in the library, they had a good talk about what they want from life, what they are hoping how life will be and what they plan.
Donna and Jody are following Dean with their eyes until Donna says „Go get him, tiger.“ They start giggling while Sam and Bobby are sharing a frowning glance. Dean just shakes his head and smirks.
They were getting older. Their days a bit more alike. Dean wasn't talking about hunting for a while, even if he still had a gun under his pillow. The impala was most of the time in the garage. Mostly they took baby for a roadtrip at the weekends.
After a while Sam and Eileen planned to move out if Sam would get a place at college. Dean was very silent these days, knowing that their ways would part soon. Those times he laid often next to Cas, on Cas, in a tight embrace with not much talking. Often with his head in that space between Cas chin and collarbone. He felt disoriented and seemingly only found back, when with Cas. He was his morale and most of the time brought his enthusiasm back. „Angel qualities.“
The brothers looked at each other. „Not bad. You found yourself a market.“ Dean sighed, „He's doing better than us. What's with our skills? We should get us ourselves some jobs were we could hunt and kill things.“
Dean smirked and looked around in the kitchen as if he was searching for something. His head was heavy and felt warm. As his gaze wandered aimlessly, he noticed his blurred, shaky movements and felt like he was stuck in a time-lapse. That's how drunk he was.
And as Cas lays one of Deans legs over his shoulders and again seemingly looks at Dean for approval, he just exclaims „Oh god, do it to me already.“
„I have no fitting words for it. I never thought it could be like this. Overwhelming. And … so good. And for you?“
In response Cas, still dripping wet, carresses his face and kisses him with a tenderness, that melts something in Dean. Just now he notices how much he needed all of this and whispers in Cas ear „You can have everything from me. Name it.“
„Yes. You?“ he asks, Dean just nods, not capable of holding back much longer and dares to go a bit faster.
„So what did I miss here while I was looking for darling over there? Something new?“ When Dean said „darling“, Cas looks down smiling. The change of expression is not unnoticed and Dean shares the sentiment, smirking shortly and feeling warmer than before.
„Well … I didn't. The first minutes I though 'What did I get myself into'. But then it was really good. You were awesome. I never saw you like this … you know.“ he paused. „Wanting. Longing. This much. I mean … you were seducing, but you know that, right?“
Dean opens his eyes, some tears are dangling on his chin. He draws away and directly looks in Cas opened, blue eyes and frowning face.
All these couples around them are what they are to each other. They are Holding hands, kissing, joking, laughing, arm in hand, embracing. What a couple are we? Dean thought. Are we like this? Could we? Should we? Do I want this? Does Cas? He realizes that he never had what someone would call a "normal relationship". Holding hands and all the corny stuff. Maybe with Lisa. That feels like it was ages ago and he wasn't sure if it wasn't simple "pretending". He looks at Cas, who is calmly observing everything. People, movie posters, ads. What does he want? To be on display? Does it matter to me? To be here with a man, holding hands, or kissing in public? Why wasn't I thinking about that before coming here? Somehow he feels clumsy, awkward, stupid. Like it's his first date. The strange thing is - it may really is.
Dean looks back to the guy, which starts talking with his female coworker, both glancing back at them. They attract attentation. And are recognized as a couple? Maybe.
"Time works different around here." Cas grips him tight and feels somehow exhausted, lets his head sink on Deans shoulder. "Now I don't have to loose you again."
With every motion Cas hard cock moves, up and down, slick with precum. On edge, boiling, Dean starts jolting in Cas, who moans loud with every move as they come, first Cas, then Dean.
„I suppose. That stuff about not getting what you want … you had no idea? I always thought you look right through me. Like you … as if you can read me.“
„And you did nothing wrong. No, I, I just … I could have lost you. I … .“ he says with a leveled voice, still trying to avoid crying.
Dean slides up and rests his head next to Cas', so that their eyes meet. He intertwines his legs in Cas. „I won't lie, I like it better when you let me fuck you.“ He says. Then his scam breaks and he has to laugh. Cas doesn't understand and looks puzzled, slightly smiling. „What? Was it bad??“
„It's okay. Everything is okay. We are here now. Everything is allright.“ he says, caresses Deans face and hugs him again, holds him as close as he can.
„So you really had sex!?“ Eileen exclaims, giggles and Cas and Sam in the corridor frown and don't dare to look at each other. Until Cas asks him why he wasn't saying anything about college.
„Because you Sammy are awfully looking like a leader of the small hunter family recently.“ Dean is not angry, not surprised, just stating the facts. „And it seems like you're doing a bang-up job. Will you keep doing it?“
Dean enters thewar room, walking light-fooded, exclaiming with untamable joy „Look who I got here. The two people in the world I love most“ with a goofy, wide grin on his face.
Afterwards they're laying exhausted on the floor, their breathing the only sound in the house until Dean exclaims „That was so good. But. Fuck. My knees.“
Seemingly the Empty spat them out from the ceiling of the room. Cas helps Dean get up. He eyeballs Dean, all that has been said still rings in his ears and the whole situation feels surreal to him. Something in him freezes as he recognized what happened, when he saw this room the last time. Suddenly it appears to him as if it's just minutes that he left. The room, the confession, the slight hint of happiness, of getting all of this from his chest and then – leaving. His chest and lungs feel tight, as if there is suddenly no air in the room, nor his lungs.
He slowly pushes into him. Further and a bit further. It feels uncomfortable. Tight, rough. They readjust several times. Dean feels incredibly insecure and nearly thinks he's going to loose it.
„That's some mean trick, you know.“ says Dean. He clearly doesn't want to talk and avoids looking at Cas. „I don't have a choice to escape this discussion?“ he asks, muscles in his jaw grinding.
„I don't like it. It sounds too easy anyway.“ says Sam and exhales restlessly. „Are you sure about it? Last chance.“
All the dreams he had in the Empty seem far away. Dreams of his whole life. But mostly dreams of the last twelve years. Everything before faded to a grey mass, every century like the one before. And then there was the order. Dean. Sam. Truths. Trust. Disobeying. Questioning. Family. Jack. There was so much. And here they are.
The sight of Cas on him overwhelms Dean. Mouth opened just a bit, moaning, smacking his lips, riding up and down, his chest and stomach raising and lowering under heavy breathing. How often did he have him? Watched him? Made him come? He wants him even more with every time. Exhausted and aroused they are not really capable to talk much in between nor meanwhile next to a bit dirty talk, „I love you“ or „I want you“.
„You make me happy“ he says. Cas looks at him, silent, waiting for what's to come. „You asked be what I plan to do now. I don't know in detail. I just now you have to be there. I want every day to be like this. That's what I want.“
Cas reassures Dean is ok and after he agrees more seriously, he starts kissing his neck and even licks and sucks. To Dean, who still imagines Cas as stern, this feels incredibly lewd. Never before has sex been like a gift. All these new sensations, situations and images. "Precious" is corny, aword Dean crossed off his vocabulary but it fit's how Dean feels about every memory, lewd, comical or sweet.
„Why don't you wake him up and spit us out!? Then we are gone and you can go to sleep again. Isn't that what you want? You did it before.“ Inside he screams and curses himself - he probably shouldn't have reminded it of how repetitive this gets.
Cas is steadily shifting between passionate and insecure, attractive as hell in one moment, adorably helpless the next.
„No no no, don't get me wrong.“ And he snatches him, draws him close and presses a kiss at his cheek, than his mouth. „It was good, it was better than I thought it would be. Stop looking so worried.“ And Cas sighs noticeably, relieved.
While Cas and Sam were collecting dead wood, Cas feels as if he needs to walk and talk even more silently than usual to not to give anything away Sam hadn't already seen. To him it felt likethat moment between Dean and him was sticking. Visible around him, readable in his face. It wasn't. But he felt so different from one second to another. Not himself anymore? Or just different? He couldn't deny anymore how much he was longing for Dean, but somehow he felt as if he was letting go of something. Of a former life, a former self, he couldn't name it. And it felt relieving, but also strange and unsettling. Think about something else, talk about something else, stop your spinning thoughts, he said to himself, clears his throat and says to Sam „So … you know?“
No one dares to make a sound as the moment lingers, they feel each other, their warmth, their heavy breathing, their hearts racing and sweat at each others skin. Cas caresses Deans back and tries to look at him. But Deans head is burried in the space between Cas' shoulder and throat, head turned away from him.
Eileen tells them how Donna and Jody were apparently sending some funny messages about a good-looking uber driver to Eileen after leaving. But then accidentally switched to a group chat with several other hunters and now Donna has a date with a hunter instead.
„Phew.“ Dean sighs. They smile at each other. „Did you know, that you are glowing, when you come? 'S that an angel feature?“
Sam and Eileen sit in front of the laptop in the kitchen and don't dare to make a sound, they are even holding their breath. Since they have no sound on and Dean stands with his back to the camera, they have to guess that he is already reading the prayer. Their faces turned to the monitor, dipped in blue light, they see him falter, turn around and look to the camera, shrugging comicaly in an attempt to say „nothing happens“ as suddenly a black goo emerges from the jacket on the ground and swallows him whole. Sam jumps from the chair and screams „fuck“ and after a blink of the eye, there is just Deans bag and the jacket left in the room. Dean is gone.
Dean tried to imagine what he would find there and what he would say if he finds Cas. Or worst case the Shadow. Or … what if he finds nothing? What if it would just put him to sleep or he dies right away? His conscience tells him, he should discuss this with Sam. But there is a chance he wouldn't let him go if he brought any doubts to the table. But next to doubts, there is just expectation. His mind is completely occupied by the idea to see Cas again, to fix it, to bring him home. Like an overpowered machine, he sure cannot rest this night. His knees are twitching, he nearly cannot sit stil, is it morning already? A knock at the door frame and he sits straight and faces Eileen.
Dean choked on his food, coughing, while Cas says with a shocked expression on his face „He was? I had no idea.“ while patting Deans back.
„Want me to come with you?“ asks Dean louder than he intended to and thinks to himself that he is a fucking coward.
It was like a waterfall and the impact of their questions as well as his own answers simply wash away as soon as the words crossed his lips. He glances over to Sam, who smiles reassuringly as if he wants to say „Give him at least some minutes. It'll be okay.“
Cas hesitates. „I noticed something. But then I was not sure if it is enough … I just feared you would push me away. I was in your head, you remember? Not so long time ago. That time when Michael … . I could have searched for your thoughts on me, but I didn't dare to. Anyway, it was inevitable to notice something. When we were searching for your happiest moments, there wasn't even one with me in it. So I guess that was the moment, when I accepted, that I don't have a place on your life. Or at least not such a huge impact on you.“
„Sorry but that's stupid. Everyone deserves that and is to some degree capable to express and feel that. And sorry Dean. Maybe that's too hard on you now, but I think Cas made it clear how much you mean to him. And you? You didn't tell. Love? Do you love him?“
Dean looks, it's his Zepp Traxx Mixtape.His gift. The sight and gesture hits him. Immeditaley he feels his cheeks getting warm and clears his throat. „Ah, no, right, there's no tape deck in this car. Sorry.“
During dinner Sam gives them amused glances, Dean cannot overlook while Cas acts as he would like to be invisible. If Eileen asks him anything, he responds suspiciously monosyllabic while Deans smirking is nearly offensive. From time to time Sam tries to communicate with him mutely with vague facial expressions and gestures towards Cas, when he turns his back at them. It is like a pantomime that swallows every chance to a serious conversation. Eileen is thrilled to observe these sillies running in circles and finally bends slightly towards Cas, saying „I'm happy for you two.“
„That's two questions, but they're both a yes.“ responds Cas and walks two steps towards Dean. He's not appearing nervous anymore, so maybe it worked, thinks Dean.
„I'm just waiting for you to tell me, that you want to go back to heaven or you have orders and leave and I'll … I don't know, never see you again!“ It all blurts out of him, he sounds angry and he is and doesn't mind keeping the volume low.
That this cannot feel good for Cas and he's doing it wrong. Doubts are torturing him and he avoids looking at Cas, thinking that he surely senses that something is wrong.
His back and neck muscles are a tense, wiry, net, hard as stone. Cas pauses and caresses him with one hand before he starts stroking his nearly not anymore hard cock, gripping Deans hips just with one hand.
Yesterday at the bonfire he said he needs to look for Eileen, be careful, not loose her again. But then on the other hand hunting with her was fun and sexy. Then again Eileen would go on with her education and be a lawyer some day. He on the other hand was even declared dead. There is no Sam Winchester anymore. And no Dean. Lots to figure out.
The warmth of the fire radiates and adds to the warmth in Cas chest. There are so many sensations he just started to notice. Everything seemed to be so much stronger, visible, overwhelming and confusing. He let go of the feeling of guilt, of a duty he neglected, of potential danger or questioning. He believes this is good. And it doesn't feel bad at all. To think it, to allow himself to „want Dean“. To want to „be with him“. He feels set free. Nervous, incredibly nervous even, but free.
„You want to be left alone. At least that's what people say. I can give you full control over what's happening here. Close it up for you. With you inside. No summoning you anymore, no angels, no demons. And I take the ones that are here. It won't bother you anymore. But … I believe that's not really it, isn't it?“
Cas face with closed eyes, opened mouth, moaning as in deep trance and lust. Cas touching his neck, make him look at him. Cas on top of him, his muscles rhythmically moving on him, his contractions while he still is inside of him. Cas relieved expression after he told him he loved him. Now, here they are, Cas hard cock presses against Dean.
The door closes behind him with the familiar sound and Cas thoughts are just spinning. What happened to Jack? To Chuck? Did something changed Deans mind? Was it always like this? How much time has passed? Is this real? And if so, where does this leave him? Deans words, his gaze, the taste of his lips linger in a corner of Cas' brain. He is too aware of the heartbeat in his chest, his weak knees, his tingling stomach.
„Look …“ Dean goes on, „if you are not hurt, unwell, feel like I'm taking advantage of you … if you liked it, just enjoy it. I do. It's okay. It took us a while to get here. Who judges us?“
Cas frowns, clears his throat and says „And you won't think anymore that my mannerisms are cute. What was once funny or nice may starts to annoy and distress you. It's years. I'm living under humans for years. A decade. I know that relationships change. And I guess that happens especially when you don't have to fear each others death every week because of some near-apocalyptical event. I just like to think it's possible. I'm sorry I shouldn't have brought that up. You were joking and it's okay.“
„We were just talking about the relatively easy side of it all. Not about the part with sorrow, remorse … or regret.“ Dean exhales frustrated and adds „And shit.“
“Maybe I'm back in half an hour. Maybe in two, three, maybe they don't even let me pass heavens gate. Who knows?“
„SO!“ exclaims Sam as he sees Dean in the library, sitting in front of his laptop and smirks, when Dean frowns in pain and blocks his ears. „Shit, Sam!“
came to get him and the weight of his words. And he exhales long and rests his head against the trunk of the tree and smiles with a somehow painful expression on his face. „So what Dean said ….?“
Looking at Cas for confirmation, for anything and bends over him as far as he can, embraces him, feels his warm body and how he grips his hands in his hair and his back.
„Guess I have a trauma … all this nonsense fucked me up. Forget about it.“ And he draws him in a kiss. Much to his surprise Cas rolls over, grabs him from behind and whispers in his ear „There's one more thing I ...“
The day came at which Sam and Eileen moved out. Sam got a place at a college. Scholarships wouldn't work out, but maybe after a first semester if he performed well. He would look for a job and best case would get easier through the next semesters, worst case had to work to afford every further semester. Nevertheless he was happy. As they put their last boxes in the car they rented, Cas told them he had a present for them, which they would have to fetch in the garage. Curiously they went looking for what Dean already knew: a massive dining table Cas made on his own.
Cas puts a nice and gentle kiss on Deans mouth. Now that they both dared to show each other their weak points, they seem to be even.
When Cas and Dean went to bed this evening, Dean talked about getting a job as a night watchman. It was another idea nearly every evening. A depressing evidence of how much Dean hated his job. He hated sitting in the evenings in the library and do some homework for school. But it would just be three more months and he could take the exam, which would give him a highschool certificate and open some more doors.
Cas nods, laughs without a sound and looks down to the waffle in front of him. Dean observes him and feels like the weight of the world was lifted from his shoulders. Thinking that the first time in his life something seems to be working out. He looks in Cas eyes noticing how light blue they are. A shade the dimmed light of the bunker usually swallows and won't give back. One of the many reasons why he secretly liked it very much to go for a case with Cas, which happened too less. Him nearby, dailight, the road.
He finds back to what he's doing, struggles with his tie, exhales and hurrys. Dean sees Cas naked chest appear after his shirt and undershirt are gone, his nipples, a tattoo in enochian, he smirks and thinks to himself „Right, my angelic boyfriend has a tattoo, I forgot.“
„Things worked out before. Or I wouldn't be here.“ They just smiled at each other. She was the one living, warm, loving example that it doesn't always end bad. That there aren't always horrible footnotes.
Cas lays a hand on the Impalas radio, then the whole car stops after a bright flash. The battery died.
No answer. Jack smiles and goes on. „I'm glad you did. I wanted to talk to you for a while now and I could neither be here nor summon you.“
Cas notices the shift. But it still hurts. He may knows, that what's waiting for them „after“ isn't bad at all. But when he looks around him, his heart aches and he already misses their life. Without telling Dean he prepares everything, he tells Sam. And they come over more often. More often than the suggested weekend with barbecue. At the phone Sam was calm, shocked, muted, but calm.
„Having a relationship with someone who appears as a man – is that a problem for you?“ This evening is going to be really challenging. Cas hears his heart racing.
In fact Cas cannot sort that person into any label, nor can Dean. He couldn't tell the biological gender. He doesn't see definitive signs of age. Or ethnic. As if that person is everything, he sees stereotypical attributes from different origins, which makes nothing stereotypical. There definitely is a special aura around that person, but he reads a human pattern. That one is no one and everyone at all.
He tells Cas to wait, to rest a moment, to relax, not to overdo it. Even if not really hurts Cas, it does something to him and he wants them both to have fun. Cas just looks at him surprisingly calm.
Cas hesitates. „You know … I didn't fear telling you. I feared the consequences. I guess that's the usual problem with love confessions.“
How can he always be better than everyone else? How can he be like this? Why does he always seem to know what to say? When to treat him like this and melt something in him?
Humans were always a surprise. Moods changed from second to second. Nearly every word could induce a shift, could hurt. But he was able to read most of Deans pretty soon pretty good. And soon the capability to feel became for him the equivalent of being alive. And humans seemed to be so much more alive than he and all his fellows. And then he was so much more alive than he has ever been.
The same day he was still hyped about Cas and saw him with somewhat different eyes when they lay in bed. They were now together for over a year, but he never stopped surprising him. Cas lays on him, they were resting and relaxing. Dean looks down at Cas back, the muscles, his body calm and in a near-sleep-like-state. Dean strokes gently over Cas back. As he rests his hand in Cas neck, he looks up to him and Dean kisses him. Nice and sweet. Then grips him and switched so that he lays on top of Cas and starts kissing him. Wanders down to his throat and gets more passionate. He started biting and sucking him.
Dean hesitates and gestures as if he wants to wipe something away „I'm not good at it. It always looked like so much more is at stake. Than just fucking and a bit relief and a bit fun. I was afraid to loose you, man. Everyone left me sooner or later. Mum, Sam left, Cassie, then Dad. You choose to stay with me. Longer than anyone who's not my blood. You've been a
It's served: eggs and bacon. Burger. Pancakes. Pasta. Vegetables splices with cream cheese. And so much more. It was fun to watch for Dean. Observing how hesitantly and carefully Cas puts small bits of food in his mouth while Dean devoured it as if he wasn't eating for days. It was very soon very clear, that the less food is processed, the less it tasted of molecules, because Cas found himself eating raw carrots and other vegetable slices and some fruit. Dean made some fun about that and said that if Cas turns out to be a clean eater, they would have their first banter as a couple. To which Cas responded, that they already had their share of banters.
„Must be angel qualities“ he whispers, thinking that these blue eyes may truely looked all the time right into him.
„Again, yes.“ says Cas glancing over to Dean shortly. „And now?“ Is it his heart he hears racing or Deans?
„How heartbroken exactly?“ and all start speaking or laughing simulteanously, just Dean is still not amused.
„I know, I know“ says Dean, feeling the cool wall and exhales tiredly. Maybe he has done too much, maybe too less, he may said he knows, but feels like he knows less than nothing. Right now he just feels stupid and would simply like to vanish. Bobby pats his back and says „Let's go grab something to eat. It will be okay.“
„Dean, I really would have liked to see you both, together.“ He leans over to catch Deans tired gaze, who then simply nods.
„You think that's not fair? But this is what happens to all of them. What happened before and what will happen. Fair is, when everyone is treated equal, right? Saying is that's a hot topic for you apes.“ The figure that appears as Dean smiles awkwardly, then it's face darkens. „Well, it's not fair that he lived next to you for twelve years and fought all your fights with you silently loving you like you are the moon and the sun and you pushed him away again and again, so that he was so completely sure you would cast him out of your life if he told you about his feelings. That's not fair. Riiiight?“
„I just noticed how seldom you had reason to smile or laugh the last years and I feel bad. It was too less occasion to smile and I could have made it better.“
No Cas in the kitchen. What a nice game of anticipation, he thinks. Though the corridors seemed colder as he entered the kitchen and didn't found him immediately. Dean calls him, wents into the war room, the corridor to their bedrooms and finally finds him leaning at the wall between his and Sams room. Cas sees him, looks down, smiles and says „After noticing that there is no salsa, I thought this is probably where you'll find me.“
After Sam and Eileen left, the silence in the bunker seemed to dim the light. For Dean it felt like the end of an era. Sometimes the silence at the bunker was a blessing, sometimes hard to take. Another example of how some glorious days passed and are finally over. In retrospect Dean remembered much of the good sides of hunting and roadtripping with Sam while tending to forget the extremes. Apocalypses now seemed to him as far away as if they were fiction. A mere glimpse in the eye of a cruel writer, than a cruel god. Cas was good at reminding him that not everything in hunting as they experienced it was great. But soon he noticed that these flowery stories about good old hunting days were Deans form of escapism.
The realisation about Cas identity brought a hot topic at the table. In the evening Dean is about to phone his guy for fake IDs, but he doesn't know what to tell him. Earlier Cas used Jimmy Novaks name often and still felt connected to him. Understandable. But for all persons in their life he was „Cas“. For Vincent and Maude who started treating him like a long lost son, for the people in Lebanon, for friends, for their family.
They take the impala to a rest area with parking lot near the starting point of the hiking trail. It's already autumn and leaves rustle over the paths. They decided for a trail that starts in a forrest near Lebanon, followed by a small mountain with not much difference in altitude, but maybe enough to get a glimpse of the landscape. Between brown and green foliage are already bright yellow leaves tumbling silently down. It's a workday and they are relatively alone on the trail. They walk next to each other through the forest. Cas asks Dean what his ideal vacation would be and how he plans to spend the next days. Deans admits to be less sightseeing hungry than Sam and Eileen. For him it would be okay to drive a bit around in the Impala, watch a lot of Netflix and eat good stuff. „And have sex with my boyfriend of course. Especially when Sam and Eileen are not around.“ he adds smirking and makes Cas blush and laugh.
Dean Winchester, who never missed a chance with a girl. He would just make an idiot of himself. And tears streamed over his face and he decided to go to his room before Sammy sees him like this. Not in possession of his right mind, the glass slipped and shattered on the floor of the corridor. He cut himself trying to fetch the shards.
„Castiel. They are already waiting for you. Go on.“ She seems friendly, maybe not overly, but more affectionate than most angels greeted him recently. He nods and heads to the sandbox. Going home.
His voice sounded somehow unfamiliar. A bit more silent, but echoing with a strange undertone. Dull as if every emotion was stripped from it. Or more likely as if the Empty swallowed it? He called till his throat was coarse and already lost his sense of time. He would have guessed he's wandering around for at least three hours, but it also could be thirty minutes, he wouldn't know. First he started panicking. Fruitless undertaking. Stupid plan. He came this far – is this all? There must be something. Then heat and anger spread in his chest. Now that he is here, he would do everything. And if he could neither find Cas nor get any clues on how the Empty works, he would do the exact opposite. He would make sure, that something finds him.
Dean sighs, he is not even looking at Cas, nevertheless appears angry. As he finally speaks, he sounds more sad than everything else. „Look … we had
As some tears roll over his face, Castiel caresses Deans back, presses a kiss on his cheek and gently brushes through Deans hair. It moves him how vulnerable Dean suddenly looks.
„Just … just give me a minute.“ And he sees something break in Deans eyes. Cas touches his back gently to give him at least something. „Just a minute“ he whispers and asks himself „Is this real? Because if it is real … .“
Some minutes later Dean lays half on Cas, who tenderly carresses his back and puts a kiss on his forehead. He gets up, props on one elbow. Cas observes his movements, the muscles working under his skin.
„The rake.“ Dean says and wipes some soil from Cas cheek. His glance lingers on Cas, who observes him too, studies his face. Dean puts a kiss on the corner of Cas mouth, teases him with his lower lip. He smells fresh air, soil and leaves.
Images are flashing through his mind. Images of him trailing wet kisses over Cas stomach down to his crotch. Nearly he feels Cas grip on his neck and back and his lips like a phantom pain,  feeling so good. Dean swallows, his tongue is thick, his throat dry. More as an excuse to touch him, he wipes the drool on Cas' chest slowly away, as he suddenly moves and whispers „You know I'm not really sleeping?“
„I want to fuck you. It's okay for me if you want to fuck me. What is it going to be?“ he asks, his face is burning red. It's so much easier to see him being nervous too, Cas thinks, leans over him and says „I learned that clear messages are effective in leadership as well as in sex, or what I know about sex from ... porn.“
Dean bends over to him, intensifiying the kiss, using his tongue and hears his heart beating and blood rushing. Deans hands are trailing over Cas arm, neck, back. They part after minutes and look each other in the eyes. It is different now than in the impala. Their breaths warm, their kisses becoming more and more eager.
. Dean swallows and repeats his name once more. He touches his face – he is not cold. Not like a dead body. But he senses no pulse.
„Yeah okay. You know … I recently said some things and did some things I'm not exactly proud of. So … If I get to heaven with a pretty big „if“. Where will you be?“
.“ she answered and her eyes seemed to brighten. Sam and Dean looked at each other frowning, listening as Eileen went on. Dean shifted his back and felt a strange jolt in his chest.
„Lovers?“ asks Cas and stops as the sun breaks through the foliage and throws bright spots around them. Dean turns to him and they face each other. „Yeah. Sounds right.“
„It doesn't bother me. We both made mistakes. And we both didn't realize or confess for a long time. That's not just on you.“
„Bible camp, hm?“ Dean mumbles, glances over to him questioning as Cas responds his glance with a dead-serious expression. Then he cracks and smiles, wipes over his face and blushes a bit. Deans face – priceless.
“If being their ‘punching-bag’ as you say, can help ease their pain, then I’m happy to be of service.” Meg continued.
“Wow, I’m actually impressed,” Sam chuckles. “So how does one of you even win this? I mean you can’t pretend forever?”
“No, that would likely be impossible, especially now that the angels will have found Efram’s body. I have a contact I can try to reach out to.”
Dean smiled and shook his head, flustered; Cas’s nostalgic call-backs always hit him right in the heart.
“Yeah maybe.” Cas shakes his head with a shallow smile. “So what do you want, Dean? What is it you want me to do?”
Cas huffs out a short breath. He looks away from Dean and watches to door for a minute, as if planning his escape. “I couldn’t speak for a whole community,  but I think my opinion matters somewhat considering I’m a part of it.”
“No. It was the most interesting thing I’ve seen all week,” Castiel says with a grimace. “You’ve ruined me, Dean.”
“Well, he’s not here, so his opinion on my best friend being a gay dude really doesn’t matter.” Dean pauses, then adds, “And even if he were here, it still wouldn’t matter, because I ‘shouldn’t be afraid to do something just because of how people might judge me for it’.”
“There’s no need to pore over reports,” Cas says cooly, running his hand over the sheets of paper spread across the table. “I know what we need to do next.”
“Will you shut up?” Dean snaps, seemingly more pissy that he usually would be if it were simply a case of sleep deprivation. There’s definitely something else weighing on Dean. More than that, it’s two things pushing on him, squeezing his brain from two opposing sides.
Eileen raises her eyebrows, but keeps her mouth shut. She turns to Sam and signs something that Dean can’t pick up with his still very limited range of ASL vocabulary (he’s been trying, but he’s not as good at learning stuff as Sam). Sam grimaces and replies with a dramatic shrug. Cas, who’s in the loop by way of his infinite angelic knowledge of language, looks to Dean with a blank expression. He turns to Eileen and signs something else.
A luxury, indeed, happiness. Cas had been granted but a fleeting glimpse and it was glorious. Though even in the moment it had felt bittersweet, not least in that it was the literal harbinger of his demise, but also in that it was… incomplete. ‘Just saying it’, as he had put it, was a truly joyful moment, sure. But of course, as he had expressed, he never did get the
gay in the same sitting. That’s new. Without wanting to make a big panicked move and freak the poor girl out, Dean subtly slips his hand out of Cas’ grasp and back to his side of the table. “That’s not- um, we’re not a couple, he was just looking at a cut on my hand.”
“Only a little bit,” he says, one arm laying loosely over his stomach, the other laid out flat over his head. “Were you trying to get me drunk?”
Still, Cas can only wish that Bobby could have lived to see the end of this conflict. Although, who knows whether its a blessing or a curse that Bobby was never able to see Dean sitting around his kitchen table once more…
Cas frowns. “No it doesn’t, not at all.” Cas takes Dean’s hands and squeezes them. “That’s not- I never meant for you to think that. You’re not pathetic for being afraid, it’s completely understandable. I just wanted to you to know that your fear doesn’t have to dictate your life; it really does get easier.”
It takes all afternoon to prepare dinner. It certainly doesn’t have to take that long, but Dean argues that it does if you want to do it properly. He also argues that he needs the kitchen to himself, even when Sam and Cas offer to help by doing something simple like chop vegetables. Dean insists that they never chop them right, and kicks them out. He’s so insistent on not being disturbed he almost skips the pleasantries with Eileen when she arrives. He doesn’t in the end, but they’re cut short by his timer going off. He’s thankful for it because it leaves Cas alone to drop the ‘news’ without him in the room.
Dean inspects his forearms. “Ah crap, looks like I been in a fight with a house cat. Must’ve been the weeds, they were kinda thorny.” Cas takes Dean’s forearms without a word and heals them one at a time. “Thanks, man.”
“We’re lovers in the nighttime, yeah, yeah, I got it,” Dean says. “But yeah okay, that sounds good.”
After a moment, Dean backs up to pull away a bit and gauge Castiel’s reaction, to make sure that Cas still wants him, but he gets his answer when Cas’ hands are at his waist pulling him closer.
Cas took the first step and walked into the entranceway. Dean quickly followed behind. The house was dark, with all the blinds left closed, the only light now streaming in through the open door, silhouetting Dean and Castiel in the narrow doorframe. Cas stood there, studying the blank walls, mentally populating them with where he envisioned they would put up photos of their family, past, present and future. Something about those blank white walls, the canvas for him to paint a picture of the life he had chosen, caught the angel off guard as he became overwhelmed with joy. The moment was only sweetened when Dean, who was having equally soppy thoughts about the prospect of a coat rack - a real place to hang his hat - intertwined his fingers in Castiel’s. Neither said a word for a good minute or two, not wanting the moment of pure indulgent fantasy to end - they were so unused to complete unapologetic wanting that it was so nice to bask in it even for a minute.
Dean wakes up alone. Again. His head is heavy, his body is heavy. His head hurts. His body actually doesn’t really hurt. But it feels like he’s got concrete pumping through his veins and his mouth tastes like gravel.
He releases his held breath when Dean emerges, but the anxiety doesn’t fade. “Dean, it’s good to see you.”
“I know; it’s adorable,” Dean chuckled. “It’s fine he’s not gunna grow into a spoiled brat just because we let him have the cereal he likes sometimes.”
Castiel’s face does not light up as it usually does when Dean approaches. He’s twiddling his thumbs, anxious. Dean steps towards him slowly. “Hey Cas,” Dean greets, his voice gentle. “You good? Did you still wanna go somewhere?”
“Perhaps that’s why the angels are winning.” Cas huffs out a sharp breath, cooling himself. In a low but stern voice he adds, “Don’t presume to judge me, Dean. You have no idea what the angels are capable of, or what they’ve— what they’ve done. I don’t enjoy hurting them. But some things are more important.”
“Oh, okay,” Cas says. “I just worried that you might have been upset at something I said or did. I know that this bet has been stressful for you and I don’t- I don’t want you to feel like you can’t be around me normally. If you wanted to back out-”
“Yeah, course,” Dean opens up his wardrobe as he replaces his clean shirts, leaving space beside him for Cas to browse. “You know, I might have some old stuff that you can just keep, y’know, permanently. That way you wouldn’t always have to come in here and take stuff.”
Cas finishes up taking a long sip, draining half the glass. “I apologise Dean,” he says with a sad smile.
It’s so strange to be on the other end of this. Dean’s been admired for his appearance plenty, it’s pretty much the only thing anyone around here’s ever rated him for, the only reason anyone’s ever given him the time of day. It’s been survival, in some cases more literally than Dean would care to admit. He’s used to being admired from the outside-in. This is not that.
The foul taste of the reheated stew is eclipsed by the general feeling of discomfort that’s overwhelming Cas from every side. Dean sits to his left, straight ahead there’s a window with a sigil messily painted onto the glass in blood. The blood is dried and dark, and it’s Cas’ own. Cas’ gaze naturally fixes on that window, the memory of a time when the mark was red and alive festering in the back of his mind.
The double doors swing open and there, flanked by an angel either side, is Dean. “No,” Castiel mutters. He turns desperately to Naomi. “Why is he here?” he demands. He is decidedly ignored by Naomi, a nearby angel holding an arm in front of him, keeping him in his place.
Efram’s breath is heavy and ragged. Cas presses the tip of the blade just enough to draw blood, and a tiny wisp of airy grace escapes like smoke. Efram screws his eyes shut tight. “I— We don’t know where it is. They’re looking for it but we don’t know where it is, okay?”
Dean shrugs and finishes preparing two coffees for himself and his brother. “What’d you talk about? Going rates?” Sam reaches out to smack Dean’s arm. “Hey! I’m handling hot water, bitch!”
“Have you child proofed everything yet?” Sam asked, frowning as he watched Jack nearly collide with the kitchen island.
Barnsend is lot more peaceful and friendly than one would expect for a town located where it is. If demons were to attack the citadel, there’s a good chance they’d decimate the place just by passing through. And if the angels ever decided to expand the little bubble of uninhabited, heavily patrolled land they’ve got around the citadel, Barnsend would be first on the chopping block.
“If I had to guess,” Castiel really would rather not guess, especially not when all his theories are so deeply terrifying. “I would say that while the blight was in your body, it bound itself to your very being and changed it, irreparably.” Sam’s expression goes from wary to outright horrified. “The change could be harmless, you may not even notice it. I suspect the headaches are as a result of your body adjusting to the change.”
Dean looks back at Castiel and for a minute they lock eyes without exchanging another word. It may not carry a financial penalty, but a loss is a loss. In a sense, he’s already lost; Cas was right, he is too chicken-shit to actually let people think he and Cas are together. But as long as he can maintain his crumbling resolve for thirteen more days, he wins. What’s more, he can make it even fewer if Cas forfeits first.
“I’m starving,” Dean states into the stale air while Cas struggles with the dodgy tape deck. “There’s a diner in a few miles, how ‘bout some lunch?”
Dean drops his head against the tree trunk at his back. “Alright,” he concedes, aware that he’s already asked enough of Castiel for one day. Castiel gets up first, extending a hand down to Dean to help him to his feet, ever the gentleman.
As much as he pities the angel, still he rounds on him one more time, fingers twitching around the hilt of his blade. Efram’s eyes widen in panic, his good hand scrabbling at the ground to push himself back. “You don’t have to kill me, Castiel. I won’t tell anyone what happened here, I swear!”
Jo’s eyes widen. She thwacks Dean on the arm. “Dude,” she squees. Dean is less excited. If Cas is involved then what they’re doing must be big; they wouldn’t dream of putting that guy on a milk run.
Dean scoffs and looks to Sam again, but he receives no support. Never would Dean have expected that he would be the sole opponent to the idea of sending a man to his death to save his own skin. Dean looks upon Bobby and his brother and he sees two strangers, morphed into something unrecognisable under the tiniest bit of pressure.
Dean shrinks into himself and bites his tongue, eyes focussed down once again. He wants to argue, he feels like he should. But what’s the point?
“Shut up.” Sam scoffed. Sam walked around the kitchen, checking out the cabinets and the counter-tops. He noticed something red and white scrunched up, and picked it up to inspect it. He unfurled the mystery item and upon seeing a red and white gingham apron topped with a ruffly heart-shape, he started snickering.
They do in fact shower and change, and they do feel better for it. While Cas is still ultimately unenthusiastic about the whole plan, citing the human body’s need for ample recuperation time after strenuous physical activity, he is ultimately convinced by whatever part of him let Dean put him in a cowboy hat the last time he was newly resurrected. Sam is not so easily swayed and outright refuses to come.
Sam stops dead in his tracks at Dean’s sudden, stilted outburst. “Dean!” he says, half heartedly attempting to match Dean’s frantic energy.
Dean sighs. The man is looking at him with wide, apologetic eyes. He looks like he’s about to cry, honestly. “It’s— yeah I get it, Cas, okay,” Dean says. He swallows. “I don’t think you’re a monster. It just took me by surprise, I guess. Things got heavy pretty fast.”
“There’s a lot I’ve had to get past,” older Dean continues. “A lot of crap I’ve had to dig out and you just- you’re a living reminder of all that stuff. It’s not your fault though.”
Sam pauses, deliberating, then nods slow. “Okay, yeah. But you know, I’m pretty sure you could achieve the same effect by getting him some clothes of his own, but hey man, whatever floats your boat.”
Dean’s not off the hook yet, though, since Cas simply reverts back to the thigh. Dean’s concentration was broken by the neck incident so it hits him like a static shock when Cas’ fingers curve round to the warmth of his inner thigh.
Victor steps in and stands by, patient as ever. Cas raises his weary head to face him, blank faced and empty.
“Well I don’t,” Dean lies. “I’m just kinda pissed that you dropped that shit on me without warning.”
Dean takes in his surroundings; they’re awfully familiar. He holds his composure, but inside his heart drops. The room is empty aside for him and Cas. His cell phone sits on the bed, his dad and Sam’s numbers sitting in it, aching to be dialled. But he knows that he won’t.
The cabin is better maintained than the old house they had spent the previous night in; the soft furnishings are actually usable and there’s only a thin layer of dust on everything. There are also actual beds with mattresses in this place. Only the two, unfortunately. Dean and Jo let Victor take one, out of a respect for hierarchy which they both deeply resent. Though it’s not like they were the only ones who had spent the previous night on the floor.
“I can’t kiss you,” he says, one step away from a whisper. His hands are still cupping Dean’s face, gentle. He runs one thumb gently over Dean’s bottom lip. The light touch sends tingles across Dean’s skin there. “But that’s an arbitrary limitation, if you’re creative. I’ve watched humanity for millennia, so I’ve got a few ideas.”
“It was nice to be appreciated,” Meg said, through a smarmy grin. “Wish it coulda lasted. But hey, empty’s great.”
“So I’ve been told,” Cas says. Satisfied with his work, Cas turns away to find Dean and try to placate him too, only to find Dean standing right by him, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed.
“So you stay here until you’re fully recovered. And I’m not asking,” Bobby adds, stern but kind. “Hell, I just lost my boys, I could use the company,” he adds with a warble in his voice.
“Hmm,” Cas pauses in thought, hopefully not about Dean’s ass, but who can tell. “I disagree on that one. It’s not inherently sexual or romantic, I think it should be allowed.”
“So…” began one woman, Rachel, pushing her long blonde hair behind her shoulder. “I saw the hottest guy at the playground the other day.”
“Nah, they didn’t pay me any mind. But they were talking to some of the locals. There were about five of ‘em in all.”
Dean rubs his eyes lazily and swings his legs over the side of his bed and gently presses his feet into the cool wooden floor, rising silently. He shifts his sheets back into place before padding out of the room.
They make short work unpacking everything, since most of their bags remain in the cart, only bringing out their food and bedding.
Even as dizzy as he is with the thought of it all, Dean’s still got enough wits about him to slow down once he starts edging towards the tree-line. Again, he hangs back, squinting to survey Castiel’s usual spot. He sees a lone figure— great, he’s alone. Dean’s about to take another step, but his stomach turns and he stops.
“You’re back early, was your boyfriend not there,” Sam says, mocking as he enters the room. His footsteps stop short. “Dean, are you okay, what’s wrong?”
He learns after an afternoon taking his anger out on some of the trees behind Bobby’s house with Dean’s old knife, that while he’s not as fast and strong as he used to be, his strength and speed far exceeds that of a typical human. In the same instance, he also discovers that that throwing knives at trees is an excellent way to destress.
Dean pops the cap and stares at the open bottle for a long while, contemplating. Glass or just neck it from bottle? He opts for a glass, because he’s still a cut above Crazy Jim (for now). He pours out a healthy four fingers and raises the glass to his lips when there’s a crash out back.
They finish up Jody’s list mid-afternoon, and head off shortly after, save for a quick refreshment break. They say their goodbyes to Jody, who gives Dean an extra pat on the shoulder after their hug which he’s sure is communicating something.
“No, nothing like that,” Castiel hums. “But my wings haven’t gotten much use lately, so they’re practically good as new.”
“Exactly,” Dean says, sucking in a breath as Castiel’s lips trail down further, skimming at his hip-bones where his pants sit. He feels worshipped, lying there with Castiel bent over him reverent. It should really be the other way around.
And you know, fear and paranoia’s a bitch. Angels start hanging around town bringing with them talk of demons and they tell you to watch out— well what do you do, really? Dean can hate them— and he really has no plan to stop— but he isn’t really sure whether or not he can blame them.
“It was a flirtation by way of innuendo,” Cas says, innocent. Not that fucking innocent, though, is he? “Couples flirt with one another.”
“Oh yeah, of course,” Dean says, voice rolling with sarcasm. “Frivolous entanglements. Nothing like getting drunk under the stars with me.”
“Yeah,” Victor says, elongated, a strained look forming in his face. “I’ve been getting the feeling you two don’t get along much.”
“That many suggests they know we’re close,” Castiel states. “It won’t take them long to find us here.”
“Oh,” Jody chirps, shocked, but seemingly not all that surprised. “Well about time. Congrats. You boys hungry?”
And he let the man go. He watched as the man stumbled away, clambering back towards the forest’s edge in a frantic escape. Now, as the day dawns anew, Castiel’s mind reels wondering where this man is now. This man that he spared, a life that may continue on for years, perhaps spawning new life and on and on, as the cycle of nature permits to lesser beings than he. He wonders what this man may achieve, how his life, allowed to continue on by
Sam gives his sweetest little-brother smile that hasn’t been cute since all his adult teeth grew in. “Yes please.”
The two sat there for forever in a few minutes, feeling the warmth radiate from the other as the night air cooled around them. Moonlight bounced off the uneven water’s surface, sparkling as if it were made of diamonds.
After what for those two is actually a modest-length staring match, much to Cas’ surprise, Dean’s lips curl into a smile. “Hell no,” Dean says finally. There’s a hand at Cas’ waist and Dean’s pulling Cas closer to him, to the point just before their bodies touch. “I just realised, I’m playing this game wrong; I’ve been letting you play every hand.”
“Well duh,” older Dean says, shaking his head with a calm smile. “It’s been a rough few years, you have no idea.”
Sam breathes a sigh of relief as they transition into the cooler air away from the piercing light of the late morning sun. Dean huffs as he wipes away the sweat at his brow, taking a moment’s pause to drop his bags and catch his breath.
, Dean thinks as, unseen by his teammates, he rolls his eyes. He pushes himself up and swings his legs over the side of the couch. By the time he’s up and about, Victor’s done with breakfast and it’s all laid out on the table. Dean could certainly get used to this close-knit team structure where even the team leader participates in the busy work— it’s refreshing.
Dean manages to drag himself out of bed eventually, slow and sluggish. Sam’s sitting at the table with a bowl of soup and a book. “He is risen,” Sam remarks as Dean enters the room, eyes not leaving the page but for a short glance to the side.
“We’ll stay here tonight,” Cas announces. He approaches the back door, still holding onto it’s hinges, and if anything a little stiff. He pries is open and steps aside to let his party in ahead of him.
“We decide what is just,” Naomi states. One of Dean’s guards steps before Castiel and drops a blade at his feet. Not an angel blade, but a simple steel hunting knife— Dean’s own. “You plead ‘not guilty’. Prove it,” Naomi spits. “Kill this human and prove your loyalty to us, Castiel, and your crimes may be forgiven.”
When Dean goes on a grocery run, he usually makes his own list and slinks off without a word. He knows what he needs to feed everyone, he knows what’s important (bacon, beef, booze) and what’s not (sad green things and quinoa). Cas doesn’t complain much because Dean always brings him some new treat to try. Last time it was scones, which Dean was hesitant to buy since fancy British deserts are a little bit twee, but he had a feeling Cas would like them and he was absolutely right.
Dean feels a tender hand on his and raises his head to see Castiel leaning forward. “I don’t regret sparing you, Dean. I never have and I don’t think I ever will.” He pulls Dean in with a hand cupping his jaw and lays a gentle kiss upon his lips. “Sam is better off for it, and so am I.”
“Alright well this was a bust,” Dean mumbles, wanting only to break this strange tension. “Until next time, I guess.” Dean gives an awkward two-finger salute in farewell before slipping away.
Dean levels Cas with an unimpressed look. “Dude,” he says, flat. “Practice what you preach. ‘Sides, you’re the one who has the most experience going up against angels, we need you at your best.”
“Define ‘child-proof’.” Dean said, half-jokingly. Sam gave him a withering look. “Hey, kid, come on don’t run around in here.” Dean said to Jack before he turned back to Sam. “Come-on man, I’m kidding. We got soft corner-thingies for the coffee table.”
There’s a lot of paper strewn across the floor. Castiel wouldn’t have assumed the Winchesters were particularly meticulous record-keepers. He stoops down to the ground to look closer, brushing the papers over the floor to spread them out. They’re not records. They’re letters.
“Should I carry you over the threshold?” Dean joked, leaning over to Cas, face plastered with a grin.
“Light,” Castiel answers. “My wings made up a significant proportion of my body mass. Without them I’m less than half of what I was.”
Dean frowns for a moment, baffled, before his face melts into understanding. “Oh, yeah, that’s Cas,” he explains, a smug grin spreading across his face. “So get this; fabric softener. Neat, huh?”
“I pushed you into this bet,” Cas says, unable to meet Dean’s eye. “I goaded you by calling you a coward. And then I just- I kept deliberately making you uncomfortable, but I made you feel as though you couldn’t back out because there’d be a financial penalty and I-”
“So what’s going on out there? How bad is it?” Dean asks, focussing on Castiel’s arm, only passing fleeting glances up to his face.
“What about fiction?” Dean asks, raising an eyebrow. Castiel pouts, his shoulders drooping. “Okay, how about I bring you some books and you let me slip through that little side-gate?”
“Who are you, Dean Winchester?” Castiel asks, searching the man— Dean’s— face, his eyes, filled with wary, his jaw tight and his brows furrowed.
“Not yet,” the angel replies. He passes a glance to Sam, his face scrunching up in disgust. “What’s wrong with your brother, Winchester?”
“Then I will answer,” Castiel says. He raises his blade to his own neck and nicks the skin there. A silvery white swirl of grace trickles out, just a small amount that he can easily afford to spare, into a vial he materialises in his hand. Passing a thumb over the cut, the skin knits back together in an instant. He hands the vial, glowing white, to a startled Dean.
). Today though it’s mostly just something to keep his brain fully focussed and discourage wandering thoughts. Finally he heads to the sink to wash up.
I would love nothing more than to leave this godforsaken wall behind for an evening and meet your brother. But I
“Probably ‘cause I can feel you starin’ at it.” Dean haphazardly rubs the sleep out of his eyes with the back of his knuckles. He groans into his pillow as he thinks about dragging himself out of bed. He finally does, lazily trailing a towel from his duffel over to the bathroom and locking himself in without a further word.
They sit down shoulder-to-shoulder with their backs against the wall, passing this mystery liquor between them. Every sip Dean takes his face screws up so tight it makes Castiel laugh every time. Somehow he still looks beautiful.
Cas was taken aback as his heartfelt, though greatly abridged, tale of self-sacrifice was met with laughter.
He can see Dean, wrestling with all his might against the two angels at his side. He’s shouting, and though Castiel cannot hear the words, he can feel in the form of prayer a furious panic and outrage— he’s not just shouting from his chest, he’s screaming deep from his the core of his very being.
“You win,” Cas says, pulling several bank notes out of his pocket and presenting them to Dean. Dean doesn’t move to take them, so Cas lowers his hand, keeping the notes in his grasp. “I also wanted to say… I’m sorry, Dean.”
Dean’s face, visible now in all it’s hard worn beauty, falls into relief. That is before the hopelessness sinks in, draining the colour from his eyes, distraught expression taking hold. “I’m sorry, Cas, for everything, I—” Dean struggles, his voice shaky and weak.
Sam nods, a weak nod, his heavy lids already hanging half-closed as he slips into sleep. A deep, heavy sleep that Dean can hardly discern from death save for the sound of Sam’s breaths in and out filling the silent room.
“It’s like I said, he’s—” Dean clears his throat as he tries to talk while it feels like his airway is constricting itself. “He’s different, he’s good. He’s nice, I don’t know. I told him about you and about how you’ve been praying, and he said that he would answer. And he gave me some of his own grace.”
There’s a silence that falls between them, heavy in the still, sterile air in the cold, white room. There are a million different things they could say to fill it, all the ways two brothers know to say goodbye, but in a lot of ways, there’s nothing more to say.
“Well, I do occasionally. Like after a big fight when I’ve exhausted my grace, for instance,” he replies cooly. “Though I can sort of- well, Dean calls it ‘powering down’. It’s like sleep, though I’m still partially conscious. I don’t need to do it, but it allows me to share the night with Dean.”
Dean heads for the store as soon as he’s dressed - not like he had anything else on the agenda. And he’s roped Cas into going with him, which seemed smart when he suggested it, until he remembered that the grocery store is another public place. He couldn’t really get around it though, since it came up when trying to convince him to fix his hangover (which he did). Luckily, though, the grocery store’s not a particularly intimate place, so they can stick to hand-holding.
As they were about to head back into the kitchen, Jack ambushed Cas, throwing his arms around Cas’ legs.
Castiel remains quiet through this exchange, sliding quietly into the backseat, dropping heavy with a grunt.
The divvying up of the rooms is easy; Cas and Victor will bunk together with Dean and Jo next door. It’ll make a nice change sleeping in an actual bed with a mattress, that’s long enough for Dean’s feet not to dangle off the end (he
Castiel’s eyes dart up to meet his, blown wide with horrified panic. He shakes his head wildly. “They’re not dead. Just gone,” Castiel manages. “Shit,” he hisses, burying his head in his knees.
“I’ve spent nearly fifty years on this watch completely content. You and the books you’ve leant me have shown me everything I’m missing just standing here. I now crave drama and adventure— I was actually egging the squirrels on,” Castiel confesses.
Castiel’s eyes light up and he looks like he might start crying. He doesn’t, but it’s definitely an emotional overreaction to some berries.
“The answer’s no, Cas. You really think we’d be safer without you? I mean, none of us stand a chance against angels, but you could. Don’t you think we’d be better off together?” Dean argues. Sam nods his head in consideration.
“Are you sure you want to tell me?” Dean challenges. Cas’ jaw visibly tenses. It’s the smallest of signs, but it’s all the confirmation Dean needs to know that he’s heading in the right direction. So Dean removes his hand’s from Castiel’s and instead places them on his waist, gently pulling him a little closer til they’re almost groin to groin.
“Doesn’t matter, I still think I have a shot.” Tia shrugged. “What ‘bout you, Sara? You got your eye on anybody? Some nerdy glasses guy who reads Jane Austen or whatever it is you’re into.”
Dean sits back down with a small box, pulling out a cloth and dabbing it with some alcohol. “Patching you up.”
Maybe Dean is a test, not sent by the angels or even God himself, but a test of Castiel’s own will and virtue. He is an angel, sworn to defend the Earth against the plague of demonic influence. This man, who stands before him with Eden in his eyes showing him no reverence but the respect of equals— what higher calling is there than to save this man, to save Dean Winchester.
“Good,” Cas says, his voice deep, in a low murmur. “Okay, then, I’ll tell you,” Cas says after a moment more of intense staring that is almost indistinguishable from eye-fucking. “I must warn you, I’d be willing to go pretty far.”
Castiel sighs, pushing down his worries, and re-enters the kitchen, gingerly taking the seat beside Dean.
“I get it, you’re out of the game,” Dean says quietly. “I bet you probably want nothing to do with me. I must be hard to look at.”
“If you wanted to go to a restaurant,” Dean began, taking a second to swallow down his worry. “I would go.”
“If she were the angels wouldn’t hide it; her disappearance is something that they are deeply ashamed of. Her capture and execution would be a point of pride.”
Dean nods and pouts, taking a look around at the clean tables, the atmospheric decor, the classy glasses. Then his face turns, “Wait, you’re not hunting?”
He can’t breathe for the thought of where he might be. If he’s even anywhere, if the angels haven’t already— he can’t think about that. And it’s his fault, because of course it is. Because he, for one fucking minute, actually allowed himself to want something. Because he dared to think he could actually have it, even when it was really fucking obvious that he couldn’t.
The three of them file out and with a clunk-click, the bunker door is sealed behind them. And with that Dean is alone with Sam. Sam draws his eyes up from the volume he’s been skimming through to catch his younger-older brother staring at him with some intensity.
“Yep,” Dean says, giving Castiel another quick pat. “Okay then, buddy. I’ll see ya.” Lips pressed, Dean turns back to his brother and they head back into the forest where hopefully it’s dark enough that Sam won’t notice the redness in his ears.
Scored to a symphony of sighs and grunts Dean props himself up and forces himself upright. He swings his legs over the side of his cot and lazily rubs his eyes. Just as he does there’s a figure at the door.
“Of course,” he says, understanding of course that unlike an angel whose entire existence is service, humans have complex and multi-faceted lives and as much as Castiel might like (though struggle to admit) Dean can’t always keep him company here. “I wish him the best in his recovery.”
Cas just tuts and slides him a coffee. The older Dean chuckles to himself and takes his coffee over to the breakfast table where he sits beside Jack.
Dean’s been begging to put the damn thing out of its misery, but it really took the thing falling completely off for Pastor Jim to finally call in the favour.
Castiel firms his expression, hand resting ready over his blade hilt. “I wouldn’t try that if I were you,” he warns.
“What do you mean?” Dean asks, cautious as he tucks his anger aside to start tucking in to his meal.
They step out the car to meet Sam, who’s walking over brandishing to sets of keys. “You and Cas are in 7, I’m in 8.”
With his attention divided, the hammer slips and he bashes his thumb with a heavy force. “Ah, crap,” he exclaims, the hammer clattering to the ground as he hisses and curses at his reddening thumb.
Still, he bleeds, he hurts, he breathes and his heart beats in his chest and blood thrums through his veins. For now at least. He struggles against his own weight to lift his head and peer up at the hillside. His tree is up there somewhere, marked with the name of man he wishes he’d been given the luxury of dying for. It seems a good a place as any to die. But with his legs weighing a tonne and his wings torn from his back, Castiel is forced to ask himself, what are the chances he’d ever make it that far?
Dean looks back at his brother and widens his eyes in a silent signal for him to stop being weird and get the hell over here. Sam complies and steps forward, holding a stiff hand out to Castiel.
Bobby finds Castiel lying there and asks him what he’s doing. “Listening,” he answers. When Bobby asks “To what?”, Castiel doesn’t answer at first. He takes a moment to hear the wind disturb the grass, the calls of the birds in nearby trees, the buzz of the crickets.
“Yeah I heard,” Dean says, nonchalant. “There was an angel in town the other day. Maybe you know him, Azrael or something. Told me to be on the lookout for demons.”
Castiel reaches a hand around to the back of Dean’s neck and pulls him in. Dean follows the path Castiel lays out for him, deepening the kiss. Getting the message, Dean ups the ante with a slip of tongue. It’s electric, and Castiel welcomes it eagerly. If his mouth hadn’t been somewhat numbed by Dean’s hell-drink, Castiel is sure he’d lose his mind— though that’s definitely something to try later.
“I didn’t want her to tell Claire. After everything she’s been through, because of me, I couldn’t let that happen.”
Dean scowls as he continues working, careful not to tempt the pastor to continue by holding his tongue on any further comment.
“Alright, come on,” he groans as he gets up out the car. Dean slips out with ease, looking at his older self with pity at his old and creaky joints.
“Used to belong to a hunter named Joel, a man of letters,” Victor explains, getting to work setting up lamps around the kitchen. “He died. Figured he doesn’t need this place any more.”
you gotta go make your bed, now.” Dean added. Jack’s eyes widened and he rushed off down the hall immediately.
Finally, dinner is served. “Worth the wait, I’m sure,” he says gesturing his hands over the simply presented squares of lasagne on plates around the table. There’s homemade garlic bread in the centre of the table, as well as a side salad (ugh) that he made to appease Sam and has no intention of touching.
“He’s sick, he’s dying. It’s a demonic blight, deep, and it’s really advanced. I’ve tried everything—doctors, faith healers, witches, hell even some whacko calling himself a shaman, asshole tried to fleece me. The only thing that can save him is magic derived from angelic grace. The citadel’s my only shot, and I can’t give up on my brother— I’d rather die trying.”
“And all the times he has come running to save you,” Meg continued. “To the point that you’ve been in and out of this place like a goddamn revolving door. It’s only a matter of time before he comes swooping in to save his precious angel
Which is why he almost slams the brakes when he feels fingers ghosting the nape of his neck. His shoulders tense and squeeze upwards as he flinches very visibly. Dean swallows, keeping his face firmly forward not daring to meet Cas’ gaze. “I’m ticklish there,” he says by way of excuse. It’s not something Cas could really openly object to in Sam’s company.
Dean shuffles, taking a small bite of his sandwich. “Well it was just the one angel, but yeah. He let me go.”
“Anyway, then I spot this guy helping his little kid, the cutest kid by the way, on the slide. There are a few dads around sometimes, you know, but this guy- when I tell you he was cute, it’s an understatement,
“As long as you feel up to it, man,” Dean adds after he recounts the details of the case for Castiel. “Wouldn’t wanna put you back in the saddle before you’re ready.”
Dean swallows, eyes fixed down. He’s not sure why he even bothered lying to Missouri, even without a sixth sense she knows him well enough to see right through his cool façade. “Nah, not really.”
“As long as you know the name of the angel you’d like to reach, you can pray to them directly,” Cas explains. “There shouldn’t be any way for another angel to listen in, since prayer is considered sacred.”
“Nothing really, just sometimes he’d make comments about how me ’n Sam were supposed to act and not supposed to act,” Dean says, fiddling with his tiny umbrella.
Castiel hesitates, humming in thought. “Well, we typically consider all angels to be our brothers and sisters, but we definitely do not interact as the two of you do.”
Castiel is pushing himself slightly upright when Bobby returns. “Hey, no, lie down,” Bobby orders. “You’re in bad shape, you need rest.”
One glimpse of Cas in his boxers compels Dean to take him by the waist and walk him back until he can fall comfortably back onto the bed. Dean clambers over him, placing a kiss on his lips as appetiser, then his jaw, feeling his stubble rough on his lips. He moves down to his neck, hearing Cas’ breath catch and feeling his throat work as he swallows his excitement. Cas wraps his arms around Dean as he trails kisses down his neck, to his collarbone, his chest, his stomach.
Then, something occurs to Dean. A stray thought, really. He feels in his back pocket for the small butterfly knife he keeps there. He flicks out the blade and turns to the tree. “Do you mind?” he asks Castiel.
“It is our duty to defend humanity from demons. Perhaps some angels have forgotten that over the millennia but I have not.”
“You alright there?” Sam asks, his head dipped a little to the side as he watches Cas cautiously, worried that he’s crashed and trying to interpret the error message.
Dean scoffs. “Huh, could have invited me. My aim needs work, maybe you could give some pointers, Cas.”
“Right, yeah. Well I’ve got leftover lasagne at home,” older Dean smiles fondly as he slips into the front seat of the Impala. Dean stands there, dumb, for a moment as he realises that he’s got to ride shotgun in his own car.
Dean moves through his morning routine, sitting in the kitchen as Sam trudges in. “Hey,” Sam says, airy as he places the back of his hand the kettle, testing its warmth.
The man stares up at him, wide eyed. In the light of morning, the flecks of brown in his iris can be seen, painting a forest in his eyes, teeming with the light of life and the depth of dark. “Got, uh, lost again…” the man says, unsure even of his own words. Those eyes dart for just a moment over to the blade at Castiel’s hip.
Though the summer months are tailing off, the air is still temperate. There’s a sticky humid feeling that makes the air feel heavy and muggy, but the sun is gentler than it is in the height of summer. It’s a relief to take cover in the shade of the forest canopy as Dean drags his brother into the thicket.
“Really?” Dean raises an eyebrow. “Even someone like me? I mean, I tried to kill you. More than once. I stabbed you right in the heart.”
“Damn right.” Bobby places a hand at Castiel’s shoulder. “Me too, kid. Come with me.” Bobby beckons him out and leads him downstairs and through to the back yard. There’s a metal brazier placed there, filled with a mess of red fabric. As Castiel gets closer, he sees a metal clasp in the heap— it’s his bloodied angel’s robes.
Dean’s breath gets caught in his throat while Sam looks between the two, eyebrows raised. “I mean— I’m not— It’s what anybody woulda done so…” Dean trails off. He clears his throat and moves the subject away from himself, if anything just to get Sam’s weirdly judgemental eyes off of him. “Anyway, we brought food. Figured it’s a nice spot for a little picnic. It’s about time for lunch— whaddya say?”
In a moment, Meg was struck in awe as a blinding light began to shine from behind Cas. Slowly, she rose from the floor. Noticing this, Cas got up too and turned around to face the light.
“No, c’mon Dean, I have to.” Sam’s eyes are watery and his voice fractured. “You’ve done so much for me, more than dad ever did. Even when we were kids, and you’d— you thought I didn’t know, but I figured out that you would go hungry so that I could eat. You fought and stole and conned and let that whole town
“What did you do to him?” Castiel yells. “What purpose does the brutalisation of an innocent man serve? How can this be just?”
All of it though, no matter how beautiful and breathtaking, cannot seem to get Castiel’s feather’s to flare quite like a visit from his own personal nuisance. It’s a depth of emotion he’s never felt before— frustration mostly, with a little intrigue— it’s thrilling.
Dean’s confidence doesn’t falter at being foiled however, as he chuckles and replied, “Nope.” And Castiel feels a point at his side, and there in Dean’s other hand is Castiel’s own blade pressed to his body, poised to gut him with the smallest motion.
Sam’s staring at him with furrowed brows while he’d been zoning out. “What? Yeah,” he says, indignant, while the pile of napkin shreds he’d just spent the last ten minutes tearing up betray his sentiment.
“Okay, Cas,” Sam says, nodding at the collection of ingredients in a silent review of their correctness. “The spell should power you up for twelve hours.”
They arrive at Bobby Singer’s doorstep just after sunset. It’s a rickety old house, a good walk away from the nearest town by some poorly kept back roads. The boys had explained to Castiel on the way over who Bobby was to them— like an uncle or a surrogate father, when he got the chance. He is reliable and trustworthy, and he cares for the Winchesters deeply, which is all Castiel really needed to hear.
“The best thing I can do is to draw the angels’ attention onto myself while you and Sam find somewhere safe to lay low.”
Dean laughs. “Okay, okay,” he says, shaking his head. “I don’t know why I ever thought it would be so bad. Like, I really thought it would be the worst fucking thing if someone thought I was gay. It’s so weird, why did I care?”
Dean shrugs. “I just don’t know the guy. And it’s not like he gives me much choice in that. I mean, what’s his deal? Really?”
“I could stop you,” Cas says, with what Dean almost thinks is a flirtatious smirk. “But I won’t. If you really want to leave, that is.”
Cas leans down, bringing his face down to Efram’s level. With one hand he grabs Efram’s hair at the back of his skull and pulls his head back, the other hand holding the blade tight to Efram’s exposed neck.
It’s a relief, as it turns out, to be distracted with preparatory work once the team is up and about. There’s not a great deal to do, and a lot of time to do it in, so most of the tension weighing down the air comes from anticipation. Neither Dean nor Jo has ever faced down against an angel before, and it shows. Dean’s nervous ticks are more obvious to Cas; the way he bites his lip until it bleeds, the way his hands can’t seem to stay still, clenching and flexing his fingers, rubbing the back of his neck. Cas doesn’t know Jo, (he doesn’t know Dean either, he has to keep reminding himself), but her nervousness is apparent too. She keeps flicking out the blade of the small butterfly knife she usually keeps stashed in her back pocket.
Castiel’s frown deepens and he looks down, eyes intently scanning the label on his bottle. “Hmm,” he chews on his bottom lip. “You think I look threatening?”
“You’ve disarmed me, held my own blade to my skin— I’ve killed humans for less. I’ve killed humans simply because I received the order, and I never questioned it—” That’s a lie, but Castiel continues, “But for some reason I cannot bring myself to kill you. I don’t understand it. You’re not special, or unique, or important— is— is this a test?”
“I can see you there,” Castiel says, flat, spying the human-shaped shadow cutting through the beams of sunset filtering through the leaves. The shadow stills. With a heavy sigh, Castiel moves again towards the forest with speed and drags the figure out into the light of day. “I told you not to come back here.”
“Bull,” Jim scoffs. “There’s no girl in the world who’d get you to leave your sick brother alone of an evening.”
something happened to Cas, it isn’t your fault. Cas makes his own decisions just like everyone else. If anything he would have understood the risks more than you.”
uncomfortable.” Cas smirks a little, looking down at the table, before coyly raising his head to add, “Unless you wanted to make it three hundred dollars”
Even with his future self out of the game, he seems so focussed and efficient. He reckons he could probably still take on a fair few vamps without breaking a sweat. Not bad for a family man.
“Watching someone sleep is not as fascinating nor revolutionary as pop culture would have you believe,” Cas snorts. “I heard Jody was awake, so I went to ask if she needed anything.”
“Yeah, yeah, okay,” Jo dismisses tipping her head back as she downs the rest of her beer. She goes straight in for another. “So…” she begins tentative. “Are you good?”
“Great,” Carol sighed, face still plastered with a big grin. “I hope your wife won’t mind.” Carol gestured to Dean’s wedding ring.
He’s got plenty of time to stew in his thoughts out there all alone. He catches a glimpse of Cas through the kitchen window, stripped off to just his dress shirt with his sleeves rolled up to the elbows. He looks so normal, so human and accessible. Maybe, if it were like this all the time, it wouldn’t be weird. Everyone’s been more than accepting, nobody’s really stared at them when they’ve been out and about. They’d just be a couple of guys who happened to be a couple made up of two guys. Dean decides he’ll concede that point to Cas later, once the bet is settled and there are no longer any financial stakes to such an admission.
Sam raises his eyebrows. “Yeah, I’m not blind you know. I had a lot of fun at our little picnic, but I definitely felt like I was interrupting something half the time.”
“Yeah, ‘cause he’s a self sacrificial idiot. Remind you of anyone?” Dean works his jaw. “I can’t even look at any of you right now.”
Jack puts the bowl down revealing splashes of milk around his mouth. “Sorry,” he says, wiping at his mouth with the back of his hand.
Dean can only groan in response, the pillow his face is currently buried in absorbing most of the sound, leaving the rest to reverberate through his body.
“Azrael, Loriel, stop,” Castiel demands, forceful and breathy as he pants, red-faced, in the doorway. “Let them go.”
Finally he reaches the front door. The warding is still plastered all over the doors and windows, which is a good sign that Bobby hasn’t been left for dead by angels. But Castiel doesn’t hold out much hope. With all the might left in him, he raises his right arm and rests three heavy raps on the front door.
Jo swallows. “Uh, sort of, not really,” she explains with a hand wave. “My mom took Dean in when he was a baby. So we’re sort of like adopted siblings I guess.”
“He’s the quietest four-year-old I have ever seen.” Sam shook his head, looking back at Jack, sitting calmly and quietly in the back seat.
“Not exactly,” Cas starts, picking up one of the bones to be used in the spell and fiddling with it in his nervously agitated fingers. “He looks like… someone I knew once.”
you go up against an angel and not get killed. I mean the knife is one thing, but angels are way faster and stronger than us, not to mention the heightened senses,” she says. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m all in. But I didn’t sign up for a suicide mission.”
. He usually doesn’t have much choice in that, but hell if he doesn’t prefer it. His dad’ll only push him aside and take over the situation then berate him for fucking it up, which, to be fair, he usually did. And Sam can never just offer his help, he always has to be so
“No- Cas I know what an apron is,” Dean said, humoured as ever by his husband’s earnest insanity. “I mean why did you get the red and white one with the ruffly heart?
Bobby rounds the table to pull Dean into a hug. He then does the same for Sam. “See ya, Bobby,” Sam says over Bobby’s shoulder.
Both pairs of eyes widen in shock, not faltering from their deadlocked stare, even as the keys slip from Dean’s hand and clatter onto the asphalt. Dean watches his own lips purse in a seeming irritation.
want to. I might be condemned for abandoning my post but— I could have died battling demons and never known what it was like to kiss you. I would have been memorialised as a hero, as an exemplar angel, but what would it have been worth when I would have died miserable, alone, and in terrible pain, never having known a sensation like that? If demons truly are starting to make their move, then I don’t wish to face them with any regrets.”
“Woah, these smell great,” Dean remarks, getting a fresh and fragrant whiff from the fabric. “What’d you use?”
“And what about you, huh? What happens to you in all this? You think I could live with myself knowing you threw yourself to the wolves for me?”
It always bothered Sam, he always used to insist on refusing to work for people who couldn’t even pay the smallest courtesy. But Dean’s a realist; he understands that beggars can’t be choosers, and even if Stephen the greengrocer’s gunna watch him like a hawk the entire time he’s out there, at the end of the day he’s still gunna get paid.
Victor leans back in his chair, narrowing his eyes in thought. He huffs out a long breath. “Okay, Cas, how do you contact an angel?”
Sara, who was seemingly the most composed of the four, shook her head, snickering at her usually timid and reserved friend openly thirsting for coffee shop guy. Tia was frowning, trying to string together a thought that was forming messily and incoherently in her slightly tipsy mind.
“Dude,” is all his older self says in response. “We’re meeting Sam at the bunker later, so have something to eat and then we’ll head out.”
They’re up and about before the inn even begins serving breakfast, before the sun has even shown itself over the eastern horizon. Victor leaves the horses and the cart with instructions to keep or sell them should they not return for them in five days. Even excluding the chances of dying, there’s a decent chance they won’t be back anyway, that being the nature of being perpetually on the run from angels.
Castiel’s new wardrobe fits him to a tee. There are soft sweaters, occasionally layered atop a collared shirt. There are polo shirts that honestly have no business looking as good as they do considering Dean could never hope of pulling that off. He even has a heavy brown overcoat, like a winter edition of his classic trench.
Dean scoffs as he starts packing away everything back into the box. “Yeah, you never do.” He shuts the box. “It’s late. You should get some sleep.”
Sam presses his lips into a thin line, his chest rising and falling in a deep breath. “I get that, I do,” he says, softening his tone. “But angels don’t care about your sob story or your noble intentions. I know you wanna help me, but breaking into the citadel is next-level stupid—”
“No, it doesn’t,” Castiel agrees. “I must admit it has been… dull at times. Your visits have been a great improvement, thank you.”
Sam merely shakes his head, dumbfounded. “You should count yourself lucky, then. It won’t happen again. Don’t go back, not on my account.”
Cas takes a breath and meets Dean eye to eye. “I don’t want you to think poorly of me. What I did today— I don’t enjoy it. I didn’t want you to see that side of me, I didn’t want you to think I’m a monster.”
“Jeez, Cas, two hundred bucks just to grab ass, what kind of high class hooker am I?” Dean says with an awkward chuckle. His face settles into a serious one. “You know what, sure. You’re on. Three hundred dollars to the winner and you can cop a feel-” Cas opens his mouth to reply, but Dean raises a finger in warning and continues.
Uriel is all business, straight-laced and straightforward. Any familiarity he once had with Castiel from their time serving alongside one another in the garrison has long faded, much like the respect of many of his former brothers and sisters in arms.
Dean stands there for another moment just watching Cas. “You really gunna take the whole night’s watch?” he asks, voice tinged with concern.
Dean tries to hang back further in the forest, his eyes straining to see ahead to the wall. Castiel’s stood there as always. Dean watches him— his face is stony as he surveys the area, blank and bored. He can’t see his blue eyes from this distance, but he remembers them vividly. Dean steps forward, gently pushing aside a leafy branch to spy over the top of the shrub.
Dean stops with his mug at his lips, poised to take a sip. “Seriously?” He lowers the mug to the table.
Cas, comforting Jack all the while, cleaning up his scraped knee and placed a band-aid over the broken skin. Jack’s eyes were still wet with tears and he was still whimpering. “Hey, come on, it’s not so bad. Here,” Cas reassured as he wiped the tears of Jack’s cheek with his thumbs, then pressed a kiss to his knee. “Better?”
“What did you intend to do at this point? Was this your whole plan?” Castiel asks, the right corner of his lips tugging upward.
There’s a pause as Dean places a shingle and Missouri watches on with a concerned expression. “How is Sam?” she asks, softly.
close to him though. Well, maybe a few times. Maybe most of the time. But it definitely never has Cas resting his hand on Dean’s leg. Except, he supposes, when Cas leans a hand there to reach over the table, or taps him there to get his attention. Well, he never usually lingers there, and that’s the point. It’s different when he lingers.
The man stumbles back several metres, clearly winded. “Leave this place and do not return. I will not ask again,” Castiel firms, eyes steely and determined. He is met with a blank stare as the man catches his breath, clutching his chest— Castiel worries he may have misjudged the force of impact.
. He and Cas are in agreement there. His mind is reeling at a million miles a minute and he knows he needs to process, but he still has more pressing issues to take care of. He can’t help but wonder if that’s what Cas took of to do.
“We’ll need to find a safe location for the meet. Likely as close to the citadel as we can get,” Cas continues, drawing out a map from Victor’s messy stack of papers He points to a small town located north-west of the citadel’s wall, just outside of the thick wood that surrounds it.
Cas smiles, but he seems a little sad. “Okay then, that’s fine I just wanted to make sure you were okay,” he says, brows furrowed.
Sam turns a head to his brother and his… whatever, with a knowing look. “Well, there’s been a development,” he says, leading his brother.
Castiel is silent, but his face is focussed, brows furrowed and jaw tight. The only warning is a subtle flex of the muscles in his right hand before he flings his blade with an assured precision toward the angel in front of him. The blade spins in an almost perfectly choreographed fashion, cutting a clean path through the air and burrowing itself into the angel’s chest.
“When was the last time you had a home-cooked meal?” older Dean asks, stepping out into the street, now tinted with the greyish-blue tones that accompany the dusk.
Dean stood in the doorway with a frown, not rushing back in like Cas expected. “Uh, why?” he asked. “Can’t you just heal him?”
“Well whatever he is to you, if he saved Sam’s life, and saved both of you from execution, then he’s alright in my book,” Bobby says, a touching endorsement as he could ever really offer.
Sam shuffles we he sits. He passes a few wary glances over to Dean, as if assessing his micro-expressions and posture. “I don’t blame you,” he says after a breath. Dean looks up at him, but he can’t react. “Not for any of this. I just want you to know that. It’s not your fault, or Cas’.”
The three stand there like cardboard cutouts just holding their respective room keys for a minute before Sam makes the first motion. “I’m beat,” he says raising his arms like ‘well whatcha gunna do?’. “I’m gunna get an early night, leave you guys to it for the evening.”
“Just that you’ve been arguing and complaining every step of the way,” she says, flipping the blade around in her hand, getting a feel for its weight. “I know you’re always kind of stubborn, but this isn’t like you.”
The sun is beating down just after noon, the towering ivory walls of the citadel offering no shade with sun directly overhead. Sam Winchester is dead, so Castiel is told. He wasn’t even there when it happened, and all he can do now is hope to God— no, not to God— just hope that it was quick, that Sam did not suffer as he had, had not been beaten and brutalised as Dean had.
Dean gets a hand on Cas’ skin; it’s warm and surprisingly firm. His thoughts are thrown out as Cas dives back into the kiss, pulling Dean in with a hand on the back of his neck. Dean’s hands are on Cas’ hips, his thumbs dipping underneath Cas’ waistband, in his mind begging Cas to
be. Hell, he doesn’t even want it to be. He throws the blanket off and swings his legs over to sit upright. He takes a breath, before burying his face in his hands.
Dean chuckles then gives Castiel the quickest of kisses. “Okay, bye,” he says. “Think about where you wanna go on our… I guess it’s a date…”
That day is possibly the longest of Dean’s life. It’s longer than the days and nights he spent waiting up for his father, it’s longer than the night a fire consumed his home and took his mother— that night had really felt all too fast if anything.
There are lots of incredibly irritating things about being human. The constant need to urinate is one. Itching is a big one - it just seems so pointless. The ass-ache you get from sitting in place for too long is a disheartening discovery following the discovery of the joys of sitting. Showering is real nice while you’re in there; the steam against the skin, the hot water caressing the curves of the body, the fresh feeling that follows; but it always seems like such a pain to drag your ass in there even though you know you really need to. And that’s another thing - the body just
Typically this would be the moment where panic sets in - for Dean that would present itself in getting instantly into defensive position. The scene is not unlike the first scene in some zombie flick where the unwitting protagonist finds themselves in a deceptively calm and empty street only to get jumped moments later. But there’s something about the air, the temperate, still air, and the clouds painted pink and gold. The panic never manifests, and Dean feels peaceful.
Cas sighs as Dean tugs again. He dips down and positions himself with knees either side of Dean’s legs, perched there hovering just above Dean’s lap, both hands still held. “Now what?”
Dean beckons him inside, but Castiel stumbles as soon as he removes his weight from the doorframe. Dean is right there to catch him, supporting him as he brings him inside. He notices there’s a patch of blood on the doorframe as he closes the door. His right hand, too, is red streaked. So angels bleed red, huh.
Dean does as he’s told, not out of trust, but more a bewildered acceptance of his lack of control here. The other Dean takes Dean’s left arm in a firm grasp and slides the blade across his forearm making a short, shallow cut. When there’s no reaction, the older Dean purses his lips and nods slightly to himself. He grabs a towel from atop the bar and chucks it to Dean, who catches is and wipes down his wet face before pressing it to his fresh wound.
“No, dude, really I-” Dean stops as a thought pops into his head, an important realisation. “Hold on, this changes things. You can’t play ‘gay chicken’ if you’re gay, that’s cheating!”
“Oh, I’m sorry about your friend,” Carol said, her confusion fading. “But that’s so sweet. Well, I won’t keep you, I’m sure you’ve got tonnes of unpacking to do!”
“I don’t sleep much,” Cas says. Jo shrugs, seemingly satisfied with his lack of explanation, but he can feel Dean’s gaze on him, eyeing him suspiciously. As if of the two of them
“I do,” Dean says holding up a hand in defence. “It’s just- I’m kinda tired. Not sure I’m up for a detour.”
“I’m sorry, I— I didn’t notice you…” Caster mutters as he backs off, dropping Dean, who almost looks more disappointed than relieved.
Cas gazed up at the stars for a moment, their appearance only in the dark sky much like Dean’s freckles only coming into view in the bright sunlight.
Cas, who had awoken only a minute or two before Dean did (as he was usually awoken by Dean’s half-woken stirring), tapped a hand gently on Dean’s chest.
Sam spends most of his free days reading and cataloguing things in the Men of Letters’ extensive archive. He actually finds it ‘rewarding’, and ‘fun’, the freak. Dean finds him in the library fingering through a book on ancient Egyptian exorcism practises.
Castiel looks back directly at Dean, his eyes wide and innocent. “The angels won’t stop looking for me,” he says. “Now that I’ve betrayed them, they’ll be far more interested in me. I will leave, and you and Sam can escape.”
Castiel feels his chest tighten and his lips spread into a smile that he can’t quite hold back. “Okay, I’d like that.”
“No, not at all,” Cas replies with a faux-innocent tone. He passes a look back at Dean, who is standing there like a plank looking unimpressed. “Come in, Sam.”
Castiel thinks for a second. “I’m not an angel anymore,” he says. “But outside of that, I’m not sure what I am now.”
Cas popped out of the Impala for a few minutes leaving Dean to stew in his thoughts. The two had only been married a few months, and together a few more. Everything had changed so quickly, but in a lot of ways, not at all. He could easily have pictured them doing exactly the same thing, with the exception that at the end of the night they’d go their separate ways. It all felt so stupid, looking back. So stupid, but so simple.
Castiel hovers there in the kitchen, out of Bobby’s way as he bustles around getting plates and cutlery. When the three sit, Castiel hangs back still, unsure of where to place himself. It’s right there, something he’d wanted for a long time, but never under these circumstances, not when he doesn’t deserve it.
Cas stands still in the dark room, illuminated only by the bluish light of the half moon streaming in through the un-curtained window. The window overlooks an overgrown field, empty now except for the tall grass and the weeds slowly worming their way through the undergrowth in an attempt to take over. Cas stares out over the grass for a long while, allowing his mind to fade into emptiness, letting all thought slip to the back of his mind, letting himself be hypnotised by the lunar glow.
“You don’t have to give me anything,” Cas steps forward, bringing the distance between them to just one step. “I’m here because I want to be, that’s my choice. Everything I’ve done for you has been my choice.”
“No,” Garth says, shattering Jo’s dreams and her hopeful expression. “You’re gunna be working under Victor Henrickson. He’s on his way, be here by tomorrow morning. You know him?”
“Very well,” Azrael says, voice and eyes turning dark. “Then for the offence of collusion with demonic forces I sentence you, Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, to death.”
“Both, ideally. Could be a two birds, one stone kind of situation,” older Dean says. “But priority is getting me back before we fuck up the past more than we already have. We can’t assume whoever did this is gunna be considerate enough to put me back.”
“Dude, it’s way too early to be that sentimental,” Dean sighed, stretching his arm out awkwardly to feel around on the bedside table for his phone. “Sam’s bringing Jack soon, we gotta get up, bud.”
“Dean I need to speak to you,” Castiel says, urgency muddying his usually softer tone. “You need to be more careful. Supposedly there are demons in the area, and the angels have upped their patrols in response—”
Jo shrugs. “Pretty sure just ‘away from here’.” She sighs and brushes her hands against one another. “Probably another safe house or something, or maybe back to camp. Who knows.”
Bobby stops and Castiel stops beside him, just in front of the brazier. Bobby hands him a scratched up metal lighter. “This was Dean’s. Left it here once,” he says. “Anyway, not important. Burn ‘em.”
Dean snaps his head up. He’s not sure if the shock he’s feeling derives from confusion, or disgust, or maybe even relief. Dean doesn’t interrogate the notion further.
“Really,” Castiel returns, matching Dean’s flirtatious air. “I could show you a technique or two, if you’d like? You think you could manage?”
“This house is heavily warded, so we should be relatively safe for the night,” Cas explains as he steps into the kitchen and starts unloading some of the food packets he’s carrying.
“Everything you did was to try and help my boys. And I— I don’t blame you for what happened. How could I, looking at what they did to you?” Bobby sighs. “Dean cared about you, maybe in a way that he didn’t feel he could tell me yet, but he did. And it’s pretty clear to me that you cared about him too. I mean, hell, the entire time you were here you were arguing for throwing yourself at the angels to keep Sam and Dean safe,
Castiel continues to sleep on the couch for those first few nights. He’s not in good enough shape to tackle the stairs, and quite frankly he doesn’t believe himself to deserve anything more.
He takes a step— snap. The snap of a twig underfoot, missed in the dark of the canopy’s shade. The sentry’s head snaps towards him.
“There are ways to make him feel welcome outside of making him into your mini-me.” Sam says, flat. “And it’s still not your fault that he died.”
In the same vein, what mood does light cloud cover convey in the eyes of a human? To him, it’s a beautiful pattern to break up the monotony of the blue sky, and the motion is a constant reminder of the scale of this grand Earth, and the massive forces that move overhead, below and all around every day that make life possible. Castiel thinks he can ask Dean what he thinks, the next time he sees him.
. Of all people. You’ve rebelled, you’ve died, you’ve lost your grace, your home, everything. I am not worth all of that, man. And I gotta say, it freaks me out. ‘Cause I see you and you’re this- angel, a fucking
Back at their table Dean’s brightened up and tuned in. He’s giving Cas a taste of his own medicine with surprise thigh grabs that if anything are more violent than romantic since he squeezes with a vice grip every time. Although he does lean more into the romantic when takes a fry from his plate and feeds it directly into Cas’ mouth.
“You’re not gunna heal him when he gets hurt? Look at him, he’s limping!” Dean protested. “You’ve fixed me up from less.”
“You said it would be weird. That hurt my feelings, Dean,” Cas says in a tone that really only Dean could pick up as sarcasm. “I also think perhaps it’s time you put your money where your mouth is, so to speak.”
“Dean, Jo, come on, let’s give Cas some space,” Victor orders calmly, ushering Dean and Jo out of the barn and closing the doors behind him.
Yeah, Dean regrets drinking so much of that crap. But he also really doesn’t. That one night with Castiel was one of the best nights he partially remembers. It wasn’t the alcohol that made him to do or say any of that stuff, he’s sure. He still remembers the taste of Castiel’s mouth, the feeling of his lips. It’s hazy and blurred in his memory but the feeling is still there, and it was amazing.
“Without cause?” Azrael scoffs, haughty. “These humans have been colluding with demons, Castiel. They have earned just retribution.”
“Yeah. I met my future self once, but he didn’t remember anything about it,” older Dean recalls. “I dunno maybe it’s alternate timelines or something. Cas’d know.”
“Angelic grace,” Castiel says. “Mine. It’s not much, but it’s potent. It should be enough to heal your brother.”
“Yeah,” Dean says to his feet. Cas squeezes the hand that’s still holding onto Dean’s. Dean rolls his head back to lean on the dirty brick wall. “It’s just a lot.”
Cas paused for a minute, trying to formulate a short, understandable, and digestible retelling of how he died. “I made a deal with the empty a while back to save someone. Dean and I were cornered and we would have both been killed, so I cashed in the deal and, well, here I am.”
already. Even though it is objectively true and carries no real implications unless he lets it. Which he might be. Letting it. “Okay, okay, no touching in the groin area.”
Sam’s been quiet throughout the exchange, and it’s only in the brief lull of quiet that anyone notices why. Sam is sitting there, eyes tightly shut, hand at his temple and face screwed up in pain.
“I mean, you were only miserable at first, I dunno what happened after that but you seem pretty chill about it now.” Sam shrugs. “What’s all this about anyway?”
It’s impolite in human society to read letters intended for someone else, but Castiel is not human, even now, so he reads them anyway. He finds one letter penned by Dean, dated to only three months prior;
“I should be able to soothe pain,” Castiel says, pressing a palm flat over Sam’s forehead. There’s a soft golden glow and in a moment, Sam’s face softens in relief.
As Efram becomes aware that his fate is sealed, he steels himself up and puts on his bravest face. “You are no brother of mine,” he spits.
Cas nodded and sipped his freshly-made green tea, still standing by the kitchen counter. Slowly but surely, just as with sleep, Cas was mastering food and drink too. Though without really being able to rely on Dean the same way, food was proving more of a challenge. So far he’d been able to enjoy only very mild or simple things, a fact that Dean teased him about often -
tall, maybe six foot? But still - tall. Anyway, he came in on Thursday morning and he actually made conversation with me. When he got up to the counter he gestured up to the menu and was like ‘I don’t know what half these things mean’. And I just laughed really nervously; it was so embarrassing. His smile was so pretty, you guys, I just melted. Then he said ‘Cas is the one who knows about all this stuff, I can’t keep up, you know, coffee is coffee.’
Dean runs his hands down his face, hoping to swipe away any evidence of tears shed. “Alright, that’s
“You said you didn’t care,” Cas replies, voice flat and bored. “There was nothing else to do. You scratch your ass a lot at night.”
Castiel is currently on duty, and being on duty requires having all his faculties and wits about him. He can just about justify spending time with Dean because he is still able to keep watch effectively even with company. If this drink should affect him, that may no longer be true. The demons that are apparently lurking in the area don’t help the situation.
The two regroup and amble down the high street with their bounty, enjoying the early afternoon sun and the gentle late summer breeze. The pair, almost simultaneously, spot a quaint little hodgepodge second-hand store. As if on the same wavelength, they head towards it.
“Just hold your arm out,” the other Dean orders, not in a bark, but in a cool, steady tone. It’s almost reassuring, kind of dad-like in a way.
Something bright catches his eye; the glint of the sun reflected off the shining black chassis of the Impala. Dean’s face relaxes into relief as he dashes forward towards the familiar sight. His reflection beams back at him in the window, his youthful green eyes filled with life. He takes a moment to run his hands over her, his ol’ reliable. Even when he doesn’t have his dad, his brother, or anyone, he has her.
It’s around this time, also, that Bobby stops making Castiel soup; they’ve both figured out he doesn’t need it. Castiel can’t be sure if he’s reading something wrong— he’s not well versed in human expression particularly of a man he barely knows— but he suspects that Bobby may actually be disappointed about it.
“It’s just…” Jo dips her head to the side and back. “You seem like you’re in one of your defeatist moods.”
Castiel shuffles his feet, head downturned. “I don’t know…” he says. It’s only half a lie; he couldn’t say for sure— it’s not like there’s a procedure for this. But he suspects that at the very least they’d want the man who managed to turn the head of an angel, want Dean.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greets casually, approaching the angel with zero hesitation. “I figured if you couldn’t come to meet Sam, I’d bring Sam to you,” Dean explains, smug at his ingenious solution. He waits for Castiel’s reaction, hoping that it’s slightly better than Sam’s initial reluctance that he’d had to spend about an hour haranguing out of him.
“Dean,” Cas spoke, tentative to break Dean’s moment of euphoria. “I came out here to tell you that we left all the crockery and kitchenware at the bunker.”
“Yeah, but Jody could come in,” Dean explains, eyes half closed. “Gotta keep up the façade, or one of us pays up. And it ain’t gunna be me.”
“Well, hey, we sent me back, no harm, no foul,” Dean says with a stretch and a groan. “If my 13-year-old self shows up tomorrow then maybe we got a bigger problem, but right now? I’m taking the win. And I’m gunna turn in. Cas?”
Dean started back out towards the U-Haul with Cas in tow, turning his head back as he walked to reply;
“Well, you might wanna worry about this one before you worry about me,” Jody says, gesturing to Cas, nestled under Dean’s arm.
“Deal,” Cas nods, face determined. He reaches out a hand to shake. Dean shakes it. “No backsies. Did I say that correctly?”
The sun was sitting high in the sky, creeping towards the apex of its arc, when the U-Haul pulled up outside the modest two-storey on a quiet, tree-lined residential street. The crisp spring air was warm, moving through the green leaves and blush blossom with a quiet rustle. The sound of the late Sunday morning was largely void; defined by its absences more than anything; no children playing or parents chit-chatting over their hedges just yet, as most in the neighbourhood were making the most of the last lie-in of the week.
Castiel is. Dean begins to reevaluate the time Castiel shoved him and bruised his chest— it’s very likely he was holding back from just completely obliterating his sternum. Dean watches as Castiel’s wings unfurl to their fullest. They’re magnificent and quite frankly awe-inspiring. How a being as beautiful and transcendent as Castiel could ever be anything other than confident is a mystery, let alone how one could even take the time to look at something as lowly as Dean Winchester.
“We’ve been tracking the movement of demonic omens to the west of here. There are some disturbing trends— there are demons headed towards us,” Uriel explains.
“We’re not actually related, Dean,” Cas states, frowning. Dean knows that, but he knows it in the back of his mind where it’s safe. “I’m sorry, I fail to see how it’s ‘weird’ for people to assume that we could be a couple.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Dean sighs. “But, I mean, I’ve already been spoiled on enough of my future, so what’s the harm, right? I dunno, I guess it just seems so far away from the Sammy I know. You wanted out, man. Bad. I really thought that, you know if I even made it this far, that I’d be the one hunting and you wouldn’t want anything to do with me anymore.”
Dean draws in a breath through his nose and nods. “Guess we’d better go then,” he says, the finality of it dawning on them all.
“Why don’t you ask Dean?” Cas gave his get-out-of-jail-free answer. Hopefully Dean would have the strength to say ‘no’ since they’d definitely been indulging him too much lately in their shared euphoria at the new house and being so delightfully happy.
One thing Cas hadn’t yet mastered in the art of sleeping was dreaming. So far all he’d managed was a sort of show-reel of his lived memories. Some, of course, were pleasant; memories with Dean and Jack and Sam. Others were… less so. Some were jarring enough to shatter the feeling of safety and comfort and jolt him awake. At times like this, he would typically take a breather, stroll around the bunker in the dark, pick out a book and sit alone in the kitchen for a bit. But here, in the fresh sheets, on the brand-new springy mattress with spring air streaming in through the bedroom window, Cas had dreamt for the first time. And he couldn’t wait to tell Dean all about it.
He’s still here, though, alive, and the citadel has not been breached on his watch. A human might say ‘all’s well that ends well’, but to an angel, outcome is of little significance. Castiel’s choices betrayed his duty, he sees this now; his lenience almost cost the security of the citadel.
“Something like this— this is beyond any power any of us should be meddling with. Believe me, I wouldn’t dare tell a soul.”
“I’m so sorry, I wish I could be more help,” Missouri says, her tone gentle and sincere. Short of pulling a miracle cure out of her ass, Dean really doubts there’s anything more Missouri could do for him and his brother. When they were small she’d helped to feed and clothe them as if they were her own, she’d always spoken their praises to the other townsfolk who  had long doubted their value or virtue, and when Sam became more and more ill she’d honed her natural gift to diagnose what doctors and healers had so far failed to.
, to be given the basic luxury of both; to save the people he loved but to be able to stay with them too. Castiel stopped walking, he stood still, he looked up, if there even really was an up, and in a reversal of reverence he spoke;
“It was fresh,” his older self says, passing a look over his shoulder. “Yesterday. But it’ll taste just as good day two.”
“I know that you wanna help us,” Dean says (to the ceiling). “But sacrificing yourself isn’t the way to do that. We’re safer when we’re all together.”
Castiel meets Bobby’s gaze, his face blank and stony. “That may be the case for humans, I’m not sure it applies to me.”
“You know I was worried about you,” Dean says, quiet, as he finishes up on Castiel’s arm. “Thought you’d been caught. Executed. Because of me.”
It seems to be enough explanation as Sam backs off from his shoving. “That’s stuff’s poison, why would you put that in your body?”
Dean snatches the jacket from Cas’ hands and quickly shoves it back in the box with the rest. “I’m sorry,” Cas quickly apologises. He shoots a look at Dean, attempting to gauge his thinking. “I could wash it,” he offers, quiet. “I think I could get the stain out.”
“Yeah,” Dean replies. Hey, at least he doesn’t have to lie. He doesn’t have it in him to think on his feet right now. Or to think at all.
Dean’s eyes shift down to stare at the swirling streaks of chocolate dance around in his mug, unable to look his future in the eyes any longer. “Right,” he says quietly to himself, almost in a whisper.
. He wonders if Cas can hear him, if his need, his plea, constitutes a prayer. His pulse is racing fast and hard enough for him to feel it. He can feel Cas too, hard against his thigh. It’s the opposite of off-putting, only worsening Dean’s desperation for Cas to do something,
, he doesn’t say. Cas shrugs and folds it over his arm. “What about at night,” Dean adds, sitting down in his desk chair as Cas continues to browse through his shirts. “You got stuff to wear when you sleep?”
“Hey, can I get you that drink?” she says, smiling suggestively, her fingers still resting on Dean’s arm from where she tapped him.
“I know where I would like to go,” Castiel says, firm. “There.” He points up to where the forest stretches up onto the hillside, its green fingers stretching out over its expanse and folding over top.
When they finally return with the supplies, the two of them pile into Cas and Victor’s room which is doubling as their base of operations. There isn’t a table, so they’ve got maps laid out across one of the beds.
“Hey there sweetheart, you alright?” he asked softly, crouching down in front of the girl, making sure she wasn’t hurt in any way. The girl nodded tentatively, as if she wasn’t sure that was the right answer to the question.
“I’m fine, thanks. Anyways, like, I told you last week I’m always open for giving you some more advice, and I though, like, we could maybe go out for drinks or something, and talk. That’s just an idea, though, if not that’s totally fine, really” Cas started, getting way ahead of himself. Really? Cas felt like a complete fool right about now.
“Really? Wow!” she said, looking back to Emma for a moment, then back to her father. “Papa, I’m hungry.” Claire’s father nodded and set her down on the ground.
The baby eagerly received her bottle and drank all up, leaving nothing in the bottle. Dean burped her once on his shoulder, then settled her against his shoulder.
Cas only grinned, but leaned into the baby as well, stroking the little cheek and ‘booping’ her on the nose.
Dean waited a few moments, listening to the dialing tone of his phone, until the call was picked up.
“Drive carefully, okay?” he said, standing in the doorway and watching Cas maneuver Claire into her seat without waking up.
They hadn’t even walked a few yards when Claire let out a big sigh. She was clutching Dean’s hand, but her feet dragged and she was walking a little way behind the man. Dean turned to look at her.
“That’s alright. I mean, yeah, maybe Emma is a little too young for that still, but if Claire really wants to see and play with her, why not? You could give me some more tips about what to expect with Em while you’re here” Dean reasoned, slightly grinning. The prospect of seeing Castiel again soon really made him happy, and he didn’t dare think about what this might mean to him.
Finishing up on one of the paintjobs he had been assigned that day, Dean headed inside into the main building of Bobby’s garage, only to find his brother Sam and Bobby’s wife Ellen deep in conversation. Sam helped out at the garage, sorting through paper work every Friday, to earn some extra money. He was in college, and text books were expensive, even though their parents helped out as much as possible. When Dean walked inside and plopped down on one of the chairs in front of the desk Sam sat behind, the two stopped talking and Ellen made to get Dean a cup of coffee.
The door bell rang just when Dean came back downstairs with Emma in his arms. He walked over to the door, breathing in once (why he didn’t really know) and then opened it. It was as if a weight had been lifted off his shoulders the minute he saw Castiel and Claire smile at him.
“Well, should we get going then?” Cas suggested and Dean nodded. He turned the stroller around and together they made their way down the road towards the play ground at the park. Claire held onto Cas hands and skipped in front of him, now and again being lifted of the ground with a swing of Cas’ arms. She squealed every time.
“I’m a mechanic. I work in my uncle’s garage, have ever since I finished high school. That really helped with leaving without any notice. My uncle was more concerned with Emma’s wellbeing than me going to work. I’m really glad I have family that is so supportive” Dean said, and Cas nodded.
In that moment Castiel heard the voice of his daughter nearing again, and he turned to see Claire talking animatedly to Dean, skipping along next to him. Castiel had to admit, seeing Dean care for his daughter so sweetly made him even more attractive, but the man quickly shook that thought out of his head. He shouldn’t think like that about someone he barely knew.
“So, how was your day?” Dean asked, turning to look at Cas next to him. The other man sighed, it was getting close to graduation time, so everyone in school was slightly on edge.
“Who’s that?” she asked loudly, interrupting her father, who was just about to reply to Dean’s words. Dean smiled and looked down at his little girl.
“And Papa, Tiffany said she knows that babies need help with everything, because she has a little sister, and she’s a baby, too. But Tiffany also said that babies always cry, but that’s not true, us is, Papa? Because Emma didn’t cry when I saw her. She was really nice and laughed, not cried” Claire asked, looking at her father with large eyes.
“So, where’s Claire tonight?” Dean asked to change the subject. As nice as it was to talk about family, he didn’t really want to do that right now.
“Come on, Papa! We can’t be late, it’s unpolite!” Claire exclaimed when she saw her father wasn’t moving towards the entrance door of their apartment, even though she was already dressed and ready to go.
“Of course he knows about Claire. He is really sweet with her. He’s got a daughter himself, she’s five months old” Cas explained and Anna nodded.
Like Dean had said, he showed where everything was in the kitchen, telling Cas to take whatever he needed for dinner. He then turned to Claire and smiled at her.
“I’m sorry she ran into you. Claire tends to get very excited in supermarkets, especially when there is a toy aisle around” he said, his voice deeper than Dean would have assumed from the look of the man. He was slightly shorter than himself, with dark brown, almost black, hair and bright blue eyes. He seemed to be slightly swallowed in the trench coat he wore over a shirt and tie, the knot loosened a little.
“But Papa! I really like chocolate milk!” Claire tried whining to get her way, but Castiel still shook his head.
The two walked out the diner and to the Impala, getting in at the same time. They drove in silence until Dean got up the nerve to ask Castiel out again.
Dean motioned Cas to follow him as he weaved through the tables and walked towards the bar, where a blonde girl was just serving drinks. The girl began to smile brightly when she spotted Dean and left her customers to their devices while she walked around the counter.
Dean continued to do his shopping, loading the cart with all the things on his list as well as some new pink and peach colored romper suits for Emma that were just too cute not to buy. He was nearing the end of his list when Emma started to fidget around in her seat, letting out noises of discomfort. Dean stopped pushing the cart and lifted Emma out of her seat, letting her rest on his shoulder. Sometimes her being close to her father helped her calm down again. Not so this time, though. Emma fidgeted more and more, letting out mewls of discomfort, being close to crying.
“She’s really cute, Dean. How old is Emma?” he asked and Dean looked up, shifting his attention towards the man again.
“Alright, Angel, I’m leaving now. Anna is going to stay with you until I come back later, alright?” Cas asked, kneeling down in front of Claire’s bed.
“This is just so weird, man” Brandon muttered, but like everyone else, his attention was on the teachers as well.
“Yes, that’s right, I did call. You know, this might sound really crazy, but Claire has been talking about nothing but Emma the last few days, and she’d really like to have a play date. I mean, I know Emma is technically too small to even have a play date, and I told Claire that, but she insisted on having me ask you anyways” Castiel explained. Dean didn’t know if he was only imagining this or if it was there for real, but Castiel sounded really flustered and nervous about asking.
Dean set Emma down in a support cushion he always kept in the bathroom and set the mini tub into the larger one, turning on the water and adjusting the temperature.
The three enjoyed their meal together, both men listening to Claire telling them exactly what she did with Emma over the course of the afternoon, agreeing with her and answering at the right moments.
“Alright then, first Emma needs to be taken care of, though” Dean said and smiled, getting up from his seat on the couch.
“Dean, can you go to the slide with me? Papa, says I’m not allowed to go there alone because I can fall down?” she asked and gave the man puppy eyes that could rival Sammy’s.
“Papa, I didn’t saw him, but I ran into him, but the mister was very nice and helped me up” the girl exclaimed hugging the man tightly around the neck and then motioning to where Dean still stood, looking over at the display while having his pointer finger grabbed tightly by Emma. Dean smiled slightly at her words and shrugged. Claire’s father came towards him, smiling as well.
“Jo?” he asked and when Cas nodded, he began to laugh. “God no! She’s my oldest and best friend! She’s the daughter of my uncle’s wife, who owns this bar. Jo and I have known each other since we were babies” he explained and Cas nodded. Dean didn’t trust the calm, though.
“Well, if chewing on plushy’s appendages is a criteria for choosing nicknames, I’ll have to call Emma, bunny. She has this one ear in her mouth all the time. For now she’s my princess though” he said and both men had to laugh.
But Dean couldn’t get into this over his head. He didn’t even know the man for real. He had met him twice, and nothing more. He didn’t know what he did, where he lived, what happened to Claire’s mother. For all he knew, he could be a mourning widower. No, Dean couldn’t get into this head over heels, without any more inside knowledge. He had to be careful for Emma, and for himself as well. He didn’t want a repeat of the disaster that had been Emma’s mother. Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t been hurt by her walking away.
Dean wasn’t worried over the fact he was thinking about another man in this way. He was secure in his sexuality, preferring both men and women. In fact, come to think of it, Dean had had more boyfriends than girlfriends throughout his years of dating. He knew he was bisexual, and so did the people surrounding him. His family was supportive of whomever Dean chose to spend his life with, it being a man or woman wasn’t of important. After the disaster with Emma’s mother, they were happy as long as Dean was happy.
“Well, I don’t know if you can really play with her, but you can try. There are a few toys in that bag” he motioned to one side of the mat, where a small bag was situated, “you just have to very careful with her, because like you know, she is still a baby” he explained to the girl and stood back up from where he had crouched in front of both his daughter and Claire. He watched Claire slowly edge closer to the baby on the ground, smiling tentatively, and holding out a stuffed bunny with overly long ears. Claire’s face brightened when Emma let out a squeal and grabbed for the animal. It was her favorite thing to chew on, so of course it had the desired effect.
“I will” Cas replied, smiling at the man waiting in the door. He opened the driver’s side of the car, but stopped and lifted his hand in good bye before entering the car. Dean copied the motion and waited to go back inside until Cas had backed out his car from the drive way and turned into the street.
“I gotta go finish that car, but I’ll come and get you once I’m done for today” he said to Sammy and left with a grin on his face. Pie always made him feel better.
“Yes, hi, it’s Cas” Cas said, in his opinion way to fast and breathy. Seriously? He was just starting the conversation and already he sounded ridiculous. This entire deal was ridiculous, but it was too late to back out now.
“Sure we can, Angel. But we have to head home first, so you can change into your outdoor clothes, okay?” he said and the little girl nodded. They arrived at their car and Castiel opened the door to the backseat, lifting Claire into her booster seat and strapping her in, making sure that she was seated securely. Claire moaned that her Dolly didn’t have a baby seat, but Castiel just told her she would have to make extra sure Dolly was safe then, and she’d have to hold onto her tightly.
“I said no” he said. When Dean looked puzzled, he elaborated. “The last time she had chocolate milk was at my brother’s place. I don’t know why, but whenever she drinks it, she gets completely hyperactive and has a sugar rush she won’t come down from for hours. She didn’t sleep the entire night!” he said and Dean nodded.
Castiel would be lying if he said he hadn’t been surprised by her arrival. He hadn’t expected to see Claire’s mother that one fateful afternoon in front of his door. She had carried Claire in her arms, along with a bag of necessities, as well as a signed paper giving away any custodial rights she had had. She had handed the baby over to the shocked father, put down the bag, and turned on her heels, leaving.
Castiel resumed his phone call, telling the secretary what she needed to know, while keeping his eyes on Emma in her seat. The call didn’t last much longer, and after saying thanks and good bye, he put his phone back in his bag.
“Alright, I need to leave or I’m going to be late” he said and sighed. He opened Emma’s harness and lifted her out of her seat, pulling her close to his face and placed a soft kiss on her cheek.
“Coffee?” he asked and Castiel nodded. It wasn’t long until their drinks were done and with their mugs, and a cup of juice for when Claire got thirsty, they went back into the living room, to keep an eye on the little girls there.
“You know who would make this field trip actually fun?” Noah from across the aisle now joined the conversation. Allison tried not to roll her eyes. Why had the chat with her best friend turned into a full on class discussion all of a sudden? As much as she was annoyed at their home room teacher, she didn’t want to get in trouble with him for gossiping about personal matters. “Mr. Winchester. He actually knows about cars. I mean, have you seen that beast of a car he drives?”
Before Candace could answer, their friend Brandon leaned over from the seat in front of the pair of girls.
“Jerk” Sammy answered, quietly, so their mother wouldn’t hear, but the luck wasn’t on his side. His mother also slapped him over the head.
“This is a dump.” Candace muttered as she stepped off the bus, but made her way over to the rest of the class that had gathered around the porch of the main building in a semi-circle around an older guy with a frown etched onto his face.
The group of teenagers shifted their attention from their private conversation to the teacher at the front of the bus. Mr. Novak wore his usual shirt and tie combination, but also wore a tan overcoat with it. You know, one of those flasher coats. Not the best choice.
“Do you want to stay for dinner, maybe? It’s already starting to be time for preparing something” Dean asked and Cas shrugged.
“Dean, can you take me home with you later?” Sam asked, not even bothering with a hello. The two had always had a close relationship, being best friends as well as bothers. No matter what, Dean would always have his baby brother’s back and vice versa. Dean more than once had beat up his brother’s bullies during middle and high school.
“I won’t tell if you won’t” Dean called after her, resulting in Jessica turning and pulling her tongue at him. She then left to give the order to the kitchen staff.
Candace’s head whipped around so fast, she thought she might actually have hurt her neck. She knew that voice - in fact, it had had a starring role in a few of her more ‘nsfw’ dreams.
“Yes, it was fun. Uncle Gabe and I tried to make cupcakes, but we ate all the chocolate chips before, so we couldn’t make them anymore” she told her father with a serious face and Castiel grinned. Gabriel and Claire always got up to shenanigans when they were together.
Eventually Dean and Claire came back from the slides, giggling and thoroughly ruffled from going up and down the ladder and sliding down.
“Hey! One, my baby would never make weird noises, because I know how to care for her, and second, I would never be this irresponsible with Emma driving in the car as well. I wouldn’t risk her well being. Plus, I know how to look over cars, so I would have repaired baby myself” he defended himself, earning another laugh from his mother.
“Papa! I had a great day today! And I cared for Dolly really great, because she’s my baby and she needs to be helped, because she is still tiny, like Emma” the girl babbled once she had taken her father’s hand and was led out of the room. Castiel turned back around to wave good bye at Ms Parker, while uhu-ing and ahh-ing at his daughter’s words. He helped her into her jacket, or rather, had to hold Dolly while Claire put on her sneakers and light anorak, and then opened the door outside. He handed his daughter’s ‘daughter’ back to her and together they walked back to the high school and towards their car.
In that moment, Cas phone started ringing and he excused himself to take it. It was the school’s administrations office, wanting to know about some of his students change of contact data.
“Hey Balth, what can I get you?” she asked, her voice slightly snarky, the way she always spoke to Balthazar. Castiel wasn’t really sure, but he had the suspicion there had been going on something between the two of them.
Castiel looked up from highlighting passages in his text book to see what his daughter was up to. She was still sitting in the grass in front of the climbing structure, rocking Dolly in her arms, but her eyes were drifting over to the swing set again and again. Castiel looked over to see what had her so entranced, and smiled when he spotted a familiar figure crouching in front of one of the baby swings. Cas heard rather than saw feet running towards him, and he was soon greeted with his daughter’s brightly grinning face.
“Well, she’s good. Can’t stop talking about Emma though” Cas relented. He liked talking about his daughter. He hadn’t thought about his answer though, because right then the conversation was steered into a direction Cas didn’t actually want it to go.
“Dean, this isn’t the first time Emma has been over. Everything will be alright, trust me” John remarked, grinning at the over protectiveness of his eldest son.
“Language!” she scolded her older son. It didn’t matter that Dean was 26 years old and an adult living on his own. His mother still had power over him. But she also still made him pie sometimes, so it wasn’t too bad.
“Hey, Angel! Did you have fun at Uncle Gabriel’s?” Cas asked when Claire leaped up from the couch and lifted her arms to be picked up. Cas did how demanded and perched the little girl on his hip, receiving a kiss and tight hug.
“I’ll see you later, Anna. Like always, just take whatever you need from the kitchen or whatever” Cas said to his sister and opened the front door.
“So, how was last night? Did you get it on? Did the dirty?” Gabriel asked as soon as both men had a cup of coffee standing in front of them. Castiel scowled at his brother’s crass words.
The first thing Castiel had done after being alone with Claire was call both his brother and sister. They had always had a great relationship, both not caring about what gender Castiel preferred to pursue. They had both come over immediately, and after reassuring the dark haired man that everything would be fine, they had gone out, only to come back with cars loaded full of baby supplies. The next weekend they had transformed Cas’ study into a nursery and settled the little girl into her now surroundings.
“Sure you can go over. But remember you have to be careful, and you can only touch Emma is her dad says it’s alright, okay?” he told her and Claire nodded. She sat her Dolly into the stroller and then ran over to the swing set.
“Nothing specific. He just said it was a personal matter and he would be back next year. Much good that’s gonna do us!”
“Sweetheart, where is your Mommy or Daddy?” he asked softly again, worrying the little girl had lost her way. The girl looked around herself, obviously trying to find her parents, like Dean had done before.
“I don’t have a crush, I barely know the guy” he said, not exactly lying, at least not about all of it. He really barely knew Dean.
“Listen to you! Aren’t you the one to always say we shouldn’t stereotype people, and here you are, doing it yourself! Trust your older brother this once, okay? Dean is definitely into you, and on Tuesday, you are going on a casual date. Deal with it” Gabe said, and copied Cas’ motions, putting his cup into the sink next to the other.
Twenty minutes later, the presentation on the scrap metal trade was finally over. Candace was looking forward to getting to move around, even if it was a scrap yard.
When they arrived in the kitchen they were met with the smell of cooking food. Cas turned around when he heard them enter and smiled.
“Don’t be sad, Papa, we can buy some at the shop” she reassured him and earned a smile. Claire really was intelligent for her age. People often assumed she was older than she actually was. Cas wasn’t the only one proud of her.
“Yes, I told him what happened with me and Claire’s mother, and I told him I was gay, but he didn’t even react to it! I would have expected at least a bit of a reaction, but nothing! We just continued talking as if I didn’t say anything. And then, on the way home, he asked if I’d like to meet on Tuesday with the girls to go to the playground and maybe to a café later” Cas explained. He really didn’t know what to make of Dean and his behavior. He could not see through him at all, and normally he was really good at reading people.
“Yeah, I was really worried, I don’t even know why, but I guess that’s just the joy of fatherhood, worrying constantly about the little girl you care for” he said with a shrug. They then walked through the gates of the playground and Cas let go of Claire’s hands so she could run off and play. Dean and Cas walked to one of the benches and sat down, much like they had done the last time they were at the playground together. Dean lifted Emma out of her seat and sat her on his lap, freeing her of her jacket and revealing a cute dress. It was starting to really get warm finally, and Dean didn’t want the little girl to overheat.
“That sounds great actually. I know this really cool place, well, it’s the bar from my uncle’s wife, but they make really great food and drinks, so maybe we could go there. How about Saturday? I’m free the entire day, Emma can stay with her grandparents or something” Dean suggested, and a huge weight lifted from Castiel’s chest. So Dean wasn’t completely opposed to the idea. Great!
“Now, whenever we get a new income, me or one of my employees will inspect it as to its state. If the car is only minorly damaged, we will make up an estimate of reparations and then decide whether or not it’s worthwhile to fix it up for reselling. If not, then we will salvage it for parts and - “
“What Mr. Novak is trying to say is that we are married and these are our kids, Claire and Jack” Mr. Winchester interrupted his - husband? Mr. Novak in turn shot him a glare that could cut glass.
Castiel looked forward to meeting Dean again. He had to admit, him getting the number hadn’t been entirely altruistic.
“Guys, I want you to actually take notes on the tour, okay? We are going to talk about the structure of the yard in class next time. This is not just a field trip to pass the time outside the classroom, you can actually learn about business structures here. I know some of you will enter the field of business ownership sometime in your future, so it will be useful knowing the basics” Mr. Novak instructed the students.
“Claire, hold your horses, we have enough time. We’ll meet Dean and Emma in an hour, you don’t have to worry” Castiel calmed down the girl. He didn’t want her to be too hyperactive, or she wouldn’t sleep later.
Castiel walked through the room towards the table the three men always occupied. His brother was already sitting in one of the chairs, a cup of coffee in front of him. They weren’t in the bar to get drunk, so they never really ordered any alcohol, unless someone was in some sort of social crisis and couldn’t deal with it without the help of some liquid luck. But because Balthazar was the third in their round, it happened more often than Cas liked. He didn’t like getting drunk, he had a daughter to care for.
“Yes, alright, I got it. Let me just say good bye to my angel” he said, giving up trying to tell Anna that he was always reachable. She was right, Anna looked after Claire every Wednesday evening. Cas stepped quietly into his daughter’s bedroom, the little girl already lying in bed, hugging her angel doll tightly and looking at the book she would read with Anna later.
While feeding Emma, Dean looked around at the rest of customers in the café. It was a Thursday afternoon, so it wasn’t too full, and the patrons all minded their own business, probably tired after a day of hard work, just at the shop to enjoy a cup of coffee or a slice of cake in peace and quiet.
Claire wriggled in her father’s grasp, indicating she wanted to be put down again, and Castiel complied. The little girl sat back down on the couch and continued watching her movie. While Claire was occupied, Castiel and Gabriel walked into the kitchen and sat down there to talk and not disturb the girl.
“You’re visiting grandma? And what, did you walk from home all alone?” Mr. Novak asked, all serious, but then looked up to review his surroundings.
“I’m sure you’ll work something out. Maybe you just need to get out of your normal surroundings for a bit, go on vacation and clear your head” Castiel suggested, trying to bring their conversation back to the original subject.
Moving hadn’t stopped his father from interfering in his life though, because he had still managed to get Castiel to agreeing on going on a date he had found for the young man. Back then Castiel had thought agreeing to what his parents said, even though he knew already seeing a girl wouldn’t help in getting him to realize that he was straight after all, would better the relationship he had with his mother and father. It had failed, of course, because when his father had found out Castiel was going to raise his daughter on his own, even though he was gay, he had been furious and demanded for Castiel to leave the family. He had urged Gabriel and Anna not to associate with Castiel anymore, because he wasn’t part of the family anymore, but both of them had told their father that they would do no such thing.
He moved through the pain, which really was quite a bit, and put on his shoes and jacket. He checked his pockets for his wallet, phone and keys, then opened the front door to leave his home.
“Thanks, I rebuilt her myself. Found her in the garage one day and just couldn’t leave her to get even more rusty than she already was” Dean explained, smiling slightly while talking about the second love of his life.
Mr. Winchester, in washed-out jeans, a plaid overshirt and a baby strapped to his chest in one of those ergonomic baby carriers.
“Yeah, hey, it’s Dean” he answered, his voice more breathy than he liked to admit, or liked it to be. He seriously had to get a grip. “My mom said you called, so I thought I’d get back to you.”
But Dean was fine. He wasn’t all alone with caring for Emma. His mother and father were there whenever Dean needed extra help, as well as his brother and his girlfriend Jessica. Dean had made sure Emma would grow up within an intact family, even if she wouldn’t have a mother, at least not a biological one. Who knew what would happen to him along the way of his daughter’s life. He still had more than 17 years of caring for the girl in front of him, after all.
“Well, I guess we’re going to leave now. It’s already way past Claire’s bedtime. I’m surprised she hasn’t come in yet” Cas said and Dean nodded. They both stood up and walked over to the living room, grinning once they saw the picture they were met with. Claire was curled into a ball on the couch, her head on a throw pillow, a blanket from the arm rest over her little body, cradling Emma’s favorite stuffed bunny to her chest.
When Dean had lain her down again on his chest, he twisted in his seat and stretched out on the couch. He still had enough time until Castiel and Claire came to squeeze in a much needed snuggle and nap time with Emma. He folded his arms around Emma’s little body, making sure she wouldn’t slide down from his chest and closed his eyes. He was sure this nap would help him calm his nerves. Being close to Emma always did that.
“Hey” he greeted the other again, and Dean smiled. He stepped away from the car and walked towards the driver’s side.
Candace’s mouth dropped open when her teacher’s face broke out in a bright smile and he dropped down into a crouch and scooped up the little girl.
He was the first to admit that he used to be king of picking people up when he was younger, but he had become more mature over the years and stopped sleeping around. He was looking for something stable, not for hook up after hook up. Especially with Emma now. He didn’t want to have people going in and out of her life at frequent intervals. He wanted a stable surrounding for her to grow up normally.
At four o’clock in the afternoon that Saturday, Dean pulled up in front of his childhood home. He got out of the Impala and rounded the car to open the door on the passenger side. He unhooked the baby carrier from its base and set it on the ground, Emma sitting in it, smiling and chewing on the ear of her bunny. He then grabbed the diaper bag he had packed with his daughter’s belongings needed for the night she
Candace’s head swam as she saw the little girl squirm in Mr. Novak’s arms, sliding down to the ground, only to run across the yard towards the man who was very much their favorite history teacher, Mr. Winchester.
The walk to the park wasn’t long, so it was only a short walk until the gates to the playground came into sight. Claire pushed her Dolly through the open door, Castiel following along. They walked over to one of the many benches along the outline of the play ground and Claire unbuckled her baby doll, taking her into her arms, then running off towards one of the climbing structures. Castiel settled into the bench, letting the sun warm his face. He loved the warmer weather and he was glad summer was slowly but surely arriving. He pulled one of his lecture books out of the back pack and opened it to the chapter he had to prepare for class the next week. Castiel often used the time spent on the play ground for preparing his lesson plan. Claire was a very active child, so they spent at least three afternoons per week in this place. Castiel didn’t mind, though. He was glad his daughter was so well developed for her age, able to occupy herself on her own for some time. Castiel was sure she wouldn’t have any problems once she entered kindergarten after summer.
Like Castiel had said, the light in the stairwell lit up only moments later and he appeared in the hallway. He opened the door and closed it quietly behind him, then walking over to Dean with a smile.
“Sammy, what are you doing here anyways? You left with your car this morning” Mary asked her youngest while busying herself with preparing a new batch of Dean’s favorite drink.
“Oh, sweetheart, you can get me many things, but for now I just need a whiskey on the rocks, please!” Balthazar drawled, grinning at the woman across from him.
“Well we won’t have to walk too far anymore. You think you’ll be alright?” he further asked, and was met with another sigh.
Ms Parker left and talked to one of the students helping out for work experience at the preschool. The girl nodded and walked over to Claire, apparently telling her she was being picked up. Claire stood up, with her Dolly in her arms and made to clean up around her, then took the older girl’s hand and let herself be led over to the door where her father was waiting with a smile.
“So what? He was with girls from the diner. That doesn’t mean he’s solely into them. I mean, seriously, he gets out of his way to pick you up from home, so you won’t have to drive and maybe get lost on the way. He asks you to stay for dinner, even though you could easily just go home. He includes your daughter in everything you do. Do you really think a man would do that who is not even a little bit interested in you? Did you at least make it clear that you are gay?” Gabe continued, not noticing the internal struggle in Cas’ mind.
“Dean!” she exclaimed, wrapping her arms around the man and squeezing tightly. When she loosened her grip she took the man’s face between her hands and placed a kiss smack on his mouth. She then stepped back and smiled even more when she saw the man behind the one she had just greeted.
“Yes, maybe you are right. Anyways, it’s getting late and it’s a work day tomorrow. Do you want to stay here for the night? I don’t want you to drive home if you’re too tired” Cas asked, sitting up straight again. Anna got off the couch as well, stretching her arms over her head.
“No, I don’t mind. It’s a little complicated, though” Castiel started, stopping only shortly while Jessica brought over their drinks. “Claire’s mother and I never were a couple. It was more of an accident really. Getting together like that was never supposed to happen, really” he said and it was Dean’s turn to frown.
After showering and shaving, Dean walked into his closet, looking for clothes that were appropriate to wear for this outing. He didn’t want to seem too eager, it was just a few drinks with a friend, after all. He didn’t want to look as if he didn’t care, though, either.
“Alright, yes, you can have the cookies” he conceded and the girl smiled brightly. It seemed she had her father wrapped around her little finger. It also seemed as if she was a master in changing subjects in a matter of moments.
“Hey Cas, how are you?” Dean asked on the other side, and Cas wasn’t too sure, but he could have sworn he heard a sigh from the other man. But this could also just be his head playing games with him.
“Remiel,” the male angel interjects with a pressing authority. “Come, Zachariah will be expecting us.”
Jim raises an eyebrow. “Don’t think I haven’t seen you,” he says, levelling an accusatory look. “Sneaking off out of town some evenings. Now where are you running off to?”
Cas is fumbling his hands in front of him. It’s hard to imagine same the guy being responsible for the aftermath of that angel. “I wasn’t always like this.”
Dean takes a moment to process the thought. His gaze drops to his hands as he fumbles with his glass. “Wow, that- that’s… I don’t know.” Dean takes a sip. “Dad okay with that?”
Sam rolls his eyes. “So she only went with me so that you’d go on a date with her? You really think you have that kind of pull?”
Dean wonders how he’d feel if it were the latter, what that would really mean for he and Cas’ relationship. Their actual one, not this weird make-believe shit but their actual friendship. In this moment, he really doesn’t fucking care.
Dean watches with furrowed brows as Castiel leads Sam out of the kitchen. He knows there are more pressing concerns at present, but worrying after Sam is not something he’s simply able to turn off.
Dean drags his hands down his face. Castiel, sitting there perfectly content and healthy, the angelic bastard, watches Dean with curious intensity. Before Dean can protest, Cas has grabbed his hand and is inspecting the back of it.
There’s little rush for them to shoot off after breakfast, and Jody’s a sly opportunist with a tonne of odd jobs she’s been putting off. And a couple that would
“He’s doing good. Up and about, energetic, not dying, he’s great,” Dean says. He lowers the sandwich in his hand though, as he recalls Sam’s headaches. They’ve been persisting in the days since he first found out about them too. “He’s been getting headaches. Is that— Have you heard of that happening?”
“Why? I got plenty of stuff for you to wear - mi closet es su closet, remember?” Dean tries not to sound so upset, especially at something so trivial that really shouldn’t bother him, but he doesn’t have as much control of his vocal cords as he’d like this early in the morning.
Castiel places a hand to Dean’s cheek. “Of course,” he answers. It feels like a lie, the kind you tell loved ones whose feelings you’d like to spare. It’s the same conviction his mother had when she told him she’d always be there for him, that Sam had years ago when he said it was ‘probably nothing’. It’s what you say when you don’t ever want to say goodbye.
“I wish I could, but if somebody broke into the citadel while I was gone, the consequences would be greater than a simple reprimand.”
Cas gave a tentative nod, unsure where the line sarcasm and genuine hurt is being drawn. Meg seemed unsure herself.
“Neither, we mutually agreed to call it quits,” Dean explains. Sam pouts and nods slowly, tuning his head to Cas, expectant.
Sam shakes his head. “Hmm, not exactly,” he says, voice croaky and dry. “People were being kinda weird, looking at me funny. You know like when you walk into a room and everyone’s just been talking about you.”
Dean steps up (or rather, sits down, as they all take a seat around the kitchen table) and regales Bobby with the day’s events. He includes the necessary context that Castiel healed Sam with his grace and that the townsfolk had accused them of making a crossroads deal to do it. He fails to mention any of the events leading up to Castiel giving Dean the grace, as well as any of their dalliances following.
“Uh, yeah, thanks.” Dean watches Jody flit around the kitchen grabbing a mug and assembling everything. There’s a guilt rising in his gut that’s even harder to ignore than it was last night when his senses were comfortably dulled. “Hey, Jody, I gotta tell you something.”
“Oh! Newlyweds!” Carol cooed, already seeming to have completely recovered from her earlier embarrassment. “Any kids?”
Dean’s heart always fluttered at Cas’s compliments. He was no stranger to compliments, but they so often came with an air of ulterior motive; to belittle him, to objectify him, to get him off guard. From Cas though, they always came off like they were some objective truth, which was certainly an odd feeling, because that meant he must be wrong about certain things. And being wrong certainly wasn’t a great feeling, but being loved was. It was sort of an unsettling dichotomy.
Dean releases Cas’ waist and tuts audibly as he walks back towards Sam. “And you said you weren’t even hungry.”
She sat herself down on the ground (if it even was ground) and patted the space in front of her, gesturing for Cas to join her. He did so, sitting cross legged opposite her.
As Cas swipes at the overgrown mess of nettles and thorns, he moves with swift assured swings. But the rest of his demeanour is different. He seems jumpy, antsy, jerking and flinching at every brush of a blade of grass or every gust of wind. He moves at a comfortably swift pace, but there’s a feeling like he’d start running if he could.
Dean pauses, a few metres from Castiel. “Stop me?” Dean leans into the words with a mischievous tone.
“I apologise for not—” Castiel winces as his shoulder brushes against the back of the chair. “For not contacting you sooner. I was called back into the garrison.”
And yet, despite its insignificance, here Castiel stands, always attentive, giving his time and watchful eye to keep the citadel secure. From demons, so they are told. And yet ne’er a demon has attempted to breach neither the pearly gates nor the ivory walls.
“I mean, if this thing exists, and anyone has it, wouldn’t it be the angels themselves?” Dean asks, stating the obvious according to him. “And then it would probably be behind the fifty foot wall they got around their little citadel. There’s no way in hell we’d even get close enough to even
“So,” Yulia began, fiddling with her tall glass and nervously shuffling in her seat. “He’s been coming into the café every morning to get coffee,
They talk as Dean eats, and continue on after he’s done. Castiel polishes off the berries with fervour, the centre of his lips stained red with their juices, it’s adorable and kind of irresistible. Dean can’t help but think of biting those lips until they’re red all over.
“No, yeah, I, uh… I just wanted to clean this stupid thing,” Dean says with a faux chuckle. He softens his grip with a long exhale.
Excused, the pair take their leave, Jo bouncing around Dean like a moth around a flame. “Can you calm down?” Dean snips. Jo just rolls her eyes as they sweep into the mess. It’s already getting rowdy and the sight of everyone making merry suddenly pisses Dean off.
Castiel takes one of the smaller axes, one of Bobby’s kitchen knives, and Dean’s old hunting knife and lobs them with force and precision towards the thick trunks. The heavy throws leave the blades embedded deep into the bark, not that Castiel has any trouble removing them.
Dean suggests a date night and asks him if he would like to go to the cinema together after they tidied the kitchen to which Cas face lightens. They may have a lot of leftovers, but Sam would be pissed if they come home and find an empty fridge, so they decided to go to the supermarket first. Cas in a supermarket was a sight. Dean observed him how he took some apples and smelled  them with pleasure, slightly smiling. An older man observed Cas too and told him aggressively he should better buy the apple now.
He turns and looks at Cas, both looking sad in a way that cannot be measured. Then Dean shrugs and laughs with a certain desperate undertone. „I just thought we had a bit more time.“ As his voice breaks, Cas rushes to him and embraces him while saying „I'll be there. Whatever happens I'll be with you.“ They stand there for a while and don't talk much neither that evening, nor the next day.
