"Oh baby yes. That mouth.." he moans as he watches him.
He moans loudly. "Yes!"
“Fuck.” Greg hisses.
With you by my side
"I'm fine with her sleeping with anyone but I don't like that I find it arousing. Makes me feel guilty and awful.." He mumbles, not looking at them.
She sits with him.
Sherlock sighs and nods. He rests his head on Camille’s shoulder and sighs.
“There you go. Just like that.” Sherlock praises.
“I cleaned it up. You’re just paranoid.” Sherlock shrugs but he’s smiling. “Mrs. Hudson still won’t listen to me about the hip replacement. Will you talk to her? You’re a doctor after all.”
He moans loudly and groans, feeling the machine rub against his prostate again and again.
He blushes and nods, now excited for Brian to get here.
his parents.
“Better get to filling her again.” Brian hums.
“Really John,” Myropis calls out. “You need a clue on your first test?”
Darling so it goes
“You were only trying to help, right?”
Sherlock mewls and whimpers, rocking into her hand.
“When are you leaving?” He bites his lip, not wanting Eli to leave for the states without him.
Greg looks guilty even though he has nothing to feel guilty about.
Matthias growls and snaps his hips, starting to fuck her hard. “Good girl.”
He takes his hand and pulls him closer, resting his hands in his hips.
He presses back against him and writhes.
“Yeah. It would explain why there are no new born baby pictures of you.” She nod, filling Sally’s glass as well. “They were probably trying to protect you.”
Molly was fast asleep on her side in their bed. Her brown hair tousled, and her stomach distended with the eight month gestated baby.
He kisses his cheek and gets them dried off.
Maggie shakes her head. “Don’t worry about it. You were energy starved.”
Benny groans and rocks up against him.
She smiles and nuzzles him. “Okay?”
"My!" He gasps.
Sky mewls and relaxes, letting Mycroft use her throat. ‘Love feeling your hard prick inside me, Daddy.’
‘Yes yes. Give it to me.’ She whimpers, so close to coming and all she wants is their knots.
He pulls out of him and sinks to his knees, licking up the cum that leaks out of Michael's arse.
Sky cries out and comes hard at the stretch.
"Into the doctor's, or the one that Sherlock so generously provided?" Molly snorts.
"Let me take you to bed."
He frowns a bit and stands from the table. "Excuse me for a moment.." He hurries off to the loo.
“What’s this?” Fitz smirks and rubs his boot against Mycroft’s leaking cock.
“Mm, she tends to be right.” He chuckles.
He pulls out of him and lays him on his back, kissing him deeply.
Undignified murmurs and whines issued from Mycroft's throat, and he flushed crimson. "Gregoryyy..." He mutters.
The boys all watch, their eyes widening.
"Okay good." She smiles at Greg and turns back to the man. "What have you got for me?" She asks and he hands her a letter and an ornate wooden box. "Oh he's really playing the game now isn't he?" She reads the letter and laughs.
He blushes and presses closer.
He groans and rocks up against her. "Want your pussy."
He curls up against him. "Love.."
"I look forward to it." He smirks and looks over at Greg who nearly has his whole fist in his arse.
John gets Mycroft's meaning and smirks. "My time as a Captain was , mm so to say, very educational. I have quite a few interesting stores actually.." He says rather suggestively and sips his tea as if nothing is going on.
Greg kisses him back gently.
She nuzzles her back.
Crystal walks for most of the night, making sure to keep an eye on the house to make sure Greg was safe.
She moans loudly and looks up at him, relaxing her throat for him.
He smiles and nuzzles him back.
He smiles and hums.
Turk presses him against the wall and kisses him deeply after locking the door.
He blushes and nods.
He moans, starting to get hard against her.
“More than usual?” John asks. “Besides the whole breaking into our flat thing.” He hums, calling it their flat for the first time.
Mel moans and arches against his face as Carol licks his cock teasingly.
Greg's hips jerk a little every time Mycroft hits his prostate. "Oh Ahhh please, Sir. Oh fuck I'm going to come oh fuck. Yess yess, SIR!" Greg nearly shouts as he comes.
“How does she taste, Mummy?” He whimpers, pushing in a finger.
She smiles and kisses him again.
"Why?" She crawls into bed.
“If he wants.” Collin chuckles. “Oh he wants.” Sherlock blushes as Dave looks him over. “I’m Sherlock.”
He groans and sucks more marks onto her neck, keeping his thrusts rough as he holds back his own orgasm.
Sherlock pulls off of him once he’s sure he got everything.
He moans as he feels his cock moving in and out of his throat.
He smiles softly, relaxing a bit. 'I kind of want a son..'
She leans in and kisses him as she rides him slowly.
His eyes are glued to her tits as his hands move to unhook her bra, his cock throbbing and leaking against her panties.
"You're perfect.."
He smiles and leads Mycroft around the shop as they look around.
John moans loudly, thrusting harder into her.
“Some.. Others she’s not sure of. She hasn’t seen some in a long time.” Leona rubs his hand gently.
“I’ll order some takeaway for us non blood eaters.” John chuckles softly. “That sounds good.” Diōnē smiles.
“Probably should have told her that her skirt was caught up in her underwear. Oh well someone will.” Greg hums as they go into their room.
Greg chuckles and smiles.
"I've got you."
He nods. ‘Thank you..’
Sherlock growls and moves to pull Greg out of his pants.
John kisses him softly letting him know it's all fine.
“Mm.. ready to get out?”
He hums happily and kisses him back.
She huffs softly and wags her tail.
He smiles softly and holds her close, rubbing her back soothingly.
Sherlock rubs his arms, frowning a bit.
“Daddy will have cocks lining up all hours of the day and night for your holes.” Eli groans.
Mycroft starts to wake.
She giggles and smiles.
"It's my job." He chuckles and smiles.
He moans and arches, keeping his arse up for him.
He moans softly as he tastes himself.
"I don't know. Let's find out."
He whimpers breathily. "James.."
Fitz rubs his thumb over his knuckles.
"I know." He smiles softly.
Mycroft nods.
"Come for me?" He asked, tentatively.
“Sure.” She smiles and nods, leaving Colin to watch Danny and Nina.
Collin smirks and kisses him deeply with searing heat.
"Oh please. The place of going to be massive. Besides, it's weird not living together. It just doesn't feel right." She shrugs.
"I’m not bullet proof when it comes to you
Greg pulls him closer and kisses his forehead. "Mm?"
She nods and looks at the horse. “Hello?”
He holds onto her and blushes at the praise.
He smiles softly, relaxing with him.
'I promised you I am out of the game. I'm not going to put myself in danger anymore. That's over.'
“What’s your name, boy? Who do you belong to? Hmmm?” he asks, unable to stop himself grinning at this excited animal. It puts its paw up again. “It’s hurt, huh? Let me have a look? You’re pretty banged up aren’t you?” he asks, looking over him more closely. “What have you been up to?” he asks, again, knowing full well he won’t get an answer, but the talking seems to soothe the animal.
She cries out and comes hard, clenching around his huge cock as he slams it into her. She moans knowing he'll punish her for not asking for permission to cum but she couldn't help it, she had to come on his big fat hard cock. Her cunt continues to throb around his dick as her slick runs down his shaft and down to his thighs.
"Mm, I've been alright. Cecil and Violet have been keeping me company."
Crystal opens her arms to him.
"Until he went and killed himself." Jennie spits
"Can we get you anything?"
Mycroft moans and presses down further.
"Yours." She kisses him. "All yours.." She whispers against his lips, blushing.
George clears his throat and nods. "Ah.. Sherlock?"
John watches closely, not trusting Ivan. He stays out of their sight, but still close.
He rocks against her and kisses her back a bit desperately.
He thrusts his tongue into her.
"Mm.. Too bad I can't come there and take you now. I wouldn't even wait until we got into private. It wouldn't be like at the hospital, in the closet. No, I'd fuck you right out in the open. Let everyone watch how much of a whiny, needy whore you are. And you'd love that, wouldn't you?"
He smiles and kisses her head. "For now, let's get to sleep."
He smiles happily and kisses him back.
Sam smirks as he looks at him, sending a few text to his friends who were on the way.
"Easy, love." He says softly.
He smirks and pushes into her easily.
He nuzzles him softly and rub his back. "Yes, I do, I believe
"I have to get up. I just bleed through.. Everything." She sounds disgusted with herself.
Sky smiles and wags her tail happily. ‘How’s teaching the pups to hunt going?’ She asks Dark, knowing Darius and David were out in the woods with the other pups.
He smiles. "Come on."
"Good girl." He growls as he pounds into her.
“You don’t get to make demands, omega. You just get to lay there and feel.” Sherlock chuckles but he adds a second finger.
He blushes as Sherlock’s growl makes his cock leak.
She nips at his lips.
"Please please."
He grazes his teeth over her nipple as he drinks mouthful after mouthful of milk from her. “Mm you’re so full it must have been painful.” He mumbles before switching to the other nipple and doing the same. He starts to fuck her faster but staying deep inside her.
He goes with him, all of his other patients off for tests and scans.
Greg yelps and sinks into the chair when it bumps the back of his knees.
He hums as he finishes eating
Well that either means you were or are going to be in pain. So which is it and how bad? JW
“What are you up to tonight?” He smiles softly.
“You’re the genius here, Sherlock. All I do is know all.” Pythia hums.
"That sounds like heaven." John follows Greg to the cafe.
Her family is there in the kitchen with everyone else.
Mycroft rubs her back. “Better, Love?”
George whimpers as he watches Cecil come closer, whining a bit as he sees Violet eagerly licking at Carol's cunt.
He thrusts harder. “If you’d like. Mycroft’s already knocked up Anthea and others. It’ll drive him crazy to see me knock you up.”
"Mmmm.... He's been acting a bit weird lately." John mused.
Mycroft frowns a bit but leans forward to kiss his chest.
Collin comes back out. “Ready for your bath?”
"I love you, too. So much." He smiles happily, still blushing.
Mycroft cries out as he comes hard into his hand, arching up a bit.
He hums and nuzzles him back.
"Thank you, Sir.." He mumbles against his lip.
He blushes and nods, getting up to get another costume.
Mycroft kisses his forehead. "He's going to love it."
Sherlock bites his lip and rubs back against Mycroft. "I'm sure you'll find someone else." He pants softly.
She blushes and eats a bit more.
"Okay." Danny nods and hugs Michael's leg before running off to go play with Maximus.
John follows him, tired. “Heats suck..” He mumbles.
Mel strokes his cock as she fucks him. “Come. Come into my hand and then I’ll stuff it into your wife’s cunt.”
“Just be careful.” He smiles softly.
“Perfect needy slut.” He moans, giving him exactly what he wants.
"That doesn't make a difference. We have to tell him. Do you think he even remembers?"
Dark starts to stir, feeling the energy shift.
Sherlock grabbed the soap and began washing John.
Michael groans and kisses her neck.
Sherlock nodded. "Okay."
He blushes as they enter the room.
She marks his neck as she turns up the vibrator.
He gags around Eli’s cock, moaning as they all pound into him.
He blushes as he looks to the others.
He blushes brightly. "Yes, Sir." He goes upstairs, quickly undressing and getting onto the bed.
Mycroft giggles and blushes. “You’re so strong.” He looks to the other Gods and Sherlock, “will you all join us?” He asks.
Mycroft smiles and nuzzles him, yawning softly.
"You deserve the best, love."
“Brilliant. I’ll let you send out that list, then. Bring them here once you find them.”
John curls up with him.
"Mm. Good boy."
“Fuck my fist, baby. Just like that. You are so gorgeous. Good boy.” John says, compliments and praise falling from his lips.
Mycroft blushes and steps dow n from Taylol’s arms. He waddles over to Dorro and holds his arms open for a hug. “Sherlock’s my baby brother. He’s brought me here, a- as you can see I’ve already met Morna.” He giggles, introducing himself, and spanks his large, round arse.
"Mmhmm." She hums and nods. "You boys keep us girls pregnant at all times and we'll be the perfect little cumdumps. Whoever the baby's Daddy is gets fucked by everyone. And I mean everyone." She moan softly, rolling he nipple between her finger as she squeezes her other breast.
“Thank you.” Morna moves gently.
“Mm hey.” Sally smiles, looking up at him.
He hums and gently sets her on the floor. “Good luck.”
"Wake up, love.."
"I know but we need to. I'll carry you and do everything." He hums trying to entice Sherlock.
He smiles and hums. "Of course."
He smiles and nuzzles him. "Where in gods name did you find shorts this tiny?" He smirks.
He hums and nods. "Good."
Rosie holds onto him.
Kia smiles and sits on the grass.
He whimpers and whines a bit. “G-Gregory.. please..”
“You won’t. You can sleep on my good side and it’ll be all good.” John nods.
"Please..."
“Mm I think you need another cock in your hole.” John smirks.
“Christ, Sherlock.” Greg sighs. “I’m sending someone now. Where are you?”
“Hello you.” Sky smiles at Nina.
"I'm sorry, too.." He whispers as he kisses him. He buries his face into Mycroft's shoulder. "Can we go back inside, please?"
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“Probably down in his lab. He’s been working on a new series of experiments lately.”
John groans softly.
"Does Sunday evening work? I want her to get a good night's sleep before going back to school on Monday," he was trying to think of his own schedule in terms of how things would work between them. Usually they shared days between them on a three on three off but with Rosie wanting to visit Sherlock on John's weekend, he hoped they could find some wiggle room to make it work.
He kisses her back deeply, groaning.
Rosie hugs him tight. “We’ll see you tomorrow, Daddy.”
“Mm close by.” Morna smiles tiredly.
He blushes brightly. "I.. I didn't realize you could access that.." He smiles shyly.
He strokes him teasingly and deepens the kiss.
"Oh good everyone's here." Sky says as her back is turned I the door and just before they even enter the room.
“A few.” Margaret nods. “Lydia is the most powerful. She’s usually visible and around. If you call for her she’ll come.”
"I still think we need to use their own laws against them," John says while chewing on his fingernails. "You said before when we first found out my bite affects you as well. That Alpha's would... Well, I don't remember your wording. But essentially riot and sue each other if they knew someone else had their perfect mate. Doesn't it come down to Alpha's rights? If we can't change the laws, yet, for omegas... Then let's tweak them in our favour."
He gasps and arches. "Yes.."
She cuddles into him and relaxes. She grumbles as her phone vibrates and sticks her hand in the air, having the phone fly across the room and into her waiting hand.
Mycroft smiles and kisses Crystal. “You know I would do anything for you, ma’am.” He smiles, safe in knowing they were alone.
“Myropis.” John says, his tone dripping with venom.
He smiles and holds him.
She moans softly and sucks on his tongue.
He thrusts harder.
He opens his mouth for Greg as his hands go to his hair.
She smiles softly and kisses him.
“I believe he can. His ancestor was able to cast curses, I believe that power may have passed down to the man here today.” Mycroft explains. “If he is unable to do it, and harms her in any way, I shall take full responsibility for it.” He explains.
He whimpers. “Yes. So empty..”
“Yes!” Morna moans loudly, dripping wet around Greig.
"You're welcome." She smiles.
Zack smiles softly. "When are you due, Carol?"
Margaret hums happily and kisses John back. “I love you, too.”
John is so angry he almost storms out without another word. But he stops halfway to the door and lowers his head. "I know it's just temporary, and you'd kill your brother, probably quite literally, if he miss-used his power. But I don't have to like it. I just want control over my own life, Sherlock."
"Mm that's nice of him." John smiles.
“Yes, sir. Please. Need it.”
But in the dark I have no name
He eventually relaxes with her.
“What do you want?” He smiles softly.
He smiles wobbly and sniffles, nuzzling him.
The sight of him in such pain, weighed heavily on Greg’s chest. Sherlock had been right, Greg was being selfish in his search for Mycroft…they could have tried harder to find John. He made a mental note to apologize to Sherlock in the morning.
He blushes and smiles, relaxing in his arms.
"Kind of. He goes by the name 'Tiger' which Moriarty gave him. Sky has made a hologram of him and I've had my people searching for him since. He's not in England." Mycroft frowns. "У тебя на коленях." Sky command, 'On your knees'. Ivan sinks to his knees easily. Sky picks up the briefcase full of money and walks to George's office. "Ползать." Sky snaps, 'Crawl'. Ivan bites his lip holding back a moan as he follows her, crawling on the floor.
"Of course, love." She smiles and let's him go.
He whimpers and blushes brightly, looking up at her.
She blushes and whimpers at the praise as her hips rock against his hand.
He blushes and mewls a bit.
Mycroft smirks and pushes into him quickly. He moans loudly and grips his hips tightly.
"Mm..okay, My." He snuggles into him and drifts off.
Greg pulls back just a bit, pressing their foreheads together.
He cries out as he comes hard, tightening around Duke’s cock as he spasms from his orgasm.
He moans and spreads his legs wider. "Please, sir. Use me."
He holds him close.
He smiles happily as he follows Jake, seeming much more open around him.
"Okay." He smiles softly.
His moans are muffled as he comes hard, making a mess against his desk.
He sniffles, looking a bit panicked. “I.. I want them but I just.. I don’t know.”
Mycroft moans. "Please.." He begs.
She mewls and relaxes.
Morgan pulls his nipple clamps as they come hard into him with Issac.
“Check in?” Greg asks.
He smiles and nuzzles him. "Mm you'd love to be so feel. You wouldn't be able to walk right for days. So deliciously sore."
Sherlock shakes his head. “Not that I can think of.”
She blushes and whimpers softly.
Sky hums happily and practically melts to his side finally being able to relax.
He whimpers and moves his hand to stroke himself.
Sherlock crawls over to him and kisses him deeply as he reaches for the lube.
“Good girl. Such a good girl for us.”
‘Thank you..’ Dark hums to Darius.
"M kay.." Sherlock mumbles sleepily into his pillow.
The waiter walks over sheepishly.
“Be safe, Sky. Please.”
He smiles softly and nods. “I will.”
“Fuck.” She whimpers, cunt dripping wet as she relishes in the fact that he wants to knock her up. She looks up and moans, watching Greg get fucked.
Morna leans in, her breasts pressed against Sherlock’s as she kisses over his jaw. “Starving.”
"Yeah." He blushes and smiles shyly.
Collin and Mycroft are on the couch, reading their papers and sipping their coffee.
He chuckles and hums as he gets in. "Mm, yes, but maybe a bit more practice."
When they get to the mall, Sherlock begins to show off his deduction skills for John.
Greg cries out and moans loudly.
"Thanks." She smiles softly.
"I love you, too, bee.."
"We love you so much.." Michael presses kisses to his head.
“Like it?” She rocks slowly.
Greg smiles and massages his scalp. He tips Sherlock's head back and rinses the shampoo from his head.
Sherlock whimpers and moans at Mycroft's dominance, submitting fully. "Your slut!"
Sherlock smiles and closes his eyes.
He moans loudly as he fucks her face, gripping her hair.
He blushes and hides his face.
He takes him inside, glad to see that the club was full of people.
She hums happily and fits against him perfectly.
They soon return with their bags.
"I believe we should be off, boys. We'll see you at the party, Sky."
He nods and lays on his stomach.
“I know.” John holds her close. “It’s just.. he always helps. That’s what he does.”
"I want to be in side you constantly. When you're brilliant I want to have you up against the nearest wall, when you're being an arse I want you on your knees sucking me off with that naughty mouth, and when you sulk I want to fuck you until you can even remember your own name." John growls and bites his ear.
Greg smiles softly and gets into the car after Sherlock. Lydia gets in up front with Anthea as they get into the spacious back.
“Wait till her levels balance out.”
"Never have I ever.. Umm." Sky tries to think of another.
“I can. I’m made for this.” Morna purrs.
Michael makes sure that she eats a bit.
He smirks. "Good boy."
He hides his face in his chest.
"We should get back out there."
John stiffens a bit. "I.."
"Why are you waking us?"
Mycroft turned and walked away with a huff.
He cups her face, moaning softly.
John rolls Sherlock onto his back, kissing him as he presses on top him.
"Sherlock, do you have anything you'd like Gregory to do to himself?"
“No, you can look.” Sherlock nods.
“Mmhmm.” Greg chuckles and moves around the asparagus.
"Feels so good, Daddy." Sky gasps and whimpers, always imagining Michael with a huge cock.
“Ah I see.” Mycroft chuckles softly, knowing neither Eli or Greg can turn down an eager wet cunt.
"Right." John nods and continues to pace. "Doesn't mean I enjoy being boxed in."
Anthea presses against Harry, smelling and licking her skin. She couldn’t help herself. Harry just smelled and tasted so good. She tasted like summer, warm sun and fresh air. Like dripping sugary ice pops that melt over your fingers. She whines, wanting more, and then blushes brightly. She had to stay in control of herself. She couldn’t let go. She couldn’t. Could she?
“They can’t control their abilities well enough yet.” She hums and bods.
Sherlock kisses John back gently. “Are you sure? I want you to be happy with this.”
He smiles and kisses her back.
“That would be nice.” Violet smiles softly, picking up her clothes as they go.
She takes his hand and kisses each of his fingertips before sucking two of his fingers into her mouth, letting his other hand be free to do what it wants.
“Can I?”
“When he fucks me, can I have another cock? I can suck you or Collin. Or you can take turns fucking my face while he fucks my arse. Please, Daddy.” He begs, whimpering.
He blushes and smiles as he follows him in.
He gasps and moans loudly, gripping her hips.
"Who do you want next?"
Sherlock smiles and continues to rub Camille’s back.
He presses against him, humming as he feels how hard Turk is. “Mm, if you’d be so kind.”
"Good boy." She smiles and nuzzles him.
“Kneel.” John points at the floor in front of his feet.
Danny giggles. "Mum!"
"Anything for you, baby." He cuddles him.
She whines and tightens herself around his knot, adding more pressure and stimulation.
“Slut.” Greg growls and smirks, pounding his arse.
"Hey..." John says, putting bus hands on his mother's knees. "It's dad. He'd never hurt you, or any of us," John whispers. "You trusted him enough to renew your bond. Part of you must trust him."
Sherlock whimpers and gets onto his hands and knees, eagerly presenting his arse.
“Collecting sewage samples. At least that was the plan but I saw her first.” Sherlock smiles at Neriine.
Joann whimpers. “I’m sorry. I.. I tried to stop him. I told him no. I begged him. I’m so sorry, Hanky I’m so so sorry.” She sniffles.
He leans in to kiss her.
‘Nearly twice as fast as humans.’
Mycroft nods, turning off his laptop and closing the lid, before getting up and following Greg to the kitchen.
Clark chuckles and kisses John as he pushes into him.
"221b, of course. He tried his tricks on John and I." Sherlock sighed. "Be quick. He might find himself jumping out the living room window to get away from us."
“I hope they’re right… ”
Jake bites his lip as he finishes off his drink.
"Talking. About me." Sky smiles a bit tightly.
“You know how to use a knife, don’t you?” Margaret smiles.
He sighs and nods. ‘Yeah, Alright..’
John barks a laugh. "I love you too." John says throat a tad sore. John whimpers as his own erection presses into his trousers.
“When the patient is healthy again he better hold on to what ever he can grab because the doctor is going to fuck him into next week.” John mumbles back.
Sky moans loudly and comes hard around him, taking his cum.
Collin moans loudly and fucks him harder.
He smiles against his lips and kisses him back.
“Slut. My slut.” Sherlock growls as he gets close.
“Mm about seven months. I like this size best. Big enough we’re I look nice and round and heavy but still some time left.” Morna smiles happily. “I can make them smaller or bigger.”
He smirks as he hears the noises. “Someone’s getting desperate, hm? And here I thought this would be a challenge.”
“You’ll be the first to know,” Sherlock said, as he gently massaged John’s neck and shoulders.
He pushes all the way into her.
"Yeah she's here." He sees the security eyeing them. "She knows we're here too."
He sucks in a breath and moans as she cuts off his air again.
She smiles and looks back at Sherlock's chart. "It's late now. He should be out till morning.." She signs.
Mycroft hesitates, trying to gather himself enough to explain. “We lost you for a while.. during the birth. Sky told me she could bring you back but I... Christ, I was so worried..” He nearly whispers the last part.
Greg cries out as one of them brushes against his prostate.
"Yes. Should we tell them we're going?"
She blushes and nods, taking a step back needing some space. "Thank you.. For everything.."
“I’m excited to see Mycroft.”
"Villain?" John exclaims, "Excuse me, but I'll have you know that
"Use me. Show me off. Make me submit."
She opens the door and comes in, closing it behind her. 'I'm not done drinking yet. Care to join me?' She holds up a bottle of liquor as she walks over to his bed.
Mycroft smiles and goes to see Sherlock. "Sorry for leaving, bee.."
She whimpers softly as she pulls off his cock. She turns and kisses him deeply.
He blushes and whimpers softly. “You know I am, Mikey. Love being a good little slut for you. Especially when we’re in public.” He grins, his cock leaking in his trousers, slowly making a wet spot.
“A bit desperate, aren’t you?” He smirks, sitting back to strip himself. “Need someone to take care of you?”
“Yeah. Just for a few days.” Eli chuckles as he hears Sherlock’s tone change. “Would you like to come with me?”
Zack and Bart win the match.
Mark whimpers and cries out as he comes hard, his body shaking.
"I love you.. Thank you for showing me I'm worth loving.." He bites his lip as he mumbles the last part.
“Oh really?” Collin smirks. “I’ve actually been getting complaints that there isn’t enough breedable pussy so this will be perfect. There’s going to be a lot of hard cocks and full balls. I hope she can handle it. I’m thinking well over a hundred at least.” His cock twitches at the thought.
“Feeling better?” She smiles softly, making tea.
“Mm Hello, darling.” The man smirks.
He growls. "Mine.." He adds a second finger.
Greg cries out as he comes hard, spurting against the shower wall.
"Not a single one, Sir." He mumbles against his skin as he presses closer.
"Christ." He sighs. "Why was Sky snappy? She usually has her shit together." He frowns.
"You can also change the way you look.. Watch." She smiles happily and her hair goes from dark brown to an electric blue.
She smiles and follows him.
John frowns a bit. "Hm."
"Mm? Sorry what?" He blinks and refocuses.
“It’s definitely paid off.”
"Are we done with cartoons? Could you go turn the telly off?"
"I need to taste you.." He pulls him up and kisses him needy. "Mm you taste like arse and come.. It's perfect.." He kisses him deeply.
She smirks and spreads her lips with her fingers, just pressing in the tip of her tongue.
"Good boy. Such a good boy."
“I know everything about them.” Dorro nods. “Her.” He points to a woman.
She blushes and giggles, each time she rocks the dildo inside her fucks. “I have an extra long one inside me. Almost tentacle like. Every time I thrust into you it rocks in my womb.” She pants a bit, her thrusts starting to pick up again.
John jumps at the sound, his sleepy haze making him believe he was still in his bedsit. "What?!" He squeaks, before realising who was talking. "Oh.... Oh, Sherlock... I'm.... I'm sorry..." He gulped air. "Bad dream."
“Mm I want to ride you, Mikey. Please.” Sherlock begs, his cock leaking.
“Mm. But you love me.”
Michael groans as he rubs her clit and eases in a finger. "Fuck.."
"I love you." He chuckles and smiles happily.
Mycroft pulls him closer and nips at his jaw.
Hi guys! Welcome to this fun little RP Accident and I are doing. Prepare for good old-fashioned Omega/Alpha smut, and lots of bossy John. I've made a few minor edits after our RP, mainly spelling and the such, and fixing a few areas I figured might need clarification. But mostly, you're getting it raw, as our brains spat it out mostly during the middle of the night for both of us. ;)
She smirks. "Want me to fist you?"
'Of course..' She smiles softly, looking up for a kiss.
"Such a perfect fucking slut." He growls and pounds into him.
“Great.” He blushes a bit and smiles.
She whimpers and rocks against him needy before slowly getting onto her knees in front of him. She looks up at him as she unties her lacy see through nightgown and let's it pool around her. She takes his cock out and kisses along his length.
She whimpers and arches. "Fuck me on my hands and knees. Fill me with your cum. You must be so full of it. So much cum."
He blushes and nods. “Brilliant..”
He looks up for a kiss.
Sherlock hums in agreement. "It can't tie me up and tease me, either." His eyes greedily drank in the sight of John palming himself, his mouth watering.
Sherlock does as she saying, locking it in place before turning the blender on. “Do you enjoy doing this?” He asks.
John holds Mycroft gently and kisses his head. "Sleep.." He mumbles already drifting off.
John shrugs. “My mum says he’s a protector and I’m a healer. That we work well together.” He frowns.
Before we both lose this fight
"Yeah... Um, can we just be left alone tonight? I'll ring if we need anything." John asks of the nurse, who frowns but nods and closes the door behind her on her way out. John knew it wasn't proper protocol, but he had a sneaking suspicion that Mycroft had pulled a few strings for him.
John stands still and takes in some deep breaths. “Really it’s okay? God I honestly don’t know how to thank you, letting me stay here. I’m not paying rent. I'm not really living at all, am I? And then I bring in a dog,” he huffs. “But would you like to... to stay? I cooked too much, it seems. You could stay for dinner. If you’d like,” he offers.
Jason pulls back immediately.
He wraps his hand around his neck and pulls him back into his cock.
“Hi, Daddy.”
"I love you.."
Sherlock steps up silently behind Margret and wraps his arms around her stomach resting his hands on her tiny bump and his chin on her shoulder.
“Just wanted to update you on the situation.”
His moans are muffled around Collin's cock.
He frowns deeply, looking heartbroken. "I.. I can't.." He shakes his head. "He doesn't want me. He's ashamed of me. He doesn't need to see me. It would be best if I just left. I'll fix Sky up and then I'll just take off. It would be better like that."
He moves to lay on his back.
He smirks. “Mm. Slut.”
"Mm, yeah. Y'know I love waking up to feeling your body pressed against mine."
John kisses and nips Sherlock's jaw. He strokes him again nice even firm strokes. John reaches down and cups Sherlock's bollocks and rolls them in his palm.
"Now you finally see me for who I really am." She smiles at him a bit sadly and drinks another glass as the ringing stops. "Begin the hunt." She snaps. "Yes, Ma'am!" They people on the other end of the line shout back and then the line goes dead. "And so it has begun." She hums as she pours herself a final glass.
He curls up with him.
John moans and whimpers at the sensation of fucking and being fucked. He blushes at Greg’s words, thrusting harder, making Greg fuck him harder.
Sherlock whimpers and lets go, coming hard into his sheet and making a mess.
Above me, his commonplace books lined perfectly dusted but otherwise long untouched shelves. This was his grand index, crafted meticulously with the names, relationships, and histories for notable criminals and important persons across no fewer than four continents. It was Holmes' finest resource, and now it was surely out of date and untrustworthy. Even his prized mental maps of the city and its environs would have to be recreated en masse. Buildings had been demolished and built in the time he was away. Bridges and roads laid. Restaurants and residents had come and gone and come again. Change was everywhere in our Empire's great capital, and Sherlock Holmes had seen none of it.
He said it as if it was nothing, as if it was possible to imagine our lives that far into the future and not utter foolishness to try. Perhaps for him, it was. The dawn yet hours away seemed a horizon distant enough for me. Roughly four hours and twenty minutes away, according to the pocket watch still lying open in my lap.
For the first time, Holmes did not have an immediate response.
"No, I changed my mind at your door in the middle of the night. There, I arrived at the proper realization that your professional efforts were entirely unnecessary as my anxiety about my various symptoms was merely one of the symptoms itself."
"Oh, Holmes," he said with a noticeable slur as he pulled away the captive's gag. Watson half collapsed into an embrace around Holmes' shoulders that the detective could not match, still cuffed to the chair and coughing his raw throat clear. "Sherlock, thank God. Thorne told me the worst and I… I believed him."
The noises outside intensified.
Outside, amazed eyes everywhere we went shattered the illusion. Sherlock Holmes was a walking miracle. It is not everyday that one sees the resurrected striding through the city in full casual nonchalance. A bit of his magic even rubbed off onto me, as if I had somehow been the medium that returned him to our living reality. In those first days, a strange disbelieving reverence followed the two of us about. News of Holmes was on the front page of every newspaper in the nation. Passers-by whispered to each other on the street, trying not to get caught pointing as I walked to the tobacconist and back.
I should have liked to tell him how much I appreciated this open, vulnerable gesture, and that I knew what it took of him to even attempt it. Holmes' courage in the face of mortal danger was legendary, but this act took something different than heroism. He was braver now, stronger in a way I never knew before that he could be.
"Then why didn't you follow through with any of them?"
"What am I observing? What is it I am supposed to see here?"
There were so many things I should have liked to tell him at that moment. But I was well beyond the ability to speak by then.
But when Watson made a low, wordless sound into his mouth, the spell was severed instantly. Holmes opened his eyes, realized what he'd done, what he was doing, and mortified, tried to pull away as quickly as he could manage. With a strength the detective did not believe the doctor still had left in him, Watson grabbed his fleeing wrist. Holmes' fingers twitched in the air, bound in place.
"Good, you're listening." The engineer sneered and Holmes could see blood from a loosened incisor caked between his gums and drying on his lips to a thin red crust. "Now come on. I have two very impressive things to show you."
He should have predicted it. He should have known. Under any other conditions, he would have. They had differing buoyancies, differing levels of strength, and were attempting an extended swim in turbulent water. How else was this to end? It was stupid, idiotic not to have prepared. He was not certain what preparation would have meant in this context, but there had to have been something to do. Even a warning to his friend, however hopeless, would have been better than the nothing he gave him.
His meaning was clear. It was time.
"Watson! I am surprised to see you up at such an uncivilized hour. I was off on my way toward dreamland myself."
Calling and scanning, Holmes stumbled gradually along the waterline. It took time for the detective to perceive a body slumped against a wood post down the beach, but when he saw it, he hurried towards it as quickly as his woozy, dehydrated equilibrium would allow him, an interminable slog.
Confused, I blinked at him. There was something in his voice I had never heard before.
"I remembered serious stimulants are often as terrifying as they are invigorating. I remembered how much I once loved that intoxicating sensation of dancing on the fine edge of the blade, never quite certain on which side I'd fall. That dark pleasure may well be lost to me forever. All I felt tonight was fraught."
His self-diagnosis seemed correct by all observations. Heightened blood pressure, a fine tremor, pupils wide and black. A mild overdose of cocaine it was.
I left the room to let him sleep. If I stayed, I was certain to end up waking him, and Holmes needed rest now more than anything after the night's near-disaster. The immediate danger for him was passed. Instead, all the risk for him lay in the future, with the sway of the drug over his senses now returned as alive and vibrant as he was.
"Holmes, you are as hot as a lit match. You are ill?"
I thought of all my notebooks, my reliable direct link to Holmes always at the ready, one I spent the last years trying not to look up from. He lived forever there, vibrant, eternally present tense on paper and in my memory and in the memories of the ravenous reading audience. I was only too content to indulge their insatiable desire for what was lost, a hunger that I shared with them.
A crash.
Watson relaxed back to rest his damaged head and he released Holmes' arm. His fingers grazed over the sodden hair at Holmes' temple and settled onto the nape of the detective's neck, sliding into place between the sinews as if they were made to fit there.
But it was then the scraping noise began.
"You aren't hurting me, Holmes."
I suppose I should have been stunned as I brought my own arms up his back to hold him, but my heart was not surprised at all that this was what he wanted, what he needed.
It took a long moment before Holmes gathered himself again, this time without help. Watson had only a minute before been paddling beside him. Now there was naught but rough water. Holmes craned his stiff neck to each side and used up what was left of his rasping voice shouting Watson's name, inhaling as much water as air in the process, but if there was a reply to his cries over the waves he could not hear it. The outcome was as inevitable as it was sickening.
"It won't do, Watson."
The water tasted cool and fresh but no amount could satisfy him. If anything, the more he drank, the thirstier Holmes became. On reaching the empty bottom of the glass, he collapsed back into the mound of pillows in his sickbed, spent and frustrated by the effort.
Holmes kicked at his chair to get the doctor's attention. It made a pathetic amount of sound compared to the noise of streaming water spilling through the room, but it was all that he could do.
"I am no doctor," he said quietly as he returned to me. "I am a detective."
"Thirsty... I am thirsty, Watson. Have you any water?"
"Ah, yes. You have my apologies. Shall not happen again."
Sputtering as he staggered backwards from the blow, Thorne pawed limply at the steel rod now protruding from his chest. Dark blood spilled from his gaped mouth but his eyes were already empty glass marbles rolling back into his head as he tumbled to the ground. The lever stood at a nearly perfect perpendicular angle out of his supine body, a ready-made burial marker for an engineer's corpse while it twitched its last.
"If you were taking the time to learn to repair, why not work more on the case? The silver is in such poor condition."
"I genuinely thought you would find your way to it, or at least the more salient points. But I let myself forget that too, the guidance you require for even such basic deductive reasoning. Careless of me. So much carelessness."
He was right. He was different now. And I should have liked to tell him that I was proud of him for it, proud of him for it all.
He closed his eyes and pretended to rest.
"I am not certain what I thought I would discover tonight. I only knew there was something there," he said. "I found it."
"How on earth did you get this? You had it all this time? I thought I'd lost it."
"Ah, that would be a step back. Look closer. Use my glass."
Watson was not only alive, he was even working to push himself up lopsided out of the rising flood. The shock of cold seawater on his skin had done what muffled barking could not, and Watson was awake, although much less so than Holmes would have hoped. His head hung loose between his sloped shoulders.
I, however, had moved my life out to other, less painful digs after I returned from the Continent and he did not. There was no John Watson museum to find now on my return. My heavy old desk I had left, so it was waiting for me with fresh paper and even my preferred brand of ink. But every book was missing, every letter gone from its slot. A comfortable new bed stood proudly next to an empty wardrobe. Mrs. Hudson's fresh handmade soap sat waiting and fragrant by the basin along with plenty of towels and water, but my razor was waiting for me uselessly on the other side of the city.
First, he tested my ability for motion, gently pushing and lifting my arm and shoulder into various positions. Gradually, simple slow movements advanced in complexity. My joints complained audibly throughout but I was successful at everything required until Holmes tried to fully extend my arm above my head. The damaged ligaments resisted him but he stopped before I felt much more than a twinge. He released my arm and stepped behind me.
"You weren't meant to be napping, Mr. Holmes. Shame. I was hoping you might have heard the good news. Are you listening now? Snap to it, man!"
Holmes tilted his head at me. To him I was ever on display as a butterfly pinned beneath glass.
"I think you should keep it. I want you to."
"I know what you want, Watson. You want me to tell you I did not find you limited by your wounds. You, a medical man, know I cannot, of course. You are limited, as are we all to differing extents by our troublesome mortal bodies, but that is no consolation. You want me to tell you that your damaged body does not represent you and your worth. Again, I cannot. Your injuries do represent you, and perfectly so. Everything one need know of John Watson is obvious from any cursory inspection of his scars."
"The cognac? No, I... I never came on a good reason to open it." I thought of long nights by myself in a room I could not afford to keep, looking over at a gifted bottle of brandy I could not afford to replace. "I suppose I was saving it."
If only yelling behind his gag at the body on the floor did not make Holmes cough so. By the time he could stop his helpless jag of heaving against the fabric stuffed into his throat, he finally found the answer he was driven to know.
I could not help but stop for a moment, caught by the overwhelming sensation of us wading into deep and treacherous waters. I hesitated, but I had to know where this river led. I began in the shallows with the basic construction of the device, but Holmes cut me short.
Holmes had encouraged me to come to stay with him as early as that very first evening after Sebastian Moran nearly finished the job James Moriarty failed at all those years prior. This time, to my fortune, I was at his side to peel the villain's fingers away from Holmes' throat. We walked away together back across the street to our old rooms as if we were walking back in time. Back into a lost life, found perfectly preserved.
"Indeed it is. Why would that be?"
"That I was at all. It is real physical evidence that I could hold in my hands and know. This piece of John Watson survived, and thus did he, and thus did the Sherlock Holmes I was when I was with him. That was enough. In the darkest nights, in the most unknown places, when I had not worn my own face nor spoken in my own voice for months and then years, what remained of me was this stolen fragment of you. And when I held it, it was enough. I could feel the gears ticking between my palms, my heart beating beneath my ribs, and time moving inexorably forward. All I had to do was be patient. Be patient and survive."
Everything here was Holmes as he had been, a fossilised image of him left trapped exact in amber. Was it who he was still? How much had he changed from the day I left him, the day he left me? Had he changed at all? I tried to imagine what the past meant to a formerly dead man, but I found I did not know what it meant to a formerly grieving man either. Not yet.
"Thirteen. And more did than you might think. Anonymity is easiest found in the lower rungs of society. I used the watch when I could, hid it when I could not."
"Wake up, you son of a bitch. I have something for you."
In that moment, everything seemed possible. Everything seemed temporary.
But why had he even taken it, then? Why go through the trouble of keeping it after he had? What was to be gained by stealing a timepiece he had no real use for by his own admission?
"That does not make those symptoms any less hazardous. What are you feeling? Here, take this thermometer."
And even that was only if...
Unlike anything before it in the length of his life, what happened next occurred entirely without any plan whatsoever, nor even the shadow of a concrete thought. Holmes simply leaned in and pressed his lips to Watson's. He kissed him. Without thinking, without caution, and soon without abandon, he kissed him.
"What? Why did you not simply tell me that?" I asked as I dragged him back toward my medical bag and the nearest bed, my own.
He opened his eyes and sat up to regard me, deciding how or if he would proceed.
He averted his gaze as I began to disrobe, electing instead to thoroughly examine the pipe rolling between his fingers, but once I was down to my shirtsleeves, his attention came back to me in full force. He watched every button of my shirt open, and studied every shrug I employed to tease stiffened limbs out of my clothing. Standing bare to the waist before Sherlock Holmes I felt more exposed than I previously knew possible. He looked into my eyes for a moment, confirming to himself I was in fact allowing whatever would come next to proceed. Then he stepped forward to address his subject.
"So you came to my door in the middle of the night."
I was a good sleeper once. I remembered those days clearly. When necessary, I slept soundly on rolling ships, in active battlefield surgeries, and in the midst of tropical monsoons. Later I discovered myself able to find rest amid the most savage violin torture, crammed in hiding inside a linen closet, or curled on a hay pile across from a giraffe in the barn of a forger. When I truly needed it, sleep was within my reach.
"I don't know what it is that you want me to say. It is a pocket watch. A timepiece. A gift. A memory. What is it you are digging for?"
Holmes laid there on the shore, actually laid outstretched for the first time in days, and relished the cool air rushing through him in uneven bursts while the shallow water splashed about his body. Loose pebbles rattled beneath him with the current, in and out like breathing. Above him, the stars sparkled in the cloudless night. When he could lift his head, he saw the last remnants of the ship still aflame, although assuredly not for much longer.
I was never going to do anything but comply. He stood too, still not fully steady, but stable enough to take the few short steps forward to approach me. There he stood, frozen in place, considering.
I thought it might be different now. I had not only met a ghost, I was living in that ghost's upstairs bedroom again, by this time for almost a week. Sherlock Holmes had returned to London and life and me without warning and the world seemed fully upside down.
As I wriggled my good shoulder into the pillow once more and tried to sink into at least some semblance of twilight, I heard a sound I had almost forgotten. My doorknob turned, although I did not hear the familiar click of the latch that used to precede Holmes bursting in with news and plans and absolutely no decorum whatsoever.
"Take my arm. Keep your head low. We have to get up on deck," he said. If they were going to wobble, they would likely be more stable if they wobbled together.
"Yes, I can. I will. I need only a moment or two."
"Holmes, I cannot keep playing this game. Please."
Holmes tested his iron bonds again with all available strength and considered his options. With rope, it might have been possible. It was amazing what necessity and a willingness to dislocate multiple joints at once could do. With his deprived weakness and injury, it would have been a significant challenge. But bound in manacles instead of rope, and with nothing to pick the lock, there was no realistic recourse for him, not in the time he had. He would do the only thing he could do instead.
His hands grasped in the air at imagined limbs. I pushed them back down.
"You know, it just wasn't sporting, Mr. Holmes. Not sporting at all, but you English never did believe in fair play. Look at your fox hunts. A bunch of you mincing ninnies dress up in your Sunday finest, prance around on horses, and have a pack of over-bred hounds corner a helpless animal so you can shoot it and feel proud of yourselves for your accomplishment. Well, I'd like to see you worthless fops try your hand against a real opponent, say an American gray wolf, all muscle and teeth. You believe you're a valiant man? You think you can hunt? I want to see you try it when your prey hunts you right back. Your little dogs won't be much good to you when the wolf gets a hold of their throats. This one certainly wasn't."
"What have you done?" he bellowed, accusing Holmes of vandalism they both knew he could never have committed. Thorne corrected himself. "What did he do?"
"That was Lieutenant Durand," I said, taken aback as ever by his accuracy. "And yes, he did. What appeared to be a punctured lung turned out to be only a bad graze to the ribs. Telling him that good news is the last thing I can remember. He sent me a bottle of cognac when I arrived back in London. I never properly thanked him for it."
Silent psychic demands ended up working rather better than incoherent stifled roars, or more likely they were exactly the same level of useless. Coincidence or not, Watson at last turned his head and looked lost for a moment before the slow-dawning realization of what he was seeing broke through his fog. The doctor dragged himself into an approximation of standing and staggered his way across the room.
Sherlock Holmes finally stopped listlessly staring at our waning fire and turned to me, all seriousness in his eyes.
Holmes, determined to prove his capability, rose to his feet in the now shin-deep water and shook out numb leg muscles uncomfortably reluctant to support his weight. Unable to prevent it despite every effort, he stumbled back into the chair. Holmes knew his legs, prickling from a thousand invisible bee stings, needed only to get blood back into them to function, but they seemed to take it from his brain. The world had a curious slow spin to it. When he moved his head, reality took a moment to snap back into position.
"I was grateful every day you were not."
The question struck Holmes as absurd at first. What could he possibly need? He had not considered he would ever require anything again, as warm and eased as he was in those moments. But Watson had asked, and the seed planted took root with speed and vehemence. It was possible to need something more than this somehow, and on knowing that, one requirement came so insistently to the fore that Holmes could do little but abide it.
"But you… you never told me."
A violent hand tore the heavy gunny sack off of Holmes' head. Light flooded everywhere around him instead of existing only as what little managed to flicker through a jagged nail hole in sackcloth. Holmes' readjusting eyes stung as he winced against the glow, barely able to see. At least there was fresh air for his deprived lungs now instead of naught but his own hot breath cycled back to him. His temples pounded while he blinked and fought to regain his bearings.
Now it looked as if my watch had lived a dozen lives in the time I had missed it. Scratches in the case caught the glint of the light. Small dings left the metal pockmarked. It was filed bare of the fine engraving of my initials it had once worn.
"Did you drink it?"
"But why would you steal my watch? I would have simply given it to you if I'd only known you had use for it."
A single fresh puncture wound sat red and angry in the crook of his elbow. My needle made a twin for it in a nest of long healed scars. I left to fetch him some cool water to drink and myself some space to breathe. Holmes was quieter when I returned.
Holmes huffed a small laugh that reverberated through my chest.
His roundabout method of engaging his curiosity about me charmed me despite the grim circumstances of the question. I had been recovering well under the roof at Baker Street and out on cases with him, in body and in spirit. It was an honour to be of interest to a man who excluded anything he deemed dull and pointless from his thoughts.
Holmes sighed and downed the last of his brandy. His glass hit the table empty and hard, but his shining grey eyes were anything but.
Our debate and occasional shouting match went on, but I refused to bend. At last Sherlock Holmes conceded defeat with the drop of his obstinate shoulders.
At first, he did nothing more than stand in front of me. I waited and resettled myself in place, unable to keep still completely. This seemed to please him, presumably as it gave him a chance to see my arm move naturally at my side. I scratched at my nose with that hand, half out of nerves and half to offer Holmes a different view of my shoulder in motion. When I dropped it again, he came closer.
"No. One or the both of us would be dead. You said it yourself. We both know what sacrifices can be required to stop great evil. Sherlock, look at what our sacrifices have brought. It is a safer, kinder world for what we went through. And you and I survive to enjoy it together."
Holmes stepped back, his brow furrowed deeply. All his focus remained entirely on that one point. Without a word and without meeting my eyes, he abruptly removed his coat and threw it aside to the floor. His waistcoat and collar followed into the pile. He unbuttoned his shirt enough to expose the paleness of his thin chest and he snaked his hand inside to feel at his own shoulder.
I tried to think like him, about him, in that way he thinks about everything – with great intent.
He looked so much older now in the flickering shadows. I supposed I did too.
"Watson, there isn't time for this," Holmes snarled through gritted teeth. "We have to find a way off the ship. If you have not noticed, we are sinking."
He laid his hand on my good shoulder and crouched to press his ear to my back.
"Halloa? Can anyone hear us?" one cried down the long sand expanse. "Is anyone there?"
Instead, Holmes poured his concentration into kicking and gazing up at the night sky arching wide above him. The distant suns were neutral onlookers to his drama, peering down at him through the clouds of his hot breath in the cold moist air. Too weak to give himself much propulsion through the waves, he attempted to steer with one cooperating arm and hope the current would do most of the work in carrying him ashore.
"You wish to know what I saw when I examined your healed shoulder. That is simple. I saw you, Watson. I saw your history. I saw your life.
"I do not know that. Pray what happens if you can't stay awake? Watson, there has to be another way."
"To be honest, there is not much to tell you, Holmes. My arm is somewhat limited now in its range of motion and my shoulder aches with overuse or humid weather. The fever mercifully took any memory I had of the event itself, but I can show you the scar if that is what you are after. It's not pretty, but I doubt you will find it grotesque enough to be interesting either. It is a gunshot wound, nothing more or less. Do you wish to see it?"
A jolt woke him from a fainting spell he had not even noticed. Startled, he flailed, kicking out with his functioning limbs and hitting something unexpected, something mostly solid.
Holmes stepped back and refocused his eyes on the present and on me. He sat down and breathed deeply as he sank into his chair. It was a long moment before he spoke again.
"Not enough? Let me see if I can't remedy that for you. Try to rest, Holmes. I won't be long."
"Oh, look at your beady little eyes get big. Now, don't trouble yourself there too much, Mr. Holmes. I left him breathing yet." Thorne looked over at his subject. And kept looking, confused. "At least I thought I did."
, as if he had ever been anything but, not least to himself. He appealed to my reason, and when that failed, he attempted to insult me away instead. On realizing even his worst was nothing to me, he brought out his best.
He was a hostage, handcuffed to a chair in a storage closet on a steam ship out of Den Helder called the Friesland. The freshly broken arm that had gotten him caught ached hideously behind him, unset and twisted into cuffing position at the chair leg. The tight iron manacles and his intermittent struggles against them had chafed his skin raw.
Thirteen – no,
An early attempt to stand was ill-advised and quickly thwarted in a splash. He used his limited energy to work his legs in the water instead. The incoming waves continued their assistance until his back ran aground like a beached ship.
He closes his eyes, drifting off to sleep.
"I'd love to." He smiles.
“Mmhmm.” John kisses her cheek.
David noses her neck. ‘Would you still like that? Whore you out to anyone with a cock?’
Sherlock and Mycroft hesitate stop first but then kiss back eagerly.
“He’s going to want to drag it out. Keep us separated for as long as possible. While I’m out looking, Mycroft is going to track the Moriarty accounts as well as the ones of close to them. Jim wants to cause strain between us so he gets me all to himself. I’m sure he’s also going to try and play with you as well to stress you out which will in turn stress me and make me sloppy.” Sherlock takes a drink.
He blushes brighter and a whimper escapes him.
He smiles softly and cuddles him.
Sherlock blushes and raises his hips for Greg.
She blushes and nods, leading her to the back.
He pushes all the way deep into him gripping his hips and fucking him hard.
“You’re gonna be a natural at this.” Greg smiles softly. “Try rocking your finger slowly.”
“Poor thing. You have all the cock you could want now.”
Sky blushes brighter and would whimper if she could breathe around his cock.
"Sure. You need some sleep.." Greg smiles.
John smiles and carries Sherlock to his room, tucking him up under the blankets. “I’m going to get your brother. I’ll be back soon.” John says before leaving to head back to the pool.
Greg blushes and nuzzles him.
Sherlock sits nervously.
“With Sky. She’s safe. Recovering, but safe.”
She holds onto him and breathes hard. "Is it always like that?"
Sky hums and sits in the drover seat after they put their bags in the back.
He chuckles softly and smiles.
Michael nods and slowly moves off of the tiger. "Ready to go back?"
Greg nearly screams as he comes hard.
He holds his hips and rocks into him.
"Well that's promising. We have to be careful though. You had major surgery and it'll take a while to recover. So no jumping roof tops or chasing bad guys. Just relaxing till you're tip top again."
Turk smirks. “Of course, baby. Only the best for you.”
"Sure, we can decide what to make at the shops." John says as they approach the playground where Rosie seems to be playing with a few kids. "When Rosie goes to yours my place reverts to a bachelor flat, complete with lack of food."
Sherlock smiles and relaxes, soon falling asleep.
He smiles and kisses her head.
Sherlock wraps his arm around the person's neck, dragging them off in a choke hold.
The woman gagged and tried to stick either of them with the needle, but Mycroft managed to get it out of her hand.
“I think that’s it.” Sherlock nods.
Udos smiles, “it doesn’t matter, their mummy’s up here with them. As Gods they would live better lives, they would be at the top.” He says softly. “But they won’t be the same as you. They’ll grow up slower. What one year is for you, would take five years for them.”
“Mummy, they’re playing in the water!”
John groans. "I'll fuck you when you get your stitches out. How about I suck you off?"
“Christ, look at you. Going somewhere?” George chuckles as he sees her.
Sherlock hums softly. "As good as I can, considering.."
He hums and takes him into his mouth.
He pockets his phone and quickly finishes his pack of cigarettes. He needs something stronger to get his mind off of things. He makes his way to the local pub.
Mycroft kisses Greg’s head softly.
‘Mm then do it.’ She purrs.
He chuckles and smiles.
He thrusts his fingers. "This arse is mine.."
"What's stopping you now?"
He moans and arches, kissing her back.
Zack’s moans get louder as he’s fucked.
**Not a problem. --JW** John looks up from his phone and watches Sherlock poke at his egg. "Don't play with your food Sherlock. I'll have to force feed you if this keeps up."
"Really? That'd be amazing."
The man starts swearing and leaves the cafe slamming the door. She sits at their table. "I'm really sorry about that.." She says quietly and doesn't look them in the eye for long than a few seconds.
He moans and bucks his hips.
She nods. “Different parts of the globe and some in testing facilities that I’m working on getting freed.”
He huffs a laugh softly and relaxes his throat, taking Greg deeper.
He wraps his arms around her. “Mm, I love you.”
He smiles softly and hums.
"Understood, Sir. Please, Sir!" Greg tries to rut back against Mycroft.
“Oh stop playing with the newbies.” Mycroft sighs. “He’s just trying to be nice. He has his eyes on John. He’s just not wanting to hurt your feelings.” He explains.
“Yeah? Do you need some cock, baby?” Eli smirks.
He kisses her forehead and runs his fingers through her hair.
John growls and pulls at Mycroft's bottom lip with his teeth. Sherlock and Greg moan loudly under them.
Mycroft smiles and stands, moving to kiss him.
He hums happily against his lips and nuzzles him affectionately.
He relaxes against him and turns to kiss him.
Sherlock blushes. “You’ll all be watching me... listening to me. I... I want to do it, but I don’t like the idea of you all just watching us two in our private time.” He mumbles.
[So what do we do? How do we know it's different this time? I mean, I'd be lying if I said I didn't want it because I do. I really, really do.]
"Good." Benny smiles.
Sherlock nods. “What do they look like now? Do they have little eyes and ears?” He asks.
Clark blushes a bit and nods. He turns around and bends over the bed.
Mycroft looks back at him with a desperate look in his eyes, silently begging for more.
He nods and sits up. "Of course."
Chloe hums happily and nuzzles him, still breathing him in. "God you smell good." She mumbles against his neck.
He runs his hands over his thighs.
He holds his hips and slowly rocks.
She mewls and rocks with him. “Mm we should move to the hot tub. That way you can sit and I can ride you.”
Violet rocks back against her fingers and tongue. "So good.."
Sherlock frowns a bit. “No need to be rude.”
"What time are you guys leaving in the morning?"
Sherlock looks at him, confused. “I.. ‘Dear’?”
He nuzzles him back softly.
“You’ve thought of us kissing before?” John blushes a little, a bit thrown.
“Of course I’m afraid I’ll lose you. I’m human and you’re not.” John frowns. “I want to spend eternity with you, anyway I can.”
"John..." Sherlock is relieved. "You're awake."
Michael nods and kisses him. 'Sky? Could you put us in my head?'
"You're so brilliant."
“Mm I love you, too.” Crystal grins and pulls him in for another kiss.
Sherlock stepped under the spray.
"Oh good. I was afraid I might actually hurt someone."
"I uh, have terrible nightmares most nights. War, and all that."
“Where’s the doggie man?” Nina looks up at Turk. Fitz makes Nina up a little plate of food as well.
"That's... That's not how that works," John says around a laugh while gathering up his discarded clothes and bundling them in his arms. "I'm going to go shower. Somehow the thought of chatting with my parents with your come leaking out of me just... Doesn't sit right." John heads off to the bathroom, which is thankfully attached to the room so he doesn't require clothing just yet.
"Should we stay with him?" Harry asked, surprising herself when she realized she hated not being bound to her mates. If they were bonded, she'd be able to sense Mycroft. To check in on his emotional state, making sure he was alright after what he'd just done.
He smirks and sips his drink.
He whimpers a bit as he spreads his legs for him.
Collin holds Cara close, staring down at her in his arms.
John blinked a few times, blushing madly for a moment and then he realized. “Oh god,” he let out a gush of air and then laughed. “Sorry. For a second I thought… I thought you were actually saying that to me!” he said, shaking his head. “Yeah that was good, Sherlock. Really good. He’ll love it. Say it just like that,” John said. “Was that it? I’ll ah… get out of here before he arrives so you can reset. You look… amazing by the way. Bloody hell,” John said under his breath, turning to head back out. “You’ll be fine. He’s very lucky.”
He gasps and nods desperately. “Yes!”
Turk sits in the couch and relaxes as John sits.
"Wonderful. It's brilliant seeing you so happy." He smiles and kisses him back.
He moans and starts to thrust harder.
He moans breathily and arches into him.
“Want Eli to fuck you or do you need a minute?” He nuzzles him.
John takes the wheel chair back inside. “Really Sherlock, I’m just offering to help my little brother is that so difficult to understand. ” Mycroft drawls and drops his hand.
He moans happily, wanting John to fuck his face.
*We can barricade the door.-SH*
He bites his lip, frowning a bit. "You know how long.." He hadn't been with anyone since his wife died.
He blushes and nods. “Yeah, we went to school together.”
"My good boy. All mine." She mewls as she rocks her hips, using him.
The nurse goes in to replace the IV. Back at Greg's flat, Mycroft's phone buzzes on the bedside table, pulling a small grumble from Mycroft as he wakes. He grabs his phone, squinting at the screen. **Fanta sticks. --MH** He attempts to write 'fantastic' before tossing his phone onto the ground.
He blushes brightly and smiles, nuzzling him.
It hardly rings once before Sherlock's worried voice is asking him to explain everything.
He stands and strips slowly.
Mycroft smiles and laps at Magdala.
He rocks against her, groaning.
He blushes and smiles shyly, holding onto him.
"I'd be the same if my kid told me that they wanted to be a cop." He nods.
Mycroft growls and bites at his neck.
He whimpers, trying to stop himself from coming. "So good, Daddy.."
"Mm, what'd you get me?"
“I would never have suggested this case if I had known how you felt..”
Sherlock pulls him closer, deepening the kiss.
He nods and closes his eyes, snuggling against him.
'Yeah.. Maybe. When things get better..'
Sky whimpers softly as he rubs her belly, nuzzling under his chin gently.
Brian and Fitz clean and take the babies away.
Maggie moans and holds onto Greg. “Always wanted this. Wanted a big family. So many babies.”
"Good boy." She moans and arches. "Mm Collin tied me down to a breeding stand the first time he got me pregnant. Fucked me for days. Filling me with so much cum. Then he fucked me with the machine in between. It was only after I figured out he replaced the fake cum in the machine with his own that he'd been saving. By the time he untied me days later I was pregnant and dripped  his cum for a week straight." She mewls, carding her fingers in John's hair.
She purrs and clenches around him teasingly.
"If you want. You might have to keep her from skinning me alive. I was quite rude to her earlier." John sighs.
Sherlock had somehow gotten out of bed and was now near the back of the room, clutching something sharp.
He moans into the kiss.
He mewls and blushes. “Yours, Daddy..”
He frowns. “Right.”
Sherlock chuckles. “I feel incredibly lucky that she’s allowed me to even stay here. Knocking her up, as you put it make me feel like the happiest man both alive and dead.”
"Tell me what you want. What your deepest fantasy is."
As always thank you to @allura1993 for her beta work!! <3
He smirks as Brian moves closer, stroking himself.
“You shouldn’t hate your daddy. He’s doing what he thinks is right to keep you safe.” Sherlock pets her hair gently. “You can see me whenever you like, love. I’m always here for you. Always.”
“Soon.” John says softly.
She looks up at him and relaxes her throat.
Sky smiles as Benny gasps and giggles as he feels the babies kicking.
He bares his neck for him, holding onto him and meeting his thrusts.
Mycroft rolls his eyes. "Melinda Dorman."
She mewls and kisses him deeply. ‘Tell me how you want my cock to be. How big. Hot thick. I’ll make it exactly how you want it. I’ll fuck You exactly how you need it.’
Greg peels himself off the floor and gets on the couch next to Mycroft.
She blushes and smiles. She stretches up and kisses him. "You're so handsome."
Sky hugs him and smiles happily.
She smiles softly and kisses his cheek. “Let’s get you to bed.”
He hums and rubs her hips, smirking a bit. "Mm, of course that's why."
“Oh nothing. She’s going to mess up the order on purpose so you have to go back and talk to her about getting it fixed.” Sherlock snorts.
Mycroft is cuddled up to John, sleeping soundly.
He swallows around him, closing his eyes.
He kisses him again.
Zack grabs an apple off the counter, humming softly as he takes a bite.
Mycroft whimpers needy and nods. "Please! I need your tongue.. Please.. I crave it.."
"Good." She smiles.
Sherlock and John kiss for the first time and have anal sex after Greg leaves for the case. Case with bodies that had gender reassignment surgeries. Sherlock gets shot and is taken to the hospital.
Jason nearly trips as Sherlock rubs right into him.
"You did the work, Nurse."
He falls asleep with him.
Chloe's smiles and they go to her flat.
"Michael!" She cries out and comes hard as he bites her.
He smiles and hums happily. "Alright.. I'll get up.."
He takes his hand and kisses it. "I've wanted to take you out for so long. I can hardly believe it's actually happening." He whispers, blushing.
“Like it?” He smirks.
Sherlock gets into the taxi and sits low in his seat before John has made a move for the car. He gets out his phone and starts to text Molly, explaining that John was back living with him, and can he have his blood supply back?
He smiles and hums.
“Inside or outside?” Nina asks.
'Can you be a good girl and let Daddy fuck your face?'
Sherlock turns to John, his face bright red. “Why are they rubbing my stomach?” He asks.
He gasps as he takes Turk deeper. “Fuck, is that why I can stay hard for so long?”
John walks in, noticing her on the couch. He furrows his brow. “Are you alright?”
Jean kisses her head softly. "I love you.."
John shakes his head. “I didn’t have anyone in mind. I just wanted to give them both some privacy. You know I can get anyone pregnant right?” He asks.
“Mm I don’t know about that. Mummy seems like a needy slut that can never get enough cock or cum inside her greedy holes.” He smirks and slaps his cock against her cheeks gently, making sure his leaking smears against her skin. “Even now after being fucked for ages and your cunt filled with four huge loads of cum you’re still rubbing your horny little clit desperately.”
Diōnē smiles, “do you remember when you married... oh what was his name, and you accidentally became his Queen of England?” She chuckles.
He nuzzles her back softly.
He smiles. "Pick out a few."
“It’s okay though. We have to enjoy the time we have with them.” Pythia smiles softly.
"Yes!" She moans and wraps her legs around him, dragging her nails over his back.
"John and Mycroft are here." Greg nuzzles Sherlock.
"It's great. He loves it. Thanks." She smiles.
"Mm such a good boy for me." He praises and kisses him hard as he lays him out on the bed, still fucking him with his fingers.
"Mm?" He hums and nuzzles him.
He cries out and moans at the mixed stimulation.
“Every single conversation I remember having with you has been you threatening me. How do you think that makes me feel?” John frowns.
They giggle and smile happily.
"Of course.." Mycroft calls in a few favors.
"I don't think it's commitment issues." He explains, "this is the longest relationship I've ever had in my entire life.. I just didn't know how to fix things."
"If I wasn't stuck here I'd go after him." Carol sighs.
"Her loss I suppose." Mycroft laughs as Sky comes back. "Everything is cleared." Sky hums, opening the cells.
She blushes and kisses him needy.
The glare makes me hard to find
John kisses him back, trembling a bit. “I know. I know. You completely changed my life.”
He pushes in a third finger.
Crystal hums, cupping the back of Greg’s head. “That’s it, love you.”
"Mm such a loud little slut." He smirks and thrusts up into him.
'I love you.'
“Fine..”
Pour some sugar on me
She moans breathily as she looks down at him.
Sherlock whines. “Talking is for sober people. Sex is for drunk people.”
He smiles against his lips.
"Mm congrats on your marriage. Your husband is a gorgeous silver fox." He smirks.
Sherlock blushes and nods. He doesn't pay attention to them and dances with Mycroft.
"What do you want?" He smirks.
"Mm morning, Sherl.." Mycroft hums and kisses him back.
Clara arches off the desk a bit, moaning breathily. "Oh, Anthea.."
He bites his lip. "But he won't lose me. Never."
He hums a bit and closes his eyes.
John pinches the bridge of his nose before facing his youngest son. "Tim... you've been taking your..."
Sherlock smiles and holds him close as he falls asleep.
“Yes. Yes please!” She whimpers and begs.
John's muscles milk every last drop of come out of Sherlock. When his Alpha finally collapses onto the bed beside John the Omega cuddles up close beside him.
He sniffles. He feels so weak and stupid for being this open about everything. He'd been told growing up that caring was not an advantage. He presses his face into Mycroft's chest, wanting to hide away forever.
"I love you."
She just stays pressed against him, staying quiet.
"What?" John's brow comes together as he tries to figure out why Sherlock's looking at him still.
He kisses him back desperately, moaning.
Sherlock let John go and took off the chain. He opened it and took the two rings off. He held John’s hand and gently slid the ring onto his finger. “Much better… ”
He licks her clean
He gasps and spreads his legs a bit. “Can I suck Greg off while you fuck me, Daddy?”
“If you think I am weak, then don’t be my child. The needs of the many... Crystal, you have always known that. If he is on our side then he won’t be trying to destroy us all. Or have you gone soft and weak yourself, whilst I was dead?” Camille asks, she pins Crystal’s wrists above her head and smirks, knowing she’s stronger than her sired daughter.
He blushes at the praise and starts to ride him. "Just for you.."
She lets him lead the way.
He holds him as they relax on the couch.
Thanks for reading! Leave a comment and tell us what you think!
He gasps, trying to hold off from coming.
He bites his lip and thinks. "I have some business to take care of in the city on Wednesday. I'll come see you." He nuzzles him.
Camille takes the glass, drinking all of it.
"Fine." He blushes a bit embarrassed.
"You love feeling used, don't you?"
He moans like a slut as he’s pounded into, his cock throbbing as he continues to come.
Mycroft kisses his cheek with a smile.
He hums and takes him in deeper, bobbing his head around him.
‘Thank you.’
Sherlock looks up at John. "Then we'll all come."
"I love you. You're so fucking perfect."
He grins and kisses him again.
Taylol chuckles softly, holding Mycroft gently under his thighs. “All the better to hold you with.”
John shivers in pleasure as he hears Sky, slowly stroking his cock again, eyes glued to Clark’s arse. ‘He is. How did his cock feel?’
He nods, upset with the fact that Greg's mother doesn't accept him.
He smirks as he watches her strip, stroking himself over his pants.
'Such a loud slut. You can't even hear yourself. You're so loud I love it.'
“I promise.” Crystal smiles and kisses Greg. She pulls back and runs her hands over his chest. “Warm..”
They strip at her request, drinking from her slowly and savoring it.
"I might have a headache soon, but I want to watch you glare at Teddy for a bit." Tara declares with a wink.
"Huh.. Alright what about this one?" The magician asks and holds up another card, it's not Michael again.
"No, god, I can't wait to have this inside me.. Filling me up.." He licks his lips, his hand rubbing himself through his pants.
She smiles and nuzzles him as they're lead to their table.
He smiles happily and kisses his hand.
He moans and presses against him.
She moans and arches, moving with him slowly.
"Better?" He smirks as he holds his hips fucking him harder and deeper.
Greg moans and presses deep as he comes hard into Mycroft, filling him with a huge load.
He hums softly and flops onto the bed.
“This is Rachel. She walked in on Eli fucking me earlier and decided to join in.” He blushes, grinning a bit.
He blushes and nods, moving closer to look at them all.
“Good. Just remember to take it easy. Even though you may feel better your body is still transforming.” Mycroft smiles.
"Sky's upset because Mycroft's upset. So I'm off to find Myc to figure out what's wrong."
Jean smiles as he opens the door. "Hello, love."
She nuzzles him back.
“Yes yes yes please!” Morna begs, pushing back against John.
Sky laughs softly in her head, sniffing around for John, James, and Greg. She finds them in the game room playing pool.
He cries out as he comes hard.
He kisses down his chest and flicks his tongue over his other nipple.
“We’ll have dinner first. Maybe you’d like to change.” John suggests. “Into some pretty.”
He moans loudly as he comes hard into her.
“I can move my lectures and labs to the mornings and case’s consulting to the afternoons. I take it that’s a yes.” Sherlock hums.
“Of course, anything Crystal.” John hums, as he eats his dinner.
“I’ll see what I can get together.”
“And we’re glad you are so, Sire.” Mycroft smiles. He looks to Crystal and rubs at the warmth in his chest, wondering if she could feel it too.
She presses against him, kissing him back deeply.
He smirks. "I have a feeling she's got some plans.”
Sherlock and Mycroft are still confused.
He pulls his hand away, not wanting sherlock to come yet.
He smiles brightly and kisses him back.
He leaves various marks on his neck and chest. "Moan for me, you whore."
"Mm yeah."
“Mm I’ll just have to pump you twice as full later then.” He smirks.
“Mm who knew she got being such a slut from her Daddy.” Collin smirks. “Oh we knew.” Cecil smirks as he comes in with Violet.
A few minutes later, Greg comes back up. "Well, I think Anderson will live."
She moans and whimpers.
Mrs. Hudson gasps. "Oh, Ant! That's a wonderful idea! Do you have it with you?"
"John! Please!" He moans loudly with each slow thrust. "Faster!"
“Mm? A holiday?”
'Me too..'
John smiles softly. “I don’t want you hurt.” He says softly. “I just want you to have fun.”
John nuzzles him and smiles.
Greg licks his lips, reaching down to stroke himself.
"Y-Your choice, Sir.." He whimpers against Mycroft's lips.
Brian growls and grips his hips, thrusting into him.
"I didn't think you wanted children.."
“Well you’ve met Collin so far.” She smiles softly.
Michael is laying on the bed, sniffling a bit. The swimming binder is discarded and he's wearing the dancing top instead.
He nuzzles him affectionately.
He smiles and kisses him back softly.
Mycroft arches his back and his moans grow louder. "Greg.. Sir.. I.. I'm c-close.. Please!" His thrusts become more desperate.
Sherlock dragged John out and back to 221B.
C'mon fire me up
He whimpers and blushes.
‘How bad did you think I was?’
"I love you, too.."
Sherlock makes a fake gaging sound when Mycroft says Anderson.
"Yes, sir.. Please.. I need it so bad."
He smirks. "Up, we'll catch a cab and go to a club and you'll finally get to come with a cock in your arse."
He fobs the thought off as he makes his toast. “What shall we do today then? I thought maybe another trip outdoors, what do you think?” John says, trying to be brighter.
'Sorry. Didn't mean to wake you..' Sky hums softly in his head.
"Let me make love to you." He says breathily, his voice dropping lower and his hands ghosting over his arse.
Michael smiles and pulls Jean into a kiss once they get into the room, teasing Sky.
John kisses his forehead and yawns.
John manages to get an arm under Sherlock and pulls him close, kissing the side of his face, "we're going to need a shower." He comments.
“If you’d like.” Irene pets her hair gently.
“You’re so lovely.” Eli says softly.
“I love you, too..” She nuzzles him, loving the feeling of him staying deep inside her.
"Yes please. Back to Baker Street." Greg nods.
He smiles happily.
He kisses him. "Mm you're right." He mumbles against his lips as he tastes it.
‘Mmhmm.’ She hums happily. ‘You should talk to her. I think she could help us.’
He cries out and comes hard.
He clenches his jaw and holds him close. "Don't ever leave me.."
“Neriine?” John scoffs. “What does that mean?”
He pushes into him with a groan.
“This one has pockets and leggings.” Rosie sticks her hands in her pockets before lifting the dress to show off the matching leggings.
He smiles. "She's perfect."
“Well I promised you I’d keep an eye on him.” Diōnē smiles.
"Mm how about I put a remote controlled vibrating plug inside your delicious arse. All day while we're out I'll turn it on at random. When we come back you'll be begging for my cock but I won't give it to you. I'll make you watch Greg and I play with Sherlock first.." John growls softly and rubs Mycroft over her trousers.
Eli, Zack, and Turk drink.
"No kisses, scratchy."
She nods and stares out the window.
Sky smiles and lets his head, feeling the pups squirm.
He blushes. “Alright.”
“Mm, you’re up, Calvin.”
She moans loudly and arches.
He slick his fingers and eases one into his arse as he flicks his tongue over his clit.
She hits his prostate and takes the cock ring off him with the used condom. "Come."
He smiles and kisses him.
“John,” Morna starts. “That’s probably why he’s upset.” She says softly.
"I don't like it here." She pouted, "It's too small and I have to sleep with daddy on a lumpy bed. I miss my bed. I miss nana."
He hums and smiles softly.
"Listen to you. Such a cock slut."
“Hey, guys. Care to follow me?”
"Beautiful.." He mumbles against his neck.
"I love you, too."
John smiles. "Found each other, like a scavenger hunt, we did." He murmured, looking around the suite, gaping. "Jeeesus..."
She whimpers. "Take me. Please. I'm yours. Do whatever you want with me. Please please." She begs needy.
She thinks on this for a moment before nodding, "okay."
Sky moans and swallows happily.
Sherlock stretches slightly, waking up. He smiles down at John and gently runs fingers through his hair.
"Mm." He kisses Mycroft's head. Greg holds him with an arm around Mycroft's shoulders. Greg absentmindedly traces squiggles on Mycroft's arm.
"Ready to ride Daddy's cock, handsome?"
He frowns a bit and looks back to John, leaning into him.
Greg gets up and helps Mycroft dress in comfortable relaxed clothes so they won't irritate his healing burns.
‘Hi.’ She giggles.
“Stay, child. You’re always welcome with me. Always.” Camille goes and sits next to him. “Talk to me. Tell me what you’ve learned so far of this new age. I’m afraid I don’t understand any of it.”
"Dunno?" She giggles and nuzzles him.
She blushes brighter and mewls. "No one else knows. Only you, Daddy."
“I..” John bites his lip. “My mother could probably make that possible.”
“Yeah. Yes of course. It just.. It makes a lot of sense. This seems right.” Samuel blushes a bit.
He nuzzles him back and falls asleep.
He arches up and sucks in a gasp. “O-Oh, fuck..”
He tightens his hold again, thrusting deep and hard.
“She’ll be mad. Mad at me. But mad at you mostly.”
He bites his lip and straightens up as the vibrations decrease. "I.. I suppose it's my fault that he's edging me.. I.. I begged him for it.."
He smiles happily and kisses him again.
He snaps his hips, pushing past her cervix. “I’ll give you ten, baby.”
"If you want it harder take it." She smirks and gets on her hand and knees.
Camille nods and think. “Crystal and I discussed it earlier. She wanted to know if you drank from her if it would help. I think it would. It wouldn’t be the same as from Violet but you live Crystal. It’ll help you finally stop starving but it won’t help you lose the weight that you’ve seem to have.”
“Definitely.” Greg chuckles.
He blushes and smiles shyly, moving to climb into his lap and kiss him softly.
He smiles happily. "I'll see you later."
Michael tips his head a bit. "What is it?"
"I know what she did was very frightening and I know it was very unfair of her to make you worry. Obviously going by the stutter you are still in a panicked state even though she's been returned safely and you've seen her with your own eyes. So the real question is what is the source of your stutter coming from now?"
Mycroft curls up in bed.
She sighs and bite her nail. "Alright the thing is I don't know the amount of damage the cochlea in his ears have received. In any case I have been successful at restoring hearing in people who's case is very similar to John's. So what I'm saying is depending on the damage I'm very optimistic that I can give John's ability to hear back to him.." She smiles brightly.
"Honesty is the best policy.." He hums.
Cecil gasps and moans loudly.
“Weapons mastery, power showcase, and an actual trial where they bring up each other’s crimes.” He bites his lip. “Sky has far more than her opposition.”
John smiles as the door closes. "Yeah yeah. Come here you.." He holds his arms open to Sherlock.
He moans loudly, nearly coming at the praise.
Greg smiles as he sees the lights of the carnival. "It's so pretty." He hums.
He slots himself between John's legs and grinds against him.
Greg smiles happily and hums. "Why yes, you may."
“Mm, you’ll see.”
"God, look at you. Such a little whore."
He smiles, taking in Greg’s appearance. “I was thinking about going swimming. Wanna join me?”
He hums happily and kisses him.
Greg doesn't know whether to laugh or frown at that.
Mycroft swallows reflexively. "I'm... flattered." He says, after a moment of contemplation. "I just.... I never thought anyone would... be attracted to me." He clears his throat and looks away, embarrassed. "I admit that I find you quite... dashing. That beard you're sporting makes you look very... handsome."
"Chinese okay? I'm a bit famished."
I'm in love with you
“I do.” Sky blushes and whines.
He whimpers and nods, putting his hands behind his back.
"I'm going to need time to adjust to this as well. Years of fighting off my body's need for an Alpha is going to make this tough. I might snap at you, and push you away once in a while. If I do, I'm sorry..."
"So good, so perfect." Mycroft praises.
Michael blushes and hums.
She strips and gets into the shower with him, letting him see her.
'You lost both of them, didn't you?' She looks at his parents.
Harry rolls her eyes and goes up the stairs. “It stinks like alpha and sex in here.” She mocks a gag and opens a window. “This place is a mess as well. Is that a skull?” She gawks at the skull on the mantle.
“Please, Master! Please!” She begs, wanting whatever he’ll give her so badly. “I’m taking Nina to Sam’s breeding facility tonight so she can pick her very own horse. Come with us. Pick horses. I’ll buy them. All of them. We’ll bring them back here and you can make them fuck me.”
"Mm Lydia." He smirks. "I heard you knocked her up."
She cuddles him and rubs his back soothingly after pulling the covers up around them.
He looks down at her, his cock throbbing.
John smiles and kisses Sherlock's head.
Greg chuckles softly. “Bit of a change.”
Dominic sighs. “I think it would help the kids. Give them just one mum and dad.” He says softly. “But I know how much you love having an open relationship.”
Sky smiles and kisses him.
Sky blushes and whimpers, rocking her hips fucking herself on George’s cock.
John mumbles softly, relaxing as Sherlock licks his wound clean.
"Strip." He pulls back to get the lube from the bed.
Francis smirks and sips his drink as he watches.
“I’m sure it’s very hard on both parties. Any injury you sustain will probably be inflicted on him and vice versa. Magdala is linked with Camille which I’m sure is extremely painful for her since Camille is dead and had no physical form other than ash. Ashes that you are wearing by the way.” Mycroft nods to the necklace around Sherlock’s neck that Magdala gave him.
“Obviously.” He smirks and strips him.
“Ah I see. And is this what you had in mind for me to make it up to you? Knocking you up?” He chuckles and rubs his g spot as well as his clit at the same time.
He bites his lip and nods, watching him leave.
She moans loudly around him, pressing closer to take him deeper.
John blushes softly and smiles.
"Close, aren't you? Making such a mess."
The shift around and all sit to eat.
He blushes and kisses him again. "Mycroft said I could go home soon."
John drives them to the estate. “Huh. The whore house seems really busy tonight.” He hums, seeing a lot of cars and all the lights on as they drive closer.
He blushes. "Remember what I said in the pub?"
He pulls back and smirks.
“How about this?” John rubs his prostate gently.
Michael lays next to him and suckles from her other breast.
Mycroft falls asleep holding him.
“Have you had a good day today, baby?”
"Out with it Sherlock! We don't have all bloody day!" Donovan rubs her temples. "You didn't do that to him did you?" She looks at Sherlock threateningly.
"I'm right here, love."
Sherlock kisses his head softly.
She moans loudly. "Fuck me. Yes yes."
“Alright.” John smiles and follows Sherlock, holding his hand.
He groans and arches a bit.
"All you have to do is relax. I'll take care of the rest." He kisses his thigh and rubs a slick finger against his hole gently.
"Tell me you want this. Tell me you want to raise a child with me. Tell me you want to hold our child like this one day." Mycroft says quietly and holds him close. Danny huffs softly breathing through his nose and closes his eyes relaxedly as he drinks happily.
Greg frowns but doesn't want to fight with him.  Greg closes the door and turns on the shower.
He nods and nuzzles him back. "Mm, okay."
Darius takes a while to change, having to try a few times until he finally gets it.
He shakes his head. "I'm not.. I'm just going to check.." He moves to look through the peep hole, drawing back quickly when he sees Sherrinford.
Sky smiles happily.
George pulls him up to kiss him deeply, moaning as he tastes himself from what Cecil couldn't swallow.
"Thank you, Crofty. Thank you so much."
He kisses her back. "I.. Could they feel that?"
He nods. "I'm going to go join him." He rolls out of bed and goes to the bathroom.
“I really can’t.. She’s quite.. Exquisite.” He smirks, not really interested in women often.
“You don’t have to be scared for me anymore. I’m safe.” Sherlock relaxes into Mycroft.
Camille watches him go before dragging the girl to the basement.
He smiles softly and hums as Eli dresses him.
His eyes widen and he arches. "Myc!!" He forgets about counting.
He nods. 'I.. I trust you. I'm just worried that someone's going to try to pull you back in.'
"I love you, too.. So much.." She mumbles and nuzzles into him, having missed him terribly.
"He usually does." Violet purrs.
Lydia comes down to greet them and hugs Margaret’s leg. “Missed you.” She smiles.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“Maybe she feels like you don’t give her enough credit. She can feel and hear how worried you are about her all the time. Maybe she feels like you don’t trust her.”
“All yours, darling.” Dominic nuzzles her.
Sherlock smiles and waves to him. “Hello, Love.”
“That and I just don’t want everyone to see me as part devil. I am human.” Greg explains. “I’ll always be human.”
“It did.” Sherlock smiles and lays the cabbie when they arrive at the hotel. He texts Irene for the room number and leads John to the elevator.
She hums happily and kisses him back, her baby bump getting in the way her pressing closer.
“No, it’s fine. I’m just not used to it all yet.”
“Mico found Dorro and I. He started yelling at Dorro so Dorro told me to go play in my room and he’d come find me in a bit.” Kia frowns, now it making sense why she’s older than her usual preschool age.
"Mm give me a moment and I'll break out into an interpretive dance about how overjoyed I am." He says sarcastically but smiles trying to convey how truly happy he is with Sherlock's progress.
"Of course, Mikey.." He kisses him softly before getting up. "I'll be back in a bit." He smiles and goes to talk to Sky. Sky is sitting in the library waiting for him.
Greg feels like he's going to be sick as Sherlock moves away from him. He takes a few sips of coffee while Mrs. Holmes natters on about noting in particular.
John relaxes, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s exposed skin as his phone rings.
He smiles happily, closing his eyes.
"Neither do I. I'm never giving you up." She mumbles, cuddling into him.
"Then we'll make it happen, love." Mycroft smiles and kisses his head.
“You gotta get your worst band.” One of the other patients say, scanning their wrist band in front of the scanner. Some of the options unlock while others stay locked. “Depending on your health conditions and thinks like that different things are available to you.”
Eli pulls out of him and George pushes right into him, not giving him a break.
He nods, curling up into him.
“When will I be able to see again?” Greg asks.
He scoops him up and lays him out on the bed
Sherlock hesitates as he sees John, his walls down in his panic. He takes a breath before approaching him. “John?” His voice is softer than normal, his face laced with worry and self-hatred for hurting John.
Benny hums, stroking himself. “Mm. Been a while.”
"Mm.. It seems that you've been a bit naughty already." He smirks, rubbing his arse.
John stands very very still. He hears the words. Every one of them, but he can’t seem to process the meaning of them. “You can’t be serious.”
She whimpers and sucks greedily, using her tongue to tease them.
Sherlock steps into the kitchen and kisses John and Margaret’s cheeks. He sits down beside Margaret. “Is everything okay?” He asks, noticing their hands.
He blushes brightly and smiles.
He kisses him back.
"Bad news is we're not going to be seeing a lot of each other anymore. Good news is your tests are clear." The doctor smiles.
"Mm well you know how much I love everything your mouth does." She smirks and licks her lips.
Sherlock crosses his arms, knowing that Greg was lying.
He nods and holds onto him. "Thank you, John.. I love you."
Dark groans as they thrust faster, Sky’s cunt dripping.
He finds John and kisses him softly. “I need your help. I promised Morna to get every God lining up to fuck her and give her more babies. How do I speak to them all at once?” He asks.
He whimpers and nods. He goes down is body and nuzzles his cock.
“Wanna go nap?”
“There’s a difference between liking someone and ahh... being in a fully romantic relationship with them.” Mycroft says softly. “Plus it’s both of us now, we both have to look out for two people.”
“Mm if only I could find someone to suck on them it wouldn’t hurt so much.” She sighs and sips her drink, not being subtle at all.
He smiles softly.
He smirks and pinches his other nipple. "I don't think you're truly sorry."
"Such a good boy for me." He kisses his neck as he slowly pushes into him.
Mycroft moans loudly and grips his hair. "So good, love.."
She blushes and purrs.
Sherlock grins. "Well then..." He pushes John onto the bed and kneels on the carpet, hands pulling at the buckle of John's belt.
"Still horny, my love?"
He mewls and swallows. He pulls off and kisses his thigh as he catches his breath. "Daddy.." He says softly as he pants.
"What, love?" John purrs, swatting his arse gently.
“I know you haven’t come in a bit since sucking us off. I know how hard you’ve been the whole time. I know how much cum you’ve been saving. You’re going to make such a mess for me, aren’t you?”
"Sit up against the headboard. I'm going to cuff you to it.." He purrs softly and kisses his neck.
Crystal moans softly and relaxes, nibbling and sucking on his throat. ‘Did you feel your stomach?’ She asks, wondering if he noticed it was smaller.
“It’s okay.” She kisses him.
"You're just so distracting." He smiles, rinsing him off.
He gasps and arches. "Harder.."
He smiles softly and nods. "I'd love that,"
"Brilliant. Lets send him down."
“Come to where I was forgotten.” The voice echoes around the corridor that John was walking down.
“I’m sorry, I’m being stupid. John insulted you. Insinuated you were... not very clever because you need Watson blood but sending away his mother.” Sherlock says softly. “I don’t agree with his thinking.” He adds quickly.
John shakes his head, "it's just made differently. Did you want to try it?"
Michael starts to tear up, fearing that it wasn't enough.
Mycroft smirks lazily. **Mm.. You look so good right now.. Be careful though, you don't want to alert the staff.. --MH**
Mycroft smiles softly, rubbing her back soothingly.
"Come!" She arches and comes hard around him.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft. "I want you to change the contract."
It takes him a moment but he gathers up his bedding and heads for the stairs.
Mycroft watches in amazement. "You.... like this?"
"Alright.. Here it is.. I can read people's minds and hear their thoughts. I can also see the past, present, and some of the future." She bites her lip.
He smirks as he strips himself.
Mycroft smiles and kisses her back, moaning and groaning softly. “Only you.” He promises. He wraps her legs over hers and grabs the headboard. “How about if I was in this position, would you- feel more comfortable?” Mycroft asks, forcing back a moan.
Mycroft was silent for a moment. "Get out of there. I'll send a team to clean it up...this is our case now."
“Yeah.” She blushes.
"Yeah well, you can show me just how annoyed you are when this is over," John says around a laugh. "It was actually mum's idea. So... don't go calling me smart and amazing."
“Formation!” Fitz orders and they get into perfectly lined rows.
He blushes and moves to straddle his hips. "You sure?"
"Mm-hmm.." Chloe mumbles as she falls asleep against his chest.
"Want this?" He smirks and pulls out his cock, stroking it teasingly.
He smiles against his lips and kisses him again.
"Oh god, lets see. The chair, a coffee table, two bed frames, and a head board." Greg thinks. "You're forgetting the bathroom door from that hotel we stayed at ages ago." Mycroft leans against the door frame. "Oh you're right I always forget the door." Greg smiles at Mycroft and Mycroft smiles back at Greg.
He whimpers softly, his cock twitching as Greg’s finger gets closer.
He kisses her back softly as he slowly starts to push the bottle into her.
She arches and rocks against his face. Jean fucks him hard and strokes him teasingly.
“Mm.. how are you feeling?”
Sally breathes hard, arm flung over her eyes.
"You can tell me, honey.. Or should I deduce it?" He hums and rubs Sherlock's back.
Sky sighs and sits on the exam table, her belly already rounded from Dark’s pups since they gestate faster.
Mycroft smirks. "You're going to love it. I've no doubt."
“Well done Sherlock, you’re taking this so well.” John says as he slowly settles into a rhythm.
Mycroft groans and kisses him softly. "Such a good boy.." He signs.
“I did. I liked seeing you so excited.” Margaret smiles and nuzzles John. She runs her fingers through his hair as she tightens her leg around his hips.
They pound into her.
"It's alright, Sherlock. I've got you.." Greg hums softly and holds him.
‘Mm, you may be able to keep quiet but your cunt can’t.’ He smirks, speeding up his thrusts and thrusting harder. ‘Mm, I’m already in your womb, aren’t I?’
He blushes and nods.
"The drive should take about an hour or so." Greg eats his last bite of pancake.
I believe P.S.S is “Post Script Script”, either way, it’s a note after a note.
Mycroft hums and pulls him closer.
"Do you know how perfect you are?" She whimpers breathily.
He smiles and they walk around. "I want to."
"Mm. Truth or dare."
He rocks his finger slowly and strokes his cock.
“Ready to get out?” John says as he finishes.
He holds him close, pressing kisses to his skin.
Taking a breath, Mycroft smiles. Greg was so different to -*no, don't compare.* He exhales. "I like feeling you too..." He murmurs softly.
“You should.” John smiles. “A pamper day.”
He kisses him hard and pushes into him.
“Good.” Pythia smiles softly.
He mewls at the praise, relaxing his throat more for him.
“That’s beautiful.”
Sky moans, loving how they fill her.
Molly nods slowly, closing her eyes for just a minute.
"Well it's not like you've had a lot of time to think about it. With Sherlock having brain surgery and you getting your hearing back. Congrats on that as well." She smiles happily.
He smiles softly, listening to him.
"Let it go. It's alright." He kisses his head.
They groan and come hard into him, shooting their loads into him all at once.
I will surrender tonight
Instead of saying anything however, he gets to his feet and throws their trash in the nearby rubbish bin. They're saved from anymore conversation by Rosie returning. She takes John's hand, tugs him from the shop and once Sherlock's caught up, catches his in her other. There's a mischievous glint in her eyes as she hauls both men along, her body connecting them.
He shrugs a bit. “Worth a try, right?”
“I love you, too, darling.”
Diōnē rubs his hand gently.
"I don't know.. They were with my.. Oh.. Oh! That bastard!"
Michael blushes. "I have."
"Thank you." She hums and sits up.
“Can I drive?” She grins.
Greg sits beside Crystal and rests his head on his shoulder. “So I’m not a complete failure?” He asks.
He nuzzles against him, smiling shyly.
“George, Cecil, push in with me and fill her cunt. Don’t waste your cum in her arse.” Mycroft groans, barely holding off his orgasm.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I'll have to fix that when we get home..." He muses. "Help me with this?" He turned in John's arms, pressing his ass against John's abdomen, wincing a little.
"Morning, Mikey."
She mewls softly as she feels him leaking against her. She her arms and letting him slide her bra off, her tits still full and lush as ever.
"Mm, need something?" George smirks.
"It feels pretty fucking fantastic I'll tell you that." Collin gasps and moans as he rides him faster.
He moans softly and pulls him in got a kiss.
He blushes and nuzzles him. 'I don't.. I haven't.. In a long time.. I don't..'
Anthea holds her hips and rolls her tongue over her clit.
"I love you, too."
She hums softly and washes her hair. "Mm I can literally feel you staring at my belly." She mumbles, eyes closed as she washes her hair.
He gasps and mewls. "Daddy.." He whines softly, not knowing which one is doing what.
Mycroft rolls his eyes. "Good night, Sherlock."
He hums. "No one new for you?"
Sherlock groans and holds onto John. “Mm You’re he most fun, darling.” He slowly starts to rock into John.
He curls up closer to him.
Jared snuggles back against John’s chest.
He leans in to kiss him. "Brilliant idea."
She rubs her thumb over his knuckles. 'It's okay. The more things he thinks of the more I can rule out of him actually doing. He won't do something if he knows I already know he's thought of it.'
Sherlock whimpers and arches, rocking into her hand. "Since you found out about me and Mycroft.." He blushes brightly.
“I’m still surprised you let these two.”
Sherlock takes the organs to the table and starts dissecting them.
He latches onto one of her nipples and sucks. He reaches into the bedside drawer blindly and pulls out a little vibrator. He turns it on and rubs it against her clit as she rides him.
She bites and sucks on his neck, marking him.
He blushes and smiles. "Can't help it."
“Oh John!” Sherlock moans.
“Have fun?” Violet purrs.
"Mm you've already been used a few times today, haven't you?" He smirks.
He smiles softly, looking up at him. "Hi.."
Sherlock hums and grinds against him. "Do it. Give him what he wants."
“I...” Sherlock started, ready to breeze through a lie before catching sight of John’s arse in the air as he cleaned the floor. He coughed and licked his lips as he chided himself in his thoughts. “I’ve got them for experiments. When I need blood for an experiment I keep it in here.” He quickly lied.
John followed the Detective, slipping on the gloves, shooting a look at Anderson as he grumbled about having to take photos all over again. Seeing the body, he stopped. He came forward slowly and let out a breath. "Shit."
He takes a deep breath. “Thank you. For everything you do for us.” He says quietly. Almost a whisper.
Mycroft grips John's arse as he stretches himself, slapping his arse. "Mm.. I love your arse.."
She hums and deepens the kiss.
“I can’t even… I can’t think straight. I married her, Sherlock. I fucking married her!”
“Used like a common whore.” Cecil growls.
He laughs and smiles. "Yeah. They are."
John looked sad. "I don't want you referring to yourself like that, okay?"
He moans as he watches his cock sink into her arse. “Holy fuck.”
Greg bobs his head faster taking John down further.
"Of course, Baby." He smiles softly.
“You’re going to make me come. I’m gonna come.” She gasps, cunt throbbing around him.
"If it's small, why does he need Sky?" Sherlock frowns. "Why is he going as well?"
John pulls out as well, groaning a bit.
Greg smiles and kisses him. "I love you."
"You feel so good."
"Mm fuck.." He chuckles softly catching his breath and nuzzles him.
Benny groans and holds Michael's hair as Jean fucks him harder.
"What does the government want with me?" He snaps and opens his door wider. Anthea sees Lydia's destroyed things behind him and she grinds his teeth hard.
Are nothing without you
"Come on. Out with it. We can't help if we don't know." He says calmly.
She whines softly as he slips out, having loved his knot. She turns around and licks his cock, cleaning it for him.
"You just need to be mindful cause Jake can get insecure easily." She says softly. "He finally has you and he can't bare the thought of losing you."
Once they're through the door, they fall into step once more, heading in the direction of the museum. They've taken a dozen steps when John's hand bumps against Sherlock's. A few more steps and then he's taking hold of it as if it's the most natural thing to do.
George pulls back slightly, letting her breathe. "Such a good slut, not even caring if you can breathe or not. Christ, who knew my granddaughter was such a fucking worthless whore."
She smiles softly feeling a bit better. Their food soon comes.
He holds him closely trying to reassure him he's right there and he's never letting him go.
“Oh fuck, Lock.” Mycroft groan and snaps his hips.
He grins and peppers him with kisses.
John smiles up from the pool, about to answer as James pulls him underwater.
John groans, doing the same.
He smiles and closes his eyes. "I love you."
"Then I'm going to be monitoring your use for it."
"Erm, yeah, be right down."
Greg whimpers and feels Mycroft's come filling him.
Camille nods and gets out of the car. “Stay here Sherlock.” She orders before looking at John. “Lead the way.” She smiles.
“Please. Give it to me. I need it. Want to be so full. Need it so bad. Please.” She begs, drooling into the bar.
“My gorgeous fiancé. I’ll take care of you.” Greg gently rubs slick fingers over Mycroft’s hole.
He moans and unzips his trousers, freeing his cock. "Mm.. God, the things you do to me.." He groans as he presses into her.
He leans up to kiss him.
“Was it good?” She smirks.
"We should talk to them."
**Around 7. Are you coming? --MH**
He sighs. "I'm sorry for storming off.."
He blushes as he waits, keeping his wrists above his head like Greg had.
“Gorgeous. Mouth watering. Turn for me.” He smirks.
He smiles happily. "Mm, how long have you been down here?"
Sherlock frowns a bit at that.
Sherlock is flipping through papers.
Sherlock kisses him back, pressing closer. “I love you, too..”
She gasps as she sinks all the way down onto his cock, just sitting on it letting the head press against her cervix.
“Mm..” he hums softly.
"I'm okay. It's just.. Different.." She sighs.
“Yes, sir.”
“He was nice to you and you let him fuck you?” Collin teases. Samuel smirks and rubs her g spot.
He whimpers and presses against him.
Michael growls. 'You're a sick bastard. This isn't real. She's in bed with me.'
“Thank you.” He smiles and gets off Marcus. “How about a picnic?” He blushes, having already set it up on the hill before he got her.
“You telling me you don’t mate with your pack?” Dark grins, meeting Darius’ roughness.
"I'll go get Lydia and Anthea up. George you go find your daughters and Collin. We'll go get out costumes and masks." She smiles.
He presses his face in John's chest. "I.. I.."
Mycroft stepped out of the car and dragged Greg into the house.
"Mm you liked bottoming from the top." He chuckles softly and kisses his jaw.
“An order of chips, French onion soup, and macaroons.” Sherlock chuckles.
John sits back in his chair, humming softly as he drinks his tea. He should have gotten biscuits... oh, well. He looks over the rim of his cup at Sherlock. "What *is* engaging that big brain of yours?"
Leona nods. “That’s sounds good.” She smiles. “Anyway, Marigold looks fine. No awkward walk or limp.”
"Mm you're getting wet just thinking about it, aren't you?" He purrs. "It's all I can think about. I always want my head between your gorgeous thighs. I love to suck you off. It feels so good. You taste so good."
"You should come out of this okay."
"Mm good. It's what I'm here for." John kisses his head.
"Wherever you want to go. For however long."
Mycroft gasps and whimpers, rocking back and forth between them. "Oh god, yes.."
"Well, in that case, I'd love to go to the orchestra."
He moans breathily and arches, pushing back against him.
“Is this just going to become a breeding house for you and the coven to use?” John chuckles.
He grunts and snaps his hips, pushing in deep as he comes hard into her.
“Thank you.” Clark chuckles softly.
"Wait a mo." Smythe said. "Me daughter's 'ere, I'll ask 'er if she knows summat." There was rustling and a young woman's voice in the background. John waited.
E-each restless heart beats so imperfectly." He pulls him closer into his arms and sways them slowly dancing. "B-but then you come, and I am filled with wonder
‘What do you want to play?’ She smiles at the cub.
‘Yes.’
He blushes and smiles, turning back to Jean.
about John. He would then confront John, and John would compel him to fuck right off.
He smiles and nods. "It really is.."
She spreads her legs wider, close to coming already.
He blushes and nods, relaxing against him.
He smirks. "Need me to get you off?"
He whimpers and rocks his hips. "Hard. Please."
"He's hung like a horse. Well he is a big guy so of course he has a big cock." She hums, relaxing against him.
Lydia hums and pulls Sherlock in the opposite direction of John. “Is he over here? John! Where are you?” She shouts.
He chuckles and massages her breasts, kissing them gently.
She giggles and smiles genuinely.
"I.." Turk blushes brightly. "He fucked me last night. You didn't even wake up." Sky hums.
The man eagerly jerks off onto her face, grunting as he does. He smirks as he looks down at her before starting to piss on her face and tits.
Collin and Mycroft push into him.
Sherlock gasps, fingers digging into John’s back as he’s pounded.
Sherlock whimpers. “Want it harder, Daddy. Want you to pound your babies into me.”
“We figured we’d invite her back for some more fun. What do you think, sir?”
Sherlock moans loudly as he gets closer, his cock leaking down Jason’s throat.
He groans as his knot swells inside her.
“Mm I’d love to.” He smirks and licks his lip. “Let me go get a fresh can.”
“There’s nothing you could have done. Your sister is as stubborn and hard headed as they come.” Magdala hums softly.
“Alright. Good.” He nods, feeling a bit better.
He blushes and smiles. "Hello, Sir.."
Greg gets up to follow after him. "My, wait!"
Cecil kisses him back deeply, holding him close as he keeps the slow pace.
John moans. "My whole fist inside you?" He ruts against him.
Greg kisses his neck and shoulders.
"Yes, sir."
She nuzzles him and smiles happily.
He leans in and kisses him, pouring all his love and affection into it.
“Of course. Is there anything else you’d like to talk about?”
“Besides you know I sleep better with a cock in me.” She purrs.
She moans and arches, her eyes widening. "Christ.. you can tell?"
He shuffles a bit. “G-Good.”
“We’re falling behind.” He mumbles as he kisses his neck, the other far ahead of them.
‘It does. It really does.’ She whimpers, knowing she makes more milk when she’s turned on.
Greg smiles. “Are you ready to go?” He asks.
Lucile nods, gently rubbing Leona’s belly.
“We’ll see you soon.” She nods.
She gasps and rubs her cunt while Sky leaves.
"I don't know. You pick."
“We’re going to focus on the major muscle groups first and then see what they tell us.” Turk nods and rubs Mel’s shoulders. “Feel here.” He guides John’s hands to a knot.
"Sherlock, have they learned how to hold their breath until they get their own way? That was your favourite trick with mummy."
He blushes and nods. “In the drawer.”
He smiles. "Are we ready to go?"
Benny is already in the shower waiting for them.
"I love you, too.." He mumbles softly after reading his lips.
"Morning, baby." Collin smiles. Carol hums and smiles happily, pouring herself some juice to take her vitamins.
Greg smirks and drinks looking back at Mycroft. "Well I take back what I said about the body shots." Anthea laughs and Sky giggles. "John have you got one?" Lydia asks as Greg secretly turns on the vibrating plug in John on he lowest level.
“Hello, love.” Eli smiles and kisses Sherlock. “Mm you taste like milk.” He chuckles softly.
Mycroft smiles. "Good. I'm glad she's okay with it."
Sherlock smiles as he watches him. "How are you feeling?"
She kissing up his thighs and drags her tongue along the underside of his cock slowly.
"Yes." He growls and kisses him deeply.
Sky gets up and goes to work out before coming back to shower. Turk mumbles softly, cuddling closer to Michael.
He moans breathily at the praise.
She moans loudly and arches.
“An incident just happened in the casino that I should’ve been able to prevent.”
They hold him and kiss all of him, murmuring praise and worship into his skin.
He moans softly and blushes from the praise. "Please.."
"I fucking hate him.." Michael mutters.
Lydia blushes embarrassed. "Oh yeah I'm fine. Better now then before that's for sure." She hesitantly holds out her hand for a hand shake. "I'm Lydia."
“Gonna burst into flames as we step inside?” He teases a bit.
'There back..'
"Good."
Sherlock blushes and smiles. "Mycroft is taking me out."
**They won't let me have anything. --SH**
“Greg bonded him. He's made his bed.” John chuckles.
"It can't be your fault, Sky."
“Mm. I left it as a surprise for her. Let’s show her what’s inside, yeah?”
"A bit sore, but I'll be alright." He sits in his chair and puts his feet up on John's legs.
**Sky took me. --SH**
She smiles and nods, kissing his chest.
He nods and picks her up, carrying her to the shower.
He smiles slightly and takes another drag. "Yes, I suppose that's true. I do tend to bring out the worst in people."
Sherlock grins. "Bedroom?" He asked, holding up John's other bag.
She cries out and comes hard, squirting as he sucks her clit.
John hums. “Okay. I trust you Mycroft. But she’s still my mum, if you hurt her, even by accident...” he lets the threat hang in the air.
Sherlock smiles and leans over to kiss him.
John smiles. "Sky. How's everything going?"
Eli nods and kisses Josh’s neck as he pushes into him.
Greg pins John's wrists behind his back presses his hips against his trapping him back against the counter. He kisses him hard fighting for dominance.
"Michael." She blushes brighter.
He smiles and turns to kiss Mycroft. "I love you, Mikey."
"Oh god. Please, My!" Greg sobs and wraps his legs around him.
Mycroft makes sure all the flower arrangements are perfect and that the balloons are floating high and perfect.
Ben doesn't even notice the nod, he just continues on with another story about his sister. When he's finished and delivered the punchline, he leans forward and says, "wanna get out of here?"
John nods and follows Sherlock into the office. “Oh the Watson/Holmes’. Welcome. I’ve kept the meeting under wraps per your request.” Mr. Brooks smiles and nods to Sherlock. John didn’t know that Sherlock hard made sure that the news of their ‘marriage’ was kept secret so that when the case was over the media wouldn’t take as there were getting a divorce.
'And you're sure this will work? That it will be safe for those around you?'
Sherlock chuckles softly and nods. “I suppose if you take responsibility for him.” He goes to get the teddy.
Molly smiles and thanks the nurses, saying her final goodbyes.
“That we need some time to look after your babies. After all I happy mummy is a healthy baby.”
He groans and holds his hips, pushing up into him.
Helping Sherlock up the stairs when they got home, John set the box down on the desk and set about making tea.
She blushes and shifts into a husky, getting it after a few tries.
He blushes brighter, gasping softly as he sees the cock cage. "I.. Christ, what else do you have hidden here?"
"Good." She blushes and kisses him.
He holds him close, relaxing as he feels Mycroft relax.
“You’re so sweet, big girl.” She mumbles against her lips and massages her tits.
“Hey, Matty. It’s okay. We’ve got you. Just relax.” Sky smiles softly and cleans him gently.
He blushes and nods. "Y-Yes, sir." His voice is a bit louder because he can't hear.
John laughs. “I’ve done it enough times.”
Jean moans loudly as he comes hard into Michael, thrusting harder into him.
"It'll be okay.. I promise.." He rubs her hand.
Sherlock’s moan is cut off as Mycroft chokes him, his vision getting blurry.
He cries out and arches, gripping the sheets tightly.
“I’ll have some plasma.” Crystal agrees. “Let me cook for you?” She asks, standing close to him.
“They’re going to be cleaning and doing repairs for hours still. Mrs. Hudson won’t be able to sleep with that racket.” Sherlock says, already pulling out his phone and placing a hotel reservation.
Sherlock nods. “That’s okay. I hope Camille understands though. No one's ever turned down her offer before.” He says softly.
He whimpers, his body and mind exhausted.
He blushes and curls up against him.
"I've got you. Just a bit more. Then you'll have both of us. You're doing so good." Collin praises and kisses him.
He groans and arches as she sinks onto him.
“A bit sore but otherwise fine.”
Leona smirks and leans in kissing him deeply. “Gorgeous enough for you to fill me with your cum?” She mumbles against his lips.
John smirks but doesn't move a muscle.
"*Oui.*" Mycroft says, softly, almost a whisper.
Sherlock nods and pats his pocket.
He kisses him back softly.
Zack smiles. "Mr. and Mrs. Brix, I would like your permission to marry your daughter."
He smiles happily. "As do I."
He sits at the table as John sets their tea down.
Greg's frown deepens and he hides his face in John's chest.
He kisses her deeply and pushes into her.
He smiles and arranges the vaccines on a table.
She smiles and gets rinsed off.
Carol blushes and moans softly, swallowing around his cock. She pulls off for a second and takes the cock ring Violet hands, putting it on George before continuing to suck his cock.
Sherlock brings John's hand up to lick it clean, staring at him as he does.
“If you want your cock in my mouth you can tell me.” He chuckles softly, feeling Pete’s cock twitch against his neck.
Anthea whimpers and nods, having been wet since the moment he stepped into her office. “Yes. Please. Show them. Show them who owns me. Show them I’m yours. Yours to fuck wherever and whenever you want.”
Violet smiles as she sees the woman at the desk. “Hi, Sharon. How have you been?”
“Tired?” She nuzzles him.
Kia mewls softly, feeling totally secure and safe in Myropis’ arms. “You’re so good to me, Myropis. How can I make it up to you?”
"Your dad is mad as hell right now so he's going to cool off. Then he's going to have a serious talk with her and they're going to work their shit together. He loves her. He loves her more than he could ever be mad at her."
He smiles softly.
He moans against her. "Bring the others too, yeah?"
"I.. I don't know.. Maybe Sherlock? Since he's been through something like this."
"I'm glad to be here." He smiles.
“Give it to her, Mycroft.” Duke smirks as Anthea’s thighs tremble hard.
“Still want me to fuck You?” He kisses his thighs.
"Mm, full." She hums, nuzzling her back.
"Mm who would that be prey tell?"
She mewls softly and opens her mouth for him.
"Mm lucky for you I have a cunt for all you need. And it's soaking wet." Carol smirks, grinding against him and feeling how hard he already is in his trousers.
Greg fucks himself with his fingers avoiding his prostate entirely. John moans and he holds Mycroft's head.
"Yeah? You want is to take you upstairs and fuck you?" Jean smirks and nibbles on his neck.
"Yes oh Christ. Please please." John babbles.
“Oh Crys, I’m sorry.” Mycroft squeezes her softly. “What’s her name? Your granddaughter’s?” He asks.
Thank you for being firm with Rosie. Being called Mean Papa hurts, I know... but we do it for their own good, yeah? One day it's drawing on skulls, the next it might be sticking a fork in the outlets. (Which reminds me, we need to make sure they're all covered so she can't stick her little fingers in them. I'd like to think she'd know better, but honestly, how can she. She doesn't know they're dangerous.
"Okay, good. We're going to go look around more."
Sherlock smokes and arches into her touch.
She gags a bit, swallowing around him.
“Magdala has already promised the baby to me so I hope that’s alright.” Diōnē smiles.
Turk chuckles softly. “Yeah! I can hear what they think about.” Nina smiles.
"Sign here please." He hands him a clip board and pen.
He blushes, still a bit nervous about his body.
"Everything.. I want everything you're willing to give.."
She mewls and arches.
He moans loudly as he presses down further.
She blushes brightly and swallows, opening her mouth to show him there's nothing left.
“The pacts never worked because you lot couldn’t keep your rogue newly turned vampires in line. That had nothing to do with us. Your young would pick off the children and the elderly because they were easy. Cowards. They wanted easy meals and you couldn’t stop them. We had to protect ourselves from you because you couldn’t protect us like you promised! It was never our fault but yours!” He shouts and stands. “Sod this. I wasn’t even there. You were. You failed and now I’m paying for it? After everything I’ve done? To keep Sherlock safe and to save him? No. You owe me. You know I’d never do anything to hurt him. It’s not about him. It’s about you. You’re scared because of what you’ve done. Because I know what you did. It’s not about Sherlock’s safety. It’s about your guilt.” He growls. “You take the milk home and explain to Sherlock your fuck ups. I’m going to have a pint. If that broach isn’t back in my possession by the end of the night there will be hell to pay.” He turns and leaves, slamming Mycroft’s office door. He stomps right out of the building and down the street, catching a cab to the pub.
He blushes and leans against him.
Mycroft chuckles. "Indeed."
He groans as he pulls out of her. "Sit on my face."
He rubs his back and closes his eyes.
“Better than yesterday.” Mycroft smiles softly.
Greg follows him eagerly.
She moans and arches, riding him harder as she listens to him.
John shrugs. "Okay."
"To be fair, I didn't either. I just stormed off without asking you to explain." John sighs and sits back until he can see Sherlock's face. He smiles a little then nods once. With a sigh, he cups Sherlock's face in both of his hands.
"Mm yeah you're right. Let me find my purse quick." She hums and goes to look for her purse. "So have you thought about what you want for a bachelor party?" Bart smiles after Chloe leaves the kitchen.
He whimpers. "I..I want Sky to sit on my face and piss on me.."
"Put it on." Collin smiles.
‘But she’s like us. She must know how scary it is outside. She let us in.’
They smile and drink.
She blushes and whimpers.
"Good boy. Just feel, love. That's all you've got to do. Let me make you feel good."
She kisses his little hands and smiles.
The nurse screws the syringe into his IV line and starts to depress the plunger.
He blushes and whimpers. "Harder, Daddy."
Just as Greg imagined John coming he stops and opens his eyes, breaking the link between him and John.
“What kinda cars does he have?”
‘Yeah. I’m full.’ She hops off the bed and explores the large room. ‘There was a man earlier. He was tall and nice. He gave me pets. His hands were warm. I fell asleep and he put me on the bed. He’s nice too.’
Sherlock's mouth waters as he looks at his cock. "Mm, think you can come help me with this, Mikey?"
“That’s okay. Most people don’t. That’s how you’ll be... you’ll get pregnant anyway. Is there anything you want me to wear or do to you before I enter you?” John asks, he sighs heavily, knowing that his breath will calm Sherlock down, and be more open to talking about the subject.
They reach the floor and once Mrs. Hudson is off the elevator, the rest of them follow.
"Mm, do you want my cock?"
He mumbles softly as he passes out.
He sniffles and nods. "Thank you." He whispers.
“Maybe you should still check?” She opens her legs a bit more, nice and wet for him.
He blushes and smiles. "Mm.."
John nods stiffly, keeping his gun trained on Ryan.
Pythia takes the twins to the room. She sits down on the floor and lets the children play.
“Good.” Margaret smiles and nods.
Greg comes in with coffee and tea. He hands Collin a coffee and smiles at Sherlock. "Hello, honey." He smiles happily and kisses his head.
"Mm I told you John that I was going to eat you up. I'm going to taste and bite and lick every inch of you." He purrs and kisses the corner of his mouth.
“You know I think that walk might have taken it out of me today. I might lie down. Just don’t... destroy the place,” he says, as the fatigue and depression finally takes over his mind.
"When is Greg coming back?"
George smirks. “Such a good girl. A perfect little slut.”
Collin smiles softly and looks over at Greg.
He groans. "Good. Want you to fuck me later while John fucks you." He groans against him.
He smirks and kisses his hand. "Good."
Sherlock hums. “You’re worried Magdala, I can feel it.” He says softly. “What are you worried about?”
“Cool.” She smiles and nods “I’m Nina.”
“Debatable.” Sherlock says as Angelo comes back to take their drink order.
Lydia hums softly and relaxes against Carol.
"J-Jake and Jean should take turns fucking him. He can suck Benny off as they fuck him."
Cecil hums softly, holding Mycroft on his lap.
He smiles softly and relaxes.
Greg rains down another smack. "You are not allowed to come until I give you permission." Greg reminds him.
“How have you been?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock talks back to the show about how they’re all idiots and wrong while he gently massages John’s scalp. “Honestly I don’t know how any crime ever gets solved unless the perpetrator is standing there red-handed on film with eyewitnesses and holding their confession.”
"You know where I'm at." He groans loudly and grips her hips.
John gets up to get a flannel to wipe them off.
“Have you ever dated anyone?”
He whimpers and nods. “Please, sir!”
Sherlock blushes brighter. “So I get to be a real whore, sir?”
He gasps and arches up against him.
"If you want to." Collin smiles.
He growls at the name, smirking. "Good girl."
“Mm. It’s up to you, my love.” He rubs her belly softly.
"I'm surprised you haven't already...then again, I'm sure he's not worried about my being taken advantage of." Sherlock replied, now fully dressed.
Sherlock frowns and leans in to kiss him.
Sherlock smiles, “can we go back to our bed, Will it be big enough for the three of us, and all our children?” He asks.
She hums happily and smiles.
Mycroft moves down to lick at the mess he made on Greg's leg, blushing brightly. "No, he just.. He pisses me off sometimes.."
‘I know.’ Sky whines.
Greg cries out, whimpering but holding himself from coming. "Can I come? Please!"
He leans in to kiss her.
He blushes and bites his lip.
He rolls his eyes and smiles fondly. "Git."
"Yes Mrs. H?"
Michael smiles shyly.
“Sometimes I hate that you’re a brilliant omega with nerves of steel.” Sherlock groans, rubbing his hand over his face.
He gasps and moans loudly. "Yes!"
He moans louder. "Please.."
"Shut up." She giggles.
He chuckles and dodges her, just grabbing her arm and swinging her back to land a blow on her.
She starts to ride him faster, her tits bouncing in his face. Collin rubs his prostate as he adds a third finger.
He nips at her lips, bringing a hand up to brush his thumb against her nipple.
“Okay.” Sherlock nods, his hand resting on John’s chest. “Okay. Good..” He relaxes a bit.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and held him close, kissing him back. He finally felt like he could relax.
"So tight." He groans.
Michael grins a bit and blows a raspberry onto her chest.
She moans and arches. “Christ, have you gotten bigger since the last time you fucked me?”
“Cheeky.” Greg smirks and grips johns hips, fucking him harder also making him fuck Sky harder.
“I want to. I made a vow. I promised. I.. I’m the reason her mother is gone. I owe her.” Sherlock takes a long sip, ignoring the burn.
Sky whimpers and nods.
She smiles softly and finally relaxes for the first time all morning.
He moans loudly, arching.
Sherlock groans a bit as he stretches. Lydia comes in carrying trays of food. "Oh good everyone's up. How about breakfast?" She asks still speaking softly and quietly.
Sherlock blushes and bites his lip. “Will you come up with Collin and me?”
Sherlock’s cock bobs beneath him with each thrust, so close to coming.
Zack turns up the vibrator, pounding into her.
“I beg to differ. It is special. Not some trick. Your deductions are your craft. You’ve honed those skills for more than a hundred years. It’s not like you to play such things off so lightly.” He shakes his head. “I’m not going to tell anyone. Firstly they wouldn’t believe me and second of all the tabloid already come up with enough lies for the both of us. No need to bait the water. The story about us eloping in Wales just stopped running so a low profile is just fine with me.”
She moans and arches.
He chews on his lip. “I.. what about your trip?”
He moans and kisses him back desperately. "Fuck.. Such a good boy.."
Mycroft groans, dropping his forehead to lean against Greg's shoulder. "Fuck..." He pants. "Gregory! OOohhh..."
Greg holds Sherlock as he whimpers in his arms.
He plays with her breasts before leaning in to nip at suck at her nipples.
He blushes brighter and nods, holding onto him.
“Mmhmm. As much and as many times as you want.” She purrs and takes off her vest dropping it to the floor, her clothes soon following it.
Margaret hums and relaxes.
He blushes and smiles shyly.
Sherlock leans forward to lick his fingers clean.
Crystal giggles and relaxes. “Take off my bra?”
"After we have you all nice and tied up, we'll cover you in cum. Make you look like a proper slut before we fuck you."
“Yes. I’ve had more than one at a time of each. Not in a long long time though.” Sherlock hums.
“Mm yes, Sir.” Crystal smiles, crossing her legs as she sits on the counter.
He frowns and moves to sit on the bed. "I want to. You don't have to talk, I just need to say some things, alright?"
“Maybe,” John smiles, suggestively. “Maybe I am. Is it working?”
He blushes and smiles shyly.
“Hi.” He blushes.
"You were. It was very nice. He appreciates it a lot." She smiles.
Sherlock moans and fucks Morna’s throat.
Sky hums happily and kisses him back.
"What's the matter, Sherlock?" Greg frowns a bit.
John smiles and leaves for work. "And then there were two." Sky hums.
"God yes please." Mycroft nods and bites his lip already half hard just thinking about it. Collin puts his mug on the counter and turns to look at them.
He nods and heads off down the hall.
Sherlock whimpers, close to coming.
*Alright. Let me know.-SH*
"Mm I think it's time for bed."
He blushes and whimpers softly.
John smirks and follows Sherlock out.
"Mm, I love you.." Greg smiles softly.
Bart tosses the rugby ball in the air as his Nick and Rob are on the other side of the yard talking game plans. Bart smiles and tosses the ball to Zack.
"Good boy. Such a good boy."
Mycroft nods. “Let’s go find someone.”
He kisses him and smiles.
“Mm. Yeah?” He smiles, taking a drink.
“They were all worthy causes. I promise.” She giggles.
“That’s a good boy.” He smirks and takes his fingers out of his cunt, pushing his cock deep inside him. He had Sky make his cock thicker since he knows how much Sherlock likes to be stretched and filled.
‘Mm I’m more than fine. Relax. Have fun.’ She moans, so happy and used.
John smiles and massage’s her thick arsecheeks. He picks her up and carries her to his bedroom.
He cries out as he comes hard suddenly.
“Can I make love to you?” He asks quietly.
"Everyone's. I've heard you have a new cock. I was hoping you'd fill me up."
"Love you.. Amazing.. Christ.."
Sherlock gasps a bit, humming at the movement. “Mm.. like it when you go slow like this..”
She nods and then frowns a bit. "I thought John and Greg would be here by now. Didn't you call them?" She asks and bites her lip.
Sherlock helps him.
[Fuck. Are you just trying to set me off?]
He gasps as he feels the head of his cock, his own twitching with anticipation.
He curls up around her carefully.
John leans in and kisses him deeply.
"Brilliant thank you."
"Christ.."
Sherlock blushes as he sees Violet standing naked behind them.
He smiles and goes to get him some carrots.
“Mm I like everything you do so far.” They smile and nip at his lip.
“Weeping Willow.” Mycroft replies and Sherlock unlocks the door.
He smiles shyly as he relaxes against him.
Sherlock frowns and grips Mycroft's hand as he watches John.
"Of course." He goes to see if they were awake.
She giggles. “That’s always an option.”
She giggles as she steers.
Mel nods. "Y-Yes."
"Stop. You're making me leak." Lydia mewls. "Shush." Bryan kisses her and pushes his fingers into her, pushing John's cum back inside her. Lydia moans loudly, hips rocking. "Mm you did a brilliant job, John. Look how full you made her." Bryan smirks and pushes Lydia's legs open, her cunt absolutely full and nearly spilling over.
Mycroft bit his lip. "Surely you're feeling... Uncomfortable?" He give a pointed look. "I'd... Like to."
"Thank you.." She blushes a bit embarrassed.
He lets out a little whimper, thrusting harder.
John moans and arches, trembling. "Good boy. Look what you're doing to him." James smirks.
“Great, let’s get on it.”
He smiles. "I'm so happy for you."
“*Merci beaucoup.*” Greg smiles softly.
He kisses him deeply, turning up the machine.
"Yes." She moans and pulls him closer, kissing him deeply.
“I’m fine. They’re good. Resting.” Mycroft nods.
John raises his eyebrows as he wanders in. "Bloody hell, you went all out." He murmured.
Irene stands and offers Sabine her arm.
Maximus huffs happily and nuzzles him.
“I’ve missed you, too, Daddy..”
“Yes.” She sighs and relaxes, taking his cock.
He blushes and smiles against him.
He groans and pushes all the way down his throat.
Sherlock kissed him.
John nods and relaxes, ordering a drink. “Hey.” He nods at one of the blokes down the bar.
Clark smiles and kisses John back.
“I’m so glad you took me back.” Magdala hold him close and tips her head back.
He blushes and arches. "Thank you, mistress.."
He smiles as he kisses him back. "Lets go look out front."
"Yes whatever you want, baby.. Yes.." He licks the last drops of his come off Sherlock's face.
Magdala beams and nods. “I’d love to.”
Sherlock inhales sharply. "John..."
Mycroft blushes and smiles happily, kissing him back as they get ready.
“So what do you need from us?”
"So the bastard took dad and tried to remove his bond. Why? Because he was worried you wouldn't survive if they actually killed dad? Then when that didn't work he tried forcing his bond on you, hoping his would be stronger. Were you the only Omega there under his control? We know he has a son, but he's too old to be..." He pauses, unable to bring himself to finish that statement. Had his mother been forced to carry that bastard's children? He wasn't sure he wanted to know. But certainly, Loanne would pick up on what was left unsaid and would ask in private at another time.
“Good boy.” She moans.
He blushes and fixes himself before going back to making lunch.
“Veronica? Hello?” He frowns.
He groans and holds onto her hips. "Mm, you should know by how how naughty Daddy is.."
Eli moans into the kiss as he comes hard into her, flooding her already full womb with his cum.
“It could be. And it doesn’t have to be for nine months. If we’re controlling the growth it could be as long or as short as we desired.” Camille hums as she looks at Mycroft, smiling softly. “You haven’t had a drink in hours and you’re fine.” She says softly, wondering if he realized.
He takes him all the way in, so deep down his throat that his nose is pressed to Mycroft's skin.
He helps her off the table.
He moves closer to him, rubbing his neck against Darius’.
He smiles. "I'm glad you said yes.."
He has to lean on her to stay up, his body too weak.
He moans and bobs his head, feeling him hit the back of his throat. He rolls John's bollocks in his palm and presses gently at his hole.
"I am?" John asks, puzzled by the shift in his partner.
He smirks and gets a paddle, rubbing it against her arse.
What you want with my body." She finishes the song panting hard and so horny.
John smirks and strokes Sherlock's cock, teasing his nipples.
"We're going to protect you."
He smiles and nuzzles her back.
Morna moans and swallows around Myropis.
"Yes." John moans. He moves and frees Sherlock's erection. He strokes it teasingly once or twice.
“Want to trade places so you can be under the water?”
He smiles and kisses him back softly. "Love you."
He smiles softly. 'I'm glad that he's not worried about the curse.' He smiles knowingly.
He mewls and whimpers softly. "Christ.."
"Good boy. Such a good boy." He kisses his thighs as he eases a slick finger into him.
He blushes and shifts back against him a bit.
He smiles. "I'm glad this is working."
John blushes and gasps, tipping his head back to give her more room.
John blushes a bit as he steps forward. "That'd be me."
“Want a plug?” Dominic smiles.
Sherlock blushes and grins, fucking her throat in time with Cecil fucking her cunt. “She was made for this, Daddy. I just know it. She can get knocked up whenever she likes. Have as many babies as she’s willing to push out. Be pregnant constantly with no breaks. Taking cock every time someone bends her over. Forget all of her other powers and abilities. This is what her purpose is. To have our litters and to always be full of them. Since she’s just a breeding cow I think we should just call the babies litters when she pushes them out. Like when an animal gives birth that’s all she is. An animal. A bitch in heat.” Sherlock smirks and plays with her swollen hard nipples, milking her like a cow.
“I think we should make the amount you cum bigger as well.” She kisses his neck and distracts him as his skin starts to dip under her fingers.
“I’ll handle it.” He nuzzles him.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Collin hums.
**I know.. She's going to kill us. --MH**
He kisses her neck softly.
Greg raises an eyebrow and kisses him. John sits at the other end of the table near Sherlock. He flinches as a huge rumble of thunder cracks across the sky.
“I practiced first. Working my way up to the actual nails.”
“Our pups. They’re getting so big already..” Sherlock looks at John’s belly with wide eyes.
“Oh god, Sherlock. I’m here. I’m right here. I told you the wedding doesn’t change anything. I’ll still be here.” John puts a supportive hand on Sherlock’s arm.
Clark smiles and looks through the collection John shows him. He picks out a nice big butt plug and a cock ring for John. But then he sees a small butt plug. “How does it feel? Having something in your arse?” He asks.
