John starts off at a trot down the hallway and then stops so suddenly Sherlock almost walks right into his back. “Oh, but we need to make one stop on our way.”
John turns to go, and all of a sudden Sherlock cannot stand the thought of John leaving him here.
LaRoue kicked out ineffectually but then with a violent, twisting motion, tore forward with such force that he ripped the jacket from his shoulders and sent off at a sprint down the lobby.
“Yes!” Sherlock hollered back, and John reflected, now with a distinctly pleasant sensation in his chest, how strange it was to be the one sitting in the living room yelling at Sherlock in the kitchen, instead of the other way around.
He pauses before pouring more oil into his hands, to push his trousers the rest of the way down his thighs so that he can move freely. Once he’s freed himself fully of his trousers, he sits up on his knees, thighs spread wide, flushed cock straining up towards him as if in supplication.
“I’m just so pleased it’s all worked out!” she says through her tears. “So, so pleased.”
John knew then, knew from the creeping sensation crawling over his flesh that he didn’t want to look down. It would be a mistake to look down.
“I don’t know, I’d say it’s pretty embarrassing to be unable to get it up with the girl you’re supposedly attracted to.”
But Sherlock was halfway across the street before the words had left John’s mouth, falling into step behind the man.
Sherlock can hear the ache in John’s voice like a physical wound inside him. He wants so badly to help somehow—to be able to give those things to John, to help take away his suffering. But he can’t. The only thing he could possibly do to help has been denied him. He feels useless, superfluous. What good is he to John if he can’t help him now? When John needs him the most?
Sherlock’s hands slid up under the edge of John’s t-shirt, warm on the bare flesh of his stomach, and this time, John did react. He let out a hiss at the feel of Sherlock’s warm palms pressed low on his belly, tilting back into Sherlock’s embrace.
He shrugs, echoing Molly’s gesture.
He keeps stroking John’s balls as he sucks—careful not to pull too hard, but knowing John always likes it slightly rougher than he ever thinks he would, his own hand on his cock speeding up again in response to the sounds John is making above him—helpless, breathless, little panting sounds, mixed with noises of encouragement.
Sherlock stands up and begins pacing again.
“Woah, watch out there, my boy!”
“Tell me,” he says, holding it up between them. “What do I do?”
The shadows in the stairwell look ominous to him as he makes his ascent, every step he takes away from Sherlock increasing his panic. He shakes off the feeling, swallows a handful of strong painkillers before climbing into bed. He knows tomorrow will be hell for his body. The shock and adrenaline have managed to keep the pain at bay but tomorrow will be a different story.
Sherlock feels John’s hands leave his hair and he looks up to see John reaching out desperately behind him for some kind of support. He realizes in the same instant that John needs something to help hold his weight.
John rocks forward on his knees, shaking so hard his teeth are chattering. “How could you, Sherlock?” He doesn’t know if he means the fall, the real death or the fake, the nightmares or the dreams, drugged or conjured up by his own brain. All of it. Even part of it is more than John could take. “How could you do this to me?”
Miss Hooper shakes her head. “No. We danced two dances together and just as the third one was beginning I started to notice that something was wrong. He was clearly in pain and then very rapidly he lost all ability to even stand upright. That was when I found you.”
Worse still, he realizes that Lestrade himself is about to climb down over the gangway. If Lestrade is going to shore, he will surely be one of the last ones to leave.
“How do I look?” he asks so John won’t repeat the question. “Presentable?”
He sits back to do up his trousers and when he looks up again, he sees John looking at him.
“The head is always the hardest part, so try and do that all at once, and then give me a little time to adjust. I’ll tell you when it’s alright to move, all right?”
Sherlock looks at her, impressed. “How did
“That isn’t Mary’s necklace. It was my mother’s.”
“Thank you both for coming. I’m sorry we have to meet in such close quarters. However, the matter that I am about to discuss with you demands privacy.”
, Sherlock—”
Sherlock clutches the edge of the grating before him in terror, feels sweat prickle the back of his neck and begin to run down the collar of his shirt.
John was lying flat on his back, Sherlock kneeling between his legs, bending over him, making a tent around John with his coat.
Just like the day before, he tries to tell himself that the dream he had was just a dream, nothing more, but the feeling of this one—sour, lingering, like the stink of a decaying corpse that Sherlock can’t remove—proves more difficult to shake even than the one from the night before.
“I’m so pleased you took my advice.” Moriarty studied John, his black eyes crawling over John’s face. “I’ll be the first to admit, I didn’t think it could be done.”
Neither of them spoke on the cab ride home.
The passing gentlemen chose just that moment to walk by the window, the low murmur of their voices briefly rising in volume as they traversed the pavement not
for introducing me to the song John sings in this chapter. For an absolutely gorgeous rendition of this song, click
“Another helpful favor from our devoted Detective Inspector.” Sherlock leaned into John’s shoulder as they approached the front entrance, keeping his voice low. “Now remember what we discussed. First sign you see of Briggs, text me. Get him in a compromising position and keep him there. The Yard is on standby to make the arrest and I’ll join you as soon as I can.”
John turns, startled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s so good,” Sherlock slurs, feeling drunk with pleasure, desperate to convey to John just how good it is. “I’ve never felt anything—
Sherlock was careful not to say anything as John stomped his way up the stairs and flung his soaking jacket over the arm of the couch. John grunted something which Sherlock suspected must have been ‘Shower,’ before locking himself in the bathroom and neglecting to emerge for the next forty-five minutes, steam issuing out from the cracks in the door all the while.
The sight of him like this, abandoning himself to pleasure, to John’s mouth, John’s touch—it was almost more than he could bear.
John presses his lips to Sherlock’s hair. His voice is a low murmur against Sherlock’s curls. “I didn’t want to wake you. You seemed pretty worn out after your extraordinary performance.”
He stares moodily into the depths of his tankard. “I’m sorry I’m not better company.”
“My, my, such dramatic claims. Did anyone ever tell you you’re a wretched liar, Holmes? What’s that around your neck?” Anderson sneers, pointing to the chain John has given him. “Let me guess—it’s a love token from your blue-eyed sailor. How quaint. Does that mean he’s marked you as his territory now? Just like a dog pissing on a tree stump. But I bet you’re thrilled, aren’t you? Anyone can tell just from looking at you that you’re
“He wanted to ask me about Marcus.”
This proclamation evokes a murmur of excitement.
“Yes,” he says, his own cheeks heating with embarrassment. He finds he is unable to meet Lestrade’s gaze. “Yes, of course.”
Sherlock leans over to light the candle on the desk, the sizzle of the flame dragging John’s sleeping form to life before Sherlock’s eyes, throwing the curves and hollows of his nude body into sharp relief.
John’s hands slide up to rest on the back of his neck, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s.
Then all at once, he crosses the room in two great strides and pulls the pages fully apart before he can stop himself.
John smiled against Sherlock’s arse, pushing just the tip of his tongue into Sherlock’s arsehole and then wriggling it to push it deeper.
Sherlock feels his own cheeks go pink.
As John looks at his own dirty fist clenched around it, how rough his skin looks next to the finely woven material; the dirt around his nails so stark against the white, he feels an ache move through him that seems to cleave his heart in two.
With a truly admirable display of self-possession, John ignored the beautiful man stalking through the living room and focused on the task at hand.
Sherlock holds out his palms face up and feels John place a cool, spherical object into them. He feels a frisson of excitement move through him.
“Are you going to eat that, sir?” He pointed to Sherlock’s cooling dinner.
“I have always been a disappointment to her, but I think the loss of this child made her disappointment in me even harder to bear. I think she came to believe that the other child, this child that never was, would have been everything I am not—obedient, well-mannered, affectionate… I was none of those things.”
John leaned forward until his lips brushed Sherlock’s ear. He’d never heard his own voice so husky. “I want you to fuck me right here in front of the fireplace. I want you to strip me first, slowly, and then I want to feel your mouth on every inch of my body until I’m trembling and gasping for it, begging you to put your cock in me.”
The space under the ship’s bow that before was relatively empty is now a chaos of noise and lights and people.
John went to put the kettle on and when he came back he moved a sheaf of papers aside so he could sit next to Sherlock on the sofa and take a closer look at him. He was clearly exhausted. He looked drawn and pale, paler than usual, with dark circles under his eyes.
John lets out a low whistle. His voice is soft. “I can imagine not.”
John kisses the corner of Sherlock’s lips, thumbs caressing the skin at the base of Sherlock’s ears, making him shiver with pleasure.
“Well, you may tell the captain that I commend his decision making. Might I also inquire, on behalf of the ladies you understand, whether the trunks will be sent up?”
(See the end of the chapter for
His desire for John, which is always there, just below the surface, has been building ever since John led him onto that dance floor, and has now risen from a banked fire to a blazing inferno, and Sherlock does not know if he has the self-control to keep it in check.
“I’m fine,” he hears himself saying, although his voice sounds far away. “Perfectly fine.”
’s midshipmen gathered earlier.
Billy nods at Sherlock, his expression still deadly serious. “I will.”
Sherlock climbed up onto the couch, settling himself over John’s naked hips. John sucked his breath in sharply, and then reaching up, seized Sherlock by the collar of his shirt and dragged him down to his mouth. The kiss was hungry, demanding. Sherlock’s body curled willingly down to offer John more of himself.
Sherlock shifts in John’s arms, dragging his mouth deliberately up the side of John’s neck.
“Good,” John says, and even through the dark, Sherlock can see the brilliance of John’s grin in response. “That’s good.”
Sherlock parted his lips a little and breathed into John.
“You…?”
At the mention of Moriarty, rage blackens the corner of John’s vision. He tastes blood in his mouth. He spits it into Moran’s face.
John flipped the edges of the paper and grumbled, but more softly this time. “You’re going to be covered in powdered sugar.”
Sherlock gasps at the touch, the necklace falling from his fingers. He lifts up, so John’s hands can continue exploring, tracing the swell of his buttocks down to where they meet his thighs.
John seems to sense his changing mood because he looks over at Sherlock in question. “You don’t trust him?”
. John knew very well what went on at public school, although he’d never dared to ask.
“It’s either that or drink straight from the bottle.”
John jerked at the contact.
“But John—!”
—you need to know.”
John felt a sick feeling in his stomach.
Sherlock chews his lip, caught in indecision.
It felt
Sherlock whimpers with pleasure, his hips stuttering up against John’s thigh, seeking friction, and then his whimper turns to a moan as John pushes his thigh in against the bulge in Sherlock’s breeches, rubbing the length of Sherlock’s trapped cock, his fingers tugging all the while in Sherlock’s curls.
The first time he sees John asleep, his face pale in the moonlight, one arm thrown over his head, fist clenched—it’s like a shot of adrenaline directly to his heart. He has to lean his head back against the wall, take several deep breaths; remind himself how important it is to stay quiet.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Let me by!”
His hands are still bound behind him. He kicks briefly in an effort to propel himself to the surface but the motion jars his shoulder and the pain that flashes through him is more than he can bear. He goes still and feels his body start to sink.
The items listed are typical of those brought from England to the east: woolen cloth and assorted fancy goods manufactured in English factories: sword blades, mirrors, iron, bars of lead and tin.
John’s eyes raked the carpet for the other gun and saw that it was just a few feet from his outstretched hand. Keeping his eyes trained on Briggs whose gaze was fixed on Sherlock, John pulled himself along the carpet towards the gun.
He couldn’t bear to have Sherlock looking at him anymore. He needed to get out of this room, away from the stink of the blood, from the remnants of his own humiliation. He reached for his trousers bunched between his thighs, struggling to rise to his knees, hands shaking so violently he couldn’t complete the motion.
John ducked his head, breaking Sherlock’s gaze, feeling suddenly self-conscious. God, between the two of them, they’d never succeed at communicating an emotion without falling apart.
It occurs to Sherlock now that he never gave John a chance to finish getting undressed—he’s still wearing his shoes, his trousers bunched halfway down his thighs.
“Johnny Boy! Your presence is requested!”
“How’re things in the belly of the beast?”
Sherlock took it from him quietly and John felt a lurch in his chest as the firelight caught the flicker of Sherlock’s eyelashes when he moved; they were still damp.
Now Sherlock’s face is rippling as though John is watching him through water.
John stops Sherlock’s mouth with his, drinking down the sound, curling his finger again and moving it now against the same place.
“I knew you were in need of that drink. I imagine it’s stressful work, apprehending criminals.”
Sherlock turns onto his side, tucking his hips in against the line of John’s body, and letting one finger trace over the grooves of John’s ribs.
“I would say there’s no rush, but…”
“Billy, there’s…” Sherlock hesitates as Billy looks up at him, his expression open and earnest. “There’s one more thing I want to ask you, that you might be able to help me with.”
He felt his doctor’s resolve wavering. He shut his eyes for the briefest of seconds to collect himself, and opened his eyes to see Sherlock peering down at it critically.
“Goodbye, Billy.”
John’s expression is softer, the lines in his face no longer visible, his eyes as they study Sherlock a cool grey-blue. Sherlock can see that the storm that was raging there before has finally quieted and he feels relief move through him to douse some of his anxiety.
John, Sherlock realizes, is looking at his mouth.
We drink and we carouse
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock shuts his eyes, whispers a silent, fervent prayer inside his head.
But there’s no sign of him, and the next thing he knows the second boat is casting off for shore.
What on earth could Deverall want with Billy at this point?
“Everything is in order, sir. There’s just a few men finishing up down below and once they’re aboard, that’s everyone from the larboard watch.”
By the time he crawls back into bed, he feels less light headed, and as he lies back down, he braces himself for the cold, sick feelings of guilt and regret that are sure to overtake him in the wake of what he’s done.
He sat quietly, unmoving, listening to the ragged sound of Sherlock’s breathing, issuing harsh and uneven from between his hands.
He does not run; he walks out of the dining room, but his steps are measured and deliberate.
John from afar, silhouetted against the night sky, will put Sherlock’s heart at ease.
for this story full of all kinds of delicious fiddle tunes and sea shanties, so be sure to go and listen to that, too! And
Sherlock’s entire body has turned to ice. He is listening so hard he is scarcely breathing, terror twisting its fist around his guts with savage force.
The effect it has on Sherlock is as visceral as the effect of the sun breaking suddenly through clouds.
Judging by the dim quality of the light, it is almost evening but the room feels like an oven, the electric quality of the air prickling all along Sherlock’s scalp.
Too late, Sherlock realizes what he has said; what he promised himself he would not reveal to John.
,” she’d whisper dramatically.
Sherlock feels the anger that has taken root somewhere deep inside him begin to grow, begin to spread all through him, slow and murderous as poison.
He sits on a coil of rope, and stares up at the night sky, blinking angry tears out of his eyes, trying to calm the storm of impotent fury battering itself against his ribs.
“Sherlock!” John’s voice was desperate. “I need—”
of us is sexually frustrated.” Reaching between them, he rubbed his palm over the bulge in John’s trousers.
Ferguson has turned a rather vibrant shade of puce.
Or will he re-join the celebration? Will it prove too much to lie alone in the darkness and think about what he and Sherlock could be doing together? How they could be lying right now in one another’s arms, limbs tangled, foreheads pressed together, just listening to the sounds of one another’s breathing.
John scrapes his nails from the base of Sherlock’s hairline up to his crown, making Sherlock sigh with pleasure and drop his head forward, his body bowing under John’s hands.
John reached down, hooking his hands under Sherlock’s elbows to pull him to his feet.
Billy looks suddenly serious. “I’d like that very much, sir.”
“I knew that a storm was coming, and I had a feeling it would be a bad one so I urged the captain to put the sails up before it hit. He wouldn’t hear of it. He told me there was no reason to take days out of our journey with no certainty of a storm.”
John’s eyes flutter shut in response, another groan sounding low in his throat.
He came with a shout, his knees giving way beneath him, his head tipping back against the door as his orgasm ripped through him. Nearly senseless, he slid until he hit the floor, where he sat gasping, still floating somewhere above himself as he rode out the end of his orgasm.
In truth, it has been ages since Sherlock enjoyed a bit of tobacco. It’s a habit his father considers nasty and vile, suitable only for the lower classes. Sherlock had taken to it during his short time in University and in his rage and boredom the summer after he’d been sent home he’d continued, mostly just to spite his father.
Maybe John himself will determine that he cannot ask this kind of sacrifice from his men, that a few embraces with Sherlock in the squalor of his dismal cabin is not worth the devastation it may bring to the lives of an entire group of men.
Looking down to see Sherlock’s fist where it’s lying on his thigh, John slides his own hand forward and brushes the back of his hand against Sherlock’s, curling their fingers together. If the gesture pains him, John does not give any sign of it.
Sherlock can see Deverall, standing just in front of the first line of men. He’s turned away form Sherlock so he cannot make out the expression on his face, but judging by the set of his jaw, he is no happier about this than any of the men.
Never mind. Clearly that idea was out. If he went back upstairs now that would only make Sherlock curious. He wouldn’t leave John alone until he found out why he was acting strangely.
Sherlock nods, uncertain what to say; and then remembers the vow he made to thank Lestrade for all his help. He is more certain now than ever that it wouldn’t have been possible for John to come to his aid if not for the Lieutenant’s intervention on his behalf.
“No, you don’t need to tell me that,” the other man says, frustration still clear in his voice. “But we’re doing everything we can! I don’t see how he thinks it’s possible to—”
Billy crinkles up his nose as he thinks. “He didn’t really react at all. He just looked… disgruntled. Sort of the way he always looks. Lieutenant Lestrade was in his cabin with him when I brought the letter in though.”
John’s look of confusion quickly changes to one of alarm.
“There’s a stream just on the other side of the trees behind the house, so we have plenty of fresh drinking water. And plenty of water for a bath whenever you like. Just say the word and I’ll fill the tub for you.”
Sherlock’s hips were tucked against John’s waist and with a gasp, John felt the hard length of Sherlock pressed up against him—the evidence of Sherlock’s desire suddenly made shockingly clear. This was the first time John was made aware of Sherlock’s erection—he may have had one before, but John hadn’t felt it. Not like this. His bones felt like they had turned to water.
It had all started with the poisoned pie.
“Fine,” Sherlock says shortly. His desperation to get John out of there before Deverall comes back is suddenly blinding. It takes all of his self-control to keep him from seizing John by the arm and dragging him bodily from the tavern. “I’m ready. Can we go now?”
John’s mouth is warm and soft. Sherlock parts his lips to let John in and is rewarded by the slick heat of John’s tongue pushing in against his own. He tastes like the wine they have been drinking—sweet and dark.
Sherlock had dropped to his knees before John, settling himself between his thighs. “Lift your hips.”
“But what about you, Mr. Holmes? Won’t you be going to shore?”
“Didn’t you hear me? I said, get out.”
Something like a collective groan of relief moves through the men. It is not expressed as sound but movement. Almost in unison, the motion of their bodies comes to a halt.
“I told you I was going to gut you like a pig, didn’t I? You’re going to help me through the butchering process, oh yes, you are. You’re going to be such a big help. And then when Sherlock comes to see what I’ve done with you I can tell him what a big help you were.”
Sherlock turns, searching for the source of the shout, and is momentarily disoriented by the light of the setting sun cutting into his eyes. He takes two unsteady steps toward the starboard railing, a hand thrown up over his eyes to block out the glare of the sun, and all of his misery vanishes in a single heartbeat as he sees John Watson walking towards him in a blaze of light, shirt still thrown around his shoulders, his mouth stretched wide in a brilliant smile, gold hair dripping down into his eyes.
“Sherlock…” His voice was hoarse. “Wait.”
“S—sorry, I’m sorry,” he gasps into John’s mouth.
Sherlock almost gasps in astonishment at the speed with which he moves along the narrow wooden beam out over the water.
“It means they feel like you’re one of them.”
John heard Sherlock draw a breath, fight to keep his voice steady. He spoke slowly and clearly. “John, I’m going to cut the tie that’s binding your wrists. I need you to keep still. Just for a moment.”
Anderson is just a midshipman, a low-ranking one at that. Even if Anderson was high performing, based on what Sherlock knows of the captain’s temperament, he doesn’t seem the type to grant errant favors to lower-ranking members of his ship.
He leans into the wind, as if, in doing so, he can wrap the song around himself and it will feel as real to him as the presence of John’s strong arms.
John didn’t think to question Sherlock’s command. He got so quickly to his feet he almost tripped, and ran to Sherlock’s bedroom. “Top left dresser drawer, top left dresser drawer.”
He can make out the faces of the first line of men, standing around one of the cannons, and Sherlock doesn’t know whether he’s disappointed or relieved to find that John’s face is not among them.
“I thought you liked my blue shirt,” John says cheekily, leaning back down to recapture Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock is further delighted to see that it’s not just anyone, but Colonel Jackson carrying his dueling pistols, one in each hand.
He began to pump into Sherlock hard and fast, driving him down into the mattress. Sherlock’s legs tightened around his waist, his cock slipping in the sweat between their bodies.
“Which is…?”
He strips down to his bare skin and splashes cold water on his face and neck, under his arms and between his legs. Despite the relative warmth of the evening air, Sherlock finds he is shivering uncontrollably, like a harp string tightened past endurance and then plucked. He feels hot and cold at once, his skin strangely light as though it is too fragile to hold in all the feelings that are thrumming underneath his ribs.
“Now, as this gentleman here is a friend of mine, I’d like you to treat him as well as you treat me. And if we’re very good to him, and very lucky, then maybe he will give us a bit of music later on, as he’s a damn fine fiddle player to boot.”
Even through the shadows, Sherlock can see the longing in John’s eyes, the ache of his wanting an almost physical presence.
As he lifts the lantern above his head, casting its golden light into the shadows between the cables, he is struck by just how much
“Lieutenant!”
“She died that spring. The spring before I came home. Typhoid fever.”
“John…” Sherlock’s voice was strained, tense with embarrassment and arousal.
“Look, I don’t know why you took it—maybe you thought it would be funny—I really don’t care—but the document you took is important, and I
Sherlock’s response is equally rushed. “Yes. God—yes.”
“Not now, Sherlock.”
Miss Gibbons and Miss Long both gasp in simultaneous horror.
Careful to keep his eyes on John’s, Sherlock rubs the swollen head of John’s cock against his closed lips, nuzzling at it, before parting his lips and taking it back into his mouth.
It’s lovely—it is, but in this moment Sherlock cannot handle soft and slow—he needs speed and heat and pressure. After watching John all afternoon and aching for him, this slow exploratory kissing isn’t enough. There’s a fire burning in him, and he wants more, he
And then without another word, Sherlock turns and makes his way back across the deck to the shouting, drinking, laughing mass of men.
the sound of that instrument; he has heard it before…
Something about hearing John
Sherlock made a desperate noise in response, his hips jutting forward into John’s, and for the first time John felt the swell of Sherlock’s erection against his hip.
John’s fingers joined Sherlock’s and made short work of the rest of the buttons, and then finally, finally, Sherlock was pushing the shirt off his shoulders and reaching for the hem of his vest, and tugging it over his head.
And here, for the first time, Lestrade’s composure falters. Sherlock can see the color in Lestrade’s cheeks rise even as he goes on speaking.
Lestrade started to follow, but then seemed to remember John, and turned abruptly on the spot to look back at him.
But as the days trickle by and there is still no sign of Sherlock, John begins to worry.
Sherlock hurries forward, dropping to his knees to pull open the top of a worn canvas sack, stitched with the initials J.W.
Sherlock suppresses a shudder at the memory of John pushing him back into the shadows, his mouth hot on Sherlock’s, his hands firm on Sherlock’s shoulders, the scrape of the rope against his shoulder blades as John’s body ground into his.
“I did have a mind we should bathe first but I—” John’s words are lost in a soft gasp of pleasure as Sherlock leans in and without any preamble takes the head of John’s cock into his mouth.
“John?” he whispers softly, voice full of horror. “What’s the matter?”
John leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s heaving ribs, watching with amazement as gooseflesh broke out over Sherlock’s skin just from the gentle touch of his lips. “I’m sorry, it’s just… I love how sensitive you are.”
However, when Lestrade looked up and saw them, something in his expression made the cold feeling in John’s chest harden and turn to ice.
Sherlock cried out at the touch, his whole body undulating in one long slide of need, one hand stretching up over his head to claw in desperation at the pillows behind him. He was so wound up with tension that the slightest friction had him almost coming.
Although Sherlock suspects he knows the answer, he cannot help but ask.
The next morning when Sherlock wakes, he is sore all over.  For a moment he forgets the cause of this, and then he remembers his relentless regimen of exercises, and the corresponding pain in his arms, his back, his shoulders makes sense.
to hear him playing anyway, with the exception of Miss Hooper perhaps. He still hasn’t made his mind up about her, but there’s a chance she might be different than the rest of them.
Pandemonium breaks loose at the boy’s words.
But it helps to know John’s eyes are on him as he works; it intensifies Sherlock’s need to follow John’s directions all the more precisely. It’s almost as if he can feel the steady presence of John’s eyes on his hand as he moves the brush.
The two of them both gasp as Sherlock’s fingers close around the warm flesh, and Sherlock feels—as he always does with John’s cock in his hand—like a man who’s just struck gold. John’s hands slide down to grip Sherlock by the shoulders, his breathing going shallow.
He tries to make his tone accusatory, but it comes out much too breathless.
So what is this vital information that Knott is in possession of? It must be vital indeed if the captain is willing to risk murder in order to suppress it. And if Knott is the one in possession of it, why is Ferguson propositioning him, and not the other way around?
Sure enough, before Sherlock has even fully absorbed the sensation of John’s warm lips against the skin of his knuckles, John is turning his hand over and pressing a kiss to the tips of his fingers.
Sherlock shifted against him, lifting himself onto his elbows to look down at John.
It’s because he can’t accept it, can’t exist from moment to moment with the reality in his mind, so he shuts it out, forms a bubble around himself, waiting and hoping and waiting for Sherlock to come back.
Sherlock’s cheeks burn hot at the memory of his desperate pleas from earlier this morning, his chest filling with shame.
on your hips, lurch of your body into mine,
Sherlock arches his neck to look up at John; distressed to see that John looks as exhausted now as he did when he arrived four hours ago. “I’m glad you slept.”
“Wait a moment. Let me—”
Sherlock was lying on his back with his eyes closed, arms crossed over his chest.
It’s true that Sally had seemed to look him over, but it had clearly been a judgment on John’s behalf rather than any kind of interest on her part.
His fingers return to hold the locket and he thinks suddenly of the line from John’s note—
“Aw, don’t be jealous, John,” Patterson says, slinging an arm around John’s shoulders. “I’m sure we can find somebody to keep you company.”
have delivered the proper glass to Mr. Knott—surely the captain wouldn’t have an idiot in his employ. So how then, had the man managed to swap glasses with Lieutenant Lestrade?
better after having eaten. He takes another drink, feeling almost cheerful, the hollow desperation of a moment ago now like a distant memory.
about you? You think that’s possible for him? Oh, I don’t doubt he has uses for you, but you know as well as I do that emotions don’t interest him. So he’s fucking you. Big whoop. Just means he’s using you in a new way. You aren’t worth more than the skin you’re standing in.” Moriarty dragged the blade of the knife down the front of John’s jumper, his face vicious, feral. “You’re just meat to him. So John Watson, I plan on reducing you to what you really are—by cutting you to pieces.”
Feeling bold, he pulls back slightly from the kiss so he can bite at John’s bottom lip, rubbing hard against John’s nipples as he does so, savoring the desperate sound it pulls from John, the involuntary press of his hips forward into Sherlock’s.
The sound of the sailor’s music is clearly audible from where they stand; it seems to tug at Sherlock like a physical hand on his shoulder. He ignores it, focusing on Billy.
“What?”
Sherlock disappeared and returned moments later with the extensive medical kit John kept on hand for emergencies. It hadn’t take him long to learn that living with Sherlock meant medical emergencies were practically a daily occurrence, so the kit was well supplied.
Of course, he does not yet know whether the passengers will be allotted the same kind of time. But if their stay in Rio is anything like their stay in Madeira, then the passengers should be able to remain on shore for as long as they like. All he has to do is be sure he leaves the ship the same time as John. As long as he’s quiet about it, no one but the two of them will ever have to know.
Sherlock gasped, his gasp turning to a sigh as John dragged his tongue over Sherlock’s ribs, his hot breath gusting over the damp skin. He kept the piece of ice tucked against his cheek, knowing that his tongue against Sherlock’s overheated skin would feel pleasantly cool.
“And would you believe it? I’ve
Sherlock freezes with the glass in his hand, fear unspooling in his belly like the root he swallowed in his dream.
Sherlock nods frantically, with his eyes still shut.
“Your hair,” John breathes against Sherlock’s mouth. Even as he says the words his hand is sliding into Sherlock’s curls, nails scraping lightly against Sherlock’s scalp as he goes, and Sherlock
“No, you’re not. You’re right here.”
“Oh my god.”
Growling, Sherlock shoves the memory away, focuses instead on the rise and fall of the sailors’ voices.
For several seconds all he can do is stand and stare, as though he’s been turned to stone by the sight before him, because the person playing that beautiful, complicated instrument is
long week.
“Come here.”
noticed by now.”
This time, John’s reaction is even more intense.
“However…” John cleared his throat. “If a similar situation were to ah… arise in which we participated in the same sort of hmm…activity… well. Well. You know where to find me.”
John falls back a step as Sherlock swings, and Sherlock’s knuckles graze the edge of John’s forearm.
“Isn’t she a beauty?” Sherlock hears someone murmur, and he’s almost grinning already, so contagious is the general atmosphere of excitement awakened by the appearance of his violin.
John bites down lightly before dragging his mouth back towards Sherlock’s ear and licking into it, making Sherlock gasp.
, flying British colors, and knows at once that it must be the ship that Lestrade mentioned, the
“I was so angry.”
John bends to press a kiss to Sherlock’s wet cheek, and Sherlock feels all of his petulant feelings of irritation vanish in an instant.
The ache in his shoulders, the twinge of pain in the juncture of his thigh and hip, feel as sweet to him as any gift because they make him think of John.
Billy shakes his head again. “They stopped talking as soon as I came in. But… I think he was trying to change the captain’s mind about shore leave. In fact, I’m certain of it.”
“Right. Just thought I’d ask. Never mind.”
He’s one second away from shouldering through the crowd to intercede when he sees Billy nod, and Deverall turns away, seemingly satisfied by the exchange. The moment Deverall’s back is turned, Billy ushers Molly down the ladder first.
Sherlock grinned against his mouth. “What was that, Doctor?”
“I had a Swedish shipmate once—He taught me a load of songs, including that one.”  And then there’s a teasing note creeping into John’s voice. “Would you like it know what it means?”
“This has nothing to do with logic!” John shouted. He took a deep breath, grasping at the frayed threads of his control. "Sometimes you have to give people time, Sherlock. People need to work things out in their own time."
Sherlock watches the Colonel’s red face go pale at the shipmaster’s words.
Although he does not yet have the evidence to prove it Sherlock is certain that the captain is responsible for Captain Adams’ sudden illness. If the man has a hand for poisoning—which he clearly does—it would make sense that he aimed to get rid of the other captain in the same manner with which he tried to incapacitate Lieutenant Lestrade. But what Sherlock can’t figure out is what motive a wartime captain like Roberts would have for commandeering a merchant ship to the East Indies.
Emboldened by the longing in John’s voice, Sherlock leans in until he can feel John’s breath—soft against his parted lips. He holds himself there, overwhelmed, his mouth trembling, his own breath loud and quick in the infinitesimal space between them.
“Always the broadcaster of doom, eh, Mr. Summersby?”
Sherlock climbs stiffly to his feet, his sore shoulders aching worse than ever after so many hours of sitting without moving. He is resolved to go to dinner if only because he cannot bear another moment alone with his own thoughts.
It’s a valid concern, Sherlock realizes. But every moment that passes, the seats are filling up, and it’s far more risky for Molly to go to shore on a boat full of crewmen—of that much Sherlock is certain.
The man’s gaze on the back of his neck is as palpable as a physical touch and the absence of that hard, dark look when it finally leaves him comes as a relief, even though he cannot see it.
“When was that then?”
John arches one eyebrow, curious, a slight smile tugging at the corners of his lips, and for a moment Sherlock forgets everything he was about to say, distracted by how devastatingly attractive John is.
It occurred to John midway up the stairs that perhaps he should be insulted that Sherlock was carrying him like he weighed nothing at all, like he was a swooning maiden, and Sherlock was his conqueror, sweeping him off to some secluded bower; but John found the scenario produced exactly the opposite effect.
“Sherlock! Please. Tonight I’d really like to be alone.”
Their progress down the stairs was slow and labored. John’s legs were still not cooperating so they had to coordinate their movements, Sherlock’s arm secured tightly around John’s waist. Normally, such a rare display of patience from Sherlock would have made John warm with gratitude but now John felt only humiliation and that same sick feeling. He found himself wishing Sherlock would just leave him on the stairs, force him to crawl the rest of the way on his hands and knees.
It’s all a blur to Sherlock’s eyes, the sunlight so bright against the sand, the heaving green line of the trees—he feels as though he’s drowning in it.
“I walked up to the barrel counter.”
Sherlock takes another long drink before passing it back.
The sun must be shining up on deck—the warmth of his hair, the brilliant white of his teeth in his tan face seem to carry the sunlight with him into Sherlock’s dim cabin. The room feels brighter and warmer just from his presence.
Even before John had finished speaking, Sherlock’s fingers were pulling apart the button on his trousers and tugging down the zip.
“Honestly, John, I never expected much from this blog of yours but this is a new low.”
He sees tables and chairs, bedsteads and sofas. He even walks through a fully furnished living room, but nowhere in any of these rooms does he find a trace of other people.
tolerance for sloppy workmanship or cut corners. Anyone caught doing a slapdash job in an effort to get off the ship faster will be lashed to the gratings and flogged. Have I made myself clear?”
He sees a pang of sorrow in John’s face at his words.
John’s look sobers suddenly, the line of his mouth going soft. “Why would it make me uncomfortable?”
John is still with him—Sherlock can tell by the very warm body against his own, the gentle rise and fall of John’s chest beside him, but he must have gotten up to blow the candle out. He’s lying in a slightly different position than when Sherlock fell asleep on his chest.
“Actually I do have one request to start out.”
“Sit back against me so I can reach but keep your spine straight—there. Perfect.”
Sherlock slipped off the arm of the sofa where he’d been perched and began to glide toward John without taking his eyes off him.
The words he is about to utter are dangerous on any ship, possibly more dangerous than any words that can be spoken at sea. And although he feels as though he can trust Lestrade, he has very little basis for that trust other than the fact that he knows Lestrade played a part in allowing John to come to his aid when Sherlock was sick. Even so, to confide in Lestrade in the way that he is about to is a very great risk.
“Well, hello there.”
“That’s good,” Sherlock says, before passing the letter into Billy’s hand. He looks the boy carefully in the eye. “You know who it’s for?”
Luckily, he moves off to refill his bucket before Sherlock has to think of a response.
Sherlock can hear him muttering angrily to himself as he makes his way back toward the gangway.
Sherlock scarcely has the breath to speak. It feels as though his heart has swollen to such a size that it’s crushing all the air from his lungs, pressing against his ribs, but if he knows one thing, it’s that it has never been more important than it is right now for him to try and communicate to John just what he means to Sherlock.
“Did you know then? How I felt about you?”
If he and John are forbidden to see each other on board the ship, and if they cannot manage to see each other in Rio, then… when will they have the chance to see each other again?
Although he’s fairly certain he knows whose letter it was that the courier was waiting on, he’d like to find out from Billy for certain.
Sherlock thrusts his own hips against John to prompt him to start moving again, and in answer, John lifts his mouth from Sherlock’s and then returns it to Sherlock’s neck where he licks at the skin and then bites down and sucks.
Sherlock looks at John and realizes all of a sudden that John doesn’t know.
activity to occupy his free hour, there’s something decidedly pleasant about having all of John’s company to himself, and all of John’s attention on him, as he guides Sherlock through the complicated maze of storerooms and narrow passageways, through hatchways and under low-hanging beams into every secret corridor of the ship.
Sherlock leaned in closer, his gaze intensifying. “You’ve been avoiding me. Why?”
John makes a guttural sound in response, and Sherlock watches John’s fists tighten in the sheets.
John looks back at Sherlock with his mouth fallen open, and then begins to laugh, softly, helplessly, into his hand.
John didn’t sleep well in the weeks after. He was ashamed by how much it had affected him. He was a solider after all; the threat of death was nothing new. But there was something about Moriarty—he had gotten under John’s skin and he’d left a cold horror that John couldn’t seem to shake. He would wake from nightmares with the feeling of those creeping reptile hands still on his skin.
Lifting his hips, Sherlock reaches around behind him to take hold of John’s erection, his breath catching at the velvet heat of it against his palm in contrast to the cool water, relishing John’s gasp as his fingers close around him and repositions him so that the line of John’s cock slips in between his buttocks.
He saw the muscles in Sherlock’s throat constrict, watched his eyes take on a wild expression, as though he had suddenly been transported back to the other side of John’s door.
“I was merely answering your question.”
His face is on John’s shoulder, his chest pressed in against John’s ribs, his hips tucked in against John’s thigh. As an experiment, Sherlock shifts the leg that is laying against John’s, lifts it so that his right leg twines around John’s left, feeling the slide of skin against skin as he settles it between both of John’s.
But then self-preservation kicks in and Sherlock is extinguishing the lantern in his hand in one terrified gust of breath and retreating deep into the shadows between the towering barrels.
“It’s because in the royal navy, just as onboard a merchant ship, the key to a successful voyage is discipline. Where there is no discipline there is chaos. Pain and hardship are as vital for the smooth running of a ship as food and water—perhaps more so. Of course,” he looks up at Sherlock, smiling the same mocking smile as before, “I wouldn’t expect you to understand any of this, coming as you do from such… privileged circumstances.”
Sherlock doesn’t know how to tell Lestrade that there’s no point of him going to shore if John isn’t there—but Lestrade is eying him with impatience, and before Sherlock can respond, Deverall has come up next to them, breathless with industry, to give Lestrade his last report.
John’s voice softens. “It
“How did Lestrade take it, by the way?” John asks with a sudden grin. “I’m assuming he was pleased?”
It was bitterly cold.
No. No, it was just the sound of the rain on the roof.
Sherlock’s ears have gone very hot; he cannot imagine what Lestrade’s face must look like now.
John hummed his assent. Sherlock’s voice sounded just as lovely and echoey as he had hoped. The conditioner smelled as expensive and fragrant as its shampoo counterpart, and felt just as nice being massaged into his hair by Sherlock’s talented fingers. John didn’t know much about it either way—he never bothered with conditioner.
Sherlock’s room is one deck below Ferguson’s, so Sherlock takes the staircase going up in the hopes that this will give him something of a head start.
He can feel John’s hands trembling against his face.
“J-John,” Sherlock gasps, terrified that he is going to break John’s reprimand because he cannot hold it off any longer—he can feel the first ripples building in him low and sweet. He tries to stop himself, tries to hold his body still to keep the exploding force of his pleasure at bay. “I’m—I’m going to…”
Sherlock opens his eyes to find John’s eyes on him, the color of a cloudless sky. There are tiny droplets clinging to his long lashes like beads of light.
That was years ago now but surely, his body still remembers. Sherlock feels a ripple of playful curiosity move through him.
“John.”
Sherlock’s mouth traveled up the inside of John’s knee, pressing soft kisses against the curve there, pausing when he reached John’s inner thigh. Then, opening his mouth, Sherlock sucked hard at the sensitive skin.
As they make their way through the crowds of people, Sherlock thinks back on what he learned about the city from Colonel Jackson—how the arrival of the Portuguese royal court last spring increased the population of the city overnight, drastically taxing the port-city’s almost non-existent infrastructure.
“Indeed, Lieutenant, as you have so deftly repeated—that is precisely what I intend.” The sarcasm in the captain’s voice is biting. “It appears your powers of apprehension are perfectly in tact.”
A light breeze tugs at the kerchief around his throat.
Sherlock’s voice drops to a whisper. “Will you teach me, John? Will you show me how to do it?”
Sherlock’s face was tilted up toward John, peering at him through the shadows, his face bathed in the light from the window at John’s back.
The ladies must have been upset indeed.
Normally he would feel too self-conscious to do what John asked, but not now, with John’s eyes on him like this, warm and dark, his hands sliding up Sherlock’s thighs to frame his hips as Sherlock begins to stroke, almost weeping from relief at the direct contact, finally, after what feels like an eternity of waiting.
He fell back against his bedroom door, hard, his cock in his hand. Without even bothering to push his trousers down his thighs he began to stroke himself with long, unsteady strokes. He had promised himself he wouldn’t think of Sherlock, and he’d been true to his word for weeks, but now he abandoned all pretenses of controlling his thoughts and let himself go. He imagined Sherlock’s mouth on his, hot and desperate, as his hands slid down over his ribs to hold him hard by the hips. He imagined taking Sherlock’s cock in his hand, Sherlock’s body arching down over John’s, tugging him closer by the grip on his arse, dragging their cocks together until the sweet friction of their bare flesh against each other, coupled with the drag of Sherlock’s teeth down John’s throat, pushed him over the edge.
“—I told you, Deverall, it isn’t good enough! He wants us making seven knots.”
He needs John to know how much Sherlock loves him, how much he has wanted him since the moment he laid eyes on him, and how it’s only grown since then, every day, until Sherlock feels his chest will burst.
“I’ve just tried speaking with them, but they’re all engaged at the moment in conversation with the captain. And I know he wouldn’t like to be disturbed.”
Sherlock’s rage is visceral and instantaneous.
In desperation, Sherlock tries to slide backwards down the wall but Anderson’s grip on his jacket is unbreakable, and the sudden movement only makes the pressure on his throat increase.
Sherlock recognizes Matthews and Patterson and Half Pint Lee, all of whom are engrossed in their game with another sailor whose name Sherlock can’t recall. Sherlock has seen him around on deck—the man is tall, broad-shouldered with a sullen sloping face. The silver-whiskered Burns sits off to one side, mending a jacket, with a needle in his teeth.
But John shushes him when he tries to speak, lays a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder to keep him from sitting up.
“It’s all right. I’m here now. I’ve got you. We’re going to make you well again, in no time at all. Do you hear me, Sherlock?”
“Don’t talk to me about what I owe him! You sold him out! You never cared about him! Don’t tell
He curls over onto his side again; arms clenched tightly around himself, trying to stem the tide of his arousal, his feelings of helplessness, his despair.
“John—” He’s gasping, barely able to get enough breath to speak. “Pl—please!”
And the sand—glittering pale gold, the color of John’s hair in the sun—stretches on, unmarked, licked into shining silver stripes by the rising and receding waves.
(See the end of the chapter for
The kitchen extended beyond the back of the house without a second storey above it, so the sound of the rain was louder here—drumming heavy and relentless on the roof overhead.
“Evenin’,” he says at long last.
Really, he should be thanking his lucky stars that Sherlock had a case to distract him. He caught himself staring again as Sherlock shrugged his coat on, watching the lean lines of Sherlock’s body as he moved.
“Wrong. Two victims a week for the past three weeks, John. After so methodical a system why would he stop now?”
But just as he reaches the hatch leading below he hears the sounds of a commotion at the gangway where he and Ferguson where just standing, and he pauses at the top of the stairs to look.
John awoke a few hours later to an insistent pounding on his door.
“I- I admit I’ve never had the pleasure.”
He ordered one of everything.
“But that’s beside the point. The point is—” John’s thumbs smooth over Sherlock’s cheeks to draw his eyes back up to his face. “The point is
Lestrade, apparently taking pity on Sherlock, looks back at Deverall. “Was John Watson with the men down below, Lieutenant?”
Mortified that his affection can be so obvious, Sherlock risks a look up again in defiance of his own shame, just in time to see John climb up the gunwale and vanish over the other side.
Moving his hands to Sherlock’s hips, he dragged Sherlock further up his body until Sherlock’s cock was lined up with his own. Then, slipping his hands around to grip Sherlock by his buttocks, he thrust up into him, the feel of Sherlock sliding slick and hot against him making his mouth drop open with pleasure.
“John.”
He has now reached the end of the pumps, and he hesitates here, deep in the shadows, one arm still raised to cover his mouth, his eyes straining desperately through the darkness for any sign of John, unwilling to accept the reality of what every detail seems to present to him.
He finds he cannot imagine it. His own life has been full of misery and neglect but no sorrow Sherlock has experienced can touch what John has been made to undergo. The thought that this could happen to John, that he could be snatched from his life with no means to protest, no chance of resistance, fills Sherlock with a white, hot rage on his behalf.
He listens very carefully to the surrounding ship to ascertain the time of night.
John sucked his way down Sherlock’s neck, his hands bunching in the silk of Sherlock’s robe. He felt light-headed from the intensity of his arousal, his heightened senses aching for contact with every dip and curve of Sherlock’s body, torn between the twin desires of tasting and looking. He hadn’t had a chance to really
Sherlock held John against him through each intense convulsion of his orgasm. When his legs gave out completely, Sherlock slid both arms around his back and held him as John continued to shake, his body trembling, the sound of his own ragged gasping harsh in his ears.
“If someone tried to catch you, I don’t think you’d stand for it. I think you’d break free. You wouldn’t let anyone take you against your will.”
Thank you again for all your comments and support! I love hearing from all of you so much. Fandom community FTW!
Once again, John’s fists were clenching in the bed sheets, desperate for something to grab hold of, his heels digging into the mattress.
Sherlock looks up at Deverall, and realizes that the apology in his eyes is for Marcus, and his motivations all at once become clear.
Elbowing his way through the chaos of people, Sherlock manages to find a spot along the larboard railing where he can lean over the side and see that the first few passengers have begun to make their careful way down the side of the ship and into one of the waiting boats.
Sherlock looks back at John and nods.
“What is it?” Sherlock asks, withdrawing slightly.
Sherlock remembers the smirk he’d seen on Anderson’s face the following day. What if he had gone to the captain in an attempt to try and get Sherlock into trouble? Perhaps the captain arranged to put Anderson in charge of John’s mess in order to keep an eye on him.
“Look at their clothes! Use your eyes, Anderson. That’s what they’re there for.”
One man was trying to beat down the flames on the carpet with his jacket, stamping at them with his feet, but it was having no effect.
“He’s right, of course.”
His expression had settled in a matter of seconds but John had seen the panic stark on Sherlock’s face, and his heart gave a painful lurch in his chest in response to how uncharacteristically lost he had looked.
“No…” John was curious. Sherlock had seemed so focused on the case. He didn’t think Sherlock had given him a second glance.
“Do you know the song I would have sung if the two of us were alone?”
“Well bugger me if I know what any of that was about.”
“Your shirt,” John says, and Sherlock can hear that he means his tone to be light and teasing, but the longing in his voice is too apparent; Sherlock can hear the need underneath his words, almost desperate. “I don’t think you need it anymore, do you?”
John let his eyes linger on Sherlock’s pouting mouth, the corners of which were turned down slightly as he concentrated, then down Sherlock’s neck where a faint purple mark was blooming to life on the pale skin, left there by his own mouth, down, down slender muscles in his arms and chest standing out in golden lines, to finally rest on the flushed curve of Sherlock’s erection where it lay against his hip.
Sherlock’s hips bucked and this time as John lapped at the dimple there he brought his hands up to Sherlock’s shoulders and dragged his nails down Sherlock’s back. He licked the length of Sherlock’s spine, mouth pausing when he reached the back of Sherlock’s neck to suck at the sensitive skin below his hairline.
Beyond the window, the rain was still falling in a steady rhythm, casting the room in a strange grey twilight, making it difficult to ascertain the time of day. It made John feel as though they were moving through a dream, as if none of this was real, as if he and Sherlock could only have this interaction outside of time, and for a moment, an irrational panic filled him.
Sherlock didn’t push him off so John lay where he was, listening to the sound of Sherlock’s rapid breathing slow, feeling the sweat on Sherlock’s back sticking to his chest. He turned his face and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s sticky shoulder blade.
John freezes. For a moment, the rain drenched bridge shimmers around him. Then he turns on the spot, shouting. “Sherlock! Sherlock!”
Sherlock stiffens. “What do you mean?”
There is faint stubble on John’s jaw that wasn’t there last night; it’s scratchy against Sherlock’s mouth. He rubs his cheek against it and feels a spark of pleasure skip down his spine.
“I don’t know the details,” Miss Goodfellow says, preening a bit now that she has everyone’s attention, clearly enjoying the fact that all the eyes at the table are trained on her. “But there was
Sherlock arches his chest into the press of John’s hands, bearing down on John’s body beneath his with the weight of his hips. He can feel the line of John’s hardening cock pressing against his lower back, just like he imagined. It makes him want to reach around behind him and slip the head of it between his arse-cheeks, but he’s not sure if that’s what John wants.
He couldn’t take it anymore. He reached for his own cock but Sherlock’s hand was on his wrist before he could touch himself, stilling the movement.
Sherlock shakes his head, resolute. “I want to. I just… I’m not sure exactly…” He darts his eyes back up to John’s. “I’m not sure exactly where to start.”
Sherlock feels laughter bubbling up within him at the eagerness in John’s voice.
Sherlock turns toward the stairs with purpose, telling himself sternly that his decision to go up on deck now that night has fallen has absolutely
Sherlock looks away in horror.
—they won’t recognize you. And you won’t have to say much—they’re a fairly rowdy group. But… nice,” he hastens to add. “The nice kind of rowdy.”
Sherlock lifts his head, sucking in a shaky breath of air. He wants to tell John why he’s crying but finds he doesn’t know what to say. He does not have the words.
“You two go on and get a seat with the lads. I’ll bring the drinks over.”
Knott’s absence from the party last night makes perfect sense. After all, it was on the occasion of the previous party that he narrowly escaped being poisoned by the captain. He obviously wouldn’t want to expose himself to the same kind of danger again.
“Oh, Sherlock…”
“Don’t remember…”
He can see it now, but that does not mean he understands it.
, Sherlock, oh my god…”
that he’s responsible, John. I know it. I just don’t have the evidence yet that I need to prove it.”
As if some naïve part of him actually does believe Mycroft still has his best interest at heart.
He drops his eyes, forces himself to take a deep breath before he looks back up again.
Mrs. Hudson comes upstairs with the brandy, weeping. She kisses Sherlock again and again on the cheek. Wrings her hands, heads to the door, comes back and kisses him again.
In one fluid motion, John rises to his feet and turns to face him.
John’s response is smooth as butter. “You are well aware that I am at liberty to spend my two free hours in any manner I choose. If there has been any complaint as regards my work, I’m sure I will hear it from Lieutenant Lestrade, and not yourself.”
This obviously satisfied Sherlock. His playing resumed.
With this thought, Sherlock sits up abruptly, hands closing on the sides of the bath to pull himself upright only to freeze halfway through the motion at the sight of John, ducking in through the doorway with a smile on his face.
The tightening of the muscle in John’s arm beneath his fingers, the knowledge that John is using both their hands to bring him pleasure, all while imagining his cock inside of Sherlock—it’s that, and John’s voice that finally pushes him over the edge.
When Sherlock looks up, John has already donned his trousers and his threadbare shirt; he’s pulling on his faded blue jacket when they hear the sound of the bell.
“I’m certain of it. There’s a crazy golf course just up the road. An especially frustrating course. I should know I’ve played it myself a number of times. Often felt like I wanted to brain somebody at the end.”
And it’s like John is hammering on the ice encasing his heart, hammering with barbed fists. Sherlock can feel the cracks, deep fissures that threaten to break all the careful protections he’s put in place.
Luckily, Lieutenant Lestrade proves to be a man not easily deterred by silent, awkward conversation partners because the next thing Sherlock knows Lestrade has seized hold of his hand and is pumping it up and down with vigor.
It’s several seconds after the song comes to a close before anyone moves or speaks. And Sherlock realizes—in the glistening bubble of that silence—just how powerful John’s music really is.
The movement pushes one of John’s fingers in past Sherlock’s parted lips and Sherlock, seized with some mindless desire that he cannot explain, opens wider, pulling the length of it into his mouth and sucking hard around it.
Of course. Sherlock had suspected as much.
Not only did the sound create another layer of sensation for his wonderfully stimulated cock, but it reminded John how much Sherlock was getting pleasure out of this activity too—maybe almost as much as he was, and he longed to reach down and feel to see if Sherlock was as hard as he imagined, in the expensive material of his dove grey trousers.
The gentlemen passed without stopping, possibly without even glancing into the carriage to see a man with a bowler hat pulled low over his eyes, one hand flung out wildly beside him on the carriage seat for no apparent reason.
Ferguson’s thin fingers are busy with the pipe. For a moment, he appears to ignore Sherlock’s question. He hands Sherlock the pipe with the same irritated expression.
John shook his head, still not convinced he could trust what Sherlock was telling him.
Sherlock winces in response, resists the urge to rub his arm. “I’ll be there,” he tells them. “I’m waiting for John. Have you seen him this morning?”
“Oye, Lestrade!” Deverall’s shout comes from just outside the door. “What’s taking you so long? You know we don’t like to keep certain people waiting…”
So not imagined then.
Although Sherlock will have to be careful to stay well out of the other man’s sight. Ferguson is at the top of the growing list of people on board this ship who have it in for Sherlock.
“Find Briggs. I’ll see you shortly.”
The rest of them look more jovial than disappointed, their efforts to make him stay clearly more of a pretense than anything else. Sherlock suspects he would have told them whatever it is he’s planning.
“God, yes.”
And then the figure rises and turns, and he sees, that it is not John at all but Stevens, wearing John’s mother’s necklace, leering at Sherlock with a sickening grin.
But instead of being distracted by his own arousal, he finds that if he follows it—like a thread to guide him in the dark—it takes him exactly where he needs to go. It’s like the experience of writing music; allowing himself to move without fear from note to note.
“I better get back to work,” John is saying, with a touch of reluctance in his voice. Then Sherlock hears something in his tone shift. “And you’d better get down below. You’ve a party to get ready for, if I’m not mistaken.”
“I knew it—you really are a mermaid, aren’t you?”
“Sherl…Sherlock…”
John fell onto the couch with his head in his hands. He had a bad feeling that there were going to be a lot more slammed doors in his future.
“Hey, don’t stop. You were telling me about yesterday, when you—”
Sherlock kisses the swell of John’s ribs, crawling backwards so he’s crouching now between John’s spread thighs, and then licking the line that bisects John’s abdominals until he reaches his belly button. He dips his tongue into it, his hand on John’s cock now stroking slowly.
“Holmes! You heard my directive! Get. Out. Of. My. Sight.” Anderson takes a step toward him, putting his sneering face far too close to Sherlock’s own. “I shouldn’t think you’d want to risk putting any of your little sailor
He drinks half the pitcher before he feels satisfied, and although it’s late morning and Sherlock should probably rise and dress, he feels no urgency to seek out the blazing noonday sun, nor to discover just how badly it might exacerbate the condition of his aching head so he lies back down against the pillows, drawing his knees up tight against his chest. He shuts his eyes, and lets his mind drift back over the events of the previous evening.
John concentrated on his breathing. Sherlock’s hand between his shoulder blades pressed in with gentle force, reminding John of his presence. He focused on that feeling, let it ground him. He shut his eyes, and felt his panic begin to recede.
Sherlock stroked a hand meditatively over the curve of John’s arse. “I’m not convinced, John. You don’t sound certain. I need you to be
Sherlock is running out of breath, but he keeps going, the words tumbling out one over the other, in an almost unstoppable current. There are so many details, and he wants to include as many as he can in order to impress John.
Instead, he feels as he often does when he is the object of John’s gaze—he feels desire flood through him—but also, something like pride. It’s impossible not to feel beautiful when John looks at him like this.
Sighing, John returned to the living room to eat his share of the food in silence.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock lifts himself partway off of John, but his body is trembling so hard he can scarcely complete the movement.
The evidence of their continual abuse was manifold. The cages were filthy, the stench of blood and feces hanging in the air like a palpable presence. There were treadmills for training the dogs, chains strung from the ceiling to suspend them by their jaws, as well as large stockpiles of steroids the dogs were injected with to amplify their strength and aggression.
for John, what he did, even if not entirely—but John has that look in his eyes, that steel-hard glinting look that suggests it would be better if Sherlock let John finish.
“You know, it’s funny… we’ve been on cases before and you haven’t been driven to distraction by me. It feels like something about this place… maybe it is this city.”
But Sherlock cannot let John leave like this, not with so much sorrow still in his face, his voice.
Sherlock is hot, so hot, the want in his belly trembling and twisting like a living thing. He knows what he needs—it’s what he’s needed all along, but hasn’t had the courage to voice aloud.
His legs are so weak the few steps it takes to cross the narrow distance from Sherlock’s doorway to his bunk are more precarious than any of Sherlock’s earliest, clumsiest attempts to walk at sea.
Sherlock pushes Molly in front of him so she can follow Billy.
The dining room became his menagerie for rare specimens of plant life; the parlor next door housed his collection of animals. His mother’s sitting room became the storehouse for all his knowledge of geography and astronomy; Mycroft’s room his chemical laboratory.
John’s voice is playful but his eyes are dark. “You’re afraid I’m going to eat you up?”
“I managed to get you down off of the barrel and actually had some success reasoning with them. They were offended more than anything else. You see, they thought you were making fun of them. Turns out narcotics smugglers don’t have a very thick skin. I had everything back under control until…”
He opens his eyes to look at Sherlock and in that moment, Sherlock can see his misery is as powerful as his rage.
Sherlock nodded as he unrolled a furl of new pages.
John turned toward Sherlock in the darkness, his movements underscored with sudden urgency.
Just one more minute, Sherlock thinks, and promptly falls asleep.
Sherlock is almost sorry for the loss of John against him, the absence of his warm weight between Sherlock’s legs, but then he forgets his sorrow as he is treated to the sight of John kneeling in the trembling light of the candles and reaching up to pull his shirt off over his head.
Sherlock drops his arm at his side, bows his head.
He sits up on his elbows to give himself a better angle and the change in position must be good because as soon as he sits up, his eyes are fluttering shut again; Sherlock can see the whole of his throat flushed with heat when his head drops back.
“Maybe next time...” He swallowed to clear the hoarseness from his voice. “Next time we should just get each other off quickly before we…”
He still isn’t quite sure what he’s ever done to merit the attention of someone like John, much less be deserving of such profound tenderness, but now, it’s his turn to do the same for John.
“God, I missed you, Sherlock Holmes,” John murmurs, mouth sliding warm down Sherlock’s sternum, lips tracing the chain of his mother’s locket. He kisses the place where it rests in the hollow of Sherlock’s breastbone. “There is no one—there is
Sherlock didn’t need to be asked again. He let go of John’s cock to place both his arms on either side of John, leaning his weight into his hands and rolling his hips. He let out a sound John had never heard him make before. John felt his cock throb in response.
John’s hand closed on the muzzle of the gun. He spun it around till the handle was nestled snugly in his palm and trained it on Briggs.
John’s voice is grim.
Sherlock nods, and watches John expression shift again, this time back to one of concern.
Sherlock hates it; he hates seeing him like this.
He feels the heat of John’s breath as he lowers his mouth and for one trembling moment Sherlock waits—suspended in the drop of time, like amber—his eyelashes fluttering briefly closed against his cheeks, heart pounding in his chest.
—he will lift his knuckles to the door—uncertain of how hard he dares to knock. Sherlock should go to the door, should open it before he even has a chance to doubt, to spare him the anxiety, but he finds he cannot move, he is frozen where he stands in the center of the room, his heart pounding so hard in his chest he fears it will shatter his breastbone.
He watches Billy approach the gangway, with Molly close behind him. The member of John’s mess helping the passengers to their seats is looking up expectantly for the next person headed down the ladder.
Sherlock allows himself a moment to simply sit and look.
He turns his thoughts to their surroundings, to try and silence the creeping feeling of resentment.
He reaches up to tug at the knotted fabric around John’s throat, his fingers trembling as he struggles to pull the knot loose and John sits up, pulling himself out of Sherlock’s reach, settling back on his knees to undo the knot and pull the fabric free.
Most days he refused to come out of his room. He was fairly content being left up to his own devices but there was always someone nagging him—telling him what to do. Sherlock took to locking the door so no one else could come in or out (the household staff were continually disturbing and therefore ruining his experiments). Sherlock became very adept at climbing up and down the ivy outside his window.
He reaches down to take Sherlock’s hand where it’s resting on his back, tangling their fingers together and then raising it to his lips.
Sherlock resigns himself with a sigh, lowering himself down against John’s chest. He feels John’s arms come up around him, and Sherlock lays his head against John’s shoulder, overcome by a sudden wave of sleepiness.
Miss Hooper offers him a smile. “Don’t be silly. You’re a marvelous companion.” She hesitates a moment then goes on to add. “Although that may be due to the fact that my standards for acceptable company are relatively low.”
see him at his most vulnerable. Not only had Sherlock allowed himself to become affected, he’d allowed John to see it. He’d willingly let John in. And he, John Watson, had been the cause of it.
“I see several missing faces, which is always a sure sign of a night well spent.” Colonel Jackson throws a meaningful look in his wife’s direction, and then winks. “Isn’t that right, my dear?”
Every time he considers stopping, he thinks of the threat in Stevens’ eyes as he stared Sherlock down, and then it’s easy to redouble his efforts, to work through the pain until his body simply refuses to cooperate anymore.
Sherlock has gone so still he has stopped breathing.
The man behind John shoves him until his feet scrape the broken edge of the window—below him now nothing but dark water.
“My god, Sherlock, the hell I’ve been through...”
As he closes his fingers around himself and begins to stroke, a small groan escaping his lips, Sherlock knows all too well what he’s been yearning for all day.
(See the end of the chapter for
, against the entrance of John’s body.
“Yes, of course. Why didn’t you ask me sooner?”
Sherlock feels his cheeks burn red.
When Sherlock wakes again it is to the gentle presence of John’s hand on his shoulder.
“I’ll be back to get this one in a bit.”
Sherlock nods.
Looking across the table at Molly’s bowed head, Sherlock feels a silent bond of solidarity with her.
“The candles?”
John didn’t answer. He pulled the robe over his shoulders and moved past Sherlock into the hallway, heading for the stairs, but Sherlock followed him, concern rising in his voice.
Sherlock feels a sudden pang at the realization that he has no idea how long John has been playing; he has no idea how much of this he’s missed.
“That it may be, miss, but a ship like this doesn’t run itself, no matter how celebratory the occasion.”
He can hear small flurries of movement inside the rooms along the corridor as people prepare for their visits to shore tomorrow morning, the low excited murmur of their voices, and the longer Sherlock listens, the harder it is not to think about the beckoning sweep of that white line of sand, the green heaving scent of the trees which he can almost detect even now, even below deck…
“You said Lieutenant Deverall and Lieutenant Dimmock were the only two officers present when the steward brought the drinks over—is that true? Or was Lieutenant Lestrade with them as well?”
He wants to ask John if the pace is all right—to make sure that it isn’t too fast or too hard, but before he can get the question out, John is lifting his legs to wrap them around Sherlock’s waist, and arching his back, changing the angle to bring Sherlock deeper inside him.
He feels like he is going to be sick.
John feels Sherlock’s voice vibrate in the mattress beneath them. He wants so badly to reach out and grab onto some part of Sherlock but he doesn’t move. He stays where he is, lying on his side, turned away.
“God, Sherlock that’s… I can’t imagine how hard it must have been for your mother to lose a child, but that’s no excuse for making your living children feel like they have to compete with a person who’s not even there! That must have been…” He hesitates and Sherlock can hear him searching carefully for the right word. “… that must have been incredibly painful to experience as a child.”
Oh, also! I happen to love making obsessively detailed playlists while I'm writing that follow the trajectory of the story, so if you're into that kind of thing, I just made one for the second half of this story. It can be found
John turns to look at him and his smile in the candlelight seems to flicker with his delight.
But he tries now, for John’s sake—because he needs John to understand.
Using one hand to guide his movements, Sherlock starts to pump, bobbing his head up and down, hollowing his cheeks to provide more sensation, listening to the sound of John’s breathing going ragged above him.
Sherlock nods; stunned.
And without another word, John strides back down the deck, Sherlock following closely in his wake.
Hellooo from Paris! :) I am hoping updates will be more frequent now that I am happily settled into my new Parisian home but I feel like every time I promise that the reverse happens. But either way, there will be more soon! Thank you as always for continuing to read this absurd monstrosity of a story, I cannot convey how grateful I am for each and every one of you. Truly. <3
His eyes had adjusted somewhat to the darkness and he could make out strange shapes in the shuttered light from the windows that looked like the silhouettes of medieval torture devices. He blinked, mistrusting what his eyes were telling him.
Indeed, Mycroft’s script, usually neat to the point of absurdity, looks messier than usual, suggesting that the message was written in great haste.
At the word teeth, Sherlock’s mouth had fastened onto the side of John’s neck, suckling like a vampire bat. John made a hissing noise, turning in Sherlock’s arms to find his mouth, body arching toward Sherlock’s torso.
John’s fear that he might be doing everything wrong vanished as soon as he caught sight of Sherlock’s face.
John chews on his lips, considering. His eyes search the decks for a familiar face. John gestures to a sailor standing about ten yards off, working on the rigging. “How about Old Leroy?”
Now John was really panicking. “Sherlock, get off me.”
Sherlock is encouraged by the look of distaste in John’s eyes.
No, he couldn’t think about that. Not just yet.
“What’s this?” He reaches out, grinning, to catch hold of Sherlock’s wrist. “A deliberate surrender?”
“Please Dr. Watson, a little cooperation.”
“I don’t have any money with me.”
When he throws himself down on his lumpy mattress after, his heart beating fast from his body’s exertions, he realizes he feels tired in a way he hasn’t experienced for many months. He feels more alive than he has ever felt, his body tingling happily from all the exercise.
However, that had been almost a week ago, and they’d hardly spent any time in their luxurious room at all. They’d spent most of the week tailing the Swiss banker they were working to apprehend, which involved long hours of following expensive black bank cars, crawling through back alleys, and hiding behind sausage venders on frozen street corners, waiting for their target to appear.
John pulled back, taking in the dazed expression on Sherlock’s face, using his purchase in Sherlock’s robe to drag him the rest of the way to his feet, and then, unable to help himself, he leaned in to lick the last smear of honey off the corner of Sherlock’s lips.
John swears. Had it started snowing before Sherlock came, he would have left clear footprints; he could have showed them all.
“Sherlock—”
And then Sherlock’s arms were pulling John back down against him, his answer one long sigh against John’s lips before he pulled John in for a kiss.
“Giving you pleasure like you’ve never before experienced at the hands of a mortal…”
“The pretty one with the violin?”
, gradually beginning to grow smaller as they move away from her towards shore, then he cannot be sure that any of this is really happening; that it isn’t all just a dream he will wake from at any moment, and find himself back in his cabin onboard the ship.
When he has finished reading it for what must be the hundredth time, he finds his eyes are hot and stinging.
is a link to the song John sings in this chapter sung by (you guessed it!) a warbly-voiced old man! So you know, imagine that melody, but with John's voice instead. :)
The light from the porthole is streaming in against John’s face. Sherlock can see every crease, every line of weariness and despair. It makes John look ten years older than he actually is.
As he and Burns draw closer, he hears the sound of somewhat urgent whispering.
Now that his eyes have adjusted to the dim light, Sherlock can also see that the space is bigger than he initially thought, but the place is packed to the gills with people of all sorts. Many of them are sailors but Sherlock can see the same diversity in the tavern’s population that he saw represented outside on the wharf. He recognizes the British sailors by their clothes—the majority of the ones he sees are likely from the
Although he is singing softly, the night is calm enough that the song drifts easily down from up high to where Sherlock is standing, stock-still, on the deck below, his heart in his mouth, his throat so tight with longing it’s as if someone has a fist wrapped around his windpipe.
“Every shellback’s knocked on her door, oh!”
There is someone who has paused across the deck, someone watching them. Sherlock can feel it as sure as he could feel the captain’s eyes on him earlier today. He holds himself very still, his posture perfectly upright, forces himself not to look.
“Did you not hear me? I said get back to work!”
Sherlock’s fingers flew to John’s head again as he let his breath plume hot and moist over the hair curling between Sherlock’s legs.
“A few other things you might need…less exciting perhaps but equally necessary.”
“No! Sherlock—”
Sherlock looks up, startled, and stammers an apology.
He wants John to come like this—in his mouth, down his throat. God, he wants it so badly he can think of nothing else.
Sherlock took his mouth away from John’s body and sat back to look at him. The heat of his gaze over every inch of him made John feel so aroused he thought he might come right there just from the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze.
Sherlock imagines he will be gone at least an hour, likely more.
But she anticipates his offer, looking up at him with a quick smile. “I’m alright on my own. You go and try and find John.”
It’s hotter in Sherlock’s cabin now that it’s fully daylight, hotter than it was before—too hot, for them to be lying comfortably so close together. Sherlock can see the sheen of sweat on John’s forehead, glistening on his arms, but instead of the heat making him look splotchy and flustered like it does to Sherlock, it seems to suit him, drawing out the dark gold color of his skin, making him shine.
“Open your eyes.”
Thankfully, neither of them is wearing too much in the way of clothing, as the intensity of the sun on the upper deck long since caused them to remove their jackets—there are only shirts and trousers to deal with (well, and boots and waistcoats…). Even so, the frustration of having any barrier between his own skin and John’s is enough to make Sherlock slightly frantic.
He rolls over onto his side, pulling his knees in against his chest, teeth clenched tight against the misery.
“You were worried you were going to come too fast. How do you feel now?”
Anderson’s glee seems to grow exponentially in the face of the men’s displeasure.
John took a deep breath and squared his shoulders. Of course, Sherlock was right. They still needed to get what they came for, and even if they wanted to get off, the ship was moving now, so they had little choice in the matter.
“You’re going to like it. It involves us taking all of our clothes off and me putting my mouth all over your body.”
And that’s just what John is, Sherlock thinks, his thoughts blurring delirious again from the sensory overload of John’s vulnerable heat in his palm—he’s like the tender green plants Sherlock would collect sometimes in the woods behind the Holmes estate, brushing them so carefully between his finger and thumb as he studied the curl of the stalk, the pattern on the leaves.
Time moves strangely—it seems to pass without his notice—until Sherlock finds himself once again in the shuttered grey light of his cabin, hands clutched white-knuckled to the edge of his bunk.
, I want to, but… well, I never thought… I’ve just never taken you for…”
John’s fingers are clenching hard in Sherlock’s hair, and it feels so good, Sherlock whines again, higher, more desperate.
“J-John,” he pants, shocked at the charge of feeling surging through him like a spark to gunpowder, leaning forward to place his weight on his palms. John’s hands are so warm, so rough against the soft skin of his arse. Sherlock has never thought about this particular part of his body as having any sort of erotic appeal, but now, as John’s hands knead the muscled flesh, Sherlock can feel the corresponding ripple of arousal move directly through his cock.
“Better,” Sherlock says, and means it.
He would leave in the morning; let Sherlock get back to the life he’d had before he’d met John.
John felt a welter of dark feelings rise within him. Foremost, rage that Sherlock would push him like that just to glean information, experiment on John just to prove that he was right. It made him feel foolish, to learn that his desire was so utterly transparent—similarly foolish to the way Moriarty had made him feel when he revealed to John his desire in the first place. Had it really always been so obvious?
No, Sherlock reminds himself, attempting to calm his racing heart; that was a mistake. Reckless as he may be, the captain wouldn’t be stupid enough to murder Lestrade out right, of that much Sherlock is certain.
“So I will ask you once last time—do I make myself clear?”
He climbed up John’s body, taking John’s other wrist in hand and pressing both wrists against the mattress above John’s head. He lowered his long body down against John’s so that John was trapped, naked and shivering beneath him.
“I tell you this not to make you feel guilty for disregarding his wishes but to impress upon you just how important it is that you help me reconstruct a picture of what happened that night, as I am unable to ask the Lieutenant himself at this time.”
“Sherlock…” John was so breathless he could barely get the words out. “Coat…”
The boatswain is screaming out orders, while Lieutenant Lestrade sprints across the deck towards the gangway. Dimmock is signaling frantically to a group of men who Sherlock assumes are the ones meant to formally greet the captain when he arrives on board. Above it all, Sherlock hears Deverall’s angry shout, “Dammit, man, where are those pipes?”
John smiles at him, both his eyebrows raised slightly, as if to say, ‘it was nothing.’
“Oh, John, Oh, Oh,
“I have the two of you to thank for finding him. Sherlock does seem drawn to the particularly nasty cases, doesn’t he? It was only the work of a few well-placed pieces of evidence to mislead our dear detective, giving me the opportunity to court the real psychopath.”
He is so stunned by this unforeseen gesture that for several seconds he does not move at all, he just stands woodenly with his arms held aloft in surprise.
when whatever it is John has been waiting to show him is clearly just on the other side of those trees. But the excitement in John’s face, in his voice—in his whole body—is so vivid it’s like a current—Sherlock can feel it from the touch of John’s hands on his shoulders, and he suspects he would agree to much more in this moment if John asked it of him.
John looks down at their joined hands for a moment, before looking up at Sherlock, his expression serious again.
Sherlock paused for a moment and John opened heavy-lidded eyes to look up at him.
“Your brother Mycroft?”
His heart was pounding from the combination of adrenaline and sheer, heady arousal, but he took a deep breath and forced himself to think rationally for a moment. “Are you sure? I mean I want to.
are you doing that?”
John’s expression has turned dreamy, contemplative.
Then, lowering himself to his belly in the sand, he takes John back into his mouth.
The first thing Sherlock sees upon opening the door is Lieutenant Deverall’s severely irritated expression, and Dimmock, standing at his side, looking very red in the face, whether from embarrassment or too much drink, is impossible to tell. Sherlock suspects it must be some combination of both.
Molly shakes her head again, even harder than before, her cheeks flaming pink.
He cannot help himself; his hips begin to twitch forward against John’s thigh, seeking friction. The movement of his hips mirrors the rhythm of his strokes around John, every slide of his fingers over John’s swollen flesh causing the shivering want in his belly to grow more desperate. He feels so good under Sherlock’s hands—the velvet heat of him, the slickness, the blood red beat of his skin.
He’s desperate for more friction against his cock; he lets his knees fall wide open, squirming against the heavy weight of John against him, shuddering as the movement causes both their erections to slide against one another.
“And if I see you holding back I will double that number, is that understood?”
“Hey, Sherlock…”
There is already a small crowd of sailors gathered at the starboard waist, and there, over their heads, beyond the vast grey expanse of the sea, Sherlock can see, on the horizon a long dark smudge of green.
It strikes Sherlock that Mr. Ferguson is entirely correct in his assessment that providing opportunities for merry-making is not a trait the captain has ever been known for. The decision does not fit with what Sherlock has heard of the captain’s behavior; therefore it is more than a little curious that the man would go out of his way to do so now.
He moved to push himself off the window ledge but then turned back around. “Oh, one more thing. Sorry I broke your toy, Sherlock.” He grimaced in mock apology. “He wasn’t much fun anyway. Not sure what good he was to you before but he really won’t have any use for you now. Damaged goods.”
How he will even manage to do so without them being seen together is a problem he has yet to sort out.
“He was a surprisingly good teacher,” Sherlock says, vaguely irritated with himself for admitting this.
“OYE! John Watson! Where have you been?”
“I thought you had something going in the microwave. Mold spores, was it?”
“It’s nothing.” John clenched his teeth as he stood, using the wall behind him to pull himself to his feet. “My shoulder. He must have—”
“Alright, that’s everybody!” Patterson yells up to Deverall before casting off. “See you on shore, lads!” he calls to the men above. They cheer in acknowledgment, and as the boat begins to pull away from the ship Sherlock realizes all at once that they’ve done it—they’ve actually pulled it off; Molly is on her way to shore.
The realization hits him like a slap in the face.
The victim had been vivisected. The body was in the back of a butcher shop, lying in a pool of blood on the scrubbed tile floors. All around them hung the dangling carcasses of slaughtered animals.
“He just seemed… much older, even though not much time had passed. He was still a lad really when I first met him. About the same age you are now. He was full of eagerness for life, met every challenge with open arms. Even the worst hardships of life in the navy never seemed to get him down.”
“Er… very well. Quite right. In fact, it’s better if both of you clear off. We don’t need passengers out and about right now cluttering up the deck.”
Or maybe he’d just do it when he knew Sherlock was out of the flat. Otherwise it was going to be a long couple of weeks.
The effort of removing his clothes takes all his energy—he has to do it sitting down. It takes him twice as long as it normally would, his fingers listless and fumbling over every button, every clasp, completing the motions without seeing what’s in front of him, his eyes staring into the distance like a man in a trance.
Sherlock hates the look on John’s face at his words, but he can’t stop himself. Does John really think that he’s no different from them?
John presses a kiss to Sherlock’s chest, just above his heart, and Sherlock gasps and trembles harder.
He pulls off John—with a slow, wet, filthy sound—and lets himself sink back onto his heels, tilting his face in against John’s hip and breathing in the scent of him as he fucks up into his own fist, gasping, open-mouthed at the intensity of the sensation.
He looks back at John as he thinks this, one corner of his mouth quirking up in a partial smile.
“Play us another one!”
When Sherlock’s body finally calms, he’s aware that his legs have slid out of John’s grasp. John is leaning weakly against him, breath still coming hard, one hand braced protectively above Sherlock’s head. If it weren’t for the press of John’s body against him, holding him up, Sherlock is fairly certain he would be sitting on the floor.
John’s finger tensed on the trigger but he didn’t fire.
With every curl of his tongue, with every press of his fingers he wants to erase every instance of pain, so that John will know only sweetness, only light, only this.
"Come on." John took him by the hand, sheepishly aware of the fact that he was just as reluctant to let go of Sherlock, as Sherlock was to let go of him.
Sherlock stretches out on his bunk on top of the blankets. He can feel the ache beginning to make itself known in his shoulders and in the muscles of his arms from the rigor of his exercises earlier. The pain in his body makes him think of John (the last time he felt such keen aches and pains they were the result of an entirely different sort of physical exertion), and the corresponding throb of longing, worry, and lust it sends through him makes him draw his knees up to his chest, coiling into a tight ball of misery.
It burns through Sherlock as though the music were a spark and he a lick of flame.
He repeats the process; panic flickering under the ragged surface of his calm.
His mouth found Sherlock’s again as he lowered himself down over Sherlock’s torso. He could feel the heat coming off him and for a moment he was overwhelmed by how many things he wanted to do to him; how many places he wanted to touch, and lick and suck.
Dimmock hangs back by the door, while Anderson tears forward, looking around him in a furious circle.
John laughs again, and then looks up at Sherlock, seems to notice for the first time the way Sherlock is dressed. His eyes skip up Sherlock’s torso, flickering over the bright buttons on his waistcoat, and up to the creamy white cravat at his throat, eyes lingering on the dark gleam of Sherlock’s hairline.
Sherlock remembers the way John’s hands felt on his hips, small, but so strong, directing his movements; he remembers the feel of those hands sliding down his sides, skimming over his ribs. Even through all the layers of fabric, the resulting shock from his touch was like the heat from an open flame. Sherlock can feel it on his skin still, like two ghostly prints on his hips, gathering heat.
“I can support a captain that’s hard on his men, but this…” John shakes his head. “This is something else entirely.”
John’s arm is still around his waist when the next song begins and this time, there’s no hesitation on either of their parts. When the music starts they come together without speaking, their feet finding the rhythm instinctively, their bodies moving together as one.
“What do you think, Watson?”
John was amazed by the dexterity of Sherlock’s fingers as they flew over his buttons, by the look of calculated interest on his face. That Sherlock was as hyper-focused about sex as he was about everything else shouldn’t have come as a surprise to John, but he genuinely wondered if Sherlock wasn’t as aroused as he was. He needn’t have worried; as Sherlock leaned against him to push John’s shirt off his shoulders, John felt the curve of Sherlock’s erection against his stomach. He groaned aloud.
The genitals had been sliced clean off.
Sherlock tilted his head down until his mouth was centimeters from John’s, but then he held himself there, his shallow breath hot and uneven against John’s lips, his voice a low murmur. “I thought you were going to clean me up.”
As soon as he reached the top of the stairs, he shrugged himself out of Sherlock’s coat and hung it on the hook behind the door. He headed straight for the bathroom, stripping off his jacket and his ruined shirt and jumper as he went.
, and I’ll have you know my father is a
“Such lovely, lovely flesh.”
When he took Sherlock in his hand, he felt his entire body go still.
All of these petty, human needs are devouring him; they’re eating him up from the inside so that Sherlock is ashamed to admit how much he’s struggling in the wake of their absence.
But there is part of him that does not want to move at all—that simply wants to lie, curled around his memories, sifting through them in his mind, savoring each one, picking them up like sacred objects to run his fingers over every contour, every smooth and shining edge, tucked away inside his mind until John returns to make new memories with him.
“I…” Sherlock casts around desperately for the proper thing to say. “It is I who must beg your forgiveness. You may have noticed I am not… the most sociable of men.”
The locket around Sherlock’s neck sways forward with the movement, each jerk of his body sending it swinging back against his chest in an obscene counterpoint to his thrusting hips. The metal is warm where it strikes his chest, just above his heart, and Sherlock thinks again how wearing this necklace is like having a part of John around his neck, possessing him. The thought makes him shiver all over again, pushing down with his hips to grind hard against John’s thigh, fingers tightening inadvertently around John’s cock.
“Oh, just…” Billy tugs at the cap in his hands. “I heard them talkin’ sir. They’re trying to figure out a way to get him to come to you.”
Lestrade was indignant. “If this is a trap what kind of bloody stupid idea is that, splitting up to search the house?”
“How are you feeling today?” John asks, coming towards the bed, and Sherlock is certain there is an extra spring in his step, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth that he is trying to suppress.
Their eyes connect and at the look in John’s eyes, tender, loving, playful—slightly hurt—Sherlock feels all at once how foolish he was to doubt.
John looks up at Sherlock, his blue eyes glittering and bright, his teeth stretched wide in the most lascivious grin Sherlock has ever seen.
Sherlock does not know what to say. How can he explain his dislike of the man without giving voice to his jealousy?
John had often mused upon the possibility of what it would have been like to be with Sherlock in this state with no restrictions on his behavior.
Mr. Jackson appears to have enough savoir-faire to know when to remove himself from a sticky situation, as Sherlock sees him retreating with haste down the staircase to Sherlock’s right, before Lestrade has even finished speaking.
He stood for a moment watching the slow rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest under the blanket.
to do this?
Like Colonel Jackson and his wife, McKinley is one of the wealthier passengers who occupies the roundhouse cabins on the upper decks. He is a man heavily invested in the idea of his own self-importance. Sherlock does not like him one bit.
Distantly, he felt Sherlock’s forehead pushing in against his own, Sherlock’s fingers digging into the skin of his arse, and then, Sherlock leaning in to kiss his cheeks, his brow bone, his closed eyes, hands coming up to cup John’s face, and for a moment John swore that this was a sex-induced hallucination.
save my own dull reflection,
He is careful this time not to use either his or John’s names.
John set his jaw. He strode forward and pushed open the heavy gate, Sherlock falling into step immediately behind him, the only evidence of his frustration a faint exhalation of breath that turned white in the cold, damp air.
Sherlock watches the hard line of John’s jaw tighten further and he knows there are words that John is holding behind his clenched teeth. Sherlock is about to tell John he need not censor himself for Sherlock’s sake, but then John continues speaking.
Sherlock’s worried face appeared in the circle of glass between them, but the door was growing hotter by the second, the metal on the handle singeing John’s palms. He watched Sherlock throw his shoulder against the door, again and again, in an attempt to break it open. It was as if John was transfixed where he stood. He couldn’t let go of the door handle, even when he felt the skin on his hands begin to burn.
John’s phone buzzed in his pocket and he pulled it out, expecting a response from Lestrade. It was from Sherlock.
He doesn’t even care that several curious faces are studying him in response to Billy’s words, that some of the midshipmen are looking at him with narrowed eyes from where they’re standing by the forehatch, a crowd of female passengers peering at him curiously over the tops of their fans; none of that matters now, because all of a sudden, there coming through the crowd, is John Watson, eyes blazing, his face shining like the light of the sun itself is pouring out of him, and behind him in a great, cheering shouting mass are the other seven members of his mess, whooping and hollering in celebration.
“For one of them to…” Sherlock shuts his eyes. “To… to enter the other like a man does a woman?”
Even if Sherlock is fairly certain that what he’s doing is
Sherlock watches the expression on John’s face close over at the sound. It’s like a shadow falling over him, like a door being shut somewhere inside of him so that the light cannot get out, and Sherlock knows, seeing it, that John has given up on any chance of escape; he’s preparing himself for the inevitable now, steeling himself for that door opening and everything that will follow.
“Contract law mostly, financial transactions.” Ferguson lets out another long exhalation of smoke, and then adds, again with that unmistakable note of pride in his voice, “We do business with some of the wealthiest families in the county.”
“And what does it pertain to, this information that you think I would be so interested in hearing?”
Turning is the best part because when they turn John’s arms come up around his shoulders, his hands sliding in against Sherlock’s shoulder blades, pulling him in tight, their legs staggered so that Sherlock’s right foot is between John’s feet, his own arms around John, the lengths of their arms pressed together.
I want to dedicate this story to three very important people who helped me along the way. My dear friend,
“They rig up a steering sail with some shot in the middle to make it sink—see how it bows down there underneath? It makes a nice spot for bathing. It’s quite deep in the middle, and does a lovely job keeping the sharks away.”
He wants to curl into a ball and drop himself over the side of the ship, but now that he’s come all this way, now that he’s already put the man in danger, he may as well ask what he came to find out. So instead, he forces himself to ask, “Where is John?”
He’s turning now, pushing past the angry man, and making his way back across the tavern in the direction of the sound, shoving through the people with renewed purpose, until he comes to another room beside the bar that he hadn’t even known was there.
Sherlock’s anxiety is returning to him as quickly as it fled, making him stiff as a poker in John’s arms. Why is John telling him this?
“How am I supposed to leave you again?”
Sherlock had nothing on under the dressing gown—the only barrier between his hands and Sherlock’s skin the thinnest layer of silk. God, how many times had John imagined a scene just like this? Putting his mouth all over Sherlock’s body against the silk of that dressing gown, driving Sherlock mad with need before slipping the ridiculous robe off his shoulders to kiss the bare flesh underneath.
John kisses him on the forehead, the placement of his mouth so soft, so sweet that Sherlock wants to cry out from the touch of it almost as badly as he cried out when he came.
Ferguson’s face is ugly with fury. “You had no right! That’s information I told to you in confidence—”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, to ensure that John starts moving again. “I want more. Give me more.”
Could this be the explanation for the captain’s desperate desire to reach Rio by the end of the week? Did he fear discovery?
He never should have gone up on deck—what a stupid,
Sherlock rolls over, his heart pounding hard against his ribs.
He’d never done this before but he was quickly discovering that he loved it just as much as sucking cock, maybe
Sherlock tucked the letter in his waistcoat out of sight but he never read it.
Sherlock lets out a long moan this time, looping his arms around John’s neck and losing himself in the sensation.
“It seems certain we will be making port for at least three days.” Sherlock can hear the carefully disguised longing in Molly’s voice, hidden behind a veil of feigned disinterest. It makes pity stab through him. “Do you think… will you be joining one of the boarding parties?”
John set the honey down in front of Sherlock with what was perhaps too much force.
would he want to confront the captain? If he has even a shred of intelligence he will wait until they’ve made port in Rio to make his threats, in case things go sour. Or will he wait until the end of the voyage? That would be the wiser choice.
“Not long. Just about an hour.” Sherlock kept his lips against John’s neck. “The food should be here any minute, but if you want to keep sleeping…”
He’s too afraid to open his eyes.
“I’d better introduce you to John first though,” Sherlock realizes. He can’t possibly lie to John, not least because his own conscience won’t allow it. Any story he tried to put by John would likely crumble to dust before his eyes.
Perhaps it’s just the effect of being on the receiving end of John’s brilliant smile, or maybe it’s the combined effect of everyone’s excitement on board the ship, but for whatever reason, it occurs to Sherlock all of a sudden that if John is granted shore leave, then there is nothing preventing Sherlock from leaving the ship at the same time as John. Even if Lestrade is determined to keep them apart, he has no control over either of them once they are on shore, so as long as Sherlock is quiet about it, he can certainly arrange to go ashore the same time as John.
John smiled at Sherlock. It was a mad, unsettling smile. It made chills run up and down Sherlock’s spine.
It is an old song, one Sherlock has never heard, but as soon as Sherlock hears John’s voice take up the notes, he knows that the John singing in his dreams was this same John, now sitting by his side.
John let his weight drop from his elbows and he fell back to lie fully on his back, his eyes falling shut with helpless pleasure.
a commotion, I can tell you. Mrs. Jackson and I were just returning from a promenade up on deck—we were about to head down when we heard the officers dragging some fellow up from below. He looked
John looked at Lestrade inquiringly.
Matthews and Ironsides stop to speak with him. “You comin’, lad?”
John paused in the doorway. “Disastrous.” He hesitated and then felt his face break into a smile. “I’m glad to be back.”
“I won’t.”
“There is something I must tell you however… before I do so I must be certain that I have your trust. I… I feel already that I can trust you after what you did for me in allowing John Watson to look in on me when I was ill.” Sherlock draws a breath and hurries on. “But what I am about to tell you could be considered insubordination of the worst kind. Therefore, I must ask for your word that you will repeat to no one what I am about to tell you.”
Sherlock made a noise like a cat that was about to be sick.
It does not take a genius to deduce that the majority—if not
“So you were going leave me below decks to burn to death, is that right?” Briggs’ voice was a rasp of fury. There was blood on his temple from where Sherlock had kicked him earlier. The expression on his face was utterly deranged.
I'M BACK, GUYS!!!!! The gay babies have missed you, and so have I!
His voice is soft against Sherlock’s ear. “Sherlock, you don’t have to do that.”
should be the one to soap John’s torso, letting his hands linger on the hard ridges of muscle along John’s sides, rubbing the sponge with careful attention over John’s back, down the backs of his thighs and in between his buttocks.
He watches the other man cross the deck and join Lestrade at the gangway—his every movement informed by a kind of casual, easy grace. It’s the way he carries himself more than anything that makes him so appealing; it’s his self-possession. It’s the fact that when he moves through a space he does so with the attitude that he
John’s words of praise light a small fire in the center of Sherlock’s chest, and he can feel the warmth of it creeping all the way out to his fingers and toes. But this is not about Sherlock’s brilliance; it is about
“You are, sir.”
“God, I could use a cigarette though.” Sherlock glanced longingly toward the skull on the mantelpiece.
He repeated the movement and then blew hot breath over the skin he had just licked, letting his mouth move up over the crease of Sherlock’s ass without touching, just blowing out a steady stream of hot air.
“Sit back,” John says and Sherlock does so that John can pull the garment down his calves and off over his feet.
“They say this is the city that gave birth to the modern age. So many of the great minds of the twentieth-century were situated here when they generated entire new systems of thought. But arguably it was Freud who left the greatest impression. Freud’s discovery of the unconscious.” Sherlock blew out a long column of smoke. “That’s why they call it the City of Dreams.”
“Yes, my love, tell me what it is you need.”
He let out a quiet gasp.
It’s taking Molly
There is one that is worse than all the others, a deep knot of scarred-over flesh on John’s left shoulder, and Sherlock feels a tightening in his belly at the sight of it. John said he was wounded in the war against the French, that’s what finally got him sent home—the scar on his shoulder must be the result of that wound.
But no, he thought fiercely as his eyes took in the sight of Sherlock in the muted light from the window, the longing in his face, the language of his body so open to John, this was real.
“Promise me that, Sherlock. Will you promise me?”
“Yes,” he breathes, his fingers already moving to his throat to begin pulling the fabric of his neck cloth apart.
Granted, he
Sensing Sherlock’s reluctance, John turns to him with a gleam in his eye. “Whoever reaches the shoreline last owes a kiss to the winner.”
The question, Sherlock suspects, is one that will haunt him for some time.
is what a murderer looks like.
“Because I did.”
John put a shaking hand up to cover his eyes. He couldn’t watch the minute shifts of pain in Sherlock’s face anymore, like insects disturbing the surface of still water.
Sherlock, shocked, breathless, still cradling his violin to his chest, is so stunned it takes him a second to make out the figure in the darkness before him.
John looked up at Sherlock to see the skin of his throat flushed dark, and knew he meant it.
“How can you not know?”
It also goes faster because Sherlock insists on helping John.
John’s smile grows wider.
Sherlock feels a stab of disappointment at the remark, but instead of dropping his eyes, he goes on looking at John—recognizes the high color in his cheeks, the deep glitter in his eyes, and realizes that John is teasing him.
He sinks to a seat beside John on the trunk of a fallen tree, its dark bark thick with lush green moss. John passes him a flask and when Sherlock takes a tentative sip, he’s pleasantly surprised to discover that it’s water and not something stronger. It tastes unbelievably good—cold and sweet and clean. He’d forgotten how good water can taste, after months of drinking the brackish water kept in barrels on the ship.
Sherlock hooked his thumbs into the waistband and John heard his own breathing go ragged with anticipation.
But the truth is he doesn’t want her here. He doesn’t want her looking at him with that horrible pitying look in here eyes, making him aware of just how pathetic he must look. He doesn’t want a witness to his suffering.
Sherlock hears the boom of Colonel Jackson’s excited voice from further down the deck talking to one of the midshipman—Peter Cherry. If Sherlock remembers correctly, he’s the one who broke Spencer Cunningham’s nose.
He says the words without thinking. There’s no emotion in his voice when he speaks, but the silence that greets his words is an uncomfortable one, and he realizes, too late, that even John’s jovial messmates don’t know how to react to the ugly truth that Sherlock’s family wishes he were dead.
But there are other places on John’s body that he wants to taste—that he has dreamed of tasting, over and over again in the span of the last four days.
“If you’re quite finished then, I’ll have that back.”
Sherlock petulantly shoveled the entirety of the remaining egg into his mouth, chewed, swallowed and then looked at John with the same demanding expression. “Honey.”
Sherlock lifts his chin and his lips just brush John’s.
“Aye, but not too good that the pair of you don’t make it back to the ship tomorrow!”
, the voices hiss inside his head, and Sherlock cannot bear it. He puts his hands up over his ears in an effort to block them out, but he cannot this time because everything they’re saying is true. It’s all his fault.
Sherlock reached up and pulled on John’s arm, with absolutely no effect.
“You’re… you’re quite right. I do feel that way. Almost all of the time. It’s… why I’m here,” Sherlock says, surprising himself. He has not yet told this to anyone, not even John. “It’s because my family couldn’t find any suitable position to occupy me. Everything was too… easy for me. That’s why they sent me away.”
“It had bloody well not!”
He parts his lips to speak, hears John catch his breath.
“I thought…” John shrugs, looking uncomfortable. “He seemed important… I thought maybe you’d want to talk to him.”
It’s not just the way his blue eyes crinkle at the corners, the way the light of the setting sun catches gold in his hair, the way joy seems to pour out of him as clearly as the music—it’s the fact that he’s looking over at Sherlock as he sings, sharing this with Sherlock, this moment, this joy he has for the world in spite of everything he’s gone through.
He and Sherlock had both been lucky; neither of them had suffered any serious ill effects from their exposure to the fire. This was very lucky indeed; as a doctor, John knew better than anyone that the majority of fire-related deaths were a result of the noxious smoke that people inhaled rather than burns.
“Hurry up!” John calls from the top of the stairs. “I’ve only got an hour!”
He opens his eyes and sees that he is alone in bed.
She nods, kisses him back, can’t speak through her tears.
But he copies John’s address, tries not to let his own embarrassment lead to his making the same mistake again.
“Yes, I’ve just given the order actually.”
“Are you alright?”
Somehow this makes the composition of the message all the more difficult for him. When John calls him his Moon, it feels poetic, meaningful. Somehow when Sherlock addresses John as ‘Sun,’ it makes him feel foolish, makes him squirm in his chair in self-conscious embarrassment.
But Sherlock knows John too well now to be fooled by him; even from across the room, Sherlock can read the tension in the way he holds himself, the longing in his body as clear to Sherlock as a streak of flame against the night sky.
Sherlock sits up tentatively, realizing as he gradually becomes aware of the presence of his body again just how hungry he is.
John’s hand slides up to curl around the back of Sherlock’s neck—the gesture sudden, intense. Sherlock sees his eyes go soft, pupils glittering in the dim light; but when he speaks, his voice is fierce.
“He was thrown in a French prison, somewhere off the coast of Brittany I believe. Was in there for several months before the British liberated the place.”
He didn’t want to move but the ache in his shoulder was steadily worsening, so with great reluctance, John disentangled himself from Sherlock’s torso to roll onto his back and stretch his stiff shoulder.
He leans over and reaches for the pitcher of water and the cup that Sherlock keeps beside his bed. One-handed, he pours water into the cup and then settles back against Sherlock, raising the cup to his lips. “Drink.”
John jerked backwards and came up hard against the wall. Moriarty followed him, his body sticking to John’s like a shadow. John’s hand closed on the butt of his gun and Moriarty’s fingers closed around his wrist.
Sherlock released his hold on John’s arms to shrug out of his coat and before John could ask what he was doing, Sherlock had placed it around his shoulders.
“God, I’m sorry, I should have asked first, I—”
John has gone back to murmuring to the girl on his lap, his voice so sweet and low, only for her, and Sherlock knows that John will not speak to him again.
John smoothes his hands down the insides of Sherlock’s thighs, and then pulls off again to respond. Sherlock can feel the heat of John’s breath against his cock when he speaks and he shivers, clenching his knees in against John again.
“How did you…?”
could handle.
He can feel his whole body shivering lightly as John’s hands guide his hips in a slow thrust against him, John’s own hips coming up to meet his; the movement causing their cocks to come together in a long slide of heat.
Sherlock stooped to undo his laces and John admired the lean curve of Sherlock’s waist as he bent over, the dark curls that were stuck to the side of his neck.
She pats Sherlock’s arm reassuringly.
He swallows his drink down in two long burning mouthfuls.
“Sherlock?”
Besides he was broken anyway, like Moriarty said. He’d always been broken. Even when he met Sherlock it was already too late, and now he was beyond help. He felt tarnished, filthy, as if in addition to the words bled in dark ink into his flesh and the gashes from the knife, Moriarty’s fingers themselves had left marks, signaling his corruption, his status as an item that was soiled beyond repair.
John takes the tankard from Sherlock’s hand as he guides him to a less-populated corner of the room, and Sherlock leans down to whisper gratefully into John’s ear. “Thank you. They’re all lovely but a little…”
Sherlock moans into the kiss, pushing his hips in against John’s, shivering with pleasure when his thigh brushes the hard heat of John’s erection. He rubs deliberately against it, fingers sweeping again over John’s nipples as he does, savoring the flexing muscles of John’s pectorals against his hands at his touch, the way his mouth slides hungrily against Sherlock’s in response.
It’s like seeing light pour suddenly into a darkened room.
Somehow, even though he’s seen the fury at the heart of John, all his power, all his rage, it still does nothing to stop the tide of worry Sherlock feels every time he is confronted with danger.
John ignores the laughter prompted by this remark, and turns to Sally.
Sherlock repeated himself very carefully, eyes never straying from John’s. “I kissed you because you wanted me to.”
“I suppose there must be pleasure in owning something so completely… And he does, doesn’t he?” Moriarty reached out and circled John’s throat with one cold hand. “You’d do anything for him. Anything he said. You wouldn’t question it.”
“Add another finger.” Breathless as he was, there was something unmistakably commanding in Sherlock’s tone. The thought that Sherlock was controlling him just as much as he was controlling Sherlock made him even harder.
“Oh—” Miss Hooper begins eagerly. “We usually play just after lun—”
John exhales an indignant breath, reaching forward to hook his hands in the front of Sherlock’s waistcoat and drag him back into place between his thighs.
“Alright lads—quiet down, quiet down! Let him sing.”
He clutched helplessly at the sheets, quivering like a pinned butterfly, the metaphor that before had been so disturbing to him now making him feel like putty in Sherlock’s hands. He’d never felt so helpless, so utterly vulnerable.
“I’m not one for fine wines, John.” Sherlock said, pouring him a very full glass. “It would be wasted on me.”
As quickly and silently as he can, he moves the case back into place to hide the hole in the wall, and then, realizing that he’s still stark naked, begins to search in desperation for his breeches in the chaos of shed clothing on the floor.
“No,” Stamford shakes his head. “No, believe it or not he told me that the first merchant ship he’d signed onto was captured by the French, not two months into his first voyage.”
Special thanks to my lovely reader,
John grins at Sherlock again and Sherlock is very glad that he is sitting down. The promise in that smile makes his knees go weak.
“If you come with us, we can save him,” they say to him.
Sherlock wants to ask Stamford to tell him more, but he knows if that the other man is in John’s confidence, he won’t betray his secret.
“Come here, lovely.”
It seems childish now. Deverall probably would not have stayed long, and Sherlock could have resumed his conversation with Stamford as soon as he left.
In spite of the fact that he’s leaning half-dressed against a tower of cables in the dripping bowels of a ship, his shirt soaked through with sweat, cheeks flushed as though with fever, Sherlock has never felt better.
