Sam was silently crying when she pushed D aside, she staggered over to the corner of the room, placing her hand upon the deep grey wall for balance. She lurched forward and projectile vomited blue sludge all over her feet. Deanna pinched her nose and swallowed hard, trying to get her brain moving again. The haze of the alcohol was both a blessing and a curse, now that she felt distanced enough to remember how to deal with these kinds of situations in a detached manner, but intoxicated enough that the ripe smell of blood and her sister's reeking vomit was causing her stomach to do continuous backflips.
"You don’ have to apologize to me, Dean. The internal affairs of the Bri'ish Men o’ Le'ers were never your responsibili'y. I'm just sorry it took me so long to see that their way of doing things was wrong.” Dean scoffed.
“You do whatever you want.” he cleared his throat, “So are we good now? Can we head back in?” Dean raised his brows and glanced back at the doorway.
Dean started to wonder with panic, his breathing increased becoming somehow even shallower despite the fact he was noticeably filling his entire lungs, his chest rose and fell with great effort and his heartbeat drummed loudly in his ears. He smacked his fist against the metal, then began hitting it over and over again, trying desperately, albeit in vain, to make even the smallest of dents, knowing that the only alternative would be to run out of air. The metal thumps muffled pathetically against the six feet of soil between him and the real world. The skin on his knuckles split, stinging.
“Does ash gourd go in Pasta?” Castiel asked, pulling back and running his hands over Dean’s backside.
how it was before. When we were just
“We think he must have. Nobody else has claimed it as their work”. Cas answered from where he now sat on Jack's bed.
“And besides, I didn’t even think that you
“Do you have a death wish? What the hell is wrong with you?!”
and yes, you said the new me, right? Is that not what I was?” Dean’s chest tightened and a shiver caught in his throat again. He swallowed hard.
"He's okay, Dean," Jack said, bringing the phone up to his ear. "I used what little juice I had left to heal his major wounds as soon as we arrived back on Earth". Dean couldn't help but press his foot down on the accelerator anyway as Sam's muffled voice seeped out of the phone.
“You know what Cas? Thank you.” he nodded, his eyes beginning to sting, “Thanks, wherever you are, for proving me right here, buddy.” Dean ran his hands through his hair.
“Come one, let's give the man some space… He did just save us, after all”. Cas stared after them as they left his room. His eyes were heavy again. He desperately tried to remember what Jack had spoken to him about in his dreams but he could only vaguely recall that it had something to do with Death’s ring and also how Death and the empty had worked together in the past, yet none of that had anything to do with this evidently new Heaven he now sat in. He felt worse off and more confused than he had been before anyone else had entered the room. He still didn’t fully understand what the bunker was even doing in Heaven. He slowly closed his eyes and began to fall asleep.
"If Cas' dying then why the hell'd you bring him out to the middle of nowhere?" Dean blurted. Jack tore his eyes off his substitute father to meet Dean's eyes in the mirror.
“Can I help you?” He asked, his brows pulled together.
“I must be strong and carry on, ‘cause I know, I don’t belong here in heaven”, Dean mumbled Eric Clapton’s lyrics. Simon looked worried.
“Right,” John said, looking confused as he stepped aside. Dean grabbed his red shirt from beside him, and the two (still full) beer bottles that Charlie had ordered them, and slid out to where his parents stood awkwardly beside the booth.
“Probably. The box isn't in here. Does that mean I should take extra... or does that mean it’ll work too well?” Sam shook his head in disbelief.
“It’s a welcome home present…” He repeated as if exasperated by their lack of understanding, “Can we go home now?” Dean grinned down at the small god upon his lap, his throat blocked with a sudden lump of emotion. He tried to clear it in vain.
Dean’s stomach rolled, causing him to heave. A foamy brown liquid spilled from his mouth to his feet, where he watched it swirl in circles before it slipped down the drain. He groaned, his stomach ached. He wasn't certain if it was because of his hangover or his guilt. At least he knew he would be dying today, he reminded himself. A small solace. Part of him longed for heaven; a large part that he had spent years trying to cram down deep inside, hoped desperately that heaven would allow him to relive the memory of last night from the view of his own imagination. A knock on the door pulled him from his thoughts.
“I don’t know, Sam,” she lied, her face showing the authentic devastation that she felt.
at you. The disgust he has for you…” He sounded almost impressed. “Well... it's a
“Yeah, and?” Dean’s face was bewildered.
"It's not just Sammy's to give away". He crossed the room with his hands full of empty bottles and placed them in the bin, the bottles clinking against each other as they settled.
“What’s so special about that?” Deanna huffed, a small smile graced her lips.
“What even is that?” Sam asked, his brows pulled together as he tried to angle himself to see the packet, glancing between his brother and the side view mirrors.
Once in the hallway, Dean sucked at his teeth and stared at his feet. He felt the heat rising to his cheeks. He didn’t actually have a plan beyond saying "sorry" and now that he was here, standing in front of the overalled, barefooted angel, he knew that “sorry” was a pretty piss poor apology.
sorry, Charlie. You shouldn’t have gotten dragged into all my crap--”.
“Mary seems to think you’re some kind of queer, shacking up with that strange fella in the trench coat,” he stated casually in a low voice so nobody would hear. “What’s his problem anyway, did ya find out?” Mary’s head fell into her hands as Dean raised his brows and tried to remember how to breathe, his mouth flapped open and closed for a moment as he huffed out an attempt at a cool and laid-back laugh.
Dean wondered for not the first time what Cash had gone through to write a song like this as he downed another glass. He read through the other records in the jukebox as he flipped through them, his mouth parted as he threw up the coins in his hand, bouncing them against each other over and over as he tried to decide which other songs to spend his money on. He clicked the big white plastic button when he came to a rest on Elvis Presley's “First in Line”.
“Fill me in on everything I’ve missed. I want details. The juicer the better.” Dean grinned. He’d missed Charlie, this Charlie; his Charlie. He hated himself for getting her killed trying to find a cure for the mark. He felt so guilty and sitting here, across from her. He couldn’t help but spiral, thinking about how he projected his guilt onto Sam, how he’d told Sam that it was his fault she was dead. He rubbed his hand over his stubbled mouth, trying to push those thoughts away for now.
“I-- I honestly don’t know. I think it was more of an implied thing?” Dean smiled and narrowed his eyes playfully at the angel beside him, “I was liquored up and angry and it's all kind of a blur now.” He laughed.
“I-- This hurts-- Cas-- This hurts so damn much...” Dean knelt there gasping for breath as he cried. His heart ached.
Deanna Winchester paced in a dark, stone alleyway. Her long, blonde hair whipped wildly around her. The frigid air bit into her skin, turning her nose and cheeks a bright shade of pink as she rubbed her tattooed arms through the brown leather material of her father, John’s jacket. John’s voice echoed in her mind reminding her to stick her hands under her armpits to keep them warm as she mentally cursed herself for wearing a little black dress in the first place. It had become so instinctual to her by now that whenever she was headed out into an unknown territory she would choose to arm herself with the extra weapon that had been readily available to her since birth. She didn't even consider that she’d dressed that morning in such a way until she had stepped out of the white 1967 Chevrolet Impala convertible, her black heeled boots splashing huge droplets of dirty water upon her leg as she landed straight into a puddle beside the car. Deanna knew, as she walked up and down on those uneven bricks, that if she could pull herself together and pluck up the courage within her to go inside, that she would be greeted with undoubtedly warm air inside the college housing. However, somewhere between the state lines, she seemed to have lost her nerve, being pulled forward purely upon the necessity, rather than her own will. She sighed as she forced herself to stop her incessant pacing.
-----
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged. “It is what it is, I guess”. He took a long swig from his beer. Cas sighed again and wiped a hand over his mouth in frustration before starting the car.
“Was that-- Did you just make fun of me, Cas?” Dean asked, propping himself carefully beside Castiel against the splintered wall, one hand in his pocket, the other gripping the two open bottlenecks. Cas smiled, his eyebrows raised smugly. Dean chuckled, shaking his head as he searched the dark field around them. Small bugs flicked about into the warm light, from the window to their left.
“You’re not fine, you’re--” Cas cocked his head to the side, “Are you having a panic attack? What did Jack show you?” Cas’s eyes were wide with concern.
here.” he laughed, astonished, as he watched the world zip by out of the window. Cas sat in silence staring out at the road ahead of them. The car had made its way into a farming area. Barns littered the horizon, lighting up distant paddocks full of grain.
"Steven!" She repeated incredulously, "I mean, you can't make this shit up!" Dean nodded overenthusiastically and took another bite of his hotdog.
“Is he okay? Is Jack--”
“No, I get it” Sam cut her off. She pulled the corners of her lips down and raised her eyebrows, shrugging to herself, she unclipped the button and turned to the first page.
“Yeah, I guess it pays to hang out with heavens “bitch boys”” Dean shook his head, “You know you can just pray to any of them, right? You could've just asked if someone could bring Sammy a letter of your own. Angels may be dicks but it's kind of their job to look after humanity… Just sayin’”
“Howdy, everyone! I brought y’all popcorn.” He peeped. Dean did a double-take, realizing that Cas’s mouth wavered as he attempted to hold his laughter in.
“Is that what’s in them?” Deanna shrugged.
“I’m sure ya are.” Sam grinned, “I mean you seem it... I was shocked when you ordered a coffee at the bar last night” Sam beamed.
Dean was waisted. The sun had set long ago. Jack and Kelly had left pretty much straight after the march ended and Penny and Simon weren't far behind. Mrs. Middleton left after that, whereas, Charlie joined Cas and Dean out to some club's after-party that she insisted they all should visit, on account of her "party" scoring free drinks. At some point, Charlie had left with a bubbly blonde girl while Dean and Cas stayed. Castiel mainly sat talking to various different people. The angel seemed content to simply watch Dean, admiring him as he was, completely immersed, in his element.
“Cas, I swear to
“Unless you need anything”. Penemue addressed Cas, then unmistakably, glanced at Dean again. Dean rolled his eyes and trudged back over to stand by his seat, lifting his beer to his mouth.
"Yeah, he's like this big rustic farmer, like, painter, looking guy--”
?” Alistair rubbed John's hands together eagerly, “The poetic justice of it all!” He grinned, again, far too widely. Dean swallowed hard as Emma’s eyes widened up at him in horror.
“Look I get it, you’re probably helping Gandhi, Marilyn Munroe, Martin Luther King; someone important with this whole move to Heaven 2.0 so…” he trailed off, rubbing his hand over his mouth. Dean shifted the weight on his feet and shook his head again, turning to place his hands on the warm roof of the impala.
“I would tell you that you have nothing to be afraid of, but I wouldn’t want to make you feel weak”. Cas blinked, trying to hide his smile.
"No, Dean." Jack lay his hand on Dean's arm reassuringly. "Lucifer presides over the Empty now. He has taken the place of the Shadow after we killed it."
“Are we done here, Deanna? I kind of wanna go meet up with my friends.” D let out a single sarcastic laugh.
-- will be back to deal with it okay? I
“What do you mean?”
“How you doing!” She smiled, placed her hand in his, holding his gaze then slowly pulled her hand back. Ryan shook his head, breaking her gaze, and licked his lips, smiling.
“I don’t know,” He giggled. “Is it now?” He laughed again and slid down, ass first, off the bed. He kneelessly made his way through the grass floor over toward Dean. “I thought it was now before but I don’t know when it was.” He handed him a piece of paper, “Did I show you, yet?” Dean attempted a reassuring smile at Jack, then set the piece of paper aside between his thigh and the chair. He slid his hands beneath Jack’s armpits, launching him up onto his lap, then retrieved the piece of paper, sparing a hesitant look at Castiel before opening it up.
“Dad? I suppose you
"I'm thinking I might do it," Jack said, turning back to look at the house as the Winchester brothers made their way outside and toward the car, their laughs muffled as they playfully tried to trip each other as they walked. A smile tugged at the corner of Castiel's lips.
Castiel sat inside his vessel (on a large, grey, suede sofa that Dean had found on the side of the road) watching a zombie get its head “bashed in” with a stop sign. Dean returned from the bathroom and plonked himself gracelessly onto their new sofa. Cas could tell that he was supposed to be watching the TV screen but he couldn’t help but stare blankly at it, as Dean, seemingly carelessly, stretched himself out horizontally, across the couch. He placed a cushion between Cas’s thigh and the armrest, and lay his head atop it, and put his feet up the opposite end.
"What's taking them so long?" he inquired, looking back at his father with innocent confusion.
It's the big one, boiis
“Uh, Yeah”, Cas shrugged. Pulling Jack’s hands from his face absentmindedly “I don’t see why not”.
"Lucky for you, I ain't that guy," Bobby said factually, shaking his head. "You look like microwaved shit, boy."
"Who in the hell taught her how to use emojis?" Dean chuckled. Cas shrugged.
"Uhh," Sam huffed, trying to get his brother's attention. "Are you thinking an IV?" Sam asked considering the amount of blood he could see upon the trenchcoated man before him. Dean didn't respond. He just continued to take in the man lying on the bed. "Dean?" Sam pressed gently. If things were as bad as Jack had said he wondered why his brother wasn't springing into action. It wasn't like Dean to freeze under pressure.
“That's better,” Cas stated when he was satisfied, glancing between Charlie’s astonished look and Dean’s captivated one. “It’s roughly the equivalent of one shot”. He explained to Charlie.
“Upstairs. Room twenty-three I think.” She disclosed. Deanna took off down the carpeted hallway and toward the staircase.
"I'm still teaching I.T. once a month," He corrected. Dean nodded. He hoped that their combined knowledge would be enough to keep the kids safe if the bad guys started appearing again. He made a mental note to check in with all the hunters this evening, see if everyone seemed up to scratch, and ask if he could help out in any way. Dean was miles away when Jack spoke up again, stopping his thoughts.
. Why would it be?”
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked eventually, sick of Crowley silently sipping his beer and watching him.
“Wait... are you--” Cas pulled his head back, his eyes flitted across Dean’s face, “trying to apologize for not telling me sooner?” Cas asked. Dean swallowed and shrugged.
decided we should keep taking a break. See other people. Make sure what we have is real, ya know?” Dean licked his lips and nodded.
quite a cute notion, Cas, but no. You aren’t dead. I imagine you’re in a great deal of pain, yes? When, tell me, was the last time you heard of any soul having pain in Heaven?” Cas considered this for a moment and noticed his chest felt lighter. Another vesseled angel suddenly entered Cas’s bedroom, this time, however, without knocking, without even using the door.
"Okay, sure. Good. Because I'm thinking I might try set Castiel up with this Gayngel helping me organize the whole thing." Dean froze, his heart pounded in his chest.
“Can Rebecca play too, Jack?” Castiel asked, causing Jack to peer over Dean's shoulder at the angel sitting at his desk. He frowned and shrunk back down staring at his bear in his hands.
“A plan?” Cas asked quietly from behind him. Dean slowly turned toward the love of his life.
Azrael was crouched over where Cas and Jack sat. Cas was gently trying to coerce Jack into playing with the young angel's hair in favor of his own which they seemed to strangely also be very emotionally invested in. Jack, however, was curled at an angle away from the stranger, burying his head against Castiel's chest in an act of shyness. Dean inhaled deeply and cleared his throat to get Azrael's attention. The angel laughed as they stood back up.
“I don’t know how to--- uhh... it's just that…” Sam began to broach the subject, “This can’t exactly have been that much of a shock to you, can it?” Dean looked at his brother completely bewildered. Sam nodded and continued. “I don’t know, Dean. I feel like he’d do anything for you, he’s been pretty upfront about his whole…” Sam tried to find the right words, eager to avoid the use of the term ‘heart on’, “Uhh, infatuation... with you.” Dean scoffed.
“I bet at this point it's just how things work around here. Something changes and “Hey, it must have been Castiel.” Typical".
“Yeah, sure,” she stood and motioned John to do the same. “We were just gonna head home now, anyway”. She stated.
“Yeah, I’m still looking for the right muse,” he said, placing his hands into a square and stepping back to view the blank canvas through his fingers.
“It’s to do with the frequency of the multi-spectral--”
“Wow, Sammy that’s really impressive”. She swallowed hard as Sam smiled awkwardly, avoiding her older sister's eyes.
“Oh, yes, because you’re famous for accepting the lesser of two shitty options.” Crowley droned, sarcastically.
“No. I could never be God, Castiel, all I can do is try and fix His mistakes.” Castiel smiled at this.
“They can take me instead”.
“Loud?” Dean chuckled. “Was I… loud?” Castiel pulled himself back and beamed at Dean.
Charlie's eyes found him and he pulled together the greatest smile he could muster. He truly was happy for her. Although their relationship was nowhere like Charlie's from this world, he definitely wanted to see her happy and living her life to the fullest. Dean couldn't help but bring his eyes back down to his meal where he resumed moving the food around his plate. He wished he didn't have that annoying pang in his stomach again. He knew it was jealousy and he desperately wanted to feel only joy for the people he cared about most, that they had all moved on from The Life. He wanted them all to live the long and happy lives they so deserved.
“Now, your turn. The Empty. Spill.” Cas shook his head.
“The traffic was jacked!” Dean nodded at her, ignoring Cas’s look. “This us?” He asked, pointing at one of the many picnic tables with big green shade umbrellas and large cardboard reserved signs.
"You still teaching your Hacking... class... thing at the bunker these days, Mr. Robot?" Sam made a face at the reference.
“What? No. It’s just--” He sighed. He stared at the back of his seat. It was the only thing between them, a notion that both pleased and irritated Dean. His eyes focused on the stitching in the leather as he considered his next words. He wanted to ask Cas how he was; how he truly felt. He wanted desperately to know if he was okay. He wanted to know if Cas felt the weight of their silence the way that Dean did. Dean swallowed some more beer, trying to pull together every ounce of courage he could muster when a thought reoccurred to him. He furrowed his brow and looked back at Castiel. “What about you? Do you have some angelic castle that you’ve been living in when you’re up here?” Cas’s eyes met Dean’s. He opened his mouth for a moment before closing it again.
“A gun, so I can shoot myself,” She scoffed. Ryan laughed.
"Thanks, Dean.” she began, her voice was hesitant, "Sooooo…” She drew out the vowel, “You wanna talk about Castiel?" Dean cleared his throat.
“Dean, relax”, Castiel finally grumbled from the passenger seat, he slammed his hand against the dashboard, bracing himself against the sudden force at which Dean hit the brakes. Dean shot him a look.
“Great.” He took a swig at the now slightly cooler coffee. Dean’s phone buzzed from inside the soft gray fabric of his robe pocket. He fished it out and clicked on the screen where it read: "(4) new messages from Charlie Weasley". Dean still hadn't gotten around to reading Harry Potter or even seeing the movies but he’d googled the plot after Charlie had changed her ID in his phone, which he figured was practically the same thing.
“I can see why you can’t just return to life as you had it on earth then, I suppose.” He sniffed and suddenly had a strange gleam in his eyes as if he had just made a scientific breakthrough, “Odd concept, that heaven may be too perfect for you”. Dean huffed out another awkward humorless laugh.
“Are you kidding, Dean? The way the two of you looked at each other. Who didn't know?” Dean scoffed.
“Brandy, huh? She happen to ride pole for coin?” Sam’s eyes widened and Deanna shrugged, smiling. “Come on. Brandy, really? Who names their kid that?” Samantha shook her head as Ryan appeared seemingly out of nowhere, placing a drink each in front of them.
When Dean woke the second time that morning his face was buried into Castiel's neck, whose arm draped protectively over Dean’s waist. Dean inhaled loudly through his nose, a grin spreading to his eyes, crinkling in the corners. He peered up in time to see Castiel’s eyes flutter open, a moment of confusion flitted across his face before he pulled his arm back from its clasp.
After Sam’s breathing turned to some resemblance of normal, she was able to find the page Deanna had referred to and copied the address into her phone's GPS. She flipped a few pages of their father's journal, skimming the contents, before, at the instruction of Deanna, she put it away, back in its place in the glove compartment. Deanna insisted that perhaps Sam should wait until she was feeling better to start delving through their father's mind. Sam seemed to agree, much to D’s relief.
“You’re just mad because Mike beat your ass at pool six games in a row.”
inside me that I can't stop
I’m so full of
It's just so beautiful”.
“Cas, I’m just-- I’m having a real hard time… with-- with all of this.” He finally admitted. He walked his heavy feet toward Castiel. “I don’t--” He chuckled grimly. His eyes flicked back and forth, unseeingly, at the concrete floor between them. “I don't... want to be here.” His throat felt dry from forcing the words out. Castiel stared at him, his brows furrowed, waiting for him to continue, to elaborate. Dean licked at his lips. “I thought I’d be able to do it this time”, he looked up into Cas’s eyes, “You know? Really stick it out.” He shook his head, “I felt like my fight was finally over; There's no big bad lurking around the corner. For the first time in my life, there was no real reason I
Dean sniffed, whipped a hand over his face, and nodded to himself in acceptance, he made his way back to the comfort of his impala and crawled into the front seat.
“We should get some rest before sunrise.”
” Dean mimicked his tone, “Am thirsty... and Heaven has a zero percent hangover rate.”
“You’re silly, Daddy.” He said, throwing himself back into the grass and laughing.
“Yeah, I found god so…” She burst into laughter, her eyes crinkling.
“His name is
“Oh,” Cas nodded. “I was trying to stand up to John for you and you don't need me to protect you, because that makes you feel weak right?” he hissed.
Once she finally came upon the familiar building she ducked inside quickly, trudged through the hallway, and up the stairs. She was too shocked to notice the numbness of her feet until they started to burn as they gradually heated up as if they were berating her for running around on the frigid pavement. She knocked at room number twenty-three quietly. Her hand shook as she lowered it.
”. The two men stopped in front of door twenty-two. Castiel’s hand hovered over the handle before he turned toward Dean, an eyebrow raised.
"You still feel like you?" Dean sniffed, "Like it's just you but... better, right?"
“Yeah. No, sure! Let's go hang out with the cast of Euphoria. We can all pour one out for dad together between talking about our podcasts, and swapping stories relieving the good ol’ days.” She replied sarcastically. Sam pushed her last drink toward her sister and stood.
... was going down? Just saying, could have used the extra firepower” Cas set his jaw.
Matthew 22:30 (Yeah... I literally looked up the bible for this one...) "In the resurrection, people will neither marry nor be given in marriage. Instead, they will be like the angels in heaven."
“I’d say you can just wear what you normally would but it seems you’ve changed that up lately”. Castiel walked away to place the stove on and moved the oiled pot (that Dean had already prepared) over the fire. Dean gathered up the veggies and bumped his hip against Cas's, gently gesturing for him to move out of the way. He then dropped all of the chopped-up vegetables into the pot.
“So, we'll catch up another time.” Mary stated, “How about that new Mexican restaurant by your Dad's house, John?” John made a face.
“Okay.” The Castiel, doomed to live out this memory for the first time, searched inside himself at this response.
The two sisters explored the bunker together, guns raised, head high. They pulled open each door that they came across, searching the corners of the rooms, under the beds, in the cupboards, the showers, behind the gym equipment, and around each and every nook and cranny they could find. The place seemed to be empty, not only that, but it appeared to be coated in a layer of dust, thick enough to assume that nobody had been there in a long time. Now, Samantha and Deanna sat in the library, their eyes wide as they grinned at each other.
“Oh, Mom knows!” Dean grinned. “Clocked it a while ago apparently…” Cas laughed at this.
“You’ve been drinking more and more every day.” He stated, calmly.
"Oh, um, I was just going to say… I told you it would be awkward". Suddenly, Dean found himself moving to sit on the edge of the bed. The whole cot rose around him as he sat, his body turned towards Castiel. The angel looked dejected as he sighed. The closeness seemed to have the effect of an emotional beating. He all but physically curled in on himself like an abused animal, waiting for another blow. Dean's stomach and chest ached at the sight of him. He took in every inch of Cas' face trying severely to find the words to form a sentence. One perfect sentence to explain everything he'd been through over the last six months; everything he'd thought and felt since he'd last set his eyes on his best friend.
"How are you doing, Jack?" Dean asked a little hesitantly. Jack tried to flash a reassuring smile at the man but he was so tired that he only bared his teeth at him pitifully.
"What do you want?" Sam asked as she strode to meet Deanna in the doorway, blocking her entrance. Deanna let out a single humorless chuckle.
Each time he thought of Cas he felt like he would puke. His whole body ached like he was being internally crushed by one huge stone. Nights were the worst. The dark, quiet of his room felt as if it was smothering him as he lay there each night tossing and turning, hoping sleep would eventually find him. His own mind tormented him, replaying his last moments with Cas over and over. He tried to push the memory away and think of something, anything else, and yet nothing seemed to be able to keep his attention long enough. Happier times with Cas, memories of his smile, his laughter, the fond disapproving looks he often gave Dean, these memories satiated him for a time, but his mind would always rip a hole in his more pleasant thoughts, forcing him to once again agonize over the image of Cas’s tear-soaked face as he smiled his way toward his resolution. Dean had found himself drinking more and more every night, relying on an inherited knowledge that he had learned far too early, unfairly early, in his life; that alcohol could act as a barrier between him and the things he couldn’t handle, it could guard him against any pain... If he only drank enough.
“You’re not using these are you?” he asked whilst popping a tablet from the pack and chucking it in his mouth.
“Just heal, li’l bro, I promise we’ll fill you in on all of the chaos as soon as you’re ready. For now though--” Gabriel began.
Sam had left not long after that. He pointed at his phone.
Turns out that the bar that Charlie had asked them all to meet had a beer garden that spilled out onto the main street where the march was already taking place. Castiel and Dean dodged and weaved through the group of people on the road that stood directly out the front of the beer garden, seemingly held up by the traffic of the other many, many groups taking part in the march. Charlie, dressed in glitter and rainbows head to toe, stood from where she sat at one of the picnic tables and approached them at the gate, yelling at the security guard to allow them in while the crowd clapped and cheered as the march started moving again.
Sam waited, the door ajar, until he could no longer hear the voices reverbing down the corridor. He gave his handiwork another once over before deciding he was satisfied that he had done everything possible for Castiel’s recovery. The rest was up to the angel himself... he would need to heal from the inside. Sam took the remnants of the bottle of whiskey and made his way down the hall to where his brother sat, alcohol audibly swishing in the bottle as he walked. He groaned a little as he sat down beside his brother and handed him the bottle.
"Hey, Charlie. How'd you pull up?" Charlie scoffed on the other side of the phone.
“I slept very well,” Cas finally answered as he ran a hand through Dean’s hair. “Very, very, very well”. He clarified as he placed his other hand on Dean’s chest, his thumb rubbing against his bare skin. Dean beamed up at him, shivering at the feeling of Cas’s hands on him.
Finally, after being a whole ten minutes late, Penny arrived in a thrashing of wings and without looking around he got to work transforming the center of the room into a creative space for Jack’s daily art therapy. Dean shot a look at Cas, who nodded encouragingly at him in response. He attempted to swallow the air in his throat and stared at the grey-haired angel as he opened the playdough containers he'd just summoned from thin air.
"Oh, and a man named Kevin said 'Hi' and thanked you for helping him get to heaven." Dean nodded.
“You were never going to go back to hell, Dean.” Cas pulled himself up to sit beside him, his hand rubbing up and down Dean’s right arm. “And as for the rest of that there's no point in worrying about what could have been, we’re here now and--”
Dean scrunched the letter up and raised it by his shoulder.
"Yeah? Well, thanks for that". He replied, voice dripping with sarcasm. He noticed her usually piercing blue eyes were dull and unfocused and there was an empty bottle of beer in front of her. "You don't look too hot yourself, kid."
This one's a bit heavy. Sam takes a leak. Dean watches his puke swirl down the drain.
“Yeah, I get that.” Dean nodded and chucked his handful of fries into this mouth.
“You really sleeping in all that?” He asked, taking in the sight of Cas sitting atop his blanket in his trenchcoat, suit, and shoes.
Jack continued to stare at Dean, his eyes holding the hidden wisdom of a toddler god.
“Nothing to talk about.” He shrugged. Sam rolled his eyes.
“Cas!” He called hoarsely into the nothingness. “Cas, help!” his hands scratched at the box clawing across the sides, his nails bending back and bleeding as the skin peeled away. Eventually, his eyes began to adjust to the metal casket around him. The sigils seemed to stare back at him with mirrored horror. The Malak box. Sam had buried him in the Malak box. Dean tried to swallow the bile that had risen in his throat.
From over at the bar, Rufus made eye contact and lifted his drink. Dean nodded and raised his in return before downing the last of it.
Nobody came.
Dean paused, his brain catching up, “Wait, how are you back?”
The next two weeks passed in a relatively similar pattern. Dean would wake up late, grab a coffee, and head to Jack’s room where the toddler would be already up and playing with Castiel while Rebecca watched from over in the corner, making notes in her a4 book. Kelly would join them at around midday, at roughly the same time, Azrael would appear with the first letter of the day from Sam, and Dean would switch from coffee to beer or whiskey. The angel therapist shift change happened and everyone would get involved in whatever creative task Penemue would conjure up. Dean would leave at around five pm to start cooking, and an hour later the five of them would sit and eat a meal together. Penny and Kelly would then leave and Cas or Dean would read Jack a bedtime story while the other washed the dishes. The two would finally meet in Dean’s bedroom, fool around a bit, and fall asleep, ready to do it all over again the next day.
“That was…” He grinned as he trailed off.
“I can’t, Dean. It’s wrong. It’s not fair to Sam”.
He spun around.
“Because I’m in love with you too, Dean,” Cas stated simply in a monotone voice, as if he could have been talking about something as mundane as the weather. After a long pause of silence, Cas began to chuckle at Dean’s gaping mouth. The angel had known the man beside him for over a decade and the stoic yet shocked mask he wore was one he had rarely seen upon the man's face. He continued, hoping to calm the evident internal crisis Dean seemed to be having. “Dean, you too have been made to feel that feelings are wrong and yet everyone has them." Dean blinked in response, his jaw clenching as he truly took in Cas's words. The angel laughed. A sound caused Dean to feel like he'd just touched a live wire. "We're not hurting anyone, not really, so why are we like this? Why did we wait until death to admit this to one another, if not for fear of looking foolish? Now we look foolish!” He shook his head, “I was so wrapped up in trying to be the angel my father wanted me to be and then, well, Chuck was the greatest disappointment in all creation so… what I’m trying to say... is that… you became my religion a long time ago, Dean.”
He pictured that same kid, playing catch with Sam, the two of them with matching haircuts, whoever his wife was, (he didn't want to assume Eileen but he couldn't really picture anyone else) watching on from the front porch. He imagined Sam's house filled with pictures of their family, as he taught little Dean how to do some crazy hard math equations.
“Sure we butt heads, D, but do you honestly think I wanted him dead. He’s our father!” Deanna rolled her eyes.
"You could have let me in on what you had plann-" and as promised Dean's fist interacted with Sam's nose so hard it caused his stomach to lurch at the sound. Vomit burned as it pulsed through Dean's throat and onto the floor between the two brothers. Sam grabbed at his now bleeding nose and took a few steps back to avoid getting anything on his shoes. "Jesus! Dean!" Sam exclaimed watching his brother wipe his sleeve over his mouth before cradling his hand and shaking it as if it was an etch-a-sketch and he wished he could undo the last minute or so. "Look at yourself, man! Your drinking non-stop, hiding out here like you're afraid if you leave-"
"Always rushing now'days" Dean responded shaking his head. "You know it's not going anywhere right?" As he said the words he wondered if that truly was his brother's problem. Maybe, after all they'd been through Sam felt as if there was only a short amount of time before the other shoe dropped? What had it been, weeks? Maybe a few months since everything went down? "It's not like Jack- or God... or whatever" he waved his hand gesturing to the world around them "Is gonna come back down and take it all away" Sam smiled without it reaching his eyes. "Hell, if you can find a single big bad for me to slice and dice, I'd throw you a damn parade" Dean downed the beer instinctually and refused to meet his brother's eyes.
“Out of one-eighty” Sam clarified, Deanna’s stomach pulled itself into a knot and her heart grew warm. She nodded.
"Fine," she groaned and placed her hand upon the side of Jesse's face, leaning her head towards his and pecking him on the lips. Deanna placed her phone back into her jacket.
“Morning, Jack.”
“I remember everything from before, Dean. I just wanted to say thank you.” John looked at him sternly. Dean’s mouth fell open slightly as he racked his brain for what he could have possibly done to warrant such a positive reaction from his dad. “I know I was never in the running for father of the year... and looking back on it, I know I could have gone easier on you kids.” John sighed, “What you did for me, reuniting your mother and me like that, I don’t think I’d have done the same thing if I were in your shoes.” Dean was able to close his mouth now. He raised his brows and stared at John for a moment, struggling desperately to find a nice way to explain that he definitely knows that his dad wouldn’t have done the same for him. As time ticked by, however, he decided a simple nod and slap on his dad's arm would have to say enough.
“You said you meant it.” He reminded Dean. Dean rolled his eyes and lolled his head back against the booth, staring unfocused at the spinning ceiling. He shook his head and plopped it back down to look at Cas.
He pulled into the parking lot beside a bar that seemed to be simply named “Bar”, according to any and all signage that was welded to the top of the corrugated building. He walked inside and pulled himself onto a barstool. The place was empty, apart from a group of old men in suits with cardigans, chewing on tobacco and smoking cigars. Dean ordered himself a double from the young blonde in a pillbox hat who stood behind the bar. She smiled at him through her bright red lips before giving him a once-over. At his lack of enthusiasm in return, she rolled her eyes and left the whole bottle of bourbon pushing it toward him. Dean scoffed at her and shook his head before refilling his glass, slapping a Ben Franklin on the sticky bar mat. The lady walked over toward the till and brought back ninety-six dollars on a small silver tray. Dean pocketed the change then, dragging the bottle off the bar with his free hand, he headed to the jukebox in the corner.
Now, Kelly sat on the ground by Jack’s bed playing with the small god and trying, with the help of Cas, to convince Jack to wear a green hat with protruding frog eyes atop the brim. She insisted she needed at least one non-blurry picture of it, and it seemed to be an impossible task.
“No, no, no, no, no. Don’t-- Don’t-- Don’t move me. Don't move me”, Dean pleaded, Rowena’s voice echoed in his head, reminding him that if he were to, by some miracle, leave that barn alive, Sam would die. Dean knew that this was his true end. He knew he had some important things to say and struggled to focus at the best of times, death's door was no exception. He felt like he was suddenly drowning an ocean of thoughts, being thrown around, knocked about, by huge waves of pain. He felt trapped, tumbling, underwater. Everything seemed rippled and distant. He couldn’t feel his feet, he couldn’t really feel anything, but the endless waves of hot pain.
“Well, this is just horrifically depressing”. Dean’s head snapped, startled, toward the familiar voice. Towering over him stood a man in blue denim jeans, a black shirt, and a dark green jacket.
“I’m gonna get some damn pie!”
"Reliving the glory days." Dean chimed in.
Dean Freaks Out then Castiel Freaks Out.
“You seem… Good”, he breached. Dean swallowed his guilt.
“Morning,” he grunted in his best attempt at a normal, casual tone.
“What are we gonna do?” Sam asked. A tear ran down her eye and over her nose where it dripped onto the pillow. Deanna closed her eyes, gathering herself before opening them again.
, Dean thought,
He didn’t notice Castiel enter the kitchen until he felt the angel's arms wrap around his waist and his chin rest on his shoulder.
Dean had a sense of foreboding as he made his way to the kitchen. His stomach felt like it had very quickly tied itself into a noose. He turned the corridor and was hit by the clanking sounds of Sam making breakfast in the kitchen. Eggs, by the smell of it. Dean took a moment to steady himself. He knew he couldn’t cause a scene, he couldn’t let on to what he and Jack had discussed in his dream just moments ago. He inhaled deeply and pushed down the guilt and pain that had found its way up to this throat and clenched his fist as if his hand could hold all of the tension and pressure he had started to feel. He turned and walked into the kitchen. Sam was indeed cooking eggs. Healthy eggs, not the way Dean liked them; not sunny side up and doused in oil. He noticed the toaster had the familiar stream of smoke rising and instinctively walked over to the appliance.
“D. I don’t think I can do this,” She muttered. Deanna's brows pulled together as she glanced over at her sister.
Dean liked to imagine Sam would have named the kid after him just like their mom named them after her parents. Probably called the kid Dean John or Dean Bobby. He wasn't sure which. He chuckled to himself, alone in his car, imagining the poor woman Sam ended up with, having to deal with either name. Maybe they would insist on calling the kid by their middle name. John Dean sounded way cooler, like James Dean, hell, even Bobby Dean sounded awesome. Sam, stubborn as he is, would hate that, probably end up stitching the kid's name on all of his clothes to prove a point or something. Dean pictured the poor kid running around in a park somewhere in suburbia with his name embroidered on his overalls in bright yellow and smiled.
“Yeah.” Sam agreed, “Wish you stopped me from calling Eileen”. Dean rolled his eyes and placed the toothbrush in his mouth as he heard the splatter of Sam's urine hitting the toilet.
"He's a good one," Dean agreed, mouth full, patting Cas on his thigh.
“Dean?” Sam called into the seemingly empty garage. Dean placed his hand over his nose trying to quiet his snickers. Sam spun around to look behind him and Dean grinned gleefully, knowing he was most likely caught out, while he dashed madly to the side trying to run to get behind his brother again. Sam scoffed, a confused smile rose upon his face, “What the hell are you doing?” Dean chuckled, threw his head back and his arms up in defeat, before groaning playfully at being detected.
Dean waited.
“Yeah, just a nightmare.” he nodded to himself. “ Don’t worry, Sam. It's all over now”.
"Oh, uhh--" Cas swallowed, standing up, he began to remove his coat. Dean jumped up and retrieved his phone from his jeans pocket as Castiel continued to get undressed, his eyes trained away from the angel. Dean unlocked his phone to "(1) new message from Mom". He opened the message and climbed back into bed.
"We good?" She asked, raising her brows as if she hadn't heard the couple's entire conversation. Sam nodded but didn't reply and the three continued down the stairs and out into the cold night without speaking. Once outside Jesse was the first who spoke, this time addressing Deanna as she pulled John’s oversized jacket back on.
"What time is it?" Sam mumbled and fumbled for her phone. She sighed as she read that it was already passed midday. "Uh, the first option, right? Surely you wanna get some shut-eye by now?" She yawned.
He thought of Cas in purgatory, his hand slipping out of Dean's grip somehow, despite how desperately, how tightly Dean gripped him.
“I look like a man,” she said, baring her front teeth in disgust.
"Thank you." Cas took the blanket and placed it over himself, his face remained completely void of any emotion. "I'd hoped you were turning in for the night, so I could leave," Cas said, now avoiding eye contact. "...I didn't want things to be awkward". Dean was taken aback. He raised his eyebrows, and while finally accepting the reality before him and leaving his daze, closed the small space between the end of the bed where he stood, to the chair, before plonking himself down. Castiel looked at him cautiously and inquisitively.
“Yes, but we could have had,” he gestured to the bunker around them, “All of this.
"I wanted to find out how your dinner went. You were obviously incredibly anxious about going, because of me; because of my behavior towards John". Cas stated, raising a beer and taking a large pull as if as a metaphorical period. Dean huffed out a single laugh and plonked himself into a seat beside the angel. He shook his head.
And then he froze.
“I would assume your father wouldn’t have approved of his flamboyant personality or sexual orientation”. Dean laughed as John and Mary walked out of the roadhouse and into the parking lot, their voices echoed goodbyes through the flat open area. Dean and Cas locked eyes.
… I mean-- Anna when she said she gave up her Grace, she wanted to do it to be able to experience love. And I-- I really, really held onto that, you know? Like love and-- and sex they’re not things that you could ever…”
“Don’ worry about it,” Keven said, trying to hold in a burp. “I should probably make sure she's okay”, he explained before stumbling off, over to where she sat in the corner still playing on her phone. Dean shot the rest of his drink and placed it on the bench. His buzz had finally given him the courage he needed. He’d decided he would go bust up the angel's dumb little clique that they’ve been hiding in all night and insist that they all mingle like adults.
“Yeah, sure! He’s been passing me little love notes with hearts in the margins.” His voice dripped with sarcasm. “Come on, man! Don’t act like you knew.” Sam weighed up his brother’s words.
“A L.A.R.P.er friend who died after me, made me binge-watch "The Good Place" with her because she swears that they got Heaven creepily accurate in that show. So, I’ve just been doing that for the last few days... Apart from that, I’m thinking about teaching I.T. classes, and maybe getting a cat”. She nodded. Cas smiled at her.
“But we could...” Sam stared at him with a straight and obvious answer still written on his face.
“It’s been gone for over a decade”. Dean’s eyebrows pulled together. Balthazar, Gabriel, Metatron, Samandriel all burst into laughter from the other side of the room, turning to look in Dean's direction. Castiel looked awkward and embarrassed as Metatron said something and they all started up again louder, roaring with laughter. Gabriel hit Cas on his shoulder, causing Cas to flinch. Charlie, now curious, decided to call out to Cas. She raised a hand.
"He killed an uncountable amount of people, was willing to burn the whole planet to the ground, He
“Why even ask if you’re just gonna make me listen to your music?”
“It's nice to meet you, Castiel. I’ve heard good things”. Dean’s heart hammered in time with each millisecond that passed, while Castiel stood staring at John’s outstretched hand. Castiel looked blankly at Dean, then to Mary, then back at John’s hand, before coming to a rest on Dean again.
“Dean.
"Yeah. That'd be great, thanks." Dean placed his empty cup into the sink and walked from the kitchen without looking back.
?” Dean licked his lips and placed the wooden spoon on the side of the stove, a smile growing from the corner of his lips as he turned back toward Cas.
“Think of all the knowledge this place holds, the shit we never even thought of learning” Sam agreed. She had an assortment of books splayed out in front of her already. Her eyes ran over the titles over and over as if she was struggling to decide where to begin.
“Do you even know--”, She mimicked her sister in a high-pitched voice, “Shut up!” She smiled. Sam smiled and rolled her eyes. The two stood at the top of the stairs. Sam looked around in uncertainty. “What is it?” Deanna asked.
bleak. You’ve been here, what, a week? And you’ve already given up? I mean, I knew it would be bad but I never thought it would be this bad”. Crowly crowned over the music.
“Why, Daddy?” Jack asked, his brow furrowing in innocent confusion. “Did I do something bad?”
“Have you prayed to Jack?” The question took Dean off guard, the third and final of the darts for his round hit the wall a few inches off the board and bounced onto the floor at Sam's feet.
The hallway had numbered wooden doors uniformly sitting on either side. A few of the university's students littered the corridor, all of whom were evidently anxious to try their fastest to leave for any Halloween plans they had made. A short girl who was dressed as Mario tied her shoelace out the front of the door marked with a brass the number eight, her two friends huddled a foot away from her as they waited patiently. The man dressed as Luigi appeared to be the first to notice Deanna as she approached.
“You’re not supposed to be here, Dean. Sam is, Jack told me... I get it, honestly, I wouldn’t have expected anything else from you-- it's just-- I--” Castiel eye’s frantically searched Dean, imploring him to understand, and he slowly shook his head. Dean sighed.
“When?” Simon asked.
“I guess we open them up?” Sam suggested, looking equally perplexed. Deanna pulled the corners of her mouth down, shrugged, and got to searching. There were a lot of documents, papers on car rentals, old number plates, some old baby toys, and board games that Deanna and Sam didn’t recognize; nothing that screamed paranormal. At one point Sam came across a box full of burnt objects that the sisters assumed John had kept purely as some sick kind of memento mori because they had been so badly burnt that beyond something that looked like the charred leg of a dining chair, the items seemed to be unrecognizable. Deanna had all but given up on finding anything that could possibly help their hunt as she opened yet another box full of pages upon pages of John's credit card statements. She sat flipping through the pages looking for any kind of help she could get; any instructions her father could give her from beyond the grave as to what she could possibly do next. Dianna had started to realize that she'd dragged Sam on this insane quest with the promise of vengeance when in reality she didn’t even know where to start. She felt sick as it occurred to her that she had been so convinced that John wouldn’t just abandon her without some kind of orders on how to proceed in the manner of his death, as if he had ever given her cause to believe he would ever go out of his way to make anything easier on her.
Dean. Human, flawed, run of the mill, Dean. There was no way in hell that Cas could have possibly meant that he
“It's okay, Jack. I can just watch.” Rebecca smiled. She made a note in the A4 book she had placed upon her lap. Dean came to the conclusion that this Rebecca was perhaps whatever the Godly alternative of a child psychologist was.
. okay?!”
The silence grew between the three of them as Jesse's eyes flicked between the two sisters. Deanna fixed her gaze upon her younger sister, watching as Sam's face slowly contorted into a look of pure grief. Sam exhaled sharply and rose from her place on the chair.
mourning you”. Adam raised his brows.
“He seems to have found a renewed devotion for our family since making it out of the Empty.” Dean nodded. “Then there's Joshua, again, an understandable choice considering his popularity among the more traditional voters. Then Balthazar, and me.” Castiel stated quickly, looking somewhere between embarrassed and humble.
he realized.
Deanna pulled her heels off and held them in her hand with the filthy rag. She ran down the stairs and past the lady at the desk, who was now crying on the phone to somebody about how she was “scared to go look” and she wasn’t “really sure what was happening”. Deanna jogged past her and out into the cold fall air. Her heart raced as she considered the possibility that a fancy rooftop club like that may have video cameras, and she had to remind herself that she had, in fact, done nothing wrong. The only thing she was guilty of was maybe making them seem more suspicious by trying to erase any evidence that they were ever there. She mentally kicked herself as she considered that she possibly could have made things worse before her mind screamed an image of Jesse's carved chest at her, reminding her that they’d be vulnerable out in the open crowd of a police station and that keeping a low profile was now the only guaranteed way to ensure she could keep her sister safe.
“Well... I let him fuck me in the ass, for starters.” He grinned, finally happy to be the one in control of the conversation. Penny’s face softened from that of pure anger to the slightest, most minuscule raise of his eyebrows. Dean swallowed. He was glad he could steer things away from talks of feelings, and vulnerability, all that junk, plus he just really liked the feeling of seeing Penemue's shocked face. Penny’s mouth slackened as he searched Dean’s face as if trying to decide if he was joking or not. “So, you get it now? Are we good here or...?” Dean glanced at the door.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice was thin, gentle.
“Fine.” She growled and pushed the door open.
“Quickly, Castiel. The others are not far!” He boomed as he turned, implying for Castiel to follow. In a daze, Castiel stood and looked around before breaking into a jog to catch up to Gadreel’s now retreating form. A boom behind him caused Cas to whip his head around him as he watched Cherubs and Marquis of hell brawling in dazzling explosions. He ignored the fight as he jogged towards Gadreel. Cas recognized Seraphs in the distance to his right; angels he had served alongside, pulling Elohim, to their feet, before being swallowed by a huge hole in the nothingness, pulling them quickly down further into the empty. Castiel ducked as he ran, only barely dodging a stream of pyrokinesis aimed to his left, at Valefar; a demon that Castiel and his battalion had previously trapped and killed during the middle ages, now, engulfed in flames and writhing around as tendrils of the Empty attacked his lion body.
“Yeah,” Deanna replied softly, not certain if she believed it. Forgetting all about the phone number, she scrunched the napkin in her hand and tossed it aside.
“Oh yeah, that. I did.” Dean realized by his brother's tone that he quite possibly harbored some resentment about this. “When Chuck blew up Michael, he kind of wasted me... for good. I ended up in heaven. Thanks for mourning me by the way”, Adam walked over to the wall and leaned against it. “...Again”. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose.
A waiter in a mesh shirt eyed Dean as he took the table number and replaced it with three baskets of fries. Dean swallowed and trained his eyes to the grooves in the wooden table.
A single shoe holds the power to keep an angel warm.
Thanks so much for reading my fic. I've started reading other fix-it fics and now am super aware that there are some very creative and talented writers here. It's comforting that there are people out there helping me get some closure after fifteen years of emotional investment! Thanks again!
"What up, bitch?" Dean smiled.
If anyone told Dean a few months ago that he would never be randomly off'ed in the middle of nowhere in some falling down shack by some B-grade-horror-movie extra he would have laughed in their face. He knew it was either that or he'd be done in, in some high-stakes showdown with an all-powerful entity. It was his life purpose, he noted, pushing his peas into a love heart on his plate, to kill as many sons-of-bitches as he could before the inevitable happened. He smashed his fork down into the peas squishing the heart into a mushy paste. Claire cleared her throat. Dean placed the fork down gently before raising his brows as if slowly forcing his eyes to follow and make eye contact with her directly across from him at the table.
“If you would like, I could come with you and apologize to your father for my behavior,” Castiel suggested, missing the point of Dean's dig. His voice was gentle, his eyes roaming over Dean’s face.
Dean’s lungs retracted.
“Yeah," Sam huffed, "that’d be just our luck.” he declared. Dean shook his head at his younger brother in the mirror. He counted on his fingers.
"Oh, okay? Cool?" he turned to Adam, "What's it like?" Dean raised his brows, interested. Adam addressed his brother, answering his question from earlier.
"Wait, Dean" he croaked. His other hand pressed to a particularly large gash in his stomach. Dean swallowed and very hesitantly turned back to face Castiel, fear plastered on his face. Cas pulled Dean's arm back toward the bed. He followed obediently and sat back down, his eyes searching Castiel's face wildly. Castiel winced pulling himself up toward Dean and gingerly placed a small and gentle kiss upon his lips. The two stared at each other as Castiel slowly and carefully lay back against the pillows behind him. Dean took a deep breath in. He shook his head completely perplexed. His eyes ran over Cas as if he was trying to commit this moment to memory, in case it was all just a dream. He maneuvered himself with one knee on the bed and gently cradled Cas' cheek in his hand, before placing his lips on Cas' again, more certain this time. Dean's body came alive as the two kissed, their mouths moving together. After a time, Cas' lips became thinner as he smiled, causing Dean to break into a smile of his own. They both continued to press their mouths together kissing each other's smiles before eventually giving up. Cas laughed as he pulled away and Dean chuckled, his eyes crinkling. He shook his head, amazed, before finally realizing he had found the words that were there all along.
“Dean--”
you.” Deanna gripped at the steering wheel tightly, the leather cracking as her knuckles whitened.
Dad-- or uh, Alistair…
everyone, joining in on whatever conversations they already had going. He’d played pool with Keven as Channing watched unamused from a seat in the corner. Jo tried and failed to start up a doubles game. Channing stated she would rather watch and instead spent the whole time on her phone. Dean assumed she had a lot of dead friends because she didn’t look up very often and considering they couldn’t get service from Earth, he had no idea what she could possibly find so interesting.
The street light streaked in through the blinds in front of where he lay, tingeing the room in streaks of yellow and contrasting blue tones of darkness. Luke’s breathing rang through the room as it got caught in the back of his throat. The comfort of Dean’s buzz had worn off and he now lay awake as his mind raced, collecting negative thoughts as if his brain was doused in honey and pushed down a hill. Dean lay staring at the window, unseeing as he tried to remember when exactly he had decided to give himself over to his nihilism. He seemed to be unable to recall the moments leading up to where he now lay, the way he had given in to temptation; the trepidation transforming into desire. He lay in his guilt, his disgust, his pure self-loathing, as tangible as the wet patch he’d created in the sheets that now soaked into his leg. Dean gently removed Luke’s arm from where it encaged him and placed it upon the man's own side. He gingerly freed himself from the sheet around him and quietly pulled his clothes back on, his head pounding, before tiptoeing toward the door and pulling it closed gently behind him. Dean retrieved his phone from his pocket, the brightness taking him off guard momentarily.
Maybe he never had to die.
“Penemue is an old friend. He's been on Earth for over a Millenia providing your people with wisdom”. Dean frowned and sat back down, placing his feet back upon the map table, crossing his ankles, and leaning his back against the chair.
“Is he out?” Dean groaned, rolling his eyes.
"Did you guys hear about the vampire nest Kaia and Claire took out?" Jack asked the group. Dean nodded.
“No point worrying about what could have been.” Dean quoted Castiel's words back to him. “Coffee?” he asked, pointing toward the door.
“We all do,” Castiel explained, placing a gentle hand on the child’s shoulder.
“I can’t,” he stated more forcefully this time. “You’ll need to find somebody else. I-- I can’t”. He sniffed. Jack exhaled sharply as if he'd just been the victim of a physical blow.
“You really had my back from the very start, huh?” Cas smiled bashfully.
“I suppose,” he laughed. “I definitely recall that I was very loud too, though”. Dean sighed, still smiling he turned to stare at the ceiling as he shook his head in disbelief.
"You gotta excuse my sister, she's socially inept." She extended her hand toward him. "I'm Deanna. What's your name?" She asked, pitching her voice in her best imitation of a preschool teacher. Sam sighed and plonked herself back into the brown armchair again.
“Oh, yeah. Ha!” Keven poured one glass into the other and set the spare glass back down on the bar. “Did you know you can get drunk in heaven? I didn’t know you could get drunk in heaven”. Dean shook his head.
1. He could stop answering everyone's calls, drink himself into the ground, and only leave the bunker for supplies or to gank a ghost on the rare occasion one popped up.
.” Deanna continued to keep her eyes trained to her glass.
Dean stripped off and climbed into the shower, desperately hoping the cool water would cleanse him of a modicum of his regret. It wasn’t as if Dean hadn’t slept with a man before, it's just that it had never been a choice he felt as if he would actively make. He stood staring at the white bath below his feet as he recalled all of the times he had been poked and prodded and pulled at and scraped by a manor of strange men and women. He focused his thoughts specifically on the times he had set his jaw and forced his eyes closed tight as he’d allowed older men to explore his body, their leathered hands searching him frantically, pulling his head down to their crotch, or simply touching themselves while moaning in his ear.
"Something along the lines of "Hi, I'm not trapped in a prison of my happy memories for all eternity? I get to walk and talk and be... kind of... alive…" ...or something." Cas nodded slowly, uncertain.
“I wish I could interfere, Dean. I would, you know. I’d send you back there right now if it were up to me. Chuck really did a number on the order and even if I could send your soul back down there, the way it is, Sam would be killed in a second.” Dean sniffed and shot the last of his drink.
Dean lay tangled in the white sheets of an unfamiliar bed, an arm draped over his abdomen.
“Nice place,” Dean stated as he refilled his glass.
Dean replayed the dream over and over, trying desperately to commit every detail to memory. He dissected every bit of information that he could remember, beginning at the start. He remembered the way he felt; calm for a moment, then suddenly an uneasy sense of familiarity as he noted it wasn't the first time he'd been visited by Jack. He remembered the recognizable feeling in his stomach as soon as he saw the rod in his hands. Now awake, he still couldn't seem to fully recall those other dreams. The memories seemed so close, in the back of his mind, hidden just out of reach. Had Jack taken those memories from him? If so why? It made no sense. Jack had seemed to confirm that he had visited him when he asked if he could remember the dreams… If they had spoken in his sleep before, then why couldn’t he remember.
“Sam?”
having a drink in the most depressing dive bar in all of Heaven because I’m Death and a former demon. So naturally, this is the only joint in this godforsaken place that feels like home. Your real question should actually be, what are
"So..." Dean squinted and straightened his legs out between them, his feet under the bed, lining up with Cas' thighs, "how long were you lying there pretending to be asleep?" He asked, tilting his head. Cas' eyes finally reached Dean's.
“Ugh, again with this” Dean interrupted, he threw his arms up exacerbated. “Come on, man.” he sighed and leaned his back gently against the brick wall behind him, careful not to mess up his suit. “I told you we didn’t wanna have some big dog-and-pony show.” He continued, his voice gentle now, as he saw his brother's rejected expression. “Look, I’m sorry, okay?” He swallowed and scratched his face before continuing “With everything Cas and I went through over the years... like I said, as soon as we left the bunker and hit the road,” he shrugged “we didn’t want to burn any more daylight.” Sam nodded, solemnly.
“I can’t let you leave--”, he cocked his head to the side and stuck out his bottom lip, “--Sorry. It's just that I hate you, and I’d rather just get this over with now, rather than have that awkward moment... having to track you down once we get outta here… I’m sure you understand”. He plunged the sword into Cas’s top right wing, pinning him to the ground. Cas cried out in pain, a white-hot ache ran through him to his center, his other wings flapped around desperatly as he tried to free himself.
” He grinned wildly at the angel before nodding to himself and marching back toward the door marked with the number 22.
Castiel sat in a black suit, in the driver's seat of the Impala, the engine purring as he and Jack waited for Sam and Dean. Jack, now six years old, sat in the passenger seat and was finishing off the paperwork on an assignment for his internship.
“No”. Dean's heart sank. He knew if he had shared the true reason for wanting to use this specific weapon, his brother would have of course humored him, but he obviously wouldn’t even begin to explain any of that. He tried one last futile attempt.
“It’s okay, I know”. Samantha sniffed, again. “I’m gonna go have a shower,” she stated, then pulled herself up off the bed and made her way over to her built-in closet, pulling out clothes and a towel. “You want one? They’re communal?” Deanna nodded.
“Looking after what?”
"More or less the same as before. I lived with Michael inside of me for over a thousand years so... it feels like that... but I'm the one who flys myself places now?" He took a bite of his hotdog. Steve pursed her pink lips and raised her brows at Michael.
Sam grunted as he heaved his body into the back seat. Both he and Dean wore black suits that had been perfectly tailored to their bodies a few months prior. Dean sat behind his Castiel and squeezed his shoulder as he shut the car door behind him. Jack turned around in his seat and beamed at the brothers as they started up at the prospect of seeing the boy for the first time since he'd impressed the big wigs at his internship and started tagging along on fieldwork.
"You what!?" Jack continued to keep his eyes pinned to Cas, his blue eyes wide with worry. "Please tell me that's a really bad joke. You can't trust her, man!" Dean sighed. He was so tired. It had been one of the longest days of his life and it was still only early. He rubbed his brow, he could feel a tension headache setting in.
"Sure. What about him?" He scratched at his nose, squinting in hopes of a nonchalant tone.
“Right.” Dean nodded, squinting. “So, Baby’s my heavenly digs?”
“You’re ridiculous,” he opened his door, exited the vehicle, and looked over the roof to where Dean would appear. When seeing nothing but the gleam of the sun bouncing off the car, he then crouched down and peered back inside the impala. “Come on,” his voice imitated the tone he would use when he lifted Jack from his highchair.
The night was winding down and after receiving a “Thank you” and “Sorry” from Pastor Jim and a few inappropriate remarks from Pamela, the Roadhouse, that had once been bursting with vibrant life, was now a dwindling drunken shit show. Dean sat at the bar again after making his way around the room stopping by to check on
“You must have been good at your job,” He laughed. Dean considered this.
“We don’t have to talk about it, Dean”. He stated, his eyes fixed to the knot in the wooden table in front of him. Dean swallowed then huffed out a short humorless laugh.
“Yeah, okay.” he shook his head, “Umm. It’s alright. Keven said something in there--”, he tilted his head toward the Roadhouse, “about how I’ve been here... for days?”
After taking the three left turns in a row to get back to his corner of heaven Dean typed the address for “Heavenly Burgers” into the GPS app in his phone. He drove the opposite direction from where he explored the other day and quickly found himself in the middle of a large town. The town was full of women in poodle skirts and men in three-piece suits. Dean figured this must be where Grandpa Winchester had ended up, a 50s era town, full of charming Americana businesses and sprinkled with awesome muscle cars.
Castiel was suddenly flung off course, his body rolling miles through the air before he slammed down, head first, into the blackness. A blow landed into his back as he attempted to push himself up to his feet, thrusting him back into the muck of the empty.
"I've found this new heaven to be rather confrontational too, actually. It's strange that living.. or I suppose… working toward a future in heaven, can make you reassess what is worth working
Cas’s vision seemed to fade out at the edges. He was unsure if he would be able to attempt to fight any longer. He was no match for Lucifer here, all alone, in the empty. He wondered, if he died in the empty, what would become of him? Perhaps he would simply continue to feed the empty, unable to wake ever again, his most horrible thoughts plaguing his dreams. He hoped that maybe he would now sleep; a dreamless eternal rest, and found solace at the concept. At least he wouldn’t be stuck here reliving his worst moments; his deepest regrets, over and over again. Perhaps he would finally be at peace. A bright stream of light exploded in front of Castiel as he fell back down into the darkness, his eyes fluttering closed.
“What the--”
“It’s unsurprising to find your soul's residence isn’t actually a location”. Cas stated, breaking the silence between them.
“Demon. The one that got mom.” She sniffed, dragging her gaze up toward her sister. Sam’s breath caught.
“I-- I remember Jack-- He visited me-- spoke to me, in my dream”. Cas tilted his head, trying desperately to remember.
ago...” He cleared his throat. “I kind of told John about… you. Or more accurately
“Uhh… well I’m very horny” He stated, pointing to the red plastic headband sitting atop his brown hair. He chuckled at his own joke as Dianna shook her head and smiled smugly. Ryan glanced back at Sam before clearing his throat. “What can I get for you ladies tonight.”
“You okay?” Cas asked, moving to lay down beside him. Dean chuckled breathlessly.
Sam's voice cut through Dean’s thoughts. He found that he had been scrolling on his laptop without really paying attention to what he was seeing, his thoughts on his inescapable demise. He felt suffocated by the inevitable writing-on-the-wall. His time was finally here. Each agonizing second that ticked by was another second closer to his end, and Dean was terrified. He had died before but almost every time he’d had a plan, an ace up his sleeve, or a determined God who refused to let him rest. This time felt different though. He was reminded of how it felt waiting out his crossroads deal, counting the seconds ‘till the hellhounds came a-knockin’. Again now, there was no plan B. No angel ordered to pull him back onto the board for an apocalypse. No way to cheat the system. Not that he wouldn't try anyway. There was too much at stake. Sam had died again, and again, and if this spell with Rowena had a single chance in hell at working, he would definitely rather die than risk Sam’s life. That was, of course, his main goal, after all, to keep Sam safe. Dean found himself having to remind himself of this each time he accidentally allowed some of the terror back in.
"So, we walking until we find a place, or do you have a local haunt?" She asked. Sam's eyes flicked toward the pavement.
Dean hooked his car around and continued back the way he’d come from. He figured he’d head back to what seemed to be his corner of heaven, or at least where the people he had known from his life had all seemed to have settled down. He had so many questions, and the nagging feeling in his stomach that had been easy to ignore at first was now growing stronger, as he considered trying to contact the one person he knew would have the answers; the one person he felt both desperate and also incredibly anxious to see.
"What, Dean?” Cas demanded. Dean chuckled awkwardly.
“Yeah, don’t go telling anyone, or I’ll have to drag you to hell,” He raised his beer “literally.”
Dean wondered. “Jack lasered your ribs clean purely so he can send me here to tell you this... so I feel like it's probably important?” He narrowed his eyes, recalling the message, “He said to let you know that your plan with, uh, Rowena... checks out." Dean put aside his thoughts of angels, allowing the positive news to echo in his mind. Adam looked smug as Dean opened and closed his mouth repeatedly, taking in the words.
“What?” Dean asked at Castiel's lack of response. Cas repositioned his hands against the steering wheel, sighing deeply. “Cas, What is it?” Dean questioned again, his voice gruff and now full of worry. Castiel flicked the indicator and pulled the Impala off to the side of the road. He leaned his head against the steering wheel for a moment, collecting himself, before turning in his seat to face Dean.
“Dean,” Mary beamed, her arms wide. Dean made his way around the table to her side so she could pull him into a tight hug. She laughed as she let him go.
"No reason", Dean shrugged. He breathed deeply, filling his lungs with the night's salty air.
Jack picked up the Beanie Baby in one hand and pushed Dean's other to his back, implying that he should retrieve the Transformer. Cas seated Dean!Duck and Firetruck!Sam beside BeanieBaby!Jack and smugly looked expectantly at Dean. Dean rolled his eyes and placed the Transformer!Cas by the others before he stiffly walked Barbie!Kelly toward where the group of toys sat, pushing her torso back up when it fell, halfway. Dean cleared his throat and pursed his lips sitting up straighter to be in character.
"Goodnight, Dean." Castiel's voice spoke into the dark.
After finishing his coffee in silence, it didn’t take long until Dean was well and truly immersed in the one-thousand-and-eight-piece puzzle of the Galileo Galilei that Jack was supposed to be doing, while in reality the tiny God was pulling Cas’s hair into all sorts of strange baubles and sticking various glittering stickers all over his face.
“That what this is?” Dean plonked the knife down and scratched at his mouth, before grabbing at the bottle again and taking another gulp on the burning liquid. Dean watched as Cas huffed out a laugh and took a Tupperware container out of the drawer, he then proceeded to use his hand to brush the vegetable off the chopping board and into the plastic container. Castiel waited until he was turned away from Dean, and walking toward the fridge, to speak again.
"Uhh…” Gabriel looked everywhere but at Castiel.
“You have to put this on. You have to become Death.” Jack stated as if he were explaining something incredibly obvious to a child, for the thousandth time.
"You have got to be fucking kidding me," a familiar voice called from a few meters away, causing everyone's heads to snap toward the sound.
“Wait, Newmasons… Like--” She grinned, “like the Stonecutters episode of the Simpsons?” Deanna asked. Sam frowned.
“Exactly”.
, has a heart on for me... and you don’t even bat an eye?” Sam smiled.
“Yeah.” She nodded.
, He prepared himself,
Dean often woke up hard and ashamed, his subconscious mind had evidently missed the memo; It was as if his nights were plagued with all the thoughts he had pushed away during the day. He ran his hands through his hair. He tried to recall the exact moment he had allowed the alcohol to give him permission to actively focus on what he had, up until now, vehemently avoided. He was suddenly unable to stop the events from the night before from erupting into his mind. Luke’s dark skin became light, his eyes once brown, had turned blue, his curly hair became straight. Dean remembered the moment of climax, the way he imagined Castiel holding him, Cas, breathing heavily in his ear, Cas’s moans being silenced by his mouth.
"You look like crap" she announced. God, he couldn't look at her. He licked his lip and smiled.
my soul?!” Dean pulled his arm free from Cas and placed his hand upon the handprint on his left arm.
“I’ve wanted this for so long,” Cas stated, cutting through Dean’s rambling. Castiel shook his head. “So." He emphasized the periods between the words with kisses on Dean's lips, "Long.” Dean nodded as Castiel’s hand found the scar on his arm again, as it had so many times throughout the night. Dean swallowed hard.
3. He could sell the bunker, quit The Life, finally open his own mechanic's and find some interesting enough, faceless, leggy ball-and-chain to settle down with.
“Triggering Calliope’s stress response, resulting in making yourself useless--”
“You find those boys and you get them someplace safe, alright” Dean put on his best authoritative face.
“You got a pen?” He asked the young angel. They shook their head.
"I'm not saying I've forgiven him... or trust him or anything, Dean... but if anyone understood what it was like to be written as a villain into God's story-"
“You redecorated”. Dean’s voice reverberated as he gestured his chin toward the tiled wall beside him. Castiel turned to look at him blankly. Dean smiled, squinting, and shook his head. “Joke,” he explained, then nervously smacked his lips, before he sat himself down by the map table slowly, drunkenly, almost missing the chair completely on the first attempt. He placed the remnants of his beer on the table beside him and cleared his throat. Cas’s brows furrowed.
“Hey!” Dean yelled in Charlie’s ear as she squeezed him into a hug.
"I may be able to convince Abner to watch over you brother. What would you have him say?" Dean shrugged.
“Castiel.” He nodded toward him, “and you must be…” Cas shifted, sitting up straighter.
All he could think of was his little brother, his poor baby brother, and his scared as hell face. What a tough, amazing person Sam was, trying so hard now to stay strong for him.
“It's hot,” Sam said, sparing a glance up from the fluffy scramble that he was pushing around the pan. Too late Dean registered what he had said, catching the toast as it popped out of the toaster in his bare hands. He huffed cartoonishly and dropped them as delicately as he could onto a plate in front of him. “You want one or two pieces?” Sam asked, this time keeping his eyes on the eggs. Dean blindly reached into the breadbasket and placed two more pieces into the toaster, his mind elsewhere. Dean couldn’t help but drop his resolve. His eyes trained on his brother's back. He desperately tried to swallow down the pain. That was Sam for you; Sam had already been for a run, was cooking breakfast for them both, and even when Dean had only been awake for five minutes, Sam still made sure Dean got the warm toast. He knew Sam was worried about him, worried about how he was going to handle the loss they had both been through now that Chuck had been dealt with and things were settled. Dean silently stood behind his brother as Sam added bacon to a second pan. Dean knew that if Jack was right… If his dream was real… He couldn’t bring himself to finish the thought.
“Uh, some of it, yeah.” She sniffed, “Why?”
“I don’t, but I will do it for you”. Cas smiled solemnly. Dean snickered, he couldn’t help but still feel trapped in the small hallway, Castiel merely a foot away.
"I like the way she used the cherubs on either side of my name". Dean laughed and placed his phone down on the nightstand beside him, plugging it in to charge. He felt grateful for his mom. Having his dad back in his life... death… maybe wouldn't be as horrible as he had imagined with Mary there to keep John in check. He considered his memory, the one he had been too young to really remember until he'd ventured into the previous heaven, one of many moments where he had to comfort his mom when John and she had been in some huge dumb argument over nothing. He wondered how long it would take, with eternity together in heaven, before his parent's love-filled reunion turned sour.
“Yeah, maybe a bit of both, actually.” He said lifting his hand to get Ash’s attention.
“Yeah, well? Uh-oh, Jack! I made a stupid suicidal plan again,” He rambled, and placed the transformer behind his back, “So now I’m dead.” He shrugged, sarcastically, his eyes wide.
“That’s not what I meant! Fuck, D are you so far removed from the real world that you forgot that people use funerals for closure!? Did you ever think that maybe I wanted to be there? To mourn him with you!?” D scoffed.
"Jack, uhh, can you hand me the alcohol, needle, and thread?" Jack crossed the room to retrieve the alcohol from the minifridge and the needle and thread from the medical tray behind Dean and passed them to Sam. Tears sprung from Dean's eyes and landed on Cas' torso. Dean shut his eyes tight and gathered himself.
“Fine.” He yelled angry at first then, backing away from Castiel and shaking his head he continued, softer this time. “I’ll find another way and I’ll be back for you. Just… don’t add this to the list of memories you regret, okay?” Jack’s voice was barely a whisper as he tried to keep himself from sobbing. Castiel fell back to the floor, shaking. “I promise I’m not gonna let you stay here, okay? I have Amara on my side now and together we’re gonna fix everything, I... just have to save Sam first.”
“What
“Yeah,” She managed before another sob erupted from her chest as a gasping breath.
Castiel pushed Dean toward the tiled wall of the hallway so Dean could steady himself then placed his hands on Dean's shoulders and searched his face, bobbing up and down and side to side, attempting to view him from different angles.
Dean stood back, giving him enough room to leave the table, followed Cas out of the war room, and into the hallway. Dean stopped short once he reached the wooden door marked with an 11, while Castiel continued walking until he came to a stop at room 15, turning back to face Dean. Dean clenched and unclenched his jaw as he watched the uncertainty spread over Cas’s face. Dean wanted to speak, to say anything at all but his mind suddenly drew a blank. His throat closed over with the intense and sudden memory of Castiel’s tear-streaked face as he was engulfed by the bubbling black goo of the Empty. He inhaled sharply and swung open his bedroom door before taking a hesitant step back, his eyes still on Castiel. Cas’s brows furrowed as he searched Dean's face. Dean swallowed in a desperate attempt at coating his dry throat. He studied Castiel’s face for any sign, of any clue to, what he could possibly be thinking, his nonexistent heart hammered loudly in his nonexistent chest. After what felt like an eternity, Cas walked up toward Dean and into room 11, flicking on the light. Dean let out a breath he didn't realize he had been holding and followed the angel into his room.
Cas shot Dean a coy, smug look as if he’d just proved why he’d elected not to introduce the pair yesterday. Dean rolled his eyes and watched as Cas and Jack bounded around the latter’s newly upgraded bedroom like the irritating morning people that they were.
“Hey. I’m sure you did the best you could, man. I doubt anyone blames you for getting taken down a notch by the actual devil.” Cas pulled his lips into a thin line and reluctantly nodded back. Dean slowly lowered his hand and pulled on his seatbelt, then sighed, and took a gulp of beer. Cas brought the Impala to life as he turned the key, the engine purred.
” you, I was the reason you were kicked out of heaven.
“Cas?” Balthazar stuck his head around the corner of the door. Castiel slowly and gingerly pulled himself into a sitting position before clearing his throat.
“What? No. You’re crying. I’m not crying… I’m gonna go get some… uh”
Dean considered these words while he sat there staring at his best friend, his brow low as his eyes searched for any hidden communication from the angel that would suddenly make things clear; that would tell him this was all a huge misunderstanding. Dean opened his mouth to speak before coming up empty and closing it again. Cas simply sat there avoiding eye contact, his brows furrowed as he stole glances every now and again, then tore his eyes away awkwardly.
“I’m guessing Michael isn't walking around looking like Adam now, right? Now that Adam’s, uh, like... an angel?” Cas nodded.
“Kelly. Hello. It’s lovely to see you, but If you’ll excuse me for a sec. I have to speak to Dean”. Castiel grabbed Dean by the forearm and gently pulled him up to a standing position.
"It's okay. You don't have to prove anything to me." Cas stated, eyes trained out the front window.
“The whole damn night by the side of-- you realize you could have, I don’t know, gone to Vegas, or something? Scammed us some-- wait, who do I think I’m talking about here, you would have never done that back in the day”. Cas grinned as Dean wiped the sleep from his eyes.
"We only had, uhh" He tried to remember "the two six-packs between us, I think".
“Yeah, a group of teens were Gossip Girl-ing in line at the cafe. One of them was going on about how people keep asking her for info on their friend’s... neighbors?" he shrugged, "Apparently, yesterday they were found drained of blood, their two kids are missing too. This girl was really loving all the attention but, you know”, Sam walked over to Dean and handed him the coffee, “she was doing the whole “It’s sick that people keep asking me about this'' shtick... while giving out all the facts to anyone who will listen.” Sam groaned as he sat on the edge of his bed.
That was, up until one of the officers working the case had shown them the drawing of the mask.
“Well, about that.” Sam lifted a scrap of paper from the box. “I’m not sure exactly but surely but I found some coordinates in the bottom of this box.” She shrugged, “Could be worth checking out”. Deanna nodded.
“Are you okay, Dean? Is something wrong?” Dean let out a humorless laugh and squinted at her.
“Why not?”
"Thank you, Steven", Cas grinned, his eyes glassy. "You make an attractive woman". Steve laughed and made eye contact with Dean.
"What are you thinking about?" Castiel asked, interrupting Dean's thoughts. Dean peered at him. Cas' blue eyes shone at him, full of concern.
“You got the damned job because you earned it.” Dean placed his hands on Cas’s shoulders then pat Cas on the cheek gently. “Now, let's go to sleep because just looking at you is making me tired.” Castiel sighed and rose.
you!” He was crying now, the tears streamed down his face with no resistance.
I guess… the way… I... Uhh,
“Okay, Reading Rainbow. Let’s get this over with.” He snatched up the beer from the table and downed the remainder of the liquid. Cas smiled.
Dean spent the next few hours getting serious grass stains in his jeans while playing with Kelly and Jack. He ignored Castiel every time he tried to join them. After a few not-so-subtle digs under his breath and awkward looks from Kelly, Cas gave up trying, retreating back to sit on the corner of Jack's bed where he would only speak when spoken to. It wasn’t long before Rebecca left and Penemue took her place, conjuring up easels, palettes, canvases, and pots of bright colored paints with "NON-TOXIC" labels written on them in large, bold letters.
“It’s wonderful isn't it?” Dean’s eyes flicked from the angel back to the foreign stars that blinked from the infinite expanse above him.
“Properly? Because Cas was-- I’ve never seen him so--” Dean put his head in his hands.
“So, Dean.” John’s deep voice commanded, “What have you been up to since we last saw you? Getting into all sorts of trouble, I’d bet.” His voice was gentle but his eyes stared at Dean with a hardness behind them.
“Hey, come on Dean.” Castiel’s voice was slightly higher, “Cas only learned that from us!” he said as he moved the fire truck around on the ground as if it were speaking.
. It takes some time and some convincing words that Dean barely realized he’d managed to get out but eventually Sam started to accept the finality of the situation.
Dean’s eyes roamed up and down between Castiel’s bright blue eyes and his pale lips as he struggled to breathe air into his lungs. He shook his head ever so slightly in a moment of disbelief before, as if suddenly possessed by a fearless and confident version of himself, he lunged from his seat and bent down over where the angel sat. Dean hesitantly lifted his hand to cup Cas's face then slid his fingers back across his angel's soft yet stubbled face. He gripped his hand into the hair at the back of Cas’s neck. The men stared deeply into each other's eyes, everything was laid out in the open now, their entire souls were visible to one another, through the pain and yearning in both their emerald and azure eyes. Panting, Dean darted his head forward a fraction closing in the distance between them. His chest rose and fell quickly as his eyes flickered from Castiel's lips back up to his eyes as if silently begging for the angel's permission. Cas inhaled sharply and closed the space between them.
Dean sat watching Castiel's bare chest rise and fall. Sam had cleaned the wounds and dressed them so Cas now looked as if his torso was 60% cotton dressing. Sam also seemed to have cleaned off all of the black goo that had oozed from Cas' face. While sitting mere feet from the angel, Dean tried to mentally prepare for what he would say to him when he woke. His mind raced as he tried to grasp anything of use. He decided that the events of the day mixed with the whiskey he'd just downed had left him unable to come up with anything of value.
Britney spears voice: it's been a while. I know I shouldn't have kept you waiting, but I'm here now.
“You-- you’re--”
“Are you sure you’re ready for this”
“It's nothing to be ashamed of, Dean. At this very moment, there are thousands of souls doing the very same thing.”
“I-- Uhh, Sorry, Sir-- I just--”, Dean began suddenly full of fear and anger and frustration. He didn’t want to have to pray to Cas again if he could help it. He hated how vulnerable and needy it made him feel. He also knew from past experience that there was no way he would be able to get out of this conversation any time soon. If John wanted to talk, there was no escaping, in fact, he’d better come up with a full and comprehensive report on the damned topic. Dean’s heart sank. He knew he had missed his chance to actually talk to Cas, he knew he’d probably flown off by now.
“Castiel.” Dean jumped as Mary’s hand fell on Cas’s shoulder gently. Cas whipped his eyes up to the woman beside him, smiled, and stood. John stood slightly off to the side behind her, watching. Dean suddenly regretted those last three shots, his breathing increased. It felt like the whole night of drinks had suddenly hit him all at once.
Dean chuckled.
“Yeah, uh, I don’t know. I wouldn’t-- I’m not--” He turned his beer in his hand. “I mean--”
Dean processed,
had been useless in the past. He wondered how many times he’d attempted this exact same thing, how many times he’d had this exact conversation with Rowena. He swallowed hard and looked at her. She looked gentler than he’s ever seen her. Her severe makeup seemed a stark contrast between the kind, sympathetic look her face wore.
“It’s okay.” Cas echoed again. “Everything’s okay”. Dean’s breathing slowed until finally, it returned to a somewhat normal pace, only then did Castiel’s grip loosen around him, and was Dean able to swat at the few stray tears on his face. “You okay?” Cas lifted his head from Dean’s shoulder, his voice was gentle. Dean turned to him, seeing the concern plainly visible in his blue eyes.
“Yeah, Cas, see? You’re upsetting the kid.” Dean said, twisting his back to direct his words to the transformer behind him.
“Dean,” Cas’s arms were back around his waist hugging him from the side while Dean continued to awkwardly cut at the eggplant. He laughed softly and twisted his torso around while poking his elbow into Cas’s arm. He peered at Cas out of the corner of his eyes.
“Right,” Simon said, nodding. “The Child God.” Dean laughed.
“No need? Are you sure?” Dean rolled his eyes and bumped his head and shoulder against Cas from where the angel peered up at him, “I mean I figure there may be some need… is that not the whole point...”
“Is this hell?” Dean asked as he blinked at the sudden bright sun that shone down on them where they stood, in the empty field peppered with wildflowers. It didn’t feel like hell to Dean, however,
Sam rides shotgun, Dean sleeps in, The boys drink, Dean kneels on a pillow.
“If there was time, if I was strong enough, I’d fix him now.” The original Castiel explained, desperately hoping to gain some kind of absolution from the man that he now realized he should have clung to as an ethical compass; his north star for morality, an unshakable myriad of human emotions contained in a single body, with a lifetime of making the only right decisions in these types of dilemmas. “I just wanted to make amends before I die”. Dean turned toward him again, this time a small fire flared in his emerald eyes. He sighed deeply.
“Here? In Akron?” He asked, outstretching his hand at Sam over the other side of the room.
“You claim-- when?” Dean turned toward Cas again. Cas shrugged sheepishly as if that was enough of an answer, then, at the look on Dean’s face realized he should elaborate.
"It's hot," Jack complained, turning on the air conditioning and fiddling with the buttons on the front of his jacket, attempting to remove it with his seatbelt still on. Castiel pressed the buckle on Jack's belt to release it.
still call me that, Dean. I mean I
“I was better before I met you; stronger, and I hate you for that. I really-- Man, I fucking
“I’ll also get the Roosevelt,” John added.
“Yeah, Okay”. He grunted sarcastically and shook his head, avoiding eye contact. “It’s not about you risking your life for me,
Maybe this whole thing had been a trap.
“Amelia Earhart didn’t run out of fuel. She was raptured after her plane was shot down by the Japanese Army, to spare her an unjustly painful death.” Dean turned to stare at the vesseled Castiel for a good five seconds and as if by magnetic force the free-range Castiel moved from his spot on the floor, content to simply watch Dean’s face journey as he processed this new information.
“And... it’s Cas!”. He exclaimed. A smile spread across Dean’s face as he shook his head. Sam took another sip of the whisky.
“You’re not sure-- Cas, no need to act modest.” Dean teased. Castiel rolled his eyes with a smile.
“I doubt she's in there though!” Luigi called to her from over his shoulder.
“Thought he was gonna ask for your number for a minute there,” Simon piped, swooping in on a fry. Dean chuckled awkwardly and widened his eyes knowingly at the man across from him. He picked at the fries and glared unseeingly as the “Dykes on Bikes” rode down the street on an assortment of motorcycles.
"Ghosts are popping up all the time, Claire, they're the only thing out there that's still a guarantee". Dean replied, wiping his hands against his jeans. His right hand aching still from earlier.
?” Deanna laughed wildly. “Weren’t you literally only just having a go at me for just reading Dad’s journal?!” Sam smiled.
!” Jack stared up at him blankly.
“The one that-- How do you know?” Deanna chuckled humourlessly.
“So dad, huh?” She finally breached, Deanna raised her eyes, hesitantly.
“Whatever. Point is, I’m going to sleep. So, you won.” Dean flashed his brows and sauntered off out of the room.
“You know in my experience a child won't gain anything worthwhile from a parental figure who uses humor as a juvenile, not to mention overtly transparent, defense mechanism". Penny commented calmly from behind him, his voice low enough for nobody else to hear.
“Well, I guess I don’t hate you”. Penny grinned.
“Alright, well call me if you need anything” he nodded, pausing to wink suggestively at Deanna and circling back through the crowd.
"I mean something is preventing you from finding peace. You seem to have unresolved issues that are keeping you from accessing the tranquility available for you here." Dean huffed and licked his lips squinting at Cas.
“It breaks my heart, Mary” John grumbled, interjecting.
“Dean,” The angel began in their high voice, “You complete and utter…” they glanced down at Dean as they trailed off, their eyes wide.
He drove on.
Dean strode into the hallway and let out the breath he hadn't realized he had been holding. He ran his hands through his hair and leaned against the wall feeling his legs give way. He shook his head, trying to clear it, and ran his hand across his cleanly shaved face. His knuckles ached still from punching his brother the day before.
bond now that Michael was no longer crammed in his brother's vessel? Were the two of them walking around with the same face, and even if they could sort out whatever was going on between them… could angels even be together? Was it allowed? More importantly, Dean wondered, do angels have the capacity to feel emotions the same way that a human does?
“I-- No,” Dean murmured, his voice barely above a whisper.
"Hey, you don't like it, you don't have it." Dean replied "More for me." he added, sliding across the bench to where Sam stood to snatch up his brother's drink as he placed it down.
“I was thinking, a fancy restaurant, maybe a movie… should have known.” He turned back behind him as he walked toward Jack’s bed and flashed Cas a meaningful grin; one that he hoped conveyed his thoughts as followed:
“What’s wrong with me?” Castiel laughed, “Dean, what’s wrong with you? We're in heaven, my grace is slowly but surely renewing itself. You've been mad at me all day. If you weren’t yelling at me now for healing you, you'd be yelling at me about something else.” Dean scoffed.
It's the big one boys.
“I’m gonna head out. Have a look around this place a little before I meet up with the folks for dinner”. He said, staring at the grass at his feet. He trudged past Penny, who scurried out of Dean’s way.
Dean chuckled to himself as he felt Cas climb into the bed beside him. He texted a quick reply.
” Dean replied, his anger slowly faded at the sight of a smile expanding over Castiel’s face. Dean’s own mouth reluctantly wavered as he rolled his eyes and shook his head. “It's not funny.” He stated, biting at his lips to keep himself from smiling. Castiel snickered and shook his head again.
"So what, you're just a regular old angel half-breed again?" Dean asked his eyes firmly pinned to the bitumen as he grabbed a phone from the glove box and tossed it at Jack.
“Shh!” Sam hissed quietly, maneuvering herself so Deanna could peer around the corner. A man and woman in police uniforms were making their way up the stairs and toward them, their eyes roamed over the stairwell as they walked. Deanna pulled at Sam’s wrist and started walking down the opposite end of the hall.
“Fuck off, it’s not funny.”
“You don't have to finish it if you don’t want to.” She stated, tucking the food in her mouth to the side so she could speak without spraying it everywhere. Sam smiled sadly.
“Not that one. The Emma one.” Dean sighed. “It was a bit different. Started out waking up six feet under this time and
Castiel sat by Jack’s small table watching as the toddler molded a vaguely humanoid shape made of a concoction of playdough combined together to create a rainbow swirl of clay. Dean sat on the other side of Jack, occasionally chuckling at himself as he penned down yet another letter to his younger brother back on Earth. Dean sipped at the glass of whiskey he had refilled a number of times this evening already and handed his newest piece of paper to Azreal, who left the room in a thrashing of wings.
“I’m pretty sure I was just voted in as a regent to Jack.” Dean downed the remainder of his beer and dramatically jumped up from his chair at the same time as setting his empty bottle down on the map table. He stood over Cas, looking down on him from above. Cas stared up at him, the inside edges of his brows raised and his mouth pulled together in a line of uncertainty.
"I'm gonna die? Like, for real this time? It works?"
“Wait,” Dean murmured and pulled himself back. He swallowed and tried to concentrate on letting the blood flow back toward his brain. “I’m sorry for earlier, for everything, really. I’ve been going crazy… like, all of this shit?! I can take on another apocalypse but all the emotional crap’s gonna be the thing to finally drive me over the edge”. Castiel chuckled, his warm breath floated against Dean's lips.
"We're getting married," Charlie declared in a somewhat embarrassed tone. Dean's eyes darted up from his plate to find a ring on her finger that he'd missed earlier.
“We had to keep the bunker hidden. We didn’t want anyone to stumble upon it accidentally.” Dean nodded slowly.
“It seemed he was certain he would be a part of the group of angels Jack had come to rescue, given Jack’s forgiving nature and Lucifer’s biological advantage. Rather than help fight the Empty, he took it upon himself to execute his personal vendetta and...” Cas sighed. “I was useless. I did nothing to help further Jack’s infiltration. I barely made it out of there alive. It was bad Dean. It was really bad. I--”. Dean placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder and nodded at him, gruffly.
“Right--” Sam's lips formed a thin line, he seemed unsure how to continue, “I, Uh-- I noticed you’ve been spending some time in the basement”. Dean swallowed hard, his facade faltered. “I know that losing Cas again hasn’t exactly been easy”.
"Not bad, kid."
,” he stated, more strongly the second time. He cleared his throat again “And you Sam?” Sam sighed.
Ash walked over toward the group of people on the opposite end of the bar as Dean, once again, failed to make eye contact with Castiel as he stood in the corner, his body glued in an irritating angle, toward the back of the room.
“You’re still ashamed of me.” He concluded, his voice breaking. Dean sighed and closed his eyes tight. He shook his head before he turned to look at Cas.
“No way, man! I have my reputation to protect” The two brothers grinned at each other as the door swung open.
"Dean".
“Sure kid. You can show me anything you want.” He said, smiling at Jack and attempting a serious face. Jack laughed and brought his hand up to place his index and middle finger to Dean’s temple.
“I didn’t know about Lucifer or the emp--” Penny flicked his hand up and Dean’s voice cut short. He’d recalled feeling this feeling before. Penny had taken his voice from him.
“Right. So there's Metatron, which honestly surprised me, considering how he was the reason so many of us died, and all of us fell.” Cas considered his words, “Well, I am too, so I suppose that’s a little hypocritical of me. His followers have always been fanatics, I assume they believe he’ll keep heaven relatively conservative.” Cas shook his head, clearly weary. “There's also Gabriel,” Cas evidently noticed Dean’s confusion at this. “He is an archangel so it’s an understandable choice.”
“Monsters exist?” Simon stared blindly at the marching group of whatever the hell the people in leather dog masks were.
and only
“Okay... well then, on the count of three”. Charlie picked up a shot in one hand and lifted a finger on the other. Dean and Cas raised their respective drinks as Charlie lifted a second finger, and as her third finger flicked up, the three of them downed their beverages. Dean spluttered as he placed his first glass upside down and picked up the second one, before throwing it back and doing the same with the third. He exhaled sharply and closed one eye tight as he tried to keep the burning liquid down his throat. He looked up at Charlie and Cas across from him and laughed. All of Cas’s drinks had been drained, however, Charlie had only managed to drink one of her shots. Castiel sighed. “I’ll sip on it,” she explained, defensively. Dean snorted and Charlie shot her hand up, blocking Dean's face as she addressed Castiel, “So, What have you been up to?” She asked. Cas smiled.
“What matters right now is you getting the hell out of here, Sammy. Okay? You just spewed your DNA all over a crime scene.” She searched Sam's face, begging her to listen. “You gotta go!” She repeated. “Call the cops and go straight home, you hear me?” Sam’s eyes focused slightly as she nodded. “Good.” Deanna let go of a breath she had not realized she’d been holding. “Good. Okay, take this with you.” She stated as she reached up the skirt of her dress and pulled out a long, thin revolver, from a hidden garter holster. “You see anything, you shoot it, okay.”
“I feel like I should have worn leather chaps or something”, He stared down at his dark blue jeans, and began picking at a thread on the sleeve of his plain black t-shirt.
“Yeah. I guess you’re all junkless light globes and we’re the ones with all the hang-ups.” Cas snickered.
“Umm okay?--” Before Charlie could continue Castiel was back again holding three full bottles of bourbon in each hand. He took his seat back beside Charlie. Dean eyed Cas as he lined the six bottles up and took off their lids, a small smile danced on his lips. Dean’s chest grew warm.
“Michael?” Dean croaked confused, his voice hoarse from crying. The blonde man standing above Dean sucked on his teeth.
“I’m sorry for your death.” She stated warmly.
“Come on, one time?” It was now or never after all.
“I can’t believe you remember that, son,” John shook his head at Dean in disbelief. “We only visited the place one time for a couple of days”.
Now feeling more comfortably uncomfortable in her own clothes Dianna pulled the Impala into a parking space. The two sisters paced up and down the long maze of storage containers until finding the one numbered 542 and after sneakily cutting the padlock on the roller door of the storage container and putting the bolt cutters back into the boot of the car Dianna stood back staring at the corrugated metal, wringing her hands.
“A dream, huh? What about?” He smirked suggestively. Cas squinted at him for a moment before replying.
“Come on, Dean. You really think I’d agree to come back without an upgrade to a starring role?” Crowley droned, shaking his head and pointing at the ring he wore. “King of hell has less appeal once you find out you’d be after your own mother's sloppy seconds.”
"Fix him" He barked at his younger brother, making sure he made direct eye contact with him. He nodded to himself and licked his bottom lip absentmindedly before wiping his eyes and trudging out of the room.
actually apologize to him too, right? You didn’t just--” Dean lolled his head back for a moment, rolling his eyes, before facing back toward Penny.
fine,” Dean interceded.
important. It
“Can it be my turn for attention?” Dean paused and swung around to where Charlie sat alone in a booth by the window, her phone sat in front of her on the table.
"Just thinking about Sammy, missing out on all this family bonding." Dean fluffed up the pillow behind him and lay down.
For a moment Dean considered taking an easier path; praying to Adam instead. After all, he was curious to find out how his younger brother was adjusting to being a literal angel of the lord. Dean wondered, If Castiel had made it out of the empty, then maybe Michael had somehow made it out as well. If so, what did that mean for Adam? What would become of
“It’s my party...”
“I am”, Dean lied, “I mean for once in our lives, Sam, things are actually
“Uhh, I hope not” She froze then brought her gaze back down to the box and pulled out a large old key. “Great. Now we just gotta find whatever it is that this thing opens”.
When Dean’s back first met the wooden supporting post in the barn he figured he’d gone and gotten himself a brand new internal bruise. He found the pain a new flavor of strange. A deep, thick pain that he couldn’t recall ever having felt before, but he brushed it off as he remembered that there was still one last vampire left to kill…
A familiar thrashing of wings broke the sound of cutlery clinking against plates and the low hum of chatter from the other tables. Dean snapped his head toward the sound. A young girl with black braids stood at the edge of the Winchesters table, smiling sweetly down at them. Their conversation, on hold as the family stared at the angel. The entire restaurant fell silent as they watched in curiosity.
“Sam, they’re ready for you, now” Cas stated warmly. Dean slapped his brother on the back.
“It’s only five minutes down the road, right?” She asked, pocketing the key, “I’m not sure I could make it much further than that”. Sam scoffed and typed at her phone again. She smirked at her sister.
“That something’s deeply wrong with me?” Dean finished, looking up into Cas’s eyes as he repeated Cas’s words from the night before. Cas sighed.
“You don’t think I’m "a dick", that I’m "a coward", that I,” Cas air quoted, ““didn’t let you get a word in edgewise”... and you don’t "hate me?"” Cas asked in a clipped voice. Dean nodded and licked his bottom lip.
"Yes, but I'm injured. It took everything I had to get Castiel out of the Empty."
“Fire escape?” Deanna murmured below her breath, as she released her sister from her grasp.
God makes Crayon Art.
“Not to be a huge baby or anything but do you mind, not leaving me right now? I’m kind of freaking out about the whole “
“Thirty dollars?! Just to get into the club? Is that some kind of fucking joke?" She shook her head in disbelief. "Man, I gotta get in on this shit." She chuckled, "Yeah, what you do is, you pay for a hotel room, then scam rich people to pay thirty bucks a pop just to party in it. It’s fucking genius.” Sam laughed.
Sam weaved them through the crowd toward the bar where, once there, she told their table number to a small woman with red hair. After paying for the both of them, Samantha continued toward the door, Deanna followed along behind, occasionally stumbling as she tried to drink and walk at the same time. She shot the remaining beverage as she reached the door and smiled at the bouncer.
“Oh, no deal. No. You’ve misjudged me, Dean. I am merely suggesting that you should be back at the bunker, looking for a workaround, and yet here you are, the closest to hell you can possibly get in heaven, drinking-- What is that?--” He peered at Dean’s glass, “A Mai Tai-- and listening to The fifties version of bloody Morrissey!”
“Too loud?” He questioned, sparing a glance at the angel beside him. “Jack? I mean is he--”
“Lucifer?” He murmured savagely. Castiel looked back out of the front window.
Dean woke knowing something was wrong. The air was thin and with each struggling breath, his tired lungs wheezed audibly. Fear. It had been a while now since he’d felt fear like this. He could taste the feeling on his tongue. It coursed through every single cell in his body, screaming at him that something was deeply, deeply wrong. The darkness surrounded him, engulfed him, and in that darkness, he was finally able to find clarity.
"I don't know" Jack interjected "I feel like I prefer how things are now, in comparison to how it used to be".
He leaned his elbows on his knees and buried his head in his hands. He was exhausted. He cursed himself for letting hope creep in.
a selling point. As is lack of anxiety, and yet here
just asking about the bed, but yeah, I guess it would help to have the whole room. You know, in case it rains or something.” Cas’ smile grew wider for a moment before he returned to looking back out of the window with a sigh.
“Dean, wait,” Cas spoke as he reached out, his hand lightly clutched at Dean's wrist for a moment before he undid his own seatbelt. Dean turned towards the angel, Cas’ blue eyes shone in the moonlight. “Before you go in there's something I have to tell you.” He sighed, “There's something you need to know about Jack.”
“If I show you some pictures, will you shut up about this?” Sam moved to stand beside his brother eagerly as the Dean scrolled through the many pictures on his phone. Images flew by of beaches and cities he and Castiel had visited together, Jack and Castiel in a diner up in Virginia when they’d dropped by to visit, group photos of people eating, reading, laughing and sparing, bunker walls visible in the background. He stopped and clicked when he came to an image of Castiel dressed in a tuxedo, beaming at the camera, his arm wrapped around an unrecognizable old man in a Hawaiian shirt, holding a bunch of papers and looking disinterested.
"You don’t get it, do you! You don’t know what it's like to have an absent father!” Dean spluttered out an attempt at a scoff. He was shocked to be on the receiving end of this speech, so shocked that he could do no more but listen whilst shaking his head in astonishment. “To constantly have to work to get a
“Alright, quit hogging the guy, will you”. Ellen called as she wandered over from behind the bar and pulled Dean into a hug. “You’re a damn fool.” She declared as she released her grip. Dean stared at her, comically offended. “Who in the hell goes out from tetanus? If you just got your shots like everybody else you wouldn’t be here now, and I wouldn’t be worried about having yet another ex-hunter up in my place, drinking me out of house and home”. Dean laughed.
Sam was nervous as he adjusted his tie in the bathroom mirror. There was a gentle humming of chatter audible down the hall through the brick walls of the church bathroom. He sighed and smiled at Dean’s raised eyebrows behind him in the reflection.
he recalled. What was the time now? He knew it was probably 8:30ish, 9:00 at a stretch. He was too scared to look at his watch, too terrified to pull out his phone from his pocket. Dean, as if on autopilot, took his toothbrush and toothpaste out of the mirror cabinet and squeezed the tube onto the brush. There's no way that his dream could have been real. He tried to tell himself. There’s no way! Hadn’t Jack promised the last time that He saw them that He would be a hands-off God? Visiting people in their dreams didn’t exactly count as being hands-off. Dean relaxed a little, bringing the brush up to his mouth. He decided he would try to put his dream out of his mind for now. It was probably just a nightmare. A really lucid nightmare. A really lucid, really specific nightmare but hey, he’d been through some weird shit... so why wouldn’t that transfer over into his dreams? It was probably PTSD. That's what Sam was always saying, anyway. Like the times when Dean randomly found himself unable to breathe sometimes, or when he woke up sweating, Sam standing over him, having evidently just woken him up, or even like that one time when he felt his heart beating irregularly while he was out buying groceries and called the ambulance only to find out that all those years of eating crappy diner food hadn’t actually caught up with him. PTSD had probably leaked into his dream to promise him another reason not to rest.
"Do you miss it... your grace?" Jack asked while adjusting the cool air towards both his face and Castiel's. Castiel considered his query.
Dianna spun around and marched toward the building across the street. A man in a scream mask met her in the doorway of the old red brick building, pulling the mask back off his face and sitting it on the top of his head, he held the door open for her.
“Dark, creepy, something out of Wes Cravins erotic fantasy? Yeah, it's one hundred percent the place”. Dean confirmed, both with himself and to his brother.
“Not that I’m not flattered, Cas." Dean cleared his throat, "but how’d you manage to pull that off? These lights ain’t even real, right?” Dean felt Cas stand from the chair mere inches from him. The angel's hand glided down Dean's arm searching for his hand until their fingers interlaced. His skin was soft and warm and left a familiar pleasant feeling of electricity where his fingers traced.
“Nothing to-- Sure, okay. Except, I know you, Dean, and I know that you’ve been acting like everything's fine when it clearly isn’t.” Sam grabbed at his beer and placed it in front of him. “I know for example, that
Dean's chest pain had gone. He knew that should have been worrying to him, but it wasn't; It was nice. He couldn’t feel much of anything anymore, only a faint tingle in his wrist where his brother clutched him tightly, trying to keep him alive with the force at which he held him.
TW this chapter uses a reclaimed slur in a negative context.
? I mean maybe it’s just me, but surely they could have given you a Dreamscape complete with a drink of rum in a pineapple, or coconut, or some kind of fruit, and our-- or, uh--
"You spent days trying to get me to come out for drinks tonight and now
"I told you-"
She pulled her phone from her pocket and selected Samantha’s address from the list of most recently searched in her GPS app. She followed the directions needlessly back from where she came, walking slowly and calmly in an attempt not to attract any unwanted attention.
“Okay, Cas. Time to stop showing off for the shrink.” Dean placed her hand upon Castiel’s knee.
“We’ve been through this, John...” Mary prompted. John laughed a roaring chuckle and turned back to Dean, leaning across the table.
Dean walked over to the boot and withdrew his keys from his jacket pocket (that he had only just nervously placed inside it) and opened the cache. Immediately, his eyes landed on the small wooden box in the corner that he had never actually had a chance to use. He lifted a ninja star from the box, flashing it in Sam’s direction.
"It's about Dad'', Deanna began, her eyes searched Sam's. Sam shrugged nonchalantly, implying for her to continue. D sighed, heat spread through her chest as she tried to keep her composure, her heart, which had been beating rapidly all evening, was reaching new extremes as she opened and closed her mouth in a desperate attempt at willing herself to speak. She glanced over at the stranger in the room silently imploring him to give her and her sister some much-needed space but unfortunately Jesse simply stared at them, looking frustratingly more emotionally invested in what D could possibly have to say than Sam was. "Okay..." Deanna widened her eyes. She took a deep breath in and swallowed before letting a large breath out and shrugging. "Dad's dead." She clasped her hands together in her lap and pulled her lips into a thin line. Deanna glanced up at Jesse. "Now, do you wanna give us a moment?"
"It's crazy," Sam stated.
“God, maybe in, like, eighties porn or bad soap operas.” She huffed. “It’s good, though. I, uh-- I scored a one-seventy-four on my LSAT’s... so that’s kind of cool”. Sam looked through the crowd as if hoping for Ryan to hurry up and return with their drinks.
It wasn’t a long walk but it felt like miles. Dean had
“Souls shouldn’t need to urinate”. He said, before turning back and looking Dean in the eye for the first time since sitting down.
“I’m an idiot, alright. We already know this." He swallowed hard, leaning in closer to the angel, grinning with newfound excitement, "Cas-- I-- ,” He flustered, then he grabbed Cas’s face in both his hands and planted an overexaggerated kiss on his lips. He drew back beaming, “What do you say, after tomorrow's
While alone in his room, under the pretense of packing his duffle bag, Dean had said an excruciating goodbye to Miracle. He hugged the dog tight to his chest, breathing in the fresh scent of his dog shampoo. Dean’s heart ached as he ran his hands along Miracle's tummy. After lingering in his room for as long as he felt he could get away with, Dean unfurled his arms, allowing Miracle to stand back on all four legs. Dean unwrapped the t-bone steak he had snuck from the kitchen and placed it in the silver dog bowl at the end of his bed. “You be a good boy for Sammy, okay?” he said, ruffling the fur on the top of his head. He stared at Miracle, the pure, innocent, tangible figment of hope that the dog had become, nodded to himself, and with a swing of his bag up to his shoulder, he left the room.
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Dean swallowed in an attempt to coat the dryness in his throat. “Dean? Answer me!” Cas growled.
"Can't do what?" Castiel asked after a moment, in an attempt to pull Dean back out of his head. Dean sighed and rubbed his hand across his mouth. He nodded as he felt a drawbridge lower in his mind. One second was all he needed and he could always pick up the pieces after.
. Besides, He didn't want to bombard him. He wouldn't bring it up, he decided. He nodded to himself in annoyance and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. He ran his hands through his hair in frustration.
“It was Lucifer.” Dean’s mouth fell open and his brows dropped. He pulled his jaw closed, clenching it in anger.
Castiel.
“So,” she began, trying to change the subject, “How's college life? Banging any mustachioed English professors? That is what people go to college for right?” Sam scrunched up her face.
“Uh, yeah, well, you know,” Dean shrugged, “I’ve been mainly helping potty train god, nothing out of the ordinary.” His parents laughed a little at this, causing Dean to relax into his chair. “What about you guys? You shacked up in the old family home or did you finally get that vacation house by the lake that you always wanted, mom?” Mary’s eyes lit up and she hit John on the arm gently with the back of her hand.
"You're gonna spend the rest of your life waiting for ghosts?" She breathed so quietly as if she was worried someone else might overhear.
then, and although it did seem tedious to wait the entire night out, it was oddly peaceful just watching the earth in its natural state from such a different angle than I would normally perceive it”. Dean shook his head.
"No, it's fine" Adam piped up before anyone else could answer, and plonked himself down in the sand. He rearranged his hotdog into one hand and then extended his free one toward Steve, "My name's Adam, I'm Dean's younger brother," Steve Phoenix shook his hand "and this is my main man, Michael," he pointed with his thumb up at where Michael stood above them "who is, uh... kind of Castiel's older brother." Dean shook his head, looking like he was trying to keep the hotdog down.
The two drank their drinks in silence while they watched the strangers around them enjoying their night out. Couples grinded against each other and friends screamed and hugged as they reunited. Deanna tried to imagine that this was the kind of life Sam had been living over the last few years, that her biggest stress would have been relationship drama and finishing essays in time for early morning classes. Deanna sighed, as she tried to push down the envy and rage that bubbled away inside of her. Ryan was back with a silver drinks platter before the girls had finished their first drinks, he placed the tray upon the table.
“What, dude. Look at me! I look like a fuckin’ truck driver”. She kicked her leg out and the large dark blue jeans fell down from where they had been placed, scuffing the floorboards.
“Not tobacco...”
“I think I understand.” He nodded.
He was back in Jack’s bedroom.
“Well, it's awesome.” he ruffled his free hand through Jack's hair, “Thanks for the drawing yesterday. Cas gave it to me, but if it was supposed to be for him, I can give it back.”
"It works".
“I’m not laughing” Castiel's voice was gentle, he stood as close as he could to Dean, his back angled against the crowd. “Do you want me to help you?” Castiel asked softly. He’d learned from the last time he’d tried to cure Dean Winchester's panic attack without asking first. Dean nodded and slid his hand down from its grip on Cas’s forearm into his hand, their fingers intertwined. Cas smiled tenderly. Dean rested his forehead on the angel's shoulder as Castiel’s grace trickled into him through his fingertips, he sighed feeling the euphoria flooding his mind, and relaxed muscles he hadn’t even realized he had been tensing. Dean felt the exact moment Cas’s grace receded, the angelic elation inside of him faded almost as soon as it had begun, leaving Dean with a shot of oxytocin. Dean lifted his head, his eyes boring into Castiel’s, sky blue and full of love. The crowd seemed to fade away as if the two of them were alone on the crowded street. He planted a quick kiss on Cas’s lips and grinned.
“It’s so fuckin’ awesome, Sam. It can kill basically anything. Dad got it off that chick-- remember old lady Elkins?” Sam shook her head slowly. “Yeah,” Deanna smiled, “You might'a been too young.” She giggled, “She wasn’t even that old, I don’t think. Dad stole it from her, pretty sure he slept with her to get it”.
“Yeah, but we may as well finish the episode, right? If I don’t make it all the way to the end, you can just kick me off”. Castiel felt himself explode from his memory’s vessel again and stood up, passing straight through Dean where he lay, and crouched on the floor in front of the sofa, facing the man, content to watch him as he watched the television. He was close enough to count the freckles on Dean's face. Close enough that if he were not merely a manifestation of his own subconscious doomed to wander like a ghost in his deepest regrets, he may just be able to run his thumb along the lines at the corners of Dean’s eyes; the tangible proof that the man that he loves had felt, at the very least, the barest amount of joy needed to have these very human markings of happiness eternally etched into his face. The Castiel frozen in time continued to stare unseeingly at the tv.
The calm events of the morning allowed Dean to really picture himself living it up in this new domestic life in heaven. Just Castiel, Jack, and him; a strange blended family (with the addition of Kelly between the rough hours of 1-7 pm).
“Yeah, anywhere here’s good!” She stated, flourishing her hands at all four of the picnic tables. Dean looked over at the table of people that Charlie came from. His eye contact caused Penemue to stand and climb out of the seat, and Castiel to leave Dean's side to meet the other angel halfway. Dean did a double-take and slapped Charlie on the shoulder. “That Mamma Middleton!?” He didn’t wait for a response and trudged over to the already packed table, leaving Charlie laughing, following in his wake.
“Sammy? It’s me.” Deanna murmured, resting her forehead against the wooden door. The door opened beneath her causing her to fall forward and stumble into the room. She looked up to see Sam standing above her, tear-stained and breathless. Deanna relaxed at the sight, exhaling at the relief of the tension that had built up in her upper back.
leave heaven and never return for
"Thanks, man. Nice skin suit, by the way. He strong enough to hold you're giant ego?" Dean looked to Castiel beside him in hopes of some kind of positive reaction to his joke but instead found only an eye roll. Dean sighed. "Kidding, man, geez."
"Jesse has to go now". She smiled as he chuckled at her over his shoulder.
“You certainly haven’t looked worse”. Cas swallowed hard, trying not to think about what he’d just glimpsed.
"Babe, are you sure you want me to come? Do you maybe want to talk to your sister alone?" Jesse asked in a hushed tone.
Dean’s lungs retracted.
“Okay, well, just wait, and then you’ll see why I can’t shut up about it.” She laughed, her face displaying her best attempt at being stern.
“It's okay, Mom. Really. I think that went better than I could have expected, honestly,” Mary sighed. Dean smiled sadly at her. “Can’t believe you knew and didn’t say anything.” Mary grinned, her eyes were still somber.
miss Sam.” Jack declared. Pushing the humanoid figure toward Dean and adding two branching shapes to the back of it.
"So, I can invite Castiel to Pride too? Like, things won't be awkward for you?" She questioned.
"Well you know Sam, she doesn't like to brag," D explained sarcastically before clearing her throat. "So… Anyway, Jess, now that we're great friends and all, I hate to be rude but do you mind giving me and my sister a moment alone?" Sam shook her head.
“We had a lead on Yellow Eyes and no idea how to stop the cunt. It was either sleep with her or kill her”. She stated matter of factly. Tears welled up inside the brims of Sam’s eyes again. “Fuck, Sam, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean--”
“Yeah, uh, thanks. You too.” Dean replied, before taking another swig of his drink.
“Exactly my point, you’ve given up”. Crowly stated and shrugged before downing a mouthful of his beer. Dean's hand gripped tighter around the rim of his glass.
Did he really not believe it was Dean who was sending him letters?
“You’re not moving out, Cas. Come on.” Dean growled warmly. Cas brought his eyes back to Dean’s, his smile grew as his gaze bore into Dean. “We’re family”, Dean reaffirmed. The two stared at each other for a long time, their eyes taking in every inch of each other's faces, studying each other, searching for microexpressions; any involuntary movement that would reveal each other's thoughts. Castiel’s smile slowly disappeared and was replaced by a pained look. Dean’s jaw clenched as his chest started to ache at the sight. He swallowed hard. “I need you, man. I-- I Just--” Dean sighed, he looked down at his lap. He closed his eyes hard, and breathed in and out slowly, steadying himself. “I need some time.” His eyes widened at his words. “Not as in, "I need time alone". I mean like I need--” Dean was cut off by the overwhelming and pleasant pang he felt at seeing Cas beaming at him. He swallowed again and chuckled, nervously. Castiel's eyes softened.
“You’re okay. Shh, You’re okay.” Cas recited as he rocked Dean back and forth. Dean realized as he caught his breath and clamped his mouth closed shut, that he himself had been the person that had previously heard yelling. “Shh, You’re okay.” Castiel dug his chin into Dean’s shoulder and yanked the blanket down to their feet before continuing to rock them both back and forward as the world righted itself. “It’s okay. You’re okay”.
“You still really want to leave here don’t you?” He asked. Dean gave Cas a quick kiss on his cheek then jumped up out of the bed.
“Yeah, barrel of laughs, that guy. Who knew getting people hitched could be such a depressing gig.” Sam shrugged and his smile faded again.
finding it hard to get used to everyone being gone. Eileen, Jack, Cas? They were our
“Uh, Dean”.
“Pie fest”. Dean repeated enthusiastically, pumping his eyebrows.
“I’m not like other girls,” Sam said, pitching her voice lower to match her sisters. She giggled, pleased with herself causing Deanna to join in, rolling her eyes.
clothes you’re insulting.” Sam clarified. Deanna rolled her eyes.
pretty,” Dean remarked with an eyebrow pump as Cas flinched at the pain from Jack’s toddler feet pinching his thigh to the grassy floor of the bedroom.
“Sam was an accident?” Dean asked, his mouth physically agape.
“No. That's all. Thanks Pen, you’ve been a big help”. Cas nodded overenthusiastically. Penemue eyes narrowed for a moment before he shook his head, then disappeared in a beat of wings. Dean leered at Cas, licking his lips and putting his free hand in his pocket.
“Plan is tomorrow. Today’s supposed to be something of a last horah, you know, party as much as I can, while I can, even though this ain’t even real beer,” he shook his head in disgust at his glass but Simon was no longer paying Dean any attention. He stood as a new group of people marching lined up outside of the bar. It was the largest group yet, Dean noted, he wasn't able to see the end of the crowd of people marching, as it twisted back down the street, and around the bend. Penny was suddenly at Simon's side, his hand rubbing circles over the man's back as tears formed in both of their eyes. Dean stood as he read the sign being held at the very front of the group, in large black letters it read, "Those who lost their lives to the AIDs epidemic".
“Maybe you should go to bed?” Cas felt himself say.
“I don’t know, dude, something! I just told you Castiel... our Cas; a
“Uh, yeah” she threw back another large gulp.
“You’re mate, Jack. Seems he has good taste. I was always rooting for that little runt. Turns out he's quite the safe-cracker. Managed to clear the lot of us out of that place. Or at least whoever was left”. Dean looked at Crowley who stared at his nails, flipping his hand around to view them from different angles. He glanced up at Dean’s irritated face. “What is it, Dean? Is there something you would like to ask me?” He drawled, feigning ambiguity. Dean set his jaw.
“Perhaps he should get a middle place. Jack could create a pocket afterlife where John Winchester would be forced to live all alone with only vegan food, light beer, and the musical stylings of George Michael, to keep him company.” Cas smirked, satiated somewhat by his imagination. Dean frowned.
“It won't fit, don't even try.” She snorted. Deanna smiled sheepishly and retrieved the games from the floor. The two sisters snaked their way out of the cloned labyrinth of storage containers and back to the Impala.
“Yeah… I guess I was.” Deanna shook her head.
“I’m always gonna be a little pissed I missed it” Sam sighed.
"Alright, you girls have fun!" He called back, shaking his head as he trudged off down the sidewalk. Deanna inhaled deeply feeling the tension in the air immediately rise in the man's absence. She turned to her sister.
Dean looked back at Jack in the rearview mirror, his mouth agape, barely able to comprehend what was happening. He had a million questions. He wanted to scream at the boy, he… he…?
Dean started to piece it together. “
"Wow, thanks, Cas, that's very sweet of you". Castiel rolled his eyes.
“One, I sure as hell don't need
“Um, just a second” The lady said as she rose to her feet and scanned a piece of paper at the desk. “Brandy, sure. Um, that's just fifteen dollars each, today.” She said smiling up at them. Deanna snapped her head toward Sam.
“Really, Dean?” Sam scoffed, “You don’t wanna stick around here a few more days, see if a case turns up?” Dean smiled at his brother convincingly. He knew that no matter what they did they would end up in some barn in Ohio, where he had been assured by Rowena he would finally bite it for good. As long as Dean didn’t leave the barn alive after entering, she was certain that the spell would take Dean’s life, and therefore his soul, as a replacement for Sam’s. A part of Dean considered taking Sam and getting on a plane to Japan, New Zealand, anywhere, just as long as it was far,
feeling, the one that he would often get on a hunt. Like, a sixth sense that would let him know that there was something else coming; like, he’d maybe missed one of the monsters that lurked in the shadows; like, there was something watching him. He tried to ignore it but the feeling was getting stronger the more crowded the area they were heading seemed to get. He knew that there was nothing that could actually be wrong in heaven though, and he reminded himself that he was
“I want some!” Jack put his Beanie Baby’s hand up.
“Mmmhmm. Angel. Thingo.” Dean affirmed between kisses.
“Lovely to meet you”. Luke stated his voice low. “What are we drinking, tonight Dean?”.
you could open this place back up,” Dean’s hands gestured to the library walls and war room around them, “Take your place as the Chief again,” Sam's eyes scanned around the room as if transported back in time by his imagination. A warmth spread across Dean's chest at the sight. “You could even quit the life completely, grow your hair down to your toes, and become a corporate douchebag”. Sam rolled his eyes, Dean chucked, “Point is Sammy, there's endless possibilities for you now.” Sam frowned.
“Oh my god, remember the lake house!” John nodded enthusiastically.
"No, it's not. You’re not”. He replied.
“I dreamt that I was a cook at a restaurant. I had a vast selection of fresh fruits and vegetables to choose from along with various herbs and spices. I knew exactly what flavors worked well together and people came from far and wide to taste my meals.” He smiled to himself, his eyes distant as he recalled his memory. “It was incredible”. Dean’s stomach squeezed. He swallowed hard and subconsciously licked at his lips, then inhaled sharply and pat Cas on his bare shoulder.
he supposed. The most important detail being, That this last vampire was still alive and kicking, or more accurately, alive and grabbing him and pushing him into whatever it was that was maybe gonna start to be a problem really soon, and therefore Sammy was still at risk. Suddenly, though, Sam appeared behind, what would have been, the shoulder of where the vampire would have been standing had he not just fallen to the ground, newly decapitated. The next moments passed in a blur. Dean realized before Sam did, that his weird, wrong pain was making his breathing sound kind of hairy. Sam was looking around like he always did after killing a nest; like he was shocked at how well everything turned out like he was proud of how well they’d both fought.
“Cas, could ya give me a second, please?” Dean tried swatting Cas’s hands off of his shoulders but he seemed to have the strength of a three-year-old (not the godly kind).
“It--” Balthazar and Gabriel stated together.
"Yeah... You know if you keep hyperventilating, you're going to wake up before I can even do the job that I was sent here for." Dean tried to steady his breathing, rattled by the fact Adam had noticed his distress. Adam looked deep into Dean's eyes which were now getting heavy.
"Sounds good. I'll be there. Nice use of emojis 🍔🥧🤡🥓🍺🎸👻🗡️". Dean pressed his thumb down on random emojis from his most recently used list, his head snapped toward the angel, as Castiel's laughter boomed through the bedroom. Cas was now shirtless and under the sheets, looking over Dean’s shoulder at his phone.
Hell, he even checked the lake.
“I have to pee.” She stated, suddenly jumping up. Castiel slowly rose from his seat again allowing her to slide out and into the crowd. Castiel eyed her as he sat back down, his brows lowered.
"You're awake," Dean said, stating the obvious, completely dumbfounded. Castiel nodded slowly and stiffly. Dean very hesitantly walked toward the bed in a daze. "Got you this." He said, presenting the blanket at Cas' feet. He internally cursed himself as he reminded himself of Miracle returning a ball when the two of them played fetch.
“Hardly. That was a drive-by at best. Come. Sit.” Dean did as she asked, sliding himself in opposite her.
Dean knew that he had fallen asleep in the Impala. A bubble of calm had claimed him after he had taken Sam’s valium, lulling him into a deep sleep for the first time in months. When he woke, however, he found himself stirring on the cold concrete floor of the bunker’s basement, his body stiff from the hours he had spent curled up crying. A rush of fear washed over him as his eyes tried to adjust.
“Did--” She closed her eyes in an attempt to control her breathing, “Jesse. You didn’t give him a hunter's send-off?” She opened her eyes, peering down at her sister, “did you?” Deanna sniffed then inhaled shakily, her mouth agape as she searched the road, trying to find her reply. Sam huffed at her sister's lack of response, a tear spilled out of her eye and down her cheek.
“Easy enough, but can I ask
“I’m sorry I didn’t drape myself in black and wail for seven days,” he sighed, “but Sam and I definitely did mourn you--
“Me too. Weird, huh.” Keven threw back a mouthful of his vodka cola.
“Is this like one of those hidden base’s hessian bag type’a deals?” Deanna asked, muffled through the thick fabric.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Dean asked, before downing the last of his drink.
“And then have to deal with trying to get him to go back to sleep? Nah. I’ll pass, thanks.” Dean turned as a short, hippy-looking man with wavy grey hair, in long denim overalls, and no shoes appeared from in the hallway.
“Sam,” Deanna whispered, “slower. You look suss” Sam sniffed and turned her head slightly, just in time to see the female cop lift her hand and knock on room number twenty-three. The two sisters turned the corner and ran as quietly as they could toward the window. Sam pulled up the glass framework and stood aside as if gesturing for her sister to go first. Deanna lifted herself onto the metal balcony and leaned herself into the corner, making room for Sam who folded herself in half and climbed out onto the platform beside her. Deanna pulled the rusted metal ladder down and cringed as its joints scraped against itself, squealing loudly as it reached the ground. Sam's eyes were wide with fear from the noise for a moment before she mentally shook herself and climbed down toward the ground. Deanna stood by the window peering through the glass, manically glancing between the hallway and her sister, once Sam made it to the alleyway Deanna raced toward the ladder herself, scurrying down it while her hands and legs shook beneath her. She pushed off and jumped from the fifth last rung and landed awkwardly jarring her ankle.
"Nah, man. I'm pretty sure he's long forgotten about that," Dean held his hand out towards Castiel and flexed his fingers in a grabbing motion, gesturing for Cas's beer. Cas shook his head but gladly handed his Dean the green bottle. "Yep… I'm pretty sure some uptight angel is the last thing on that man's mind right now". Dean continued, almost manically immersed in the newly elated chaos that had become his relationship with his dad. Cas tilted his head on an angle, the way he always did when Dean made a comment that he didn't understand. Dean's stomach tightened at the sight of it, he raised the drink to his lips and threw back a gulp in response.
“Yeah!” Dean breathed. “But I was gonna say…”
“Well in
“Huh”, her mouth sat parted at the sheer lack of apparent secrets and evidence of anything supernatural.
“You’re a fucking dickhead, you know that?!” Dean shook his head, his eyebrows raised in bewildered anger.
“Yes. Hello Cas, It’s me!” Jack stated as if Castiel could have possibly forgotten. He rushed forward as Castiel pulled himself up off the concrete floor.
“He’s still asleep,” Castiel sighed. “It may help that his room is on the other side of the bunker.” he laughed.
By now a swarm had formed around him. His father, seeming content, made his way over to the bar where Ash stood behind the counter. The sea of people ebbed and flowed around him while the Angels stuck to themselves in the back corner of the Roadhouse. Dean tried to make eye contact with Cas, but it seemed that the angel was in a deep conversation with Balthazar. He considered going to interrupt, to say hello, to wrap Cas in a hug if not purely so he would be able to convince himself that Cas was truly, tangibly here and alive... or... well... not in the empty. He took a few steps toward him before Jo, the first of the crowd, approached, grabbing Dean's arm. She looked like she did the day she died, moments before she was torn to shreds by a hellhound; same grey v-neck shirt, same green jacket.
“Haven’t I?” He grinned at Castiel’s smugness fracturing into a frown, “Maybe you were just so sure I was ‘
"We're out now… they don't need us," Sam stated, almost as if he needed a reminder himself.
“I knew we’d catch a break in that storage container.” Deanna beamed. Sam nodded.
"Fine. In the morning." Castiel stretched his wings out, invisibly encircling Dean in his protecting embrace, and planted a kiss upon the top of his head. "Goodnight, my love". Dean stared up at him, his cheeks flushing, his green eyes dancing in wonderment.
“Don’t worry about her, she just likes complainin'. Seems the angels are handing out unlimited pocket money here”, Bobby explained, seemingly astonished by this. “You’ve met my wife, Karen”. He confirmed, standing behind her and placing his hands on her arms. Dean nodded.
“Woahhhh” Dean bellowed at the impact. He bent down, placing his thumbs under Jack's armpits, and groaned dramatically as he lifted the kid and placed him against his hip.
“I think it was just, you know, hell stuff, getting mixed in with today’s gay little events,” He nodded to himself, avoiding looking at Castiel.
"So, we're coming into town." She began, "I figure we've got three options. We check into a motel, get some lunch, have a shower, brush our teeth, maybe I finish that joint?" She glanced at her sister. Sam was still squinting at the world around her as she woke. "Behind door number two, we take our chances at the YMCA, break out the shower shoes, see if we can scrounge up a free feed. Or choice C, there should be some wet wipes and deodorant in the back if you wanna take a whores bath and we see if we can't find some diner on the way." Sam stretched, and grabbed at her neck, rolling it around in a circle.
“Hey,” Cas whispered into Dean's ear before planting a kiss on his temple. Dean’s reality formed around him as his memory came rushing back. His mouth quivered into a grin as he turned his head and body away from the angel beside him in his bed. He cleared the sleep from his throat before he replied.
“Yeah, Charlie, I gotta go. God’s just woken up.” He chuckled.
“Well, Ryan” Deanna began before Sam could answer, “I’ll start with your number, and then maybe we can see about you getting me a tall glass of Sex on the Beach?” Sam rolled her eyes. Ryan’s eyes widened and he glanced around as he chuckled in disbelief.
“You good?” Deanna asked, staring into Samantha's eyes. She nodded in response, her lips pulled into a tight line. “Alright,” D began, knocking her hip against her sister's thigh. “Let's go see what the other half calls a good time”. Sam huffed out a laugh and shook her head. She began walking again but slower now so that her sister could follow along beside her.
“How’d it happen?” Sam’s voice was barely audible over the loud hectic rhythm. Deanna’s hands shook as she sculled the rest of her second drink, she placed the glass down upon the table and caught her breath before replying.
“We have it now,” Cas reminded him.
“And Mary?” Cas asked.
"What? No. Things are fine. Do whatever you wanna do."
“I swear to god, Rowena. If you know something and you don’t help me.
“You, uh-- You happy with everything?” Dean asked, pushing the fries aside in his mouth, then amended his question, “Heaven, I mean.” Simon squinted at him through his glasses.
George Michael vs John Winchester.
Dean felt shocked that he could tell when his eyes started to sting, he knew he was arguing with Sam about some stupid plan of his to save his poor dying older brother, but Dean couldn’t exactly grip at the words he spurred as they tumbled out of his mouth. He knew Sam wanted to think they could somehow walk away from this. Dean, however, knew this was the only way. This was… it was hard to keep his mind on what was going on around him. He warned that out loud, he hoped. He thought he mentioned it, at least.
“Yeah.” Cas smiled sadly from where he sat on the bed, unsure if he should ask Dean if he had considered what the angel had considered; terrified that if he mentioned his thoughts out loud Dean may lose his only chance at ever finding true peace.
“He’s found a new vessel. A twenty-three-year-old french man who was comatose from a motorcycle accident, yet, just alive enough to pray for death. It's quite a sad story, but the vessel is now vacant so Michael intends to stay in it for as long as possible. That's another thing The Council encourages; The use of empty vessels rather than continuing to break up families.” Cas rubbed at his eye. Dean could tell Cas was getting tired, his injuries were clearly bad enough for him to need to sleep which Dean knew meant that his grace was fading.
"Cool", Dean cleared his throat, "Cool… we, uh, we should go to bed and kiss some more… right?" Dean's eyes narrowed, his anxiety suddenly returning as if Cas hadn't continuously just spent the whole night making every chick flick Dean had ever seen now seem like they had embarrassingly lackluster declarations of love.
"I mean, yeah. Obviously, I can see way more shit than I could before, and I barely understand any of it yet, but I don't have to take a dump ever again, and this new heaven still gives you the perks of pizza and hotdogs, so I guess it
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled to himself. He watched, transfixed, as Jack wandered over and wriggled himself between their two bodies, his mind silently sending a prayer to the small child next to him, pleading that Sam would believe that they were all truly working on some way to bring him back, at least for long enough to buy a little time; at least for long enough that Sam may learn how to live without him.
He decided, squinting at himself in the mirror. What were the chances anyway? He'd been praying to Jack every single night for the last five months. He knew this was a long shot. He only needed to prepare for what he'd do when this doesn't work, not what he'd do if it did.
Deanna knocked a sweaty hand against the door numbered twenty-three. She pulled her fist down from the old wood, keeping it balled up, clenching and unclenching it as she shook her leg nervously, her ankle twisting up and down in her heeled shoe. She swallowed hard as the seconds passed, attempting to coat her dry throat. She heard footsteps approaching from the other side of the doorway. The door swung open and a tall man in a long, brown wig, and dressed in a white unruly wedding dress peered down at her. He regarded Deanna before speaking.
“Uhh, maybe Winchester?” The two went back and forward a few times until Dean proposed “Mary” and the man led him through the first room and out onto a back patio.
“Hello. My name is Jack” he said walking his teddy over to Dean.
“Yeah, right. No, I remember.” he turned back to the board and then gently placed the knife down and shook his head, his heart pounding hard in his chest. “I was thinking I could stay here, maybe look after Jack if nobody else is gonna be here.” Castiel approached Dean, stood beside him at the kitchen island, and peered up at him in an attempt to get him to meet his blue eyes.
“Hey, kid.” Dean walked over to the desk and grabbed at the chair. He pulled it through the grass, ripping out the occasional wildflower as he brought it toward the bed and plonked himself down into the wooden seat. Dean blocked his nervous face from view by the coffee mug as he downed the remainder of the beverage, trying to wake himself the hell up so he could get his emotions under check. Jack wiggled himself free of the bedsheets and stumbled over toward Castiel, tapping him on the shoulder, then leaning in towards his ear and covering his own tiny mouth with a cupped hand.
The pair's lips crashed together, moving gently against each other. Dean's world seemed to stand still as he finally found a sense of peace. No other thoughts plagued his subconscious for the first time in his entire life. He was simply there, at that moment, kissing the love of his life for the first time. Their mouths parted and the men's tongues met. Suddenly Castiel let out a deep noise of content from the back of his throat. At the same very moment, the bunker lights exploded, raining sparks around them.
"It was… convenient... not necessary." he weighed.
about you.” Cas’s brows shot up.
“Dude, I said in the morning”. Cas sighed melodramatically.
“Another?” Dean turned to see Ash smiling at him as he placed another four fingers of whiskey in a glass down on the bar mat next to Dean's hand.
“So, no more special joints before bed?” Sam asked, cocking her head to the side playfully. Deanna licked her lips.
“She was pissed, it was the middle of the night, and she looked like I’d woken her up... But I guess, she did ask me out to dinner? Said she’d visit Wednesday from South Dakota.” Dean leaned over the sink and spat.
“I have too.” he admitted “I just… I don’t know. It wasn’t important, ya know? We always had more important shit to deal with and with Sam always being around and--” he swallowed and turned on his back so he was staring at the ceiling again, “I don’t know. I mean it
“Pen told me you’re new at… all of this. Sorry if it’s awkward. I’m not really good at indoctrinating baby gays into the fold”. Dean pulled his lips into a thin line.
"Ugh," Dean feigned disgust, "The Bobby Singer I know would be out cold by now. What is it five pm?" He placed his now empty bottle on the table beside him.
“I hear Jack is taking a more
experience”, Dean began loudly, causing everyone in the room to peer at him from behind their easels, “not only are all shrinks a complete crock of horse, uh” he looked over at Jack who beamed up at him, “...
“What did Jack show you that caused you so much turmoil?” he breached gently. Dean shrugged.
“It was mainly, uh,” He threw a thumb over his shoulder, “The Little Guy.”
and then, you know… It’s not like many churches are handing out fliers with two dads on the cover. I guess I kind of assumed I was probably heading down after your whole dramatic reveal and swift exit to the empty... The shit that you woke inside me...” Cas smiled sadly and pressed his lips to Dean’s scarless shoulder.
Dean’s mouth found Cas’s again, he couldn't help it. He felt as if he could have personally been the one to explode the lights around them, like, he himself had just taken on the power of a million suns. He was the highest he'd ever been, grinning as he pecked little kisses onto the angel's lips, silencing him.
“Yeah, well”, he began, walking toward the decanter that sat in the corner of the room, "I’m fine. Cas’s dead and he ain’t coming back.” He poured himself three fingers of whiskey and downed the glass, before refilling it with another four, and walking back over to his seat.
"If it's any consolation, it'll feel like no time before Sam arrives". Dean angled his head backward to look up at Cas.
"Sorry", Jack began. He looked exhausted. "I didn't realize how hard it would be… rescuing Cas" He clarified. Dean nodded. "When I heard your first prayer, I wasn't really sure what to do. God doesn't have any power in the Empty so I couldn't really "Make things right"" he explained, quoting Dean back to him. "I wanted to help, after everything with Mary…" He trailed off. Dean shook his head and was about to interject. "I visited her in heaven". He stated. Dean was taken off guard, his mouth physically agape. "She invited me in and made me breakfast." he smiled fondly. "I told her everything that had happened since she died and asked her if she would like to come back to Earth but she had said that she thought it was time she stayed there." Dean's heart plummeted but he tried to not be consumed by the rejection. Jack continued. "I needed to make amends for what I had done, though. So I fixed heaven," Jack said matter of factly.
Cas, a being, basically as old as time itself, had easily managed to stay alive his whole damn life before meeting the Winchesters; before plucking Dean from his eternal damnation, and ever since that day, all he had done was die. Castiel had died for them over and over. He died because he was too trusting; he believed in the good in everyone too much. He died because he was too wrapped up in making the world a better place for humanity, and as if that weren't enough, he had died making heaven a better place for them when their lives finally ended. Castiel had died over, and over again, protecting Dean, and Dean had died over and over again watching him do it. Now, Cas was alive again and Dean had died, and even in death, Dean was dying; smothered by emptiness, skewered, carved, imploding, exploding, torn apart completely.
“Yup,” Dean responded and grabbed at the zucchini that sat waiting in the pile of vegetables beside the chopping board. He got to work, slicing and dicing trying to ignore the anxiety he felt, though distantly, thanks to heaven.
“You’re double-parked”. Dean commented. Keven’s eyes were glassy as he brought them up to Dean’s questioningly. Dean glanced emphatically between both drinks. He was feeling the alcohol but had built up a tolerance over the years and clearly... Kevin had not.
“Hello, Dean”. Standing before him in a long emerald dress stood Rowena. Dean exhaled, relieved.
Dean turned to face the angel. He shook his head again. “How are you… so… I don’t know… you seem so cool with all of this?” He swallowed. “Like I’m not
“Uh, yeah. I’ll have that too” Dean stated. “You guys sell beer?” he asked as he flipped the menu, taking in the text for the first time. The waitress pointed at the drinks section of the menu across the table. “Oh, I’ll just get the house, uhh--” he looked between his parents, “You want a jug?” John and Mary looked at each other and then nodded.
“You gotta pay to get in?” she hissed under her breath causing the desk lady's smile to waver. Sam huffed at her sister and pulled her wallet from her pocket. “Wait, no. I got it.” Deanna said fumbling to get thirty dollars from her own wallet. She eyed the woman as she reluctantly handed over the cash. The lady pulled out a stamp and stamped one of their wrists each, atop their matching second pentacle of Saturn tattoos. The two Winchester's headed up the stairs.
“Hey man, if you’re not busy I wouldn’t say no to a local tour guide.” He opened his arms up, baring his soul, a smile on his face. Still nothing. The sound of crickets chirping, frogs croaking, birds singing, and the river below him rushing by rang through his ears like a slap in the face. He nodded, his anger growing.
“And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon, Little boy blue and the man on the moon, When you comin' home, Dad, I don't know when, but we'll get together then, You know we'll have a good time then.”
“Yeah, me too,” Dean replied, raising his brows and throwing his drink back. “I was pretty tempted to enforce The Men of Letters Code for you once we figured out that Ketch had done you in.” Mick glanced behind them into the crowd to where Ketch sat talking to Mary and John, “But, turns out the Asshat actually proved useful and got onboard Team Free Will. So-- I guess--”
“Any of what?” Castiel asked, curiously. Balthazar chuckled.
“Yeah, no.” Lucifer shrugged, “It’s not looking good, buddy.” He pulled an archangel blade from his pocket and smiled down at where Cas lay. As his smile grew so did he, his form expanded; his six wings, covered with eyes, unfurling in a display of power.
Dean’s lungs expanded.
“I think they would have just assumed that you were the most committed fanboy out of the three of us-- I-- If you were there when they--” Dean pinched his nose, “I would have probably set fire to the whole freakin' building--”
Castiel stared at him, his mouth agape, his brows drawn.
The two were silent as Cas drove on. Dean’s thoughts were of Cas as they sat there silently in the front seat. Dean felt safe again for the first time in months; relaxed, deeply calm, and he knew that it was simply Castiel's presence that he had to thank for that. He wanted to elaborate, to bring up the prayer he had so carelessly yelled at Castiel earlier, let him know that
“Big night?” Sam asked as he shuffled over toward the toilet. Dean pulled his toothbrush out of his toiletry bag atop the sink, where he had placed it before heading off to the pie festival just the day before.
Dean shook his head and reread his response. He folded the paper until it resembled a messy square and whistled two tones; one high then low, as he flicked the paper in his hand toward Azrael. The angel jumped and straightened up. Their hair was now sticking up in at least nine different plumes from their head, tied with mismatched hair ties, and their cheeks had layers of glittery animals and flowers stuck to them. Dean lay his back down into the grass as Azreal made the journey from the room and to earth once again.
He replayed Cas’s death over and over in his mind, Cas’s eyes full of tears, but also, disturbingly full of peace, as he was swallowed by the black, bubbling tar of the Empty.
“Yeah.” Sam assured, “D‘Jack go to bed?” Dean nodded. “Good. He looked awful”. Sam declared, before clearing his throat. He was cautious as he continued. “Cas’ all patched up and should be fine now.” he took the bottle back from his brother and took a shot, gently exhaling at the resulting burn in his throat as it made his way up his now bruised nose. “It’s not like he hasn’t been through worse.” Dean nodded absentmindedly. His brother handed the bottle to him again and he took another swig before passing it back. “You gonna go take the first watch or should I?” Dean considered for a moment. A million thoughts ran through his head.
