“Thank you,” he whispered, laying the dress down on the bed and running his fingertips over the soft fabric.
Steve nodded and patted his chest again, finally noticing that he had ruined his paint. He grunted and stood, waving at Tony to move back. He slowly inched back in the tub, only to suck in a breath when Steve stripped off his boots and skirt and climbed in. Tony pointedly looked away and handed the soap over when it was requested, busying himself with balancing Peter on his chest so he could have both hands free to wash himself down. All he wanted to do was get out of the water and get changed into a more protective barrier of clothing, but once he stood to get out, Steve waved at him and held both hands out, then stood up himself. Tony tucked Peter’s head into his chest and dared to take a quick glance. He could not deny the rush of arousal he felt when looking at Steve; without the warpaint to distract his eyes, the curves and sharp lines of his body stood out on pale skin, giving way to the rippling muscle underneath. His eyes began to drift lower before he caught himself and looked away. The man was, supposedly, going to become his Alpha, so he was curious as to what he was going to have to…
“You need a shower,” he said, smiling when Steve giggled into his side, “You do. Maybe I can convince the nurse to let you join me?”
He took a deep breath, so Steve squeezed his hand again, rubbing his thumb over his knuckles.
“You making any progress over there?” He called, not looking up.
“—and I want to share this with you,” he continued, finally meeting Steve’s gaze to smile, “It’s a lot. I know I don’t talk a lot about my childhood, but I love you, and I trust you, so I wanted to trust you with this. You don’t have to respond to it at all, I just—I want you to have it. I want you to have all of me.”
“I don’t know if I wanna go home, J,” Tony answered honestly, unable to help the fresh flow of tears when Jarvis reached over to take Tony’s small hand in his gnarled one, “I—with Dad, I just—”
“So, does this mean you found drinking water?” He asked, surprised by how much he liked the nutty taste of the acorns, “You had to wash out the tannings, yes?”
“I know, I know. I am starting to accept that. It may take Rhodey longer… he has watched over me for a long time and can be suspicious of others’ intentions. You might have to pull out the stops to impress him, yeah?”
cute, but…whatever.”
“What happened? Are you okay?”
“Ah, Stark, so glad you could join us,” Zola’s voice came from a nearby monitor.
“There. All soft and boy-friendly,” Tony declared, “
Bruce was the one to break the silence. “We should try to sleep in shifts. Then we can keep going at first light.”
“Tony?”
“Did you stitch him up? I did not know that you were well-versed in medicine.”
“We should clear this with Steve first,” Bucky grunted, still eyeing the layout plans, “But I think you’re right. This might just be the main facility, and underground tunnels wouldn’t show on the scans. There might be old mine shafts under the sand, or possibly—”
It was his threat--or maybe his tone, he was not sure--that finally got through. Steve growled loudly and shook, managing to get his feet up onto the wall to push. The extra force from his thighs allowed him to rip the manacles out of the stone wall and he fell to the ground on his hands and knees. The sound of the metal clanging against the ground was almost deafening; Peter startled awake and began to wail, at which Steve looked up, ready to pounce. If he had not been expecting it, Tony was sure he would have not made it out of the cell, as he barely got out the door and locked it before Steve leaped toward them. The Prime banged up against the bars and howled, sounding more distressed than angry.
Tony yelped and whirled around in his chair, only to pout as Pepper clacked into the workshop in her tall stilettos. She sighed once she got close enough to inspect his face, reaching up to brush her thumb over the bandaging on his forehead.
Steve gave a teary smile at that and nodded. Relief loosened his shoulders and Tony squeezed the back of Steve’s neck, idly rubbing his thumb over their bondmark.
The Warlord turned to the group and spoke quickly, waving his hands as if to direct them. Within minutes, the group had split up, running off into the forest.
“You have been very good to me. Most Alphas, let alone regal ones, would refuse to put up with someone as bull-headed and stubborn as me. You can have easily had us thrown back to the sharks or killed, but instead, you let us in to take care of us. Granted, it may take a while for us to fully understand each other, though I have heard that you really are soft-hearted.”
“Now, don’t touch, it's hot, and it could hurt you,” Tony said, making sure to keep an eye on PJ, “So, once the milk is hot, you add your chocolate. Some people use chocolate chips or bars, but I use a special cocoa powder from Switzerland. It’s the real deal and has to be sifted.”
I love Pete as my own.”
At the name, Steve perked up and nodded, jogging over to the door to yell down the hallway. Tony sighed and dressed in the other clothing provided, only to marvel at how soft the fabric was. The bottom piece was a pair of flowy pants that had a tie to cinch it at the waist and the top was a loose shirt that would have swamped him, had it not been cut short. He had a hard time coming up with a reason to want to ask for something else, but when he picked up Peter and shifted his legs, he blushed again and considered asking Thor if the padded underwear was normal for all Omegas.
“Can you go with Nat and eat without me?” He asked, cocking his head to judge the boy’s response, “I need to go get you something better to wear. Can you be without me for a bit?”
He took his seat on the throne and Tony followed, plopping himself down sideways onto Steve’s lap and draping his legs over the arm of the chair. Gently, he laid Peter down on his thighs, smiling when the baby cooed and reached up for the strings hanging off of the collar of Steve’s shirt.
“You cried? Baby, you weren’t supposed to
“Superman,” Clint interrupted, “Always Superman.”
Tony felt the familiar trickle of anxiety at the mention of the Hulk, but he outwardly pouted more, growling at Steve’s amused smile.
“I’m always in trouble,” he yelled back, winking.
Feeling Steve bristle at the name usage, Tony swallowed his momentary guilt, more focused on pocketing his phone and shushing PJ before the boy could whine. Realizing the device wasn’t coming back, the boy opened his mouth as if to cry, but quickly snapped it shut, looking up at Steve with wary eyes.
“Ha-ha, Tony. That’s hilarious,” He hummed, looking over in Tony’s lap at the babe, “So. Child. Explain.”
“Will he tell us what happened when he wakes up?” Rhodey asked after a moment.
“Wait, I waited until
Looking down at the still confused and bewildered child, Tony held his palm out, letting PJ rest his hand on his again. Carefully, the trio made their way back to the living room, where Tony noticed Bruce was gone and another small gathering had begun. Frightened, PJ cried out and hid behind Tony’s leg, clutching at his pants for dear life.
Tony rolled his eyes, smiling despite himself. He thanked T’Challa again and left, heading straight to the kitchen. Internal suffering usually made him peckish for alcohol, but he was being good, so he threw himself into cooking dinner for PJ. Halfway through cooking the chicken, familiar footsteps padded into the room, and Rhodey appeared at his side, leaning against the countertop.
Steve pouted and flushed, ducking down under his blanket to avoid Tony’s eyes as he kept reading:
Tony sniffled again, but he nodded, letting Miss Hill take Steve and Bucky back inside. He ran up to the door to watch as Steve and Bucky were stuck in chairs facing opposite corners, clearly unperturbed by their predicament. Those ten minutes were the longest of his life; he ended up picking dandelions with Clint, but he kept glancing over his shoulder to wait for Steve to run back out. Just as he had made a nice, full bouquet of grass stalks and dandelion flowers, Tony turned for the umpteenth time, beaming as he watched Steve dart across the field to him. He let Steve run into him for a hug, happily snuggling into the boy’s warmth for a moment.
“Unfortunately, yes, but so is hitting your kids,” Steve answered, creeping over to Tony’s side, “Tony? Can you look at me? Hm?”
Silence fell over them. The thought of being in such a stupor that he could not care for Peter worried him; he carefully pulled the baby away from his chest and brought him out from under his shirt, smiling when he giggled.
“Does he?”
“Hey. Hey, sweetheart, you’re alright,” he tried, getting down on his knees to try and seem less threatening, “I know that was pretty scary, huh? Getting woken up like that? I’m sorry that happened, pumpkin.”
“You know that I would do anything for you, yeah?” Steve mentioned quietly, standing to wring out the washcloth and lather it up again before swiping it over Tony’s belly, “No matter how bad this is, or how bad your nightmares get, or if you end up wearing a catheter to bed because this becomes a permanent issue—I will
“Shut up,” he snarled, “Who told you that you could bring these pests into the house again? Didn’t you learn your fucking lesson the first time?”
Of course, Steve woke up first, just before the pilot announced their descent and a reminder to fasten their seatbelts. With a soft smile, he gently roused Tony from his nap, kissing his forehead gently to help him adjust to his surroundings.
amount of food. Perhaps calling it a plate was not descriptive enough: “platter” might convey a better sense of the size, or even “trough.” Either way, Tony had to forcibly keep his mouth closed to keep from drooling onto himself. He went first for the section of fruit, picking up various cuts of melon and berries to eat. Moving clockwise, he easily polished off each section until he ended up at the meat.
as much.”
“Incorrect, he’ll actually make you stay because he’s a
“C’mon, you.”
“…Did you really have to bring the Mr. Stark-Rogers card into it? That’s cheating.”
“I know how we’re going to make them see like unromantic fools,” he said darkly, cackling to himself as he rubbed his hands together, “Oh, we’re going to give them a run for their money—”
“Maybe later,” he murmured, casting his gaze to his feet, “Thanks, Tony.”
Steve laughed at that, lightly squeezing Tony’s hips in affection. He sighed softly, a warm smile twitching up his lips.
onto him!”
“This is James Rhodes,” he explained, sniffling and wiping his tears away.
“…Yeah, I’m staying. Mom is coming too,” Steve grumbled in embarrassment, folding his arms over his chest, “She wanted to make sure I stayed.”
, and he’d slept so well in it for once that he didn’t feel like leaving. With a nod, Tony flopped over and tucked himself further under the sheets, groaning as he felt the bed rise when Steve stood.
“I just feel really,
, but it’ll happen.”
“Alright. Widow, Hawkeye, take lead. Iron Man and I will do side rooms. Thor, you watch our backs,” Steve called out.
It was his last card to play. Tony swallowed nervously and turned around, only to take a startled breath, as the Prime stood just a few inches from him, towering over them. Shaking, Tony lowered Peter into his arms and removed his swaddling, cradling the nude babe in his arms. The Prime’s eyes grew large as he looked between the baby and Tony, clearly staring at their unclaimed markings. Peter looked up at the Prime and reached up a chubby arm, whimpering when nothing was given to him to hold onto. Tony immediately shifted him to one arm so he could let Peter hold onto his finger, but the baby was already upset, and he began to cry.
After he got a nod, Steve started to move, beginning with deep, slow thrusts. He almost pulled all the way out before pushing back in, praying to every deity he knew of that he lasted more than a few thrusts.
Steve grunted when Tony ground down on him, grabbing his waist to still him.
“Oh, nuh uh, nope, no turning our kids against me,” Tony griped in the background over PJ’s excited shriek.
He grunted as PJ threw himself back into Tony’s hold, but he quickly got his arms around the boy, picking him up off the floor so his bare feet wouldn’t touch the concrete. With some maneuvering—and a hell of a lot of internalized screaming from the pain—he managed to get them both onto the one bed, his arms still tight around PJ.
“There we go, little rabbit. Nice and easy,” he soothed, stroking Tony’s back, “Your mother is a smart woman, no? I doubt she would put herself in harm’s way unless she had a reason to. You are her
“I am sorry,” he whispered, unable to loosen up due to the shame he felt,  “Y-you just bathed, you will have to clean up again—”
Tony raised an eyebrow and looked over at Sam and Barnes’ stony faces, wondering if they managed to keep their faces calm because they were so used to Steve waxing poetic about him. He winked and Barnes’ eyes went wide, then Sam doubled over in laughter when the two men realized what was happening. Steve looked between the three of them, absolutely confused.
“Fucking dumb,” he grunted to himself as his pen flew over the packets, pushing them into the arms of the nearest nurse once he was done.
“Is that even possible?” Bucky asked, grunting at Natasha’s elbow to his stomach, “What? If Steve can do it, I probably can too. I’m curious.”
about someone caring, I—”
“Yeah, kid, that’s me. Your old man,” he said back, giggling as the boy beamed up at him, “You can keep calling me that, by the way. Might as well, right?”
“I am never going to get used to this,” Tony grumbled to himself.
“Steve. He’ll be okay. I—I don’t know what kind of fresh hell he’ll be in, but we’ll be there for him,” Bucky said, earning a nod from Rhodey, “Once we’re wheels-down I’ll call in the cavalry.”
Steve rolled his eyes as he pumped shampoo into his hand to lather up his sandy hair, grimacing at the feeling of the granules between his fingers. He rinsed and set up his conditioner, letting it sit as he twirled Natasha’s knife in his hand. Slowly, he worked up his legs, keeping his pained noises deep in his throat as he cut open the puckered wounds where he’d missed bullets. They clinked against the tiled floor as he flicked them out, sighing in relief when each of the wounds began to heal over properly. By the time he was done, he had a lovely pile of bullets on the floor, but when he rolled his shoulders back, he knew he had missed a few.
He took his time disembarking, not wanting to accidentally trip or disturb the babe in any way. Feeling the eyes of the Avengers, plus those of Fury and the remaining SHIELD agents on his back, Tony kept his head tucked against PJ’s cheek, keeping one hand on the back of his head to keep the boy supported correctly.
Steve hesitated, then carefully stepped into the room. Tony felt his eyes widen and his jaw drop, but didn’t realize he was staring until the other boy flushed and stared at his feet.
“Maybe you’re not the only one with the repertoire for taking care of the kid, Stark,” Natasha said quietly.
Tony patted his cheek and tugged him down for a kiss, effectively shutting up his stammering. It seemed to be a good distraction, because Steve went quiet and got a dopey look on his face as he led them out of the bedroom and down to where they were keeping the prisoner. Before they could go in, Steve stopped them and poked his head in, most likely checking out the scene. He then opened the door all the way and stepped in, allowing Tony to pass.
Thor’s voice startled him and he yelped, causing Peter to unlatch and begin to cry. All three men shot the translator a nasty look, but Thor just put a hand on the Lieutenant’s shoulder.
Tony immediately teared up, and once he got Natasha off of his lap, sprinted over to Miss Hill, tugging on her pant leg to get her to stop.
Tony could only watch in tears as his best friend was dragged off and his Alpha was restrained. The bond was still burning, but an arm slipped around his shoulders and seemed to cool the heat.
Rhodey shrugged.
Tony looked over his shoulder and up at Steve, his honey eyes filled with tears. He sniffled and nodded, a wobbly smile making a small appearance.
“Shut up, we are
His comforting was interrupted by another sentence from Natasha.
“James? For Rhodey?” Pepper finally spoke, shifting a little on the arm of the couch.
“You okay?” Steve murmured, running his fingers through his husband’s wet hair, “Need anything?”
, Steve thought to himself, laying his head on top of Tony’s to try and help the other relax as he began:
He carefully curled his hand around PJ’s, holding it with a light grip as not to scare him. Satisfied with the new development, PJ held tight to Tony’s hand as Tony led them to the kitchen, disposing of the multitude of gross tissues from his pocket before attempting to wash his hands. Realizing PJ wasn’t going to let go, he settled with hoisting up the boy to the sink with murmured soothing words, deciding they would both wash their hands at the same time. As soon as they were both clean, Tony turned to set PJ down, letting go of the boy for a moment.
Steve laughed wetly and sniffled into Tony’s neck, comforted by his husband’s sure and steady arms. He gave himself a few moments to relish in the warmth before pulling away, wiping the rest of the snot and tears off of his face. He smiled at Tony, ignoring his look of disgust when he grabbed his hands again.
part of the serum—”
“Oh, knock it off, Captain Tightpants, I was going to apologize, but apparently you’d rather start a fight,” Tony shot back, raising an eyebrow, “But I’m not doing that, either, since you have PJ with you. If you want to get into a screaming match, it’ll have to wait.”
been fucked like that. Betas are so
He had to bite his lip to keep from laughing at Steve’s wide eyes. Peter must have noticed that he was distracted, as the babe grabbed his shirt and tugged, either for attention or for food.
“My apologies, I saw—”
“Damn, Steve, you’ve
“Thank you, Thor,” Tony said softly.
“Try to hold still.”
“Awe, Barnes, he doesn’t like that you’re trying to take his woman,” he teased, smiling over at PJ.
“Right. You’re right,” he admitted, snuggling back into the hospital bed.
Yelping, Tony whirled around and nearly smacked into Steve’s chest, having to tilt his head up to look at the blond’s face. Finding nothing but concern etched on Steve’s features, Tony breathed a sigh of relief, spreading his hand over his reactor.
Sam nodded with a noise of agreement, only to yelp as he was smacked on his arm by Natasha, who walked up in her own angel costume.
At the threat of Pepper, Tony pouted, but sunk back down onto the bed, letting Rhodey tsk as he covered the engineer with a blanket.
Knowing that Peter was asleep, Tony felt more comfortable to allow himself to drag his eyes down Steve’s body, trying to not squirm at the arousal that coiled in his guts. The man’s posture allowed him to have a full view of his front since Steve sat with one heel up on the side of the chair as if he was presenting himself. Tony had already known he was mostly covered in downy hair, but with the full visual, he could not help but stare at the thick thatch of blond hair that spread out from the base of his cock and up toward his belly. He had thought he preferred more clean-shaven skin, yet all he wanted to do was crawl over to the Alpha and shove his face into his crotch, just to feel the curly hairs scratch across his face. It was embarrassing to have those thoughts about a man he barely knew.
“Look at you, all laid out for me. I should keep you like this--you would like that, would you not? Be my little toy, all stretched and ready for my cock at the end of the day,” Tony said, slipping his thumb past Steve’s rim just to watch it disappear inside, “What would the others think if they know their mighty Prime was just another hungry cockslut, hm?”
“I’m…as expected,” Tony answered carefully, staring at the chicken in the pan, “I need to talk to Steve. I’m used to shoving this stuff down into the pit that used to be my sternum. Him? Not so much.”
Tony rolled his eyes and tugged down his shirt to show Rhodey his virgin glands, then flipped him off.
turned Steve’s face an interesting shade of red. His scent still came off as angry, yet through the bond Tony could recognize that his anger was masking some other unidentifiable emotion. He tucked the knowledge away and decided to deal with it later. He sat up straight and helped Peter sit up in the crook of his arm, almost daring Steve to try and move them.
“Oh Jesus, Nat. Don’t say that shit,” He breathed, suddenly feeling very cold.
He was barely understandable through his sobs at that point, but Steve’s arms drew him in and held him close to Steve’s chest, as warm and as solid as he had always been. He let himself cry, soaking up Steve’s comforting whispers and the gentle scratches on his scalp until he suddenly remembered their newest plans for the day.
“Yeah, it is. I’m working on its tanking capacity,” Tony replied, his tone mildly surprised while he shifted in place. “I, uh. Wanna be able to up the damage it can take without making it too hard to maneuver in, so right now we’re in the process of finding that sweet spot where the damage is significant, but not fatal.”
studying the grease mark on his sneaker, pursing his lips like he’d been caught doing something he shouldn’t have. “Really?”
He wondered how much Tony and Howard were alike, whether or not they got along well. If the few rumours he’d heard about the younger Stark were true, then it seemed like the guy followed in his dad’s footsteps to the tee — built-in bullshit detector included. He said nothing, though, brow furrowing together in thought before tipping his head back and huffing, defeated.
“The cube is also safe, Captain.” Weird-suit man smiled thinly, the words no more revealing than his first statement had been.
Just need to get that mile down to two minutes.”
Yeah, Steve liked her. He offered a light smile, hands slipping into the pockets of his khakis while sneaking another glance at Tony, who had, coincidentally, decided to study a grease mark on his sneaker in that exact moment.
Tony scoffed, as if a voice hadn’t just responded from the goddamn ceiling. “Everybody likes superheroes, J. None of that’s conclusive. I programmed you smarter than that, didn’t I? God, I swear— I’ll donate you to MIT. No,
He wanted to ask the question. Wanted that to be the case. Was desperate for it. What a horrible person he was, hoping the love of his life was in hell by his side. What a terrible thing it was, to feel a pang of disappointment when his vision focused, and the angel’s outline became clearer.
“No Sir, we do not,” came the easy reply, a ghost of a grin tugging on Fury’s lips. Steve wasn’t sure why he took it as a challenge, but it was enough to make him cut his gaze back out to the Parish.
“You did agree to this,” Pepper interrupted smoothly, glancing down to tap at the signature Steve had scrawled on the tablet. “Technically. You took one look at the stack of paper on your desk, told me to use my best judgement on behalf of you, and I thought this was the right move to make. Yes, you might be busy, but you can be busy next to Captain Rogers.”
“You said ‘a long while.’”
“What, is that a problem?”
his thoughts screamed at him.
Besides, at this point? The only other person who knew his secret was a few hours upstate. And as much trouble as Peggy Carter caused, she was the one person he could count on to keep his secrets. Breathing out a slow sigh, he glanced down at the wad of bills Fury left him.
Phil. That was a name Steve actually recognized, and one that he was surprised to hear. Phil Coulson, one of Fury’s most trusted agents, had helped him settle into the tiny room he called home in SHIELD’s building. Showed him how to use his phone, introduced him to Natasha and Clint, two other agents who lived on sight. The knowledge that Phil approved this released a thread of tension in his shoulders, the same way it seemed to do to Tony, who frowned in thought.
“Um,” he offered smartly, at a loss for words.
Across the street, St. Joseph’s Parish loomed. Older, sure, with the stained glass windows a little darker, the stone a little more chipped, but still pretty damn similar to the younger parish he’d walk through once a week. His ma would say the building was just a little wiser. On the steps, a group of boys kicked around a soccer ball, school uniforms mussed and muddied from a rainy day spent running through puddles. The sight quirked his lips upward, memories of his own childhood clouding the back of his eyelids. That hadn’t changed all that much, either. He used to watch Bucky do nearly the same thing, slinging around a baseball with the other neighborhood kids after mass, jumping around the same steps and hopping the same railings these children were.
gonna freak out.
“New York,” Steve rasped, brow furrowing when nobody in the room immediately answered. Granted, his voice was barely audible, and sounded more like he’d been living off a steady diet of glass and sandpaper, but this was important, dammit. And that had definitely been a word. Two, in fact.
It wasn’t the only thing. Strawberries, though those used to be real hard to come by. Tomatoes. Coke. Even bread, with its smoother texture. After three weeks in the twenty-first century, only two of which he’d been able to eat solids, the list was slowly growing, each item added one he wondered if he’d ever be able to eat or drink again without thinking about the way things used to be. It was too strange, to have something so familiar so
“Look, Rogers. Believe it or not, it’s not every day we defrost supersoldiers after seven decades of being shut in the freezer. We’ve never had this happen before. It’s uncharted territory. But I think we both know there’s a level of normal we want you to be at. And I think we both know you’re not there.”
Granted, Tony's not exactly happy about it at all, but.
It was just about the biggest understatement he could skate by with. The suit, gleaming red and gold, had been like nothing he’d ever seen before, reminiscent of the science fiction movies they played in theaters and the angels in the Old Testament that his ma would talk about, terrifying and awesome in the way that inspired awe, not the way he used the word, with a toothy grin and excitement in his voice.
“SHIELD. Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division. We’ve revamped the science reserve since you went into the ice. Upgraded things a bit. This is Agent Coulson. He does a bit of everything, ‘round here. And this is Tony Stark. SHIELD’s genius consultant. When we found you, we weren’t sure what we were gonna get. We called him in, hoping he could figure out how the hell you survived that crash.”
gonna need you to not sling the frisbee around. For all our sakes. Name’s Fury. I’m the Director here.”
This chapter is inspired by the, "And they were /roommates/," vine. Thank you, vine.
The question might as well have hit him over the head with a baseball bat. Tony felt his jaw drop, lips parted and waiting for the words rattling around in his head to form a damn sentence. And when they did, he frowned, spluttering out an unintelligible mutter. What the hell was he even supposed to say to that?
He was, Steve realized in horror, still
Stark’s lips rose in a half grin, like he wanted to be smug but decided against it. Still, he rolled his shoulder to shrug and tipped his head toward the hall, dark eyes glittering in a way that pulled a shudder from Steve. Fury’s voice started in the back of his mind, replaying once-terrifying words that were, to his own numb terror, starting to make sense. In context. Maybe. Possibly, he could see why the notion would be a valid one.
It was rude. He shouldn’t have said it. But as soon as the words left Tony’s mouth, what other choice did he have than to double down?
It shouldn’t surprise Steve, the way Fury seemed to appear and disappear into thin air. Still, it managed to, caution flashing across his features for a half-second before schooling himself into neutrality: An expression, he’d learned, that was very important, when it came to Fury. Because,
Tony scoffed, arms crossing while he took in the sight of a Steve damn near red in the face enough to match the shield laying haphazardly against the wall. Jesus Christ. What the hell was his problem? Sure, he was being a bit of an asshole, but that wasn’t anything new. Not to mention, he was right. So go hard, or go home, right?
Shooting the redhead a glare that carried the emotion of a foot stomp, Tony huffed out a breath before swiveling on his heel to face Steve, a grease-covered finger loosely pointed his way. “I don’t exactly have time to hold your hand through learning how to use the microwave, or whatever else you’re gonna freak out about.
She’d had the nerve to ask.
Sprawling, in a way that was nearly opposite to New York. Skyscrapers and bridges were swapped with long stretches of highway and palm trees, mansions and gleaming white buildings scattering the tan backdrop. And despite the rolling thunder and steady drizzle of rain splattering against the asphalt, it was somehow still brighter than the familiar neighborhoods of brownstones and brick.
“What? No.”
way, all practical and no flare, then he’d accept in the only way Tony Stark would.
That seemed to catch Steve off guard, wariness flashing across his face. And as he sat there, lips pursed and deep in thought, the man came to a decision.
“The world might have changed a lot while you were busy being a Capsicle, big guy, but I can guarantee it’s not changed enough to where you know more than a Stark. Master tactician or not, you’re in new territory. I’m not.”
His church attendance died alongside his ma. The belief there was anything out there at all died in the cold light of winter, in the eyes of the first soldier he watched die. It’d flickered to life for just a second at the sight of something he couldn’t comprehend, blazing stars and galaxies at his fingertips and Schmidt being eaten alive by space itself.
“Fine. Fine, okay? Fine. I guess we’re doing this, then. But seriously, house tour, gawk at all the shinies, AI 101, sure, but afterward, I really do have work. That I specifically, um, didn’t put on the schedule. Okay? Some very important, very non-scheduled work, that has a literal, ticking time limit on it, and I don’t want it to blow up by accident, so.”
he thought sarcastically.
Enough to wonder if the person who came out of the ice was someone entirely different than who he used to be. It was strange, to think he hadn’t smiled genuinely since 1945. It was even stranger to think that his normally cloudy disposition had been traded for downright stormy. The shrink —
Was that really possible? Had Peggy found the Valkyrie? Had Howard and his team come to save him? How long had it taken them? The Captain tried to form the questions, tried to force his burning throat into submission. Nothing escaped, save for another wheeze that had another man, someone in a dark, leather trench coat, pushing past the not-angel and placing a hand on his shoulder.
“He’ll be staying with us for the next month or so, Tony,” the woman, Pepper, recovered, her eyes rolling as she pointed out a line for Steve to sign on with a painted fingernail. “You had the memo on your desk last week.”
Steve decided flatly.
Maybe hell was real, and he’d just woken up to his eternity facing the consequences. Back when his ma had dragged him to mass, the priests would talk about treachery. They’d warn people about turning away from the light. Away from the warmth of God and toward proclivities, or tendencies, or something. He’d never paid all that much attention, not when his mind kept flitting to the way Bucky’s hair defied the laws of gravity and hair pomade, curling up at the ends as he sat in the pew next to him.
Tony snorted. “What are we, in high school?”
‘A reckless idiot who thought more with his dick than he did with his head.’
Steve thought, and used as much effort as he could to force himself upward. One forearm at a time. One burning movement after the other. One painful second in front of the next, shooting the — one (eyepatch man), two (not-angel man), three (almost balding, weird suit man) — the three men in the room around him a dirty look for making any movement to push him back, all stepping forward and ready to spot him.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
But man, the rest of the country had been something else. Rolling hills in the midwest, miles of corn and windmills. Cities, smaller ones than New York, but still huge. Chicago, Atlanta, Houston, Washington, D.C., Philly, Detroit. Tiny towns and suburbia and farms and the giant dustbowl of the west. He’d been through it all, whether it be the destination or part of the tour. Met all kinds of people. Put on a smile. Kissed babies and hugged wives. Tried to ignore the tears in their eyes as they spoke about their husbands who were off in Europe or the Pacific, promised through grit teeth and a lead tongue that their donations would help, even if all it really did was empty their pocketbook.
Stark blanched, his shoulders bunching up around his chin in argument.
a bunch of spies.”
something he was willing to think about.
Before his gig as Captain America, Steve never left the state of New York. Really, he’d never even left the city. With most folks struggling to recover from the Depression, money had been stretched thin for those who could barely get by, leaving the highway roads open for taxis and those rich enough to cruise away from the city. It’d never been something that interested him all too much. He loved his home, with its busy streets and busier people, bustling about with a nearly religious fervency.
Not that he’d ever consider it.
He read about the deepest parts of hell being cold, once. Reserved only for the worst traitors, those who’d turned their backs on their friends, their family, their country. Brutus, Cain, Judas.
Sighing, the genius batted his hand at Happy. “You’ll trust anybody these days. And JARVIS? C’mon, Buddy, back me up, here. There’s no way this can actually be a good idea.”
“Course it is,” he grinned, teeth flashing mischievously. “Pep, if this blows up, it was your idea. JARVIS, put that on the record. And, if it, like, literally blows up, I’m blaming you when I have to recalibrate DUM-E,
He cried last time. You really wanna be responsible for making my ‘bot cry? No? Good.”
Fury stifled a smirk before offering a verbose, “We’re temporarily relocating you to Malibu.”
“Yes, we met briefly. He, uh. Woke me up from the ice.” Before Steve had been wheelchaired over to look out the window, into a busy, bright Times Square, and promptly locked himself in one of the restrooms to cope for the better part of an hour.
“So I’m still benched, technically. I’ve just got homework.”
“Tony’s very pleased to have you, Steve. He’s admired you for a long time,” Pepper translated, turning to face Steve fully. “If you want, he’d be happy to show you to your room? You can unpack your things, and then he can give you a tour of the house.”
a natural distress over something, like waking up seven decades in the future, was enough to send someone to therapy.
like Fury said. Which— Oh, Christ. He’d just swatted away his boss. Eyes widening, Steve’s shoulders bunched in a flash of concern.
“You wanna try that again?” Steve hissed, his Brooklyn rough even thicker than normal. Anger tended to do that, Tony’d noticed.
“Oh, Christ, he’s
The usual start of an argument, a particularly quick snap from Tony, and then Steve abruptly forcing himself to shut down.
“I’m fine.”
Hi. I’m so sorry, you must be Captain Rogers,” the redhead offered, pulling a glass tablet out from under her arm. “I’m CEO of Stark Industries. My name’s—”
No, if anything, shit was hitting the fan at a more rapid pace than during the days after the Chitauri invasion.
“Didn’t take Captain America for someone to put so much cream and sugar in his coffee.”
And then they were alone, the only sound between them the almost imperceptible buzz of the air conditioning. Steve was staring at him, dissecting him like a damn bug under a microscope. Maybe it was because they were alone, and Tony wasn’t sure if they’d ever even been alone before, or maybe it was because of his goddamn habit to run his mouth during awkward silences, but the silence was suffocating.
“Then call him back,” Steve grit out, biting back the urge to scowl at the angsty bastard. “We’ve got HYDRA’s leader in the wind with some goddamn
“Sorry.
Across from him, Steve looked like he’d just been slapped. That angry tick in his jaw, the way his cheeks flushed red, even the way he visibly had to check himself before speaking up: It was all a surprising amount of self-control from the man who’d just called Tony a, uh.
“Easy there, Captain. You need your rest. You’re safe. Back in the States,” the trench coat and eyepatch man warned in a low, rumbling voice that still sounded far away. He had the SSR’s logo on his shirt, filling Steve with relief. He really was alive. And, apparently, not in the hands of HYDRA. “Getting you figured out, that’s the priority. News comes later.”
Tony sighed and nodded, deciding to start with Steve’s left pec. He set the thermos down for now, using both hands to reach up and massage the muscle, swallowing heavily when Steve shuddered and groaned, arching slightly from the light touch. Tony couldn’t help but lick his lips as he watched the milk dribble from his nipple, sliding down his skin like sweat as it glistened in the firelight.
He blinked, taking a second to digest the information; he beckoned them over, shakily reaching up to take Peter from Steve’s arms. The babe babbled up at him, no doubt confused from the passing around.
Careful of the trees, Tony swerved through the jungle as they moved, trying to lose them in the thicket. Realizing that it wasn’t working, he took a breath and angled for a line of trees, focusing despite Steve’s shouts of warning. Right before they hit, Tony shifted into third and slammed on the brakes, skidding into a 180 before shifting back into fifth and roaring off. He whooped as he watched the motorbikes crash into the trees, successfully taking down two of the four.
“We have
His thoughts faltered for a second as he realized that the stash he had brought from home had ended the week prior and he had forgotten to ask Bruce for more.
PJ immediately zipped up and grabbed onto the fluffy elephant, holding it to his chest tightly with both arms. He snuggled it with a squeal, looking up with starry eyes at Steve. Steve merely put his hand out, to which PJ smacked his hand on top, giggling softly.
“…Yes,” he finally said, tears finally rolling down his cheeks, “God, Steve, of course I’ll marry you, you
“I would like to breathe sooner rather than later,” Tony offered up, shivering when Steve nibbled on the mark.
,” he mumbled around the digit.
“I would love to put my hand to it,” Tony said honestly, eyeing up the tools set up on the side.
She sighed with a smile and moved forward to pick up PJ, cocking a hip so the boy could rest on it. He quickly snuggled up to her, putting his thumb in his mouth before ducking his face into her neck.
“He is
“Promise?”
PJ tilted his head, but didn’t seem to complain, so Tony took that as a go-ahead. He first demonstrated for the boy to put his hands over his ears to help dull the noise of the bath filling. Once the water was at a good height and steaming hot, Tony helped to undress the child and had him stand on a bathmat.
warm, so for the moment, Tony allowed it. Together, they walked through the castle foyer and out into the open air, where Tony stopped and looked up into the sky. He took a deep breath, eyes fluttering shut at the smell of a fresh autumn morning, soaking in the warmth of the sun’s rays. It felt good to be outside again.
“Tony?”
“I’d win.”
“Something like that. They were splicing components of each of our DNA with a synthetic host in an attempt to create advanced children that they could then train to be soldiers,” Natasha answered carefully, looking out the window at Thor and Hulk talking amongst themselves, “If the child displayed advanced qualities, they were kept alive.”
“I don’t eat ketchup on my eggs and I’m slightly offended you think I do. I want hot sauce.”
I read it?”
“Baby,” he demanded, beaming once Tony transferred Peter to his arms.
“No! No, I, ah--I just want to relax and not scent of sex first thing in the morning,” Tony said, figuring a half-truth would better than telling Steve just how scared he was, “Laying together is good, though. I...I would like that, I think.”
“The Prime does not want me to accompany you today. Perhaps he wishes to spend some alone time with you,” Thor said with a smile, “I will have Barton trail you in case a situation arises in which you need a translator. Enjoy the markets, Tony.”
“I thought it was taps only,” Tony said as he ducked under the ropes.
Tony babbled to PJ through the procedure, eventually sighing in relief as the pressure in his side subsided. The babe gave him a curious look but didn’t say anything, opting instead to slip his thumb into his mouth.
“Why? I wanna see Stark be all domestic,” Clint grumbled.
“Tony? I need you to stay awake, we are almost there,” Bruce’s soothing voice said.
“Perhaps life here will not be that bad, little one,” he said to Peter once Steve was out of earshot, moving the babe around to rest in the crook of his left arm to get him ready to be fed, “Things seem to be going well so far. He…he is kind, yes? I would sour around him if he was not that way…or at least, you would fuss, because you are so sensitive to these types of things.”
,” Tony stammered, eyes wide, “You’re
He was cut off by Steve leaning down to press their lips together, one hand coming up to rest on the small of his back. Tony squeaked in surprise, but after a moment his eyes fell shut as he kissed Steve back, going up onto his toes to chase Steve’s mouth when he tried to pull away. Demanding more, Tony growled and moved his hand to cup Steve’s neck, pulling him back down. Their teeth clicked together in a messy kiss, but he could not find it in himself to care; Steve tasted like sweet wine and spice and Tony craved more of the Northern flavors.
. The thought that Steve would kill Rhodey if he escaped like this made him nauseous, so Tony attempted to block out his conscience and rely on instinct. Ever so carefully, he slowly reached out a hand, delicately laying it on Steve’s abdomen, just above the largest shackle. Immediately, the Alpha tensed and growled, but the force behind it was weakened.
“It’s my job,” She murmured in passing, barely hesitating.
“I am Thor, the Prime’s translator,” Thor said with a large smile, “I know most every dialect there is to know—I have been trying to teach others the Southern language, but our Prime is not…gifted in speech. I will have to translate for you when needed. You should be able to speak freely with him, do not worry. So, tell me, Tony, why have you traveled so far to run away? The Southern cities are close to the sea. Why not board a ship?”
It sounded more like ‘eve’, but the wheezed groan still startled Steve, his tired eyes snapping up to meet hazy ones. Tony offered him a weak smile, pressing his hand into Steve’s face to try and give him some comfort. Immediately, the dam inside of him flooded and he began to cry, unable to stop the sobs from wracking his shoulders and squeezing every bit of breath out of his lungs.
“Cap— it’s been a while since you crashed the Valkyrie. A long while. Tony, he can explain his theories on how the serum’s kept you alive this whole time if that’s something you want to know. Yesterday, I got a call from some researchers up north. Said they’d found a craft that was up SHIELD’s alley. We weren’t expecting to find you. When we excavated the plane, our guys found you spread out on the war table, mummy-style, shield in hand. In a block of ice about the size of a sarcophagus.”
of a deal that could turn out to be.
turn to be stunned by the response. Lips parted, his eyes darted from Happy, to Pepper, to Steve. Even for him, it was hard to parse through the man’s expressions. But his heartbeat? He could hear that, loud and clear and pounding like hell.
He was alive, and he was in a makeshift hospital room with state of the art tech, probably set up in some swanky office building somewhere, if the sleek tile walls and streamlined machinery were to hint at anything.
At that, Pepper smiled, warm and inviting. He liked her, he decided. It was an easy one to make, despite his normally cautious nature. Maybe it was the way Tony treated her with such obvious trust, posture nearly completely different than he’d been the first time they’d met, open and easygoing rather than telegraphed and wary. Maybe it was the way she seemed similar to Peggy, oozing easy confidence and control. She was a woman who worked to get where she was, and she had, without a doubt, earned it.
At first, it was just— small things. Tony being twenty minutes late for debriefings and training. Steve accidentally crushing the television remote. Dishes. The best way to knock out a Chitauri in one hit. But now? It was anything. Missions, training, press conferences. Enough to where, a few days ago, Fury had taken Rogers by the ear for a
He paused, rolling the name around on his tongue.
“We’re not going there,” Tony warned, slicing a hand through the air. “I just— you push all my buttons, too, alright? Don’t act like this is all one-sided. You’re all high and mighty and perfect, even though I bet you couldn’t tell a TV remote from a vibrator. Like, I
“Alright. I’ll make more of an effort to listen to you, if you’ll spend time in the city with me, help me relearn it.”
Steve was fine. He
Not that he was bitter about it.
“Yeah, and how many secretly-evil corporations have you all taken down on an hour time limit? Stick with playing Russian double agent, and let me figure this out. I know what I’m doing.”
taking them by surprise? They’ve got us outnumbered. I’m not risking that. Stark.”
He thought he might hate the man, a little bit. Stormy eyes, more red-rimmed than he’d like them to be, followed the director out the door, before screwing shut as he fought for air. Urging himself to breath in through his nose, out through his mouth, the same instructions he’d given long ago, when breathing was difficult for more than near terror. The pacing of Fury’s heartbeat hadn’t changed, his posture had stayed the same; for once, the wave of relief was heavier than that of the anxiety. He’d bought it. Steve was
You’re really just cool with this? If he kicks your ass like the last one did, don’t come crying to me about it, alright?”
“I didn’t agree to this,” Tony insisted incredulously. “No way in hell did I agree to this, Pep. I’d remember something like that. And besides, we’re— we’re
“Yeah, Tony, I think it is. Phil was the one who recommended it, from what I understand. I think it could be good for all parties.”
“With all due respect, let’s just get it over with then, Director. Ain’t got much else I can do here, if I’m just gonna be resting.”
look on Pepper’s face, he was beginning to wonder if they had.
I know about you. But you don’t know the future. You need to trust me. It’s my territory, and at least let me inform your decisions. In the meantime, I can help you figure out living in the future.”
“Uh, Tony—”
“Yeah, and who the
At that, Steve couldn’t help the instinctive bristle. He’d heard that line too many times before, standing in hospital hallways and Army tents and his ma’s living room.
is just about right. Though, if you’ve got the frisbee with you, that’d be an interesting experiment. Heard it’s made out of the good stuff. Tell you what. I’ll trade you a tour of the house — a good one — for an hour of your time down in my lab to test it out, hm?”
Malibu, though … wow.
Clint’s words were low and chalk-full of warning, worry plastering across the rest of the team’s faces. He didn’t get any farther than that, though, not once Steve interjected. Rumbling and brooking no room for complaint, a single, thick finger pointed toward the door.
Well, that was enough to give him whiplash.
What if Gabe didn’t know, and she’d been doomed to the fate she’d been so scared of? What if she’d given up? Worst of all, what if she’d changed her mind? Wound up listening to all the people she’d been so determined to prove wrong?
“Ma’am, you can just call me Steve.”
“It’s the memories, right? You see them everywhere. Got beat up in that alley, except that alley’s a parking lot now. What used to be the old corner store is a fuckin’ Starbucks. Central Park looks a lot nicer without Hooverville. A lot less soldiers, a lot more billboards, and all of it’s different. Can’t get away from how things used to be. Especially with an enhanced memory like yours, I’m told, watching things play out in front of you like a movie instead of right behind your eyelids. All in perfect detail—”
Overhead, a polite, accented voice chimed, surprising absolutely nobody but Steve, blue eyes blowing wide with alarm when he couldn’t match the voice to a body.
“Don’t fuck with me.”
He couldn’t.
Okay. Maybe not an angel. But he spoke English.
“Do you like me, then?”
Well, now he’d really done it. A nervous laugh slipped out at the words, though it might be ‘cause it the only other option was to scramble out the door alongside the rest of the team. Tony watched them file out, one by one: Bruce, quickly. Then Thor, radiating mild confusion at the entire event. Natasha, who snuck an imperceptible look at Rogers. Last was Clint, with an expression that screamed,
Howard.
Maybe he should be added to the list, too. He was just as off in the twenty-first century as anything else was. Foreign. Alien.
Steve mentally corrected — had said it was to be understandable. Something about a mismanagement of expectations. Though, when the expectation had been that he was going to stay dead, he wasn’t all too sure what that said about him. Maybe she thought he was disappointed in the world he’d woken up in.
"Are celebrity-impersonation stripper-grams getting uncanny valley close, or is
“Holy shit, this motherfucker’s not
Swallowing at the dry feeling in his throat, Steve said nothing. Wasn’t sure if he could if he tried, his ten minutes of vocal practice slipping out from underneath him like a banana peel. Sure, he was no genius, but it didn’t take one to realize a thick block of ice didn’t form in the blink of an eye. And he could ignore the crude comparison for the moment in favor of what was really important.
Then again. Who was he to back down from a challenge? Smirking, he tilted his chin upward. If Rogers was going to ask him out in such— such a
“Captain?” Happy’s voice pulled him out of his head, the man’s eyes watching him curiously in the rear-view mirror. “We’re here.”
But Jesus Christ, did he instantly regret that. Like tripping a livewire, his skin ignited into one big blossom of burning pain, intense enough he’d scream if he could manage the breath. Worse, a million times worse, than when he’d got his tongue stuck to a light pole for nearly an hour, all over his body. He wanted to sob. He thought he did, maybe.
“The city, it’s safe? Schmidt, he escaped— Howard. Need to see Howard. Phillips. Peggy. Debrief.”
He was alone.
Golden warmth radiated from the hazy lights surrounding the man, and a celestial blue from the center of his chest. Wide, amber eyes were gazing down at him with interest, as the chestnut curls dangling over his forehead moved with each exhale from cherry red lips, which parted so carefully to say—
It didn’t matter that the rain smattering against the window was beginning to sound more like the distant clatter of guns and armor; or that the more antsy he got, the more he could hear Fury’s heartbeat and the heartbeat of every other person in the café; or that he was sure the anxious tick in his jaw was prominent, exactly like it was when his fight or flight response was about to kick in. Fists clenching under the table, he glared up at the other man. Tried to convince himself not to let out the warning noise building up in his chest, and barely succeeded.
When they stepped back, he grunted in approval.
Huffing, the Captain pointedly directed his gaze away from Fury, batting away the rest of the response in blatant dismissal. Alerting Peggy that he was alive was one of the first things he’d requested SHIELD do. But since then? He hadn’t been able to bring himself to see the Agent. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to. Peggy had been one of his closest friends throughout the war. He’d loved her, he really had. She understood him in nearly excruciating detail, and he’d understood her.
“Everybody out.”
“Didn’t know Howard had family.”
It was eerie, the way the silence settled over the room. Nobody wanted to say a word. Steve wasn’t sure he wanted them to, either, now, his heartbeat quickening of its own accord. Beating along to the rhythm of
Fury’s mouth twitched at the goading before finally taking his seat. After a beat of hesitation, he pulled a thick file of papers from his trench coat, slid them onto the table in between them, and nodded. “Of sorts. More of an assignment, really. Just to get you back on your feet until we call you in for the real thing.”
Maybe this hell was a little bit different than he’d thought.
The kiss only lasted a second. But it seemed to do the job, and as Stark pulled away, he arched an eyebrow in challenge. Steve’s cheeks were dusting crimson again as his mind seemed to struggle to process what just happened, those perfect blue eyes wide with shock. Until finally, he seemed to reboot himself, throat clearing and a small shudder running through him.
Again, Steve was struck by the level of trust Stark clearly had for the woman. Maybe they were together? Though, he didn’t see any wedding bands on either of them, and Fury’s brief description of Tony suggested he was about as ready to settle down as Howard had been when they’d been friends. Pepper didn’t seem to take the question lightly, either, her expression gentle as she hesitated, ran through all the options one last time.
Some new-age, artist-architect team had undoubtedly decided to take on the challenge of creating something so California it hurt, with its sloping, rounded white walls and floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the ocean. Steve wanted to hate it, wanted to keep his door shut and have Happy drive him back to the airport. But it was beautiful, and artistic, and intriguing enough that he found the courage to open the door, shouldering two of his duffle bags on one side, and his shield on the other.
Steve blinked, temporarily ruffled by the reply. Malibu was across the country in California. It wasn’t much more than a small surf town the last he’d heard of it, briefly mentioned by Howard during a long story about swimsuit models and movie stars. Were they
No wonder Fury kept an eye on him.
New Jersey had been the first place outside of the city he’d been, a little darker, a little more dismal, a mild punch to his Brooklyn-loving heart. He didn’t think much of it.
“I’ll manage. It’s—” Steve’s words faltered, confidence crumbling by the second, still monumentally confused by whoever JARVIS was.
“Sounds complicated,” Steve deadpanned smoothly, drawing an amused snort from the brunet.
He really should’ve paid more attention during mass.
“His name is
“Yeah, okay, that’s enough from you,” grumbled Tony. “Mute.”
“Look, Cap, maybe we should just—”
Steve thought begrudgingly.
Eyebrows raising sharply, Tony shot him a pointed look of disbelief after wrinkling his nose. Still, though, his gaze softened, clearly parsing through the lie in true Stark form.
was an understatement, a dangerous one to make. Who knew what’d happen here? Who knew if he’d freak out? Certainly not him. Steve hardly knew anything anymore, his face constantly slightly pinched with nerves, afraid to play the game when there were new, unfamiliar rules. But here, there was no point in putting his foot down. No reason to say ‘no.’ It wasn’t like he had anything better to do, and it certainly wasn’t like he had anywhere else to go. Lips pressing into a thin line, the Captain nodded.
“I’ll give you a, uh. Word of advice, for Stark. Bring a pair of headphones. He likes to play music at all hours. And, look. For God’s sake, don’t sleep with him.”
Pepper arched a perfect brow, her gaze cutting across to Tony, who was now
“I like sweet things.”
The drive over to Stark’s home was mostly quiet, save for the occasional comment by the driver — Happy, he said his name was, Stark’s head of security — pointing out good surfing spots, pizza places, movie theaters. Just once, he’d asked Steve for an I.D., and nearly blanched when he’d reached to the front of the car with his SHIELD-issued clearance card. After that, he stopped speaking, and Steve turned his gaze out the window to watch the palm trees pass by for the rest of the hour-long drive.
for the moment.
And then:
In a word, the Stark mansion was
“I really gotta speak to Howard.”
“A month, for the time being. We’ll adjust as needed. Get you out with a mission as soon as you’re back to normal. Don’t worry, you’ve still got some homework. I want everything in that file memorized, back to front. And you can take the shield.”
Whoever the brunet was — the not-Bucky man — he was still holding his hands out, palms open, like he was still debating shoving Steve back into the, uh. Mattress pad. Hospital bed. Whatever it was. Instead, he went for a classy, ghost-like blank stare and an expression that warned him something was very, very off.
While Happy held an ID against a black keypad next to the front doors, Steve took in the sights: through the windows, he could see an indoor fountain, smooth, white-marbeled textures, a grand piano. Beyond that, cream-colored, chic furniture was littered around massive windows offering up a view of the ocean. He could practically smell the wealth as they stepped inside, clean and crisp like linen, and the only thing that kept him from outright wrinkling his nose on impact was the redhead in front of them, standing with her back to Happy.
Steve sighed.
you’re good at what you do. Okay? I’m not stupid—”
“You leave tomorrow at 0800. We’ll send a car for you,” Fury determined, pointedly moving on from the game they’d repeatedly played over the past three weeks: The one where he agreed not to pry too deeply, Steve agreed to not take off on the run, and things would be
Steve’s response was instant. Blunt.
At least that seemed to get their attention. Sighing, eyepatch man stood up straight, casting a glance to his colleagues before speaking.
And God, the man said he was alive. Sort of. Not comatose. Steve was
Others made … less sense.
After a beat of silence, he lobbed a shoulder upward in a shrug. “We weren’t expecting it to happen. He was supposed to be comatose, mostly, and I’d come to analyze some blood samples, bring in some files I had on him. That’s what the Leatherman of Penzance asked me to do. So I said I wanted to see him. Y’know, scientific curiosity. Bent over to get a good look, and he just— opened his eyes. Scared the shit outta me.”
There he was, doing it
Static filling his ears, heart slamming against the underside of his ribcage, Steve shook his head, just once.
“Let me finish,” Tony pressed, eyes narrowing in a visible attempt to stay calm. “With as much as Howard and Peggy liked talking about you growing up, you being good at your damn job is
He didn’t expect to see an angel.
“What’s your problem with me?
The SHIELD director scoffed, rolled his eye. “Wouldn’t recommend fibbing to a spy, Captain.”
What was it?
With a bitter snort, the Captain glanced up. “Think normal’s a bit subjective, huh?”
Why did it even matter? Steve had plenty of problems with him. Wasn’t like this talk was just going to change things.
Snorting, Fury leaned back against his chair and crossed his arms. “Trust me. We’ll get you in as soon as all the boxes are checked and you’re cleared for action. We need you back, Cap. There’s a brave, dangerous new world out there waiting for you. But, the last thing we need is for you to take a hit you can’t shake because we put you back out too early. You ran your first eight minute mile this morning. Still got a ways to go, right?”
Though as he stood, the spy faltered, his dark eye searching for something he wasn’t sure he’d find.
Happy looked unimpressed at the protest. “Boss,” he offered, pointedly glancing at the circular bag Steve was shouldering. “He’s Captain America. He’s, like, the opposite of a security threat.”
Yeah, maybe not something to tell a fella who’d just crashed a damn bomb-filled plane into the middle of the ocean, hoping it’d make for a lack of news.
“Never said I was. Fury— he talked to me the other day. Said we needed to, uh. Either ‘punch it out or bang it out.’ This is a compromise.”
“Sleep with him?” Steve insisted, brow pinching in distress. His hands pressed together underneath the table, white-knuckled and bruising as a flare of panic lacerated his gut. “I’m n-not— that’s not—”
Who then frowned, seemingly reminding himself of his position in all this. “Pepper, there’s no way this is a good idea. I mean, come on. Seriously?” Gesturing between the two of them, he shot the CEO an indiscernible look. It must’ve been a normal one for her, though, considering she didn’t blink twice.
Steve scowled, an incredulous expression flashing across his sharp features.
actually standing in my damn living room?"
Since then, it’d been like this.
With a nod, Steve offered the first real smile he’d given Tony in months.
bedroom wall. Not ‘their.’ Not anymore.
At that, Steve perked up, curiosity spiking past his self-doubt. “Is it the Iron Man suit? I read about it on the flight over. You’ve got a, uh, file, with SHIELD. It looks incredible.”
Well. Maybe not ‘his,’ either. Considering he was in hell, and all.
They’d made him angry, because they told him he’d go to hell for those secrets he never voiced. For—
He could see why someone would think it’d be good for him to get away here. For anyone else, it might’ve done them some real good. But the ocean spray, the bristling wind, it was enough to set his jaw, the weak curl of nausea in his gut one he doubted would be a rare experience moving forward. At the end of the day, though, he didn’t have a choice. Orders were orders. Fury was the boss. Which meant, he guessed, Malibu would have to be therapeutic, whether he liked it or not, on threat of his work — really, one of the few things he had left.
“The majority of us
But the memory? It was so close. Just enough to pry his eyes open and hope for the best—
“New York City is safe. And so is the rest of the world,” replied weird-suit man, words tactful and deliberately avoiding the request for Steve’s superiors. It’d be something he’d push for, be suspicious of, if he weren’t so goddamn relieved. It was like the strength was sapped out of him, turning the soldier to putty. He tried not to look too exhausted, laying back down.
Next to him, a familiar shadow came to a halt.
No way in hell was Howard in— well, hell. Not when Howard was supposed to be safe. He had to be safe. They’d seen one another just that morning, the genius smirking above Steve in victory after successfully sneaking up on him and knocking him over with his own shield. Chattering about taking this one lady behind the bookshelf, and
A trembling hand rose to scrub over Steve’s face, if only to disguise the way his face screwed tight.
Most of the words he could decipher were familiar.
“Seems like a good deal to me,” Steve rasped, promptly worried about how
He wondered if Fury had told her to ask that question so they could send him away. Out of sight, out of mind. Cart the supersoldier, the lab rat, off to Malibu to be watched by a scientist. It was similar enough to what they’d done with him before he went off to fight, back when they didn’t know what to do with them. It made sense that they didn’t know what to do with him now, too: old-fashioned and clueless.
“Hey, Miss Potts,” the security guard called out, sliding up behind her. It must have startled her, a weak laugh spluttering off her lips as she whipped around to face them.
But then, of course, duty had called. It’d taken the form of tights and war bonds and call-girls for coworkers — something he’d never really been able to parse through his substantially mixed feelings for. Patriotism via the idea of a monkey dancing to the tune of propaganda. So he’d shoved that into the box of things he didn’t think about, too, right next to Bucky’s death and the
“Captain Rogers. The cube — we call it the Tesseract — it’s safe. If you need to see it for yourself, then that can be arranged once you’re back on your feet. Until then, I’m
“You gonna be okay, Rogers?” Fury’s voice was much farther down the line than it was a few moments ago, fuzzy and clouded. The concern was there, though. The worry that sounded close to something like Colonel Phillip’s brand.
“Like I said. We, uh. Need to get you up to speed.” Fury’s voice was thin.
Steve ground out. “New York is home.”
“You heard me. 0800. Nat’s flying you over.”
“Steve Rogers.”
Their relation was the most believable thing out of all of this, so far.
“Would you just shut
When Steve first woke up from the ice, he thought he was in hell.
Steve had to bite back a laugh — the first time he’d had to do that since he woke up — at the reminder of his not-angel damn near cursing him out in surprise. “The feeling was mutual,” he murmured instead, eliciting an interested hum from Tony.
“Do you hate me?”
“With you? Yeah, probably.” Pursing his lips, Fury seemed to shift in his chair, almost as if he were considering whether or not to say anything further. Ultimately, he did, one hand tiredly rubbing the back of his head. Steve wanted to ask him to stop while he was ahead, the nerves in his gut already shot. Whatever else the other man said, it wasn’t going to help. Nothing else had, so far.
The immediate scowl brought on by Fury’s probing question was all the answer he needed. For all Steve’s readiness to get back into the field, to return to some sense of normalcy, he was still recovering from the aftermath of an icy seven decades. It’d taken him almost an entire week to be able to swallow food that hadn’t been turned into a smoothie, almost two to pass a ten minute mile, and even now, he’d break into a sweat if he did much more than half an hour at the punching bag. Frankly, his body was closer to its pre-serum ability than it was when he’d gone into the ice. And that was
“Yeah! That was really fun, wasn’t it, peanut butter cup?” Tony laughed, pulling PJ into his lap with a huge grin, “We’ll go again later, sweetheart. After Papa has time to yell at me for saving his—him. Saving
“For something like me,” Steve answered, pulling his cowl off to reveal his sweat-slicked hair, “Alright. Barton, you’re here with me. Tony, Natasha, keep going and see if you can find any survivors. Thor, see if you can get upstairs and get some light in this place.”
these people?”
At that moment, the lights flickered on, causing both Steve and Clint’s jaws to drop at the sight of Tony Stark holding a blue-ish, pale toddler wrapped in a dirty blanket.
allowed to make fun of me for
“I cannot believe that you would do that to me!” He half-whispered, trying to keep his voice down for Peter’s sake, “To—to take me when I cannot fight back, or say no—”
“What?” Clint asked, holding up his hands, “You get two powerhouses, we get the other two. I think that’s fair.”
Noticing that his charge had finally fallen asleep, Steve carefully replaced the furs over Tony’s feet and stood, attempting to be as quiet as possible so Peter would not awaken them both. He shuffled up to the head of the bed and smiled down at the two newest members of his family, leaning down to brush his nose against Tony’s before changing himself into sleeping clothes, keeping an eye on the bed the whole time. Content that neither of them would awaken, Steve blew out the candles in the room, drenching the room in darkness. He crawled into his bed, pulled the furs that Tony had slept in earlier up to his chest, and fell asleep.
“Aye aye, Captain Crunch.”
, I get it, no need to be so jealous, Alpha,” Tony giggled, squealing when Steve tried to bite at his earlobe, “Alright! Not around the baby, not around the
“Alright, is everything okay in here?” he asked as he walked into PJ’s bedroom, seeing Bruce press an electric thermometer to the child’s forehead.
,” Steve admonished with pink cheeks.
“You did. You’re essentially a large child, so I figured it would work,” Tony answered, setting the papers down on the coffee table.
The other two fake gagged and laughed, earning glares from both Tony and Steve.
Steve visibly gulped and crawled in, shimmying around until he was seated on his usual side. Finally, Tony could turn his attention to Peter, letting out a relieved sigh at the baby’s easy temperament. After a kiss and a quick diaper check, Tony laid Peter back down in his crib and smoothed down his wispy hair.
“Once she found I was still tinkering with the suit, she called it quits for good. Said my lifestyle was too dangerous, especially if I wanted a new line of tiny Starks running around. ‘Villains aren’t good playmates for babies,’ she said. She’s not wrong. So, to fill that void, I started pouring money from the Maria Stark foundation into orphanages. Then, when I had…have…panic attacks, I’d go and hold the babies in the middle of the night. They always need to be held. Even the ones that cry a lot.
Surprised to hear the emotion in Steve’s voice, Tony felt his neck click as he whipped his head around to stare at the Captain. PJ must have recognized the change in voice as well, as he picked up his head from his elephant, sniffling horribly.
“Okay,
“We need t’go on stage soon,” Steve was saying, tugging Tony up, “You ready?”
“We will be fine. I promise. Go make sure my other idiot is okay.”
“This fucking sucks,” Tony voiced, wincing at how gravelly he sounded.
“I hate that look. Don’t give me that look.”
Clint nodded, and they were left alone. Slowly, Tony started to feed PJ, not wanting the child to accidentally eat too fast or spill his food all over his bed. PJ eagerly ate, his sippy cup drained just after a few bites.
“Sir, the child seems to be in distress in his sleep. Shall I wake him?”
please
“Ice cream, that is,” the engineer clarified, “What’s your favorite flavor?”
“Oh, honey, don’t cry,” Tony pleaded, not sure if he could handle an outburst, “Please? Everything’s okay, Petey pie. I promise.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing,” he murmured, tilting his head to rest on the shoulder.
“We’re just friends, Bucky,” he insisted for the millionth time, “Really. Pep’s nice, but girls are
“Steve--”
“He’s waking up,” Bruce said, twirling a pen between two fingers, “We should take him—”
in the way he preferred, Tony exited the room and walked back down to PJ’s room, his boots clacking on the linoleum. He ignored the eyes that seemed to follow him, too concentrated on returning to PJ’s side to give a damn. As he opened the door to the suite, he stopped in his tracks, an all too familiar backside facing him, stretching out cotton and denim in a way that probably should be illegal.
“We have great friends,” Tony muttered as the others went around the room, chiming in their own bad jokes and jeers.
“Tony’s trying to woo me,” Steve repeated with a giggle, biting his lip bashfully as he fell back onto his bed.
Middle school soccer, health class, and lies.
“I hate you.”
“Da.”
tissues.”
and not
“That’s it. I have to touch to get this shirt off, then we’ll start with bottoms, okay?” Tony instructed, “You’re safe, honeybunches.”
“We got company. We need to get them to safety, Rogers,” she snapped before heading out.
“Easy there, we have to make this last, son,” Tony whispered, pulling the drink away, “Not too much longer, I promise. I’ll bathe you and clothe you properly as soon as I can, sweet one.”
being free.”
“Did you hurt him?”
“Kind of. I mean, I knew I had a thing for fellas. You just didn’t kiss your best friend when you were in middle school,” he sniffled, “But I never really thought—I didn’t put a name on it. I figured it was just you, and that you did things to me, and that was that. Ma nearly laughed me to death when I told her though. She said, “it’s about time,” and told me we were having barbeque for dinner. And—look, I don’t expect you to—”
He gently eased the baby’s fist out of his mouth and tucked it into the wrap, as he could see that Peter was beginning to droop and fall back asleep. Pleased, Tony kissed Peter’s head again and hugged the boy tightly, if only to give himself some comfort. It did not last very long, though, for the pathetic whimpers and small growls started up again behind him.
He turned, beaming as Steve barreled into him, hugging him tightly. Tony returned the hug, burying his face in Steve’s neck for the second time.
Picking up a piece for himself, Tony popped it into his mouth with a hum, genuinely considering moaning from how
would leave
“Then he doesn’t deserve you, Tones,” He was saying over the commotion, his mouth right by Tony’s ear, “You’re brilliant, funny, charismatic, charming—you’ve survived so much, and if he can’t see that because of some lousy girl, then he isn’t worth your time.”
Tony sighed and slipped on his shoes before limping out to the hallway, quietly closing the door behind him. He should head down to the dining hall, but the sun was coming in through the front windows of the castle and he wanted to warm himself in the rays. It took a few minutes, but he eventually got to the front doors and let himself out, sighing happily once he could breathe in the crisp autumn air. The sun had barely peeked over the horizon, coloring the few clouds in shades of pink and purple. Tony stood there against the castle walls and watched the sunrise until the sky was almost completely blue, taking in the beauty before all hell descended on his head.
“Alright. Peanut butter chocolate,” Bucky sighed, scribbling it on a piece of cardstock.
PJ didn’t answer, opting instead to scrunch up his face and turn back to look at the elevator doors as they opened onto the main floor. He kept his hold on Tony’s pantleg, forcing the latter to walk a little awkwardly. Together, they headed to the kitchen, where Tony found a washed and dried sippy cup sitting out on the counter, praises be to Natasha for leaving it where he could find it. He snagged it before heading to the refrigerator to grab Scott’s clearly labeled apple juice, quickly pouring it into the cup and twisting the lid on. Handing it to PJ, Tony waited for the kid to let go of his pants before returning the juice to the fridge and herding the child out toward his new room.
Tony leaned forward without question and wrapped his lips around Steve’s nipple and sucked, letting the warm milk wash down his throat. There was a thought about how strange the situation was, but Steve was genuinely hurting, so Tony pushed it aside. He licked and suckled at his nipple until Steve cupped the other one, so he moved to suckle it, too. Steve’s hand moved to the back of his head to hold him there, forcing him to tease his undoubtedly sore nipple until Steve let him go. Pulling back, Tony licked his lips, grinning when Steve went cross-eyed and tucked his face into Tony’s neck.
Sweet, blissful, black.
concerned.”
“You ready, my love?” he murmured to Peter, carefully stepping into the bathtub.
No reply.
“Let me go,” he mumbled half-heartedly, pretending that he was not enjoying the hand rubbing his shoulder, “I need—Peter needs to be fed.”
“Oh,” Tony said weakly, wondering if his legs were going to give out from underneath of him.
“He does love you, Steve,” Rhodey added, raising an eyebrow back at Bucky.
Tony would have felt him hard and leaking against his hip when he pulled their bodies together. He had tried to control his breathing and keep his thoughts pure, as he figured Tony was really only seeking warmth and comfort. Then the asshole had to go and grind them together as he settled under Steve.
, Buck. I can draw ya somethin’ later,” he scolded, turning to hand Tony the tape roll, “Sorry, Tony. Bucky likes ta take things sometimes. Jus’ tell him to buzz off.”
“No,” Tony admitted, picking up a bar of steel with tongs to put into the burning coals, “I asked questions where I could, but there were eyes and ears everywhere. My friends--Pepper and Rhodey--they did everything they could to get information for me, but I did not want the suspicion to be on them as well. As it is, them assisting me in stealing Peter away was bad enough. If they were ever found out to have helped me escape, I have no doubt that they would be killed.”
“Of course, but let me talk with Natasha first. She may have recovered files about what happened to him specifically. I’m sure they kept extensive records of the testing they did on him, she just has to find it. I’ll ask around, see what the best foot forward is. Until then, you both need to rest.”
“Trust me. It was necessary. Now let us ride,” Tony panted.
“T’Challa and Bucky will explain more on the way over, but you guys need to do some uncover in some local nomadic tribes to see where sand dunes have been disturbed or whatever. From the plans Shuri sent over, we can see only one visible entrance, and even I can see that it’s a complete trap. Clint and Bucky suspect there’s something under the sand, so asking around is our best shot. T’Challa has a super out there he knows and is going to talk to, but for now, you and Nat and the others will be digging around. Perhaps literally.”
I apologize for this chapter taking so long. Life has been very hectic lately and finding the motivation to write during it can be difficult. I hope you enjoy this one while I begin the next :)
“…Tony?” Steve called, slightly worried.
A little embarrassed, Tony put a hand behind his neck, chuckling awkwardly.
“I did not say that either, and Peter is
Comments and kudos are really appreciated! Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Can I ask a question?”
“No! You
“—the fact that you even took in PJ is a huge step. You know Steve would have wanted the team to have him, not SHIELD. Especially not after they were compromised. You did the right thing,” she continued, “And, I hope you don’t mind me saying, he really is cute, Tony. PJ, that is. He looks just like you. And for what it’s worth, you’re going to be a great dad.”
“Oh,” Tony said, “
“Is this okay?” She asked, setting a hand on his back.
“Remind me to yell at your father later,” Tony grumbled to Peter, shifting uncomfortably as his ache worsened.
Tony rolled his eyes, but squeezed his hand in thanks, turning his head to look at Rhodey and Bucky.
“It’s fine,” Tony sighed, “J, let’s get some of this armor off if we can.”
“All?”
Oh, yeah.
He poked Tony’s chest again, looking up at him with wide, expectant eyes. Tony was baffled, and it probably showed, so he shook his head and shrugged.
“There you go, nice and easy,” Steve murmured, attempting to ignore his own need pressed up against Tony’s back.
“I know, I know, all done,” Tony whispered, “You were so good, my love. Such a good Alpha, so kind--”
enjoys being around me, which, let’s face it, they do—”
Thankfully, his experience with a spent and handsy Tony was probably more extensive than his experience as a soldier, so Steve easily manhandled Tony into a quick shower—together, of course—and some pajamas before tucking them both into bed. He let Tony snuggle up into him with a tablet in his hands, presumably flicking through stocks or the news as he settled down.
“Leave your things out here. The others are wary around carried objects brought near our Prime,” Thor explained, pointing to the floor outside the throne room doors, “Perhaps you should tuck the young one away? The noise may be too much for him.”
. I promised that he wouldn’t ever hurt you again. I meant it, I swear I meant it, and if it means I go to your house and strangle him
He grinned cheekily and flexed his arms, kissing each of his biceps and waggling his eyebrows at Tony.
“I don’t know, can you?” Tony said back, a smirk curling up his lips.
“I’m sure Pepper will want to have words with whoever didn’t notify you,” Rhodey added, leaning forward to wipe away one of Tony’s stray tears with his thumb, “Hell, I’d like a piece of ‘em myself.”
“Shh, shh, my love,” Tony tried, taking a wobbly step back while lowering Peter into his arms, “Come now, sh-she was only concerned, not angry, not angry at
“We’ll go to medical. But someone needs to bring a bag of stuff down for him. I’m not going to be leaving him alone anytime soon,” He continued.
“Please,” he begged, mustering up his best puppy dog eyes as he looked up at her, “Please don’ put ‘em in time out. It was my fault they were play fightin’, promise. Don’ put ‘em in time out—”
Steve giggled and walked off toward the coat closet, leaving Tony to watch him go, eyes glued to his ass for a moment before dragging his gaze up to his tiny waist and impossibly broad shoulders. It was still weird seeing Steve,
No matter what it was, be it a Starkpad or even a goddamn mechanical pencil, Tony somehow seemed to have the need to explain in excruciating detail exactly what each new piece of tech did, even if Steve stopped him mid-sentence and explained that he knew what it was and how to use it.
He picked up a water bottle from under the bench he was on and uncapped it, swallowing it all in one go. Wiping the water from his lips, Steve sat forward and stared at the ground, replaying the last few hours of the mission in his mind. Thankfully, Natasha and Sam had managed to find a place where they could all lay low for a while without raising suspicion, considering most of them were clearly foreigners and didn’t speak the local languages. It had been a complete surprise when they burst through the door of the compound and demand they all suit up, barely explaining on the flight over that they’d found the entrance and that the heavy hitters would go first.
“I can walk. We should grab cloaks, though. The winter has nearly set upon us and the chill comes much faster here than it did in Ma’atan,” Tony said, “We should bundle up Peter as well. I do not want him to get sick by accident.”
“James Barnes is The Prime’s right-hand man. They have been sworn brothers since diapers,” he continued, smiling despite Peter’s loud protests, “If you want to know anything about our Prime, he is the man to go to. He also helps lead, train, and organize our armies and defenses. He is the one our Prime was most interested in you relaying your new information to.”
“How about Peter?”
“You sure you are alright?” Steve asked again, which made Tony bristle a bit as he started to pick at his hot oats and berries, “The bond feels...strange.”
“Where’s Steve?” Tony immediately asked, ignoring Sam’s knowing smirk and Bucky’s eye-roll.
“I’m putting you on goal,” Richards said, tapping his clipboard, “I want to try out Sam against that new Maximoff boy. He’s supposed to be quite speedy.”
“Tony, Tony,
troops with
“Oh fuck, oh
“What happened, little rabbit? Did he say something to hurt you?” Steve asked, cupping Tony’s cheek and turning him up to look at him.
“Let me know if it hurts,” Steve murmured.
“Lady Natasha Romanov. One of the finest Omegas I have ever had the pleasure of fighting alongside. She hails from the East, where she entertained kings and queens in dance while studying advanced hand-to-hand combat. She is what remains of an elite program, earning her the title of the Black Widow.”
Tony nodded in agreement, only to stop at Natasha’s piercing stare. He gulped, hurriedly wracking his brain for Steve’s
do not mind, but I do not want him to get angry with you since I am
“Tell him he’s either going to be opening the door or replacing it,” Steve answered stubbornly.
“Hold your fire! It’s—It looks—” his words died out as the object crashed barely 200 feet in front of them, shrapnel and sand flying up.
“Oops,” he said, sighing in relief when Tony let out a small giggle, “Alright, new plan. Let’s try a sponge bath. If that’s still not working, we’ll just do spot cleaning, okay? Okay.”
“Hey, that’s not a bad idea. Maybe I could put it in a teddy for you,” Tony said, pressing his lips to PJ’s forehead as the boy went through his book again, “What do you think, kiddo, hm? Maybe that’d help you sleep at night.”
PJ fisted his shirt in his hand and looked warily between the two adults before starting to creep into the bathroom. With confusion written in his small features, he looked around, not touching anything. Finally looking back at Tony, PJ sniffled, tears evident in the corners of his eyes.
“I won’t be.”
Rhodey sat back in his chair, and after a second, began to giggle. He bowed his head forward to try and suppress it, but eventually, he gave way to the laughter, his legs kicking as he wiped away the tears that formed in his eyes. Bucky and Steve stared at each other, having a silent conversation about the mental stability of their friend.
Flailing a little, Tony kicked off the blanket and hopped out of the bed, hurriedly shoving PJ’s pajamas into his pockets before scooping up the kid, who was thankfully dry other than his sobbing.
“You won’t,” he clarified, “Kill him, that is. You wouldn’t do Steve dirty like that.”
“Really?” Steve snorted, rolling his eyes.
Tony frowned, but nodded anyway; whenever he and Steve got into fights, they were often explosive, and knowing Bruce, he would want to stay as far away from that as possible. Quickly packing up his bag, Tony offered Bruce a two-fingered salute, jogging back out of the school and to the field to see that the stands were starting to fill with parents from both teams.  He dumped his backpack into the pile of his teammates’ bags, grinning when Clint tossed him a water bottle.
“Why don’t we try and get some sleep ourselves?” Rhodey suggested, his lips quirking up, “We’ve got a few hours to kill before we land in New York, and if they decide to ignore our threats about the Mile-High Club, I’d rather be asleep.”
Steve shook his head and rubbed his eyes, groaning softly. Trying to interpret twelve-year-old Tony’s phonetic German accent was starting to make his eyes and brain hurt, but that seemed to be the least of his problems. Sure, Tony tended to be a little self-destructive, but writing himself getting pummeled by Skull? He knew what that felt like firsthand, and the thought of Tony having to endure that, especially as a child, made him more than uncomfortable. Still, Tony trusted him with it, and he was determined to finish it. Blinking, Steve returned his attention to where he’d left off:
Once he was dressed, he turned to PJ, sighing softly to see the boy fast asleep on the bed, clutching at his pajamas. Tony gently reached over to brush the wet curls out of his face, only to hiss as the nurse placed an ice pack on his injury and wrapped it to his chest with a large bandage.
was written on the bottom in Jarvis’ familiar script. Tony couldn’t help but smile as he flipped through the first few pages, seeing pictures of him and Maria playing together. Of course, the rare photos of him with Howard were at press conferences, with Maria holding him and Howard giving the camera a fake smile.
“There we go, little one. Not too much longer and I will put you down for a nap, okay?”
Steve laughed, leaning his head on his shoulder so he could smile at Tony.
“Knock it off,” Tony snapped at both Steve and Rhodey, standing up from his chair, “Go have your knotting contest somewhere else.”
PJ sat up and smacked the bed, sniffling as he wiped his face on his shirtsleeve.
It was no secret that Tony didn’t sleep well. Since Father spent a lot of nights up late working in his study or drinking, he tended to be awake late into the night, listening to the sounds of angry rants and shattering glass. So, when presented with the opportunity, Tony nodded and closed his eyes, slowly relaxing against Steve’s rising and falling chest, lured to sleep by his heartbeat.
“Thank you, Tony,” Bruce said, reaching over to squeeze his shoulder, “I know that it is not easy to surrender such things, especially when they are so young. We will be fast and soon he will be back in your arms to feed.”
Steve gently captured Tony’s hand and the bag between his own hands, a smile slowly turning up the corners of his mouth. Distantly, Tony was aware of the charm Steve was laying on him, but his Omega brain latched onto the attention and he tilted his chin up, unable to look away from the Alpha’s gaze. Steve gently pushed Tony’s hand back up against his chest and held it and the bag there, tilting his head down as if to say:
“Oh, my sweet, sweet honey bear, I thought I would never see you again,” he whispered in his native tongue, tears welling up in his eyes and spilling over his cheeks, “What did you
Thor was beginning to look pale himself, but he translated, and the Prime raised an eyebrow, amused at the response. He spoke again, lazily turning his hand in the air.
“Do you want me to get him?” Rhodey asked, feeling Tony tense under him, “I mean, if it were me, I’d want to see him. Just to see him hurting. I don’t necessarily
“Steve, you’re shaking. C’mon, bud,” Bucky’s voice brought him out of his head, “That’s it. What’s going on up there?”
“Is it time for a language lesson, Doctor?” Tony asked once they left the bedroom and had closed the door.
PJ looked warily between him and Steve, his once-clean fingers now stuck back in his mouth and being chewed on. Sighing softly, Tony decided to leave it be, considering that it helped to keep the boy calm. Slowly, the boy put his other hand in Tony’s, letting Tony hold his hand lightly. Standing back up, he turned to Steve, a slightly forced smile on his lips.
. It scared him more than he thought it should.
Peter broke his thoughts and he opened one eye to look down at the scared little boy. He tried to give his son a comforting smile, but it must have been off as the boy began to whine and fidget.
Steve opened the book carefully, not wanting to damage any of the pages, and began to read:
Knowing he was still at a disadvantage due to his injury, and not wanting to put PJ at risk, Tony sat on one of the side benches, looking out the window as he tried to console the boy. He decided to bounce PJ on his knee, which for the moment calmed his crying, and allowed Tony to fully focus his brain on their surroundings passing them.
“Ah, I need to discuss some things with--”
“Mom did it for me. Now, are you going to make
Rhodey sucked in a breath and looked at Steve, tapping his fingers against the table.
, you are alright—”
“Sorry, darling. Bruce wants me to come to the infirmary for a bit so you can rest,” Tony said apologetically, moving close enough to cup Steve’s cheek, “However, he wants me to leave Peter here, to keep you company and help you feel better. Is that alright? Do you mind looking after him for a while?”
“Be careful!” Tony called, offering his arm to lead Pepper out onto the floor before dropping his voice, “Sorry. He’s starting to become more comfortable, which means Steve’s nature is kicking in.”
stupid,” Steve mumbled into Tony’s neck as he settled from his giggle fit, breathing hot air onto the skin and making Tony shiver, “We—we could have had this, or at least tried this,
PJ merely blinked up at him, shifting his gaze between him and Natasha.
“Hey. I am glad for it,” he murmured, “I would be worried if the person you became bound to did
“Oh, shit, Tony,” Steve murmured, sending over a worried look, “Why don’t he and I get up and bring you breakfast in bed? You need your next pain medication dosage, anyway.”
He sighed when Steve patted his back, peeking open an eye to look over at the Alpha. A concerned face looked back at him, but Tony quelled it with a small smile, letting his feet carry him wherever Steve guided him. Occasionally, the people around them would stop, stare, and whisper, but they mostly streamed by, not caring that a total stranger, an unclaimed Omega, was walking amongst them flanked by their leader. It was a surreal experience, especially for a former prince. He was used to ogling, not being
“Tony--”
“And since Mary is not here…”
And then he just had to fucking wake up, didn’t he? He heard himself groan, his head was swimming, so he moved to clutch at it, only to have his hand be stopped by a force around his wrists. Recognizing the leather cuffs, Tony’s eyes snapped open, taking in the hospital room, the bed he was bound to, the nauseating smell of antiseptic in the air, Bucky by his bed and holding one hand over his chest—
“You are such an ass sometimes, I swear you live to give me heart attacks,” she said, clicking her tongue, “You know Steve will scold you if he finds out you left, right?”
“Aww, baby, and here I thought it wasn’t that good,” Tony teased, grinning when Steve tugged the blanket up to try and cover his cheeks.
The word made Steve perk up almost immediately, relief flooding his face and bringing crinkles to the corners of his eyes. He brought his hand up to cover Tony’s, turning his head so he could kiss Tony’s palm. Embarrassed by the affection, Tony patted his cheek and pulled away, stepping back and motioning to his stomach.
“Okay, I think this one’s ready, alright? It might hurt to squeeze, so if you need a biter, let me know,” he said out loud, slipping Steve’s nipple between two of his fingers as he picked up the thermos, “Ready?”
“I didn’t say now. When you’re ready,” Bruce answered, putting his glasses back on, “I mean, I think I know what it is already, so I’m worried, Tony.”
“Language,” Steve and Tony said simultaneously, shooting their heads up to look at each other in disbelief.
He watched Steve’s eyes dilate as the Alpha distractedly hummed in agreement. Slowly, he took his hand away from Steve’s cock and slipped it lower, gently running his fingers down his balls and over his hole. Steve gasped and leaned onto Tony for support, giving him as much room as he could by widening his stance.
you can do this. I’ll do what I can to keep you safe, I promise.”
He zoned in and out until it was time to get up, and even then, he struggled to focus. He felt like he was made of stone, heavy and clumsy as he let Steve take him and Peter back into the bedroom. First, Peter was dressed and put down in his bassinet, already fast asleep with his new doll tucked in next to him. Just watching the babe sleep put the final nail in the coffin; exhausted, Tony fell onto Steve’s bed, starfished out despite not having put on any new garments. A choked noise sounded somewhere off to his left, so he flapped an arm out until Steve took his hand. He pulled and rolled onto his back, no doubt having surprised the other with his strength since the bed bounced as if Steve had fallen and caught himself.
“If there’s tombs, you can count me out for
Sure that Steve had bonded him in his sleep, Tony shrieked and shoved the other man out of the bed, covering himself up with as many furs as possible. He heard Steve grunt and groan when he hit the floor, then saw his head slowly peek up over the side of the bed, eyes weary with sleep and confusion.
“Soon, my littlest love. Papa will give you something yummy to help those teeth, okay?” Tony soothed, running his hand through Peter’s curls, “Be good, sweetheart. I love you.”
He picked PJ up and held him up to the sink, walking the boy through washing and drying his hands before setting him on his feet again.
“What is it?” He asked, turning his gaze up.
“No, you resemble it,” Bucky called, making a nonplussed face, “Come over here and be social.”
Tony struggled and tried to get out of the guard’s grasp, but with the other kneeling on his legs and his arm around his throat, all he could do was struggle for air and claw at the guard. A sharp pain cut through him, causing him to scream bloody murder as he felt fingers start to probe in the gash in his neck.
“At least it was with me,” he whispered to himself, damning his shaky hands as he put the book back in the shoebox.
Confused but content to have Tony back in his reach, Steve nodded and quietly asked the doctors for some privacy. They filed out and closed the door behind them, leaving the pair alone. Steve immediately moved up to sit on the edge of the bed, bringing Tony’s knuckles up to his lips to kiss each one, careful of the bandaging.
It was perfect.
“Thank you,” Steve repeated, clearly pleased that Tony had taken the clothing.
“Don’t ‘oh Tony’ me! I—okay, maybe this time its completely justified, but still.”
“PJ?” he croaked, voice unnaturally wet, “Can you look at me, big guy?”
Tony wanted to be stubborn and remain by her side, but he knew what the tired lines under her eyes meant, so he nodded and let go of her hand, so she could go over to the front of the classroom. Looking around, he was entranced by the colors of the room; numbers and letters were strung up in their respective orders across the walls, with posters of what Tony figured were times tables and some basic English. He was already fairly advanced for being almost three years old, so he ignored the call to investigate, instead turning his attention to the other older children already in the room.
