Steve drags himself across a desert he has never seen, only knowing it from SHIELD files and half-laughing comments, self-deprecating and often drunk. He is looking for Tony, and Steve will fail, because no one saved him in Afghanistan. Tony saved himself, cut open and aching with it, with bomb scraps and a battery attached to his chest. Still he walks, the sun scorching his skin, and the sunburn never ceasing. His throat burns with sand and dry heat, and he does not stop for the oasis. He knows by now that the water will be nothing but a heat mirage.
Tony blinks, turning to stare at Steve. “Natasha,” he says. “Why wouldn’t Natasha have said something to you?”
“We have thousands of Asian-American employees,” Pepper says, but he knows that tone. She’s already giving in.
Clint had raised his eyebrows at him, then grinned a little bashfully, flicking a green marshmallow hat to bounce between Tony’s eyes. Steve didn’t understand why all of Clint’s cereal tasted like dessert, but Tony had picked the little marshmallow up off the table and eaten it, and that had been the end of that.
Tony blinks against the rising light as the windows lose their opacity, reaching an instinctive arm out only to encounter an empty bed. “Loki not back yet?”
“Loki might,” Clint mutters, and Steve shrugs.
“People see what they want to see in the people around them,” Tony says. It’s quiet, just enough for Peter and Steve to hear him. “Steve always saw the best in people.”
“Okaaay,” Tony says, blinking. He takes a sip of his drink, fingers flying over the tablet to find what he can from SHIELD’s files on the NIA breakout. It’s not much, not yet. The NIA must have had someone call Rhodey immediately, out of professional courtesy. That was pretty nice, actually. He’d have to send them a present.
“Hey, where do you want this?”
Steve knew he was being unreasonable, but he didn’t quite want to share Tony yet, so instead Tony had spoken to Pepper on the phone. He knew that it was awful of him to keep Tony from his best friends, especially when Rhodes was so often gone and he was presently in the building while he filled in for Tony on the team, but every time he thought about Tony leaving the penthouse, panic clawed its way up his throat.
“Go ahead,” Tony says, finally, and that seems to satisfy the spell well enough. The expression that overtakes Steve’s mouth is greedy, more wicked than Tony would have expected from Cap, but he’s absolutely not upset to find out that Steve’s a little more kinky than his sweet, all-American exterior might suggest.
“That’s what sex is for,” Tony counters, and Steve’s eyes darken even as he blushes like clockwork.
“You don’t,” Bruce agrees, “but you should.”
Tony was going to drive him absolutely mad.
He pushes the doors open, nodding to Pepper’s secretary. Steve had never particularly liked the woman, chiefly because she always seemed to be sneering at everyone. Her name always seemed a particular irony in light of how unhappy the woman always looked. “Ms. Bliss?”
“We can’t take the elevator with this much weight,” Tony says, mostly to himself. He smiles a little when JARVIS opens the doors obligingly. “But, we can use the shaft.”
They all have, multiple times. It’s a hell of a thing, to know that you’ve died and come back to life. He remembers reading The Adventures of Tom Sawyer as a kid, thinking what it would be like if he and Arnie had washed up on the rocky shores of the East River somewhere. How many folks would have mourned a couple of dead immigrant kids?
“In many polytheistic myths, the goddess of love appears to men as the combined aspects of all the women he has ever loved,” Natasha explains, a small smile blooming on her face. “Your reaction would suggest that it’s not just romantic love or lust, but maternal and fraternal love as well.”
“I do not know that I would go that far,” Loki says, slowly. “But we have been allied. We understand one another.”
“I take it that’s a negative result, Doctor.”
He throws himself over Tony just as the glass shatters, the car flipping over against the barrier and tumbling, hitting an oncoming SUV and spinning wildly on its back like a beetle before a second car hits it back into the concrete barrier, flipping it over again. He should have blacked out in the pinball, he knows, but instead he watches with numb horror as the car stops moving, Tony as lifeless as a ragdoll under his hands. There’s blood dripping from Tony’s temple where he cracked his head on the window, and Steve reaches for him, weakly, disoriented.
“I will find him,” she promised, a low whisper of death, and then she was gone.
. He was doing this.
“Sure, but who’s the target?” Tony says, frowning. He glances out over the skyline, fear and frustration bubbling up in his throat. “J, baby, I need a threat assessment-”
“I was,” Steve admitted. He shrugged, putting a little fruit tart in his mouth. Everything tasted amazing. He just wished it wasn’t so small.
Hulk shrugs again, and Steve walks over and puts down his duffel bag. He rests his shield on it, as this is pretty clearly not a combat situation, and slumps into one end of the closest couch.
“No,” Tony says, and Steve’s face falls so visibly it’s like the fucking sun goes out. “No, no, I mean. Fuck. I’m too drunk for this.”
It hadn’t mattered, really. He’d had Peggy, and she was beautiful, and she’d never thought less of him for what he was. When he’d first met her, he was half-sure she must be an alpha with the way she’d taken down alphas three times her size. Peggy was dominant, and beautiful, and she took control of a room just by walking into it. She’d fought against every alpha who’d told her a beta female had no place doing what she was doing, and she carried herself like it. She’d been incredible, and more than Steve ever thought he’d have.
“What did you- I mean, what happened, when you were…”
When he clocks back in, everyone is staring at him. He rolls his eyes, disengaging the suit and sending it back to its wall case. He carefully avoids Steve’s gaze.
Steve and Tony have always been something of an odd couple. In all the half-finished snippets of Cap/Iron-Man I have floating around, unposted and abandoned, they have fought as viciously as they loved one another. They’re too different in their glories and too similar in their sins, and that’s what’s always led them to being the powder keg that they are in the comics. The movies, having stripped away the ten years of love and friendship between them before Civil War, leaves only the conflict. Steve’s betrayal is even more inexcusable left bare as it is. This is a combination of movies and some comics lore, and it’s mostly me trying to pick apart my growing reservations about a ship that is old, strong, and near and dear to my heart. (Edit post-Ch 11: So far, I think it's helping?)
“The problem, I think, is that Sue and I are equals,” he says.
. Perhaps what you are sensing is the danger of Iron Man in the midst of a psychotic break.”
“That’s true,” Steve allows. He tries to think of how to explain this situation. “Can I come sit with you?”
They sit in silence for a long time. Tony leans up into the front, right through Steve, and pulls a tissue box out from the glove compartment. He dabs ineffectually at his eyes, then checks his reflection in his phone camera. He blows his nose until he can breathe without that horrible, wet gurgle plaguing every breath.
Steve swallows. “I know that,” he says. “I know, I just. I just thought I should say it, that’s all. So you know.”
Steve presses his palms to his eyes, and it isn’t satisfying at all. He can’t get the pressure he wants. He thought he’d cried himself out last night, but here he is again: crying into his hands, sitting on the floor, while the world goes on without him. Merciless.
“You’ve gotta stop doing this to yourself,” Jim pleads with him one morning. “Please.”
“Spare me.”
“I don’t know what to say,” he mumbled, turning his face up to face the closest security camera. He felt raw, scraped open, and he felt he owed it to JARVIS to let the AI see how much he was feeling. “You’ve been taking care of him for so long, way before I was in the picture. It’s an honour, to hear that from you.”
There was a sharp intake of breath, and Steve opened his eyes to see that Tony looked bewildered. His eyebrows were furrowed, expression fierce.
But Ms. Bliss is shaking her head. “I am saying that change is rare, and most men don’t have the strength to let it happen,” she corrects. “Tell me, Captain Rogers: do you think yourself capable?”
on the three dollar cart at The Strand. It was a dogeared little thing. Someone had loved it dearly, and there were notes written in all the margins in a pale, thin pencil, and he’d thought it would be a quick read. Something easy to page through in the park with a cup of coffee and then bring back, maybe for Wanda or someone else to look at. Poetry is always hit or miss for Steve: either he loves it dearly, or he wants nothing to do with it.
"No fucking way!" Clint says, slamming his hand down on the table. Bruce turns to look at him, and he shrinks back into his chair. "Sorry."
For Natasha, Steve knew, it was probably already too late. Her expression shifting from speculative to determined meant one of two things; she had figured out what the issue was, or she was putting it aside for the good of the mission. Either way, she going to figure it out pretty soon. The Black Widow had never met a secret she couldn’t ferret away from someone.
“Was it my fault?” she asks, voice angry and unwavering, and Tony stills.
He rolls over onto his stomach, burying his face into his pillow and letting out a frustrated yell. Loki had better come back soon.
Steve meets his eyes, lips quirking a bit. “I did the fool thing and fell in love.”
—and seen everything from Ellen Page’s dramatic speech to Lace Bass’ surprisingly casual interview with Rosie O’Donnell. He knew that Tony had never really come out, either, just let himself be photographed with whoever he was with at the time and told anyone who tried to disapprove where to stuff it. Steve liked that approach, mostly because the idea of someone asking him about his sexual preferences made something squirm unpleasantly inside his stomach. It wasn’t that he was ashamed, or embarrassed, but mostly that he didn’t feel it was anyone else’s business. If he could step out with Tony and have no one say anything about it besides how good they looked together, it would have never been a problem. It was the people who would make nasty comments about their sex life, about how him engaging in anal sex must make him unfit to be Captain America, as though somehow he hadn’t been queer the whole time.
“Go wild, Cap,” Tony says, and Steve crawls over him in the bed, straddling his waist and taking his face between his hands. He kisses Tony like it’s the first time, like it’s the last time, like kissing Tony is all he can think to do. It’s a kiss Tony recognises from nights when the nightmares send Steve into a flailing, gasping, dangerous mess, when Tony is his life raft in the cold ocean and the only oxygen he can breathe is the oxygen he steals from Tony’s lips.
“I still have JARVIS keeping an eye on me,” Steve admits, sighing. “And the nightmares-” He stops, taking a breath. Last night, with Tony cradled safe in his arms, he hadn’t dreamt anything of note at all. “It’s getting better.”
“Done, sir.”
Steve frowns. “Well, you were upset because I messed things up with Tony. And I appreciate that, really; he needs somebody to keep an eye on him, to look out for him. But Tony and I are…” He pauses. Surely, Tony had mentioned how things really were between them to Pepper. They’re close. He tells her almost everything. “Well, we still have some things to discuss between us. But I apologised. I’m…seeing a professional. To get back on track.”
Steve narrows his eyes at Tony, almost playfully. Then something in his face softens. He looks down, away from the screen, and sighs. "I thought about the things you said for a long time. First I was angry." He snorts, an incredibly human sound that Tony's never heard him make before. It's strangely charming. "I'm still…angry is too small a word. But now that I’ve had some time to sit with it, I can admit you were right about some things."
It isn’t like SHIELD hadn’t given him pamphlets about modern gender and sexuality dynamics. Proper conduct. Harassment. They had. Of course they had. But it was one thing to have read that, and another to understand, suddenly and on a deep, visceral level, that he had violated a significant cultural norm. He can remember with perfect clarity the feeling of standing over Tony, faces inches apart, snarling like an animal into Tony’s deceptively calm, faux-casual smile. Tony’s expression had flattened, then: disgust, or perhaps disdain was a better word. Like Steve was something disgusting stuck to the bottom of his overpriced shoes.
“You don’t have to say any more,” he said, but Tony shook his head, laughing bitterly at himself. It was a sound that Steve was familiar with, but he hated it all the same.
“Tony,” he says, and there’s that look that appears on Steve’s face, sometimes. It dawns slow, and gentle, and it feels like Steve is trying to hold him with nothing but his gaze. It stirs something in Tony’s belly, something roiling and strange, and his breath catches when Steve leans down to press a kiss to his furrowed brow. “I’ve waited years for you.”
“I think I’m seeing clearly for the first time in months, actually,” Tony laughs. He feels freed, almost, now that he’s made a decision. He feels like he could sink to the bottom of the sea and sleep. It’s the calmest he’s felt in so long. Since the night he connected Stark Tower to the arc reactor and Pepper had smiled at him over a glass of champagne. How simple his life had been then. How clear. He’d known where he was going, and who he was going with. Everything had been so easy.
There are some things that are sacred. Even to Tony.
this. What were you so worked up for?”
“Great,” Steve muttered. “Alright, Miss Williams, where would you have us start?”
Tony’d had self-defence training growing up, as befitting a Stark heir. He knew some karate, a bit of wing chun, and was an excellent boxer. What was most fascinating, though, was the way he moved; his sharp eyes picked up everything, that scintillating brain of his always trying to find the trick, the way to get around Steve’s barriers, the way to trip him up. Sometimes he copied motions Steve hadn’t even taught him, just picked things up that Steve used on him enough times that he could watch and figure out the mechanics. He was brilliant, and infuriating, and always a surprise. Steve loved working with him.
“Talking about me?” he quips, and Natasha smiles at him.
Romanov inclined her head. “I’m not pack leader material,” she deadpanned, and Stark turned to stare at her.
Clint looked up from his screen, tilting his head to the side before the callous visage of the sniper slid down like a portcullis. “Yes, ma’am.”
Bruce nodded encouragingly at him.
There were two more doors to go through, one requiring his handprint, the other a retina scan. Finally, he stepped into a huge cavern filled entirely by the Tank; a large metal box with a single pane of glass, equipped with everything from sleeping gas to horse-tranquilisers to other, more deadly solutions. The walls of this room were equipped to handle a sizeable explosion, Steve knew, even if he didn’t quite understand the specs behind it. It was meant to contain, and it was intimidating, and Tony said it looked like a high-tech fish tank. Steve told him he’d clearly never seen a fish tank in his life if that’s what he thought a fish tank looked like, but Tony called it the Tank, and that was its name. It even said so on the blueprints.
“Give
Rogers stared at him, something like shame flickering over his face. He hung his head, staring at his hands. “I haven’t been a very good friend of late,” he said, but Tony just laughed.
Steve examines his face in the tiny kit mirror, trying to catch any stray bits of unshaved hair and likely failing. He rinses the straight razor in the bowl, gives it up as a bad job. Bucky snorts at him.
“I’m your people,” Pepper says confidently, and Tony turns around with a container of blueberry yoghurt in time to catch a conspiratorial glance between the two. He picks up a spoon, then makes his way back towards the couch. His knuckles graze Loki’s cheekbone as he passes, more instinct than choice. Loki leans into it, offers him a wry smile.
“JARVIS, can you make sure he eats?” Steve says, and Tony winces. “Tell him…well. I’m ready to talk whenever he’s ready.”
“Do it,” Tony says. Steve drives like a maniac on that bike of his, and he needs to talk to him ASAP. He glances out at the skyline. “Loki? If you’re listening, this would be an awesome time for you to show up and tell me what you know about what your old buddies are up to. I have a really fucking bad feeling about this.”
Thor turns to look down at his brother, then, face set in stern lines. “You are not an unspoiled maid on Thrimilci. Do not start a quarrel because you cannot be true to yourself. We are far too old for such games.”
Steve doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do in this situation, but he doesn’t think it’s just sit here. He pulls Tony towards him, instead, drawing him in until his shoulders fit comfortably in the curve of Steve’s arm. He coasts a gentle hand over Tony’s spine.
Franklin pulls back abruptly, a big grin bursting over his face. “Woah.”
Steve let out a sharp whistle, raising his steaming coffee cup in a toast when they all turned to glance back at him. Thor grinned, lifting a hand.
“Wow.”
“An excellent idea, sir. If I may, Agent Barton is in the communal kitchen and you haven’t eaten in hours.”
“I want to come with you,” Steve said, already knowing that speaking the words was the equivalent of loosing her chains. The smile that Natasha offered him was bloodcurdlingly cold.
“How are you feeling?” Tony asks him, pulling out slowly, and Steve moans. He arches his back a little.
“Or we could work through our issues together,” Steve says stubbornly, “the way we’re meant to.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth lifts.
“You say stuff like that,” Steve says, and Tony’s eyes snap guiltily up to his face, “and then you look at me like I’m a particularly juicy piece of meat at the butcher.”
Tony’s brain is white static. He doesn’t know if he’s even breathing. He doesn’t know if he even remembers how to breathe. He moves without conscious thought, hands doing precisely as asked and settling on Steve’s ass. It’s all muscle, thick and perfect in his hands, and he pulls Steve apart almost brutally, exposing his hole to the tentacle that is curling back over Steve’s hip, questing, enjoying the feeling of skin sliding across the sensitive tip as it traverses Steve’s body. With Steve’s mouth pressed against his ear—his hot, blushing cheek pressed up against his own—Tony can hear the little unvoiced whimpers and moans that Steve holds back. He turns his face, pressing closer, so that Steve’s every gasp is spoken right into his ear.
Steve shrugs, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. “Numb, I think.”
thought Tony was an alpha, up until Tony had used that word, and then he’d had to go to the gym and take a few bags apart because he’d wanted to ask
Dr. Chandrakar nods, a smile playing around his mouth. “Of course, sir. Now, if we might show you the progress we’ve made with the biotech body armour since its last iteration?”
Tony Stark has always been loved: by screaming fans, or swooning girls, and sometimes swooning boys. Pepper loved him – loves him, with a loyalty that baffles him. Bruce and Natasha love him, too, but Tony has never been good at understanding people. He doesn’t know why, or what makes them tick. He doesn’t understand patience, or grace. He doesn’t understand how beauty grows out of friendship until suddenly, huh, there she is; six-foot-two in heels and a smile like a jet stream, like lightning striking the edge of a sand dune and leaving a crystalline coral sculpture in its wake. Tony doesn’t understand how love can surprise you. Tony doesn’t know what makes a man, or what alchemical changes have been borne through his blood to make him happier, less of a lush, but he knows what it feels like to have his nerves light up like a Perseid shower. He knows what it feels like, in his chest and his stomach and his spine.
“Tony, nothing you could say to me could change how I feel.”
“Fucking mind control,” Clint had said flatly.
Tony waits with open arms for the suit to fly up to meet him. He can hear the hiss of the tower panel opening to JARVIS’ machining levels, the sound of the repulsors increasing in volume until the suit floats up towards him. Grinning, he vaults the rail and jumps out to meet it, metal closing around his arms, familiar and dear. The suit drops ten floors before he’s fully secured, tumbling in mid-air to get his feet under him. The long drop down to the pavement waits beneath, ants and beetles still shuttling through the lamplight at the arsecrack of Thursday and Friday.
Hill shrugs. “For the first meeting, it would probably be best to go up to the school, yes. Doctor Xavier has custom-built facilities that are irreplicable.”
There’s a letter sitting on top of the freshly painted metal, “Cap” printed on the front in Tony’s blocky engineering print, neat and square and perfect. He picks it up between hesitant fingers like it’s fragile, holding it for a moment before sliding his finger beneath the flap. It pulls away clean with the slightest cracking noise, and the paper inside is fine, heavy, cotton based. There’s a sticky note attached to the front of it.
“Well,” Clint says finally, slamming back his glass, “that’s some fucked up shit. And we haven’t even gotten to the mindfucking yet.”
Tony had dressed in one of his beautiful suits for their night out. Something like sharkskin, with a gentle gleam that made Steve want to brush his fingers over the fabric. Then he remembers that he can, and he slings an arm around Tony’s shoulders. When Tony leans into him, his blood sings.
He does, and oh is it spectacular. It’s the best moment of Tony’s week, yet.
Steve’s mouth moves to his neck, but Tony can feel him holding back. His whole frame is wrought with tension.
“Jesus,” Tony breathes, and Steve’s grin shifts a little, turns just a shade off wicked. Tony wants to eat him alive. Or maybe be eaten. He hasn’t decided, yet. “Please, not the accent.”
“You’re a peach, Taesha.”
“It could destroy the pack bonds if too many of the team are exposed,” he explained, and Steve blanched at the thought.
“Well, why else would only I be able to interact with you?” Tony asks. He turns around to gesture in the general direction of Steve. “Not Strange, or Xavier, or any of the other telepaths or magic users. My tenure as a technopath is the only thing that sets me apart, and is the only real way to explain why I would be the sole person able to receive input from your mostly-dormant brain. Which begs the question: how is Extremis gathering the data that I’m translating into touch? And where is the output coming from? There has to be some kind of data stream we’re able to track, and that puts this problem squarely back in my wheelhouse, not Reed’s. This kind of sleuthing is old hat for us, isn’t it Fri?”
“The smell,” Steve said, and Natasha nodded. He let out a rough sigh. “Eggs?”
, I love you-”
“What’s he wearing?” Tony asks Franklin. “I’ve been wondering this whole time.”
Tell me, what is it you plan to do
“Oh?”
The professor smiles, taking a sip of his tea. “My opinion doesn’t matter in this, Captain. What matters is that this upsets you. Why do you think that is?”
Tony considers his options. “Do you think I should?”
“It troubles me that I do not know the answer to that question, Captain.”
“I forced you!” Steve shouts, then covers his mouth with a hand. Tony tastes acid, throat tightening. “I, you weren’t in the suit, and I pushed you. Again. I just-…there’s something wrong with me, Amora-”
Thor took a long drag of his cigarette, chased it with some wine. It
, you really like this, huh? Having me at your mercy?” Tony gasps, trying to get his wits about him. “Jesus, you’ve got the mouth of a pro-”
“Is it my fault?” four-year-old Tony had asked, very sensibly he thought. Howard seemed to think most things were his fault, after all.
“Yeah,” Tony says, but there’s nothing in it. He doesn’t even sound like he’s there.
, he thinks.
“Tony,” Steve murmurs, and Tony’s hips rock forward of their own accord. “Christ.”
“It’s not magic. I would have to see a body, for the bond to break,” Steve said, unable to say ‘his body.’ He was impressed he’d managed to say that much at all. “Something about the pheromones, or something, I don’t know. That’s part of why it’s so important to get a soldier’s body home. There’s nothing worse than the constant ache of limbo.”
. The weather is 50 degrees Fahrenheit and sunny. I have been asked to inform you that brunch will be served in an hour in the communal kitchen.”
“Pretty little slut, aren’t you?” Tony growled, biting at the sensitive curve of his ass and sending shocks of pleasurepain skittering up his spine, down to his toes. “Filthy, desperate omega just gagging for it-“
“How can you be mad at me for not knowing what’s going on in your head, Steve?” Tony asks, scraping a shaking hand over his face because, fuck. He’s so tired. He’s
“I’d help you even if it had nothing to do with Steve,” Bucky continues, because he’s just as much of a meddling brat as he ever was, even now. He steamrolls right over Tony with cheerful Midwestern nicety, like the sky is blue and butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth, no sir.
Steve arches like he’s been electrocuted, eyes wide and sightless. His mouth drops open on an unvoiced sound of pleasure. His eyes roll back into his head, and Tony just keeps going: slow and hard, back and forth.
“Tony,” Steve tries, because he knows how Tony can get when he’s like this. It’s absolutely the wrong thing to do, because Tony holds up a hand. It’s a cutting motion, one they use in the field, and it shuts Steve up immediately because it means two things: first, that Tony is in charge of the Avengers right now, and Steve is not; and second, that Tony is incredibly, unbelievably livid.
Tony huffs out a bitter laugh, then turns to the damaged gauntlet on the armour. Might as well be useful, while he’s in his self-imposed exile.
Steve narrows his eyes at his target. He hefts his makeshift weapon in his hand. Then he lets fly, really putting his back into it.
“What do we have on Gyrich?” he asks, pulling out his phone.
But Pepper was right; he’s always better with a short deadline and a big project to work on. And he’s having a lot of fun building this float.
He pats Steve gently on the shoulder.
Steve closes his eyes and lets the rush take him back to his body. He doesn’t fancy letting Tony drag him back to the tower through the air.
“Okay,” he says, “but I need a drink for this.” And then he turns, and heads for the bar.
Steve nods, not trusting himself to speak. He can’t imagine this is going to be at all pleasant.
Steve pulls the hand out from where he’d rucked up Tony’s shirt, splayed broad across his lower back, easily lifting him up. His expression is horrified, and Tony shushes him.
“The guy I assigned-” Happy huffs a laugh. “Okay. I’m coming, just stay there.”
“Oh, baby,” Tony purrs, simpering, “you’re worried about me.”
“Thank you,” Steve grates out. He opens his eyes, bright with moisture. A small, fragile smile curves his mouth into something Tony might actually like to kiss someday. “That was…” He swallows. “That was nice.”
“You don’t have to go-”
“I have it on good authority I’m a narcissistic asshole with delusions of grandeur-”
Tony, as a public figure, has lots of quotes floating around the internet on any given subject—even some that Steve kind of wishes he didn’t. There’s the video of Tony calling senators assclowns, for one, which seems to have become a kind of reactionary response that’s used as shorthand by average citizens all over the country whenever people are mad at the government. Tony, Steve learns, is what one young woman on tumblr calls “eminently gif-able.” There are all sorts of little clips of him on every single social media platform Steve can access. A gif of Tony dancing on a stage surrounded by beautiful, barely-dressed women with fireworks in the background is used as a celebratory reaction. A gif of Tony whipping off his sunglasses and winking into the camera is used as joking flirtation. A gif of Tony almost falling off of a float at NYC Pride makes Steve blush; Tony’s barely wearing anything, most of it looking like some kind of leather fetish gear, and the text that’s placed over it says TOO GAY TO FUNCTION. In almost all of the gifs, Steve notes, Tony looks particularly attractive. This seems to be a big selling point for Tony; that he’s gorgeous, and people want to sleep with him, even though they don’t know his dynamic. Most people assume he’s an alpha, but there’s a headline from a rag claiming “STARK’S TEEN LOVER TELLS ALL” that conservatives seem to obliquely reference when they are angry about something Tony has done. In it, a man that Steve very much doubts Tony ever touched let alone let knot him claims that Tony’s secretly an omega…well. He calls Tony some names that make Steve have to go down to the gym and take apart a few heavy bags, is all.
“I’m all healed up.”
article, Stark Sr. called him his best party trick at least once.”
Beth stares at him for a moment, then shrugs. She turns, heading back towards the table saw. “You’re very transparent and a terrible liar.”
Steve leaned forward, curling up in Tony’s lap. He clenched his fingers in the worn cotton of his shirt, pulling it up so he could press his face into skin. His nose burrowed against the slim line of hair at the base of Tony’s stomach, leading down below the waistband.
The machine clicks, indicating that Tony’s filled the voice message limit, and Tony drops his head to the worktop wish a gusty sigh. Briefly, he considers re-recording the message, but he doesn’t think he could manage to stomach saying all of that again. It was bad enough the first time.
. It isn’t. “I never could bear to spoil his fun.”
“Our mother and father are-…” Thor clears his throat. “Or, were, clever. And wise. It is what they are best lauded for, both. Your stories paint me as a powerful fool, always a step behind Loki’s tricks. Is that not the way of things, as you have seen them?”
“No word on the bloodwork yet?”
“Then let’s do this right, okay?” He’s pleading, he knows he is, but he doesn’t like this feeling squirming in his stomach. Now that the sex haze is gone, it’s just him and the knowledge that if Steve had said something in the heat of the moment, Tony would have been unable to say no. He can’t imagine a situation where he’d want to say no, but Steve was proving to be marvellously, gloriously surprising when it came to sex. Tony has no interest in watersports, or ageplay, or furries, and he doesn’t want to take any chances.
at you. Do you have any idea how much I missed this mouth? Watching you from the other side of the glass, every time you bit your lips. You’re so damn pale, and your lips so red, it’s like you’re begging to be used.”
“Oh, I-” He whined, going limp and tilting his throat back in submission. He dropped his free hand by his head, letting his legs fall completely open. “Alpha. Claim me.”
“Yup.”
cw: alcohol, drunkenness, intrusive thoughts, in general Tony having a Really Bad Time
Steve’s entire body ached: every joint, the bottoms of his feet, a spot on the back of his left forearm, behind his right ear. It reminded him unpleasantly of weeks cooped up with the flu, his head stuffed with cotton just as it was now. He felt dizzy, and fatigued, and most of all, bone-chillingly empty. He felt like he’d been hollowed out with one of Natasha’s skinners, insides scraped straight clean. A headache built at his temples.
why.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not made of glass, Cap,” Tony sneers, lip curling, and Steve presses a kiss to his forehead. “Damnit, you can’t keep doing that.”
“That’s alright,” Steve said, turning back to his drawing. “It’s Tony’s blue. I’m happy to wear it.”
Bruce scratches at his brow with the thumb that isn’t holding his blanket on, eyebrows raised. “Yeah, okay.” He turns to the bickering brothers. “Loki, you’re with me. And Thor, you know the rules about the lab.”
“In case you forgot, this is my actual fucking day job, and it’s what funds our little jaunts out into the world to spar with alien sorcerers in ridiculous costumes. I know you’ve never really experienced money on the scale I operate at, but I promise you what I do is actually very important and my time, since you seem to think that I owe you
“Now you know how I feel when you jump off of shit.” Tony’s tinny voice came from his phone in his pocket, voice muffled, and Steve pulled it out with his heart thundering in his throat.
“Iron-Man, Hasegawa is a no show,” Widow says, sounding winded. “Barnes is down and secured, should be long enough to finish up here. Entering the compound now.”
“Right,” he says, “I’ll take the stairs to the top.”
Loki's waiting for him when he gets out of the elevator. He's in his battle armour this time, but unarmed, and thankfully lacking a helmet. His hands are folded behind his back. Tony considers him, standing patiently in the middle of his penthouse, then glances up at the nearest camera.
“I’ll hold you to that,” Steve replied, and it felt like a promise for something more in his mouth.
Steve clenches his hands, blood dripping down into the washbasin between his clenched knuckles. He doesn’t bother to turn around.
“I wouldn’t…I could never,” Steve splutters, but stops short when Tony’s gaze turns vicious. “I’m not saying you’re lying, I’m sorry, I just…I can’t imagine. Saying that. I haven’t even. I wouldn’t say it that way. When did I say that?”
“Impatient,” Tony chides, and Steve groans, struggling against the coils around his thighs. He scratches his fingernails over Tony’s scalp, squirming deliciously as he tries to get more friction. “Do you even know how octopodes mate?”
New York was never his, for all he grew up here. Not the way it was Steve’s, anyhow. He wanted something more, a place to fit in, but now he’d been to space and all he could think about was the cliché and the pale blue dot. He’d been patriotic, once; he might be still, somewhere deep down, but it was mostly a mask he put on to play pals with government officials, to offer morale to troops who saw him as a true American, a true patriot, a good man. He didn’t think about America much, or even the city as being his city. He was a New Yorker, by most definitions, he supposed. He was an American. He was of Earth.
here you beautiful
“Wow,” Tony says, genuinely impressed. “You really went for it, huh. A+ phrasing. Strong delivery. Good job.”
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Loki murmurs, déjà vu sweeping over Tony along with something else he doesn’t want to name, and then he can’t help but lean in and kiss him: sweeter, gentler than he’d meant to, in a way that is so transparent that Tony can almost feel himself flush with embarrassment. He’s always been a little too olive-toned to manage it, but it’s a feeling he hasn’t had since he was a kid.
Bruce doesn’t say anything, and Tony sits up and turns to look at him. Bruce’s expression is unreadable. Curious and flat, the way he looks at a test tube in the lab.
Tell me, what else should I have done?
“Before you go,” Bruce said, opening his arms, and Steve blinked at him in incomprehension. Bruce sighed, then leaned forward to wrap his arms around Steve’s shoulders. He turned his head to speak softly in Steve’s ear. “You’ve done amazing, I just wanted you to know. You’ve been an incredible mate for Tony.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, again. His voice sounds like he’s been chewing on broken glass. He ducks back into the tower without another word.
A holoscreen filled with Steve’s sheepish, awkward countenance pops up next to Tony, who immediately raises his eyebrows at it. Steve's combed his hair. He's wearing a nice shirt. He looks like he's going to church.
“Tony?”
“I’m afraid Mr. Odinson’s phone goes straight to voicemail.”
“I’m just saying, it sounds like your friend is human,” Xavier says kindly. “We’ve talked about you holding yourself and others to a high standard. Most of your team seeks to rise to meet that standard. It is part of why you are good as a team leader. But Stark, as your second in command, is a realist. He’s meant to consider the angles of a situation, and try to make your dream a reality. Your team functions well because of this balance.”
“You’re the alpha leader of a company that’s been the foremost defence contractor in the world for decades,” she continued, and Stark frowned.
“That might be wise, sir.” Helpfully, JARVIS throws up a list of known magic-wielders on one of the holo-screens, listing Sersi at the top. “You could try someone else?”
“My heart may give out, but oh what a way to go,” he says cheerfully, rolling to lie on his back. “Have at it, then.”
When he’d come twice that way, Tony spooned up behind him, knotting him from behind. Steve slipped in and out of consciousness as they nestled together, Tony’s hands roaming lazy and possessive over his stomach, his chest, his throat. He imagined Tony was putting him back together, piece by piece, his hands smoothing over all the places Steve had ached for him while they’d been apart.
“You can’t tell me you’ve been acting like yourself,” Tony snaps, and Steve flinches as though he’s been struck.
“You…” Tony blinks at him. “You
“I’m sorry. Are we ok?”
“I’m gonna be 200 by the time you’re done, feels like,” Steve gripes, and Tony laughs. “Tony, come on. I don’t mind if I’m feeling it, later. Might be nice, even.”
"Did you…I, uh. I was wondering if, maybe-"
“Hey,” Tony says, heading towards his room to change. “He’s not human.”
“Tony!” Steve gasps, startled, and Tony rumbles a low laugh. He sweeps the flat of his tongue over Steve’s skin, feeling the flesh harden in his mouth. He’s always loved that feeling, and he sucks gently at the rising nub, humming in pleasure when Steve arches under his mouth. “Tony, my God-”
Steve wishes he could have been there to see Peter and Tony explain themselves to Maria, but he still hasn’t figured out a way to accompany Tony while he’s flying without hurting himself. Instead, he’s forced to pace circles around his own lifeless body, his eyes trained on the door. It feels like aeons before it finally hisses open, and Steve bounces awkwardly on his toes as the three of them enter the room. Now that Tony’s here, he’s not sure how he feels about this. Should he get into his body? The very idea of it sends heat scorching over his cheeks, down his throat to his chest. He’s always been a horrible blusher, intangibility or no.
“Tony,” Steve says, anguished and angry all at once, and Tony spares a scathing glance for the elevator camera in order to best convey his displeasure to his errant AI.
“You’re sleeping in jeans,” Pepper observes disapprovingly, and Tony sighs. “There’s food. Is Loki joining us?”
"Fuck. You," Clint says fiercely.
Distantly, Tony can hear Beth cackling something about Tony calling Steve’s bluff, but he isn’t listening to her, really. He’s watching Steve as he pulls back, the bright red blush skittering over his cheeks, the way he looks completely poleaxed. And maybe, just a little disappointed.
They’re both, he decides, far too good at using intellect and emotion as a weapon. He cards his fingers through Loki’s damp hair, feeling the measured breath of a fucked out Æsir skating across his chest. He feels wrung out, but also intensely satisfied. It’s only ten. Maybe he’ll order in.
The knife between his ribs is a blessing.
This is one of the wild sex things I was contemplating when I first considered writing an A/B/O story, but y'know what? Ball gags are a thing, so we know it's possible, and I thought it was a good way to display trust and intimacy on both sides. Teeth hazards and choking hazards? Sounds like a black-belt-level blowjob, only for the brave and talented. Tony and Steve are nothing if not foolhardy and enthusiastic, which is...close enough? Thankfully, as this is fictional AU sex, no real cocks or throats were endangered in the making of this sex scene.
“Bits.”
“They always leave,” Tony whispers. It’s not quite audible over the slow thump of the chopper’s idling blades, but Steve hears it anyhow. The desolation in it makes the hair on the back of his neck stand on end.
“Oh,” Steve says.
Really what he wants to do is talk to Tony about some of the books he bought. Before he went to Saint Joseph’s, he thought that Tony would get upset if he asked him about any of this stuff. But after their talk in the workshop—at least, until Steve got something wrong, like he always does—he thinks maybe Tony would be happy to know that he’s reading
Rogers exhaled harshly, shaking his head. “First off, I know for a fact Edwin Jarvis asked you ‘round to his for the holidays, and you rebuffed him. That man followed you all the way to the damn middle of this cesspit of a state, leaving behind all the glitz of the city, because he cares, and you still push him away.”
Tony’s eyes darkened at that, but not in the way that Steve liked. He looked almost anguished, and Steve thought back to the slack-jawed look he’d worn when Steve first woke, as though Steve was a foreign body in his space. It made his insides twist unpleasantly, but Tony must have read his discomfort on his face and mistook it for post-heat aches, because he sat up with a self-deprecating frown.
Franklin nods. “You’re not a stranger, so it’s alright if I hug you,” he says. “Do you need a hug?”
, Steve told himself firmly, embarrassed at his own betrayal. He licked his lips, skating his fingers over Tony’s chest.
The bathroom door opened.
“Come on, Pep,” he says, shaking his head, “guys like that are always already unhinged. Any little thing is the catalyst for their crazy.”
. Tony’s eyes blow wide, pupils shrinking in fear, and Steve presses his forehead to Tony’s. “Tony,
Tony huffs, folding his arms across his chest. “If you can tell me, honestly, that telling one of the team won’t get me benched…”
“Please tell me you’re alone.”
Steve strips out of his clothes as soon as he’s past his own door, heading straight for the shower. He’s barely got a hand around himself before he’s knotting his own hand, forehead pressed to the cold white tile, chest heaving. He presses his tongue to the roof of his mouth for the last of Tony’s pheromones left there, licks his teeth and moans. Fuck.
Steve's smile is like the sun rising over the dark mountains. There might be trumpets. His eyes crinkle at the corners.
"You're supposed to be discouraging my bad life decisions!" Pepper favours him with a wry look. "My parole officer already reamed me out bright and early this morning. Guess it was high on the to do list."
“My, uh. You probably noticed my… My heat’s coming up.” Tony clears his throat. “This week, probably.” Or in the next 72 hours. Whatever.
“Come on, Steve!” Tony shouts from the front hall, and Steve blinks, shocked, and does as he’s told. Peter similarly bolts upright, and he turns and makes his way towards Tony alongside him.
He doesn’t know who he’s begging.
Tony shrugs.
“Yeah,” Steve says, voice hoarse. It’s more growl than word, but Tony lets it slide, just this once. “Can I…?”
Loki pulls back, something complicated flitting over his face, and Tony rolls to kiss him. Loki hesitates before kissing back, deep and drugging.
“You can open me up and watch, and fuck me. I can’t wear it for too long, safety things, but…” He waves it in Loki’s face, frowning when Loki takes it and puts it on top of the table.
Tony quirks a smile. “That’s my boy.”
Steve wails. There isn’t a better word for it. His jaw slackens, slumped entirely into Tony’s arms, and now Tony’s getting ideas. This is his deepest, darkest fantasy: Steve, drunk on pleasure and at his mercy, too tired to do anything but take it. This is how he loves it, giving and receiving. This is the most precious gift he could have ever gotten.
“You’ve had a trying day,” Loki allows. His face turns serious again, and Tony shifts off of his lap, twisting until he’s sitting with his shoulders against the arm rest, his calves settled atop Loki’s thighs. Loki frowns slightly, but he pulls the socks off of his feet to reach skin. Tony lets him undo his waistcoat, then the first few buttons of his shirt as well, long fingers gliding smooth over his collarbone, the hollow of his throat. One hand curls around the thin skin of his ankle. Tony swallows under his cool touch, and Loki grins at him. It’s a simple thing, without intent, and Tony thinks back to Bruce’s chastising speech before they’d flown off to save Cap from Amora’s tortures. It wouldn’t be the first time that Bruce was more observant than him when it came to interpersonal relations. Tony was nothing if not consistently bad at understanding his own life.
“Yeah, that’s me baby. Is Amora out of your system? Can I untie you?” Tony winks at him. “I’ll understand if you’d like to stay tied up, but maybe another time, more private quarters-”
“Come on, Nat,” Tony tries. “We know you’ve been compromised. We know you kept Barnes off the security cameras in Nigeria. We know you intentionally kept Cap in the dark about him.”
“No hair colour change and facial mapping nets for you, huh?” Tony asks, and Natasha offers him a wry smile.
“Nothing,” Tony says. He swallows down the urge to cry, sucks in a shaky breath. “That’s all just me, sorry.”
“Spoonman” spills forth from the speakers, albeit a quieter volume than what Tony really means when he says “blast.” Still, it’s better than silence, and for a while he works on the projection. He runs through simulated tests and watches the tunnel collapse five, thirteen, forty seven different ways. He considers fringe theories on new biosynthetic building materials that mimic mushrooms or spider webs. He dictates a few light inquiries to a handful of material science innovators across the world.
Tony stiffens under the lee of his body. He sucks in a slow breath.
“I should buy blockers, shouldn’t I?”
“I love you,” Steve says simply. “Someday you’ll figure it out, genius.”
, he thinks.
Steve doesn’t know whether to be embarrassed or resigned. “I’m not so good at talking,” he manages. Surely Tony’s noticed that by now.
JARVIS helpfully zeroes in on a few problem areas. Then Steve shifts on the sofa, making the leather creak. Tony restrains the urge to toss him out.
Afterwards, Steve lies on his back in Tony’s bed for a long time. He watches the light change in the room. He leans down and presses soft kisses to Tony’s chest, traces his damnable obliques with his tongue. He curses when he loses his ability to touch halfway through mapping Tony’s ribs, regains it again when he manages to hook Tony’s thighs over his shoulders. Tony is half-awake, beautiful in dreams. His eyes flutter open and shut, Steve’s name falling from his lips in a gentle litany as he submits. Steve thought nothing more could surprise him about his non-corporeal form, but Tony’s release passing through him as he sucks him is unaccountably startling. It’s enough to make him take Tony a little too deep, the surprise of it making Tony arch up in a mix of oversensitivity and ecstasy. It makes Steve want to have him all over again.
“No,” Strange is sneering at Spidey, “what Tony needs is a psychological professional. I cannot believe you are entertaining this behaviour-”
She bundles him into a helicopter and walks over to chat with the pilot. Steve hesitates for about fifteen seconds before putting his hand on the side of the helicopter. Once again, it goes right through.
When he’d hit puberty and started having them himself, his mother had tutted and fussed and frowned over him, blaming herself.
"Actually," she says.
“Let me take care of you,” he says against Tony’s mouth, and
"So, Thor's doing some sort of Asgardian political song and dance, and his brother wants, what? Amnesty? Why now?"
Still, the question ate away at him, even now. It settled deep into his bones, and sat there. Simmering. It hummed in his skull as he went to sleep, pounded against his temples as he showered.
“Steve’s haunting me.”
Steve gives him a flat look, and Tony sighs and gets up, walking back towards the work sink and complaining all the while. Steve pulls up a stool catty corner to Tony’s and opens the box of cookies.
“Tony is all of those things,” Steve says, helpless in the face of Pepper’s completely insane amorality. “Few men are more powerful. He’s already the richest man in the world.”
He has no idea how he’s going to face Tony after that spectacle.
“Hey,” Tony rasps, pulling off. “Watch it with the super strength, gorgeous.”
this is what tony was humming in the limo, if you're interested https://youtu.be/4m1EFMoRFvY?t=30
Steve frowns, confused by the sudden shift in conversation. “What?”
“With me here,” Loki says, “there is no need to fly.”
“Tony,” Steve groans, back arching. He keeps his wrists where they are.
“You’re so good,” Steve slurs, and Tony flushes hot. “God, you’re so fucking good, Tony, don’t stop, please don’t stop-”
“Do you have a meeting today?”
“Thank you, alpha, thank you,” Steve gasped, taking his cues. He would be good for Tony. He would. “Alpha, you’re so good to me, please-”
“You know I hate when you guys do this,” Tony says. It’s an old argument.
“You have plenty of time to eat,” Steve promised, pressing forward, and Tony swallowed audibly.
“Tony,” he says, “this is my sin. Do not punish my brother for my choices.”
Tony breezes into the communal kitchen to grab coffee and an entire box of raspberries, lifting a tired hand to wave at Luke and Dani. She’s got mashed banana all over her face, sticky fingers tucked into her gummy little mouth. Jessica is standing by the windows, muttering into her cell phone, and Steve hoists himself up to perch on the kitchen island. He leans down and makes a funny face at Dani, but she doesn’t react at all.
“And this troubles you?”
In his defence, he didn’t mean to look. He’d seen Tony taking the injections twice since that first time, and Tony seemed less jumpy about it now. Steve had practically moved into the penthouse, and they were talking about spending Steve’s next heat together. His last heat had come too early in the relationship for both of them, and instead he’d spent it in his heat room, heavily prepped with plenty of toys Tony had equipped entirely for his pleasure. It had been nice, honestly, to know that his alpha was still taking care of him, even if he wasn’t actually there in the room. Steve’s heats were entirely irregular, but Tony had mostly synced up with him after weeks of regular sex and pheromone exchange. To hear the team tell it, he’d spent most of the four days of Steve’s heat pacing aggressively around the tower on the knife’s edge of a rut, snapping aggressively at his packmates and hammering at things in his workshop. The sex was always good, had always been good, but Steve remembered the week following his heat with particular fondness. A possessive alpha wasn’t something every omega was interested in, but Steve was an old-fashioned kinda guy. He loved when Tony pampered him, manhandled him, used him for his own pleasure. He liked feeling beautiful, and coy, and owned.
“And that’s me,” Stark said, doubtful. “Why the hell aren’t you doing it?”
“No, no. You’re, uh. You really worry about me, huh?”
“I know it’s too big a risk,” Bruce began, after Tony had spent a week in the tank, “but I wonder…”
“That doesn’t make it right-”
“Don’t,” he says, and Tony stops. “Just…” He closes his eyes, pressing his forehead to Tony’s. “Okay. Go.”
Steve’s watching him, now, though what he sees makes him frown. He’s got a magnificent frown, Captain Rogers. His chin dimples with it. It’s quite foreboding. But then the frown melts, and he just looks nervous. He bites his full bottom lip, the one Tony’s wanted to suck on for weeks.
When Tony’s knot went down enough, he eased back, swiping his tongue over Tony’s cock on the way up just to feel him gasp and writhe at it. Tony looked delirious, staring up at him with wide eyes. Steve flexed his jaw side to side in response, wiping the wetness from his lower lip with one thumb and then sucking it back into his mouth, chasing the taste of Tony’s skin. He smirked when Tony groaned at the sight of him.
The look that Ms. Bliss offers him is pitying. “Of course.”
He sucks in a shaky breath. Counts to five. Lets it out again. Rinse, repeat.
“You want to look at what I’ve got on the anti-magic front.”
“I can’t… There aren’t words for it,” Steve rasps, and Tony preens a little. “They’re all too small.”
“And I am?”
“Was that exactly what she said?”
Steve rolls Tony over onto his side, spooning up behind him and tucking his nose behind Tony’s ear. One arm curls up under Tony’s head, fingers twining into his hair as Steve eases his way inside. It’s a sweet slide, with Tony as relaxed as he is, and he melts back onto Steve’s shoulder with a soft little sound of contentment.
“Fuck,” he hisses. “How many?”
“I know you were busy,” he said, shaking his head. He pulled them down the hall into the bedroom, then began stripping off his sweaty running clothes. “I was okay waiting.”
In college, Steve Rogers was the source of a sexual awakening that Tony had previously left unexplored. Girls had been throwing themselves at him for as long as he could remember, but boys,
“Or perhaps I was bored,” Loki says, and Tony levels him with an incredulous expression. “I’ve proven my point to Odin, Frigga was dead. What else did I have left to do?”
"JARVIS can't see you," he observes, starting the machine.
He blows out half of the top of the elevator before Cap can walk into the debris radius, blocking the faceplate with an arm. When the last of it has crumbled away, he reaches out for Cap, rewarded when they lock together as easy as muscle memory. Cap steps onto his foot, arm going around his shoulder, and Tony slides an easy hand around his waist and flies them up into the darkened shaft.
“Yes, sir,” Steve drawled, and rolled to stand in a move that was more to show off for Tony than representative of how steady his legs felt just then. He pulled Tony to standing, then traced his fingers through the mess on Tony’s stomach, rubbing his thumb against his slick fingertips and biting his lip.
Loki hums, clever fingers loosening it. Tony takes a sip of his drink as Loki undoes the knot, drapes it on the arm of the sofa, leans back in. Tony tilts out of reach.
By his own ex-lover, Steve knows. The thought of Tiberius Stone’s oleaginous, grinning face makes his fists clench.
F O R G I V E E A C H O T H E R
“What kind of person do you think suits up and goes out to fight a giant cybernetic T-Rex in the pacific northwest on a Thursday evening?” Clint added in Steve’s ear, snorting. “Stable, well-adjusted people? Please, kid. Gimme a break.”
This is his tenth mistake.
Tony hadn’t meant anything by it. They’d been together for the better part of two years now, and he hadn’t pushed it once. It was Steve’s choice, he always said. Tony didn’t care, but even if he did, he couldn’t control Steve if he wanted to keep his private life private. Tony loved him, and everyone who mattered already knew. Steve knew all the lines, could play them back six, ten, twelve times over. They’d had the conversation more times than he could count. But now, Steve wondered. He wanted. He imagined.
Tony loves so much it aches.
. We are closer now to that happening than we have
“You were cursed-?” Steve intones, shrilly, and Tony hisses, waving his hands in the air.
“Being intimate with you could never be a punishment,” Steve tells him seriously, and Tony grins at him.
Loki nods, and Tony licks his lips, tilting his head to better see The Black Widow stepping out of the building. Pepper stands behind her, expression caught between nervousness and determination.
“But someone might tell, in order to maybe gain favour with a future ruler,” Bruce posits, and Thor nods, expression grim. “No offense, but why are you back here? Shouldn’t you be in Asgard, helping to smooth things over?”
Steve takes a breath, turning it over in his head. “I guess I’d just like to think that everyone would do the right thing, when presented with it.”
“Oh,” Steve said, then, because he had known. He had violated Tony’s trust, Tony’s body, in a way that was unforgiveable. Steve didn’t understand biology or science the way that Bruce did, but he knew what this was, and it wasn’t antibodies or anything like that. This was alpha hormone, and it was absolutely none of Steve’s business why Tony needed regular shots of alpha-hormone. That had nothing to do with the arc reactor. Tony had lied, which meant he didn’t want to tell Steve about this. He hadn’t wanted anyone to know.
“I love that woman,” Tony says wistfully, turning expectantly towards the elevator. He eats another oyster, saves the last one for Natasha.
(second poem down)
Natasha considers this. “Who are we up against, then?”
“You can hurt him,” the man tells her, “but I need his body alive.”
“You’re just jealous,” Rhodey says, and Tony snorts.
Tony grins, feral, and clenches his hands hard on Steve’s arse as he presses the tip of his ligula into Steve’s tight, trembling asshole. The sound that Steve makes is a little loud, and Tony pulls his head away with a cruel kind of laugh. He dips down and bites Steve’s bared throat, then keeps on going: pushing, slow and inexorable, the ridges on the underside catching against the tight rim and leaving Steve shaking in his arms.
“I’m sorry I don’t remember you,” Tony says, but Shuri just shakes her head. “What about Rogers?”
“Please, can we not do this right now?” He points at Stephen. “How the hell was I gonna bring that up?”
Tony sits up with a startled shout, his hands coming up automatically in repulsor position even as his brain registers the voice he’s hearing. The Æsir himself––
edit: I re-watched Infinity War and realised that Tony actually has a canon flavour! So I changed that.
Chapter title is from E. E. Cummings,
Tony grumbles and closes his eyes, opting not to answer. Bruce is warm, and his laughter is a soft, pleasant rumble against Tony’s sternum. He’s so lovely. Tony aches for all the things he wants and cannot have, the things he has and does not want.
“We thought that Natasha wasn’t affected, but what if she was?” Tony says, pacing back and forth behind the bar. “I now have video proof that Amora can affect women. It makes sense for Barnes to avoid security footage, that I get, but Nat doesn’t appear on the security footage until after she took Barnes down. Why would she do that?”
“Are you going into heat soon?”
,” Peter says, horrified, and Tony waves a lazy hand at him. It’s completely false, and everything about this is making Steve want to scream.
“I’m serving as a diplomatic liaison between Loki and Midgard,” Tony improvises audibly. It’s the closest thing to the truth he can think to tell her. “Thor, as our shieldbrother, is included as part of Midgard.”
“Can we…talk?”
“Oh, is that the route you wanna go? Fucking internalised bullshite, you might as well register your address in Narnia-”
"Why thank you, Mr. Stark." She glances down at him, eyebrows raised. "I saw you on the news yesterday."
“Dormammu,” Tony says, and Stephen nods. “Well, uh.” He glances at Steve, suddenly wary. “Can we talk…somewhere else?”
“I love you,” he whispered against Tony’s mouth. He repeated it against his jaw, his eyelids, his bonding gland. There, he pressed the softest kiss he could possibly imagine, no pressure, just a chaste brush of lips. He felt Tony shiver as he did it, his arms tightening around Steve’s shoulders. “I love you. I love you, I love you, I love you.”
“How much kissing are we talking, here,” Clint says, wiggling his eyebrows, and Steve flushes at the insinuation. “Ooh, incriminating!”
Tony frowns, resisting the urge to glance over his shoulder at the mirrored glass behind him.
“Thank you.”
“I have not, Stark. Focus. Match my breath.”
“Yes, we’re here,” Rogers said. His voice was warm with mirth and fondness. He pulled Tony up the steps. “Come on. Jarvis’ cooking is always superb, and I’m just about starving.”
“10:20. I didn’t want to wake you too early, but the food couldn’t wait any later.”
Steve is startled by how glad he is to see him.
“What are you talking about?” Steve asked, bewildered now. Tony blinked at him, confusion overtaking his face.
“Poor baby,” Tony simpers, snickering. “Is it weird if I take a nap? I’m not usually a nap person.”
“That man knows far too much about our sex life already,” Steve complains, and Tony snorts and shakes his head, blinking the world into focus. Steve is utterly, truly filthy. He’s got come splattered on the bottom of his chin, over his chest, and also on the edge of the tub and onto the bath mat. He’s bruised everywhere, little magenta and violet circles from Tony’s mouth and suckers. There’s a handful of red scrapes from Tony’s nails across his chest and stomach. His lips are bitten red.
“I could snap off a piece, if you need to ice your wounds,” he offers, and Tony rolls his eyes and pushes himself to his feet.
Steve’s teeth are perfect under his tongue. It’s a strange thought to have, one that’s distinctly unsexy, but it’s the thought that bubbles to the surface as he slicks the tip over the ridge of Steve’s incisors, shivering as Steve’s slides underneath his, testing the thin membrane there. He makes a sound, surprise maybe, and Steve tips forward into him, cupping one big hand over Tony’s jaw, pulling him just that barest bit closer.
Loki’s laugh is rasping and low, his head tilted downwards. “What a question.” He flashes a grin, green eyes bright. “What is it you want, Tony Stark?”
Steve blinks, surprised, and turns his head to look down at Tony. All he can see is the dark mop of his hair as he does something meticulous with the innards of the groin plating.
“You noticed me whilst you were in the shower yesterday. I saw you dancing, naked under the water as you sang.” Loki licks his lips, and Tony waffles, unsure if he’s aroused or annoyed by the knowledge. “I thought of joining you, running my tongue over your wet skin, pressing you against the tile.”
“Steve,” Tony says, his breath stuttering in his chest, and
“I guess that just makes me sound kind of naïve,” Steve says slowly, feeling it out for himself. “Is that how we’re viewed?”
“Are you praying to others while sharing my bed?” Loki asks, and Tony blinks his eyes open and finds Loki’s expression one of begrudging amusement. His eyes are still red, lashes clumped together, Tony’s come drying on his jaw and a little bit down his throat, and,
“Because I’m mad at him.”
Loki smiles wryly, eyes dropping to half-mast. He looks at Tony through his eyelashes. “Would you believe me if I said a kiss?”
He tilts his head and studies Steve for a minute. Underneath his embarrassment, his eyes glint with a challenge. His jaw is set stubbornly. He's unbelievably attractive like this. Here’s the man that Tony’s read about: the one who hitchhiked across state lines to try to enlist under fake names up and down the Northeast.
Tony sighs.
, Steve thinks.
“I get no respect.”
“Hi.”
“Give him time,” he says.
Steve starts wearing blockers whenever they leave the tower, but otherwise he doesn’t bother with them. Tony doesn’t know what to make of that, but they don’t discuss it again. Instead, they work together on fixing up the city. Steve is called in often by the fire department when they need a bit of delicate heavy lifting: places where they crane isn’t quite nimble enough to pick something up without bringing the whole place down. He spends a whole week at The Frick, trying to recover paintings and statues from a wing that collapsed under the force of an explosion after one of the Chitauri’s flying scooters went rogue and crash-landed on one of New York City’s premier art institutions. Tony donated a few thousand bucks and then left him to it, too busy trying to make sure the 4, 5, and 6 were up and running ASAP. Between their work on the ground and the tower renovations, they don’t have much occasion to see each other. But every night, like clockwork, Steve slinks into Tony’s workshop with hair damp from a shower, and curls up in his usual spot on the sofa. Sometimes, always initiated by Tony, they make awkward conversation. Mostly they let the music play and don’t speak at all.
“It’s okay,” Steve says, hearing his voice as though it’s echoing down a tunnel. “Whatever it is, it’s okay, Tony.”
“Strap in,” she says finally, and Tony takes a deep breath. He sits up, reaches for the straps with unsteady hands, but he loses hold of one, and it swings wild. The clang that it creates when it falls back against the wall is deafening. “Hey. Deep breath, Avenger.”
He settles into the armour with a relieved sigh, the cool metal much gentler against his slick skin than the rubble-scattered ground. He gets his tentacles aligned into the legs, four each, then lets the armour close up around him.
Okay. So maybe Tony’s drunk.
"We're handling that," Coulson says. Natasha smiles, tiny and terrifying. "Stark, he seems to have taken a liking to you. Do you think you can turn him?"
Tony frowns. “Seriously, J? I programmed you better than that,” he says. “Because they’ll bench me, obviously. They’ll put me on ice while they try to undo whatever it is that Le Fay did, and if that’s not the biggest fucking cosmic injustice then I don’t know what qualifies. It’s not like they’re gonna bench Cap, even if he’s the one-” He stops, takes a breath. Some things shouldn’t be said, even in anger to your closest confidant. “Look. Leave Strange a message, tell him it’s an emergency. And keep the search running in the background, lest he pop up in the fuckin’ mountains of Laos or something.”
“Was that a racism?”
The surname is like a knife to the gut when he’s already down, but he clears his throat when Tony begins to look genuinely concerned, trying to compose himself. “Um,” he tries, throat catching. “God, I’m such a jerk.”
He wants to ask. Then again, considering how he’s handling Loki, he probably doesn’t want to know. “Why’s that?”
“Of course there is,” he says. He takes a breath, reaching up to brush his thumb over Tony’s cheekbone. He comforts himself with the faint flutter of Tony’s eyelashes, the way his breath stutters in his throat.
Tony shrugs, and Steve books it, jogging to the elevator and hitting the button maybe a little harder than he needed to. He’s in his pyjamas, fingers blackened with charcoal from his sketches this morning. He takes a deep breath, tries to screw his head on straight.
Steve bumps his shoulder against Tony, then leans over. He pillows his head against him.
“Sorry,” Tony says, waving a hand. “I digress. My point is, Steve probably didn’t even know he was flirting.”
“You have it, you can, just-”
“He’s having a migraine,” a familiar voice says quietly, and Tony glances back behind Bruce to see Rhodey, thank fucking God. “I got the lights, but sound is gonna hurt right now. And someone might wanna get a bucket.”
“Where?” War Machine demands, but Steve’s pushing out of Tony’s grip, sliding down the cable and swinging into the floor in question before Tony can react.
Tony raises his eyebrows and scoops some ice out of the bar fridge into two tumblers. "You're not the first to say that to me recently." He takes the stopper out of the decanter and pours two fingers each. "Captain America seems to think that he should take my word for it if I say we should give you a plea deal."
Rogers turned his head sharply, and Tony winced.
, he remembers.
“Tony…” Steve exhales, head swaying back and forth a few times. Tony plasters on a plastic smile, gestures to the glass doors.
“Agent Romanov would like to know if hot cocoa would be apt for this clandestine conversation, or if it would ruin the drama of the scene you’re setting.”
“They worked it out like adults.” Tony laughs: a wild, bitter sound. It curdles Steve’s blood in his noncorporeal veins. “I suppose the optics of us brawling in the street are very different with a romantic, heterosexual couple. Punching your wife is a bad look, no matter what the issue is.”
“Holy damn,” Steve says. A grin breaks over his face. “Tony, you marvel.”
Loki sneers, pulling a white linen cloth from seemingly thin air. He uses it to wipe the blood from his hands, his face. “Thor made the same mistakes, as ever. Even bitter experience cannot teach a fool.” He gestures casually back towards the portal. “Do you wish to study his device, or keep the evidence beyond the arm of Midgardian law?”
“You’ve apologised a thousand times. To everyone in this building. On television. To the country. So just…let me speak.” Tony sighs, but he’s still feeling quite tender. He submits to Steve’s protestations, relaxing against him. He lets his head fall against Steve’s. “I promised myself I’d never do that to you again. I promised I’d never walk out on you when you needed my support. And I…I fucked it up. I left you, again, when you needed me most. So soon after -”
“It is absolutely my pleasure, Mr. Stark,” Taesha tells him. Her voice shifts a little, out of professional courtesy and into a confessional, earnest tone. “Thank you. If it’s alright to say that. My sister worked in midtown, and she…” Taesha takes a shaky breath, and Tony breathes in with her.
Steve closes his eyes.
“God, I’m…look, I really-” Steve let his breath out in a rush, prying his hand away from his eyes to try to face Tony head on. His expression was impassive, but his eyes looked wild, almost fearful. Tony’s eyes always betrayed him. He had the most expressive eyes Steve had ever seen. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I really enjoy spending time with you. I didn’t want to be one of those-… Well. I guess it doesn’t really matter, what I was trying to do.”
“I want this, too,” Tony repeats, fury and fear twisting nastily in his chest as the words are ripped from his throat. “You weren’t wrong.”
It hurts. It hurts worse than anything Steve could imagine. He thinks back to all of Tony’s horrific lovers, people who didn’t deserve to touch him. Tony with Tiberius and loving Steve. Tony with
He thinks of Tony loving him while Steve tossed him aside, put his fist through the wall of a dingy motel in his anger, left him there alone and shaking. He thinks of Tony nearly freezing to death from cold, and remembering the angry words that passed between them. The thought of it makes his non-existent stomach roil with guilty nausea.
Tony hummed, pressing another soft kiss to the nape of his neck. “Have I been neglecting you?”
“Toh.”
“What?” he says, voice barely above a whisper, and Tony smiles and presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth.
warning: a character jumps off a building and does not die, but is a kind of dark sui-ish vibe, so if that's a trigger for you fyi
“Hm?”
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve says, and Tony rubs a hand over his face, exhausted and feeling it in every inch of his bones.
When Tony gets into the darkened workshop, he’s visibly exhausted. The armour peels off of him like a selkie shedding its skin, until there he is: dark, tousled hair, and the bags under his eyes, a little thin and almost swaying with how tired he is.
“A wild card,” Steve says, more fondness in his voice than he’d like. “A live wire. A rigged bomb. He’s always moving, always changing, always running off to do something dangerous.”
"You like him."
Steve rumbles: a low, contented animal sound. He presses his nose more firmly into Tony’s hair, breathes again. The feel of it sends prickles migrating down Tony’s spine in shivering waves.
The professor leads him into an office, walls the same polished mahogany as the rest of the mansion. The carpet is plush enough that he can feel the difference under his feet despite his shoes, and he takes a seat at the magnanimous wave of one thin, long-fingered hand. Xavier’s old money pedigree shows in his bones; a strong brow, sharp cheekbones, fine fingers. He has grace and presence that no one in a wheelchair, bound and at a height disadvantage, should rightly have.
“She’s real worried about you,” Clint said, sounding apologetic. “She doesn’t know what it’s like.”
Loki smiles faintly. “As long as we are allied, I would not subject you to such tortures, Stark. You have my word.” His expression darkens, changing into a guise of remembered horror that Tony knows very well. Tony coughs a little, thinking about what he’d said to Steve about understanding. He tilts his head to the side, presenting the bruise as a peace offering. A quiet satisfaction washes over him at the surprise in Loki’s face, and he holds still as the mage moves closer to study it.
I think of Atlantis buried under ice, gone
He pulls on a pair of cotton sleep pants and an old Judas Priest shirt, then goes to the bathroom and checks to see the damage. Almost all of the marks Loki left can be covered with a collared shirt, and they’d washed up after the messier bits. He tries to fix his hair back with a wet comb and mostly fails.
“Too soon,” he gasped, and Tony pulled away immediately, whispering apologies and kissing along his collarbone, his throat, his bondmark. “
There was a pause. “I think, perhaps, there are LGBT-focussed advocacy websites that might be better suited to your edification in this matter,” JARVIS says. “Only, I know that you find it disconcerting when we cover topics involving sexuality. If you would direct your attention to the StarkPad in the sitting area, I can pull up the relevant information for you.”
You said I could have anything I wanted, but I
“And Loki’s not?” Tony snorts, mouth still full. Steve frowns at him. “I’ll give you a pass for yesterday, since you were pretty fucked up, but you seem okay today.” He gestures at him with the sandwich. “How are you feeling?”
“Supposedly,” Maria agrees. She looks as though she’s swallowed a lemon, and Steve laughs a little, tired as if he’d been the one fighting. It’s been a long few months. He’s ready to go home.
“They would not be your friends if they did not meet your parameters for friendship, would they?” the professor asks, and Steve mulls that over in his head. He thinks about Tash, who is both competent and willing to sacrifice herself for the mission. Come to think of it, he isn’t sure if Natasha would ever use the phrase “greater good.” He isn’t sure if she even believes it exists. “Which brings us back to your original issue. Why does it bother you so much, that this friend made this statement? She cares about others, sometimes to a fault, you said. You think of her as a good person. But she said she doesn’t care about the greater good. What does that mean, exactly, as you understood it?”
"I'd like to consider myself a student of Joaquín Sorolla, actually," Steve says, mildly. "His use of colour and light is fantastic. I've been trying to work with pastels more, lately, and I've found his work real inspiring. Michelangelo's figures are too…exaggerated, for my tastes. I'm more interested in luminism."
“Pepper and Rhodey aren’t really-”
He sighs, turning his face into the retinal scanner. “Access Granted: Anthony Edward Stark, Codename Iron-Man.”
“Tell me this is working, honestly. Tell me this is working for you and mean it and I’ll come back to New York right now.”
"Which means you're here for me," Tony says, taking a sip himself. Loki's green eyes are bright with enjoyment. "Widow was out because of Clint, and the Hulk scares you shitless. Captain America isn't a grey area kind of guy, and none of us would trust Thor’s judgement. That leaves me. And you like me. Why?"
“If I recall, you already had your dessert,” Tony says, and he can feel the rumble of Cap’s laughter move through him from where they’re pressed back to chest. “Twice.”
“I do not think that your interference would have changed the outcome of this incident,” JARVIS says, firm and kind. “The on-site NIA representatives were generally dismissive of what Colonel Rhodes had to say, and he can be quite charming. You were unsettled, exhausted, and injured. You were in no condition to negotiate with the NIA.’
Steve blinks. He wets his lips, takes a slow breath. “Here.”
The thing was, Steve would have never suspected that Tony was transnatured: not in a million years. Sometimes all it took was Tony walking into a room with confidence to make Steve want to sit up and beg. Before he’d started stepping out with Pepper, every news outlet and website from here to Sydney had painted Tony as the UberAlpha, full of sex appeal and leadership qualities and all that nonsense. He was handsome, and suave, and knew how to work a room. He was everything an omega could ever want. His little queer dalliances aside, he was epitomised as the alpha of America’s wildest dreams. A long string of satisfied lovers only supported Tony’s reputation. Tony was an alpha’s alpha.
Sometimes he fucked him until Steve came dry, fingers tearing at the sheets.
, I- I’m-”
“No,” Steve says, aggravated. He’s still kind of angry, but he isn’t sure why. The links from JARVIS had been incredibly helpful when it came to the latter part of the so-called “advice” Pepper had meant to impart on him. But it was the original conversation that he couldn’t stop coming back to. “She’s unfailingly loyal to the people she loves. She’s a good person. Or, I thought she was.”
Steve lets out a shaky breath. “I...I met my soulmate recently.”
“Talk,” Tony says, sipping his drink once more. Loki pouts up at him, and Tony smirks and bends down for another lazy kiss, Loki’s tongue sliding against his to taste the remnants of alcohol redolent in his mouth. Loki tastes of sweet, cool water, the usual bitter pine. Today he feels particularly sharp, and Tony shifts his hips a little without intent, simply enjoying having a beautiful body spread out under him, his to indulge in as he pleases. When Tony pulls away, he’s more breathless than he’d expected to be. Loki’s eyes are half-lidded, smug and happy in an uncomplicated way that leaves Tony feeling off-kilter. His pulse thunders through his chest.
“Friend Steve,” Thor called, and Steve turned around, startled. He’d forgotten Thor was nearby. “I shall stay with the good doctor, if you would like to make your way upstairs.” He grinned. “I am large, and space is limited.”
“I’m fine, mom,” Clint says, wrinkling his nose at him. Tash snickers from where she’s pulling out a tumbler, a trio of shot glasses, and a fat snifter from Tony’s well-stocked cabinets. She drops an ice ball into the tumbler. “Dr. Cho patched me up good as new.” He pulls the edge of his t-shirt up to reveal a patch of raw, pink skin. All other evidence of the burn he’d seen on Tony’s footage is gone. Clint pulls his shirt back down, and Steve stares at the front of it with a small frown. There’s some sort of shelled green monster on it, with a purple eye mask and a bō staff.
Methinks, should not be chronicled for wise.
“Alright,” Tony says. He props his hands on his hips, nodding at them. “I’m trusting you miscreants to captain the ship while I’m gone. Don’t crash it, and you’ll all be handsomely rewarded.”
Tony stills, frozen in place as the elevator doors close. “J, run a full scan.”
-” Tony growled, scrabbling at him, and Steve let himself be tugged. He was grinning, he knew, smug and happy, and when Tony kissed him it was rough and claiming and so good, lush, drugging kisses until Steve melted against him, unable to keep himself from plastering the whole of his body to Tony’s. He was wearing entirely too much clothing, but he couldn’t bear the idea of pulling away now. Instead, he pressed his face into Tony’s neck and breathed in the scent of him, still a little bit breathless and shivery.
Guilt crawled up out of his stomach like a monster, clogging his throat with a sudden swell of tears. He couldn’t cry, with the mask on, so he fought them back as hard as he could, blinking rapidly to clear the moisture away. He patted Bruce awkwardly on the back until the man let him go, looking a little abashed but mostly determined.
“You know a lot of secrets, Nat.”
Tony casts his gaze over the airfield, watching the bustle of planes taxiing along their careful trajectories. He’d always liked planes, even before the strippers and the private jet. There was something pure about them, mathematics and engineering all that kept a crowd from splattering to flesh soup on the pavement. Flight was the human miracle. Everything had to be perfect, precise, and yet still human error became the fault at the heart of it. And Tony just keeps making mistakes, rolling after each other and growing like the proverbial snowball and hill. The weight of it sits in his chest, mass growing exponentially, cold ice.
“Would you just stop?” he demands, and Steve’s lip curls. It’s a sure sign that this fight is about to get nasty, and Tony holds up a hand in placation. “Look, this isn’t about you, either. I’ve had a lot going on, in case you forgot. I didn’t have time to babysit your weird relationship with your brainwashed evil brother, okay, just. Just let me
Steve wasn’t half as good a person as everyone wanted to believe.
If Maria notices his strange behaviour, she doesn’t comment on it. She’s looking at Steve’s body, her face expressionless. Blank, almost. “You don’t remember the last time you stood vigil over his dead body.”
“Tell me,” Xavier says, and Steve wets his lips, considering.
“I can assure you,” JARVIS says, voice laden with mirth, “it is not
“Enough for two weeks at least, whatever you think that is. And fit Dr. Lohdi in ASAP.”
The elevator dings. Clint is inside it, looking like he’s never wanted to be anywhere else more in his life, and Steve glares at him unhappily. He holds up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.
“Are you dying?” he asks.
"Superwhat?"
“That’s it,” Steve burrs in his ear, and oh, that’s never fair. Steve mid-sex is all Brooklyn brogue and rumbling purr, like the best kind of vintage engine. In the right kind of mood it’s enough to get Tony going, and he’s definitely responsive to it now. “You’re so perfect for me, sweetheart. Let me hear you.”
“Slight acid burn, nothing to worry about.” He smiles sheepishly. “JARVIS startled me.”
“Steve,” Tony rasped, turning frantic now, and Steve pulled off with a heavy gasp, eyes meeting Tony’s with determined intention. He took a few deep breaths, replenishing his oxygen, then ducked down and took Tony in again. “Steve? You- oh, my god, you can’t be serious.”
Steve’s not moving. His hand has frozen where it had been testing the slowly rising water, his ear still cocked to the side to show Tony’s he’s listening, but he’s not moving. Tony swallows, drags his gaze away from the strong lines of Steve’s shoulders. He glues his eyes to the cobalt tile patterning the bathroom floor.
Now, he takes a sip of the gleaming liquid in the snifter, tasting something sharp and sweet and honeyed, a fresh icebox-cold grapefruit sprinkled with sugar in the middle of a hot summer. He closes his eyes and breathes it in, lets it sit on his tongue for a second before swallowing it down easy. It’s smooth as silk in his mouth, but he can feel the burn of the alcohol in his throat.
“Yeah,” Steve called warily, not really sure if anyone could hear him. He presumed this was the young and bright Miss Williams.
“Some of these children have scales, or fur. Their obscured epidermis is all anyone will ever see. So what is one’s definition of enhanced? We’re not better, or even necessarily advantaged. We’re just different.” Steve nods again, because he agrees with that. “However, that does not mean that I expect all of these children to become X-Men.”
“Dream on, Astroboy.”
,” Steve says, betrayal thick in his voice, but it’s Natasha that Tony’s watching. Her expression shifts through irritation, then tired resignation. She’s letting Tony see her, he knows. She’s telegraphing for him, just the barest micro-expressions across the placid, emotionless mask of her face.
“Teasing bastard,” Steve growls, and Tony laughs, licking a slow line up Steve’s cock from base to tip. The sound he looses is pure filth, a low, rumbling moan that curls into a little cut-off huff of breath.
“Not really,” Tony laughs, because he knows that isn’t true. “Lots of people want or need something from me, which is different. Learned that one ages ago. Though sometimes I forget.” He sighs. He hates being this drunk. It always sends him on a wild emotional roller coaster. So many ups and downs. He doesn’t want Steve to see the down part. There’s nothing Tony hates more than pity. Worse, pity from his so-called soulmate, Captain America. “Fucking joke.”
“Wanted what?” Tony asked, faintly.
He doesn’t think he’ll be sleeping for a while.
“Are you familiar with the concept of projection?” JARVIS deadpans.
Rogers’ face was shuttering, his body angling away, and Tony realised he’d been silent for too long. He offered Rogers a wink, because he didn’t like that look on the sheriff’s face.
“Fuck, Steve,” Tony says, and Steve blinks, wide-eyed at him.
“Salt,” Tony blurts out, and Steve blinks. “Fancy organic sea salt. We have plenty in the kitchen. JARVIS, calculate how much we need and help our dear captain out, would you?”
He squeezes his eyes shut and digs his nails into the soft skin of his palms.
noticed Tony’s scent yet. He’d been too preoccupied, and now it’s all he can focus on. Tony smells incredible—like a mistral crossing the Rhône before a storm. He smells like lightning, and coconut, and warm ocean-y sweat. Steve takes a slow, deep breath and his knees almost go out from under him. He reaches a blind hand out for the elevator railing, does his best to lean against it casually. He is under no illusions that he succeeds.
Steve is from the 1930-40's where women being slapped is 100% chill, forget about men. He still feels bad, which is pretty progressive of him, honestly. God, have you seen the era films? Sam is a military man who works as a counsellor at the VA, who has seen friends die in front of him. On the other side, Pepper is a modern feminist woman with a relatively normal pre-Tony life, and Bruce is a survivor (canonically he was brutally abused by his father as a child.) What is acceptable in the respective worlds that these characters live in is often very different. Tony’s father was a neglectful, emotionally abusive alcoholic, and Tony's also an ex-weapons manufacturer who has PTSD from torture and battle trauma. A punch from Steve isn’t trauma for Tony, by my characterisation. It’s shitty and grounds for a lack of trust, but Tony’s concept of DV is probably a little more involved. And remember, Cap and Tony are favoured sparring partners. They hit each other consensually all the time.
“Too soon?” Steve shakes his head at him, and Tony waves a hand at the elevator walls. “In or out, Cap. Them’s the breaks.”
Tony pressed into him, one hand closing gently over his throat to hold him in place, and Steve just went limp. Through pleasure-slitted eyes he could see Tony watching him hungrily, biting at the inside of Steve’s knee where it was hooked over his shoulder. He was still almost entirely dressed, hadn’t even taken off his shoes, and Steve flushed at the thought of what they must look like: him desperate and naked and wanton, Tony fucking his omega to shut up his begging before a meeting-
“If that’s wine I’ll eat my hat.”
“Look again,” Rogers said gruffly, taking Tony firmly by the elbow. “People are gathered here with friends for food and drink, to partake in the holiday together in a bit of sensible and good-natured fun. You are getting sloshed all on your lonesome.”
Tony argues a bit longer, but it seems to mostly be for the fun of it. He closes his eyes and lies back on the padded bench… thing… Reed has strapped him into.
Steve wonders if maybe watching Tony hurt himself is punishment for
"You are most welcome, darling." Loki's voice is saccharine and cloying and dry.
“Oh, I know,” he drawled, eyes dragging slow over Steve’s body, and Steve huffed. “I just meant, uh. You’re…I guess I never imagined you’d be into the traditional alpha/omega thing.”
"Killjoy," Clint mutters.
It’s like a bucket of cold water. Tony had
“I don’t understand it either,” JARVIS admits. “He exhibits all the markers of arousal. He is undeniably attracted to you, sir.”
They’d still been dating, then. Things had been fraught, as they tended to be whenever any discussion of superhero business was involved. After Tony had decided to retrofit the tower, he’d thought it was necessary. If the Avengers were going to be moving in, there had to be a place to contain superpowered individuals who were behaving badly. Sure, SHIELD was still around then, but Tony was a futurist. He’d anticipated a situation arising where they might not want someone going into government custody. He’d considered Loki’s staff, at the time still missing, and thought about what they would do if someone else was taken over by its power. The Avengers were dangerous people, as they’d proven for the world to see. It wouldn’t do to have no way to control them. It was just insurance.
“Tony!”
Tony laughs, spraying crumbs everywhere. It’s not classy, but he’s surprised and he hasn’t showered in two days. “What?”
“Yeah, it is, but now is
Tony’s throat clicks, and Loki grins up at him. “You want me to prove my skills, but you want to run the show?” Tony teases, voice surprisingly steady. “Seems like there’s a conflict there.”
“You’re welcome, sir.”
“Uh,” he says.
As one, everyone in the room turns to look at Tony. Tony, who is busy bandaging his arm—alarmingly efficiently for someone working one-handed that speaks to years of him avoiding medical at all costs—does not look up. But there’s a tension in his shoulders that might as well be shouting “don’t look at me” for how obvious it is. After the day he’s had, Steve doesn’t even have the wherewithal to blush.
“Oh, god, I hated that guy.”
“I’ll love you,” Steve promises, “until the day I die for good.”
Tony doesn’t really know what he’s doing here.
The truth is, Tony never fell in love with Steve Rogers. Tony Stark has always been in love with Steve Rogers. He doesn’t remember a time when Captain America didn’t loom over him, cornflower eyes and hair like wheat, like he was birthed from the rolling open fields of the country’s farmland. Steve Rogers was the hero crush of a boy who was so alone it ached, lonely seeping into his bones like winter cold and staying there, low pain and numbness.
Tony tilts his head. “Sorry, not ringing any bells,” he says brightly, taking note of the way Amora’s mouth opens, clearly affronted. “So, uh. Wanna come back later? Or…?”
“You scared us!” Wasp says. She sounds genuinely distressed, and Tony grimaces.
There’s a rustling among the gathered masses: heroes and friends and family at the front, then military and SHIELD personnel. A few hundred people Steve has never met. Crying families. Strangers. He sits in the grass at Sam’s feet and looks up at Tony, standing there in his dark suit, his expression sombre and collected.
“Letting ourselves have love, where we can find it,” Steve says, and Tony claps a hand over his mouth.
Usual warnings: canon-typical violence, ethically questionable therapy**
“I hate feelings,” Tony says into the pillow, succinct and infuriated. “I have no idea what the fuck I’m doing. What am I doing, JARVIS?”
“I’m an asshole,” Tony agrees, and Pepper smiles at him with all the resignation of someone who’s put up with his bullshite for way too long. “Does Rhodey need to be read in? Maria?”
"You're gonna regret that later," he says, and is rewarded with a flash of something vulnerable in Tony's eyes before it disappears behind a mask of vehemence. "I won't say you didn't mean it, but you'll regret it. When that happens, come find me, and we can spar it out."
Tony does his wrists, first.
Steve’s entire body stiffens in Tony’s arms, his brow furrowing. Tony can feel the way his breath stutters in his chest under his fingertips. “What?”
“I meant to contain the mess,” Tony says dryly, and Steve fixes him with a look, eyes half-lidded and provocative.
If Steve hadn’t done what he’d done that day, he would have probably been blindsided by the vulnerability in Tony’s voice when he asked the question. As it was, it just made his heart hurt even more than it already was.
"When was the last time you slept?" Steve asks him, and Tony frowns.
and Tony shivers all over.
“I’m a centenarian,” Steve protested, but he let himself be led, grinning like a dope.
“Oh, really? Didn’t know that was possible.”
“You’re the best, Bethie.”
“I knew you wouldn’t do something that cruel,” Steve explains. “I know you care about me, Tony. You wouldn’t have kissed me unless you meant it.”
Steve stills, then. His expression shifts through several motions, although Tony doesn’t quite know what to do with any of them. “Do you…not want me there?”
Bruce is waiting in the wings. They’d decided that the Hulk was too much for this, especially after Natasha had been forced to run from the Hulk once. They didn’t want to traumatise her, just offer a small spot of cognitive recalibration.
He’d googled celebrity coming-outs—
"Can you argue with results?"
It’ll be easier, without Bruce and Steve around. Tony’s gotten sloppy, letting his guard down because he’s got the world’s two best guard dogs in the world lounging about while he holes himself up and works himself to the bone.
“Brunch?” Tony asks, and Steve’s chest collapses, all the air rushing out of him at once. “Or not. Breathe, Rogers, Jesus.”
“What are you grinning about?” Tony asks, and Steve looks up to where he’s leaning against the doorjamb. He’s got a toothbrush in one hand as he considers Steve, his eyes creased ever so slightly with mirth.
“I came second.”
“Happens that I was invited to Jarvis’ place for a good Christmas Eve dinner, too!” Rogers crowed, as if Tony hadn’t spoken. His voice dipped a little, low enough that they couldn’t be heard over the whistling of the winter wind. The streets were mostly empty, houses lit from within as they traversed the snowy streets, but it was never a bad idea to be careful. “I’m a little hurt, I must say. Do you really think I’d leave you in jail on Christmas Eve? I should like to think you know me better than to think me so cruel.”
Steve smiles and ducks his head a little bashfully, feeling like a chastised schoolboy. It’s not inappropriate in these circumstances. “I understand what you’re saying, really,” he says, glancing up at Xavier nervously. “But if it’s all the same to you, Professor, I’d like for you to do whatever you need to do to make sure Amora doesn’t still have a hold on me. We can do it your way from there, but that’s really why I’m here.”
“What the hell?” Tony asks.
“Did you mess up?” Xavier asks. His voice is genuinely curious. “Someone you cared about was in danger, and you prioritised him over others. Does that make you a bad person?”
Tony thinks of Pepper, of the comfortable way they fit together now. “I think so,” he says, considering. He drizzles more syrup on top of the apple layers. “Almost full up.”
“He’s…out, right now. He’s taking care of an issue I had with the U.N. taskforce.” Tony laughs hollowly. “I sent him on a mission.”
“I’d like to hear the story, sometime,” Rogers said, the first thing since they’d touched, and Tony took a shuddering breath and closed his eyes under the onslaught of Rogers’ tender attentions.
“What? What are you jokers gonna do, try to shoot them? You don’t even know where they went. Just sit back and let the Avengers handle this. You’ve got fifty odd supervillains traipsing around, doing god knows what. Focus on rounding up the ones you can handle, and we’ll take care of the rest.”
Tony was on him in an instant, burying his face into Steve’s hair and speaking his name, over and over again. He sounded wrecked, and Steve brought shaking hands up to curl around his shoulders, to hold the wings of his scapulae in his hands and feel his breath. He felt like he was shaking apart in Steve’s hands.
Tony was a doting alpha, but he was also a predictable workaholic. Once it had become clear that Steve was mostly stable again, he’d slipped into damage-control mode. Steve didn’t know how he felt about Tony fretting over him when he was the one who’d been kidnapped and tortured, but he also knew that it would soothe Tony as an alpha to be able to take care of his omega. He found himself lying in Tony’s lap on the couch while he poked at a tablet for five hours, answering emails and putting out fires that the SI engineers and coders hadn’t been able to handle on their own. Sometime in the middle he got up and made them a meal, if only to make sure that Tony ate something. He never ate enough, and he’d lost so much weight while he was taken. Just looking at the bruises on him made Steve want to march down to the SHIELD holding cells and start taking heads off with his shield.
“Right,” Tony says. “J, tell Daddy you got excellent readings on that.”
“I have to ask a favour of you all,” Steve told the team, when nearly two weeks had passed. “And I can’t tell you why.”
The worst, Steve knew from experience, were the moments where he just…forgot.
Loki shifts like a tectonic plate; slow, at first, causing earthquakes and havoc, until eventually he clicks into a new place. He goes from menacing to tricks, poking holes in their defences when they can't admit they're bored and something needs shoring up, like some deranged magical white hat.
Xavier smiles. “That’s very normal, Captain.”
“Looks like there’s nobody home, so-”
“Cap,” Tony breathes against his temple, “you have the worst fucking timing, you know that?”
“You’re a jerk,” Riri said, but she sounded kind of impressed.
“No,” Bruce says, sipping his tea, “you won’t.”
“Oh.”
“You’re mad because you don’t like people protecting you.”
Natasha tipped her head to the side, acknowledgement and considering both at once. “Because you were exposed to us without your consent. It only seemed right, to tip the balance back in the correct direction.”
“Are you going to tell him?”
“And yet, your opinions often tend to be those of your party, don’t they, Senator?” Hill replies evenly. Durbin glances across the table at Cochran, then back at Hill.
Bucky falls. And falls. And falls. And falls. Sometimes Tony falls, too, over skyscrapers, into pavement. He is always too slow to catch them both.
It seems that there are only two places he can be: with his body, or with Tony. He isn’t sure if that’s because Tony had been the one holding him when he died or if it’s because he’s loathe to leave the man alone, as miserable as he looks, but the long and short of it is he’s stuck here. Better than looking at his own lifeless body, locked up in the bowels of SHIELD, at any rate.
"Tony!"
Tony raises a hand, rocking it back and forth in demonstration. “He’s given me his magical Asgardian oath that he isn’t intending to harm any of my people, or plotting our demise. He also promised not to use anything he knows about the Ten Rings and my PTSD against me while we’re allied, but hasn’t sworn to being my ally yet. It gives him a lot of wiggle room, but it’s better than nothing.” He licks his lips. “I fucked him without my cuffs. JARVIS was on alert the whole time, but. I spent most of yesterday with him without fearing for my life, unprotected. And Cap’s probably classifiable as compromised, too.”
“I know,” he says, smiling gently. There’s a wistfulness to it, like he knows something Steve doesn’t. Eventually, they both turn back to the display.
It is the least Tony Stark sentence Steve has ever heard him say in his life.
"What? They were getting away!"
“I’m not,” he promises. He wipes at his eyes with his thumb, then reaches out to touch Steve’s hand. Steve sucks in a breath, then immediately turns his wrist over. He clutches Tony’s hand like he’s going to fly away. “I know I’m- I mean, I know this isn’t what you wanted. But you’re actually the real fucking deal, aren’t you?”
Tony sighs. He closes out of the various windows on the monitor. “You’re a cruel woman,” he tells her.
“Don’t you say it,” Tony tells him, but it’s more plea than command.
“Baby, look at me.”
The first thing he notices is an enormous square canvas filled entirely edge to edge with prints of his shield gripped in his hand, each varying in its own garish colour. Another piece of equal size sits next to it, with his face in the mask printed large and monochrome. Colour fields of neon blues, reds, and a sickly yellow have been layered over the portrait, and Steve walks towards them as if in a trance.
“So, no.” Bruce hands him his cup. “This is going to get messy.”
“Dork,” Tony mutters. He holds it carefully between his fingers and takes it to the pegboard on the wall, then pauses, the pin about to puncture the paper. “J, how fast can we frame this?”
“Sleep,” Rogers said, settling down behind Tony. His grip loosened a little, but that was alright. Tony wasn’t planning on going anywhere.
“Time to do some work,” he decides.
Tony shook his head, blinking rapidly, and Steve grinned at him. “Okay, Shellhead,” he said, and now that he was smiling he couldn’t stop. The smile that Tony offered him in return was wobbly, but filled with a hesitant wonder that made Steve feel like he was going to split open, sunlight spilling out of his chest. “You’re my partner. I don’t trust anyone else to have my back, on and off the field. The idea of the world not knowing that for one second longer, of anyone looking at us and not knowing that we belong to each other, well.” Steve licked his lips, then laughed at himself. “I lied to you, Tony. It was bothering me something terrible thinking about you going on a date with somebody else. I kept picturing some computer genius, who could understand when you went on about the issues you’d been having with the inner wiring of your elbow joint, who could ask all the right questions. I didn’t think I was jealous, but I was wrong. I don’t want to share you anymore.”
“So, first off,” Tony said, voice amplified over the speaker system, “sorry about the heteronormativity. Gentleman, you all know I’m more than happy to entertain you as well.”
“Do you want to bring Steve in on this?” Pepper asks, voice neutral, and Tony chances a glance at her. Her face is unreadable, which mostly means Tony should be worried. Still, Tony takes the time to consider the offer.
It’s the perfect time for Steve to strike.
“Yeah?” Steve asks. He’s being soft with Tony, gentle.
“You wanted to eat me out,” Tony says, and Steve swallows, colouring a little. Tony doesn’t understand how the man can be so damn brazen and still blush when Tony phrases things a certain way, but it’s one of the things he loves about him. “But I was really enjoying the idea of you holding me down while I was squirming, of you licking into me until I’m begging for you to fuck me. So maybe I’ll wait on that.”
“I need your promise that this project will not blow up,” Joyce says immediately, because Tony has a reputation, and it is well-earned. “In writing.”
“I know!” Tony snaps, then stops abruptly when he catches a look at the expression on Rhodey’s face. “Look, nobody has seen or heard from Cap since yesterday. When Amora showed up at the tower, she seemed…fixated. On him, and me, but she knows she can’t have me. The point is, I think something big is about to go down and I need you with me, okay?”
What they can observe is, in a word, sobering.
“Oh, God,” he says, suddenly, and he doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to hear this. Surely, surely he can be spared this-
Clint just cackled. “For your sins,” he warbled, and Steve sighed.
If he wakes up alone at four in the morning, the room still smelling of sweat and sex and winter forests, then it’s nothing but a relief. It offers solid ground, concrete proof of a norm that seems to keep shattering around him. He rolls over, ignores his growling stomach, and tries to go back to sleep.
“Next time, see if we can just unleash Hulk on them, kill two birds with one stone,” he tells JARVIS absently, fighting a little with the seam for one of the suit’s more important chest plates. “Tell Thor we’re presently stocked up on burgers and pineapples, and start a fresh pot o’ joe for him, yeah J?”
Steve politely averts his eyes. He follows them into the workshop bathroom, if only because the idea of being snapped against Tony while he’s wet and naked in the shower is. Well. It wouldn’t be right, is all.
Steve’s been dead before.
Steve considered the proposal. The idea of seeing Tony and not being able to touch him hurt, more than he’d thought was possible from psychosomatic pain. It felt like his chest was caving in. But the idea of waiting to see Tony until his hormones had stabilised was unthinkable. Even feeling around the edges of the idea made him so dizzy his vision began to blur, and he had to pause and take a deep breath lest he throw up the little bit of rice and chicken he’d managed to keep down.
“It was actually World War II that changed the conception of masculinity into the terrifying, strict thing it became in the 50’s. Even homosexual contact was actually more widely accepted in some ways, although of course it was a behaviour and not an identity. Men-who-have-sex-with-men, not homosexual. There’s some really great books about queer history you should check out, both in New York and in Germany.
“It’s just biological compatibility!” Tony snarls. He gets up and begins to pace the circumference of the lab again, executing a sharp turn when he hits a corner. “He hates me.”
, congratulating himself when Steve steps back a little. “You’re nothing but a burnt out shell, lashing out at anyone who gets close to you. It’s no wonder Loki’s taken a shine to you. You’re both feral animals, biting at the hand that feeds.”
R U N Y O U R P R O G R A M, Steve taps into his ribs as he pulls Tony’s earlobe into his mouth. He bites down gently on the plush skin, and it makes Tony shudder under his hands.
“Excellent. Steve, I am going to inject something into your bloodstream once you’ve thawed enough,” Hank explains, making his way towards Steve’s body. “It should counteract and/or kill any intangible nanites or biologic agents that are supressing the serum. Your body will take care of the rest, which will eventually sever your neural link to Tony. The serum has gifted you with some beautifully aggressive macrophages, so I expect your bloodwork will be clean within about two weeks. As for your psyche, your consciousness has been floating around in the aether like a virus, so I’m not sure what’s going to happen to you after your body recovers. There is a question of memory retention.”
“I do,” he says truthfully. “Thank you so much, father.”
"I'm with Tony. You know that."
“I’m sure that was his intention,” Natasha murmurs, exchanging a speaking glance with Tony. “So what does he want?”
“Sir?”
“Not to my knowledge, sir.”
Tony nods. “Will you be alright down here?”
It was a bit of a crush, but this was the one case where his celebrity helped. If he walked with authority, people assumed that there was a reason he was headed somewhere, and generally the crowd parted for him. A few younger SI employees took photos as he went by, and while usually he would be happy to shake hands and pose for selfies, Bruce was right. He wanted to see who got to take Tony out on a date this year. He’d feel a lot better if it was some old guy in a sweater, or a gawky intern that was mostly elbows. Steve rarely got that lucky, but a man could hope.
“Yeah, did you have a plan for that?” Steve asks, raising an eyebrow at him. Tony wets his lips, tapping his fingers against the reactor casing. It’s a terrible nervous habit, but he can’t help himself. It’s been a long couple of weeks.
Hello my lovelies! Usual warnings: mild xenophobia, amorality, panic attacks (?)
He takes the quickest shower he’s had since his army days and dithers in the closet for too long before going with a simple t-shirt and his leather jacket. He knows Tony likes the jacket, the way white cotton stretches over his chest when he moves. He checks his watch, then heads back upstairs. When he gets there, he can hear voices in the kitchen, and he moves slowly, measuring his steps to avoid making too much noise.
“I missed you,” he whispered, hands clenching helplessly in his lap against the urge to touch and take. He wanted to be good for Tony. He’d be good for him. “I missed you so much, I nearly went crazy with it.”
“I’m the Ghost in the Machine,” he says. “You were the only compatible system. It took a perfect storm of the serum, Ghost’s mutable biologic nanites, and the last dregs of Extremis to keep me alive all this time. Without you, Ghost would have won. He would have killed me, and no one would have ever known why or how. You saved my life, because we’re compatible. You and me. Connected, like we’ve always been.” He laughs a little, mostly at himself. “I don’t know. I think it’s kind of romantic, actually.”
Peter, in typical Peter fashion, crawls right over the kitchen island and back down the other side. He crouches by Tony’s splayed legs, his head swaying back and forth as he surveys the kitchen. Steve’s too exhausted to try the rubber band method right now, so he settles for trying ineffectually to rub a comforting hand over Tony’s shin.
Tony skated two fingers over his jaw, gentle, and Steve turned back to look down at him. “You okay?” he asked, and Steve was powerless against the soft look on his face. He leaned down and pressed adoring kisses to his eyes, his brow, his nose, and cheeks, until Tony giggled and squirmed away. The sound made him want to curl up in Tony’s lap and kiss him until he couldn’t breathe. “What’s gotten into you?”
“Boy is she still mad at me,” Tony mutters. He heaves a tired breath and pushes himself to his feet. “So some things went south. Bad calls were made. I fucked up. Undisputable. But now we’ve got a safety network for kids like Franklin. The ones who don’t have amazing, superpowered parents. We didn’t have that before.”
"Hey hot stuff, rockin' the wet t-shirt contest as usual I see." Steve carefully does not react. Dummy rolls by, clutching briefly at Steve’s shirt in greeting. Steve pats him in return as he passes. "How was the run? Save any old ladies from trees, help kittens cross the street..."
“Like you and Sue?” Tony says, a small smirk on his face.
“I can have it done by tomorrow, sir.”
“No,” Steve disagreed, shaking his head. “You never had to tell me. You didn’t lie. You’re an alpha. You are
Loki raises his eyebrows and laughs, dry and mocking. It cuts Tony like a seashell, warm sand soft under bare feet until suddenly, the flash of danger. He’s acutely aware of his fine Martin Greenfield suit, of the leather shoes and lack of metal to protect his vulnerable heart. The metal cuffs to call the armour are skin warm against his wrists.
He steps away from the table, noting Bruce following him but letting it slide in favour of walking towards the elevator. Bruce trails behind him in silence, but presses the button for the lab when they get in. He fiddles with his cuffs, making sure they’re rolled flat, then pushes a hand into his hair. Tony waits, used to Bruce’s habits by now; he’s always been a fidgeter.
“Tony’s gonna love her,” Steve muttered, laughing despite himself. “Where does he find these kids?”
The mission was a clusterfuck.
“You can’t avoid me forever.”
“Okay, Tony,” Steve says, and Tony smiles. He lets his eyes close, warm and sated in Steve’s arms. And if Steve murmurs things he tells himself he isn’t ready to hear a few minutes later, when he’s meant to be asleep, well. That’s just one more thing that they can not talk about in the morning.
“He spoke to me during the fight,” Tony says. “I made a call, and it paid off.”
Franklin frowns. A determined expression that is purely Sue Storm appears on his face. He takes a few steps forward, until they’re eye to eye, and reaches one little hand out.
“Hit me,” Tony says immediately. He turns off his soldering iron, sets it aside. Steve wanders over towards him and places a hand on his shoulder, wanting to be close in case the news is bad. He smiles when Tony leans back a little against his chest.
tell you, you’re everywhere, it’s…” Steve squirms, clenching his fingers in Tony’s hair, just shy of painful. “I want you inside me. Right now.”
“Is the stew ready?”
“-of a giant Pacific octopus is a metre long,” Tony finishes, and Steve’s mouth closes with an audible click. “I’m at least twice the size of one right now.”
She does not say if that’s what she’s done, but then again, Tony wasn’t expecting her to. Natasha would never claim innocence. She wouldn’t believe it’s something that could apply to someone like her. Instead, she looks him over, her green eyes assessing, and Tony obligingly retracts the faceplate. She glances over his face, then his chest, eyes lingering on the reactor. Her shoulders slump, ever so slightly.
“Hello? Hatter to the Dormouse: come in, Dormouse.”
They’d been sparring, Tony stubborn and grinning as they circled each other. This week Steve was teaching Tony how to escape a judo hold, and they’d spent most of the day with Steve pinning Tony to the mats, Tony red-faced and quietly joyful below him. Joy looked good on Tony, turned his olive skin golden and flushed. Steve loved their sparring sessions, partially because Tony was just fun to be around, but also because he knew that he was contributing to his alpha’s safety in some way.
“We should go in,” Tony says, and Steve’s mouth twists into a bittersweet smile. “I know.”
“And you didn’t tell me?” Pepper continues, and oh, she’s hurt. Tony sucks in a breath, folding his hands in his lap. “How long has this been going on? I thought you were doing this to avoid him!”
“Come find me, when you’re ready?” he asks, and fuck, is that a command? Tony nods at him, biting back a wince. “Alright.” He steps away from the elevator, shuffling his feet awkwardly. “Well, uh. I guess I’ll see you around.”
“Pepper is exploiting the friends I made during the float construction,” Tony explains, because he knows when he’s being handled.
Tony’s never seen Steve cry before. He’s watched all of his old film reels. He’s been living with him for months now. But he supposes he found Steve Rogers’ breaking point, finally. He should be proud. He’s broken Captain America, where so many others have failed.
“Ugh,” Tony says, and Steve frowns at him.
“Mm, nope.” Tony said. “Actually…” And then he was pushing Steve flat to the bedspread, spreading his thighs in a near split, spreading his cheeks with his thumbs.
Tony stands, leaning down to kiss Pepper on the cheek and moving towards the outdoor rigging. He’s found that giving the two of them time to speak a bit without his interference is always a good idea. Instead, he steps onto the balcony and waits, glancing towards the lower platform where Barton is prepping the jet. The April air is humid and warm, and he spreads his hands on the rail and breathes in.
“Dunno,” he says. “Am I?”
“You have me.”
“You’re here, now,” Steve murmurs, soft as silk in his ear, and Tony huffs. “I’m not asking for anything else, Tony. Just.
Evan blinks at him. “Uh. That the big green fella?”
“Why didn’t you call me?”
Cap blinks at him, turning his face into Tony’s hand, and Tony takes this as a sign to begin unbuckling him. He starts at the bottom, undoing Steve’s ankles and knees before releasing his wrist. He walks around the table to do the other, back to the suit. The requested legionnaire has joined them, weapons trained on Amora. Cap’s fingers dig into his shirt as he undoes the last chest buckle.
“I think,” Tony says slowly, biting back a guttural sound when Steve turns to press a kiss to Tony’s palm, “that maybe you should go on your run.”
Tony grins, and grinds his hips forward, rocking into Steve until he’s groaning loud, his whole body one long line of gasping pleasure. Tony fits his fingers over Steve’s obliques, his abdominal muscles, the pebbled skin of his nipples. Every inch of him is gorgeous, and he’s Tony’s, now. Or maybe he’s always been.
“I understood that reference.”
“Oh my god,” he says. He stumbles back, his hand reaching to put his glass down and nearly missing the bar. He takes another step back, and then another. “JARVIS, I don’t- Jim Ellison, A33-E43-S53.”
“Oh fuck yes,” he keened, hips tilting back eagerly at the feel of Tony’s mouth. “Alpha,
“I didn’t think the Intrepid was going to fit all these people,” Bruce admitted, glaring out at the crowd.
. You cannot just rush in and refuse this. You cannot fight it. This is the world, every government, foreign and abroad. I have been fighting this my way, and I have kept us safe for years, but I can’t stop this one, Steve. We can either get inside and drive, or be run over, but we cannot stop it coming.”
There was a moment, when Tony stood in the open doorway of the heat room, where Steve wanted to drag him back. He wanted to tie him up, never let him leave, keep him where no one could ever hurt him again. But Tony would never be happy like that, and eventually Steve took a deep breath, letting it out, letting Tony walk over to the closet and pull on some boxers, a pair of worn blue jeans, a Henley under a Soundgarden shirt.
“You don’t remember,” Tony says, as though this is unsurprising. When he turns to Steve his eyes are sharp, dangerous, and Steve knows now that they’re treading on dangerous ground. “Of course you don’t remember.”
“Not yet.”
, his ma used to say. He feels cold, and he clutches tighter at Tony’s shaking body. Tony fists his hands in the back of Steve’s shirt, and for a few quaking breaths they just hold each other. Steve presses his temple to Tony’s, concentrating on slowing his breathing, on having Tony match him until they’re both a little steadier. He tilts his head to press another kiss to Tony’s brow.
“And where do you think you get off,
“Tony!” Pepper snaps, and Tony lets out a rough breath.
Steve can’t bring himself to say anything in return. This whole thing feels very surreal, and the idea of touching Tony’s skin when he’s this keyed up seems…dangerous. It seems like a bad, completely inadvisable idea.
Steve hums, walking back towards the kitchen. He washes out his bowl in the sink and recycles the empty takeout containers, then roots around in the fridge for something suitable. Eventually, he settles for making Tony a turkey sandwich and a cup of black coffee. He cuts the loaf of good sourdough with Tony’s fancy breadknife, sharp, crumbling cheddar, a ripe heirloom tomato, a few leaves of lettuce. He eats the rest of the tomato raw as he adds some mustard. All good quality, of course, as befitting the Stark household. He tucks a box of Savannah Smiles under his arm, then heads for the elevator.
Steve catches a ball and tosses it to a Japanese teenager in fishnets and cut-offs, bangs swaying heavy over her face. She waves a hand, then nudges the tall, lanky brunet boy next to her with her elbow, muttering something to him under her breath that makes him glance in Steve’s direction. Steve flashes a smile at them, and they duck away.
. Steve’s vision whited out, his back arching as he came apart. He felt like he’d been electrocuted, every muscle in its body realigning itself to where it had been meant to be. His skin was on fire. The feel of Tony’s teeth in his bondmark was everything he’d been wanting for weeks, and when Tony’s tongue and teeth slid over him he came, his orgasm hitting him so suddenly that he stopped breathing entirely, his whole body tight with the shock. There was nothing but Tony’s hands, his mouth, his scent and his skin and his voice careening through Steve’s blood like a song.
“Right now, we do,” she said, and her voice brooked no argument. “Talk later, do now.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, face softening as he remembers how handsome Tony had looked that morning, his hair in ridiculous spikes and curls, eyes half-lidded and glittering. “I’m…really happy.” He clears his throat, shaking his head a little to come back to himself. “Things were pretty rough there, for a bit. We’d been fighting. But I think we’re in a good place, right now. Or, I hope we are.”
Tony squeezes his eyes shut. Panic is bubbling up from behind the arc reactor like a volcanic eruption, thick as sludge in his throat. He needs to get out of here. Now.
It was a testament to Rogers’ influence that Cage and Miss Jones were even out here. Ostensibly they were just working together, but Tony knew that in much of the country, a black man and an unmarried white Calamity Jane alone in a mining shack in the winter was cause for a lynching. He’d heard rumours, too, that Cage and Miss Jones were more than friends, but they were good workers, willing to take most any menial job if it meant payment. Mining was hard, not always profitable. They had to get by somehow, and having an extra pair of hands around had done a lot to help the town a time or two. That, Rogers’ ban on lynchings, Cage and Miss Jones’ almost inhuman strength, and the threat of the sheriff’s quickfire shot had kept them safe enough. Tony considered pointing that out, telling them to come with him, but he knew that was a fool’s errand. The pair only had one horse.
Tony shrugged, pulling the pot off the stove. He served up two bowls and returned to his spot beside Rogers’ bedside. Rogers’ hands shook when he reached for the spoon, fumbling, and Tony sighed and pushed his hands away.
“I fucking hate magic,” Tony grumbles, and is rewarded with an emphatic nod from Bruce. “Something tells me that isn’t all. We’ve already seen what Barnes can do.”
“Pay attention,” Tony tuts, and Steve groans, struggling against his grip. He’s not trying with all his strength. Tony doesn’t think he’s actually stronger than him like this. But he’s strong enough for the illusion of Steve being trapped, and so he watches him squirm for a few moments, revelling in the rare pleasure of his indignity.
Tony stands up. “I don’t have to listen to this.”
Eventually, warm and exhausted, he slips into sleep.
“Of course,” he hisses, and flips himself over and sits up. Loki is standing over him, hands ablaze with golden light. His eyes are lit bright and glittering green, entire body triumphant.
Something almost like pride crossed over Rogers’ face, but it was there and gone quick enough. He pushed off the doorframe with a laughing sigh, coming around to push Tony’s hands away from the apron’s ties. His hands were warm and steady when they brushed against the base of Tony’s spine, callouses catching on Tony’s wrists as Rogers moved his hands out of the way. When he picked the knot apart, his knuckles slid against the damp fabric that had stuck to the dip in Tony’s spine like a second skin, and Tony bit his lip at the sweet frisson of heat that skittered over him to feel it.
"Morning," Steve says politely.
Tony swallows. “It’s a sex thing,” he explains. His voice is toneless, dead. “It’s…weird, and creepy, and not something I would have ever wanted to share with anybody.”
“If you say so,” Tony said, and Rogers cleared his throat, nodding a little.
“Quite,” Bruce says, and Tony closes his eyes and sucks in a slow breath.
Steve takes a second to get his bearings. He’s completely disoriented, his mind still in a state of deep lassitude after taking the time to thoroughly explore Tony’s body until he’d begged. God, the man was unreal.
Peggy dies, grey and beautiful and without knowing who he is, and Steve carries her coffin through wet London streets.
Tony laughs. He waves the image away. “Okay, break time’s over. Back to work.”
“No dying allowed,” Steve said, and Tony laughed.
“I love you, Steve.”
Tony laughs, but the sound gets stuck in his throat. It aches, deeply.
“Pillow,” he demanded, and Steve reached a hand out blindly to try to comply, but he was too slow for Tony. He was bent near in half as Tony reached up behind him with one hand, shoving a pillow under Steve’s hips to keep them up in the air. Tony’s other hand scrabbled at his belt, pushing his trousers and briefs down to his knees.
But he understands him, is the thing. Some days, it feels like he understands Loki better than he had ever understood Steve.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath through his nose, staggering back and falling against the side of the doorway as his brain goes through a hard reboot. He can’t see, the blood roaring in his ears as the years return to him in a flood, and then the world tilts sideways and he loses all sense of direction.
with Tony, I was able to use his phone and the tools in his wallet to link up to the old emergency alert system and send out a GPS location. And then we figured you’d be coming, and Tony said you couldn’t come bursting in here to save the day like some idiot and ruin everything. His words, not mine. He figured you’d attack when the guard rotation was weakest. So we timed it and hacked the air filtration systems and choked out almost every section of the building except for the holding cells. Underground bases are dumb. And then we took down the two guards that were in here with us, easy.”
“Barnes?” Tony mutters, sounding confused, and Steve waves a weak hand towards Tony, trying desperately to move, to do something.
Tony could fall in love with this man.
“Steve isn’t my alpha,” Tony snarls, and Bruce nods.
"Not a scratch."
Something in Bruce softens, then. His expression shifts. “You don’t know how to ask for what you want, because you expect to be denied the things you want the most.” He reaches out and brushes Tony’s hair back from his face. “You’re quite fragile, under all your bluster.”
“We can fix that later. He can challenge me in return when he’s better and I’ll step down.”
“That’s not...” Steve huffs, frustrated. He’s not explaining this right. He thinks of that moment on the balcony, where Tony put his wrists behind Steve’s ears and he felt like he could breathe for the first time he woke up from the ice. He thinks about Tony’s scent going sour and pained and not understanding what he’d done to cause it. “I try. And he tries too, I know he does. It’s just, no matter how hard we try we can’t get it right.”
His cell buzzes against his arm, and he clicks the button on his earphones to take the call.
you. You moved in with two ultra-liberal, anti-dynamic, intersex scientists, and we radicalised you! Howard would skin me alive if he could hear this, I can’t believe-”
“Jesus H Christ,” Tony whispered, taking hold and dragging Rogers out. He was in rough shape, pale and wan, but he was able to sit up with Tony’s help. Tony thanked the forge for his strength as he hefted the man up over his shoulders, wrangling his listing body up and over the saddle before mounting behind him, one arm firm around Rogers’ trim waist.
There’s a long silence. Steve watches Tony move through the foggy frosted glass, blurry enough that his movements are a mystery. It still makes him feel flushed, like he’s watching something he shouldn’t. Then again, he knows that every waking moment since his death has been something he shouldn’t be watching. Tony would never have wanted Steve to see him come apart like this. He knows Tony well enough to know that this exact set of circumstances would be his worst nightmare: to be brought low where Steve could see his self-termed failure.
