Cas is sitting on a chair beside the bed, his shoulders hunched and his arms resting on his knees. His tie is loose, and his coat is heaped on a table stacked with books. He rubs his forehead as Dean walks in.
"What if it was me?" Cas demands. A muscle starts ticcing in his jaw. "Would you allow a demon to possess my corpse just because you found it expedient?"
The bunker is quiet, mausoleum-still. He tosses his bag on the map table, heads right for the scotch.
"Cas," Dean says quietly. "I know you can't hear me, but I figured I should give this closure thing a shot." He looks around as he continues, "I think you'd like this place. You were always telling me how much you loved nature.
"Hey," Dean snaps. A tension headache is squeezing the base of his skull. "What happened to you shutting the fuck up?"
Sam says, "Okay," and shifts sideways, into Dean's line of sight. A chunk of charred wood rolls away from his foot. "You need some help?"
"Yeah, I -- yeah." Dean hides behind his beer for a second, feeling weirdly self-conscious. Family dinners aren't something he's ever really had, except for that year he spent with Lisa, so he can't really explain it, except that the bunker is too big for just him and Sam sometimes. Having everyone around had dulled the angry heat on his arm, and it had warmed something in Dean's chest to see Cas out of his coat and tie. "It's nice -- you know, when everyone's here." He finishes his beer, setting the bottle down a little too hard because his hand is shaking. "When you're here."
Behind them, Sam sighs like he's dying. Reluctantly, Dean pulls away from Cas long enough to toss Sam the Impala's keys.
Dean wakes once to Cas behind him again, his chest a solid warmth against Dean's back, and again to Cas half underneath him, his head on Cas' shoulder and his arm around Cas' waist. The third time, Cas is sitting up beside him; he has his face hidden in Cas' thigh and his hand curled around the back of Cas' knee. Cas is reading a book with one hand, stroking Dean's hair with the other.
Dean's last bite of sandwich is mostly crust. He pops it in his mouth and washes it down with the dregs of his coffee. Then: "I thought you said we were gonna write our own story."
Sam aims the phone again. Then he takes a step back. And another. Then one to the side. He fiddles with something on the phone's screen -- probably the flash -- then takes a step forward and gestures for Dean to move to his left.
"I was able to save him." Cas straightens and moves away from the couch. Behind him, Gadreel is laid out as stiff as a statue, his face too pale and his skin stretched too tightly over his jaw; the need to touch the First Blade is like a living thing Dean's gut, but underneath that he feels hollow and worthless, emptied of everything. "He may sleep for a day or two. His vessel will need the rest."
And now he's stuck with a ticking timebomb that looks like Cas, sometimes talks like Cas, keeps calling Cas his father, and Cas is gone, and all Dean has left is the ache in his chest.
And that—that's it. Dean slams his beer on the table and grabs a handful of Cas' shirt. "Don't you dare. Don't you fucking dare. Not—not after that stunt
Cas pauses before saying, "I failed you. When Naomi asked me to find Gabriel and convince him to return, I—"
It's a shitty place across from the co-op, all shiplap walls and bad lighting and sticky, smoke-stained tables. The crowd is thin, mostly guys with the dusty, tired look of drovers and hired hands. A flash of tan near the pool table catches Dean by the throat. He sucks in a breath, clenches both hands.
Dean loves it—the weight of him, the heat. He gasps, "Cas, fuck," and hitches up, ruts his dick against Cas' hip.
"Sorry." Sam hesitates, shifts his weight like he's deciding if he wants to come in. "I thought you'd be up."
Most of the time, they do these things together. Cas reads while Dean watches the Chief's lose, curling up on the couch barefoot so he has an excuse to nudge his cold toes underneath Dean's thigh, and Dean takes Sam's laptop up to the conservatory so he can watch The Walking Dead while Cas talks to his potted ficus. Their absolute favorite favorite thing to do on lazy, no-hunt Sundays is stay in bed; they've gotten so bad about it Sam stops being surprised when they don't show their faces until dinnertime.
Let's talk about Cas driving back to the bunker, after Sam calls to tell him that Dean is (sorta) alive, and he doesn't think about it, doesn't think about it and doesn't think about it, still shaky with grief, bone-deep and exhausting, different than the slow, sullen sadness he'd felt when Dean had told him he couldn't stay, a constant pain that slices between ribs like a knife, crawls up into the back of his throat. And when he finally sees Dean, upright and (not quite) breathing, blood smeared along the side of his jaw, he feels relieved and devastated at exactly the same time, his near-humanity making everything worse, his emotions amplified by the remainder of his grace until they are too big and too loud and too bright, itching underneath his skin, flickering in the corner of his eye.
The cemetery is quiet, except for the cicadas buzzing in the hedge beside the car; Dean can hear Sam shoveling dirt into the grave they opened, humming something low and tuneless under his breath. Dean wraps his arms around Cas, pulling him into a tight hug, one hand curling into the hair at the back of Cas' head. Cas lets his teeth catch the well of Dean's lower lip, then drags his mouth down the line of Dean's jaw, all stubble and heat, and he slides his hand over Dean's ribs, where Dean is stiff and sore from being thrown into a tree. The pain ebbs away with a burst of grace, chilly and bright, like ice water splashing against his side, just sudden enough to make Dean shiver and gasp against Cas' cheek.
"And here's the best part," Dean continues, grief and anger churning in his gut. "I was right. I said he was dangerous from the very beginning. But I let you and Sam tell me we could keep him good. I let
Charlie takes off the next morning -- "Just for a couple of days! I wanna see if any of my stuff survived Styne's goons!" -- but Dean's already in the habit. He likes having everyone around, and he doesn't want to go back to eating Hot Pockets alone in his bedroom with a lore book in his lap, at least not yet.
Dean jerks awake to his phone ringing. He's slumped on his bed, fully dressed and drooling into his pillow. His room is dark; Sam must have turned off the lights after he passed out.
"Cas," Dean mumbles. He's face-down on his bed, breathing four shots of whiskey into his pillow. "I didn't want you to go."
"Sorry," Cas says, in a quiet voice that makes Dean feel like an ass, but then his phone buzzes and Cas immediately perks up. "Is that Sam?"
fair. But that doesn't change anything." He touches Dean's shoulder, skims his fingertips down Dean's arm. "You—of all people—should understand that. You understand what it means to sacrifice."
"Dunno," Dean admits, shrugging. "But we always do. Sam'll be back tomorrow. He can help us crack the books."
He could do it. He could gather what's left of his power and use it to tear a hole in reality. To yank himself back to earth.
Dean sighs. "I liked this case better when we thought we had a motive." They'd figured it was jealousy at first, that maybe the witch had been in love with one half of the couple, or had been jilted by them, cheated on,
They come through Michael's portal alongside the river, near where Dean found Cas washing his hands their last time around. Purgatory smells the same—cold air, damp earth, rotten leaves. Dead twigs snap underneath Dean's boots. Déjà vu hits him like an uppercut to the jaw.
Cas gives him a narrow, dubious look before walking closer to the bed. He catches the light from the desk lamp again, flaring as orange and bright as a sunset. Dean can't decide if that'll make this easier or harder. Without thinking, he reaches up and touches Cas' hip.
He hisses, "Fuck," between his teeth and shakes out his arm. "That didn't feel better a second time."
"Oh. I suppose that does complicate things." After a long pause—long enough that Dean worries they got disconnected—she says, "There is a spell that should work. But it requires intent, and sacrifice. May I speak with Dean alone?"
"I won't deny I have a knack for landing in the soup. But, more often than not, you helped put me there. You, and your brother, and—" she gives Cas a quick leer "—Precious Moments over here."
He sighs instead, and mumbles, “Sorry,” into the phone, because Utah is the worst, easily his least favorite state. “Are you having any luck, at least?”
Sitting, Sam says, "The good news is, Cas was right about Caerus, so we at least know what we're dealing with. The bad news is, he's dead. The Men of Letters took him out in 1949."
When he opens them again, Sam's shadow is rising up behind him, a towering line that cuts across the ashes before stretching out toward the lake.
His hands are full; without really thinking about it, he shoves the paper hearts at Cas and says, "Happy Valentine's Day, dude."
Dean sucks in a couple of shaky breaths. Then: "He made a deal with it, that first time Jack died. His life for Jack's, but it wouldn't come for him 'til he—'til he was ready. We were sitting ducks in here. Billie was pounding on the door. So he—" Dean swallows again and scrubs his hand through his hair. "He cashed in to save me. The Empty showed up and took them both."
"Oh, gee, I don't know… maybe because he was a fucking angel? You heard what Chuck said. In every other universe, he pulled me outta Hell and walked away."
The heat in Dean's gut shifts, itching at something that crawls up the back of his neck, burns under his jaw. "Killing Metatron is your only shot at going home."
"Hello," he says, mostly to Sam. A three-day beard is shadowing his jaw. "I assume you're here about the omens?"
"Good boy," Rowena says. "I really believe this is the trick. But you should do it sooner rather than later. Strike while the Empty is still weak."
when cas comes out, he wraps his arms around dean's shoulders and presses his mouth to dean's throat.
"We might be able to narrow it down. There's a spell in the Book of the Damned that traces cosmic disturbances on earth."
The stuff inside is the same as the others -- a mix of herbs and bird bones, some fingernail clippings that probably belonged to one of the victims. The first two sets had used hair.
they find an open gas station south of albuquerque in los lunas. it ain't much to look at - just a rusty shed crouched on the side of the road. the impala still has two-thirds of a tank, but dean's learned not to take chances. he pays in cash; plastic doesn't fly anymore.
It takes a second for that to sink in — to really sink in — but when it does, the cold weight that has been in Dean’s gut for weeks starts to warm and ease away. “Then do it. Come back.”
Cas says, "Dean, don't," but it's too late. Dean gets slapped with a bone-deep chill so violent a wounded noise punches out of his throat. It feels like falling into a tub of ice water, like he's being frozen alive from the inside. He stumbles back, cracking his shoulder against the door frame.
"Maybe you didn't hear him," Dean cuts in. He's had so much to drink over the last week that his voice sounds like a rough patch of road. "A young lady is dead."
Dean sighs and rubs his hand over his face. The skin around his eyes feels like sandpaper. "So, what? We're just gonna chase his spidey-senses 'til we bump into it?"
"No change," Cas replies. His shoulder hitches slightly—almost a shrug. "I tried healing him again, several times. Whatever this is, it isn't human in origin."
An ad for the dating app pops up while Dean is playing Candy Crush. Not that Dean would ever admit to playing Candy Crush.
"Yeah. He—he, uh." Dean swallows hard—once, twice. His last shot is churning around in his gut. "Fuck."
It took him about four years to realize he was in love with Cas and about three more years to actually admit it. Another two months passed before he finally worked up the nerve to ask Cas out, and then it was another month before the monsters cut them a break long enough to make a reservation somewhere. All of that, and now Dean is hiding in the restroom like a fucking baby because that's easier than making conversation with a guy he already more or less lives with.
Cas shrugs. "Day to day reaping has never been Death's purview. Death keeps the books. Intervenes when endings get altered. Makes corrections when things fall out of balance."
Dean doesn't quite jump out of his skin, but it's close. He turns around as Cas is stepping out of the shadows in the doorway, and -- wow. Dean has seen him in his gray fed suit a hundred times, but he's wearing a slate-blue shirt tonight instead of his usual white, and his soft, grey and blue tie is a little loose, the knot slightly off center. His throat is all smooth skin and long lines, and Dean can't stop staring. He wants to touch, but that feels like it should be impossible. With the restroom's dull light humming behind him, Cas looks as otherworldly as he actually is, like all that stardust and intent is just right there, bright enough to burn Dean out if he gets too close.
that Dean feels it right between the ribs. "I always thought hunters lived in weird, smelly vans. But, hey—" He spreads his hands like a gameshow host. "You guys are the Winchesters, am I right?"
Huffing, Cas says, "You've always been good at making things more difficult than they need to be." Then he leans in and kisses him.
"I—" Dean ducks his head. "It just felt too big. I figured you'd fuck off back to Heaven some day. And I didn't—I wasn't sure you'd understand it."
"No," Cas admits irritably. "Locating these angels is proving difficult, likely because they do not want to be found, and — I’m not sure forcing them to return to heaven is still the best course."
It's a soft kiss, just their lips catching, brushing, catching again. Cas makes a low, quiet noise into it and strokes his hand through Dean's hair. Dean leans closer, wrapping his arm around Cas' waist.
and local news. A live car chase down in Laramie distracts him enough that he ends up spilling gravy down the front of his shirt. Cursing, he sets the food aside and digs through his bag. At the bottom, he finds the leather notebook. He's not sure why he brought it; he hasn't used it since that first night.
"She's gone," Dean continues, clenching his fists until his bruised knuckles sting. "They're all gone."
Dean shakes his head. "Hands off, remember? Besides, with the juice he's got now, he wouldn’t've left the job half done."
The car passes the house they've been watching without stopping or slowing, and Cas says, "Marriage," as he straightens and peers down the street after it. "He's the patron saint of marriage, which historically has had little to do with romance."
Their second fight becomes their third, and their third becomes their fourth, and their fourth becomes their fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth. Vampires, more vampires, werewolves, wraiths. A rougarou with maggots for a face; a goat-like thing with horns on its head and hooves on its feet.
He's on his third cup of coffee when Sam comes back from his run, red-faced and dripping sweat on a white t-shirt so old it's gray at the armpits and shapeless around the neck. Sam watches him for a second, still catching his breath, then asks, "What's all this?" and gets a bottle of water from the minifridge. "Research?"
Nine minutes. Cas doesn't really get bored, not like humans do, but he does get irritated sometimes, and Dean's been gone so long that he's starting to imagine the worst -- Cas drumming his fingers on the fancy tablecloth, frowning at the breadsticks the server brought over in a delicate, gold-wire basket, stabbing a cocktail straw into the twelve-dollar martini he ordered.
It feels like a razor cut, so thin and sharp that it doesn't really hurt until Dean starts poking at it, doesn't bleed until he looks at the empty spaces in the bunker, at all the places Cas carved out for himself over the years. A pile of books in the library; a jar of peanut butter in the kitchen, a coffee mug with a triangular chip in its handle, a ballpoint pen from a motor court in Cheyenne.
They've never really talked about it, even after all these years. Hearing it now feels like a punch to the gut.
"Is my responsibility," Cas cuts in. That muscle in his jaw is twitching again. "I promised Kelly that I would take care of him."
Cas says, "Crudely," without looking up. His collar is crooked, and his hair is curling behind his ears. "It won't stop anything very determined, but it will slow them down." Standing, he continues, "Ideally, one of us would stay behind and guard it, but—"
"Am I, Castiel? Don't forget, we've had this conversation before. I know what you hate. I know who you love."
They head out the next morning: north on US 281, northeast on I-80. Sam barely says five words between Lebanon and the Kansas-Nebraska line, spends most of the ride with his nose buried in a battered copy of
East on US 24, east on I-70, lunch on the outskirts of St. Louis. They find a boxcar job with an early-bird special; Dean fills up on coffee and onion rings before getting back on the road. East on I-64, south on I-165. They cross into Kentucky at dusk, Creedence on the radio and the last wash of sunlight glinting off the Ohio River.
It hadn't been their girl, just some chick walking her dog. Accordingly, Dean is staring down at another pair of dead bodies -- the second pair since they rolled into town and the third since this nonsense started.
Dean says, "Cas," again and sucks in a breath. "I don't know if you can hear me, but I—I guess I gotta try. I didn't—I didn't want—" His throat starts closing up; he squeezes his hands into fists as he waits for it to pass. "You're gone, and I—I don't know what I'm gonna do. I'm just—
Cas takes another step closer, He says, "Dean," and touches Dean's arm. "I rescued your ravaged soul from depths of Perdition. I healed you piece by piece. Chuck may have nudged us onto this path, but he has little bearing on what we feel right now."
"A transfusion," Cas says again, like it will somehow make more sense a second time. "I think giving him a dose of healthy grace will help his recover."
"The rose petals," Cas says, brushing his fingers through a few as he skirts around the edge of the bed. His tie is crooked, flipped around the wrong way. "White roses mean marriage."
Dean doesn't know where Sam gets the dusty old parchment with the instructions, doesn't know what he paid or traded or gave up. He disappears with Cas for a couple days -- the morning after Dean almost killed them both in a blood-soaked rage -- then comes back white-lipped and exhausted, has dark circles under his eyes, speaks like he's dragging his voice up from the bottom of a well. Cas looks anxious as he grinds celandine with henbane and bird bones, his movements jerky, his mouth pursed like he has something to say but can't find the words, doesn't know where to start.
He can sense them in a way - he can sense Dean, at least. when he first woke in that field, he was overcome by a deep thrum of longing. He walks. heat shimmers up ahead. the sun sets fire to the horizon.
Before he can find it, he hears footsteps in the hall and Sam's voice asking, "What's going on?" He has bedhead and a pillow crease on his cheek. "Are you—Cas? Is that you?"
"Sammy," Dean warns. He still has glass under his boots. Everything smells like scotch. "You oughta be resting."
"That depends." Dean tosses the pillow he's been punching and swings his legs over the side of the bed. "You done being a piece-of-shit martyr?"
"No." Dean brushes Cas wrist with two fingers; the chill that rocks through him makes him grit his teeth. "I can't—I'm not losing you again."
Night falls, and a slow wind pushes across the sand. Cas walks. Restless, his wings ache. The sun is rising again as he approaches Dalhart. He steals another car in the parking lot of a truck stop. He breathes in grease and dust as he twists the wires under the dash.
"Dean, come on. I heard you guys fighting the night he took off." Sam sits back down and takes a long swallow of coffee. Then: "Was it because of mom?"
Missouri and Jody are up in Omaha: east on US 36, north on US 81, east and northeast on I-80. Dean makes the trip in one shot, nursing a mud-thick cup of coffee he bought at the Midway Co-Op—the only gas station in Lebanon.
"They left you. All of them." Dean shifts in the doorway, too jittery to sit, too tired to stand. The rush that comes with using the First Blade always crests over him like a wave, leaves him drained and useless when it finally ebbs away.
Something walks by—something Lucifer feels rather than sees. Footsteps echoing in the stillness. Lucifer twists and writhes until he takes shape, until he can stand. The Empty throbs around him, an ebb and flow of pure absence. Nonexistence.
Dean's hungover, still has a demon-bruise on his ribs. But Sam is up and dressed, so he nods and asks, "What've you got?"
Dean drops the scotch bottle and whips his angel blade out of his pocket. "You know what? I've changed my mind." He walks around the table, glass crunching under his boots. "
"I—" Dean lets himself touch Cas' cheek, Cas' jaw. "What'd'ya say we find this ugly fucking flower and get the hell out of here?"
The library's lights are low; Dean's nine hours into a bottle of Jim Beam. He pours himself another shot and grunts, "And?"
"You gotta do it," Dean whispers. The bodies in the warehouse are all vamps, but Dean had smiled as he sliced his way through them, had laughed at the screaming, at the blood running down his hands. "You gotta--"
Dean is silent for a moment; having it all out there is worse than an open wound. Finally, he says, "It's true."
Cas pulls Dean closer, shifting them onto their sides. He shoves at Dean's t-shirt and palms the arc of Dean's ribs. The headboard creaks; Dean hooks his leg over Cas' thigh and runs his hand down Cas' chest. His skin is warm, the little bit Dean can touch through the unbuttoned front of his shirt. He skims his hand down to Cas' waist, teases his fingers over the trail of dark hair under Cas' navel. Cas rolls them again; he pins Dean back against the pillows and makes a dark, desperate noise against Dean's mouth.
Dean looks at Cas—the curve of his mouth, the line of his jaw. "What do you say? You wanna kill some vampires?"
Cas' eyes widen slightly; they've never talked about it. They've just let the tension build and build until Dean can hardly be in the same room with Cas without wanting to touch him, wanting to kiss him, wanting—just
dean pulls cas in. he kisses cas' jaw and the corner of cas' mouth. they he murmurs, "c'mon," and leads cas back into town.
"Heaven is dire," Dumah says. Her hands flex at her sides. "There are just six of us now. Naomi only opened the gate so I could find you."
Sam spends the next two days in his room. When he finally surfaces, he's hollow-eyed, white around the mouth. He hasn't showered, doesn't want to eat.
they split up after the rift opened, when michael came through with an army and hellbent on ripping jack apart. he and sam headed for the gulf, either east texas or louisiana. mary took bobby and charlie to rufus' old place in whitefish.
Rowena hadn't lied; the Mark is an old curse, but it's just a curse, will come off if someone draws the right sigils, says the right words.
"It's cool," Dean says quickly. His face is starting to heat; he can feel it behind his ears, underneath his jaw. "You had to -- it's cool."
"It was easier." Cas looks over at Dean, then frowns at the floor, tugging at a loose thread on his awful sweater. "Hearing your voice, I -- it made me miss you too much."
Dean shouts, "Cas, you dumb sonofabitch," and pushes deeper into the trees. "Where the fuck are you?" His boot catches on a rock and he kicks it away with a snarl. "This better not be like last time. You better not've run off 'cuz you think I'm safer without you."
When they get back to the bunker, an unfamiliar car is parked just past the garage. A boat tail Riviera—dark blue, Tennessee plates.
Cas slurps the last of his soda, rattles the ice in the empty cup, slurps again, then turns to Dean and says, "Saint Valentine was beheaded."
"I know," Cas says. "Your brother told me. So did Jack. If it's any consolation, I wasn't okay when Michael took you away."
"I'm sorry," Dean says later, quietly, unable to look Cas in the eye. His hands clench into shaky fists at his sides, angel blood sticky between his fingers.
Dean's going to need a beer for this, he can already tell. He says, "Yeah, alright," then stands up and walks over to the mini-fridge. "What do we do about it? Cut it out of him?"
sweat beads on dean's forehead. the wind rustles the graveyard's only tree. a coyote runs down the road, its head down and a greasy paper bag in its mouth.
"Hastings has a farmer's market," he explains, setting two bell peppers on the counter. They're both a bright, healthy green and larger than Dean's fist, and Dean tries to picture it -- Cas wandering between the stalls, frowning at the different kinds of produce, poking things with his grace to see if they're ripe.
"Cas, uh—he never mentioned them having a heaven, or anything. I think they just turn back into moon rocks or pixie dust, or—I don't know. Whatever Chuck made 'em out of."
Dean groans and waves him off; if there's anything he cares about less than saints, it's fucking bees. "Don't start."
"Dean," Sam snaps. His voice ricochets around the cabin like a gunshot. "You don't mean that." When Dean doesn't say anything—can't say anything, can't say anything—Sam looks at Cas. "He doesn't mean that."
Cas is standing by the window, his head turned to the side. Dean thinks about kissing his jaw, touching the hair curling behind his ears. He thinks about not being able to do that anymore.
Cas has graveyard dirt on his hands and a long smear of blood on his face, and Dean crowds him back against the car, running his fingers over the scratch on his temple and the reddish bruise at the corner of his jaw.
The air shifts again, prickles hot and sharp between Dean's shoulder blades. Cas says, "We had a deal," like the words are being ripped out of his throat.
"I fucked it up," Dean says, his face hidden against the side of Cas' jaw. His sulfur-smell is stronger this close, but Cas breathes it in deeply, determined not to flinch. "I fucked it all up. I lied to Sammy, and I got Kevin killed, and I couldn't kill Metatron, and now -- now I'm -- "
"Dean." Cas catches Dean's wrist, sweeps his thumb across the frantic bump of Dean's pulse. "I know you think every fight is yours. You've fought for the whole world,  over and over again. But this—this isn't—"
"And after?" Dean asks, even though he's afraid of the answer. Cas has always been too big for him, too bright. And now—fuck. "You sure this is what you want?"
"Hey. I know that Cas," Sam hesitates before continuing, "meant a lot to you. But you're obviously carrying something pretty heavy."
That had been his first clue that the Amara in that witch's basement wasn't real. The qareen had looked at Dean too coldly, and its movements had been to stiff, but before he'd noticed that he'd heard its footsteps. He'd heard the plastic sheeting brush its shoulder. He'd heard a car drive by outside.
"Dean," Cas says, catching Dean's sleeve, pulling hard enough that Dean has to stop, has to look him in the eye. "Did you -- you didn't mean it." It's not a question.
The ashes stir again. Dean pictures them blowing away, scattering outside the house. Getting walked on, driven on, crushed into the gravel.
the day after that, wedged at the bottom of an old gas receipt. Dean is terrible with words, even when he doesn't need to say them aloud, so he draws more hearts on Cas' crossword puzzles, leaves scraps of paper covered in dirty stick figures in Cas' sock drawer. Then the newspaper prints an article that sounds like angel killings, and he blocks out the headline and replaces it with one word --
Cas isn't on the check-in rotation like the newbies, so Dean's surprised when he calls a few days after he and Jack head down to Florida.
When Cas walked out of the bunker that day—said, "I think it's time for me to move on," with a cold, dead look on his face—Dean had been angry, and he'd been hurt, but somewhere underneath that, he'd also been relieved. He'd always known Cas would get tired of his shit and leave. Then it finally happened, and Dean let out a breath he'd been holding for over a decade.
Dean blinks at him. They're nearly nose to nose—almost close enough for a kiss. He says, "Okay? Just like that?"
"No." Dean can't look at him. If he looks, he's going to fucking puke. "No. If you're really thinking about going back upstairs, then I—you're dead to me."
After a pause, Cas brings his other hand up to Dean's hip. "I choose to believe it's us. Right now, I'm also choosing to kiss you."
An hour after trekking down to the basement, Sam comes into the library with dust in his hair and a folder in his hand. He drops the latter on the table and asks, "Do you want the good, the bad, or the ugly?"
as they pass a flyspeck call socorro, cas squeezes dean's arm and tips his head to the west. dean veers onto us 60, follows it as it curves through an empty, windblasted chunk of desert.
"Asshole," Dean snorts, wincing as he sits up. He's kind of queasy, and his back and shoulders ache like he lost a fight, and Cas is watching him, his eyes too wide and too blue. "I'm gonna eat, and then we should -- I don't know, talk or something."
He heads back into the house and rifles through the kitchen cabinets until he finds an old coffee can. Its only rust spot hasn't chewed all the way through yet, and its plastic lid is brittle but still useable. There aren't any spoons in the drawer, just two forks, a whisk with bent loops, some misshapen mason jar rings, and a handful of dead bugs. He tears a page out of the dusty cookbook beside the stove and folds it until it's stiff enough to use as a spade.
dean watches him for a moment, then heads back outside. he leans against the impala's trunk and drinks another warm beer.
The bed creaks as Dean sits back against the headboard. He lobs his burger wrapper at the trashcan, grabs the remote and flips between the local news and a
Dean lasts another forty minutes, sitting slump-shouldered in one of the infirmary's wobbly folding chairs, his hands clenched in his lap, white-knuckled. His boot squeaks; he can't stop bouncing his knee. Jack looks too small for the bed. His face is paler than the sheets.
After a pause, Cas says, "Some. There are rules regarding how much I can intervene—rules Billie nearly bent to the breaking point. But I'll be there. And if you manage to wound him seriously enough, I can step in."
The lurch in Dean's gut has nothing to do with his hangover. He grunts, "I already told you what happened," and keeps his eyes on the road.
"Hey." Sam holds up one hand in surrender. "I know better than to ask questions. I just want to say, from experience, it's never going to be easy, but it does get easier."
Rowena waves him off without even looking over. She leans over Jack until her waterfall of hair brushes the sheet. She starts off just like Cas did the night before—touching his forehead and cheeks, opening his eyes, checking his teeth like she's buying a horse. Then she holds a hand over his chest, right above his heart. Dean doesn't hear or see anything, but the air in the room seems to hum and shift. Breathing stings the back of his throat. The inside of his mouth suddenly tastes bitter and sharp.
"Then stop," Dean blurts, and heat flushes across his face, but now that the words have started he can’t make himself stop. "Come back h — come back to the bunker. Sammy and I are heading there in the morning."
"He—he, uh." Dean stops again and clears his throat. "Right before it took him, he—he told me he loved me."
Sam sighs again. He turns the volume down to a buzz and says, "Sure. But you didn't give me the whole story."
"I said. It's been over a week, and I, I—" Sam heaves out a sigh. "I'm going to lose it if I just keep sitting here."
Dean can't think about that right now—Jack, Chuck, the way Billie has them all dancing to a tune only she knows how to sing. He looks at Cas, asks, "Miserable, huh?" with a knot squeezing the back of his throat. He's wondered these last few months—if Cas has had second thoughts now that Chuck wasn't scrambling their brains like eggs, if he just kept hanging around Dean and Sam out of habit. "You—"
Dean slows down enough to flip a U-turn and heads back toward the windmill. Once he's even with it, he pulls onto the soft shoulder, bumping over ruts and rocks and patches of wild scrub.
And—yeah. That stings a little. Enough that Dean just stares at him for a second. His voice dips as he asks, "You think that's what he'd want? You think Jack would want you to power yourself down just to power him back up?"
Dean says, "Dunno," and takes a swig of his beer. "I just—Sam said you went a few rounds with some demons while I was gone. Maybe one of 'em—" He trails off with a shrug.
Cas' bedroom is across the hall from Dean's and set up in the same way, just a bed and a night stand and a desk and a chest of drawers, and Dean hovers in the doorway as Cas starts to unpack, driven by curiosity and a stubborn desire to keep Cas close after missing him for months and months. Cas hums under his breath as he works, something upbeat and bright, the kind of song that gets played inside a Gas-n-Sip every hour on the hour. The box yields a couple of paperback books, a couple more magazines, a shaving kit, a squashed and dirty baseball cap, and a wind-up alarm clock; the bag yields some spare underwear and socks, two extra pairs of jeans, a small handful of shirts, and the ugliest sweater Dean has ever seen.
the radio's static across dial. dean puts a creedence tape in the stereo and rests his hand on cas' thigh.
Dean kisses him, smiling against his mouth because of the soft, pleased sound he makes. Because he wants to stay. Because --
"My duty?" Dean barks. His hand inches toward his jacket, the angel blade in his pocket. "My duty? You—"
Cattle mutilations and weather anomalies in Valentine, Nebraska. Dean tightens his grip on the gas nozzle, asks, "Demon omens?" through clenched teeth.
Apologies usually go better with gifts, so Dean hands Sam a beer before saying, "Listen, man," and sitting on the edge of the table. "Back at Mia's… I was outta line. I'm sorry for being a dick lately."
Dean shoulders past him and tosses his bag on the map table. Now that his adrenaline's crashing, he—fuck.
So Sam explains—Cas going to the Empty, Dean writing about him in Caerus' book, Cas coming back as cloudy as a ghost. It sounds ridiculous all laid out like that, but that's just par for the course in their lives.
"I'm looking for Claire Novak," Cas tells the dude at the nurses' station. He's tall and skinny and his red scrubs clash with his freckles and nearly-orange hair. "She was admitted late last night."
"Desecrated graves in—" Sam checks the tablet "—Douglas, Wyoming." When Dean just keeps chewing, he continues, "If you're not feeling it, I can text Eileen and have her meet me there. She just wrapped up a vamp nest in Pocatello, so she's in the neighborhood."
Dean's on his feet before he has a chance to second-guess it. And that's stupid, probably, but that doesn't stop him from hoofing it down the hall. Chuck is powerless now, and Michael and Lucifer are dead; there's no one left who'd want to screw with his head like this. He hip-checks the map table hard enough to leave a bruise. He takes the stairs two at time, then sucks in a breath and yanks open the door.
Dean had enjoyed listening to him, even if some of it had gone over his head. Usually, Cas had sat in the passenger seat like a stiff, all straight shoulders and back, but right then he'd been bright-eyed, smiling, waving his hands. Dean wishes now that he'd asked more questions, kept him talking longer.
The trenchcoat suits him. It's blacker than ink, just like his shirt and tie and slacks. His scythe is different than Billie's—a longer shaft, a deeper curve to the blade. The air around him seems to hum, a buzz Dean can feel underneath his ribs.
"She's in St. George," Eileen explains, shivering in the cold light of a Wyoming sunrise. "After that, maybe I'll head toward you."
The books end up being pretty useless. Everything on death is about humans or monsters. Everything on the afterlife is about Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory—the authors either didn't know about the Empty or didn't believe it exists. The Men of Letters' lore on angels is pretty thin; only one book mentions death at all, and it insists that angels who 'meet their demise' simply return to stardust.
A month ago, Dean would've been relieved that it was over. Now, he doesn't feel much of anything. He stares at the blood-splattered shipping container for a moment, then turns around and heads for the Impala, his shoulders hunched against the wind.
Dean's eating breakfast, and his phone is in his pocket. The call nearly goes to voicemail by the time he digs it out. He fumbles the screen unlocked with a greasy thumb and says, "Hey, Cas," around a mouthful of bacon. "How's Sarasota?"
"No," Dean mumbles, mostly to the side of Cas' neck. His skin is still sleep-warm, smells like their bed. "I was just -- um."
The bed creaks. Cas shifts closer, pushing in between Dean's legs; he brushes his hand over Dean's knee, runs it up the inside of Dean's thigh. Dean makes a noise in the back of his throat, soft and rough and once, and his fingers twist in the sheet, pulling it taut. He tips his head back on the pillow, his jaw working as he swallows, as he sucks in another breath.
Dean's room feels stuffy. It seems smaller than it was a couple hours ago. He strips off his flannel and tugs at the collar of his t-shirt.
Dean touches Cas' hip again. Another chill jolts through him, but he just closes his eyes. He grits his teeth and breathes hard through his nose.
"Cas," Dean says weakly, his eyes slowly regaining focus. Cain's bloodlust seems to roll over him like a wave, ebbing into a hollow sort of exhaustion; his hands shake as he offers Cas his knife.
Admitting it—even on paper—makes him feel hollow and sick. He takes a few deep breaths, then rubs his stinging eyes and tosses the notebook on the bed.
—he'd rebelled. He'd stuck around. He'd grown into a friend, and then a brother, and then something else, something more—something Dean had always been to afraid of even thinking about too long.
In Oberlin, Jack tells Dean to head north. In McCook, he points Dean west again. US 83, US 34, US 6 until it becomes Highway 14.
Valentine is seven hours on the road, three hours questioning idiot ranchers, and one hour hashing out jurisdictional shit with the Cherry County Sheriff's Office. After, they grab a motel on the ass-end of Highway 20 and head for the nearest bar.
Cas mutters, "I assumed you'd say that," like he thinks Dean's being unreasonable. Like Dean doesn't still have nightmares about this place, or about Cas' coat floating to the banks of a different river, about light flaring in Dean's face as Lucifer stabbed Cas in the chest.
. He'd been terrified when she kissed him. A slow chill had crawled over his skin. He doesn't want to touch her. He just wants her to fill the empty space she's carved for herself in his chest. He just wants to hear the quiet.
Dean checks on Jack in the rearview mirror. He's moved deeper into the field, is standing beside a cartoonish-looking scarecrow, his shoulders hunched, his collar flipped up against the wind.
At sunset, Sam catches the kid's sleeve and herds him toward the house. He pauses on the stairs and asks, "Dean?"
"Enough stalling," the Empty snips. Everything around it crackles with displeasure. "Come along before I change my mind about your pet nephilim."
"Asshole," Sam mutters. A faint flush starts crawling up his jaw. "What time do you want to do this?"
"It's... possible." Cas stands and tosses the book on one of the empty beds. "I suppose it won't hurt to try."
It doesn't take long. Dean's nerves are frayed, and they're touching each other too hard, too fast. But for a few minutes, Jack isn't sick. Heaven isn't Heaven. There isn't anything but the two of them—anything but Dean thrusting into Cas' hand, the lights flickering as Cas comes.
"I love you," Cas says again, soft. He kisses the curve of Dean's cheek and the edge of Dean's jaw, his fingers curling into the sleeve of Dean's shirt. The First Blade is still a sour itch under Dean's skin, but Cas -- Cas. He smells like human sweat and angel blood, and when he leans in again Dean presses their mouths together, pushes his hand into Cas' hair.
He shrugs off his jacket, then walks around to the front of the car and leans his ass against the center of the hood. He crosses he feet at the ankles, but he can't figure out what to do with his hands. Bracing them back on the hood makes him feel like a swimsuit model; crossing his arms makes his flannel bunch up under his armpits.
He can't, really; it's just too weird. Instead, he digs through the rest of Cas' haul, finding carrots and onions and celery and cucumbers. The last two are more Sam's department, but the rest of it will make a decent pot of chili, with some tomato paste thinned with beer. There are a couple of cans of beans in the pantry, and he can use up the leftover ground beef in the fridge.
. Dean still has nightmares about the night Jack was born—about Cas slumping to the ground, about the angel blade in his chest, about his wings charring the sand around Lucifer's feet. "You—you could—"
Another week goes by before Dean thinks about it again. They're coming in from a job in Lubbock—what they thought was a haunting but turned out to be a cursed pocket watch that made people hallucinate their dead loved ones. Dean had mixed feelings about saddling up again, but this thing had already racked up two accidents and a suicide and Jody and the girls were busy working other gigs.
"I'm her father," Cas says, pulling out his wallet. He sets Jimmy Novak's drivers license on the counter; Freckles frowns at it for a second, then points and Dean and Sam.
The next morning, Dean wakes up tired and achy from two days of hunting and driving. Still, he makes himself get up and put on something besides a dead-guy robe. He shuffles into the kitchen, then starts a pot of coffee and waits for it to brew. When its finished, he pours it into a table carafe he snagged from a haunted IHOP in Brainerd and heads into the library.
Cas makes a noise in his throat, and the lights in the bathroom shatter. The look on his face is such a horrible mix of anguish and hope that Dean feels it in his gut.
Cas' tone sharpens it into a knife. Dean mumbles, "I can't," with tears stinging his eyes. "It's not right, Cas. You know—it—it's not—"
think about it. Not really. Not until a couple days later, when he walks into the library and finds Sam at his favorite table, hunched over a blue Moleskine. He's scribbling furiously, using the kind of fancy pen that looks like a Rolex and sounds like birds pecking at the paper.
"You're on the couch, sport. Alright? So… why don't you go over there. Sit down, and—" Dean snorts. "Read a book." He lobs the motel Bible in Jack's general direction, doesn't watch to see if he picks it up. "We're outta here in a few hours."
North Cove is 1700 miles from Lebanon; that's a three-day haul now that Dean's pushing forty, maybe three-and-a-half.
Guilt squeezes Dean's chest like a hand crushing everything behind his ribs. He thinks about their fight, and about the horrible shit he said while Chuck was using them to play toy soldiers. About finding Cas in Purgatory just minutes before the portal closed. About breathing easily for the first time in weeks.
"It's not like I took it out of a curse box! It was just sitting on the shelf, and I—" Dean shrugs. It was careless, and he knows it, but now that Cas is standing next to him again, he isn't going to sit around regretting it. "I wasn't thinking, alright?"
Dean says, "I do," with his heart in his throat and closes the distance between them. "Welcome home, pal."
A breeze picks up as they're loading the car—light, but enough to stir Cas' ashes around. There are protocols for cleaning up a pyre: picking out any teeth or bone, turning the ground over until the burn scar disappears, covering the area with new dirt. Dean tried to do it earlier, but he couldn't bring himself to shovel Cas away, figured he deserved to rest out in the open, under the sky.
They take the stairs single-file—Cas in front, Dean right behind. Cas' feet hover a good inch off the floor. He nearly disappears in the war room, speckling yellow and white as the flare from the emergency lights fractures through him and casts shadows on the walls. In the library, he lingers in the doorway like he isn't sure what to do.
Dean mumbles, "Yeah," around the lump burning in his throat. His fists are clenched so tightly his fingernails are digging into his palms. "Yeah, I guess he does."
"Nice digs," Belphegor says, dragging a hand down the banister. "I mean, it's not Hell or anything, but—" He glances around the war room and whistles through his teeth. "Wow."
Belphegor just follows him into the library. He says, "Not that I know anything about living spaces. When I was human, we'd just figured out how to use caves as shelter."
Dean makes another noise, throaty and low, a moan that digs at something hidden underneath Cas' skin, and Cas sucks him harder and faster, wanting to hear it again and again and again. He curls his tongue over the head, teases it over the slit, hollowing his cheeks as he ducks back down, as Dean's dick nudges the back of his throat. He slides his hands up to Dean's belly, his fingers splayed wide, his thumbs touching just below Dean's navel. The angle is awkward, but if he drops his shoulders a little he can just look up Dean's body, see the uneven rise and fall of his chest, the long line of his throat, the way he is watching Cas through half-closed eyes.
Dean isn't paying attention when he doodles a heart on the stuffy translation Cas is working on; he's tired and hungry and Sam is complaining about badly-kept cemetery records, and he just wants something to do with his hands. But the next day he finds a bar napkin in his pocket,
Once they figured out what they were dealing with, they grabbed it, bundled it up in layers of shop rags and newspaper, and stowed it in the Impala's trunk. Then they lead-footed it the nine hours back to Lebanon with the ghost of their mom in the backseat. She was less substantial than the apparitions witnesses described, nearly transparent in the sunlight streaming through the Impala's windows, but it was enough. Each flickering glimpse of her in the rearview mirror had been a knife-twist to the gut.
They grab pizzas the first night and get a ridiculous amount of Chinese the second, but by the third Dean's credit card is starting to feel the strain. Instead of ordering out again, Dean throws together a chicken enchilada casserole with a recipe he tore out of a home and garden magazine months ago and the stuff he already has in the fridge. He shreds chicken and layers not-quite-stale tortillas into a pan, and when Charlie wanders into the kitchen for another beer, he nags her into grating some cheese so he can finish fighting with the sauce.
"He took out Chuck," Dean explains. "Absorbed all his mojo. He saved us, and he brought back all the people Chuck zapped. You would've been proud of him." He clears his throat and sets a pair of books on the dresser. "You raised a good kid."
"He sacrificed that soul to save us from Michael." Cas studies Dean for a few seconds before continuing, "You forgave Sam for the things he did while he was soulless."
after, cas heads across the street, toward a slouchy, adobe building dean eventually recognizes as a church. its set back from the road on a parched and craggy piece of land; a handful of crooked, sun-bleached headstones dot the slope behind it.
dean takes it slow through magdalena. it's a ghost town now - an "aftermath of angels" town - doors are hanging open and cars are abandoned in the street.
Cas likes to read. He starts out with the lore books in the bunker; it's an incredibly inclusive library, and he doesn't see the point in fiction when he already knows the endings. But Sam badgers him into reading the Harry Potter books, and he finds the story much more vivid and engaging than the meager summary Metatron dumped in his head. He ends up falling in love with fantasy, amazed at the breadth of human imagination. He also finds a hidden room on the top floor of the bunker, almost like a conservatory; it has large windows and a skylight and he promptly starts filling it with plants.
"Rowena," Cas says quietly. Angels aren't supposed to get tired, but the creases under his eyes are heavier than usual. His jaw and mouth are tight. "Please."
.  Sam sips his coffee; the refrigerator hums. Dean puts more veggie bacon in his mouth so he doesn't have to find something else to say.
Dean snaps, "Shut up," and grabs Cas' shirt again. Cas leans into it slightly, putting them nose to nose, and Dean bites the inside of his cheek so he doesn't give in and close the distance. "Just shut up." He wants to kiss him—badly—but thinking about it terrifies him. He knows once he does, he won't be able to go back. "You —you can't—"
"It would've consumed you, Dean. You would've wasted weeks and months trying to find a way out, just like you did with Lucifer. And I—" Cas' voice cracks. "I thought I should just enjoy the time I had left."
Dean bristles a little—she doesn't know that—but the other newbies are watching him, and most of them still look like they think he's a nutjob. He gives her a jerky nod and grunts, "Yeah." Then he starts pacing again.
Dean paces and paces outside the infirmary. He had been pacing inside it, but after he hip-checked a table and knocked over a chair, Cas called him a nuisance and threw him out on his ass.
"So, that's it?" Dean says, rough. "You're just gonna go? Head back upstairs like none of this matters. Like we never–like you–"
"I'll be fine," Cas insists. His mouth is still flushed and red. "You—I don't want Jack to be alone."
As they're leaving, Mia stops Dean with a careful hand on his elbow. When he turns around, she says, "You lost someone else. Besides your mother."
He pulls Cas in too roughly, hugs him too long and too tight and too close. He can't stop himself from breathing Cas in, from touching the back of Cas' neck as he moves aside to make room for Sam.
Dean's back and shoulders ache, and a bourbon hangover is squeezing at his temples. He says, "He's gone," again and closes his eyes. "Lucifer shanked him, and he's gone. There's no fixing that."
Dean chokes out a noise; a sour knot is burning in the back of his throat, and the Mark is on fire, throbbing furiously on his arm.
Concentrate. Dean needs to concentrate. He takes a breath and says, "If there's a clock on this, we'd better get moving."
"Yeah, it bothers me. But there's nothing I can do about it right now. Not when he might know something that can fix this."
They head straight home: south on US 83, south and east on a jumble of state highways, south on US 281. The sun is rising by the time they reach Lebanon, flaring orange and bright as it bruises the horizon. Dew veils the prairie grass lining School Avenue, the stinkweed sprouting up along the frontage road that leads to the bunker.
"Yeah," Sam says, nodding. "Caerus used it to log his clients' names, and what they wanted, and the amount of time they'd paid for."
"Yeah, and murders with no evidence. And then, a man named Morris Brockton decided to talk to his dead wife. Only, his wish wasn't specific enough. Instead of coming to him as a ghost, she crawled out of her grave." Sam sips his coffee before continuing, "The whole town was in an uproar. That's when the Men of Letters stepped in."
When they get back to the cars, Cas lingers uncertainly beside the Continental. He still has the stupid paper hearts in his hand.
Sam says, "Dean," and raps his knuckles on the map table. His chair squeaks as he sits up straight. "You said you'd kill him."
The PTA president—Susan, Sharon, Dean doesn't give a shit—jerk-steps back like she's been slapped. Then: "That's not—I wasn't—" She huffs and straightens her coat. "Around here, football is—"
"Okay," Cas says. He runs his fingers along the line of Dean's jaw, and Dean closes his eyes, leans in when Cas tugs him closer by the tie, lets Cas kiss him soft and slow.
Groaning, Dean staggers to his feet. He ducks another shower of glass, reaches for the angel blade he dropped.
dean takes the state route instead of the interstate, pushing through white sand and scrubby cactus until it becomes us85.
They take him down to the basement infirmary that Dean and Sam never bothered with when it was just the two of them. The newbies reopened it at some point while Dean was off playing meatpuppet. Underneath the sting of bleach and rubbing alcohol, it smells faintly of fresh paint. They put Jack in the first bed inside the door. He's breathing shallowly, making soft wheezing noises each time he exhales. His skin is clammy and grey.
They're the only thing moving on US 36. The highway is dotted with cars that lost control after their drivers got zapped; most either ran into the ditch passing as a shoulder or coasted into a field. At the junction with Main Street in Smith Center, a van and two pickups are starfished together in front of the Cenex. Smith Center itself is a ghost town—bikes on the side of the road, hoses spraying at the car wash, shopping bags waiting where they fell in the parking lot of Heartland Foods.
"The Angel of Death is woven into the very fabric of the universe. That outweighs the Empty's petty desire to make me miserable."
The TV is hit or miss. The local stations are all dark, no news or late-night talk shows, but TV Land and TNT still have some reruns in their queue. Dean puts on a
"Stupid or not," Sam says, "it was his choice. Isn't that what we've been fighting for all these years? What we're fighting for now? Free will?"
"The kid?" Dean scoffs. "C'mon. You know how this plays out." When Sam doesn't answer, he continues, "Look, when we try to bend the rules, pretend that the bad guys aren't so bad, or that things will get fixed—that's when people we care about get hurt. And then we end up doing what we shoulda done in the first place, which is end the problem. So this time, let's start with the obvious."
Halfway to the White's in Smith Center, Dean gets a taste for meatloaf, the kind his mother used to make, sliced thick with a layer of ketchup on top. He puts two pounds of good ground beef in his cart, then walks up and down the aisles until he finds the saltine crackers, then loses ten minutes in the produce department, turning circles around the apples and melons while he tries to remember if he has onions back at the bunker. He ends up grabbing a couple just to be safe, and he also gets a sack of russet potatoes, because baked potatoes go with everything, and a bag of salad mix, because Sam doesn't think that potatoes qualify as a vegetable.
"Dean," Cas says, his voice soft. He smiles, the kind of bright, wide-eyed smile Dean usually ignores because they make his chest ache. "Thank you."
Dean wants this too much, has wanted it too long. He comes easily, his thighs shaking, his mouth open and wet at the hollow of Cas' throat. When Cas follows, the desk lamp flickers and his eyes flare blue-white.
He knows the voice on the other end must be a hallucination, but that doesn't stop him from leaning on the gas.
"What if it isn't me?" Dean asks. He grabs the back of a chair, grips it until his knuckles turn white. "What if Chuck—what if he—"
Three days later, Sam corners him in the kitchen. His hair is shower-damp at the temples, and he's holding their battered tablet in one hand, has it tucked up against his chest like he's carrying a baby.
Dean huffs under his breath. He's sure therapy works for some people, and that's great for them. But the idea of airing all his dirty laundry to a stranger makes something cold and uncomfortable squirm around in his gut.
Billie says, "Dean," and moves to the shelves, skims her fingers over the spines of the books. "Every notebook on this particular shelf tells a version of how you die. You, specifically." She touches one and adds, "heart attack," then another, "burned by a red-haired witch," and then another, "stabbed by a ghoul in a graveyard… and on and on and on."
"I recognize this symbol," Cas says. He sketches the wings and squiggle in the air, his finger just above the journal's cover. "It represents Caerus, the Greek god of fortune and opportunity."
Dean mutters, "Asshole," and bites the hinge of his jaw. "I told you, it ain't about deciding. It's—you died." He clears his throat—once, twice. "You died, and I—I wasn't okay."
Slowly, Cas brushes his fingers through Dean's hair. He says, "If it's any consolation, I'll be without you far longer than you'll be without me."
Dean checks on them first thing in the morning. Jack's about the same—still snoozing, still deathly pale. He's wearing what looks like pajamas, and a blue and white flannel sheet is pulled up to his chin. Sweat is beading on his face, and fresh blood is flecked across his lips.
"Maybe I don't want to solve it." Dean could use a beer, but Sam's so far up his ass about his drinking that getting one now would probably start a fistfight. "Maybe I don't wanna do this piece-of-shit job now that Chuck ain't making me."
Chuck dies on a Thursday night at a railyard in Fort Wayne. Jack juices him on the spot, calling down a screaming flash of blue-white-yellow light that leaves spots in Dean's vision and a ringing in his ears.
"It—um. It's bright. Loud." Dean grits his teeth; his throat feels like it's closing up. "It—you didn't miss much."
At least that's what he'd thought. Then Cas walked into that river and didn't come out, and Dean had felt empty.
"Yeah," Sam says. He looks tired. They all look tired. "They're heading back now. She—uh. She gave me a message, in case—in case."
lands like a right hook to the jaw. Dean stares at him for a full thirty seconds before snarling, "Fine, go," and pointing at the door. "Go, if you think those dicks are your family."
She's nearly seven months old, but she still seems impossibly tiny. Dean reaches for her, wanting to pat her back or stroke the curve of her cheek, but pulls back before touching her. They had a hard time putting her down tonight; he doesn't want to wake her up now.
"That's probably Hallmark's fault," Dean says, taking another bite of his burrito. "Any excuse to sell sappy cards." A car turns the corner at the end of the block; they both slouch down as its headlights flare yellow-white across the Impala's dash. "I guess it makes sense -- isn't he the patron saint of love?"
"I'm fine," Cas says tiredly. Dirt is streaking his jaw and chin. "Smiting those things taxed what's left of my grace. I needed to rest for a minute."
?" He feels useless, helpless. He isn't made for problems he can't shoot or stab or fuck away. "To—to hold his hand while his lungs turn inside out? Sam's got that covered. And you—"
Eileen leaves them first thing in the morning; she wants to check on a hunting buddy she hasn't heard from since Jack put everything right.
He picks up a decent classic rock station as he's passing through Lincoln, but he loses it about twenty minutes out. After that, its static, static, a local talking head, more static, a televangelist peddling fire and brimstone for dollars. He turns it down to a buzz and replays his last conversation with Sam in his head.
"Dean." Cas grabs Dean's sleeve, twists his hand in it until it pulls tight across Dean's elbow. "They might be able to help him."
"Maybe," Sam replies. Dean doesn't appreciate the smirk tugging at his mouth. "Eileen texted earlier; she's on her way to Hastings to check out some funky deaths. If you and Cas want this, I'll head up there and give her a hand.
. He's always had a knack for blending in when he wants to, adapting to his surroundings, recognizing what people want to see and hear. He's just never figured out if it's part of the job, or if it's something he picked up from living on the road.
"Really, boys?" Rowena purrs. She's overdressed as usual—a silk shirt and tailored slacks—and she breezes into the infirmary inside a cloud of lilac perfume. Her heels
"Hey," Sam says carefully. "I know that Cas… meant a lot to you. It's going to be hard. But you're obviously carrying something pretty heavy."
Jack's eyes are back to normal, and he looks uncertain now, spooked by what he almost did, what he might be capable of. But before—Jesus Christ.
"Yeah," Dean says, except that the collar of his jacket is crowded up against his jaw. "No, hang on."
"I chose not to involve myself in your little row with Chuck, but that doesn't mean I don't hear things. Lucifer's wee boy exploding in the Empty's face didn't do it any favors." She sighs as she continues, "You're not a god, Dean. Writing that you miss your boyfriend in a magic book never would've worked if the Empty was at full strength."
He starts grabbing books on subjects that might tell him something about Cas—the nature of death, the mechanics of the afterlife, the physiology of angels, the design of the cosmos. The first one—
Cas steps back from the corpse smoking at his feet, a fire-breathing dog he'd had to smite because its hide was too tough for their knives. He says, "He could be. He created this place, so theoretically, he can still touch it, and influence it. But he's weak, and of all his creations, this has languished the longest without is attention. He could have trouble bending it to his will."
Before Metatron cast him from heaven, Cas had never truly understood what that was like. He'd been afraid during the apocalypse, but that had been an abstract feeling, muted by his inhumanity and buried under a sense of resignation, the futility of fighting against something that had seemed inexorable, inevitable. He'd been afraid again in purgatory -- more for Dean than for himself -- but it had paled beside the weight of his guilt.
Cas answers on the third ring, his voice slow and quiet and gruff, and for a split-second Dean worries that Cas had been sleeping, then remembers that Cas is all juiced up again. That doesn’t stop him from imagining it: Cas rubbing at his eyes, and at the pillow creases on his cheek, his hair disheveled, curling wildly behind his ears.
. Dean will cook dinner when they're not on the road, and Cas will pretend to eat it, and maybe hold his hand under the table, and it'll be almost normal, and almost normal is something Dean can totally do.
Belphegor watches Cas go with a smile tugging his mouth. Then: "Wow. I guess there really is trouble in paradise."
"Boys," Rowena coos, her voice prickly and thin over speakerphone. "I'm a career woman now, I can't just jaunt topside because you have a problem."
am I going to go back to school? With a fake name? A fake high school diploma? A fake social security number?" When Dean doesn't answer, he continues, "You're right, Chuck chose this life for us. But it's the life we've got, and now that he's gone, we're calling the shots. You, and me. And Cas, if we ever see him again."
The car Cas steals breaks down northeast of Tucumcari, not far from the New Mexico state line. The sun is relentless. He's been gone long enough for Sam and Dean to get new phones. He sheds his coat and walks toward Texas.
Dean rolls his eyes a little; this is the last thing he needs after two fourteen-hour drives and a fight with a wraith. "It wasn't exactly like that."
Sam glances at the backseat, like he's afraid little Damien's awake and listening to them, but Dean just keeps going:
It's drizzling again, barely enough to mist the Impala's windshield, but it's an excuse to get out of the car. As Dean reaches for the handle, Sam grabs his arm.
Dean says, "Look," and moves out of the doorway. "I know you think you can use him as some sort of interdimensional can-opener, and that's fine. But don't act like you care about him. "You—" he points at Sam "—only care about what he can do for you. So if you want to pretend, that's fine. But me? I can hardly look at the kid. Because when I do, all I see is everybody we've lost."
When he's done, Rowena makes a soft, thoughtful noise that's nearly lost to static. Then: "The answer is obvious. Summon Caerus and have him finish the job."
—was published in 1912 and reads like the worst kind of science textbook. But Dean keeps at it. He takes notes on a mint-green steno pad he found in Cas' room.
"All right, all right," Sam says. He shakes his head, then points at the Impala. "Just stand over there and -- whatever."
An hour ago, Gadreel's meatsuit hadn't been bleeding out on the couch. "I was wrong." If he hadn't been touching the First Blade when he shook Gadreel's hand, he wouldn't have -- well. He hates the sonofabitch for what he did to Kevin and Sam, but Cas needs the intel. Metatron is what's important right now. "Is he gonna make it?"
They're outside the bunker's garage door, standing in the narrow strip of shade cast by the retaining wall. A breeze is ruffling the trees and Baby's chrome is glinting in the weak sunlight.
"It ain't about deciding," Dean says. Somehow, his hand is at the hollow of Cas' throat. "I can't—I'm not—"
"No." Cas shakes his head. "I doubt he'd want that. Besides, he's sick enough now that removing it might kill him."
He says, "Sam," and stops. He's has an ache under his ribs, so raw and brittle and horrible he barely has room to breathe. "I'm not—I can't—"
"I'm almost certain," she replies. "I can devise something for you, if you really need to light fifty pink candles and bleed into a bowl of rose petals and sorrel. I just don't think it's necessary. Sometimes, the simplest spells are the strongest. Remember, I drew thousands of demons back to Hell with nothing but my blood and breath."
That's more than Dean can deal with before noon, so he gets up and pours himself another cup of coffee. It's the bottom of the pot—tarry and slightly burnt—but drinking it gives him something to do with his mouth.
"Was it?" Sam demands, anger flushing his cheeks and jaw. "Because you could've put a bullet in me. Dad
Sam looks like he slept in his clothes—rumpled collar, wrinkled sleeves. He asks, "Have you been out here all night?" in a voice like a rough patch of road.
If Dean's brain was firing on all cylinders, he could turn that into a fight. But it isn't, so he reaches for the radio. The cassette in the tape deck is Zeppelin, which he isn't sure he can listen to yet. He spins the FM dial past several obnoxious morning DJs until he finds a farm report.
Cas comes walking down the gravel road that leads to the garage, only fifteen minutes later than Jack predicted. He's moving stiffly, like he's figuring out how to be inside his body again. Sunlight is flaring at his back.
Dean looks over at him again. Baby's engine fills the silence before he says, "Mom's gone. There's no fixing that."
Dean freezes. Sam gives him a long, worried look before admitting, "Yeah. Caerus granted luck, not wishes. It never lasted more than a day or two."
want to talk about it. But now that the band-aid's half off, there's no point in leaving it hanging there.
And that—fuck. Dean's crying. He's crying, and he doesn't give a shit. He says, "Don't," and twists his hand in Cas' collar. "Stay. Stay here, and—"
. Cas spares Dean half a glance before telling Sam, "It seemed safer than trying to return to Heaven."
Mary Grace shifts in her sleep, making a soft noise Dean barely hears over the tinkle of her mobile, a collection of stars and moons hand-painted by Garth. His shoulder blocks the flare of the nightlight in a way that cuts the crib in half; the cartoon dinosaurs on Mary Grace's pajamas are green and orange to her shoulder, then muddied by shadows from there down to her feet. Dean just stares at her for a moment, resting his hands on the rail of the crib, watching the perfect sweep of her eyelashes, the tight curl of her hands, the steady rise and fall of her chest.
Three hunters is more hands on deck than one ghoul really needs, so they get the thing cornered and killed in less than ten minutes. The rough brick building next to the shed looks like an abandoned charnel house; they torch the ghoul and its corpse dinner in there instead of driving around all night looking for an open field. It's littered with old pallets, broken coffins, and empty mulch bags, which makes for more than enough kindling.
He's sitting in the dirt, hunched against the trunk of a tree. A pair of dead fire-breathing dogs are heaped fifty feet away, smoke still curling from their scorched noses and mouths. Dean's breath hitches; he hurries over and crouches at Cas' side.
Sam says, "Hey," and nudges Dean with his elbow. "It's alright. We don't have to keep talking about it."
"And, maybe you're right about the kid," Dean continues. "I mean, he tries. I'll give him that. And he tapped his powers, saved our asses, so that's a win."
Cas glances down at the box, then back up at Dean. "I don't own much. The woman I worked for, Nora -- she told me people often buy things to beautify their homes, but my apartment lacked the space for personal effects."
"You promised," Dean says, his voice rough. He tries to pull away, to make Cas look him in the eye, but he's shaking too hard, can't make his arms and legs move the right way. He's only standing because Cas is holding him up. "You--"
I think they have a lot of favorites -- Dean likes to sleep late, and watch football, and catch up on the tv shows he misses when he's on the road. He also likes to cook; having a kitchen has made him appreciate food that doesn't leave puddles of grease on the plate. He still tends toward trucker fare -- burgers, meatloaf, steak and potatoes, chicken-fried steak -- but it tastes better off his own stove, especially when he first gets home from a hunt.
"Cosmic consequences," Cas replies. His tone's so dry Dean can't tell if he's joking or not. "Billie purged her ranks in the last few months. She eliminated anyone who opposed her movements against Chuck. With so few reapers left, there was little chance of one conveniently dying in time to fill her shoes." Pausing, he looks down at himself. "Apparently, I was the next best thing."
The glass shattering just puts his teeth on edge. He snarls, "We're fine, Sammy. Everything's fine," and storms out of the room.
Dean grabs his fries off the nightstand, but they're limp and cold and his stomach doesn't want them. He drops them back in the bag and says, "You could go back to school."
"I could use a cuppa," Rowena says quietly. The shadows under her eyes are the color of an old bruise. "Shall I start you some coffee while I'm at it?"
"We did," Cas corrects. "The three of us. We—" He stops short and gestures at Dean's notebook. "What's this?"
"When was I gonna?" Dean asks. He needs another drink, but he's not sure his knees will get him there. "When you were oozing leviathan goo everywhere? When I was outta my mind with the Mark of Cain? When Lucifer was riding around in your meatsuit? And then you
Dean doesn't have an answer to that. Yeah, hunting's what he's good at. Yeah, it's what he knows. But it's worn him down over the years, and he's not sure he can bright-side it like Sam just because Chuck's out of the picture. At the same time, he's not sure what else he can do. He's legally dead, and he doesn't have that many marketable skills. He could work construction again until his back finally gives out; he knows enough about cars to maybe land work in a shop. But he—he doesn't know. He's never been good at wanting things for himself.
He clicks the button that subscribes him to matches when he's away from his listed location. Lebanon isn't exactly a tourist hot-spot; if he gets any matches at all, it'll be when he's on the road.
They pass a windmill a few miles over the Kansas line, an old Aerometer with a slight lean and three or four missing blades. Dean's driven by it at least a couple hundred times. He's never given it much thought, but Cas mentioned it once, on a trip to North Dakota to check out some funky deaths, had started rambling about the wonders of human engineering, the marvels of the human mind.
"You really believe that," Billie says. It isn't really a question, so Dean doesn't answer. Billie's mouth twists as she decides, "You want to die."
, with Chuck out there doing fuck-knows-what and Billie breathing down their necks. It's the rasp in Cas' voice, the flush rising in his cheeks. Everything inside Dean spins and spins until—
He buttons it halfway, then unbuttons most of that, then starts buttoning it back up again, then pulls it off entirely and tosses it through Baby's open window. He leans against the car again, propping his leg up on the bumper and resting his elbow on his bent knee.
Silence. The air thrums. Dean stares over Cas' shoulder instead of looking at his face—at the flush on his cheeks, the tears in his eyes.
Cas hesitates, the silence stretching out a little too long to be casual. Dean figures Cas will just lean over the counter and zap the guy; he doesn't expect Cas to grab his arm and say, "He's my husband."
Sam catches them in the war room. He says, "I've been looking for you," and runs a hand through his hair. "I might have an idea."
"It means he's unwell." Cas hesitates again, just long enough for some road noise to buzz in Dean's ear. "I just heard on the radio that another man was murdered. Last night, after we left. He had the same bizarre wounds to his torso. I—"
Dean thinks about Cas walking into that river, of his coat floating to the bank. He grunts, "Whatever," into his coffee cup, breathes around the lump burning in his throat.
"You didn't have to do that," Dean says. It hadn't been much of an injury, just bruised skin and angry muscles, nothing a hot shower and a couple of aspirin wouldn't have fixed.
He hustles them into the Impala and makes the five-minute drive up to the cemetery. He parks on the opposite end from the most likely shed so her engine doesn't spook the ghoul. They cut straight across the grass, which is wet enough from a recent round of sprinklers that Dean's jeans end up damp past his ankles. In the sodium flare of the security lights, the shed's aluminum frame is a dull, brownish-gray. Dean passes around the shotguns and Sam kicks down the door.
He remembers the job—a wraith—but not the town. It's somewhere boring and flat; Cas has his back to a rough ribbon of highway edged by towering cornfields. He's standing beside the Continental, looking windswept and irritable. The afternoon sun is flaring yellow-gold behind his head.
"I think she might be the vampire." Sam shuffles through the stuff strewn across their crappy motel's crappier dinette—photos, witness statements, maps, newspaper clippings. "She was the last person to see Lindsay alive."
He ends up hunched over the kitchen counter, gripping their World War II can opener like a vise, sucking in air so he doesn't cry. The feeling burns at the back of his throat, a sour-hot hand clutching underneath his jaw. But if he starts—if he starts—
Let’s talk about Dean calling Cas while he’s on the road. He doesn’t know why he does it; Cas is busy doing angel things, and god knows he booked out of the bunker as fast as he could the night they patched up Dean’s soul, but Dean is stuck in a shitty motel outside Springfield, trapped indoors because of the rain, and Sam off somewhere hustling pool, and Dean can’t make himself settle, even after two beers.
Dean looks at the shelves—the height, the width, the number of books just dedicated to him—but he can't wrap his head around it. He doesn't even try.
cuts to a commercial; he kills the TV a few beats into a brassy dealership jingle. "I've been doing this since I was four years-old, and I'm, I'm tired. I'm fucking—"
When they're about two hours in, pushing southeast on US 26 and closing in on the Wyoming-Nebraska line, Sam asks, "You alright?"
Whatever cosmic wavelength Jack's tapping into craps out as they roll into Fort Collins. It's as empty as everywhere else they've been in the last seven hours; they pass a gas station with cars still at the pumps, a furniture store with its front door open and its lights still on, a library with books and papers scattered across its front steps.
The ground shakes again. Sam is red-faced and gasping. Beside him, Donatello flops onto his back and lets out a groan.
Dean's halfway down the hall when Cas comes out of Sam's room. They stare at each other for a long, tense moment; a wall sconce hums behind Cas' shoulder, a loose tile whines as Dean shifts his weight. Cas' hair is a wreck, and he has a thin smudge of dirt below his ear. Dean opens his mouth but the words stick in the back of his throat.
"Cas," Dean says, rough, the blood on his face twisting the lines of his mouth as it moves. "You -- um." He cocks his head to the side, his eyes burning black, and Cas realizes that Dean can (finally) see the truth of him -- all six of his wings; all four of his faces, three of them formed after animals long since extinct; the holy light pulsing at the center of him, weakened now, dim in more places than not, the rest of it fading, tarnished a cloudy, sickly yellow. He waits in silence, expecting Dean to be horrified, fearful, but Dean just shakes his head, murmurs, "huh," under his breath.
Dean slides back over to where he started, but he angles his body forward, cocking one hip against the side of the car. He still feels ridiculous. The breeze picks up a little; the tails of his flannel flap around his torso and he waves Sam off.
Sam is quiet for a couple of miles. Then: "After that thing with the leviathan, when we thought he was dead. You were a mess while he was gone, and you were still a mess after he came back."
"it was here," he insists, turning in a circle. a forty-five loaded with angel-blade bullets is making a lump in the pocket of his jeans. "they moved it."
The wind picks up, battering a tree branch against the side of the cabin. Dumah says, "Castiel is an angel. He belongs with his brethren."
Rowena laughs so hard a flush darkens the line of her throat. "Please. He wouldn't even know where to start."
Cas do anything. He just—he just—" He cuts off and puts the shot glass to his mouth, drains it after adding, "Dumb sonofabitch just does whatever the hell he wants."
They stop for gas at the Love's outside Shelby, just shy of the Iowa-Nebraska line. Dean's tired; he has a bruise on his hip and side from getting vamp-thrown into a fence, and a headache is throbbing behind his eyes. The last thing he wants is Sam handing him this morning's Omaha World-Herald.
Once they're gone, he heads over to the Impala and grabs the fifth of Jim Beam stashed behind their jugs of holy water and cannisters of salt. He finds a tree near the pyre, sits at its base, and brings the bottle to his mouth.
Cas pauses for a moment, his mouth soft at the corners. Soft and kind of sad. "If you're uncomfortable, we don't --"
"Yeah, we do," Dean insists. "We do, Sam. Lucifer killed her. The moment he realized we trapped his ass, he killed her. You know he did."
Dean's dozing when Sam comes into his room, sitting up on his bed with his head tipped back against the wall. The door creaking open jerks him awake. He winces as his neck pops. The book in his lap slides to the floor.
The look on her face says she isn't buying what he's selling, but she doesn't push it. She says, "I know you think therapy is crap, but finding closure is important. Visit his grave, or a place you shared together, and be with him there. Say the things you wanted to say."
Dean says, "Rowena knew what she was getting into." It’s a familiar lie, one he's told too many times.
Four beers and two airplane bottles of Glenlivet later, he only feels kind of stupid when he rubs his face and whispers, "Cas," at the water-stained ceiling.
Cas pours the hoodoo on Dean's arm and Sam recites the spell, and it hurts like fire, hurts like hell all over again, the Mark burning worse than it ever has, everything inside Dean twisting and writhing and dying. He screams himself hoarse, comes close to swallowing his tongue, passes out with the taste of sulfur in his mouth, wakes up to Cas lifting him off the dungeon floor.
Sam shouts, "No. No way," and takes a step closer to Dean. Cas just stares—mouth open, tears on his cheeks.
"Typically, wildflowers bloom near sources of fresh water. But—" Cas gestures at the river. The bank is craggy and barren, choked with dead brush. "This place is nothing close to typical."
As he puts the curse box back, he notices a notebook on the shelf above it. It's bound in light brown leather, embossed with a pair of wings with a weird squiggle between them, and covered in a thick layer of dust. Its parchment pages feel grainy against his fingers; all of them are blank.
"This man is my husband," Cas says again, and something squirms in Dean's chest, underneath his ribs. Cas squeezes his arm, then tilts his head at Sam. "That's his -- he's my brother-in-law."
They stop for gas outside Enid, just as the sun is sinking out of sight; the fluorescent lights above the pump wash everything in yellow, fading the asphalt to gray and rusting the Impala to dark brown, leeching the color from Cas’ coat, from his skin. He leans against the trunk while they wait, his feet crossed at the ankles and his hand curved over the fin, and Dean covers it with his own, squeezes a little, brushes over Cas’ long fingers and sharply bent knuckles, the gun callus building at the crease of Cas’ thumb and the sparse hairs at the start of his wrist.
Dean jerks his head around, and—Christ. They're not alone anymore; all the newbies are watching this shitshow, crowded into the library's doorways in twos and threes. Dean takes a step back and makes himself breathe. His hands are still shaking. He snatches his beer off the table, drains it, and lobs the empty bottle at the trashcan.
"He's going to scatter Cas' ashes out in that field," Sam explains. "He's going to put him to rest."
Eventually, Sam hustles Dean into the kitchen and forces two cups of coffee down his throat. They burn his tongue and taste like a good spoonful of grounds escaped the filter. They don't really sober him up, just float on top of the whiskey in a way that makes him feel like he's going to puke.
"Yeah, I did. But he's—" Dean sighs and rubs his hand over his face. "I don't know what else to do."
"Please be okay," he whispers. He shifts down until he's sitting on the dirt and rests his machete across his knees. "Just—you gotta be okay."
Cas turns up a little after midnight looking windswept and tired. Jack is out cold; Cas brings him down the stairs in a fireman's carry.
The coffee can is still in the Impala's trunk, wrapped in an old flannel shirt and braced between two cannisters of salt. It hasn't felt right—leaving him in the dark, letting him rattle around with the rosaries and gun oil and salt rounds, but Dean didn't know what else to do. The field behind the bunker is local boondocking spot—asshole kids pitching tents and pissing on trees and throwing beer cans in the brush and tearing up everything with their dirt bikes—and keeping him an urn on a bookshelf like some kind of fucked up trophy would probably drive Dean out of his mind.
Cas buys them on a salt-and-butane stop in the middle of a hunt, their fourth day tracking an angry spirit through a rainstorm. Everything they own is wet, the kind of wet that never really seems to dry out, but these are the ugliest things Dean has ever seen, over-the-calf dress socks in multicolored stripes. Cas just smiles as he throws them into the cart, and later he tucks his clown-suit feet under Dean’s thigh, then props them in Dean’s lap, and Dean catches himself with his hand curled around Cas’ ankle, his thumb tapping over a red stripe, then a yellow one, then a blue one.
"Yeah, yeah," Dean says, rolling his eyes. She's a friend now, but she's still a pain in the ass. "Thanks for stopping by. Now get outta here before my brother comes home and kills you."
"Uh-huh," Dean says, dry. They've Skyped a few times since Jack reset everything, but they haven't seen each other in person. "Is that what the kids are calling it these days?"
It's soft at first, careful, like maybe Cas is afraid of his new power. His coat bunches between them, and his hand flutters at the side of Dean's neck. He tastes otherworldly—something too light and bright to be human. Dean can't get enough of it. He tugs Cas closer, kisses him until neither of them can breathe.
"His symptoms match a consumption curse I found in one of the grimoires, but I—" Cas sighs quietly. "I performed the counter-curse and—"
He should slow this down. Take his time, spread Cas out like he deserves. But Cas is biting at his throat, and then his jeans are open and Cas' huge hand is wrapped around his dick. He slides his lips up the line of Cas' throat and down the curve of his jaw. He tips his head up as he tugs on Cas' fly, gets his hand inside and pushes his tongue into Cas' mouth. They find a rhythm somehow—graceless and awkward, but enough.
They tumble to the bed still kissing, end up sprawled across it sideways with Dean half on top of Cas, the flannel he shed earlier underneath Cas' hip. Dean used to be good at this, but now he's clumsy as hell. He scrabbles at Cas' coat, his shirt. He sinks a hand into Cas' hair and then can't make himself move it. When he tries to unknot Cas' tie with the other, his fingers bump and skip over the material.
Douglas isn't much, just six thousand people clustered around a slow curve in US 26. It hosts the Wyoming State Fair every year, so it has more motels than most towns its size. The cheapest one is the Budget Deluxe—a shapeless flop with badly-painted cinderblock walls and a mansard roof that was probably hot-rod red before it spent forty years out in the weather. Their room is halfway between the office and a bank of asthmatic vending machines, has shag carpet and sunflower wallpaper and reeks of stale cigarette smoke.
"Dean." Cas shifts slightly, rippling in front of the bookcase behind him like a mirage. "We don't even know who did this. Or why. Or—"
Cas sighs, but there's no real heat behind it. He understands all the things Dean can't say -- that he grew up on the road, that he's never really had anything permanent, that he raised Sam the best he could but wishes he'd done better, wants to do better now. He lets Dean stew for another minute or two, then lifts Mary Grace out of the crib, cradling her head in his hand as he tucks her against his shoulder. "Come on." He slides his other hand over Dean's hip, nudging Dean toward the door. "We'll have a slumber party."
Sam says, "It's not too heavy," then grimaces again and hedges, "Well, comparatively. We'll need to find a hoodoo shop, though. It needs more cardoon and labradorite that we’ve got."
The door bangs open before Cas can answer. Dean thinks it's the wind again, but then Dumah strides in, backlit by the waning moon.
. All Dean can think about is the noise Cas made when the blade went through, his wings scorching shadows into the dirt. "He doesn't."
"It's a good way to process trauma," Sam explains. "We're writing our own story now, but we still have a bunch of stuff to work through. And it's not like we can dump monsters and angels and…
," the Empty drawls, "it just might work. It might also blow the whole universe to smithereens. I'm a cosmic entity, not a gambler. I'm calling in my last few favors early in case you idiots bring the whole house down."
Dean snorts under his breath. Lebanon's population tops out at a little over two hundred; the closest thing to singles in Dean's area are the cows grazing along US 281.
They're cruising west on US 36, into an orange-gold smear of a sunset that's just bright enough to make Dean squint. As they pass the junction with Highway 112, he looks for the wrecked tractor he saw as he headed for the Chuck showdown. There's no sign of it now; Jack must've reset everyone to a time before the big disappearing act.
,"  and swipes at them with his sleeve. "He told me that I'd changed him. That I'd taught him how to care about things. All it did was get him killed."
He cuts off, chest aching. He sets the coffee can on one of the rocks so he can rub his stinging eyes.
Dean kisses him, because it's easier. He curls one hand into the front of Cas' sweater and slides the other into Cas' hair, and hopes Cas can feel all the things he can't say,
"I was saying that you—that I want—" Dean looks away, rubs his hand over his face. "You. I want you. I'm just—"
"Are you all right?" It's a stupid question, pointless, Cas can heal himself with half a thought, but knowing that doesn't make it any easier when Cas gets hurt. Earlier, the ghost they were hunting had tossed Cas into a headstone with a sound like bones snapping, and Dean had watched him slump over with a knot in his throat and a sick lurch in his gut, his hands shaking as he'd fumbled with the matches and salt.
"Dean," Sam says again, and Dean looks at him—really looks at him. His mouth is tight, and the circles under his eyes are the color of an old bruise. Rowena's death is wrapped around his shoulders. "You're acting like we've got tons of other options."
"It hurt me, really, letting that little firecracker go. But Castiel—" the Empty hums. "He'd already wriggled away from me once. And a cosmic entity never forgets."
Cas kisses his cheek, the corner of his mouth. "Because I am selfish, and weak. It would be bad enough if you died, but doing it with my own hands -- I couldn't bear it."
Even translucent, the way Cas' face lights up in unmistakable. His eyes crinkle, and his mouth curves with a smile. Suddenly, Dean hates himself for not squaring up to this sooner, for never having the courage to tell Cas how he feels.
They curl together on the couch, drowsing as the tv flashes and murmurs in the background, Cas’ head under Dean’s chin and Dean’s arms wrapped around Cas’ shoulders, an old blanket pulled around them, holding out the bunker’s chill. Dean brushes his thumb over the soft skin behind Cas’ ear, and Cas shifts a little closer, making a rough, sleepy noise into the hollow of Dean’s throat. He tips his head up, pressing a kiss to the point of Dean’s chin; the remote slides to the floor, but Dean sighs and curves his hand around the back of Cas’ neck.
Beaverdale High School is on the north end of town, inside a quiet neighborhood full of Midwestern suburban dipshits reliving their glory days through their kids. Dean wants to punch every single one of them in the throat.
She says, "You have work to do," and gives him another inscrutable look. "That's all you need to know. And trust me, having my eyes opened to the necessity of any humans, especially Winchesters, is not a thrill. So… you want to die, but I say, keep living."
"She -- online?" Dean sighs; he hadn't thought of that.  Fucking internet. "If she -- wait," he says, sitting up a little as he spots someone walking down the street. "Grab that bottle of witch-killing shit. This might be our girl."
Dean's werewolf lunges at him, and they hit the ground rolling, end up scratching and grappling their way across the clearing and down the side of a long slope. Dean lands on top, and that gives him enough leverage to rear up and spear the werewolf through the heart. He pauses long enough to catch his breath, then heaves himself to his feet and cleans his machete's bloody blade with the werewolf's shirt.
, which hasn't made sense since he opened it but really went off the deep end about a hundred pages ago. He hopes Sam is making better progress with
"Oh?" Dean mimics. His headache is a living thing now—pounding in his temples, throbbing behind his ears. "Is that all you got?"
"Well, I haven't slept in about three days, and I spent most of today fighting weird zombies. I think I'm gonna choose to go to bed."
"And the book?" Cas asks. He's standing at Dean's shoulder, bleeding cold in a way Dean can feel at the back of his neck. "Some kind of ledger?"
Dean's only somewhat surprised when Cas walks into his bedroom about thirty minutes later. Sam's usually the one who gets stuck soothing the savage beast, but he's probably busy right now, making sticker charts for his Webelo hunters.
Dean says, "I know," and presses his mouth to Cas' temple. "Promises are hard to keep in this line of work. And they're hard to keep when someone else is pulling the strings." He slides his hand down to the dip of Cas' spine. "And it wasn't your fault. That was all Chuck."
He mutters, "Whatever," and jerks the wheel a little. He doesn't want to talk about this anymore. "He's gone now. And I didn't know."
Dean's gut churns. Every time Cas pals around with angels, he ends up getting hurt. "You think they're gonna help?"
"Cas," Dean says, guilt twisting into his gut and settling like a stone. He'd sent Cas away with a cell phone and a credit card and all the cash he'd had on him, but he'd worried constantly that it wouldn't be enough. "You should've called if you needed something."
called." That isn't quite true. Cas did call a few times, twice before that case they worked and another three or four times after, but Cas was always quiet and gruff, and it wasn't enough to ease the constant ache in Dean's chest. "I was worried."
"Cas." Dean tosses the towel aside and sits on the edge of Jack's bed. "You ain't gotta sleep. Just go upstairs. Go outside and get some fresh air. You've been down here since last night." When Cas doesn't say anything—and doesn't say anything, and doesn't say anything—Dean takes a breath and presses on. "We'll figure it out."
"Yeah?" Dean's gut lurches; he bites the inside of his cheek so he doesn't puke on his boots. "I thought this was your home.
Dean sits up and sucks in a breath. Cas reaches for him, touching his cheek and his jaw and his wet, swollen mouth. He grabs Dean's sleeve and pulls until Dean is sprawled out on the bed beside him. They kiss until they're both breathless, and Cas rubs Dean through his jeans until Dean is rocking up against it. When Cas finally wraps a hand around his dick, Dean chokes out a ragged, embarrassing noise. He doesn't need much, just the weight of Cas against his side and the warm-rough drag of Cas' palm. Dean comes with his head thrown back and his fingers twisted in Cas' hair.
"Alright," Sam says, breaking nearly a half-hour of solid silence. "You ready to tell me what really happened?"
. You—" Sam grabs Dean's arm—some of the barflies are starting to stare—so Dean clears his throat, lowers his voice. "You—"
Avoidance is the better part of valor, so he hides out in his room until the kitchen clears out for lunch. Then he throws a sandwich together and heads down to the infirmary. He finds Cas exactly where he left him a couple hours ago—slumped in the chair beside Jack's bed with a book in his lap. He isn't even reading it.
The second shot goes down rough, feels like glass at the back of Dean's throat. He coughs a couple times and rubs his hand over his face.
Instead, he follows Cas down the hallway to the sleeping quarters, and he half expects Cas to choose his own bedroom, because the last time Cas was human he slept at homeless shelters and in the back room at the Gas & Sip, has never really had his own place, but Cas just walks into Dean's room and sits on the bed.
"Billions of souls are at stake," Dumah says, narrowing her eyes. "Billions. If Heaven's integrity fails, we—"
"I know I have. But—" Dean shakes his head. "Don't say that. I need you to keep the faith. For both of us. Because right now, I… I don't believe in a damn thing."
"Yeah," Sam says, snorting. "Because we handled it so well last time someone swallowed a bunch of souls and tried to play God."
"You've changed," Billie observes. "And you tell people it's not a big deal. You tell people you'll work through it, but you know you won't. You can't, and that scares the hell out of you. Or… am I wrong?"
"Yeah," Dean says, grabbing a handful of the hearts scattered around the husband's foot. They're the kind of thing kids make in elementary school, cut from red and pink construction paper. One of the pink ones is sloppily trimmed in white lace. "I don't get it."
Dean's phone rings; it's probably the coroner, calling to say yesterday's couple had died the same way as the first, strangulation without any outward trauma or bruising, like their throats had been crushed from the inside.
Belphegor says, "Nothing," and props one foot on the chair in front of him. "You know, humans sucked at communication back in my day too. Of course, we weren't really sure how language worked back then, so—"
Cas is quiet for a moment—a long, skin-crawlingly uncomfortable moment. A frown tugs at his mouth. Then, quietly, he says, "I'd let you, Dean. But you refuse to be honest with yourself long enough for us to even talk about it."
He doesn't open Google Maps, doesn't plan out any stops. He just pulls onto State Route 105 because it's headed southeast and leans on the gas.
Dean touches the handprint Cas left on his shoulder. It's stiff now, the blood dry. "It's not mine."
The rough ride jolts Sam awake; he sits up with a bleary noise and looks around. "What—what's going on?"
If anything, Jack seems a little paler. But Dean isn't going to be the one to mention it. "What if—what if it's something demonic?"
"Mom?" Dean asks. He's three shots deep in a bottle of Red Label; his voice sounds like a rough patch of road.
"Yeah, I got that part." Dean paces in a tight circle, gritting his teeth when he hip-checks the couch. "What I don't get is why it's gotta be you. Why you gotta flap up there are wipe their asses one more time. It ain't—it ain't—"
. Like maybe in this other, unreal place, he could finally square up with his heart. But before he could say it, Cas told him he didn't have to, that he'd already "heard."
Dean takes the smile that splits Sam's face as his cue to make himself scarce. He shuffles into the office to see what the Budget Deluxe is offering for continental breakfast. It looks like garbage, and not just because he's hungover; it's one of the worst spreads he's seen in thirty-plus years on the road. Still, he figures he should give Sam and Eileen a few minutes, so he takes his time picking it over. He ends up with a cup of chicory that smells like motor oil and a bagel he hopes will soak up some of the leftover booze sloshing around in his gut.
He can't do this. Not without another drink. As he gets up and walks to the minibar, the air shifts.
Just as he's is finishing up, Sam comes back with Eileen and three bags of take-out from the truck stop up the street.
When they finally make it back out to the library, Sam is sitting there with the laptop and a beer. The laptop is open to an online article with the headline BLOODLESS BODIES FOUND ON REMOTE HIKING TRAIL.
"That wasn't your fault," Dean insists. He cuts a look at Dumah; his hair's been standing on end since she showed up. "Michael shanked him before you really had a chance."
"Yeah," Dean admits. He sighs and leans his elbows on the table. "That, and him going off script with Belphegor."
. From that first night, when they were standing in that barn, the air between them had arced and snapped like a live wire. But it had been visceral.
"Huh." Dean has never given the saints much thought; there's a Saint Christopher medal in the Impala's glove box, has been for years, but that had been a gift from Bobby.
"For --" Cas lifts their hands, frowning slightly as he lets go. Dean barely stops himself from reaching out, taking it back. "I didn't --"
They should go; it's going to rain soon, and the ghost had screamed bloody murder as she burned out, and they still have to drive back to the motel, fifty miles away and two towns over.
Everyone's watching them, but that doesn't stop Dean from reaching for him. He says, "Cas," and wipes the blood away with his thumb. "How'd it go?"
"Big time," Sam says, leaning back in his chair. "Most people wanted mundane stuff—landing a job, passing a test, going on a first date without feeling awkward. But enough tried using it to commit the perfect crime."
The next time Dean wakes, it's the dead of night. Jack is standing at the foot of his bed, backlit by the sodium light slicing in from the hallway.
Cas and Sam watching him. He hesitates for a second before switching off the speaker and putting the phone to his year. "What's up?"
Cas picks that moment to trudge down the garage stairs. His tie is crooked, and Sam's bag is slung over his shoulder. He stalks past Dean and Belphegor without so much as a glance.
"Good." Cas leans down, kissing Dean long and easy and slow. "You've been asleep almost three days; you should eat something and let your brother know you're still alive."
"Well, he's awake," Sam says. "And he's asking for you guys. He wants—and I quote—'all of his dads.'"
