John hated Molly. Molly was not responsible for the whole story, John knew that too. But he just hated everyone who had known Sherlock and had not prevented the tragedy. Well, maybe with the exception of Mrs Hudson. You simply couldn't hate the dear old lady.
Ultimately, however, her job was to protect me and, should it prove necessary, to incapacitate Sherlock.
Yes, after the conversation with John, which had been several weeks ago by now, he had, as expected, been completely off his rocker. But then everything had turned out differently than planned, and that bothered Molly.
That moment, when he had a slightly clearer view for the first time in weeks, and now the soft silk and pleasant scent of Sherlock's dressing gown enveloped him, it hit him like a hammer blow.
Still. John Hamish "Jim" Moriarty, I thought, you are a brilliant planner, only sometimes your temper just gets the better of you.
Lestrade likewise grabbed a mobile phone, stepped up to the window and arranged for Mrs Hudson to be arrested and for the press to be present.
"It would be interesting to see how you were going to try," Sherlock said, and began to maltreat his poor violin.
Someone very close to Sherlock was Moriarty ... and no one could tell if it was actually a man .... !
And it was clear, perfectly clear, that Sherlock was clearly interested in me. Despite all his words to the contrary.
In any case, I had a lot to do to cope with everyday life with him and to keep my temper in check. Nevertheless, I enjoyed every minute. Every minute I could let him dance on my strings. And yes, it was a fascinating time. I was not bored for a moment.
The old lady was certainly no coward. She had been through more in her life than many and had dealt out some pretty good blows. She was a tough cookie and not easily frightened. But a dead man on the stairs in the house was a bit much for her, too.
"Well,“ said Greg, scratching his neck, „I don't know how to say this, but... ..but John, Mycroft and I have an open relationship.“
"If I ever do want to take advantage of this free pass, unwanted by me and yet issued by Sherlock, it certainly wouldn't involve you! And now I would be much obliged if you would take me home!"
"OK, John. I understand. Even without your threat of corporal punishment. which I don't think you meant to do anyway...“
"Well, did you have a little domestic quarrel?", I heard Mrs Hudson say as I put my ear to the door.
In fact, it was impossible, because both the username and the password had no relation to me, John Watson, or anything in my environment. Both were a random string of characters.
I was now lying on the sofa with my legs spread and bent, Sherlock kneeled between my legs and looked straight at my crotch. Just the look out of his so unfathomable eyes, just the sight of this beautiful man so close and intimate with me brought me at least to level ninety-nine.
But could one be sure that this man was not simply a great actor? John didn't think much of Mycroft Holmes, and it wouldn't really have surprised him if Sherlock's own brother, who had already called himself Sherlock's arch-enemy in the past, actually turned out to be his true arch-enemy Moriarty in the end ...
Not that I would have minded blowing up the little bitch with her fancy waistcoat. In fact, I would have loved that. But still... I'd be disappointed, because I wanted the game to stay exciting. I didn't want to win so easily.
John hated Gregory Lestrade. Which was a pity, because before Sherlock's death Lestrade had just become a pleasant mate for him, with whom one could have a beer and rant about the world as such and life in general and life with Sherlock Holmes in particular ...
I looked at Mycroft with an impenetrable stare before turning back around. I was about to leave the warehouse, but he called after me:
There were some rather breathtaking moments as Sarah and I sat tied up in a chair. Sarah on the verge of being blown to kingdom come with the strange Chinese gunshot contraption.
"No, Sherlock," I said. "I appreciate your concern for me, but there's no need for it at the moment."
But he hadn't got that far yet, and once again it became apparent that Sherlock really wasn't as cold-hearted as he always claimed. For those feelings that dwelt within him blocked his objective view of these things.
Little, naïve, shy and so sweet Molly, who grieved as deeply as he did because she had been in love with Sherlock.
John sighed. Then he let himself slide to the floor. He didn't need a soft sofa to brood on. He could do that even on the cold tile floor. It didn't matter anyway.
"But ..." stammered John, "if my psyche hadn't just since .... his … your ... death ... ... went crazy like this? What if I was already ... suffering from a serious mental disorder? A split personality? Or was under something like remote hypnosis ...?" John was about to burst into hysterical sobs.
I got a big look at him. I knew him well enough to know that he actually believed what he was saying.
Mycroft, who had regained his composure and was once more fully the Professional Politician and Intelligence Man, looked round.
She was someone who knew Sherlock very well, better than his own brother, for she had been close friends with them, and had often been with them ...
Then the little one got himself ready. As he stood in the suit in front of one of the mirrors in the shower rooms, he was charmed by the sight of himself.
A veritable thunderstorm of thoughts, possibilities, options ran in her head. To finally come to the conclusion that, no matter how one spun it, there was only one.
"John, my dear, whoever is behind this. You are now Sherlock's heir. Catch him and bring him to his just punishment."
I planned to just have a nice evening, to dance, flirt and just have a little fun. And afterwards, at home, just to smile mysteriously in response to any questions or comments. I trusted my luck and the fact that Sherlock did not always manage to deduce my emotional state.
"You've got a headache and you feel nauseous. You're thinking about making some coffee before you talk to me. By the way, I would recommend exactly this order, because on the one hand you will have a cup to hold on to, something that always gives you a little security during unpleasant conversations. And for another, you can think more clearly if you drink some caffeine."
When Moriarty realised that Sherlock's death would not mean his death as planned, it had been very annoying at first.
This gave me the opportunity not only to get to the bottom of this USB stick, but also to find out where my own people had gone wrong and who would have to pay for it. And it gave me time to go off on my own and do a few things out of Sherlock's sight.
I even suspected him of having installed a camera at 221B Baker Street. Or at least a bugging device. I had also searched for it thoroughly, but had not found it.
"No, damn it! I'm not all right! In fact, I'm pretty fucked up, Molly! It seems everyone here has been lying to me, you and Sherlock and .... were you planning on telling me the truth at some point?!!"
How he made his deductions to her and realised that what he was doing, contrary to his intention, didn't seem to please Molly.
He winked at me, confident, charming and arrogant in equal measure, and then stepped into the hallway with big strides.
Even when that would mean that sooner or later he would still lose "Sherlock" too. First thing tomorrow he would call Mycroft and ask him for a good therapist. Or no, better, for a good facility, a sanatorium, where he would be given good treatment that would hopefully help him put it all back together and get on with his life again someday.
As if by magic the waiter appeared. When I went to take my wallet out, Mycroft asked me to leave it in the pocket, he'd be glad to pay. But I refused and paid my own share. Or else, that arrogant sod thought I was on some sort of date. That's all I needed, on top of everything else.
Once home, he set to work to find out how Carl Powers had died. It dragged on for a while and I played the nervous John Watson, fearing for the life of the hostage.
So the man who was now standing in one of London's busiest squares, pager in hand, explosive waistcoat around his waist, and who, if Sherlock had failed, would not only have died himself but would have taken dozens of others with him, stuttered into the phone just as awkwardly as the little bitch from the previous case.
But it had been too delicious how he had stood outside her door earlier and tried to make her believe that Mrs Hudson was Moriarty. Mrs. Hudson, of all people!
The next moment he had unbuttoned my pants and I lifted my bottom so he could take them off. He did that, and my underpants were also moved to some corner of the room.
It could not have lasted long. But when he awoke, aware of himself again, "Sherlock" was sitting in the armchair opposite him, looking at him.
I had written this letter myself and I had prepared it myself. I had folded it, sealed it and given it to a messenger who had been instructed to place it in that safe in that flat.
Then I took a deep breath... I was beginning to feel that this was becoming a kind of permanent thing. Should I ever have to fill out a questionnaire again, asking for extra-professional skills among other things, I should write: Breathe deeply. I can do that particularly well now. I have a lot of practice in this.
Now it was not possible to remove it, to paint over it or anything like that, because that would have been noticed even more upon closer examination. So there was only the assumption that no one would notice it anyway, because art experts are not necessarily familiar with astrology ... and who pays attention to such things? and who pays attention to something like that ...
I had managed to get Richard where I wanted him quite quickly. He was eating out of my hand, believed my every word and was prepared to do anything for me, for us, for our "future together" that I would ask of him. Or what Moriarty would ask of him. After all, they were two different people to him.
The trouble was that I, John Watson, was actually John Moriarty, and as such I was inwardly pleased. A wonderfully tricky situation that I would exploit to my advantage.
'This is so beautiful, like a dream,' John thought, 'but the most beautiful thing about it is that it's just not a dream.'
I judged him to be selfish and with quite few scruples. He wouldn't mind kicking others' butts. However, if it was a question of risking his own admittedly very attractive butt, it would be a different matter. And that's exactly what it would come down to.
"Well done, Sherlock," the hostage's voice said tremulously, "you can pick up the little bitch now."
John swallowed. So much trust from the lady who had become like a grandmother to him and really meant a lot to him overwhelmed him a little.
"That's good," he said, in a perfectly businesslike tone. "Because I've been doing some research and I've read that people do things in a relationship to please each other. And I thought, that's one way of putting that idea into practice."
When you thought about it, it was no wonder. The circumstances of Sherlock's death had been anything but ordinary. The aftermath had been chaotic. But also the fact that John had lost Sherlock, the only person who had managed to get him out of his own black hole ... only to have his death plunge him back into it.
And while John was thinking about all this, after the poor fellow had been taken away and the crime scene had been thoroughly examined and then cleared, Lestrade set about the unpleasant task of informing the murdered man's widow.
Well, I would have to put a few people on the kid to watch him and if he made trouble, he would have to leave the stage sooner than planned.
To my reassurance, I found that Mycroft did indeed seem to see only "John Watson" in me and did not see behind the façade. I would try not to come face to face with him too often in the future either; nevertheless, I was optimistic that he wouldn't mess with me.
I had planned to arrange a meeting between him and "Moriarty" after all these cases, of which Sherlock now knew that his arch-rival Moriarty was behind everything.
"Well, that an open relationship, where both partners have the right to seek physical satisfaction outside the relationship, and the concept of fidelity refers solely to the fidelity of heart and mind, is the best solution."
"Don't worry. We're not going to shoot you or anything like that. You can, however, climb the little perimeter wall here. The wall I stood on some time ago and faced death. I wonder what it must have been like for you when I approached you and asked you to help me fake my death ..."
The hair of various small animals on his jacket and the invoice from a pet food wholesaler who did not distribute his goods himself but only supplied them to en-detail retailers. Which proved that he was not simply a pet owner but was in the business of doing so.
Then there are many, their number is immense, who from time to time get commissions and are paid well, without knowing by whom. Who probably, if they knew that their orders came from Moriarty, would be horrified and no longer participate.
And yet, when he'd been at the door just now, asking for her to listen to him because he had something on his mind, she'd let him in without a moment's hesitation, and now she was making him a comforting cup of tea first.
Then I took Sherlock's laptop, which was still open on his desk, and tracked the mobile phone location. The taxi driver drove to the showdown location as instructed. Excellent. Time for me to be on my way.
As I got older, I found that with my talent, that's what I want to call it, I could make a fortune and live very well. I became, as Sherlock Holmes later called me, a Consulting Criminal and built up a worldwide criminal organization for that purpose.
They sat facing each other, both lost in their thoughts, Sherlock in dark thought, John completely in shock.
"So after I was 'dead', I set about dismantling Moriarty's network. It wasn't easy, but that was the reason I stayed in hiding for so long."
To be precise, I was sitting on the bed with my legs spread, my upper body propped up on my arms and my eyes closed. He was kneeling between my legs and had taken my penis into his extremely talented mouth.
So I needed a character who was quite the opposite. Patient to a fault, so people took it from him that he could stand Sherlock.
And so it happened that three days later, for the first time after his shift at the hospital (he had to make a living, after all), he sat at Scotland Yard over a pile of files and reopened the Moriarty case.
"Careful, we're dealing with a bomber here!" said Lestrade, who, for reasons I couldn't fathom, was displaying a kind of protective instinct towards Sherlock.
"Well Dr Watson, if one wants to avoid the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to take unusual measures."
Killing John Watson would have been the easiest thing to do, but ... but where would be the thrill, where would be the suspense? No, it would probably be better to throw another victim at his feet. Someone he could accuse.
"I love you, Sherlock," I said. "And, you know, we'll certainly argue more often. But you won't have to be afraid every time that I'll give up on you. That's not going to happen, okay?"
Sherlock wasn't happy with any of it either. Moriarty had to die, there was no way around it. But he worried what it would do to him and John.
In addition, I had started writing a blog, as recommended by that unspeakable therapist of John Watson.
Damn, I really didn't like this at all. I decided not to loosen his bonds for the time being. For one, I thought he was so helplessly fucking hot, and two, if I actually had to get rid of him it would be a lot easier if he couldn't really fight back. And I was thinking practically.
I sat down. Since he didn't know how I liked my coffee, he'd had extra sugar and milk. I didn't like coffee because, like all civilised Englishmen, I preferred tea. So while I rather reluctantly prepared my coffee, he now had leisure to look at me.
But when I returned from shopping, to my great surprise, the kitchen table was cleared out and clean.
"You're behaving like kindergarten children! I think it is simply more appropriate to rejoice that Sherlock is alive, and apparently well! I certainly do, and by all appearances so does John."
Detectives Inspector Lestrade on the one hand and Mycroft Holmes on the other didn't seem to care, they were both very busy, because Lestrade's people had actually arrested good old Mrs Hudson and were now apparently subjecting her to constant interrogation.
He talked to him, even though he continued to receive no answers. Well, that wasn't quite true, „Sherlock“ answered, but not with words. His eyes, his expression, his gestures, however, were eloquent enough.
Sherlock learned in this conversation, if you want to call it a conversation, why Carl Powers had to die.
I was also the one who kept our living room presentable enough to receive clients without them stumbling right back out again.
Speaking of knowledge - I, John Watson, of course didn't know who was actually standing in front of me.
And the last case, well... I wanted him to see that I, his much-cherished flatmate John Watson, was Moriarty. I wanted him to see it, but would he? Would his mind prevail, his cold calculating mind, or would his heart cloud his senses. This heart that he still claimed he did not possess?
The fake tremor. I had bloody well forgotten about that one. He had actually managed to rattle me, ME!
"I don't know what you're saying, John, it's me, Molly Hooper! John, please, I miss him as much as you do ...!"
"Sherlock, I promise to never again lie or deceive you, right here and now. No matter how much I may have done it for the best, noblest motives. But to always be honest with you and never let my feelings get in the way again."
I remembered that he had once served me well in a large-scale fraud operation, which, by the way, had paid off quite well for me.
When the little bell rings and you know: we're about to step through the door into the festively decorated living room and then the presents will be unwrapped!
He had discovered that the criminal genius had been very, very close to Sherlock. In the very inner circle of people Sherlock trusted, as far as a sociopath like him could trust. Very close, among the people who knew some of his personal habits; who knew what made him tick; who were so close to him that they could feign a certain affection that Sherlock, inexperienced in human emotions, had accepted as such.
Let me know what you think! I will try to update weekly, as I now have time on my hands and the good mood back! :)
“Well,” says the older man nonchalantly, like they’ve just shared a coffee and are parting ways. “Thanks for that. I’ll see what I can do about the present. And don’t worry, your performance was exquisite for a beginner,” he pats Sherlock’s leg. “We’ll be back tomorrow to shave your face. Sweet dreams.” And They’re gone.
John turns to face him, eyes bright, jumper looking as soft as ever, his round face making him the least scary thing he’d ever had to face. Without thinking, Sherlock moves his face towards John’s, eyes fixed on the other man’s lips.
“We can’t change the past,” he says, his voice older and wearier than Sherlock has ever heard it. “Your mother and I are relieved you are safe. After everything that has happened, we must put the past behind us and move forward. We will overcome this as a family. First we must wait for our lawyer to arrive and then we can discuss what must be done with the child.”
The older man smirks. “No, but thank you for saying it.” And They turn to leave. Sherlock is after Them like a hare. He grabs the Witch’s sleeve and receives a punch to the jaw for his efforts. “Please, PLEASE! I’ll do whatever you want, you can do whatever you want with me, anything, I don’t care anymore, I’m begging you,
Mycroft slams his foot into John’s stomach, cutting off his speech and air supply, but not enough to release his grip on him. Before John can let him go Mycroft punches him in the face and he reels back, blood running out of his nose. John stumbles back into his armchair, trying to stop the blood flow. Mycroft leaps up and towers over him, his face terrifying.
The next day, there's a proper funeral. Sherlock has been fitted with a suit, as has John. Jack is there, but stays back with Mrs. Hudson to give Sherlock some space.
Panic errupts. Mycroft's face twists with the emotion of fear that he expresses for the second in five minutes.
“Sherlock, I need you to open your eyes. Can you squeeze my hand? Can you do that for me? Squeeze my hand.”
"Anyway, I'll see you later. I'll text you the time. Take care, John." He's gone before John can laugh at the horror of it all.
“No, John. No. I… I did this. I made this decision. I just wanted the pain to go away… I’m not a good father. Mycroft said… Mycroft said it was my fault they died…”
Sherlock is still trying to process everything he’s just heard. “Jack, his name is Jack. Whatever happens next, he’ll be staying with me.”
He almost collapses to his knees with the effort and his hands are shaking so hard he’s having trouble choking her. He doesn’t hear the door open and is only aware of the older man’s presence as he takes a fist to the jaw. His head clips the edge of Table and he hits the floor hard. He stares at Jack’s School Box and Eggsnake. Desolation and horror flood him and grasp his heart. He’s never going to see his son again. He’s going to be nothing but a curiosity in Jack’s mind and one day Jack will stop thinking about him. He’s going to be nothing more than a question to which no one will know the answer. He’ll be a cold case and a distant memory.
John remembers that first day when he met Sherlock. It took less than six hours for the man to tip his life upside down. For the better he might add. Then with ringing phones and swivelling cameras, he'd met Anthea, and then Mycroft in the warehouse. The man hadn't needed much encouragement to look smug and stare down his nose at Captain Watson. He knew that Mycroft cared about his little brother, put up with his antics and happily participated in all of the staring matches they often got into. Sherlock never saw the despair etched on the elder Holmes' face during those; Mycroft would end him if Sherlock ever found out that his brother had trouble looking into his sightless eyes.
In the end, Jack simply picks out the same meal for Sherlock. Jack carries his own plate back, beaming with pride and seemingly no longer noticing the crowds of people who have finally lost interest and gone back to their own lives. “Look Pa! We brought you a meal.”
“For a while afterwards I felt as though I was being followed. At first I thought my brother had increased his surveillance on me.”
“Sherlock Holmes. We've already established that I know everything about you. And you will follow me. You can't help yourself.” He left the room with grace and ease.
Mycroft reaches out and takes his hand. His own heart is racing, at the thrill of what he is about to do. "I'll run with you."
"I must say," says Mycroft, feeling his heart soar at the sheer power he has in his grasp. The power to save his brother. "I must say that I have come up with 457 different ways to kill you. Both. But then you made it easy." He leans into
Sherlock forgets his dinner, John’s warm hands, including his silent promises and practically runs out the door.
"When I was little, my favourite story was 'Jack and the Beanstalk'. It's about a boy named Jack who climbs up a beanstalk and escapes from giants to help his mother. Have I read you this story?"
He opens his eyes. He’s standing in one of the many rooms of his Mind Palace. It looks just like Room, except it’s empty and stretches as far as the eye can see. Empty asides from the small boy standing not too far in front of him.
In Room, boys always seemed to have short hair on TV. But back then I didn’t know they were real. Then I escaped in the truck and I ran to John, our Somebody, and deduced him. I remember he asked the Monsters if I was their daughter. He told Old Magnussen to put “her” down. He was surprised when I told him my name. John had thought I was a girl too, because he hadn’t observed. Pa would say that John’s an imbecile for not seeing, but uncle Mycroft just said that even big bad guys would get confused. Did I not look like other boys? But uncle Mycroft said it was “uncommon”, not impossible. John read me my dictionary, and it said they are two different words.
Everything stops. A wave of cold emptiness sweeps over him. His mind clears, sharpens, ready for battle. “What did you say?” His voice cuts through the cold, rage turning it to thermal energy.
John's face tenses, along with his shoulders. Sherlock's heart is in his throat. He doesn't know if he can do this.
All of Sherlock’s thoughts come crashing to a halt. “I’m sorry?” he stammers, eyes flicking from one to the other. They sigh.
He hurries down the steps and sees him out. And stares at the door that's keeping him trapped in Sherlock's nightmares. The world is turning without him beyond that door. He doesn't care for it. Not if Sherlock and Jack can't feel it turn with him.
John is still reeling and needs leverage. "He must like you a lot. No wonder he smiles so much around you. Hope that doesn't put
Sherlock carries his sleeping child over to Wardrobe and tucks him in the blankets. He closes the doors and tidies up, making sure Room is spotless, or as much as it can be. Then he sits on the edge of Bed and breathes in regularly, maintaining his calm. Tonight won’t be pleasant. If he has deduced Them correctly, then he has done the right thing. He can only hope he hasn’t harmed Jack by drugging him. The tablets aren’t meant for children.
He shuts the door, but doesn't lock it. He turns the tap and washes his face. Then his eyes land on the razors.
Uncle Mycroft opens and shuts his mouth lots of times. I think I broke him. I wait quietly until he knows what he wants to say.
“It's a panda.” she explains. “I know it's round like the moon, but it seemed age appropriate. It also works as a hot water bottle.”
Thank you for all your wonderful comments and support, it means the world to me. I hope you all like this chapter. Clock's ticking!
Sherlock tosses his brush into the bucket full of hot water in frustration. “You shouldn’t be listening to that, Jack.”
I try to deduce. The laptop means work, so perhaps a country has stopped his invasion? Or perhaps something to do with Pa? No, Pa isn’t work. But he used that laptop to keep evidence about Room and the Monsters. Perhaps Lestrade has sent him more work?
Sherlock has a stick that he never uses. John knows that he doesn’t want to be seen as handicapped or a liability. His job relies heavily on his public image and while Sherlock isn’t Matt Murdock, he certainly wants to appear professional. John has said little on the matter. It’s not his job to boss Sherlock around, he’ll leave that to Mycroft thank you very much. It’s a sore subject that he feels he has no right to step into. Besides, the sibling rivalry is hilarious, particularly the staring matches in which Sherlock performs admirably considering his disability; and John often sits there, looking into the gleeful face of the younger Holmes and the saddened one of Mycroft, because the elder Holmes struggles to look into the eyes of his blind brother. John has yet to find out why. Maybe it’s simply because Sherlock cannot see him.
John knows that he mustn't give the wrong message when interacting with Sherlock. Too emotionally scarred to have any sort of relationship, John knows that he is treading on delicate territory and must be constantly aware of how he acts around both Sherlock and Jack. Not to grab Sherlock from behind, no shouting in front of Jack, no accidental loss of temper. John is just glad to be a part of their family unit. Life was so much brighter than it had been a couple of months ago. It meant the world to be Jack's somebody.
The line goes dead. The phone slips from his fingers. He picks Jack up and carries him over to the couch. Then he remembers what Sherlock said about his brother. He goes to window and looks down. There on the pavement in the rain, umbrella still used as a cane, is Mycroft, apparently trying to freeze himself to death. John goes back to his phone and dials another number.
And John. Soft and warm John. He tries to defend Sherlock and Sherlock is certain of his feelings. So he tries to kiss him. This backfires horribly. John says that they’re just friends won’t look at him anymore. He thinks back to how John was always hugging him and now he’s ruined everything. John said he didn’t judge him for anything that happened in Room, but that obviously wasn’t true. John pities him. He’d rather John blame him for the death of his children. Which he probably did too.
Plucking the phone from John's immobile hand, he felt the writing engraved on the cover. Not having finished impressing the newcomer, he didn't notice how quiet the room had become.
He sees John scoop up Jack and carry him to the car. Did Jack run to John? He must have done. Why would his son want a careless man, a bad decision maker for a father?
Rapping at the door. "Sherlock, everything okay in thereI do apologize if what I said at the funeral hurt you..."
“I know you’re not. And so does John, your father and several other people. But he wouldn’t. With your long hair he would just assume you are a girl, since it is uncommon for boys to have long hair. He wouldn’t understand and the surprise would be ruined by his confusion. And finally, I have no intention of telling him about Lestrade and whatever it was you were insinuating.” He stands up. “I’ll be back one this mess is sorted. Good day.” He walks out, his umbrella tapping the floor.
Arriving at the crime scene, John and Sherlock slip into their usual routine. As a police officer lifts the tape, John gently pulls Sherlock’s head low enough so he can duck under it. He then waits until Sherlock has taken off his left glove before they approach the body. Standing at his left, he takes Sherlock’s hand and shows him what he can see.
“Here,” says John, holding out his arms, “You need medical attention. Let me take Jack. I’ll stay right here, I promise.”
“How desperate are you for me to save your son? No matter how hard I’ve tried, I’ve never succeeded in making you say ‘please” before. It’s almost embarrassing for me really.” He curls his lip and gives Sherlock a mocking smile. “Say please.”
Realizing he'd been staring for far too long, he releases John's finger, heart racing and a blush developing on his cheeks. John doesn't notice and suggests tea. Sherlock stands on wobbly legs, his heart pounding, feeling like he's had one of the greatest epiphanies of his life and he had yet to understand it.
"I'm only here for a minute," he says once they've exchanged pleasantries. "I've still got work to do. Just wanted to tell you that I need to interview Sherlock again. Not now," he adds as John tenses, "this afternoon. The lawyers are putting on the pressure and we have new evidence. Evidence that says Sherlock hasn't told the entire story yet."
"They have confirmed the cause of death for William and Charlotte. I must go. We can have a funeral in two days. I'll have a suit made for you. Take care of yourselves."
Sherlock can’t believe it; he knew, deep down he knew, but hearing it is… “Are you sure? Are you sure?”
"You two need something?" enquires Lestrade with a hiss, shifting his hips a little. Mycroft, desperately trying to hold himself still, gasps and closes his eyes.
“Jack!” snaps Sherlock, “forget Mycroft for a moment and just listen. I’m going to tell you a story, okay? Just listen,” he takes a deep breath. “A long time ago, when I was little, I wanted to be a detective.”
Sherlock’s breath is warm against Jack’s cheek. Then he sits back and holds up Soft Ball between them. "Lift up your top. There’s one more thing we have to do.”
The door closes behind Them. Sherlock leaps to his feet and bangs on it desperately, his right leg stretched out behind him as Chain refuses to let him get closer to the exit. Jack watches him silently. Sherlock eventually collapses onto the floor and buries his face in his hands. He’d been so sure. He’d been
Sherlock picks up his hand and links their fingers, his eyes set on the ceiling. “I saw you,” he replies, “and the stars.” He rolls towards John and buries his face in his neck.
Sherlock twiddles his thumbs nervously. “Yes, I have a father… and a mother. A mother is a lady. I grew inside her tummy before I was born.”
“Do you mind?” Sherlock's voice snapped him out of his thoughts. Muttering an apology, he held out his phone, when Sherlock suddenly placed large, elegant hands on either side of his face. He flinched once more at the contact.
Sherlock nods and returns the smile. A man steps up to them and greats John with a nod of his head and reaches out to shake Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock stares and can’t quite remember what he’s supposed to do. He glances at John who gives him an encouraging nod and Sherlock shifts Jack’s weight onto his left arm to shake his hand. The doctor introduces himself as Mike Stamford and takes Sherlock’s appearance in with no pity in his eyes, only professionalism.
Sherlock rubs his face in frustration. “No, Jack. The people we deduce on TV, they’re real. Room is inside Appledore. Room isn’t just a room, Jack. Room is a vault. We’re being locked and kept in a vault. That’s why only They can open the door.”
They pause and stare at Sherlock who’s shaking and crying on his knees. Their eyes drift to the rolled up Rug.
Sherlock stiffens like he’s been electrocuted and John’s angry all over again. He rounds on Donovan like an angry bull, but is stopped by Sherlock gripping his hand tighter.
"It's the Queen." replies John. The man he's no longer threatening looks relieved. John honest to God hopes the Queen throws her crown at him for his insolence.
"It's Pa's." he whispers and John can barely hear him. "But you can borrow it." His entire head is visible as well as his right arm. He's holding his own smaller sword. "Play?" he asks, looking a little more confident.
“Look, I know how ignorant people can be and I'm surprised that they trust you even though you're blind.” Get to the point. Sherlock hates unfinished sentences.
“Well after that, I wanted to be a detective. But not an ordinary detective, no, I wanted to be a consulting detective, the first one in the world. The only one in the world. I was going to invent the job. But to start, I had to solve a case. My first one didn’t go as well as planned. A boy drowned in a swimming pool, which is like a bath but bigger, but his shoes were missing. I talked with the police, but no one listened to me,” his expression was faraway and wistful. “I never did get to solve it. I imagine it’s still a cold case. But anyway, I didn’t give up my dream. I started putting out ads, talking to people, trying to get someone to notice me, to let me solve their problems. And one day, a woman contacted me from America. She’d heard about me through her sister and she needed my help. She wanted me to prove that her husband was guilty of the crime he was on trial for. He was abusive and she wanted him to be executed, to get him out of her life.” Again, his smile was wistful. “Mrs. Hudson was a lovely lady. It took me two months, but eventually I found the evidence necessary and long story short, Mr. Hudson received the death sentence. And I was in the newspaper and all other media for my exploits. I’d proven everyone wrong, especially my family. I could do it.”
Seeing that Jack is speaking to Mycroft, he hits dial. A nurse picks up at the other end and he asks for Sherlock. Beads of sweat form on his brow. He doesn’t usually bend under pressure, but if this conversation goes wrong, Sherlock will never want to see him again.
“Careful! He’s been through enough already, take it easy! Sherlock, it’s okay, we’ll be as gentle as possible, just squeeze my hand when it gets too much, yeah? How bad are his injuries?”
I run to her door so I can go and show John. Then I remember my book, Mrs. Hudson at the picnic, buying me a present, taking care of me and loving Pa like her own family. I remember what she said about family. I think about what she means to me. I know what I have to do.
John re-ran the conversation through his head. “So when you said that you understood the killer had taken her suitcase, was that your way of thanking me?”
I AM STILL ALIVE!!! THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT WITH THIS STORY; IT'S A PLEASURE TO WRITE IT.
“My name is John, I'm your friend. Our landlady and Jack are with us. Your brother dropped us off at a field, there's a picnic waiting for us and you
Jack starts to cry. “Room isn’t stinky! Room is everything! I don’t believe in you or your STINKY WORLD!” he shouts, throwing one last look of spite at his Pa, before storming over to Wardrobe and locking himself in.
“I think he loves you, Sherlock. I think he wants to protect you from the world because he failed before. But he works in a controlling environment where everything has to be just as he wants it. And he was raised by your so called ‘parents’. A recipe for disaster if you ask me. Not to mention he’s been acting strange these past two days.”
Opposite him, Anthea allows him to vent his frustration. He's done this ever since his brother had been found. Having the car re-upholstered daily was slowly becoming tedious.
“All your school books, toys, pirate outfit for Jack, journals, everything that was yours. Including what you asked for.” He holds out a large envelope.
you.” He feels his way down John’s torso, slips his fingers the waistband of his pants and shucks them off in one fluid movement. John doesn’t have time to think as Sherlock expertly flips them over and slides down so he can wrap his hand around John’s arousal. John arches off the bed and begs Sherlock to get a move on.
Sherlock stares at him sadly. “I have to, Jack. Let’s just say Chain knows if I haven’t and he’ll get tighter. But that’s not the problem.”
Fingers press against his neck and tries to push them away. Why couldn’t he just die? Was it too much to ask?
Sometimes in life, a man’s got to do what a man’s got to do. And in this case, a man’s got to grow a pair and speak up before he dies prematurely of spontaneous combustion.
“He is. Forgive me, I am simply distracted. It’s almost three o’clock, if you want to call Sherlock, now would be the best time to do it. Do you have the number?”
“Jack,” he gasps, “oh, Jack, I love you, I love you so much, I’m so proud of you.” He runs towards him and there’s no chain on his leg. Jack meets him halfway and they embrace. Then they look at his freed leg.
I tiptoe past the Somebody and make my way downstairs. I still have to go down slowly one at a time, but I don’t have to bounce down on my bottom anymore. I’m hungry, so I decide to go and have some breakfast.
But the good feeling is still clouded by anger. “You punched John and scared Jack.” It may have been a week ago, but they haven’t spoken until now.
The man smiles at Jack and reaches out to shake Sherlock’s hand. “John Watson. Glad to see you’re safe. You must be Sherlock.”
If They somehow get away and end up beck here, then Sherlock is… Well, things won’t end well for him. They’ll blame him for everything and the punishment will be severe. But Jack will be safe. That’s better than the predicted outcome he had just a day ago. This is better than Jack sleeping in Wardrobe for the rest of his life.
John blinks, surprised. That one time in the hopspital seemed bad enough. Right before Sherlock's Episode From Hell. They'd stopped because it had become too much for both the Holmes brothers. John pulls a face at the memory and Lestrade nods.
"If your Pa wants to know, I'm sure he'll deduce it himself. Now come on, all this deducing and swashbuckling piracy has made me hungry."
They glare at each other, breathing harshly, aware of the silence around them. “I don’t like your story,” whines Jack, “Tell me another one.”
There's an awkward pause. John blinks. Mrs. Hudson beams. “And you must be Jack!” she exclaims, peering behind Sherlock.
Lestrade stops the rubbing motion but keeps his hands covering his face. "Sometimes," he says, voice gruff and thick with emotion, "sometimes there are cases so horrific that even as someone merely investigating, you can't help but look at everyone in the street and wonder who has people locked up in a basement." His hands slide away from his face and his red rimmed eyes bore into John's. "Sometimes, no matter what your involvement in the case, you know you're going to have nightmares for a very long time. This one will haunt me to my grave. And what I feel is nothing compared to what Sherlock is going through." He looks away and swallows. "Hell, you're having to live with it."
It’s messy. They get flour everywhere and it takes a while to clean up afterwards. Jack kneels on a chair and washes up whilst Sherlock cleans the floor and dusts off Rug. A delicious smell soon circulates around Room. After checking the cake multiple times, Sherlock eventually smiles.
Stamford smiles unpatronizingly and scribbles some notes. "Excellent, that's brilliant news. Okay, all yours, detective."
Jack stares at it uncomprehendingly and whispers in his Pa's ear. Sherlock chuckles. “That's because it's wrapped up. You have to take the red paper off. We'll do it together.”
He reaches out to Sherlock who flinches away from him back towards John. Sherlock is too tired to deduce anyone’s intentions, but Jack trusts John. Therefore, he can trust John too. They make their way slowly to the lift, ignoring everyone’s stares and whispers, the other patients and visitors pointing at TV screens and muttering excitedly. Soon they are standing in a private room, but Sherlock can’t see very well. He blinks against the onslaught of light that appears to bother no one else. He’s vaguely aware of John talking and some of the lights are turned off. He looks around. The room is large, or at least, larger than what he’s used to and he sees two beds side by side set up near to the bathroom. He’s guided over to the beds and someone tells him to put down Jack. Put down Jack? When hell freezes over.
Sherlock drops a cereal packet onto the table. “Yes, I get it,” he grumbles. They take their usual chairs and sit down, Jack pulling up one of his legs and tucking it under his body. They face each other, as they always do, twenty-four hours every day.
Sherlock cleared a few spaces, knowing where everything was amongst this disaster of a lounge. John did not wish to impose by trying to help him, for he felt it would not be appreciated. So when Sherlock froze mid-motion and darted towards the window, leaping over stacks of books with a maniacal grin on his face, John's heart thudded in excitement.
But John doesn’t want to lose what he has already has with Sherlock. Their friendship is too important to him. But he cannot pretend forever either. He’s just going to have to be brave and say it.
John nods and says nothing more. Stamford eventually leaves after Sherlock has taken his pills and the two of them sleep through the night, side by side on the couch. Jack and Mrs. Hudson find them wrapped around each other the next morning.
John squares his shoulders. “Right. Now that I've been appointed your doctor, I'm going to make a change to a few things, starting with your antibiotics. You, Sherlock Holmes, are not going to lose your leg. Not on my watch.”
They hold hands all the way back to Baker street and the cabbie’s driving is as bad as Hope’s. John always remembers their first case fondly, but right now all he can think about is Sherlock’s rapid breathing and the way his eyes are shining as they stare dead ahead of him. He’s beautiful in the light of the street lamps and John falls in love with him all over again. Sherlock turns his head towards him and his eyes rest on John’s chest. He cups Sherlock’s chin and raises his face until their eyes almost meet. He’s made Sherlock feel, but now he almost wishes he could make Sherlock see him. He recalls how Sherlock touched his face the first time they met, his fingers tracing the stubble on John’s cheeks and he realises that perhaps Sherlock has already seen him.
“I’ll tell them that he’s my son,” grits out Sherlock. “I’ll tell them that he’s my son and that I love him.”
“Not physically! What if Sherlock refuses, wants to do things on his own? He’s not sixteen anymore, Mycroft!”
John doesn't know how to approach the William Problem, but he convinces himself to let it be. Mycroft took note but hasn't mentionned it, only asking for Sherlock's precise actions as he ran across that field. Then he called Lestrade and left.
Sherlock knows it’s a rhetorical question. He’s curious however, as to what his brother did to Mrs. Lestrade. “Ringed seals.” He states confidently.
Sherlock's fingers tie themselves in knots in John's jumper as he drags them all the way back to the main entrance.
“It matches your eyes,” grins John and fidgets when everyone stares at him. “I mean, uh, it looks good on you. Suits you. Eyes and cheekbones and all that.” he swallows. “I'll shut up now.”
“Lots of lines from trauma and sun, so late thirties or early forties. Hair cut regularly, military, most likely grey or getting there. Your limp is psychosomatic because you're leaning the wrong way, as if you're not always aware of it. This I can tell from the position of your shoulders and this usually occurs in people readjusting to life. So, you're a soldier and from your age and behavior I would say captain. Bullet wound, tremors in the left hand and yet...” He clasped John's clammy hand between his own. “It's gone now. Your psychiatrist is wrong. You need danger. Fire her.”
. John is slightly concerned that the British government will snap and get a headache, but Mycroft patiently answers all the questions fired at him. Glancing at Sherlock, he smiles when he realizes he has fallen asleep.
Sherlock stares at his feet. Answering will be like shattering glass and then they’ll all have to walk on the shards. Perhaps if he says nothing, it’ll all go away. That seems to be the sort of thing that Jack would say.
Lestrade sighs, but maintains eye contact with the younger. "I said there was one grave. Two bodies."
“Don’t you see? We won’t have to trick Them because you really are ill, you can go to hospital to get better and once you’re there, you can shout “help, police!” and then we’ll be safe. They’ll be back this evening, tonight’s our best and only chance.”
The small boy stares at his panda. “Thank you.” he whispers, before burying his face in his Pa's chest. Sherlock kisses the top of his head and wraps the scarf around his own neck. “ I love it, Mrs. Hudson,” he smiles. “Now I just need a good coat to go with it.”
Uncle Mycroft turns slowly to face me. He looks sad, but he is also trying to hide how he feels. “No, Jack. Lestrade is taking a slight… vacation.”
It only takes a couple of minutes to calm down. Mycroft watches him sadly. Lestrade makes a show of putting his files and equipment away, giving him privacy. Stamford hasn't returned. Perhaps Jack woke up.
"Anderson figured it out." Lestrade's voice is quiet, too quiet. "That strip light that kept blinking; it was sharing power with a small camera, hidden next to it. We were in Magnussen's bedroom, and Philip switched on the TV. Camera had a direct feed into it. It also recorded everything."
"See something you like, John?" baring his teeth in a nightmare of a grin. Mycroft's head snaps toward John and he
His parents take a slightly longer look at the screaming and scrambling pair before they step back. Then the digger roars to life and scoops up mud and soil. The screaming and pleading get louder. Mycroft stares down at them, the lights from the machines shining down on him, making him appear larger than life in the artificial light. Mary Morstan screams up at him, her eyes mad. They're nothing like Jack's.
I have a hard think. “Do you want me to talk to your bad guy for you? Tell him you miss Lestrade petting your hands and to leave you alone?”
Violet Holmes sighs. “We thought your disappearance had something to do with drugs. It was the easiest thing to tell everyone. It was the only thing that would get the police off our backs. It wasn’t very hard to convince them.”
Lestrade rubs his back and keeps walking towards the exit, and out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock can see that the detective is shedding tears of his own. Sherlock can’t deduce why. He just focuses on putting one foot in front of the other so as not to be carried out. After what feels like an eternity, they go up a flight of stairs, through a living room and they’re facing the front glass doors.
Mycroft receives a text after an hour and a half. Or at least, Anthea does. He didn't want to leave his brother, but he couldn't refuse a chat with the Queen. She was technically his boss. Anthea purses her lips and looks at him.
John puts down his breakfast and approaches the tinfoil made object. A sword, so perfectly scrunched together it could be described as beautiful. He glances at Jack and big brown eyes watch him. He picks up the handmade weapon, clearly meant for the finest of pirates.
"He doesn't like his brother very much." explains John, hoping the man will just forget he ever saw the one and only Consulting Detective behave this way. Then Sherlock manages to open the door and tumbles out of the cab, landing flat on his face with a loud squawk.
“Don’t you fucking dare,” he snarls, “I told you the other night: You have me. You have all of me. Hell, you practically own me. A terrified, crying child won’t interest you. A man you hand-selected and snatched off the street will. Do what you want with me. Do what you’ve always done with me. I’ll be far more entertaining.”
For a second, Mycroft can't be sure he isn't imagining things. Water pours over the edge of the bath slowly turning red. Sherlock lays in it, head tipped back, skin unnaturally white. His eyes are closed, but he looks stressed, even asleep. A razor blade, stained crimson, lies on the floor where he dropped it.
Jack runs into his Pa's arms crying and John knows they've still got a long way to go. They've made good progress though.
They head back to the lounge where Mycroft sits as still as a snake ready to strike. Jack glares at his storybook like it's somehow offended him.
"The girl, Charlotte, died from suffocation, like your brother stated. The footage Anderson found today proves it. The boy, William, has a crushed pelvis, like something or someone heavy was on top of him."
He’d wanted to make Sherlock feel. Maybe he’d felt it all along. Without thinking, he spins back around to face Sherlock, grabs his head and pulls him down for a kiss. Sherlock makes a startled sound, but John doesn’t even feel remotely apologetic. He just sucks happily at Sherlock’s bottom lip, taking full advantage of his height and tries to make himself taller by standing on tip toe, so as not to hurt Sherlock’s back. He’s vaguely aware of Anderson making gagging sounds, of half a dozen officers muttering “It’s about time”, and of Lestrade roaring with laughter, which quickly turns to a noise of protest as John drags Sherlock away from the crime scene, back under the tape and out of the alley to find a taxi. They pay no heed to Lestrade’s calls. They’ll solve the case tomorrow.
There’s the sound of movement and Chain rattles as Pa approaches. The clonk as something is put down in front of him.
John turns back and raises his gun towards the man in question. He notices the look of panic that strikes the royal family member's face.
Stretching out a trembling limb, he reaches for his brother slowly, unsure of the reaction he will get. Mycroft strides across the distance between them and grips his shoulders, himself uncertain as to how to act, now that the moment he has dreamt of for so long has finally arrived. Sherlock tries to conceal his emotions, but he was never any good at hiding from his brother. Shaking like a leaf, tears welling up, he hopes he won’t cry in front of this man so full of himself and authority.
"The ambulance is here, you need to let him go John, they need to work on him. You need to let him go."
Two down. He's the only one forgotten about in this chaos. Seven insurgents surround them. Air slips silently between his lips. They don't pay him any attention, too focused on cuffing his brothers in arms. He looks up the tall one nearest to him. He will have to take him down quick if he wants to disarm him. He can't get captured. Not again. Her lowers his hands slowly. On the ground besides him he spots a large rock, small enough to throw, yet big enough to damage. Possibly a piece of rubble. His gun presses against his spine, where it's tucked down the back of his trousers. He's glad he had the foresight to hide it.
“Jack!” he exclaims and turns back to the small boy. “Jack, look, it’s uncle Mycroft. It’s okay, I promise. Mycroft, this is my son, he helped me escape. His name is Jack.”
Jack frowns, his five year old face scrunching up to become the picture of adorableness. "They smell like each other and one time they were in the kitchen uncle Mycroft was smiling with both hands."
From the corner of his eye, he can see Stamford lean forward. "But I know now that there's nothing for me to understand. I will never know why she did any of this and what his involvement was, but They enjoyed it and I know that what happened wasn't right and it wasn't my fault."
He shuffles closer until they’re pressed chest to chest. Sherlock’s breathing is now erratic and John would be concerned if he didn’t think he was about to die prematurely from a heart attack. That would be most embarrassing.
Sherlock winces and sits on the edge of the bed. “Jack, do you remember the story I told you about how I wanted to be a detective? This is the lady I was telling you about. This is Mrs. Hudson. Why don't you say hello?”
John blinks. "Afghanistan, sir." He frowns. Prince Charles flickers briefly to reveal a younger man before returning.
The smaller man blinked rapidly, to hide his confusion. Not that it worked. “I'm sorry, where are we going?”
Sherlock’s sure it’s a ruse. He calls the boy Jack, because it’s the most boring and common name he can think of, yet somehow he believes Jack might be able to defeat the giants. Sometimes she will make threats about using Jack if he doesn’t obey her, but she never actually carries them out.
Mike twiddles his thumbs nervously. “I know that, but he’s never been in contact with most of the germs we are used to, he will need time to adapt to people, the outside, sunlight in particular and he’s a bit small for his age, probably due to lack of nourishment. There may be other things too.”
“Vitamin!” he squeals, holding it up like a trophy, before popping it into his mouth. Sherlock smiles at him, then winces as he takes a bite of breakfast and cups his jaw, groaning. Jack watches him with all the concern of a five-year-old.
They approach Bed where father and son stare up at Them fearfully. Old Magnussen puts his hand on Jack’s forehead. Sherlock glares at Him, warning Him to keep his distance. Jack squeezes his eyes shut.
“I know what you meant. I'll follow you in a taxi.” The detective nodded gratefully, probably more to himself and left.
“Here we go. Let’s cross the road,” they take two steps forward, “Now we turn right down this alley and we reach another road. We have to watch out for cars. Look left, look right and we cross. Through the park, can you see the squirrels in the trees? Look out!” They jump to one side.
Mycroft says nothing and Sherlock soon understands that he is expected to get himself back under control and quickly. He takes a deep breath and leans away from him, mumbling “sorry” under his breath. Mycroft clears his throat and pulls back the top of Sherlock’s gown to get a better look at his injuries. Sherlock tries not to flinch. Then he remembers.
I nod, because I feel too sick to speak. I close my eyes tight shut and hope that she’s right. Then she tugs my hair and there’s a loud SNIP SNIP SNIP! And suddenly I feel something’s missing. Then she pushes something hairy into my hand and I look. My ponytail! I reach back to check and it’s definitely not on my head anymore. She tells me to sit still and she finishes. I keep my eyes open now. I wish I could see but the mirror is too high. She gets my cut hair everywhere and I laugh because it’s all wet and tickly. She rubs it dry and brushes it for me. Then she gets a small mirror and holds it up.
John spies on the gorgeous git for the rest of the day. He becomes unnaturally jealous when Sherlock strokes the corpse of a victim like a lover when he’s trying to the determine the cause of death, while Molly relays everything she can see to him. All these feelings are very embarrassing and he’s certain Sherlock knows something is wrong, because Sherlock
"How can you say that?" he jumps, not realizing he'd said it all outloud. John stares at him, shaking his head, face red and blotchy. " How can you say that? You didn't kill him, you're not the monster... what they did... if I could get my hands on them, I would..."
John and Sherlock stay on the floor for another three hours until John's leg spasms and Sherlock can't feel his backside. They get up and sit on the couch. Still nothing is said.
“I know a lot of the staff here,” he says, “I friend of mine, his name is Mike, he’s a psychiatrist here, you’ll be most at ease with him.”
John mutters quietly and goes to clear up the mess he made in the kitchen. I eat my sandwiches silently. I go to my Mind Palace to think.
I want to have a hard think and I don’t know what ‘criteria’ is, but I didn’t come here to talk about this, so I stash it in my Mind Palace on the shelf next to the information about Pa and John. “Do I look like a girl?”
Be aware, if John's panic attack caused by PTSD is a bit odd, its because he's been drugged by whoever they arrested.
If only She had known that Jack looked nothing like her. Seeing him only would have made her realise what a failure She was.
“You’ll be fine. I’ll be talking to you in your head the whole time. Truck, Wriggle out, Jump, Deduce, Somebody. Do you think you can do that?”
“If it helps you recover then I will. But not today. When you are better prepared. When you are well enough to look down on them and to not be scared of them.”
"He doesn't like his brother very much." explains John, hoping the man will just forget he ever saw the one and only Consulting Detective behave this way. Then Sherlock manages to open the door and tumbles out of the cab, landing flat on his face with a loud squawk.
Jack is soon set up with headphones and the adults take a seat in the center of the room. Sherlock sits with his back to his son, but he knows everyone will get up if there's the slightest sign of trouble. He presses the palms together and hopes this won't take too long. No one has said anything about what they might discuss. He knows John heard him scream in the field, but hopefully he'll have kept that to himself. There's nothing to add to that anyway.
His eyes droop shut. He reaches out blindly and finds John’s hand. “Thank you. You can’t possibly imagine what you’ve done.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at his brother. He'd been twenty-three when Sherlock had been taken. So young and inexperienced himself. The kidnapping changed him too. Behind Mycroft, Stamford stands and hurries to Jack's side. Footsteps leave heading towards their shared bedroom and Sherlock calms instantly. He takes a deep stuttering breath, anguish threatening to overwhelm him. Oh god.
Old Magnussen steps forward and shoves him roughly aside. Sherlock watches with wide eyes as They unroll Rug. “Please,” he whispers, “please don’t make me look at the body. I don’t want to remember him like that, you’re not allowed to touch him…”
“No, I need to see… I need to see them with my own eyes. Take me to the morgue…” his voice starts slurring again, as the tablets kick in. He’s
The sound of footsteps making their way up the seventeen steps snaps John into action and he hurries to put the kettle on and gets back to the door before the detective can knock.
Sherlock sits down next to Jack and rubs the palm of his hands together to keep them warm. He shivers in his thin T-shirt. “I’ve never told you my name, Jack. I’m called Sherlock. My surname is Holmes.”
Jack runs to to his sword. "I will never surrender!" he cries and John has never seen him this happy. And then Jack stabs his shoulder and suddenly he can taste Afghanistan and there's screaming,
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. The picture isn't a body, it's of the grave before we dug it. Please, Sherlock, I want these monsters away until they die, but for that I need you to look at the picture."
John glances down at the small boy. He’s still shaking but appears to be falling asleep. “Yes, he’s just exhausted from all the fuss.”
“A panda is like a bear, but black and white; the moon is round and comes out in the sky at night and a hot water bottle keeps people warm in bed,” says Sherlock, without a pause. “I'll explain later. Are you going to help me open mine?”
Everything’s good when she puts washes my hair and puts me on a chair in front of the mirror. Then she brings the scissors over and I feel sick. “Is it going to hurt?”
Mycroft reaches out and grips his knee; their eyes lock. “You cannot change what has happened. I wish I could change our parents. I wish I could take away all the horror you endured at the monsters’ hands. But I wouldn’t swap Jack for anything the world. Whilst I wish he had been born under happier circumstances, I wouldn’t want a world without him, or you. Or John. Even Mrs. Hudson, despite the fact that she has taken a liking to beating me with her handbag every time she sees me, since I punched John in the face.”
John wants to cry. None of this is fair. And to think that without their pain, he'd still be on Harry's couch, trying not to upset her and thinking that he was the unluckiest man alive. "Stamford's on his way, right?"
John starts to walk away, but Violet Holmes calls out to him. “Doctor Watson, would you watch the child for a moment?” She turns to Sherlock. “We would like to speak to you alone,” she tells him.
“Yes, yes, far too much.” He tried pushing back the memories, not wanting more memories that night. But he couldn't deny that the more he remembered, the more lonely and homesick he felt. This made no sense at all. Or at least, that's what he tried to convince himself. “Enough for a lifetime.”
“No, Jack, you’re talking about yourself, remember? You say ‘My father and I have been locked in a vault in Appledore.’”
“I told you you couldn’t lock him up, couldn’t control him, so you went and said that?” His voice sounds manic and slightly deranged, alien even to his own ears. “He didn’t want you to control his life, so you decided to break him! Did your precious Mummy tell you to do that? Hm? Made her proud have you? You piece of-“
John struggles to reach his own pocket with Sherlock climbing all over his lap and eventually manages to obtain his wallet. Looking at the cabbie, the man is watching Sherlock with a look of high amusement on his face and smirks at John when they make eye contact. John flushes.
Sherlock can’t block out the words like “malnutrition”, “abuse”, and “rape kit”. Gentle hands guide him to lie down on the bed. More doctors come in and they examine him, checking him over like he’s something to be poked at under the microscope. He loses all sense of time and stares blankly at the ceiling, simply answering ‘yes’ to all their questions, no matter what they’re asking for. Eventually, most of them leave. A nurse passes him a fresh pair of underpants and helps him slip them on. He glances over her shoulder and catches his reflection in the mirror. It’s a good thing Jack had been asleep before. He looks awful. There are ugly bruises all over his body, his sickly pale complexion making them stand out all the more. He’s far too skinny, his skin stretched over his bones. How is he ever going to overcome this? He runs his hands over his shaved head, his hair slightly shorter than John’s and all he can see is Them. They’ve left their mark on him. He’ll put on weight, his hair will grow back and the bruises will fade but this image will be burned forever in his memory. No matter how hard he tries, he knows this is something he’ll never be able to delete.
“Because… that’s his name, his first name… never mind. Anyway, they’re dating. Jack figured it out. Or at least they were. But Greg’s staying away for a bit. He could only see you all as work, and he needed a break so that it wouldn’t upset their relationship.”
He tickles Jack as revenge for the amount of poking he has suffered for the past twenty minutes and Jack squeals, delighted. They end up rolling all over the floor, both laughing loudly and John eventually hears the sound of Sherlock heading towards them.
Moriarty smiled and turned back to the corpse lying here, naked, pale, waiting for further attention.
However, to portray a criminal mastermind playing a harmless gay man who in turn hides his gayness ... this multi-layered acting and in front of the seeing eye of a Sherlock Holmes ... that was a real achievement.
Sherlock Holmes walked slowly towards Molly. The young woman looked at him from wide, startled eyes, and the amazement on her face seemed genuine.
When I arrived at one o'clock sharp in front of the Red Dragon, Mycroft was already standing there, leaning on his umbrella. It was so typical, I couldn't help smiling.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. He could see something was wrong, but he didn't understand what. OK, how could he?
I took the opportunity to start an argument with him that would give me the chance to leave the flat in a rage. We shouted at each other, I accused him of being absolutely impossible and of trampling on my patience.
"Your war is lost, Molly," Sherlock said. "That pretty little head of yours won't be concocting any more crimes in the future."
My breath was heavy. It took a while before I was able to perceive my surroundings halfway clear again.
"That was easy. The same old game. The two torturers there were as easy for me to read as a children's book. They couldn't stand each other, and it was a matter of minutes to find out that one was sleeping with the other's wife and the other already suspected it ... I stirred up the animosities between the two of them and then I confided in him that he was right in his suspicions. Feelings, Molly, feelings ... superfluous and tiresome, aren't they?"
I considered my options. Sit on him, push him down with my weight and smother him with the second pillow. Yes, that would probably be the easiest thing to do. Oh, and I so hated getting my own hands dirty.
After all, I intended to serve him more false leads. First and foremost... Richard Brook. My sweet little Richard, who at that moment was waiting for his cue in a flat near the Bart.
"You son of a bitch. This is the end of you. You're going to die, one way or another. But you can have it easy or I can hurt them. So WHO IS IT?!"
First there was "Moriarty". I would need someone who would credibly embody "Moriarty" for Sherlock and not only for Sherlock, but for the world, so to speak.
But I know them, have mastered them and am able to adapt where it seems beneficial to my intentions.
Well, certainly not. He was not an intelligent mind. He was stupid, like most people who didn't think of themselves as stupid but undoubtedly were. And he would be so easy to fool ...
Oh no. I didn't actually mean Mycroft and his equally razor-sharp mind. Nor the fact that, since he worked for the government, he probably had one or two options available to him.
So, while Sherlock seemed to be busy with other things, I had gone off and on to solve this puzzle. It was quite simple. I had spoken to the fiancée, to Westie's superiors, to some friends ... and quickly found out what had happened.
The next surprise came. I was at work, I had just had a short break, when my mobile phone started to receive text messages again. I swallowed. Lately, as soon as it did, or as soon as someone called me, I always had a bad feeling.
"She was brilliant. Well, not as brilliant as me, but no one is. And yes, she was cruel, cold as ice, brutal ... but she was genius."
I had been out of the house. As I stepped onto the stairs in the hallway of 221B, I heard gunshots. Was it supposed to be...? I ran up the stairs.
"I guess I underestimated your affection for me, John. Underestimated how much you would grieve for me, and for that I am sorry. I learned that you were getting worse and worse. And so I saw fit to run the rest of it with you out of Baker Street base of operations. The network is almost broken, and together we will now find out where Moriarty is hiding."
In healthy grief, this phase eventually turns into a phase of understanding and deep despair, a despair that is painful and bad and lasts for varying lengths of time, but since it is well-founded and stands on solid planks, life and everyday routine, love and the joy of life have the chance to transform it at some point into a dull grief and finally into a grief that only exists in the background, so that one can be happy and laugh again.
However, that changed over time; he fell in love with me in his very own Sherlockian way, even though he had always claimed not to have a heart, which, if I may say so, is of course complete nonsense.
"Dr Watson, if you are indeed moving into ...," he pulled out a small notebook, "221 B Baker Street, then I could pay you a certain sum each month to make your day-to-day life easier."
"John," he said, "I know you've not met anyone until now. But I think you should do it now, at the latest. "
I made the mistake of listening to Mycroft and not sticking to my first impulse to communicate clearly and honestly what was going on. I can only take credit for doing it with the best of intentions.
"For now though ..." I breathed in his ear, " ... it'll have to wait. But I'd have some creative ideas for tonight."
Watson's brain, however, was down-to-earth, simple, it had a more practical mind. Something Moriarty lacked entirely, and that was probably what now seemed to be becoming dangerous to the criminal genius.
Which in many ways applies to me. And why not? There is hardly anyone in the world worthy of my honest enmity.
Stood in the club where he spent the evening like a rejected lover in the shadows, in the dark, watching him.
He could be so incredibly cute in his awkwardness. The great, clever, arrogant, selfish Sherlock Holmes.
I activated the bugging function of the last victim's mobile phone. Wonderful. So I could excellently follow what was being said between the great Sherlock Holmes and the evil, evil serial killer via my own mobile phone.
He reached out carefully and put his hand on John's arm. John was in a bad state, because he thought he could really feel this touch.
I was not one of those who used violence and "ripped off" other children in the schoolyard. I had better methods, and in principle that has remained the same until today. Well, I have nothing against violence and blood, but I don't like to get my hands dirty. I have my people for that.
Well, wait, I thought, on our next weekend together, and I was planning to spend another one with him in the foreseeable future, I would give him a good spanking for it. And I was sure that he was already looking forward to it.
It's just like us. Having a loud argument half an hour after we confessed our love. Well, the only one who was really loud was me. Never mind.
"Mycroft... I know that Sherlock, my beloved partner...“ I emphasised the last two words in particular, "...even before the start of our romance of which you are undoubtedly aware..." He waved it off. Of course he knew. "...discussed with you the nature of certain very intimate details of this relationship."
"He blew up the old lady," he said, "when she started describing him. He put himself in the line of fire."
I pulled him onto my bed and started to kiss him passionately. He responded immediately. My hands went through his curls, heaven, how I loved those curls!
Who knows, maybe he would seek some distraction from his unfulfilled longing for John "I'm not gay!" Watson?
For a moment I thought about blowing her up just for fun anyway, but .... no. I wanted to play fair. Well, a little bit anyway.
As she turned the corner of the street, her eyes went up to the roof of the hospital. That was where Sherlock had been standing up there, back when he'd had that showdown with that little actor he'd thought was Moriarty then. He had jumped, but there had been a cushion of air waiting for him below, Mycroft's people involved had done a great job, and she, in her capacity as the amorous pathologist Molly, had made sure that Sherlock looked bleeding and dead when John reached him. She had then made sure that he disappeared and that no one doubted his death.
His whole body language showed me that he was just waiting to get rid of me, John Watson, at the moment.
"You know, I'm not very good at this. But I thought if I was going to propose, it would be fair that you get to choose the name."
So she took what she could get and enjoyed "Jim's" advances like an almost dried-up flower enjoys the rain.
The bubble bath was ready. It smelled wonderful and I had also spread a few candles around the edge of the tub.
Then my lips closed around it. I began with gentle, sucking up and down movements, while continuing to play with my tongue and also crawling his testicles.
But darn it, Molly didn't know where he was. Not that she hadn't tried to find out. She had put people on his trail. To no avail. People got arrested or disappeared, or information just didn't get through to her.
Well, there was probably no doubt any more. John was obviously so overwhelmed by his grief that his psyche had been damaged. There was no way around it now. He needed professional help.
I wanted Sherlock. I loved Sherlock. And the fact that he was difficult sexually was not something I saw as a big problem. Either I would manage to show him at some point how wonderful it is to enjoy physical love with ones partner. Or, if it really turned out that there was no room for that in his life, I would settle for cuddling, and otherwise, well, just settle for hand jobs in the shower for the next forty years. Admittedly, those with the thought of him were quite ... overwhelming. So there you have it.
It was the case of the herring with the raspberry sauce, but it was uninteresting, Sherlock solved it in no time at all and used a watering can to spread his insults, and I haven't dedicated an entry to it in my blog. Wouldn't have been worth it.
There was no one else she trusted. That's the nature of people who lie and cheat without batting an eyelid to achieve their goals, and Molly Moriarty was undoubtedly one of them.
Stamford ... well, he, too, if you didn't get hung up on Mrs Hudson, was in the suspect pool. So no.
Lestrade got up from the sofa, beaming with joy, walked over to Mycroft Holmes, gave him a hug, kissed him on the mouth and said, "Hello, honey, what are you doing here?"
Not that it would seriously get me into trouble, but I might have to change my plans a bit. And I hated it when people torpedoed my plans. The taxi driver was downright lucky that I had already shot him, otherwise I would still be after him....
Now the lady wanted to present this forgery to the art world and needed expert opinion to confirm its authenticity. Needed a credible background story for the work and the like.
And then, just when she had resigned herself to the fact that she would have to start all over again, she got a text message.
And as I thought this it occurred to me that lately I had been associating the "I" more and more with John Watson and thinking of "Moriarty" in the third person. It was strange how the game I was playing was affecting and changing me and I wasn't sure if I liked it or not.
I myself began to undo the buttons of his shirt and also started to run my fingertips over his beautiful, porcelain pale skin.
I knew who he was and what he did, of course. But as John Watson, I couldn't know. So I looked at him questioningly in a way that he couldn't help saying:
Yes, I too can be grateful and downright disgustingly soft-hearted. Pah, I don't like that side of me but, well, every now and then it comes out.
Throwing away a human life, no, that wasn't something he was going to be quick to agree with. He was a doctor, for fuck's sake.
His billowing coat, his turned-up coat collar that accentuated his cheekbones, and his sparkling gaze ... yes, I admit it, that I liked him and that it was not so easy for me to really keep my hands off him. I would have liked to tie him up, beat him and then fuck him ...
I was keen to take matters into my own hands, so I dropped a remark here and a word there, thus influencing him in the direction of entrusting me, his roommate and ... friend? ... John Watson to investigate the case.
Sherlock had taken a liking to it, he was eager to learn, so it wasn't long before he too was able to give me a wonderful blow job... and he got good at it. Damn good.
"Oh don't worry, dear," she said. "One of the ways true greatness is shown is by recognising when you've lost a battle. Don't you?"
"Conceivably," Sherlock rebuffed. But I could tell by the play of muscles in his face: He was firmly convinced. Good. Very good.
Shortly before, so that he wouldn't have too much time to think, but also not too short, so that he would overcome the shock and get things right.
But in the end, none of that was a problem. It was just ... like I said, I hated it when someone got in the way of my plans.
I had decided that explosive-laden and elaborately wired waistcoats were en Vogue this season. Whether the bitch shared this taste I did not know, probably she would not appreciate my efforts. But she didn't matter.
As I had instructed him, the taxi driver had taken the woman's suitcase and deposited it in a rubbish tip.
I would serve him a few cases over the next few hours and days and let him know that Moriarty was behind it. Every single one of those cases was going to give him clues that Moriarty knew about him better than he could have liked. That he was closer to him than he had previously believed. That everything was not as it seemed and Moriarty knew things about him that only someone who actually knew him could know.
We were interrupted by Molly the lamb, who brought him a coffee and bleated something irrelevant about lipstick.
And they sank into each other and it took quite a while before their minds, which had simply shut down and let the feelings take the reins, began to function again.
"What am I supposed to do now, Molly? I mean, I realise I have to inform Lestrade, and he and his people will find out the truth. But ... how am I supposed to deal with the fact that she, the woman who was like a sort of grandmother to Sherlock and me for years, is to blame for Sherlock jumping to his death from the roof of the Bart?!"
Still the taxi man talked at Sherlock. Petty chatter and I could tell his confidence was leaving him.
"Dr Watson," he finally said, "I would like to pay tribute to you for actually succeeding in misleading my brother. I had some reservations at first. But you are, in fact, succeeding. My brother is firmly convinced that you would, well, live out the open relationship. Congratulations."
"If you want to ask me if my bottom is still a virgin," he said in a tone as matter-of-fact as he was talking about the stock market or the weather forecast, "then I can confirm that. Yes, it is."
On the other hand, if she didn't, she would have no control over the situation, wouldn't know who had ordered her there.
He flicked an imaginary speck of dust from his left thumbnail and seemed to focus for a moment on nothing but that tiny grain of universe. Then he turned his gaze back to the great criminal with the innocent face.
I nodded. And decided not to mention anything to him about Mycroft's advances towards me for the time being. Though I wasn't sure if I was doing the right thing.
The detective inspector? But No. After all, I wanted to be taken by Sherlock to his crime scenes, show up there unfamiliar and be seen with an open mind. I didn't want anyone there to be suspicious of me, to stand in my way.
