She laughs and ducks her head to hide her embarrassment, and Cas turns so she won’t see his smile and think he’s teasing her. She’s not much older than Sam was when he left Stanford. Less than a decade older than Claire.
“Hey, jerk,” Sam calls. Claire lets out a whoop of delight and throws her door open, running out to meet him. He’s grinning from ear to ear when she nearly tackles him into a hug. “Whoa, kid. All that running is gonna make you strong enough to take me down.”
“Dean has work today, and Claire is recovering from the flu,” Cas answers.
But he’s not the same. The lines at the corners of his eyes look like they’ve been put there by laughter instead of worry. His smile comes easier, when he’s happy and not when he’s trying to charm someone into giving him something. Dean used to see flickering memories of the pit every time he looked into his own eyes. Now he just sees the green of his front yard, and Claire grinning as she proves to Cas that she can do cartwheels.
“You’re very good at this,” Cas comments. He can’t draw to save his life, which is why he had laughed when the rec center had offered him a painting class.
Dean rubs at his temple. “Not yet,” he murmurs. “I’m, ah. I’m not sure what to do next. Logic is telling me to head to Sioux Falls. Sam might be going towards Bobby, but. I dunno. My gut is telling me to go to Lawrence.”
“Go,” Dean says finally. “Before Chuck comes back and changes his mind. I won’t be far behind you.”
So Dean does. He starts at Stull, even though it makes both of their shoulders tighten and both of their breath come a little quicker. He explains how he’d sat there until Bobby’d lurched up, alive, and how whoever brought Bobby back healed him, too. He tells Sam about going to Lisa’s and being a fuck-up and how he’d high-tailed it out of there before he could really ruin their lives. And he talks about driving until he couldn’t stomach it anymore, all over the continental states until he’d finally parked his car in Bennett and put his ass to work until he could afford some shit house that he could fix up.
“No,” Cas tells him. He kisses Dean’s jaw like it proves his point. “We missed you, too.”
“You must be very bored,” Cas muses.
Sam shivers even as they’re all huddled together, and when the wind picks up he stuffs his hands in his pockets like it might fight off the cold. To Dean, he asks, “Think he’ll show?”
She looks at him incredulously. “It’s the second week of school.”
Sam comes home for one or two days every other week, during June. He almost always brings some kind of present for Claire, even if it’s just a postcard from wherever he stopped last. Dean loads him up with food and Cas loans him books to read on his downtime and when he isn’t there, they all miss him terribly.  The road keeps him busy, even though he doesn’t talk about his hunts, and Cas is grateful for that. But Sam is kept busy by checking in on Bobby and going where Bobby sends him, and following up with hunters like CJ and her friend and Jody and her partner and a list of new names that Cas doesn’t recognize. He pops in on Kevin, the young prophet, from time to time as well, making sure he’s safe and helping the family out when he can. He seems proud of the work he’s doing, though there always seems to be something lingering in the back of his mind no matter how big his smile is.
or anything. She’s not really. I mean, I didn’t legally adopt her or anything, but. I don’t know. I’m raising her, I guess, and she, uh. Told me I’m her dad the other day. So. Fuck, Sammy, I don’t know.”
“Cas?” Dean asks. “You still with me?”
“What you said,” Dean begins, before getting embarrassed and clearing his throat. “You, uh.”
Cas hums, sitting back in his chair. He glances at the open door, and from his spot, Dean thinks he is able to see Claire. Dean wonders if that makes Cas feel better, the way that looking over Sam when he slept when they were kids helped Dean. “I suppose I’ll find a place of living for Claire and I,” he starts. “Bobby created documentation that will make me seem like a responsible homeowner or renter. I’ll have to get a job, to provide for her and myself. And I will need to earn Claire’s trust.”
When Lucifer drives an angel blade through his sternum, Castiel makes a list of all the things he loves. He takes them with him as he’s carried into the afterlife yet again.
Dean pulls Cas under the covers, kissing him quietly, until an exhaustion that has nothing to do with the late hour takes them over and lulls them both into a fitful sleep.
“I’m not—” Claire says, all in a rush. She blows angrily at a strand of hair that’s fallen in front of her face. It’s a heavy moment before she finally finishes, “I’m not
Cas is surprised to see him, to say the least. It’s kind of thrilling to see the way his eyes widen and his mouth crawls into a smile. “You’re home very early,” Cas observes.
“This whole thing just,” Dean huffs, scrubbing at his face tiredly. He crumples up his empty wrapper, too, and hands the rest of his fries off to Sam. “This whole thing doesn’t make any sense.”
“And Cas,” Sam adds, pointedly looking in the direction of Dean’s room and grinning like the little shit he is.
“I don’t know what to do, Dean,” Cas finally admits. He sounds so human it still makes Dean pause.
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Cas answers, and he kisses Dean’s jaw before pulling away from him and going to pour himself a cup of coffee. He eyes the bowl of egg and milk mixture that Dean soaks the last piece of bread in before placing it on the pan. Conversationally, he says, “You know, I’ve read somewhere that fresh eggs taste even better than store bought.”
“Why are you sorry?” Cas asks, sounding surprised. He finally turns to face Dean. And Cas can’t read minds anymore, but he still looks at Dean like he knows exactly what he’s thinking, and if there were ever a time for some good old-fashioned telepathy, Dean would want it now. Would make it a hell of a lot easier if he didn’t have to try and find the words to say out loud.
From behind, someone says, “Hey, guys. Enjoying a little alone time?”
“You care,” Claire elaborates. There’s a teasing grin on her face. Dean’s glad to see it. “You take care of me just as much as Castiel does.”
“You’re grounded,” Dean deadpans, though it’s an empty threat and they all know it. He sighs and looks around. “Kid, this place will need one hell of a paint job before I’d let you move up here, but…”
Her voice is gruff as she says, “Didn’t know you had family, Dean-o.”
It’s stupid to call Cas again, Dean decides, but he keeps staring at the number anyway. They already talked today, and he’s not that much of a damn loser. He’s just. He’s used to telling Cas nearly every part of his day, is all. Probably.
Claire huffs. “Why, ‘cause Satan Jr. and his mom are gonna be our new roommates? Our lives are already so friggin’ weird, this is nothing new.”
Cas loathes Chuck now more than he has in any other moment.
“Nothing you want is dumb, Claire,” Cas promises her. Dean pulls himself to full consciousness now, recognizing the name, and he lifts up until he catches sight of Claire in the doorway too. He makes a questioning noise.
“Yeah, no, nice try,” Dean responds. He points his whisk at Cas before returning it to the bowl. “I poked that sleeping bear once, remember? If you’re asleep I let you stay asleep.”
She hands him the keys with a sigh. “Nice of you to take this off my hands,” she muses. “This place has been up for sale for nearly a decade now.”
“Well,” Bobby says. The line cuts out as Dean puts his car in reverse and pulls onto the main road away from his house. “Good on you. You’ll have to give me the address.”
Dean lets out a deep, relieved breath. Like he hadn’t already know that. He wraps his arms around Cas and pulls him in for a hug, just an easy press of their bodies together. Cas is quiet in his arms.
“He’ll probably want to kill us for another reason first,” Cas points out. Dean’s face goes dazed, and Cas slides his hand underneath Dean’s shirt and pulls him closer for an actual kiss, a better one this time.
He kisses Dean again instead of answering right away. Decides that licking into Dean’s mouth and running his tongue against the backs of Dean’s teeth is more important than answering, because what would he say, anyway? You doomed me, Dean Winchester, before you even knew I existed at all. You were it, the first crack in the chassis, the first one that mattered, and where you grew through the breaks made it impossible for them to ever change me again. You doomed me, Dean, and it wouldn’t have mattered if I had wax for wings or not. I would have plucked them off and thrown them into the flame for you, anyway.
Cas’s world dissolves into nothing with the sound of a gun cocking.
Behind him, Dean presses a hand to Cas’s shoulder and turns him just enough for an easy kiss. His eyes are shining when he pulls away. “Helluva story there, Cas.”
Cas changes the script one last time. His final chance. “I love you, too.”
“Bobby, I told you,” Dean starts.
sting more, but it’s as though it doesn’t even matter right now. As though the only thing that does matter is Dean, sitting across from him, unfamiliar and familiar all at the same time. “I rebelled, and the price I paid for it was my life. But something brought me back. Or someone… my Father—”
Next to them, Dean is already snoring again. It makes Claire cough around a giggle. Cas tells her, “You have nothing to apologize for.”
Cas despises how helpless it makes him feel.
This makes Dean roll his eyes. Cas points to a left turn, and Dean flips the blinker and slides into the turn lane. “Yeah, well. When I accomplish something that means something, I’ll let you know.”
Cas protests halfheartedly, but it gets buried beneath Claire’s huff of laughter as she pushes away from Dean. Her eyes are red, and there’s a smudge of mascara on her cheek that she wipes away with the flat of her palm. “Shut up,” she says, voice thick. She looks away from him quickly. “You know you’re just as much my dad as he is.”
“Can we talk about it now?” Dean asks.
“Sam’s coming home,” he tells her. His knees creak when he stands up, and he winces.
Cas wonders if he’s done enough to earn his spot at the table next to her most nights. He knows he hasn’t done enough to earn the privilege of calling her his daughter. He covets it regardless, and he feels that same overwhelming rush when he looks at her now. His brave, stubborn, beautiful daughter.
The lights are off in Dean’s room, but the curtains are open, so Cas is illuminated by the pale light of the moon from outside the window. He sits tentatively on the edge of Dean’s bed. “I didn’t want to assume,” he explains.
There are no plagues, no floods, no cities being lifted to the heavens. There is just the ugly parts of this world, and there are the good parts, and there are the battles he can choose to fight and a handful of wars that are no longer his to command. It’s not the end of the world; a dark sky is just a dark sky.
“Project?” Dean repeats, pestering. He follows Cas into the kitchen. “What project?”
A hole could open up in the floor and swallow Dean whole and it still wouldn’t get him out of this conversation fast enough. He’s not sure what the hell he’s doing. Or, hell, maybe he is. He’d been planning on bringing Cas back with him, hadn’t he? What’s one more person to the tally? A kid, sure, but it’s not like Cas can just leave her here now. And it’s not like Dean can leave Cas. And he has a house, an empty house, and he promised Sam he’d get out and settle down, and this probably isn’t exactly what Sam had in mind but it’s family, right? Cas is family. That makes Claire family, too.
He takes a piss while the Impala finishes filling up. He’s shivering by the time he crawls back into the driver’s seat, so he blasts the heat as soon as he gets the car running again. Looks in the backseat hoping that he’d left a flannel back there or something. His heart sinks when he sees the pink of Claire’s favorite jacket on the bench.
Dean doesn’t understand what there is to grieve. He feels it, anyway.
“Things
God, he’d been a fucking idiot for not figuring it out sooner.
“It will,” Cas tells him with a shrug. He looks back down at the book in his hands before sighing in resignation and putting it aside. It won’t do him any good to continue trying to read with his head throbbing like this, no matter how badly he wants to find out what happens next. Perhaps Cas could coerce Dean into lying down with him, under the pretense of resting, of course. Dean is typically very easily persuaded.
A few feet away from them, Claire and Kevin are giggling about something that Cas lost the plot of about thirty minutes back. Sam’s helping Theresa start the fire pit. It’s barely late enough that the sun is thinking about setting, and Cas’s bones feel sticky with a warm kind of tiredness he’s only felt after days like this.
“I,” Claire starts. Even in the dark, Cas can tell the moment her eyes start to fill with tears. Her voice is strained when she finally continues, “I want, um. It’s dumb.”
“A nephilim?” Sam asks.
And he talks about finding out Cas was alive, and driving out to Pontiac to check in on him and leaving Pontiac with two people he’d never expected in his life. Then he can’t stop, he can’t stop talking about Claire, and how well she’s been doing, and her growth in school and her comfort in the house, and how she seems happy now and how damn proud that makes Dean. He talks about Cas settling into humanity so easily it scares him sometimes, and he talks about his neighbors and his job and Claire choosing paint colors and Cas making the window for their kitchen and he talks about the creepy attic he hasn’t dared to go into yet.
“Dean?” Cas says, and it pulls Dean right out of whatever fucking trip he just took himself on. Cas has got this expectant look on his face, though, and Dean realizes probably a second too late that Cas most likely asked him a question. “What do you think?”
Dean pauses. “You’re in Missouri?”
“Cas?” Sam repeats, incredulous. “Cas is alive, too? You know, you really buried the lead on a bunch of shit here, Dean.”
Once he’s in the car, Dean grips the steering wheel and takes gasping, desperate breaths that make his shoulders shake. He doesn’t even know what’s
Dean swallows the last dredges of the whiskey and is more careful this time as he sets it down. It helps, this time, that Lisa doesn’t spring the
“I don’t know,” Sam tells him, voice a little bit sharp. He wrings his hands nervously in his lap. “I mean it. I have no clue, I’m just. Back.”
“I,” she says, before she stops herself. Dean can’t do anything but watch silently as she shakes her head and stands slowly. “It’s late. We can talk about it in the morning, I shouldn’t have started this now.”
“And you would let Claire and I move in,” Cas says. The end of his phrase lilts up just slightly, making it less of a statement and almost a question.
When all is said and done, the world really doesn’t actually end with a bang.
Castiel clears his throat. “You’re not… You’re Dean Winchester from another time, aren’t you?”
They catch each other’s eye. For a gentle moment, neither of them breathe.
Tightly, Dean says, “Cas.”
“I know,” Sam murmurs. He looks down at his hands. “Christ, I know, Cas, I won’t. I won’t waste my whole life looking, alright? I promise.”
The cashier at the grocery store knows Cas by name—knows which type of apple he prefers and knows that Cas’s daughter Claire is a sophomore this year and knows that Cas almost always forgets to grab bread, no matter how many times he writes it on his list. She perks up when she sees Sam and Cas come in.
The way people wish for it. The way people fall for it. The things people do in the name of it.
Dean frowns. “Yeah, but why wait ten months? Why not get Sam out of there right away?”
Cas had the thing in his coat pocket, doesn’t know why he pulled it out and asked Dean if he could play it when they were speeding back to the bunker and still unaware of how the night would end. Doesn’t know why it felt so damn important to Cas to listen to it then.
Cas grunts, mouth full with his burger, and shakes his head. The relief Dean feels is instant. “No. I stayed in a shelter for the first month, and the volunteers were very kind in providing us sustenance.”
“No, I,” Claire starts, before she starts to cough again and cuts herself off frustratedly. “I do. ‘Cause. You guys are taking such good care of me, and I. I sit here and I call you my dads and you
“I feel happiness, being here,” Cas continues slowly. “I feel relieved that we’re all safe. I feel annoyance at you, in the mornings when you tell me to wake up because I slept through my alarm. I feel fondness when Claire smiles or when she allows me to share her laughter. I feel anxiety when I think about her, alone at school, all day. And these are all miraculous things for me. I’m trying to understand them all. Even so, there are some things I wish I didn’t know. Hurt, when Claire won’t trust me. Frustration that I never seem to do anything right the first time. Envy, that it’s so easy for
Sam catches Dean’s eye as he shrugs his jacket over his shoulders. “Bobby? He’s alive?”
Claire’s bedroom door is open, by the time Cas leaves his bedroom ad starts to make his way to the kitchen, and he can hear the tv on downstair. Her shoes sit outside her doorway—she’s gotten in the habit of leaving them downstairs, leaving Cas or Dean to bring them upstairs to be put away. He tosses them into her room out of habit more than anything else.
“So you heard my prayers?” Claire asks. There are tears in her eyes and Dean can’t do a damn thing to stop it.
“Like you’re proud of me or some shit,” Dean snaps.
Guilt sits deep and heavy in Dean’s stomach, and his smile is wiped off his face. He wants to tell her the truth. Wants to tell her that he’s not sure what’s going on out here so he doesn’t have an answer yet, but more than that he wishes he could tell her he’ll be on his way back tonight, so he’ll be there when she gets up in the morning with freshly-made French toast on the table.
They go. Dean watches, still rooted in place, until he can’t distinguish their figures from the shadows of Eden’s foliage. Then he turns back and looks again for the tree that Eve gave everything for.
it is that he is to Cas. He hates the uncertainty, and he’s ashamed that he is hesitating either way. And, on top of it all, there’s the friggin’
I needed air, y’know? And I told you I’d get outta the life and I had to drag myself free but now I got my own friggin’ bed and I got people who need me and it’s—”
“Don’t try to speak yet, man,” Dean tells him, voice soft. “Just breathe for me, yeah?”
“What?” Sam asks, startled. He finally looks up. And, yeah, that’s fair, because Dean isn’t usually the guy to jump to God to explain unexplainable shit. Hell, Dean doesn’t think God had anything to do with this, but Sammy’s always had more faith than him when it comes to shit like this, so. If it’ll comfort Sam, then Dean will believe it. “Do
“We don’t have much time,” Cas snaps out, and it activates the same fight-or-flight response that all hunts to in Dean, so Dean throws the car in reverse and speeds out of the motel parking lot without hesitating again.
It’s just after nine by the time they hear Sam’s car rumbling down the road, and Dean tenses underneath Cas’s hands. Cas lets him go and pauses the movie.
“C’mere,” Dean tells him, muffled by his pillow. His hands seek Cas’s.
Behind them, Dean is leaning against the doorway. He hasn’t said anything, but Cas still knows he’s there. Listening and watching. He wonders if Dean understands that Cas used that same careful precision when rebuilding him. He wonders if Dean knows that there were times where Cas was certain he was stitching the stuff of stars into Dean.
could have been for much better circumstances. But that ain’t the world they got stuck in, and Dean hates that he’s not even surprised something came up right before they could even properly begin.
Cas catches Dean’s eye again.
“I know it’s an expression,” Cas interrupts. He still looks at Dean like he can see right down into his soul. Even as a human, it makes the hairs on Dean’s arm rise. “And I understand that she needs time. But she was right, Dean. I heard her prayers. All of them, right up until I died. And I never did a thing about it.”
Jack nods, and after another moment he’s finally able to look away from Dean’s gaze. To Sam, he explains, “The first time I died, Castiel went to Heaven to find me and make sure I would come back. But the Empty was there. It said I belonged with them. Castiel made a deal so that he would go instead of me. The condition was that he would continue to live out life normally on Earth until he allowed himself to feel truly happy, and only then would the Empty come for him.” Jack looks down at his hands. Dean wonders if they’re shaking, the way his own had when he’d told Bobby about a deal he’d made himself thirteen years ago. “Castiel begged me not to tell you. I’m so sorry. He thought that what you didn’t know would hurt you less than what you couldn’t change.”
“Unbelievable,” Dean repeats. “Fucking chickens. Go turn off the tv, it’s breakfast time.”
“You didn’t—” Cas starts, before he cuts himself off. When Dean finally finds the guts to look at him, Cas has dropped his gaze to his lap, where he writhes his hands together nervously. “Dean. You don’t have to be sorry. I, on the other hand… I feel like I should. Apologize.”
“He was,” Dean answers with finalty. He hasn’t been able to take a full breath from before he and Cas even entered the bunker’s dungeon at all, from the moment Billie’s fist tightened around his heart and cut him off, but it feels worse now—sitting with the suffocating weight of being the only one who knows what happened and having to explain it to Cas’s
Here, let’s rewind. We’ll go back to the moment just before everything started over again. Be careful with the cassette tape in your hands as you unravel it—it may not look like much, but this cassette is the start of the new beginning. It’s that thin line we talked about before. That sweet spot right down the middle, the best place to aim when everything’s changing anyway. Side A is a ghost, maybe, or it might just be a memory but either way it’s the last thing left of someone who isn’t here anymore. Side B is an instruction manual that will try to tell you how to get them back.
Dean remembers Cas’ words, before he died.
If he wasn’t in excruciating, mind-bending pain, Dean’s convinced he would have popped a boner. He still might, he thinks. Maybe he already has.
He looks about as undone as Dean feels.
A tear spills down Dean’s cheek. Cas withdraws his hand, and the world goes dark.
Dean wants to tell him not to sweat, but he’s more nervous than he thought he’d be. He focuses on Cas, who looks at him and softens.
“I love you,” Cas says, reverent. “I love you.”
After that particular close call, however, and after they finally freed themselves from Chuck, Sam’d made it his mission to work on their relationship.
“And you make me good, and loving,” Cas says and cures every hurt in Dean’s body and soul all over again.
“Rebar,” Dean interrupts, because he can’t help it.
“You have something better to do?” Cas asks, and yeah, no, he’s annoyed. At least Dean is still able to fulfil that mission in life. He turns around, but not before theatrically rolling his eyes, and goes to lie down on the small sofa in the back.
“You mean on his soul?” Jack asks, eyes wide.
in a barn. Will call it a rebar to Sam’s face till the day he dies, mark his words, but it really was a nail. Luckily, it proved to just be a slight bitch of a situation; Sam called the ambulance, and he made it out in one piece.
. Dean is starting to feel that incriminating rush of annoyance and hurt mixing in his stomach. It’s making his head hurt slightly.
Cas is pensive for a bit. Then he closes his eyes and smiles.
“Relax,” Cas tells him, “This will hurt. I’m sorry.”
Suddenly, he feels Cas’ hand on his chest, just lightly on the surface, exactly on the spot it had entered Dean’s body and touched his soul a few hours ago.
“Would
“I mean it, though. I’m sorry that you missed out on so much in life.” And just like that, Dean had wiped the grin off Castiel’s face.
“For gods sake Sam, let go of me!” Dean exclaimed, annoyed with his little brother. He stopped walking as soon as they got outside and freed himself from his brother’s grip. “Jesus, Sammy. What the fuck are you doing?” He asked, rubbing his arm where Sam had gripped him too tightly.
?! This is a secluded island. There’s only so many places he could be. Why are you not out looking for him? What are you doing here sitting around my bed, watching me wake up when you know full well that I will be fine. He could be killed this very moment. Maybe he’s dead already, just because you
“Stay inside!” He shouts at everyone that he sees, starting to run as he now knows exactly where Dean is. He knows that he won’t be fast enough to stop a disaster from happening, but Castiel hopes he can at least stop Dean from being killed again. Even though he is fairly certain that Dean would resurrect, he would rather not take that chance.
“Please do.” Dean said, face lighting up at the mention of burgers.
Castiel used the bathroom and took a quick shower while Dean got dressed. He stepped back into his room, damp hair and wearing nothing but a towel. After a moment of hesitation he dropped the towel and quickly got dressed, pretending like he couldn’t see Dean staring at him. He opened one of his drawers, smiled triumphantly and presented Dean with a new toothbrush, still wrapped in plastic. “I always keep spare ones around, the store here almost never has them in stock.”
He takes the glass from Cas and downs it in one, only now realizing how parched he is. Luckily for him, Cas has the bottle ready and already refills the glass. “I love you.” Cas says randomly, and Dean smiles warmly. “I know. I love you too.” He says and downs the second glass of water before carefully placing it onto the coffee table. “Care to join me for my bath?” Dean asks, wrapping his arms around his lover.
“Crazy day, huh?” Dean said as he opened the door. Castiel nodded with a smile. “I swear, normally things are a lot more peaceful here.” “Doesn’t that get boring real quick?” Dean asked, leaning against the doorframe, arms crossed. Castiel shook his head in reply, standing in the hallway a little awkwardly. “Not really. The people are too interesting for it to get boring.”
“I gotta call you back.” Sam said, quickly sitting up. “I love you too. Talk to you soon.” Dean couldn’t help but smile, watching his brother hang up.
“Let's just say you wouldn't want to be touching my hand right now.” Castiel replied with a smile, still holding out his hand. “Oh come on, I bet I can take it.” Dean said, reaching out to grab Castiel's hand, but Castiel was quicker, pulling it away. “Dean, I'm serious, we're talking second degree burns here. I don't want to hurt you.” “I've had worse. I'll heal, remember?” Dean said with a confident smirk and Castiel smiled back, narrowing his eyes challengingly. “Don't say I didn't warn you, tough guy.” He said and pressed his hand to Dean's shoulder, causing Dean to flinch away from the pain. “Ah, fuck.” Dean exclaimed, looking at the bright red handprint on his skin. “That really is hot.” Castiel chuckled low, watching as the burn mark started to fade already. Dean grinned at him, wanting to show him that he was not hurting anymore and pulled him close again. Castiel snuggled against Dean's side, pulling his legs up onto the couch. He looked up into Dean's green eyes, smiling, feeling incredibly safe and calm in his arms. Dean smiled back and lowered his head, kissing Castiel gently. Castiel practically melted into the kiss, relaxing, bringing one hand up to rest on Dean's chest. Dean's arm tightened around him, holding him close as the kiss deepened. Dean placed his free hand on Castiel's thigh, all but pulling him onto his lap.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There are some important rules you will need to follow. You are allowed to talk to them, but don’t expect them to answer. Being locked up here has made them even more insane than they were before. Do not, under any circumstance, look them in the eyes. It is how they use their gifts and it takes only one look for them to get into your head. And most importantly…” “What are their gifts?” Dean asked, interrupting Castiel because he simply had to know. “Most importantly.” Castiel continued pointedly, not liking to be interrupted. “Do not trust anything you hear in there. My voice is the only think you can rely on. Do you understand?” Dean nodded. “Got it. Only listen to you, nothing else. What are their gifts?” He insisted and Castiel sighed softly, clearly stressed about the whole situation. “Alistair inflicts pain, worse than anything you have ever felt before. It only works if he has had eye contact with you, but as soon as that happens he can cause it whenever you are in a room with him, even when you’re not looking. It’s why Gabriel doesn’t want to come here anymore. He thinks he might have accidentally looked him in the eyes but doesn’t want to come back to find out.” Dean nodded, understanding. Given the fact that Castiel knew how painful Dean’s breakouts had been, ‘worse than anything you have ever felt before’ sounded pretty damn terrifying.
He grabbed the box that was sitting on his desk and made his way into the kitchen where he found his brother, looking out the window and eating leftover apple pie. He was well aware that they had agreed not to buy any presents, but he did not like the idea of Dean spending his birthday without receiving at least one present. Knowing Dean, he’d probably made the same agreement with everyone they knew.
Castiel had taken Dean’s hands in his own as he listened, tilting his head a little and watching Dean, moving closer to him in hope to give him some comfort. “Try to use your Gift again. Keep thinking about that and try to use your Gift again.” Dean looked at Castiel, a little confused about his reaction but did as he was told, closing his eyes and reaching out to that space in the back of his mind. Tingling energy rushed through him, feeling different this time, like it was magnifying Deans emotions. When he opened his eyes he was not blinded anymore, the sun was hidden behind dark clouds. Castiel squeezed his hand, smiling warmly as Dean looked around. “You did that. It seems that you have a Gift very similar to Sam’s. Yours doesn’t seem to happen as spontaneously, but it is also controlled by your emotions.” Castiel looked Dean in his eyes, emerald meeting bright blue. “And my childhood wasn’t bad at all. Of course I had people that took care of me. It is true that I never had anyone I called a parent, but I had many caretakers over the years. Did you think they just sent an infant here with no supervisors?” Castiel said and Dean smiled at that, shaking his head at his own stupidity. “Of course not.”
“You know we cannot give you what you want, Azazel. Let the boy go, he has nothing to do with this.” Castiel's voice was demanding as he stared at Azazel, eyes safely hidden behind the mirrored glasses.
“So you’re saying you really want to know?” Dean shot back, suggestively wriggling his eyebrows. Sam made another face and shook his head. He really didn’t. “Just go already.” Sam said and Dean made his way to the door. “And don’t forget to wear protection!” He shouted after him just before the door fell shut, leaving Sam to watch a movie on his own.
Castiel stayed quiet for a long time after this reveal, long enough to have Dean squirming in his seat, blushing with the thought that Castiel might reject him. His eyes widened as Castiel pushed his chair back and stood up. For a very horrible moment Dean imagined Cas walking out on him. Before he could finish his thought, Castiel had already started moving. Not away from him, but around the table and towards him. Dean sat and watched, not moving ad Castiel leaned down to him, gently kissing him.
It didn’t matter right now, the air was already getting thinner and Dean knew if he didn’t get out of here soon he would suffocate. Blindly he slid his fingers over the casket lid, trying to find a gap or something he could use to break through. All he found was a single gap, not big enough to put his fingers in. Instead he punched the wood repeatedly, hoping to break it this way. “Help! HELP!” Dean’s shout came out as nothing more than a hoarse whisper, he had not talked in a very long time. “Help!” He tried again, but his throat felt sore and dry and he knew there probably was nobody there who could hear him anyway. The skin on his knuckles cracked open and he could feel the blood run down his hands and arms as he punched faster than it could heal. He didn’t register the pain. Everything that mattered right now was getting out of here.
Kevin opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but closed it again, staring at Dean. Castiel waited for the boy to leave as there was no other reason for him to be here, but Kevin did not move, even as Dean went to the bathroom to change.
Castiel heaved Sam back onto the bed before turning his attention to Dean, who was still lying on the floor, unmoving.
“Fuck off, Gabriel.” Castiel said and Dean turned to him, surprised by the strong language he would not have expected from him. He had to force himself not to smile at the red marks he had left along Castiel’s jawline earlier and felt his own face heat up as he noticed Meg was still staring at him with a predatory look in her eyes. Dean reached out for Castiel’s hand under the table and this time he couldn’t stop himself from smiling as Castiel visibly relaxed.
I hope you liked this sudden turn of events and I would enjoy reading your thoughts in the comments. Please leave Kudos if you feel like it. Have a great day!
“Why was he buried?” Castiel asks, looking at Gabriel accusingly. “If his body was healing, someone must have noticed. Why was he buried?”
Though younger, Sam was much taller and stronger than Meg and within seconds she found herself lying on her stomach, pinned against the bed. Sam held her down with rough hands, standing over her. Her arm was so painfully twisted that she was sure her shoulder would pop with a single wrong movement.
“So you’re going full Halle Berry now? Do I have to mentally prepare for tight leather outfits?” Dean joked, grinning at Sam’s face. “Oh shut up, jerk.”
“Who is this?”
Dean looked over to him with a playful smile. “I bet we could still both fit.” He said wriggling his eyebrows suggestively, grinning widely. It was quite obvious what Dean was playing at, but Castiel was not going to make it that easy. Not again. “I think I’m fine. Thanks.” Castiel grinned back at Dean who rolled his eyes, turning back to the TV. “Fine. Might be better anyway, we wouldn’t want you to be too distracted to watch the movie.”
Castiel pulled Dean into his arms and they cuddled for a little while before Dean sat up with a reluctant groan. “We should take a shower.” He said, looking at the mess he had made of both their stomachs. Castiel frowned just as reluctantly and pulled Dean to lie back next to him, holding him tighter as he didn't want him to leave. “Later.” He said, pressing his lips against Dean's shoulder.
“I don't think you understand how negotiations work, Castiel. I have something that you want. To get it back you have to give me something that I want. A brother for a brother, I think it is very fair. Almost poetic.” Azazel said, walking closer to them, eyes trained on Dean who heard the movement but didn't dare to look up.
The silence that followed was short, but still a little awkward and Castiel nervously licked his bottom lip. “So… What movie do you want to watch?”
“Dean?” Again, Castiel found himself kneeling next to a seemingly lifeless Dean, again he could hear nothing but his own heartbeat, again the whole world seemed to slow down around them. He pressed two fingers to Dean’s main artery and relief flooded through him as he felt a pulse. Castiel could see the muscles cramping underneath Dean’s skin and frowned with the sudden realization that he knew exactly what was going on. He had experienced it himself, many, many years ago. Suddenly, Dean opened his eyes and grabbed Castiel’s hand, holding onto it so tightly, Castiel could have sworn he heard his knuckles crack.
I know this took forever and I really do not have any excuses for that. I guess my brain was not ready for this thing to end. I lowkey dislike the ending, too, but I know if i don't post this I will never post anything and I feel like this thing deserves its happy end.
“Does that mean you have seen the White House? The Lincoln Memorial?” Castiel asked, face suddenly lighting up with renewed interest. Dean smiled softly, reaching for Castiel's hand. “I have been to the Mall. Yes.”
“Azazel's gift is just elaborate mind control. My own gift has forced me to meditate a lot when I was younger, making it possible for me to resist him. Think of it as if two minds were sharing the same body. Azazel tries to take control by confusing Sam's thoughts, making him think he wants to do the things Azazel is whispering to him. To an extend he will be able to control Sam's body himself, but in the end it is just about mental strength. The stronger mind controls the body.” Castiel said, seeing right through Dean. Of course his question was about Sam.
Dean nodded and followed Castiel, who was hurrying to get to the Cells on time. The faster they got there, the faster it would be over. He understood why Gabriel did not want to do the job. If he was entirely honest with himself they freaked him out as well. Someone had to do it though, and Castiel knew Gabriel was too proud to ask anyone else for help. Before he entered the pass code to open the door he stopped and turned back to Dean, looking him in the eyes.
Hey guys! The last chapter got a few really nice comments that totally made my day. Thanks a lot for that!
“I never looked at you.” Dean said under his breath and Castiel looked at him, noticing how Dean was just staring past him right now, not focused on anything, clearly listening to Azazel’s voice inside his head. Castiel knew what it felt like, hearing him for the first time. It was as if every conscious thought was taken over by Azazel’s voice. It was possible to fight him though, if you found the will to try. When the two brothers were first brought here, they had not known how to properly control their gifts. It was the only reason people managed to lock them up in the first place. But now, two years later, they had mastered control of their gifts. In here, they had nothing to do except practice on each other. Azazel was strong willed, and Castiel knew that he could read thoughts, Azazel was good at pinpointing insecurities and using them to hurt people.
“Why do you ever hide them? Something as beautiful and amazing as these wings should always be seen.” Dean said, genuinely not understanding why Castiel would be ashamed of his wings. Of course, they were different, but different was good, right? Apparently not, because Castiel shook his head, folding his wings behind his back without making them disappear yet. “They really shouldn’t. I don’t want to put myself into that position. Even if everyone would accept them, which I doubt, they would still look at me differently. I am not a zoo animal, I don’t exist just to be looked at.” His words sounded more heated than he had intended. It seemed like he had a lot of pent up feelings about the topic. “Of course not, Cas. I just wish everyone could see how astonishingly beautiful you are. That you could see it yourself.” “So you’re saying you want everyone to look at me the way you look at me?” Castiel asked with a playful glint in his eyes, smiling triumphantly, knowing he had won this round as Dean failed to respond.
Neither Meg, nor Gabriel stopped what they were doing, even after Cas and Dean had found a new table.
Benny took one look at Dean's dead eyes and slowly shook his head. “Sam, I don't think…” “Quickly, he's in pain.” Sam interrupted him, turning back to look at Dean and stroked one hand through his hair, hoping to comfort his older brother. “You hear that, Dean? He'll move the rock, you’ll be okay now.”
Castiel watched Dean eat, wondering how he could still be so attractive, even while behaving like a child. He barely knew the man, but still felt drawn to him. Sure, Dean was handsome, but it was so much more than that.  Maybe it was those green eyes and the way Dean looked at him. For example, right now. Crap.
“He was not a bad man, Dean. He did not choose his gift any more than you did. He would have never hurt anyone on purpose. “ Castiel said, also turning to look at Cain.
He turned around in Dean’s arms and looked him in the eyes, wrapping his arms securely around Dean’s torso. “Okay, let’s go then. Maybe we’re lucky and they serve whatever is for dinner early today. Ready?” Castiel asked, not giving Dean the opportunity to answer before he leaped backwards, using a part of his energy to pull Dean closer against him, forcing the other man to come with him. He grinned as Dean yelped surprised and clung tighter to him. “Cas!” Dean’s voice sounded almost panicked as they fell. Almost too late Castiel flared out his still invisible wings, slowing down their fall enough for them to land securely.
“Shut up, Jerk. I’m serious. He seems like a good guy, don’t play with his emotions like that.”
Dean takes in the sight of Cas, and even though Cas looks like he has been through hell and back, Dean could not have imagined anything more beautiful. Cas is skinnier than he had been when Dean last saw him. His cheekbones are protruding a bit more and there are dark circles under his eyes. The stubbles on his face are weirdly patchy, as if he tried to shave several times but never found the motivation to finish what he started. The t-shirt he’s wearing hangs loosely from his body and a warm feeling spreads through Dean when he realizes that it is one of his own shirts. Behind him are those wings, those incredible wings that Dean loves so much. They are not the same though. They look ruffled and bleak, not standing up proudly but hanging from Cas' body.
“How?” He asked, voice sounding hollow as he did not even get his hopes up. It was a rhetorical question as he knew full well that Castiel had no answer.
Dean could feel Castiel's smirk as he resumed teasing Dean, sliding his hands lower, brushing his palm over Dean's crotch. The wave of pleasure washing through Dean was much more intense than should have been possible for such a simple touch. He gasped surprised and his hips bucked as Castiel's hand lingered, continuously stimulating Dean with what felt like vibrations.
“My whole life. I grew up here.” The statement shocked Dean. Castiel had spent his whole life cooped up on an island, probably never around more than 40 people. No wonder the guy was so weird at times, having worse mood swings than a lady on their period. He probably wasn’t used to so much human interaction.
Sam was still standing in the room when they returned, typing away on his phone. “Where did you get that?” Dean asked after walking back in the room without knocking at all. He hadn’t exactly missed his phone up until now, but was now reminded that he didn’t have it.
It took Dean forever to change into his regular clothes. A great time he spent in the bathroom he was just starting at his own reflection in the mirror. His hands clutched both sides of the sink tightly as he studied his own face. In the past few hours his whole life had changed drastically.
He had always been a little nervous meeting new people and when Chuck gave him the task to mentor the new guy, he had been less than thrilled.
your time with me.”
“Do you have any idea what you do to me?” Castiel's voice was deep with lust and Dean sat up, watching mesmerized as Castiel palmed himself through his pants, taking some of the pressure off before efficiently undressing. Before he knew it, Castiel had pushed him to lie back and hovered over him, naked and glorious. Dean shivered at the sight, fumbling to take of his own clothes. His task was complicated due to the way Castiel was pinning him down, but after some awkward shuffling he was finally free of the confinement of his clothes. Cas never stopped touching him, teasing him. Every inch of newly revealed skin was kissed, licked and caressed with gentle lips and fingers, leaving Dean panting and trembling with lust.
“Cas, you should sit.” Gabriel said and pulled out a chair from under the table, placing it so Cas could sit on it. “I don't want to sit, I want you to tell me what’s going on. Is Sam alright? Is that his blood?” Castiel asked, motioning to the red mess that Gabriel was covered in. Gabriel looked at him, and his eyes were so sad and hopeless that a cold shiver ran down Castiel's spine. “Gabriel, whose blood is this?”
“No.” Dean said simply and it was the end of their conversation. They walked in silence, Castiel looking around for any clues, Dean keeping his head down just in case.
“That's what I thought.” Dean said, turning back to caring for Sam. The younger boy was covered in his own blood and it pained Dean to see him like this, bleeding and broken.
“Awesome.” Dean sounded truly amazed and Castiel looked up into his face, only now noticing that Dean was staring at him. His heart was pounding in his chest and he was so close to Dean that he could feel the heat radiating from the other man’s body. Neither of them stepped back and even though only a few seconds passed, Castiel felt like they were looking at each other forever. He nervously licked his lips and Dean’s gaze dropped to Castiel’s mouth.
“Fine, Clarence. But only because I love you and I like seeing you happy.” She said with a fake annoyance that was only contradicted by the soft smile she gave. It wasn't until she turned to walk back into Sam's room that it dawned on Dean what she had just agreed to.
First and foremost I want to apologize for the huge delay. I had personal matters that took up all of my attention and before I knew it weeks had passed. This fic is not and will not be abandoned. I also want to apologize for the length of this chapter and possibly the following chapters as I did not stick with my usual 3.000 words, this one is over 4.000. The last thing I have to apologize for is the content of this chapter and I will do so in the notes at the end, as the apology will contain spoilers.
Right on cue, Gabriel returns with a warm washcloth, handing it over to Cas. “Will you be alright here? People should know about this. Sam needs to know.” He says, looking down at his brother, smiling in what seems like the first time in forever.
Even though Gabriel could be a pain in the ass sometimes,  Castiel did not harbor any bad feelings for his brother. He just knew it was best if Gabriel was not unleashed unto humanity.
. “Your brother is all right. You need to rest. You can see him when you’re better.”
“You should come visit me sometime, we can go together.” Dean said before he could think about it and Castiel smiled a sad smile as he shook his head. “You know I can't leave here, Dean.”
Dean lifted his head to meet Castiel’s kiss and reached up to place one hand on Castiel’s cheek. “Can I see them again?” He asked, looking Castiel in the eyes, knowing Castiel would know what he was talking about. And Castiel did know. He sat up straight in front of Dean, placing his palms on the floor, letting his energy run into the floor, doing nothing. Slowly, almost majestically his wings unfolded behind his back, casting a shadow onto Dean who was watching wide eyed. “Cas.” Dean said, sitting up too, looking at the dense, black feathers. They weren’t totally black right now though, they were breaking the sunlight and shimmering in all colors of the rainbow. Specks of colorful light danced on the wall behind Castiel’s back as he moved, stretching his wings to their full, impressive size. “You’re beautiful.” Dean breathed, reaching out one hand to touch the soft feathers. This time, Castiel didn’t shy away. On the contrary, he moved his wings towards Dean’s hand, meeting his touch eagerly. Both men breathed in audibly at the sensation rushing through them. It was just like it had been the last time, and at the same time it was entirely different. Where there had been lust and want the last time, this time they felt joy and happiness. Dean smiled widely at Castiel before kissing him deeply, overwhelmed by the sudden light-headedness he felt. Castiel kissed back full heartedly, wrapping his arms around Dean.
“Dean.” Sam looked up at Castiel who had taken Dean’s hand, noticing how pale the other man suddenly looked. “You’re okay. Breathe, Dean. That’s it, very good.” Castiel kept praising Dean calmly while he recovered, clutching onto Castiel’s hand as if it was the only thing keeping him alive. And maybe it was. Sam sat back on his heels, putting a little distance between Dean and himself. He had almost killed his brother. Hell, for a moment he had been certain that he did kill him.
Cas sighed exasperated as Dean picked up his burger and started eating it without putting the tomato back on. “It only counts if you actually eat it.” Dean just grinned at him and Castiel rolled his eyes, finally starting to eat his own food. They talked while they ate, it was simple small talk, just two men getting to know each other better. Dean enjoyed it immensely, he liked that Cas was unintentionally funny and the way he tilted his head when he didn't understand why Dean was laughing. Considering the way that Cas grew up, Dean was surprised how easy it was to converse with him. He was exceptionally smart and almost every subject that Dean brought up, Castiel had something interesting to add. I was clear that Castiel liked to stay informed about everything that was going on in the world, and Dean respected that. If he had grown up on a secluded island, he knew he probably wouldn't give a damn.
As expected, Castiel had left no marks on him. Dean wasn’t even sure that it was still possible to leave marks on him. It was stupid, but Dean smiled at the knowledge that Castiel would be wearing
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean felt the surprised gasp that Castiel let out, but this time he did not pull back. He kissed him again, lips parted slightly, inviting Castiel to make the next move. Castiel did, sliding his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean’s hand slid up the back of Castiel’s neck, fingers tangling with the other man’s dark hair. He felt Castiel pulling him, guiding him away from the edge of the cliff. Following willingly, Dean soon pushed Castiel up against a solid rock wall. Somewhere in the back of his brain he registered that they were only on a ledge and the actual cliff was even higher, but all his other thoughts were focused on Castiel. Stepping against him, Dean closed the small gap between them, bodies melting into each other as if they were made for nothing but this.
Just as a soft moan slipped from Dean’s lips the door flew open and Gabriel waltzed right in. “Hey there, Cassie.” He said cheerfully.
Luckily, Dean found his toothbrush and toothpaste in the bathroom. He took the time to brush the disgusting taste out of his mouth. He was still not feeling at his best, but at least now he did not feel gross anymore.
“Does it always feel like that?” Dean asked and did his best to push away the jealousy he felt at the implication that someone else had touched Castiel like this before him. Castiel shrugged a bit and smiled. “I wouldn’t know.” And he smiled even wider at the happy expression that spread across Dean’s face. He kissed Dean again, shortly before stepping back a little. “I need a shower.” He said, his shirt feeling damp with sweat and the sticky wetness in his pants starting to feel gross. Dean huffed a soft laugh and nodded. “Me too. This didn’t happen to me since I was a teenager.” He said, motioning to the wet spot on his crotch. Castiel grinned, proud that he was the one who made Dean cum in his pants like a horny teenager.
Dean ignored the voice, walking towards Sam who had gotten up, confused look on his face. “What's going on?” He asked and Dean gripped his arm, pulling him with him, trusting that everyone else would do as they were told. Right now it was most important to get Sammy to safety. “I'll explain everything once we got to our room, but right now we have to get to safety, okay. Just follow me.”
“I can’t stay here, Cas. I can’t have another gift, I just want to be normal. I’m not like you, I have a home to get back to.” Dean said and Castiel’s facial expression made him regret it immediately.
"I came to use this fancy kitchen of yours. You said I could do that any time.” Gabriel’s reply came, followed by the clatter of a pot falling onto the floor. Castiel frowned and helped Dean up. “You don’t cook, Gabriel.” It was true, Castiel had offered to let Gabriel use the kitchen but not once in all the years since he came had Gabriel taken him up for it. “You only came because I told you Dean would be coming over tonight. You
Castiel moved away from the headboard and lay down on the bed, holding his breath as Dean lowered onto Castiel's erection. “Oh god.” Deans words were nothing more than a whisper, but Castiel heard it and he felt the same as the head of his cock was suddenly engulfed by perfect, wet heat.
It was the picture they took last Christmas with Bobby, Ellen and Jo. All five of them looked happy and it was a good memory for both, Dean and Sam alike. Even though they were not actually related, Bobby and Ellen had pretty much raised the two of them. Sam had never known their mother because she died in a car accident only a few months after he was born. Their father, John, never really recovered from that and had done his best to drown his grief in alcohol. That was, until he fell down the stairs when Sam was 8. John had been in a coma for 3 days before he flatlined, and Sam and Dean were left orphans. After that they had both moved in with Bobby, Ellen and Jo, quickly becoming a part of their family.
“No, I can fly. Every gift is different. Mine comes with a variety of different powers, one of them being the ability to fly. Since you had your breakout and even passed out from it, it is certain that you have powerful abilities, we just need to figure out what they are. Since you have not learned how to control what you can do, it should not take long before you use your gift by accident. It is my job to make sure nobody gets hurt in the process. If you want, we could try to help things along so that I can show you around your new home.” Dean did not like the sound of that. “My new home? I don’t know what I did to deserve being brought into this nuthouse, but this is not my new home. I am not going to stay here and I certainly don’t have any powers. I don’t know how you did your floaty thing, but if you are telling the truth and Sam is here, I am going to find him and then we are both out of here.”
Dean dried himself off with a towel (clearly taken from the bathroom in his apartment) and walked over to the bag on his bed. Unceremoniously he dumped it out and went through the things to find something to wear. He put on his favorite Batman boxer briefs, dark sweatpants and a matching Batman t-shirt, not feeling like watching TV required jeans.
“I had a vision.” Metatron said matter-of-factly, as if that would explain everything.
The only answer Castiel needed was the long rumble Dean’s stomach made in that moment. “Let’s go then.” Without waiting for any other response, he led Dean to the cafeteria where they were serving home made shepherds pie.
Dean placed a gentle hand on Castiel’s cheek, making him look back up. “Believe me. I do want to. But not like this. Don’t let your brother manipulate you like that.” Castiel blushed even more, not knowing what to reply to that, he just felt incredibly embarrassed. “Maybe you should leave.” He said, avoiding Dean’s gaze again, stepping away from him. “No. Hey.”
He felt soft lips pressed against his shoulder and almost expected Dean to get up and leave. Dean did not do such thing though. Instead, he slid one arm around Castiel’s waist, snuggling up behind him, his whole chest flush with Castiel’s back. He kissed his shoulder again, not saying anything, simply holding him. “Thank you.” Castiel’s whisper was soft and he could feel Dean’s smile against his skin as Dean kissed the side of his neck. It was the only response Dean gave and Castiel smiled softly, placing his hand over Dean’s, entwining their fingers. He felt Dean’s warm breath against the back of his neck, Dean’s heat radiating through him, making him feel oddly safe. Castiel didn’t mean to fall asleep, but Dean’s embrace was so comfortable and warm that his eyes eventually closed and he drifted off into a deep, peaceful sleep.
” He runs a hand through his hair, sighing. “Is there… even a difference?”
Dean remembers the weight falling from his shoulders as he climbed through the rift with his arms wrapped around Cas, pulling him out of the Empty and back into their lives. Into his life.
Dean walks over to Cas, gently placing a hand between Cas’s shoulder blades. “Wanna’ break for the night and see what the takeout situation is around here?”
“I find wearing your clothing comforting.” He walks over to Dean, leaning in close. “Don’t act like you don’t like it, Dean.”
Cas discovered a love of refinishing furniture, using the skills he picked up from their time doing the floors to breathe new life into each piece of furniture they’ve thrifted down in town or found left out for free on back roads. One morning, far too early for Dean’s liking, he woke up to find Cas’s side of the bed cold and empty. When Dean went looking, he found Cas sitting in the living room, hair askew, sanding down and painting an old coffee table. Dean tried to coax him back to bed, pressing kisses along Cas’s neck and all but whining, but then Cas had explained that it helped him clear his head when his dreams grew dark and silent, an all too haunting reminder of his time spent in the Empty. Dean understood, kissed the top of Cas’s head, and brought him a cup of coffee before joining him on the floor.
They get the remaining windows done quickly after getting the rhythm down, and after finishing the two head back downstairs to the living room. Cas checks the fire, adding a few logs in, while Dean unrolls their temporary bed - an air mattress. Dean rolls out an old blanket they’d brought along and lays it down on the floor in front of the fireplace before positioning the air mattress on it. After making sure the fire is well stocked, Cas starts unpacking some clothes from their bags for the night, watching as Dean gets the air pump going and the mattress begins to inflate with a light buzzing sound.
“The snark this early in the morning is getting old, babe. Here as in... hanging up our boots. You know, alive. Whole. The ‘light at the end of the tunnel’ schtick.”
“We’re both going to fit on that?” Cas asks, giving the slowly rising mattress a questioning look.
It’s been a little over four months.
, man.”
Following Cas’s attempt at carrying Dean over the threshold, which ended in both of them laughing and Cas nearly knocking Dean’s head into the trim, the two make a few trips bringing in their bags from the Impala. They pile them all in the entryway before Dean makes one final trip to grab his tools and some sheets of plastic for the broken windows.
Cas squints at the two strips, holding them side by side. “Allegedly one is a warm toned gray and the other cold, however I’m beginning to think we should just do the matte
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas says, his breath warm against Dean’s neck, tickling slightly.
“Dean?” Cas asks, placing a hand on his shoulder.
Dean hums in agreement. “Yeah, I’d say we get this floor done first, seems like less to do up here. Wanna’ get that window done in the hall and then head down to get that busted out one in the kitchen?”
As they’re finishing up cleaning the kitchen and pantry, Dean’s stomach begins to growl, breaking the comfortable silence that had settled between them as they worked. He shakes his head, looking over at Cas kneeling on the floor trying to clear out the absurdly large dust bunnies that had taken over the pantry floor.
Cas laughs, the sound bringing a smile to Dean’s face. He can’t remember smiling this much in his life as he has since they signed the papers. “We’ll have to decide what floor we want to work on first. We should start up here, don’t you think?”
All in all, the house is slowly starting to feel lighter, warmer; more like a home.
Cas sighs and busies himself by changing into a pair of old sweatpants and one of Dean’s t-shirts then retrieves two pillows from their pile of bags. He throws the pillows onto their temporary bed with a groan, remembering just how comfortable their bed at the bunker was and mentally makes a note to convince Dean to go mattress shopping sooner than later. When Dean wanders back into the room, he doesn’t seem to notice the glare Cas is giving to their bed and instead, wordlessly digs for his toiletry bag, as well as his own pair of sweats and a thermal from his duffle.
He reads an ebook on his phone for a short time before finally deciding it would be best to get Dean to their actual bed before his legs fall asleep. Cas tries gingerly shaking Dean’s shoulder, only to be met by a hand slapping at his and Dean rolling over again.
No amount of diy vlogs, helpful Lowe’s employees or dumb luck, could solve their latest problem, brought on by finishing up the drywall - picking out paint colors.
“You love me.”
“You and the
Dean sighs and sits up, his hair a mess. He pouts at Cas, which nearly makes Cas burst out laughing. “Can’t believe I conked out and missed the pottery scene,” Dean says. “You tired me out with the paint samples, sweetheart.”
Cas puts the swatches down and walks over to the fridge. “We’ve stopped the apocalypse half a dozen times, I’m sure we can settle on a color for our bedroom.” He grabs each of them a beer, handing one to Dean before he continues. “There was that lovely soft green shade,” he says, giving Dean a smile.
He remembers feeling confused by the look of relief on Cas’s face when he told Cas they couldn’t leave with his grace.
“Haven’t used this thing in years.” Dean shrugs, sitting on the edge of the mattress and bouncing slightly. “Sam said it fits two.”
They both knew what they felt for each other, even though neither of them had ever said the three little words. Castiel had waited for a special moment and when Dean told him that he would be able to come live in DC with Dean, he had almost blurted them out. Special as the moment had been, Castiel felt like it was insufficient like he had to do it properly. He planned it all out, he talked to Adam and asked him to prepare a nice meal for two the last night Castiel and Dean would spend together on this island.
Charlie was the next one to come into the room, finding Cas still hidden under a heap of black feathers. She took a moment to take in the sight, realizing with horror that there were loose feathers lying in and around the bed. It wasn't until then that she heard the tiny sobs coming from underneath the heavy wings and noticed the apple pie on the bedside table. "Gabe.." She muttered to herself, well aware that Gabriel didn’t know about Dean’s love for apple pie. She couldn’t even begin to understand the pain that Castiel was in, but she knew she needed to help, so she did the only way she knew how.
take control of your mind. He can make you do things, say things, whatever he wants. He is the only reason we ever had to bury someone on this island. He took control of a man named Gordon Walker. Gordon worked a shift, and Azazel tried to force him to break them out. Charlie programmed everything too well though, the outside door only opens if both cell doors are locked and both Azazel and Alistair are in their cells. We came to rescue Gordon, but once Azazel gets into your head, his control also works over distance. Gordon killed himself that same day.”
What followed was an uneven struggle. Dean held back, knowing this was not his brother acting, unwilling to actually hurt him. He talked to him though, willing him to take control, begging Azazel to stop. None of it worked and Sam showered him in punches, any damage he did healing almost immediately. It still hurt Dean, but he could take it. This was only temporary and he had had worse. In a way, he deserved everything he got, for bringing this onto Sam and for not being there to help Meg.
“It feels like my emotions are more intense, less controllable. They build up inside me and I feel this incredible rush of energy. Seems like there is nothing I can do to stop it.” Sadly enough, Castiel knew exactly what Sam was talking about. “And when I give in to it, the weather changes. I didn’t realize how dangerous that was at fist. When I thought I could control the lightning, it was all just a matter of getting myself into the right head space to make it happen by itself and then clinging onto the feeling, controlling it. Instead, it controlled me and I almost killed Dean. Sorry about that.” He said with a nod directed towards Dean, which Dean replied with a genuine smile.
“Oh, Cas.” Charlie said and threw her arms around him, pulling him into a tight hug. “I am so sorry.” She added and Castiel hugged her back, looking at Gabriel over her head. “What is wrong?”
Dean nodded and followed Castiel to the living room where both men put on their shoes. “Definitely strange feelings. I don’t know why but I just know that this is a Gift that’s just waiting to be released.” Dean said and Castiel nodded, looking down at Dean who was still tying up his shoe laces. “Okay, come on then.” He said and held out a hand to help Dean up. “This is not something we want to do in the confinement of a building.” Dean smiled at Castiel and took his hand, letting him help him up. Then he simply didn’t let go of it again, holding it as they walked outside together.
“I am sorry, Cas. It's just that I don't like the idea of you being stuck here for the rest of your life. You should get to do whatever you want, go wherever you want. And as selfish and stupid as it might be, I don't want to have to leave and be without you forever. You're important to me.”
“I was in the cafeteria, eating, with Kevin and.. And…” Sam frowned, having a hard time remembering the moment. “What happened?” Sam asked and Dean explained that Sam had been controlled by Azazel and that he might still be in Sam's head.
“Dean can do whatever he wants. I’ll just go to my room. Alone.” He said, glaring at Kevin before leaving the room just as quickly as he had entered. “Teenagers, man.” Dean sounded apologetic as he made his way to the wardrobe. “Don’t worry, he’ll come around.”
Castiel nodded but didn't say anything, too worried about Dean to actually feel relieved. He didn't have to look for him, he knew Dean would want to be with Sam. Taking long, fast steps Cas caught up to him before Dean even reached the room.
Castiel didn’t know, but he was sure that, whatever Dean was trying to say, he felt the same. “Okay.” He said, unable to come up with more, unable to express the thoughts running through his mind. It wasn’t enough though, it was nowhere near enough and Dean leaned back in his seat with a small frown on his face. “Look, Cas. I’m not good with this whole relationship, open talking, honest thing. I’m only telling you this because I need to know where we stand. I’m gonna need a little more than an okay to work with.”
“Come.” Dean leaned his head back far enough to look at Castiel as he motioned for him to sit in the chair with him. So Castiel did. He walked around and straddled Dean's lap, facing him as he wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. It was not sexy or teasing in any way, he simply thought it might be comfortable to rest against Dean like that.
Castiel smiled and shook his head. “I don’t need many people. I have a brother here. He is – Well, he is not fit for civilization either.”
“You wish. This room is mine.” Sam said, getting up and grabbing the TV remote on his way to the couch. “You coming or what?” He asked, letting himself drop on the couch.
“It’s fine, really. It’s quite peaceful most of the time.” Castiel tried to explain as he saw Dean’s expression.
“Don’t be stupid. How are you going to find them if you can’t look at anyone? Take this, it will help you.” She said and placed a pair of sunglasses in his hand. They were pink mirror aviator sunglasses and Dean looked at her quizzically, pausing to think for the first time since he woke up. She was right, he could not go out there without any preparation. “Why would I want these?” It dawned on him as he spoke. “If he can't see my eyes, I'm good?” Meg nodded shortly and he nodded back, thankful for her help.
“Some people are just more simple minded than others. I personally have never looked at women that way but still get that everyone is different.” Castiel said and Dean looked at him, wondering what his frown was about then.
“It's okay, baby. I'm here. Let it all out. I'm here. I'm okay. You don't have to be sad anymore, I'm okay. I'm here for you.” Dean says it to make Cas feel better, but it is not true. He’s not okay. Now that the initial urgency of having to find Cas is gone, now that he is finally holding him again, Dean can feel all the suffering he went through. A single tear slips from his eye and his sore muscles are screaming at him to lie down, to give them the rest they deserve after working so hard to escape his personal hell. He can't do it tough, can't let go of Cas. Not yet. Cas needs him and right now, Cas' arms around him, the feeling of his body against Dean's is the only thing keeping Dean sane and safe.
John towered over him, a raging giant, ready to start throwing punches. Dean readied himself to avoid him, John was brutal and strong, but he was also very drunk so if Dean was quick he should be able to make it to Sammy’s room without taking a hit. He could lock himself in with Sam, wait until John finally passed out on the couch. “What are you waiting for. Pick it up, you little shit.” Even though slightly slurred, his father’s words dripped with loathing. Dean looked at the bottle that was lying to his feet, spilling liquor. He hadn’t meant to knock it over, but as soon as he saw it fall he knew he was in trouble. Dean didn’t want to pick it up, he knew that John would use his moment of vulnerability to start hurting him. Reluctantly, slowly he bent over to pick up the bottle, keeping an eye on John.
“I cannot guarantee that I am always in control. We cannot risk exposure.”
The sound made Dean flinch, and something inside his brain clicked. He spun around and sprinted towards the stairs, as quick as his legs would carry him. “Sam!” It was pathetic to call for his younger brother in this situation, but Dean needed him to hold the door open so he could get in the room as quickly as possible. They had practiced this several times already and Sam knew the drill. Dean ran up the stairs, John’s heavy steps close behind him.
Now that it was gone, Dean felt like a part of him was missing. His fingers traced the now smooth skin and he frowned to himself. The scar had been a constant, painful reminder of everything that had been taken from him far too early, but it had also been proof that Dean was strong. He had survived an abusive, alcoholic father. Whenever Dean felt sad, especially in his younger years, the scar had been there to remind him that things could be worse.
Absolute darkness surrounded him as he woke up. His whole body was aching and his back was sore, possibly from the uncomfortable, wooden surface he was lying on. Turning his head, he squinted his eyes and tried to make out anything about the room he was in, but everything was just pitch black. His body felt too weak to sit up but he lifted one arm to feel around him and frowned as he realized he was confined by walls on both of his sides. Reaching up he bumped his hand against the ceiling. Or was it a lid? Dean tried not to panic as he pushed against it with all his strength but it didn’t budge in the least. He seemed to be trapped in some kind of locked box. Dean tried his best to remember what brought him here, but his memory was fuzzy. He banged his hand against the wooden texture and silently cursed to himself. He reached into his pockets to take out his phone, but they were empty. Pulling himself together, and using all of the strength that was left in his aching muscles, he pushed against the lid. As he tried to push it open some dirt trickled onto him and his memory came rushing back, clear as day. He was buried. He had been dead, and now he was buried alive. How? He remembered being with Sam, in that terrible storm. There had been lightning and a rock and then… Nothing. Until he woke up here. It must have been Sam's gift. Azazel had somehow still controlled Sam and killed Dean. Only that he hadn't stayed dead. Somehow, he was alive, trapped in his own grave.
Dean heard the squirt of the lube and groaned hard as he felt Cas reach around him, another finger stroking Dean's rim before pressing in, stretching him further. “I need you.” Dean breathed, nothing more than a whimper and pulled out his fingers, convinced he was stretched enough to take Castiel's cock. He added generous amounts of lube onto Castiel’s cock, slicking him up efficiently.
He had almost fallen asleep as he heard the clattering of a bottle on the kitchen floor. “Seriously Dean…” He grumbled to himself and turned to his other side, closing his eyes again. The clattering was followed by a heavy thud and Sam sat up in his bed. “Dean?” He asked into the dark, unsure what was going on. Sleepily he fumbled for his phone and turned it on, the bright screen illuminating his room. “Dean?” Sam tried again, a little louder this time. As he got no response he got out of bed and stepped into the hallway, calling for his brother again. “Dean, come on this isn’t funny.”
“Dean, he'll kill me.” Sam said, pulling his ties, breathing quick as he fought not to panic. “Please, you have to untie me, he'll –“ Sam’s mouth stayed open, but no sound came out. It took Dean a second to realize what was happening. Sam had stopped breathing.
Castiel felt like an intruder, watching what clearly was a private moment. He hated the way Dean's voice shook as he spoke, hated that Dean felt responsible. Dean's voice broke with his last words and in a second, Cas was next to him, placing a hand on his shoulder, offering support in the only way he knew how.
“We need to figure out what to do.” Castiel concluded his short resume of the current events.
Dean nodded, even though he was not sure he understood what Castiel was talking about. “I am sorry about that. How long have you been living here?”
“It's over, Azazel. You lost.” Cas said coolly as Sam went limp in his arms, passing out for the second time this day.
Despite the nod Dean gave, he did not look convinced. Nevertheless he followed Castiel as he led the way to Chuck’s rooms.
“Definitely.” Dean replied with a smirk and crossed the room, pulling Cas close. Their plan to keep their hands off of each other was quickly discarded and they indulged in a make out session that had both of them panting in no time. Castiel finally pulled back and rested his head on Dean's shoulder, smiling against the crook of his neck. “We really should get going.”
“Where am I? Who are you?” The man’s gaze was intense and Dean had to fight the urge to step back. Dean felt intimidated by the pure power the man seemed to emit. “I’m sure you have a lot of questions but please sit down first. It is in nobody’s interest if you pass out and hurt yourself. Again.” Dean frowned and sat down on his bed reluctantly. If he wanted to have a chance to get out of here any time soon he would have to recover as quickly as possible. He held the man’s gaze and waited for him to start talking. Instead, the man took his time, the door falling closed behind him as he fully stepped into the room. Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding as they finally broke eye contact. “My name is Castiel. I was assigned to mentor you and I am here to answer every question you might have. Right now you are at a facility that helps people like us take control of our powers. You and your brother are safe here. It is not unusual that Sam has had his breakout already so you don’t have to worry about that, he is safe in the next room.”
“Your brother is awake.” He said, stepping next to Dean, joining him at the window to watch the storm. Loud thunder rumbled, lightning illuminating Deans face as he looked at Castiel, who was suddenly very aware of how close he was to Dean.
“It's not stupid, Dean. I care for you as well.” Dean smiled stupidly at Castiel, leaning up to kiss him once more, bringing one hand up to cradle Cas' face.
Dean tried to hold eye contact, he wanted to watch Castiel's beautiful face, but he was so riled up that he couldn't bear it any longer. The drag of Castiel's length against his own had him rolling his head back, mouth falling open in a silent gasp.
“It’s 9pm.” Sam replied, raising an eyebrow at Dean. “If you want we could watch a movie, they gave me the TV.” He added with a grin and a nod to the large flat-screen hung up on the wall.
They left the room and stepped into a long, well lit hallway. “This is the living area, behind all these doors are rooms similar to yours. This room next to yours is Sam’s. I think we should let Kevin try to get through to him. We can check on him later.” The way Castiel acted never ceased to amaze Dean. One second he was kissing him breathless and the next he was casually explaining facts as if nothing happened. “For now I suggest we go to the cafeteria, you must be starving.”
It was an impossible task to fulfill at the moment, bleeding and weakened as he was. Sam knew he did not stand a chance against his brother now. He would have to be smart about this, wait until he was healed and wait until he was alone with him. Dean trusted him, let his guard down around him so it should not be a problem to take him out.
That hand is going in him, he thinks, and stops himself right there. That will not be unpacked in front of his little brother and son.
Cas looks a good decade older, though, slightly worn-out. Probably about as worn-out as Dean. He even has small patches of grey at his temples, and Dean feels lighter knowing that Cas, this body that is not only
. In the corner of his eye, he can see that Cas is looking at him and smiling.
“Hello, Dean,” he says with a smile and, just like that, all is right.
“Sammy, man, I get it. It was a close call, yadda yadda yadda. But we been having close calls our whole lives, you can’t start getting like this now that I’m, what, closed to 50 than I’d like to admit.” Dean’s trying to keep it light, but also… it’s not really something he’s eager to talk about. Again.
“Complex enough to potentially leave a mark,” Sam says and glances at Dean. He looks back at Cas immediately.
“I didn’t think you’d remember,” he hears himself say, but the words sound slurred. He’s not handling this well. Cas’ hand is a comforting weight on his chest.
“Eh… maybe? I mean-“
I do not know how, but I know it is so."
“I want you to hold me,” Dean says, and Cas moves his other hand to cradle Dean’s face. Dean puts one hand on Cas’ hip and the other around his back.
“I was scared, foolishly I guess, that you wouldn’t, that the- that it wouldn’t- be there. I- I was just stupid, I guess,” he confesses lamely, and the blush is back. Dean feels a wave of fondness so intense that he can’t stop the laughter bubbling out of him.
“What-what does i-it feel like?” he manages to get out. He knows there are tears fighting to spill over, but he won’t let them, not yet. Cas is wide-eyed and slack-jawed, a sheen of sweat lining his hairline.
Cas just looks at him, eyes roaming all over his face and down to his chest, and Dean lets himself be looked at. He lets himself be seen.
Cas, however, will not relent.
speaking first.
He has to say something before he literally explodes.
He will be that for Cas. He
Cas breathes in a shuddering breath. A tear spills down his cheek, his eyes light up with grace, and he finally smiles. Dean registers a wave of pleasure just beneath the pain, which is so intense now he’s sure he’ll push Cas’ hand out. But he whispers
“Was it like last time?” Dean’s curious. They’ve never had this conversation, not explicitly at least. Dean doesn’t remember Castiel pulling him out of Hell. It must have been a hundred times more intense than what happened today. He’s torn between feeling relief and regret at not remembering.
“I really did like it,” Dean says. He’s not sure yet if that’s a complete lie.
his sternum, and alright, this is really not nice.
“Fuck, you guys weren’t lying,” he groans.
Dean wants to shake him by his shoulder and tell him to snap out of it.
“Sammy, hate to break it to ya, but I don’t think you can blame that on livin’ on the edge anymore,” he says as he gets out of the car. Sam follows him.
He did. Or maybe he just brushed it? He definitely didn’t
Sam’s hit the nail on the head.
He reminds himself that it isn’t a matter of being allowed; he carved this space out for himself, for them, made it for them to share, and paid the price many times over. And now, finally, there is no price to pay, only a life to live.
“How is that in any way an indication that you really are ok, man? We’ve been doing this long enough, and after that stupid nail-“
The cup the witch used for her spell. Dean thinks about it for a second. People hold it and become possessed or cursed, or whatever.
“I don’t know if that’s necessary,” Cas says, but he’s looking at the ground. He can’t seem to meet Dean’s eye, which is, yeah, it sure
“Yes,” Cas whispers, inches away from him. “Yes, I’m happy. You make me happy.”
Because this was
“Sorry, I- it’s- I haven’t thought about it in a while, the details of it,” he says. “I think about it often, but in much lighter terms.”
, but
, Dean thinks to himself. Sam looks confused by the look as well, although not pissed off as Dean feels.
Dean and Cas shout at the same time.
Dean sits up and scoots closer to Cas, who turns to face him straight on. Their shins touch and Dean reaches down and strokes a finger on Cas’ knee.
Dean laughs, and Sam cracks a smile at that.
“There could be something on it, yeah,” Sam says, turning to Cas. “D’you think you could, you know…” he tapers off when Cas turns to him, frowning.
think about that right now. “What I meant is… I trust you, man. Yeah, you’d hurt me, but you’d heal me right after.”
The thing is. The thing is, Dean knows he’s being a child. Difficult and obtuse on purpose, but he’s been a repressed cuck his whole life, sue him. Having the man of your dreams confess his love and then
“Are you ready?” he asks. Dean nods curtly, and before he has a chance to protest, he feels something pushing through his chest and
So what if he wants to spend it with him. Dean’s earned something good in his life, too. He repeats Cas’ words to himself every day, sometimes looking at himself in the mirror, sometimes when he feels his strength waiver.
“Does it mean anything if I say I feel fine again?”
“Dean,” he rasps. What a pair they make, barely holding it together. “I’m-“
"Think of the Soul;
Thinking about it sometimes used to make Dean lightheaded, still does, really, when he imagines Castiel leaving a mark of some kind on his soul. He must have – the physical evidence was right there on his shoulder, and is still there years later, only weaker.
It’s just- it’s different when you’ve sobered up, when the aftershocks have worn off and you don’t feel like you’ll die on the spot if you don’t show some weakness and affection.
on the fucking spot, immediately after, will do a number on you.
, he thinks, and laughs.
“Oh the
“Seriously, man. Why do you keep giving me condescending stink-eye?”
, he thinks,
They’re quiet for a while; Dean’s looking down, tracing shapes on Cas’ jeans, circles, lines, Enochian gibberish that he knows he’s getting wrong, something, something,
They pass another mile in silence. Dean is
“It- I really think there are other ways,” he grits out, and Dean snaps.
He looks lost for a moment, eyes still closed. Dean places a hand on top of Cas’, the one that is still on his chest. Cas opens his eyes.
, Dean thinks. Sam knows Cas is a soft spot, has always known it, but after they brought him back and Dean told him about what Cas had said to him before he died, Sam’s been treating it like something sacred and gentle, and more openly and easily than Dean has been able to.
They’re looking at each other like a pair of love-sick teens. Dean feels 20 years younger. He waves Cas away, a smile playing on his face.
“What the hell does that mean?” Sam sounds offended for a moment, but then decides to take the easy road. “It’s just… you touched that cup, right?”
Cas is looking at him, and Dean feels it again, the warmth of his grace spreading around and through him. Like being caressed by wings.
Dean’s starting to get that bad feeling about it again just as Cas turns back to look at him. They maintain eye contact for longer this time and Dean, despite the situation, feels himself relaxing. He can see it in Cas’ shoulders as well, can see the tension slowly seeping away.
“Why didn’t you wanna do it?” He has to know. Cas looks at him for a few moments.
Fucking embarrassing.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, and adds quickly before Dean can protest, “I know it was painful. Having someone touch your soul is never a comfortable experience.”
“Yes, and no. You were more… responsive, let’s say, last time. You held onto me, but you didn’t trust me. Your soul, that is. And you wanted- Christ, Dean, you kept going back, I had to hold you close and carry you. And then after a while you latched onto me, I- I felt- It was so-“
What, the guy can admit his love and then fucking die, but a little painful foreplay is out of the question? Dean knows he’s going to have to dissect that later, but he’s got more pressing issues at hand.
Dean makes some kind of embarrassing whimper in the back of his throat and he sees Cas snap out of whatever trance he was in. He looks terrified and goes to withdraw his hand. Before he knows what he’s doing, Dean latches onto his wrist and keeps him there.
Dean realizes, somewhat belatedly, that he must have gone through quite a face journey and that all these things he feels for Cas must have somehow been channeled to his face because Cas is looking at him softly, a small smile tugging on his lips. Dean breaks eye contact.
Cas places a hand on the center of his chest and pushes him down. Dean finds himself on his back, breathless.
“Dean, no offense, but you do remember that a few of our, as you put it, ‘close calls’,” and he does quotation marks with his hands; Dean thinks of Cas again, ”resulted in like, actual deaths and time spent in Hell. Things with genuinely serious consequences. Yadda yadda yadda,” he adds for good measure.
“For letting me- for letting me touch your soul again,” Cas says. Even in the darkened room, Dean can see the slight blush on Cas’ face. He’s pretty sure angels can’t blush, but then again, Cas is about as special as they come.
“Yeah, didn’t think so,” Dean huffs. “Well, what do you want me to do?”
“And from what I understand, the witch got away?” Cas marches on like Dean hasn’t said anything. He turns to Sam as he says it. Sam nods, looking apologetic.
your Soul somehow to live in other spheres;
, and Dean swore to himself that night in his bed that he would do things differently.
“It’ll show up on my soul? I thought it’s just if it’s, y’know… claimed, or whatever,” he says, going for nonchalance, but not really getting there. He can’t go down that particular rabbit hole now. And he knows he doesn’t need to, he doesn’t need reassurance that Cas marked him, remade him, made him his, when he heard him confess his love. It’s fine, it is fine.
, Dean thinks as he steps inside. He has a bad feeling about it already.
Cas is equally difficult.
“I-I mean, not like. We can, you know-,” he mumbles, not really sure what he means to say. Would he let Cas hurt him? For fuck’s sake, Winchester, do
Castiel looked down at it and nodded slowly, suddenly regretting even opening the box at all.
Once everything was cleaned up and Sam was no longer lying on the hard floor, Dean turned to Gabriel only to find him still staring. “You got anything to say?” Dean asked, well aware why Gabriel was angry with him. He was beating himself up about it enough, he did not need Gabriel's silent judgement.
Even though he knew what was coming, the back of John’s hand colliding with his face made him stumble and fall to his knees, dropping the bottle once more. Tears stung in his eyes as his face throbbed with searing pain, but he knew not to cry, crying only upset John further. “I said. Pick it up!” John shouted at his son, making the 14 year old boy flinch before scrambling to pick up the bottle. He placed it on the table carefully and turned to leave, hoping John was done with him. He tried to make his way past John, but his father grabbed his arm, holding him hard enough to bruise. Dean clenched his teeth to stop himself from making any sound and let his father spin him back around.
Castiel almost gave in, but then only smiled at Dean, slowly shaking his head. “As inviting as that looks, we should have breakfast. How do you feel about bacon and pancakes?” Castiel said, feeling like something special was appropriate, to maybe help Dean forgive the events of the evening before. The way Dean’s face lit up as he nodded eagerly showed Castiel that he had made the right call. “Good. Bacon and pancakes it is then. I’ll just quickly take a shower and then get started in the kitchen. Feel free to look around the apartment.”
“Dean?” Cas said and Dean realized he had not heard a single word of what Castiel had said. “Everything alright?” He was about to get back up, but Dean quickly joined him on the floor, sitting close to him. “I’m good. Sorry. What were you saying?”
“I find them very exciting. They are my way of learning about a world that I cannot be part of.” Castiel said, and he did not mean for it to sound this bitter, but Dean’s skeptical expression immediately changed into something different. Softer, almost pitiful. Castiel had seen that expression many times over the years and he hated it. “Gee, Cas. Way to make me feel bad about myself. I’m sorry.”
“I hate to interrupt, but your brother is waiting right through that door.” She said with a sly smirk, eyes shamelessly trained on the bulge forming in Dean's pants. “Because as much as I would love to see this show, I meant what I said. You should not leave him alone tonight.” Her eyes wandered up Dean's body, but instead of looking at his face she looked over his shoulder at Castiel. Even though Dean could not see Cas' face, it was clear that there was some sort of unspoken communication going on. It took a few moments of rapidly changing facial expressions before Meg finally threw her arms up in defeat.
Also, I updated the warnings. I know I said the tags would be updated as I go, but I feel a little guilty since I knew where this story was headed before I even started writing it. The character death does not happen in this chapter but it will happen eventually, so this is your heads-up.
“Somehow I don’t believe you.” Castiel said, looking Dean in the eyes challengingly. “So what if I don’t?” Dean asked with a playful grin, already pulling Castiel to the bathroom with him. “I really think we should shower alone. You can come to my room afterwards if you want and we could watch that movie?” Castiel asked, hoping Dean would want to spend time with him even if they weren’t going to have sex or talk about the Institute. He liked Dean a lot, and he also got the feeling that Dean felt the same but he was not sure.
“Sounds good to me.” Cas said and tried to stand up but was held back by Dean's strong arm around his waist.
Dean suddenly felt the incredible urge to look left and managed to stop himself by pure instinct. “Do not look anyone in the eyes, Sam. Keep your head down. He's here.”
“Few days rest and you’ll be good as new.” She said with a smile before turning to Dean. “Tell me what happened.”
“I do not understand my full potential yet either. I don’t know if I ever will. My body produces and releases energy at all times. Like I already said, at first I emitted a bright light. To stop that I had to learn to channel it elsewhere, which is what I am doing right now. Chuck, the master of this Institute, has a good understanding of gifts and how they work. He was the one who proposed the idea that my gift could be more than just shining a light, I just had to learn to control it. Up until now I can create light, heat and movement. The more I actively use it, the better I get.” Castiel explained, purposefully leaving out the part about his wings, still hoping Dean did not see them.
“I was wondering. What exactly happens during a breakout?” He tried to sound casual but he had to know if scars disappearing was normal. If it wasn’t, it could be a hint at what his gift was.
Finally, when Dean still didn't react, Castiel simply walked into the room. Dean was sitting in the armchair, now next to Sam's bed. He was holding his younger brother's hand, and the look on his face was so utterly desperate that Castiel couldn't stay annoyed with him. He walked up behind him and placed his hands on Dean's shoulders, smiling softly as Dean leaned into the touch.
“He's… old. He knows things. Do you have any better ideas?” Castiel said, trying not to let his own feelings get the better of him. Dean looked so sad and hopeless, he wanted to pull him into his arms and hold him until this was all over. He wanted to fix things, wanted to kill Azazel for hurting Dean like this. He couldn't though. Not without threatening his own mental health. So instead he helped Dean to stand up and pressed a chaste kiss to his lips. “We're in this together, okay? We will find a solution.” They had to.
Charlie eyed the man in front of her one last time, deciding that she might accept him. His answer seemed genuine and even though she totally preferred the ladies, she could appreciate a handsome male face. She could see Castiel coming towards them and Dean's whole face lit up as Castiel hugged him from behind, pressing a quick kiss to Dean's cheek. Yep. She definitely liked him. Only here a few days and both of them already seemed head over heels for each other.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. There is now one, maybe two chapters left, then this will finally be done. I already said it in last chapter's comments, but no matter how much you hate to see our boys suffering (and I know you do, I do too), please don't stop reading, the next chapter is the first chapter I ever wrote and the only reason this did even exists.
Azazel's smug voice echoed through his head and Sam fell to his knees, all the wind suddenly stopping as the shock finally broke the bond between him and Azazel.
“We’re not gonna loop on this like some lovesick teens - sleep,” Dean teases, forgetting that he said it first this time.
sorry this took a little longer than planned to post and that it’s a shorter chapter than the last, life has been you know, life. i hope you’re all doing well and i will do my best to update the next chapter as soon as i can. thank you for all the kind words, patience, and support. 🖤
“We’re both going to fit on that?” Cas asks, giving the slowly rising mattress a questioning look.
Dean rolls his eyes, interrupting him by gently bumping Cas’s shoulder with his own.
Dean sighs, tucking his chin over Cas shoulder. “It’s just,” Dean takes a deep breath and continues, “I’m glad we’re here. I’m - I’m so fucking happy to be here with you and to have this and I - it’s just gonna take me a bit to wrap my head around this being real.”
“You're insufferable.” Cas quips, affection behind it.
Cas climbed out first, their boots crunching in the snow as they walked toward the house.
Before Dean can ask for the tape, he feels a hand in his back pocket and a blush creeps up the back of his neck. “Feelin’ a little handsy today, Cas?”
After cleaning off the Impala with a new snow brush, purchased at Cas’s suggestion at some gas station on their way through New York, Dean makes the fifteen minute drive into the snow to pick up their food. Dean returns to find Cas sitting in front of his laptop, typing away and squinting at the screen. Dean smirks, walking up behind Cas and leaning down to press a kiss to the top of his head, effectively catching him off guard and nearly making Cas knock over his laptop that had been precariously stacked on his duffle bag.
Dean takes a moment, considering. “Can we start with
the individual at the paint counter suggested.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “You’re gonna have to let my hand go so I can call in the food, Romeo,” he teases, a faint pink color spreading across his cheeks.
Cas climbs into bed and curls up against Dean’s back, wrapping an arm around Dean’s middle. Dean shifts, pressing his back more closely to Cas and turns his head back, awkwardly angling for a kiss. Cas meets him halfway, lightly kissing Dean before tucking his nose against Dean’s neck.
Cas nods. “Of course. Although I was hoping you’d show me a few moves from
They talk for nearly an hour before Sam and Eileen notice Dean starting to nod off, his head dropping to Cas shoulder, and they say their goodbyes for the night. Cas closes the laptop and starts clearing away their trash from dinner, noticing that Dean seems distracted. He heads into the kitchen, leaving Dean to quietly check his phone. After discarding the garbage and checking the plastic over the broken kitchen window, Cas returns to the living room where he finds Dean restocking the fire, still noticeably quiet.
“Cas, we’ve been looking at these swatches for hours.” Dean picks up another paint strip of gray hues and sets it down on the counter amidst the sea of other nearly identical shades. “I really think we just need to pick up some samples and slap them on the wall to see what we like because I’m not seeing a difference between
“You were the one who put it there,” Cas says, feigning innocence as he tears off several pieces of tape. “And you were also the one who said it’s been quite some time since we’ve had this much time alone together.”
Cas smiles, warmth spreading across his cheeks. “I love you too.”
“To Vermont? Yes, actually. The estimated arrival time on your phone was quite -“
“Must be working a case with Kaia,” he quietly muses to himself. Cas frowns, his mind quickly running through the options most readily available.
Cas presses a quick kiss to Dean’s lips, “That remains to be seen.” He plucks the brown paper bag from Dean’s hands and begins to unpack their dinner.
“Sam lied. Big enough for two my ass.”
“Little help over here, Cas?” Dean asks, looking over his shoulder and gesturing to the straps hanging loosely in his hands behind his back.
is literally just... white.” Dean turns around, exasperated, leaning his back against the counter and crossing his arms.
Dean follows him into the room, walking over to the fireplace and looking up into the inner hearth. “We should probably get a fire going, then maybe we can tackle getting plastic over the broken window upstairs and the one in the kitchen?”
Cas shakes his head before looking up at Dean. “If you make me break my laptop, I’m not sharing any wontons with you,” Cas says, fixing Dean with a glare even though his words don’t hold any real heat.
The lack of an eye roll emoji is not lost on Cas and he smiles fondly at the screen.
Dean smiles and turns his head towards Cas, pressing a light kiss to the corner of his mouth, “In a minute. I just wanna take this all in.”
“We are going to sleep.” Cas kisses him again, just as softly as before. “I was just speeding up the process.” Cas pulls back the covers on his side of the bed, watching as Dean awkwardly shuffles back on the bed to the same.
“I’ll lock up,” Dean stands then heads out into the hallway.
Dean yawns, placing a hand over Cas’s hand resting on his stomach. “‘Night, Cas.” He pauses, the next few words spoken so quietly Cas nearly misses them. “Love you.”
“We didn’t even get to-“ Before Dean can finish his sentence, Cas lightly pushes him back onto the bed, the sudden movement throwing Dean off.
Four months since defeating Chuck. Three months since Jack used his newfound powers to open a rift to the Empty and they went toe-to-toe with yet another being older than time itself. Dean remembers the feeling of the Empty quaking, screaming out in pain, as Jack used his newfound, god-like strength to hold it back while Dean searched for Cas.
“Did you think we’d ever make it here?” Dean asked.
Dean yawns, happy to be lead upstairs.
Dean knew it wouldn’t be easy, leaving the bunker and ultimately Sam - they’d spent the majority of their lives living basically on top of each other - but he had Eileen and they needed their own space too. They needed a chance to find their own rhythm together. While Dean had his doubts, when they pulled up to the old house and saw the way Cas’s eyes lit up, he knew that they had made the right call.
After the progress of the last few weeks, they’ve finally hit a wall.
He kisses Dean’s forehead. “You’re restless,” Cas remarks, a yawn spilling out. “What’s wrong?”
“Deal.” Dean smiles, kissing Cas before reaching behind him for more swatch options.
Dean gives Cas a dopey smile and drapes an arm across Cas’s shoulder as he takes in the sight before them. The farmhouse needs work - boards are missing from the front porch, a few windows are cracked or shattered, and hell if it doesn’t look like Dean should take a crowbar out of Baby’s trunk before they go inside. Many would shy away from taking on this project, but Dean saw the potential and knew that the two of them could bring this place back to life. It would be a lot of work, but it was everything Dean’s ever wanted. A place to make his own - to make their own. It may not be much right now, but it’s theirs and they’ll get to make it into a home.
Cas takes a deep breath, shuffling closer to Dean, though it hardly seems possible with how closely they're standing together, “We should call Sam and Eileen, tell them we made it. I’m sure they’re waiting to hear from us.”
Dean thinks maybe it was when Sam and Eileen started picking up hunts again, long after Jack had gone back to Heaven. While both he and Cas kept themselves busy around the bunker, everything seemed too quiet, too big. The bunker had once felt like home; a home that Dean had been grateful to have after so many years of living in a slew of rundown motels and in his car. But it didn’t really feel the same now. Not with everything they’d been through.
Still feeling a bit skeptical, but trusting Dean’s reassurance, Cas gets up and grabs their two sleeping bags from the hall. They unzip the two completely, laying the first down to cover the mattress and then the second as their blanket. With their makeshift bed assembled for the night, they start cleaning the main floor. They sweep and dust every room, and even find a questionable fuzzy pile of something in a back closet. As the hours pass, Cas’s list of repairs and changes grows, but despite the age of the home and being abandoned for nearly a year, it’s in pretty good shape. there’s plenty of cosmetic fixes that need to be done but they have all the time in the world to pick at each project.
Cas nods, leaning down and kissing Dean softly. “Of course, Dean.”
“Yeah, yeah it is.” Dean says, barely above a whisper. He pulls back and presses a kiss to Cas’s lips. “And we’re going mattress shopping tomorrow, this is gonna be hell on my back.”
you have to agree to pick the rest of the colors without me,” Dean groans. “If I have to look at another one of these paint strips I’m gonna’ lose my mind.”
beforehand.”
“The inspector said it was good to go?” Cas asked, picking up a few pieces of wood from the bundle they’d brought in earlier with their bags.
After they spend a few moments in the quiet, watching the snow flurries fall and looking toward the next step in their life together, Cas pulls away from Dean’s side and walks back to the Impala. Dean raises an eyebrow when he stops to pop open the trunk. Dean looks confused when instead of the first of their bags, Cas pulls out his old coat and brings the bundle of fabric to him. Dean unrolls the rumpled coat, revealing a gift - a tool belt.
Cas shakes his head, moving to stand behind Dean and taking the straps of his tool belt in his hands, “You’re fully capable of doing this yourself, Dean.”
“Dean, we did not buy the quote un quote rolls royce of mattresses for you to sleep on this lumpy couch.” Cas frowns, shaking Dean again.
“Yes, I think that’s for the best,” Cas frowns, looking down at his phone before he continues, “it’s supposed to keep snowing through the night.”
Dean shakes his head and laughs. “Yeah, yeah, let’s get to work. You gonna carry me over the threshold first though?”
He remembers Cas gripping at his shirt, pulling him close and kissing Dean in the dim light of his bedroom.
Cas heads off to the bathroom, leaving Dean in the hallway with a blush creeping up the back of his neck. After a steadying breath and a shake of his head, Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and follows after Cas.
He doesn’t, however, remember exactly when they both felt the itch to find their own place.
I’ll hopefully have another chapter for all of you next week. Thank you for all of your kind comments here and on tumblr - I wouldn’t have bothered to keep writing this if it wasn’t for all of you! Please feel free to send me an ask on tumblr if you want.
Cas shakes his head, leading Dean to the stairwell. “Sleep first, you can sass me about paint choices tomorrow.”
“I promise that tomorrow I’ll go easy on you with trim color options,” Cas says. “It’s either eggshell or cream.” The impish grin on Cas face makes Dean groan.
“Thought you said sleep,” Dean says, a grin on his face as he stares up at Cas
“We’ve got work to do, Dean,” Cas says, a playful grin on his face, his eyes shining bright.
Cas doesn’t let go of Dean’s hand and instead intertwines their fingers, his expression soft. “You just want me to bake you a pie without burning the house down.”
Dean rubs his eyes with the back of his hand and gives Cas a tired smile, “Just tired. You wanna’ hit the hay?”
Cas smiles and presses a quick kiss to the back of Dean’s neck as he finishes tying the loops in place. “I do.” He playfully taps Dean on the ass and walks towards the room just off the main entryway. “What’s first?”
“If I say yes to the
They spent an hour earlier that day collecting swatches at the store and Dean was now deeply regretting bringing home so many different options.
Dean stands, stretching his back and helping Cas up, his legs half asleep from Dean using them as a pillow for the last hour and a half.
“Windows first then,” Dean says, his knees slightly cracking as he stands. “Let’s go scope out the damage.”
Dean smiles. “Sue me for wanting to get your hands on me. We haven’t had this much time alone together in… well, forever, shit.”
“Haven’t used this thing in years.” Dean shrugs, sitting on the edge of the mattress and bouncing slightly. “Sam said it fits two.”
“I have a proposition for you then,” Cas says, moving to stand in front of Dean and placing his hands on the counter, his arms bracketing Dean against the counter. “If you help me pick out at least two colors, one for the bedroom and one for the rest of the house, we take a break for the weekend and do a Swayze movie marathon.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Two weeks ago both he and Cas had made the trip in to get their keys from the listing agent and get the inspection done. Dean thankfully had the foresight to get the electric turned on and Cas had taken on the burden of finishing things up at the bank and making sure their forged documents all checked out. They even set up a damn checking account for god's sake. For two people considered legally dead it had been surprisingly easy with Eileen’s help, as well as Charlie’s faithful no-limit credit card, to get everything set up.
“It’s hard for me to believe as well,” Cas offers, running a hand down Dean’s back. “But it is real, Dean.”
“Yeah, everything came back fine, surprisingly,” Dean took the first few pieces from Cas, arranging them in the hearth, “this place actually wasn’t in as bad of shape as we thought.”
Cas puts the swatches down and walks over to the fridge. “We’ve stopped the apocalypse half a dozen times, I’m sure we can settle on a color for our bedroom.” He grabs each of them a beer, handing one to Dean before he continues. “There was that lovely soft green shade,” he says, giving Dean a smile.
he types.
The air mattress proves to be just as uncomfortable as suspected.
“You mean
Riding on that boost of confidence from completing the floors, they even managed to change out the drywall in their master bathroom. They made quick work of patching the other panels throughout the house, as well as replacing another that had water damage in what they hoped would become a guest room for Sam and Eileen, or maybe Claire and Kaia. Hell, anyone in their makeshift family would be welcome if they made the trek. They even found the time to change out the tub in their bathroom for a large clawfoot tub that Cas had insisted on the same day they picked out their new mattress weeks ago.
The night they sat Sam and Eileen down and told them about their plan, showed them the house that he and Cas had found through Zillow, didn’t go as well as Dean would have hoped. The conversation had started awkwardly then slowly devolved into a heated argument. Both Dean and Sam yelled, Dean knocked a mug off the table, and it had eventually led to both Cas and Eileen coming between the two brothers. But in the end, with his head hung low and tears in his eyes, Sam had understood. He understood why Dean wanted this, why he wanted to have this chance to start his own life with Cas.
Dean coughs, breaking Cas out of his daze.
Cas has a look of understanding on his face when he finds Dean building a headboard at six in the morning a week later. Cas doesn’t say a word, instead opting to make them both coffee and read a tattered book while Dean works.
They fumbled their way through tackling the wood floors, bringing the original white oak panels from dull and unfinished to rich and dark. It had been a learning curve for both of them - a combination of various YouTube tutorials and each of them taking a few workshops at their local Lowe’s. It had taken more time than they’d hoped and Cas still finds himself glaring at one section in the hallway where the sealer doesn’t seem to take as nicely as the rest. Dean doesn’t see a difference but it doesn’t stop him from teasing Cas about it when they come in the front door from time to time.
“Awesome.” Dean breathed while filling his plate, only now realizing how long it must have been since he last ate and how empty his stomach was. Castiel took a little food for himself and joined Dean at one of the tables. He was not particularly hungry at the moment but he did not want to make Dean eat alone.
Sam on the other hand took one look at his older brother and figured it out immediately. “Oh my god, Dean, gross.” Sam exclaimed, making a disgusted face and shaking his head. “Don’t invite me to your hook-ups!”
Sam sat up as Meg dragged Dean out of the room. The movement disturbed his wound and he winced, dropping back down into his pillows. He kept his eyes trained on the door, willing it to let some sound through, wondering what she was telling Dean.
Castiel used his wings to be fast enough to block Deans way and showed the other a part of the energy that inherited his body. He did not mean to let his wings cast a shadow, but most of the time he spent all of his energy on concealing them from any other person’s view and touch. Now, using his energy to prove that he was telling the truth was impossible without letting them show in some way.
Castiel and Dean took care of carrying Sam, Dean hooking his arms under Sam's, Castiel taking the legs. Gabriel followed them, not much of a help as he was still busy worrying about Meg.
Castiel whimpered as Dean continued to tease him mercilessly. He couldn't tear his eyes off Dean's body, watching his muscles move underneath the smooth skin as Dean writhed on Castiel's cock. He tried to stay still, tried to give Dean all the time he needed, but as perfect as the friction was, it wasn't enough. He wanted, no he
“I just want you to know that I like you, Cas. I am spending time with you because I like spending time with you and I don’t care how experienced you are. You are pretty damn hot and so was everything we did so far. Even though I’d be thrilled to have sex with you again, I will not do so because you want to prove something to your brother. Don’t get me wrong, I am no stranger to casual hookups, but this… whatever it is what we have -” Dean paused, searching for the right words. “- it means…
“The cells?” Dean asked, noticing how Castiel had tried to be extra casual about it.
Castiel swallows thickly, averting his eyes once more as they fill with tears. “I'm so sorry, Dean.” He says and swallows again, hating how much the tears are audible in his voice. He hates how he seems to constantly live on the verge of tears. Dean is back, he should be happy. The tears that fall from his eyes are not tears of joy though. He feels guilty, sad and so emotionally drained that he doesn't even have the energy to make a sound as the tears run down his cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
I know I said Azazel and Alistair would be dealt with in this one but I think it already is enough of an emotional rollercoaster as it is. Next one will deal with that, and i feel like I'm not even spoiling anything when saying that there will be a happy ending. Our guys deserve it. Should I put that in the tags to let people know this is Angsty but not really MCD all the way? I personally hate spoilers like that but I understand that I gave some of you guys some grief. One last time: Sorry about that.
“Hey.” Dean protested as Castiel left him entirely exposed and quickly placed a pillow in his lap before Castiel could open the door. Without waiting for an invitation Gabriel stormed into the room. “You two need to get dressed, right now. Your brother beat up my girl.” Gabriel said, pointing an accusing finger at Dean.
“Enjoying the show?” Dean asked with a playful grin, now rather flexing than stretching. He dropped his arms with a low chuckle and winked at Cas who quickly averted his eyes. He could feel the blush spread across his cheeks because he got caught staring, once again. Dean picked up his clothes from the day before and turned to Castiel, looking as though he wanted to say something but then decided otherwise.
Dean’s smile was warm as he spoke, but Castiel felt embarrassed nevertheless. He avoided Dean’s gaze, blushing deeply. “I’m sorry, Dean.” He was acting like a stupid virgin all over again and Dean was so sweet, Castiel hated himself for chickening out of it. “No need to apologize. I get it.” Dean said and Castiel forced himself to look back at him. “How about we just watch a movie? I bet we could connect my laptop to the Wi-Fi.” Dean said, stepping away and walking over to the desk to pick up his laptop. Castiel nodded slowly as Dean looked at him again. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s a good idea.”
By the time Benny arrived, Sam had pulled himself out of his initial shock and was uselessly pushing at the rock. “It's okay, Dean. You're okay. It's not even that bad. You need to hold on. I'll move this.. this rock and you can start healing again. You'll… You'll heal again, okay. Please, just… Please.” Sam did his best to fight back the tears that were threatening to spill over. He kept talking to Dean, falling to his knees again as he was too weak to move the rock. “You're okay, you hear me? You… You have to be strong now Dean.” A single tear fell from his face, mixing with his brother's blood in the sand. “They will find us and then.. then you can start healing again, we just need to move the rock.” Sam looked up as he heard approaching footsteps, blinking the tears away. “Benny.” He said relieved, knowing he would be strong enough to move the rock. “You need to move this, Dean can't start healing if this is still on him.” He said, heart beating faster as he was excited to have found help for his brother.
Dean let Castiel shove him into his room, away from any prying eyes that might have watched them in the corridor. He whimpered at the loss of Castiel's hands, wanting the pleasure they brought, needing it like air. Castiel had only been touching him for a few minutes and he was already more turned on than he had ever been before. As soon as the door was closed and locked, Cas was back on him. Their lips smashed together in a passionate kiss and Dean groaned at the way Castiel manhandled him, practically throwing him onto the bed.
Hesitantly he took the first shirt and brought the fabric to his face. It was a well-worn, black Led Zeppelin T-Shirt and it smelled even more intensely now that he was practically pressing it against his face. Without even wanting it, Castiel pulled the shirt over his head, using his gift only to let his wings slide through the fabric without causing any damage. It was the only thing he used his gift for anymore and only because Gabriel had told him to finally take a shower.
Dean shook his head. “Actually, Cas invited me to his room, we’ll watch a movie. I guess if you want, you could…” Dean trailed off, definitely not wanting his brother to come. He was too excited to see Castiel again and he did not want Sam to know what was going on between them. Hell, Dean himself didn’t even know what was going on between them.
He did not go to pack his bags though. Instead he stormed into Chuck's room, door banging on the wall as he entered without knocking. “Why won't you let Castiel leave?” Dean demanded, and Chuck looked up at him from his desk, eyebrow raised.
“He sedated me and tied me up!” Sam’s accusation was underlined by loud thunder and Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. Of course Sam would have powers that only enforced his dramatic nature. Sam’s head snapped around and he glared at Dean. “It’s is not funny. I was scared for you!”
The kiss might have lasted only moments, or maybe hours, Castiel did not know. All he knew was that Dean pulled away way too soon. He pulled away, but not without teasingly nipping at Castiel’s bottom lip one last time. Castiel couldn’t help but feel embarrassed at the little, disappointed noise that slipped his lips. The feeling melted away under Dean’s warm smile and their lips found each other again. It was a short, sweet kiss and this time Castiel smiled back at Dean as they parted. “I think I am ready for that tour now.” Dean sounded as breathless as Castiel felt and he lingered for a moment, standing closely to Castiel before stepping away, still smiling happily.
They were utterly and helplessly falling for each other.
“I can see that.” Gabriel said, looking at Castiel’s hand. “That Dean’s?” He added with a nod to the shirt that Cas was still wearing.
“Okay, Sammy. Chick-flick moment over.” He said, smiling back a bit. His felt as though a big weight had been lifted off his chest. He had always dreaded the day when Sam remembered or found out that Dean had been responsible for their father’s death. His worries had been unwarranted, Sam had known all along.
“Chuck has to cancel all outgoing and incoming flights, we can't risk them leaving this island. Charlie will be able to locate them. Go to the cafeteria, alert everybody there. Then go and find Sam, lock yourself in his room with him. Do not open the door for anyone.” Castiel said and spun around as Dean grabbed his arm. “Cas, slow down. How can you be so sure?”
“Why?” Dean had obviously not gotten the hint, but Castiel couldn’t blame him, he had never been good as nonverbal communication. “I think you should rather ask her that. Maybe don’t open with it though, when you first meet her. For most people here it is a very personal matter.”
“I think you might not be motivated enough yet.” Azazel said and turned his back to Castiel as he looked at Sam. “Samuel.” Castiel was about to leap onto Azazel as Sam, who had stood entirely motionless throughout the whole exchange, suddenly started moving. He revealed the big blade he had been holding behind his back and slowly turned it against himself. His eyes sought out Castiel's and a single tear ran down Sam's cheek as his body did no longer follow his own will. He did not want to do it, he did not want to hurt himself. His eyes were the only thing that revealed the pain he was in as he slowly dragged the blade across his arm. Blood filled the thin line and spilled over, running down and dripping off his fingers onto the white floor.
Dean stood up and walked to the nightstand, praying to God that they had moved his lube and condoms. A relieved smile spread across his face as he retrieved both from the top drawer and he turned back to Cas, holding the items up in triumph.
Ever since he had first lain eyes on Dean, it bothered Castiel that he was so inexperienced. Before Dean, there had only been one other guy that Castiel had kissed. There had been no feelings involved, Castiel had only done it because he wanted to finally get it over with. Now he had almost done the same with Dean and he felt bad about that. Dean was always so sweet and patient with Castiel, he deserved better.
“You said Azazel controlled him. Are you sure he is not still influenced by him? You better keep an eye on him tonight, make sure he doesn't try to hurt himself again.” She said softly, looking Dean up and down before changing the subject, feeling she made her point. “How are you feeling? Is the newest gift showing itself yet?”
“Human meteorologists only just stopped investigating the unnatural weather phenomenons that occurred here. We can't risk anybody realizing what is going on. You will just have to wait until the storm passes.” He said and Sam wanted to protest, but nothing he said worked. Eventually Dean had to drag him out of there so that he could talk to him.
“Do you want Azazel to take control of everyone? Or Alistair to torture them? Go, Dean. I'll be fine.”
“You look cute when you blush.” Dean repeated, still looking at Castiel with that same confident smirk. It was obvious that he was much more comfortable with the whole situation than Castiel. He was not used to getting compliments of any sort, especially not with that flirtatious tone of Dean’s.
“Sam.” He said, feeling utterly helpless as he watched his brother continue to struggle, unable to breathe. “Stop it!” Dean shouted, wanting to punch Azazel, wanting to kill him. He was so distracted by Sam that he didn't even notice Castiel leaving.
Castiel was by his side sitting at the bed that was not his. “Where am I?” Dean’s voice was weak. He struggled to sit up but a firm hand to his chest held him down. ”Don't. You have a concussion. You need to relax.” It was Meg’s voice, failing to soothe him, as memory came rushing back. “Sammy.” He managed to croak, worried about his little brother more than his own health. Castiel smiled at him, reassuringly.
Ever since he had been old enough to realize why his parents hid him away in the Institute, Castiel felt ashamed of his real appearance. He was the only Gifted with a physical mutation in addition to his actual gift. After he had been born with corporeal, black wings, his parents were forced to give him to the Institute because he was not suited to live a civil life.
He seemed to be right about it, too. The following days were spent learning control and trying to figure out what Dean's most recent gift was. Sam made impressive progress, and since there were no more incidents, he would be allowed to leave within two weeks. Dean, who had never had any problem controlling his gifts and whose third gift had not shown itself yet would be able to go home with him, but as time passed he found himself less and less thrilled about the prospect. He spent most of his time with Castiel as they practiced with Sam, ate together and spent every night in Castiel's apartment together. They spent most evenings on the “mountain”, watching the sunset on what they had started to refer to as “their ledge”. More often than not they would accompany each other when working out, and soon Dean could not imagine a life without Castiel anymore. He had stopped trying to fight his feelings a long time ago and as their final day on the island neared Dean felt an ache in his chest, every time he was reminded of his impending departure.
The way that he kept stepping into Deans personal space could have been irritating, but somehow Dean felt comfortable being this close to the other man. He had not noticed how handsome Castiel was. Mesmerized he watched as Castiel’s tongue darted out, tracing his lips in a gesture that might have been involuntary. Dean decided to interpret it as a sign, took a leap of faith and went in for a kiss.
? I’ll tell you what’s dangerous! That maniac running around with my brother. Stop worrying about me and start worrying about Sam! Why are you so calm about this?” Dean was shouting, angry and worried by Castiel’s apparent carelessness.
“Don't sweat it, Dean. You two just help me carry Sam to the hospital wing, we got means to restrain him there.” Meg said and pulled on her shirt, before starting to collect all of her medical things off the floor.
“So you’re saying you don’t want to have sex with him?” Sam looked at Dean, smug grin on his face. As much as he would love to stay in the dark about his brother’s sex life, he enjoyed seeing him squirm like that.
. He already started beating himself up about it, but then he noticed that the look in Castiel’s eyes wasn’t hurt at all. It was serious, and definitely less cheerful, but it was also warm and… affectionate? Dean returned the smile that spread across Castiel’s face as the other man placed a hand on Dean’s arm. They looked into each other’s eyes for a while before Castiel finally moved to close the gap between them. Dean met him half way and they kissed gently, sweet. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and moved a hand through Dean’s hair, enjoying the feeling of  Dean's soft lips against his own. In return, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist, lifting him up with surprising strength, pulling him onto his lap. Dean let himself fall back into the pillows and Castiel followed, both men now half lying, half sitting on the couch. Cas felt Dean’s tongue nudge against his lips gently and he parted them, sliding his hands down Dean’s chest as they kissed, tongues sliding against each other. Again, Dean manhandled Castiel with ease, pushing him to lie on his back with Dean on top of him, never even breaking the kiss. Castiel’s hands, now able to roam freely, moved along Dean’s back and down to his ass, pulling their hips together.
“Fuck.” He swore to himself, looking at his bloody knuckles and the swelling in his hand. Of course, Gabriel picked this exact moment to find him.
And watch the movie they did. Most of it Castiel was watching Dean’s reactions to the movie, not the movie itself. He was just too interesting. Castiel could not understand why Dean got so excited about some guy beating up other guys. Granted, it was kind of sexy, but for the most part, it was simply unrealistic. And for some reason the sex scene made him feel highly uncomfortable. While he could definitely appreciate a topless Jason Statham, he found the girl to be rather distracting. Which only confirmed what he already knew, he was 100% gay.
It wasn't until the food had to come out of the oven that Castiel started worrying. He had prepared everything so that dinner would be done early, as Dean was always early whenever they hung out. Now the food was sitting on the table, waiting, and Dean wasn't there. Castiel brushed off his worries, telling himself Dean somehow knew what this evening was about and wanted to be polite and exactly on time. Castiel sat down at the table, lighter in his hand, ready to light the candle before Dean came in. Minutes passed and Castiel sat it aside to pour himself a glass of water. By seven thirty he had finished the bottle and grew more annoyed with Dean by the minute. He had planned this so thoroughly and Dean picked this day to be late for the first time. He tried to tell himself that something had come up, maybe Sam had needed Dean's help. No matter what he came up with, Castiel couldn't help but feel angry at the sight of the food that had gone cold.
“Yeah. I had a scar on my left shoulder. It’s just gone now.” Dean said after awkwardly clearing his throat. The silence that followed was long, as Castiel had to take a moment to gather his thoughts and then another to think about what this might mean. “Maybe that is your gift then. Your skin regenerates and therefore your scar is gone. Are there any other changes? Birthmarks that are gone, something like that.”
Dean kept his eyes closed, even as he felt his feet leave the floor. He clung to Castiel’s surprisingly strong body, just like Castiel clung to him. A pleasant, tingling sensation spread though his body and for a second Dean felt weightless. He heard the fluttering of wings as they rose towards the edge of the cliff and opened his eyes just in time to see Castiel folding two giant black wings behind his back after he put him down. Dean widened his eyes, but in the blink of an eye the wings were gone, the only reminder of their existence being a distant rustle of feathers.
I hope you liked it. Please leave a comment or some kudos,  it would really mean a lot to me. Thank you!
“I’m done.” Dean’s eyes were cold as he spoke and Castiel frowned, not understanding where this came from. “I’m going home.” Dean said and continued his way to the closet, but Castiel stepped in front of him, blocking the way. “You can’t go home, Dean. You know why.” Castiel spoke calmly, hoping to snap Dean out of whatever was going on in his head right now.
“Uh. Thanks, I guess.” Dean let out a little chuckle at Castiel’s almost dull response and continued eating his food. The silence that followed was not as awkward as Castiel had expected after his embarrassing behavior. On the contrary, it was quite pleasant to eat in Dean’s company, now that Dean had started eating like a normal person.
“Yes. The cells. They were built two years ago. They are like a small, high-tech prison that can hold up to four people at a time.” Dean nodded slowly and waited for further explanation as they walked down the hallway towards the exit.
“So tell me, Clarence. Are you going to share with us? I’ll even let you watch.” Dean still wasn’t sure if Meg was only saying this to tease Castiel even further or if she was being serious, but the look in her eyes seemed to confirm that she was, in fact, very serious. Castiel, who was obviously very uncomfortable with the whole situation said nothing, so Dean spoke up. “I am sorry, kitten, but I am a one-person-at-a-time kind of guy.” He dragged out the nickname, almost mocking it.
“I know. He'll be fine, you'll see.” Castiel smiled and squeezed Dean's shoulder reassuringly. As much as he hated to admit it, there had not been a single time that Metatron was wrong with his predictions, so Castiel did not expect this time to be any different.
“About half an hour. Do you feel any different? Any new gift?” Castiel looked at Dean, worried about his wellbeing.
Dean pushed up his sleeves and checked both his arms. There was no band aid to be found. “There should be one. Where they injected the sedative.” Castiel stepped closer to Dean, right into his personal space and took both his wrists in his hands. He looked at Dean’s arms, not finding any wounds at all, only smooth skin. “It makes sense though. A wound that small might already have closed itself before they’d be able to put something on it.”
“No, you listen to me. Cas is a good guy, he deserves a normal life. He has spent all of his life here and now he has an opportunity to leave, to live in an actual home, surrounded by people that love him. He said you grew up in a regular home, don't you remember what that's like? Wouldn't you go back to that if you could?” Dean asked heatedly and Chuck folded his hands on the table, looking at Dean intently.
Dean placed Sam onto the bed that he had been lying in less than an hour ago. Meg was waiting for them with a med-kit as she had foreseen that there would be injuries. Sam winced as the knife shifted a little with the movement of lying down. Dean had refused to pull it out as he feared he might damage something by pulling at the wrong angle.
Castiel set his fork down on his plate and pushed it away as he was suddenly not feeling hungry anymore. “You know I can't do that, Dean.” He said, avoiding eye contact, unwilling to let Dean see the hurt in his eyes. They had talked about it before and nothing had changed, Castiel was an abomination, unfit for civil life.
Dean frowned reluctantly but agreed and together they went outside. It was incredibly windy and raining so they walked to stand under the ledge to have at least a little protection from the storm without risking to be caught by Chuck. Lighting strikes lit up the sky, accompanied by deafening thunder and Dean flinched, feeling like they were coming dangerously close to them. “Maybe this isn't safe, Sam. We should go back inside.” He shouted into the wind and Sam shook his head, wet hair clinging to his forehead. “Just focus. Close your eyes. It will be over soon.” So Dean did, but no matter how hard he tried to push the storm away, to use his gift in any way, it felt as if something was pushing back, hindering from accomplishing anything.
. He had never had a boyfriend before, but now that she said it, he quite liked the ring of it.
“What about our lives? I have school on Monday, you have work. How am I supposed to explain this to my friends? I can’t just send a group text saying ‘Hey, I inherited some magic Gene and now I have to learn how to properly control the weather, see you in a few days.’ They’ll think I’m crazy.” It was true, in some way Castiel was lucky, not knowing a life outside of the Institute.
It started out as a lump in his chest that seemed to grow each second, making it progressively harder to breathe. His left arm seemed to start cramping and he pressed his right hand to his chest, struggling to breathe. He stared at Cain, wondering what he had done to deserve this. His vision blurred and he got dizzy, falling to his knees as Castiel was too shocked to react.
Castiel’s eyes rolled back and fluttered shut as he felt Dean's hot breath against the skin of his neck. Dean pressed open mouthed kisses to his sensitive flesh and Castiel’s breathing quickened as he thrust his hips up in search of friction. He could
He could not remember how he got here, all he knew was that he had suddenly been in a lot of pain and his legs had given in beneath him as his vision blurred. He did not even remember hitting the floor. The only source of light in the room was the sun, shining brightly though a window on his left side. It had been night when he came home from work and Dean realized quite some time must have passed since the incident in the kitchen. Despite knowing better, Dean sat up and swung his legs out his bed in one swift movement. He fought the urge to throw up again and closed his eyes before pushing himself off his bed, careful not to place his bare feet into his own vomit. It was only now that he realized he was not wearing the clothes he had been wearing for work. The t-shirt he wore was one of his dark undershirts and the checkered pajama he had been put in were not even his, but Sam’s. He did not like the idea that somebody had undressed and redressed him while he was unconscious but he had more pressing matters to take care of now.
“He’s waking up, Dean.” Those words were enough to eliminate any further exhaustion and Dean stood up hastily, almost hitting Castiel in the ribs with his elbow.
“She’s worried. I had to tell her I have a virus and that I am not allowed to see anyone for the next few weeks.” Sam frowned, placing his phone on the nightstand. “This whole thing sucks ass, I just want to get the fuck out of here.”
Dean didn't even give a reply to that, he just turned to Chuck. “I have a plan.”
Dean waited patiently as Castiel considered his answer. He had not really expected a helpful answer, so Cas' lack of input didn't surprise him. He simply nodded, holding the eye contact Castiel searched and the lust he saw in Castiel's face made his own cock twitch with want. Instantly, Castiel's body crashed into his own, knocking the air out of his lungs as needy lips were pressed against his own. Dean stepped backwards, leading Castiel towards the bed, hands fumbling to open Castiel's pants.
“I’m fine, you’re fine, there is no need to be upset.” Sam looked around with a frown, but a quick glance out the window proved that Dean’s attempt to calm Sam down was working. The storm outside ceased and Dean started to relax a little as the temperature went back to normal.
“That must have been so exciting. I have always been very fascinated with History.” Castiel said and Dean's smile faded. He remembered well, how unexciting he had always found sightseeing. Sure, it was impressive to see giant statues and nice buildings, but he had never cared enough to really appreciate how privileged he was. Especially in DC, given the fact that most of the Museums were free. If it hadn't been for Sam's nerdiness, Dean was sure he would have never even set foot in one of them. It wasn't fair that he had all the opportunity to do things he didn't care for while Cas was stuck here, clearly yearning to see more of the world.
Dean smiled back at Castiel and looked around. “So first I got my dad’s gift, then I got Sam’s gift. I’m just glad I don’t have any more siblings I could copy.” Dean said, chuckling a bit. “Imagine that. I’d have to go through another breakout.” Dean laid down, hands under his head, looking up into the clear blue sky. “You know, you should leave here some time. I’m sure you’d be able to control it. You don’t have any problems controlling yourself here, right?” Castiel sighed softly at Dean’s words, laying down next to him. “I wish I could, Dean. But even if I believed I could do it, Chuck would never let me.”
Anyway. Let me know what you think. Maybe leave a Kudo. It means the world to me. Hope you have a wonderful day.
“You shut up about it, you're the whole reason Dean wasn't here to protect her. If you hadn't been so self centered and horny none of this would have happened. You two are lucky that it wasn't me in here with him, I would have-”
“What is going on, Cain?” Castiel, who obviously knew the man didn't care for Dean's attempt to protect him, he knew Cain and he knew he would never hurt anyone purposefully.
It was the most beautiful beach Dean had ever been to. The sand was white and clean. Unlike most other beaches, it was quiet, the only noise coming from the waves rolling ashore and the men playing volleyball. It was hot but not unbearably so, a nice summer breeze cooling the air down.
Cas' fingertips bump against Dean's chest and immediately curl into the fabric of his shirt, pulling him closer. This is not an illusion, not another one of Gabriel’s attempts to help Cas. Dean is real and Cas can touch him.
Again, Castiel interrupted himself as the room suddenly went dark. His gaze wandered to the window, where the sun had been shining brightly mere seconds ago. Now it was hidden behind dark clouds and heavy raindrops started pouring down, soaking everyone that happened to be unlucky enough to be outside at the moment. The temperature in the room dropped by several degrees and Castiel watched fascinated as a lightning strike hit the nearest palm tree. This could only mean one thing.
“Cas…” Dean was dumbfounded. He didn’t know what to say. Of course he realized he had made a scene. Now that his mind had been distracted from the fact that he was a lot more like his father than he had ever thought, everything already seemed quite stupid.
. He’d have to stop thinking like that if he did not want to accidentally hurt Castiel’s feelings.
“Dean.” Castiel scolded as he took his own plate, but Alfie simply smiled. “I think Adam is preparing burgers in the kitchen. It is not quite time for the main course yet but I could go to check if he already finished a few.”
“I’m sorry, Sam. You cannot tell anybody about this. We told your school that you will be sick for at least the next two weeks, I suggest you tell your friends the same. For now I think we could just show you two around a little? You’ll see, this place is not as bad as it may seem now.” Castiel tried to give a reassuring smile but Sam just frowned at him and shook his head.
“Dean!” Cas exclaims, trying to help him up but not getting much help from Dean. “Dean, what's going on?” He says, panicked he might loose him again so soon. He only just got him back, and so he holds Dean's body up, even as he passes out, falling against Castiel.
When he woke up for the second time, his hands were crusty with his own dried blood, but entirely healed. He did not know how long he had been gone but there was no air left and he knew he did not have long before he would suffocate again. A dull pain seemed to consume his whole body as he experienced another breakout, less violent than his first ones. The only thing that kept him from giving in to the pain was his will to survive. Luckily, he remembered everything as if it happened mere seconds ago and he went right back to punching the casket lid. Breathing was painful at this point, his head and lungs felt as if they were about to explode and his limbs were heavy but he kept fighting. He thought of Sam and Cas and how he had to get back to them. If only he could see what he was doing. The dark was frightening him, making this experience so much worse. All his efforts were fruitless and he died again, waking up faster this time as his body took mere hours to recover.
“I have a message to deliver.” Cain said and grabbed Dean by the throat.
Dean let himself be pulled into a sitting position but stubbornly remained seated. “I'm not leaving Sam.”
“You're the worst.” Castiel said incredulously, laughing at Dean's lack of manners. “Like a 4 year old.” Dean chose to ignore him in favor of smiling at Alfie who came back out of the kitchen with a tray filled with what looked like Hamburgers. “You're lucky Adam works fast. Suit yourself.” Alfie said and Dean nodded, loading two burgers onto his plate before hesitating for a moment and deciding to add a third. “Thanks, man.” He said and walked to a table with Castiel, sitting across from him.
Dean could already see where they were headed and was once again reminded that Castiel had never left this island before. The “mountain” was nothing more than a rock cliff, directly adjacent to the beach. The sun was burning down on them mercilessly and Dean felt sweat trickle down his back as they both stopped and looked up the cliff.
Dean hid his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck. He fought the tears that were threatening to spill from his eyes and pushed the horrible memories back where they belonged, into the dark corner in the back of his mind, to join all his other repressed childhood memories. It had not even been as if he was remembering what had happened, no, Dean had relieved it, felt all the horrible things again. He had just lived through so much fear and pain, it felt good to be held by Castiel, it felt reassuring and safe. He was not that boy in his memory anymore. He was stronger than that and Dean didn’t allow himself to cry, no matter how much he wanted to. He would never be that little boy again. John was gone for good, and Dean didn’t want to linger on the past.
Relieved he sucked in a breath of air, filling his lungs with much needed oxygen. He closed his eyes, not hearing the questions Meg was asking, still clinging onto her arm as he tried to catch his breath.
Dean was still smiling to himself, even as he was already undressed and standing under the hot water of his shower. He could practically feel the tension of the day wash away as his muscles started relaxing. Undressing, he had noticed that everything seemed to smell like sex and Castiel. Now he almost felt sad, washing these good memories away. Then again, he also washed away all the bad memories, of almost dying and passing out twice in the course of one day. He could create new, better memories with Castiel.
“She has lived here for the past four years. Yes.” Castiel nodded, understanding why Dean was asking, but not wanting to overstep boundaries by telling Dean about Charlie’s past. Her parents had died in a car accident when she was fourteen, and she had been taken in by an uncle that had thrown her out as soon as she had worked up the courage to tell him she liked girls. Charlie had always had an affinity for programming and being the rebel she was, she had hacked herself into several bank accounts to afford her living. When she got caught she had been offered a choice. She could go to jail or she could come here, work for the government. At least, that’s what Charlie had told Castiel. He was not entirely sure how true it was, but either way it was not his story to tell.
“Sam, please. This is not you.” She said pleadingly, only now noticing her scissors in his bloody hands. More blood was trickling down his stomach as the bandage was fully soaked already. She tried not to let it distract her as Sam suddenly stepped towards her, attacking her with the scissors.
“Dean Winchester needs to die.” Sam said again, louder this time, staring right at Dean. He tried to punch him, but Dean shoved him away. “Sam!” He raised his voice as Sam stumbled. Dean realized that Sam was not able to snap out of it.
Dean, who had been sitting on the floor and listening, suddenly got up and walked to the closet. He pulled on a shirt and walked into the closet, coming back out with a big bag that he threw on the bed. “Dean, what are you doing?” Castiel stood up and watched as Dean randomly started stuffing things into the bag, fully ignoring Castiel. “Dean!” He said more firmly and Dean stopped on his way to the closet, turning around to Castiel.
“Do you need anything?” It's a simple question, but Castiel somehow manages to express so much emotion with it. Dean feels how glad Cas is that he is back. Cas would do anything to keep him happy, to keep him safe. Dean knows that, too.
“I don't know.” He finally said, looking back into Dean's eyes. It was true, he could not decide which scenario he wanted most, he just knew that he wanted Dean, and he wanted him right now.
Finally, Dean let go of Castiel, pulling back a bit and looking him in the eyes. “Thank you for snapping me out of it.” Castiel smiled softly and pressed a gentle kiss to Dean’s cheek, right where he had hit him. “Let’s get out of here.” He said and Dean nodded, thankful before remembering their task. “What about the food trays? The shower?” “They will survive a day with rotting food in their cells. Maybe we’re lucky and they stab themselves with the plastic forks. I think it should teach Azazel a lesson if they have to go without a shower for another week or two.” Castiel said, raising his voice to make sure they both heard him. The only reply they got was a loud, tortured shout coming from one of the cells. “Looks like Alistair isn’t too happy about Azazel behavior.” Castiel said and Dean could have sworn he saw a satisfied smile on Castiel’s face before he was dragged back outside. The heavy metal door fell shut behind them and Dean exhaled relieved, closing his eyes, allowing himself to relax. Leaving the cells felt as if a heavy weight had been lifted off him and he smiled at Castiel, feeling much better already.
The worst part was that Castiel wasn't wrong. They barely knew each other, but Dean still felt strongly enough for Castiel that he cared. He cared that Castiel was unhappy here, that he longed to see what the planet had to offer. He hadn't meant to offend or even hurt Cas with his words, he would never do that on purpose, not to him.
“Hey.” Dean’s voice was soft as he reached across the table to place his hand on Castiel’s again. “I won’t laugh at you, I promise.” Castiel looked up into Dean’s eyes and wondered what he had done in his life to deserve meeting someone as perfect as Dean. Nobody had ever shown him the affection that Dean was showing him, nobody had ever cared as much as Dean seemed to care. Whenever Dean looked him in the eyes like this, Castiel felt like he was flying. Or perhaps he was falling and Dean was the only one who would catch him before he smashed on the ground. Maybe it was called “falling in love” for a reason.
“Then what was this all about? He got pretty damn close to killing me.” Dean frowned and they stepped closer to the body, inspecting it, cautious not to touch him, unsure if the gift would still work even after the man died.
“You will do it, because if you don't I will come to your cell right now and make you.” Sam's - Azazel's eyes flicked to Castiel and he smirked at the threat. “Oh please do. I would love to see you try. You can't force me to stop.”
“What do you mean, my brother is awake? What the hell is going on?” Dean looked at Castiel who just stared back at him blankly. “Castiel? What the hell is going on.” Dean tried his best not to get annoyed with the other man as Castiel just blinked and stepped back a bit.
Azazel's voice distracted Sam from the pain and he didn't even wince as Meg pulled his stitches and redid them. He knew very well that the sudden urge to punch Meg in the face did not come from him, but he could barely keep himself from lurching at her when she finally finished putting him back together.
“Didn’t you say he was struck by a lot of electricity? As in high voltage over a prolonged period of time?” Meg asked incredulously, looking at Kevin. “Yes. Sam hit him with a lightning bolt, it looked like his muscles were spasming for several seconds.” Meg looked back at Dean with a frown, mustering the small blisters on his chest. “He couldn’t have survived that, his heart would have given out. And electricity that high causes third degree burns. This is only a second degree burn, and not a very severe one either.” She poked one of her fingernails into one of the bigger blisters and Dean hissed in pain as it popped, leaking a clear fluid onto his chest. “What the hell?” He exclaimed, moving away from Meg. “That’s for interrupting me and Gabriel for no reason at all. Put some antibiotic cream on that and you’ll be fine in a week or so.” Meg gracefully stood up and brushed the sand off her clothes as she turned to leave. Just before she entered the building she turned around one last time. “My offer still stands, Dean. You’re invited too, pretty boy.” Meg said and winked at Sam, chuckling suggestively before disappearing into the building.
”And now you’re telling me that those abilities are abilities I inherited from my father? My
“You don't have to... Cas. Angel.” Dean says warmly, sitting up in the bathtub and raising his hands to cup Castiel's face. “You don't have to be sorry. I'm here. I'm alive. We'll be fine.” He says, holding eye contact as he wipes his thumbs under Castiel's eyes.
He inhaled Dean's perfect scent one last time before finally pulling back and letting go. “You don't understand. It's what he does. His power was that his touch caused other people to have heart attacks. Nobody ever survived that.”
“Why didn’t you say something? We could have stopped it. Watched something different.” Castiel shook his head, smiling. “And miss all your excitement? No way. That was too adorable.” It was Dean’s turn to blush now, and Castiel slowly stood up, walking to the couch and sitting down next to him, closer than necessary, leg brushing against Dean’s. “I just really like cars and good fight scenes.” Dean explained, watching intently as Castiel sat down next to him. “I have never even seen a car in real life.” Castiel meant for his comment to be casual. In fact, it was pretty casual for him but Dean’s eyes widened incredulously.
Of course, he had heard all the rumors about the Winchester boys. Two powerful bloodlines combined, they were certain to develop extraordinary powers. Samuel Campbell, their maternal grandfather, was known as the first and only man who ever developed more than one power. The Winchester family on the other hand was not known for their special gifts, but rather for the fact that there was not one male member of the family that did not inherit some sort of gift.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter, if you did feel free to leave Kudos or tell me what you think in the comments. I highly appreciate both! :)
Neither of them know what Chuck is talking about, unaware of what Gabriel has done to ensure Sam leaving the island. Just like with them, Chuck had forbidden Sam to leave, fearing he might get overwhelmed by his emotions and lose control over his gift. Instead of complying to Chucks orders, Gabriel and Meg had smuggled Sam onto a delivery plane, leaving the island to get food and necessities for the island’s inhabitants. Sam had indeed lost control, revealing his powers to Jessica and burying the whole state of California under big, dark clouds for days on end.
Again, they held hands on their way to the cafeteria, but unlike last time Dean didn't even let go as they walked in. Being in a secluded area without any possibility of running into anyone he knew, it was very easy to be himself. Dean smiled at Cas and gently squeezed his hand, before redirecting his attention to the available food. They were serving what looked like a vegetable casserole and Dean couldn't help but frown at the server as he piled a bunch of greens on his plate. “Where's the meat?” He blurted out, still frowning. He had not had anything since breakfast, there was no way he would survive on rabbit food.
. It was better, so much better but at the same time Castiel was scared. Scared he would fall for Dean, scared it might already be too late. Scared they were moving too fast and it did not mean as much to Dean as it meant to Castiel. They had definitely long passed the point of friendship, but Castiel was not sure Dean felt the same attraction that he experienced. “Okay.” One look into Dean’s green eyes and Castiel’s mouth decided for him. Before he knew it, Dean had already pulled him inside and closed the door behind them.
Thanks you for reading, I hope you liked it! Let me know what you think in the comments or leave some Kudos, it means a lot to me and really helps motivate! Anyways, I hope you have a lovely day :) <3
He didn't get an answer and didn't understand why Azazel would ask him to stop breathing. It wasn't until Meg asked him if he was okay that he realized that he, in fact, had stopped breathing and could not start again. He opened his mouth but no sound came out as he was unable to release the air from his lungs. His eyes widened in panic and he gripped Meg's arm, holding on for dear life.
