"Another body? Really? Where? When did this happen?" Keane sounded concerned and soon enough both figures reappeared in the living room. "They haven't rang me..."
"We thought, it would bring some peace."
. Why the-" Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Shaking his head to himself and then rubbing his palm over his face. His tie getting caught over his arm.
Knowing full well Dean was listening Cas gritted his teeth, "Yes it is. He continually undermined me, despite my standing, my rank. Then, when he felt his sense of control slipping, he lashed out at those close to him. His self-destructive behaviour tore at my more sensitive side."
"Cas thinks your jealous." Sam said coolly, purposefully leaving the sentence open.
"I've been trying hard. To please him. I rebuilt Dean from the smallest of cells, a rebirth if you will. I know him as a mother knows her own children and yet...I just can't get it right." Head bowed, Cas let his eyes droop shut momentarily. Entwining his fingers between themselves.
The unamaused couple beside Sam's table pursed their lips as the young Winchester gave them a toothy grin before filing out after Dean.
"Yeah, that."
Noticing the gaze avoidance of his brother after watching him on the scanner "Cas it's Sam, get outta there."
Cas rested, slightly slumped in the cheap wooden seat, palms open where they lay in his lap.
"Well I am sorry Dean, for taking joy in the hope that whoever is eating the townspeople of Littlewood, has finally decided to stop and be accountable for their actions."
, so what, we just knock and hope Mr Heebee-Jeebies opens up and lets us cuff him?"
Dean bit his lip, eyes closed as he braved himself for more of this sappy crap.
Assuming, as per Sam's instructions from a previous occasion, that 'Mr Darcy' was a popular reference that a man of his position was likely to know, Castiel simply smiled bashfully.
"How was your date?"
"Frickin'
Dean would of thought he was praying if he didn't know him. Sam chatted to compensate for all of them, having waited the first hour for his brother to pick out a cassette, only to realise there wouldn't be music the on four hour trip.
Castiel was still adapting to having a body, not just occupying one and was immediately unsettled by the jump his heart had made at the analogy. His face softening further as the human pull to be relatable, understood and accepted pushed him.
"Deal with it, just wait for the text or signal and we can get the keys and get outta here."
"-I haven't been myself no. Well, I've done, surveillance work there before. A long time ago, so I can't really speak for the culture now."
"Hm. Well, it's awful, it really is, but I'm glad it's brought you to this little town."
"Any closer to catching the killer?" Keane asked. Dean and Sam sat in the impala, hunched over the receiver screen, the only light against the black sky. A thermal scanner was planted in the window of Officer Lenny Keane's living room. It was an older model Bobby had swindled off a previous FBI fling but Keane could be seen well enough, approaching the sofa with a glass outstretched to Cas who was sat on the middle cushion.
The invisible tendrils that earlier tugged, now thrust heartily into his being. Cas felt as though he was bleeding out, the rooting veins eviscerating his armour as they greedily scoured his body, desperately seeking the information within. As though a flick of a switch, the Lamia caressed his soul and began to see all of his feelings. Everything there was, even things he himself couldn't see. Memories removed by the other Angels.
. I need to explain, I know you'll listen to me." Pleadingly, Keane looked over again at Cas.
Castiel's voice was deep and just a fraction rough, Dean felt lost. "I am not alone, just not taken in the sense you're asking. I think I've maybe, just been misunderstood. I can be quite, serious, so I've been told before, by friends of mine."
"Another agent? That must of been hard, they say relationships in our line of work don't make it."
"-he said I have. Said he could see it. Was worse then anything else you've been through. He spoke matter-of-factly but the upset was clear in his tone.
It'd been five minutes and Cas and Dean sat in total silence. Cas had felt the urge to clear his throat for a while now, but refused as to avoid triggering some kind of conversation.
Twiddling his fingers around his own tumbler, ring clinking gently on the glass. He nibbled his lip absently before peeking at Castiel.
Castiel took a sip of the drink and grimaced. The acrid taste of neat whiskey fouled his tongue and warmed his throat.
Cas peered over the empty stalls and large space, eyes shutting for a second before he heard Dean make the same conclusion.  The Hunter had immediately lashed out at Keane, but it seemed the younger man was quicker, kicking Dean onto the ground.
The suspect occupied a nearby farm, the impala crawled stealthily up the dirt path toward the house. He was indulging his friend but felt unnerved instantly by the lack of red and blue lights and or other official presence.
"Are you encouraging this?!" Voice breaking as his mind felt fractured suddenly. The Hunter shook his head. "Sirens, Lucifer, every goddamn demon...this is their game! Cas, dude, did you forget being actually fucking murdered last time you walked into a 'date'?"
Keane tentatively brushed Cas's knee with his fingers. A blurry move on the Winchester's screen but obvious enough.
. Take my suffering, take my soul, just put him back!"
His cheeks felt warm and he wondered for a second if he'd been taken ill.
"You can't be fuck-"
Dean gestured with his beer, his expression pulled into sarcastic mocking as he took wide steps toward the Angel. "But you,
, it never is as easy as that and
Cas hopped out the back and then plonked in the passenger seat. "Someone has confessed. Leonard is with him now, said would it be easier for the paperwork if we made the arrest."
'", Dean air quoted. Head jerking at the older and less robust looking men resting against a patrol cruiser, coffees in hand. "Are having a pow-pow?"
"Well, good. Um, I just need to message my partners and let them know I'll be late back."
" Dean exclaimed out loud. Luckily not so loud to be heard by the pair, but enough that the table adjacent to the brothers turned disapproving looks their way as Sam raised his brows. Wondering if his forehead would remain crinkled if he continued to indulge the older Winchester in chasing an Angel around for, personal reasons.
"Dinner?!
He pulled his hand away but the Hunter caught it, pulling it back up and holding it against his own cheek. Closing his eyes, lids fluttering before stilled. Face pinched in something Cas couldn't explain.
Dean felt his stomach lurch, the rustling sound of mic interference jerked him to peek with his mirror as he saw the two men stand. Keane gently cupping Cas's elbow as they walked toward the coat check.
Sure enough, Keane's car was parked by the old, wood-sliding place. The familiar curve of the sedan recognisable in the pale moonlight. The building was unlit, but no obvious effort to hide the vehicle had been made.
Before nervously heading upstairs. No intention of continuing what was already a step too far in the charade after the kiss.
"Uh," Of course, that is who he is, at present. "Sure, Leonard."
"Great!-" Dean slapped the wheel.
" The Angel stated, not uncaring but straightforward.
Patting himself down, Keane sighed, "My keys. Got my car's but not my work set, must of left them back at the precinct, no one should need the cruiser tonight I guess. It's been, distracting, having you here."
"My kind, we are sensitive to people who carry great sadness, burdens. What I did was wrong, so wrong..." He hung his head, Dean's boot moved an inch and he snapped back up, gun trained on the Winchester. "I've been able to just get by, since we were driven out in the late 40's. The great depression saw many of my kind grow in America. We took those who were already on the path of self-destruction."
"I detect a sense of jealousy in him."
"Guys! Can you just save it for when we get outta the station?" Sam relented, watching the road as they approached the building. He was dressed in his FBI suit and was flattening the tie down against his shirt.
Sam." Glowering then turning to look at Cas who mirrored the same head tilt. "I don't! You're still in trouble!"
Dean heard the shame in his voice and thought of all of Cas's great mistakes, now perhaps just impetuous desperation to cry out but without the human understanding of why and how. The magnificent pressure must of been overwhelming.
Interrupting without acknowledging the other man, Castiel began again, "I suppose, me taking the lead on a case was upsetting for him. Insulting even, that I, as inexperienced as I am, just harried on. Emblazoned with naive vigour that, as he pointed out, could of exposed us all."
"Forgive him Castiel, he's being what we affectionally know, as a 'douchebag'."
The other two followed, Castiel unperturbed and Dean scanning the nearby cornfields, swishing in whispers and shrouded in darkness.
Flinging himself in Keane's path. "Please don't do this!" Reaching a hand behind himself and gentle touching Dean's stomach with his fingertips. Feeling the sharp respirations as the Hunter grabbed at his arm to pull himself in front of the Angel. Sensing his next move, Cas simply pushed him back.
..." before hunching down in front  his laptop.
The Angel was placid, swirling the scotch in a smooth singular turn of his wrist. "I appreciate the offer Dean, but I understand such a thing would make you uncomfortable and it is my desire to not provoke such feelings in anyone. Least of all you."
"You grabbed him and clung on like some huge, dumb limpet?!" Yelling, crossing the room to get to the mini fridge.
"But we don't have a plan, we're getting nowhere and there's new vics every other day. I get it, we've been trapped in a crappy motel room with no AC for over a week but you can't talk to him like that. You know how he gets." Sam chided.
"I thought I saw him flinch, when he picked up the key ring, he went to toss it back and I thought I should wait a second more...then it just went
"I understand totally," Keane smiled, his voice calm and tempting. Unseen by the brothers, his eyes lit with bubbling passion, cheeks a merry blush and lips wet as he nervously chewed them. "I like to feel that way in a relationship. My life can feel so wretched sometimes. Small town, not a lot of folk, even less like me. Sometimes I feel like a bird fallen from the nest. Too young to fly and to weak to protect myself."
"I picked up on that, at the crime scene, where we met. Crap, how bad does that sound?" Keane laughed. "Though it's obvious to me, you just need some affection, someone to smooth those rough edges sometimes huh?"
The figures seemed to shift and Keane's voice crackled back through the speaker, bouncing round the impala. "I know it's only the second date, but, if your boss's about to turn up or pull you, I worry you could be gone before we get a chance to get to know each other. We might not get a chance to be...close, I just, if you wanted to...I wouldn't normally ask like this..."
, I'm not a creature of low intelligence Dean. You forget my role before your existence was battle strategist. We take guns."
Aware that the other man had called him sexy. Since becoming one with the flesh that made up the image of his previous vessel, Castiel had never considered the outward effect of his appearance.
, well, we don't need you to do that, you will have a mic under your shirt so probably best not to."
Keane snarled with rage, spinning and pointing the pistol at Dean, finger twitching at the trigger as Castiel cried out, "
Head hung in shame, Dean listened on as Keane replied sympathetically.
' patients." He began to walk toward the barn at the far side of the property, a faint light glowing by the large doors.
"-Dean." Sam warned.
"Oh Lord. He thinks he's doing them a favour."
Dean wrapped an arm under one of Cas's, tightly holding him round the back and the other hooked around his neck, hand gripping tightly to his shoulder and resting his chin on his fingers. Ear tickling the Angel's stubbled cheek.
"So while me and Sammy have to sit up all night tryin' to figure out who is Mr Crime Scene Interruptis-"
Sam looked at Dean's squinched eyes. Then back at the screen as the officer closed the gap and pressed a kiss on Castiel's lips.
"-Keane" Sam quickfired.
Castiel paused for a moment before sensing the joke, personally finding it a tad wrong but mirrored the expression.
The car was deathly silent. The solemn rage that bubbled internally within Dean, visible in the small vapours of steam that were his micro-aggressive ticks, blindingly obvious to Sam who felt abysmal on behalf of his tortured brother.
"It's Cas, damn fool has no sense of precaution. What if our guy is putting himself in the investigation? What if he's just using Cas to get info? Or maybe, even take him out. Feds are closin' in, why not cool the heat by taking out dorky rambo?"
The glimpse of faint humour faded into pain.
Cocking his head, brows raised, Dean turned his fierce gaze on Castiel. "Start
"Uh," Panic set in as the situation was slipping out of the comfort of predictability. "Yeah...Um, would that take place in the bedroom?" Cas asked seriously, but was again mistaken as being coy.
"So I just feed him some false information when he rings," Castiel said softly, brushing past Dean's arm as he sat at the table beside the younger Winchester. "I really don't understand your overt reaction to my friendliness. I cannot help it if officer...?"
"Why the fuck would he do that?!" Yelping, Dean stepped to Sam, before looking confused and determined at Cas. "You aren't gonna take your clothes of, are you?!"
"Espionage won't prevent another stab wound. You're packing heat, not sending you in blind like that. Not when I- we can't be there. To save you."
Dean continued yelling at Cas. The Angel stood staring at Keane, his face inherently lifeless, as though he wasn't fully present. Keane however, was still looking Dean over. His face twisting into a cruel tightness.
They'd spent the entire day at the precinct. The mystery killer creature managed to evade them at every turn and a more thorough look at the post mortem's of the victims hinted at the possibility of an inside job. At present they stood in the mid-afternoon heat beside the impala as Sam fetched bottled water from a nearby vending machine.
There was a long pause before he spoke again, looking mournfully at Cas. Even Dean settled somewhat. "It was over a decade ago. You know its funny because I did those things," A short breathy laugh stuttered out and he turned to face Dean. "I got takeout, I walked for days, weeks even. Saw a therapist, yoga, you name it, I tried it. Nothing filled the void that was left behind."
"Yes. I mean no, no you haven't," Cas blurted to try and undo the crestfallen expression of the other man as his words had stumbled.
They parked discreetly at the back, before Cas leant forward to listen to the plan.
"Shoot him Cas. He's the killer, you know it, I know it!-" The Hunter spat, flinching slightly as Keane jerked the pistol toward him. "
Cas got out first, fingers resting on his holster, gun loaded with sanctified bullets, as Dean slowly stood up out the car.
They'd hugged before, passionate and desperate hugs. Bone crushing and also playful, but this wasn't in the middle of some drama. It wasn't a reunion that neither thought would come to pass. Slowly, Cas snaked his arms round Dean's middle, tightening enough to enclose them fully in the hug.
The barn door slung open suddenly with a heavy thunk, all in a sudden moment, Sam let go of the metal handle and reached for his gun. Firing off a regular shot messily into Keane's shoulder. The wound breaking the connection with Cas.
"So you're saying this place will be either crawling with feds, no doubt one or two superiors, or you'll go home?"
Dean spent more time watching the man next to him than the movie, but then how could anyone blame him?
Other times the dreams turned downright steamy when Cas would slam him into the nearest wall and mercilessly attack Dean's lips and neck, kissing him passionately and dare he say possessively, sucking a trail of bruises all the way from jaw to chest until Dean was positively begging for more.
Something inside him melted. Castiel had truly fallen hard for this man.
He was turning into one of them.
when he heard a set of footsteps padding into the kitchen. Seconds later, a pair of arms encircle his waist, hugging him from behind.
"Hey Sam, what do you mean when someone is whipped? The protagonist here thinks his brother is so whipped." The invisible air quotes around the last two words couldn't have been more obvious.
Dean watched the scene unfold before him with a growing ache in his chest. He hadn't known that Castiel was on such good terms with their alternate selves.
. The wedding is in three weeks."
Castiel bent down to accept the same treatment, careful not to jostle the girl in his arms.
Until Castiel, Dean had never known the difference between love and
He'd dreamed about it several times. A life together. Most of the shit was domestic and disgustingly fluffy with him and Castiel shopping for groceries and arguing about which sheets would look better on their bed or what cereal they wanted, he dreamed of cooking, dancing around like absolute dorks as the oven baked their pie in the kitchen. He dreamed of sleeping in on a Saturday morning, trading slow unhurried kisses while wrapped in each other's arms, he dreamed of Sunday brunches with Sammy, Jack, Eileen, Charlie, Jody and her girls.
Jacked pulled away after a bit and smiled shakily at Dean.
"So you heard from Charlie?" Sam asked as he bit into his burger.
God, Castiel loved this man. "No backsies," he promised seriously.
"Uh right... yeah. So... uh—"
Dean rolled his eyes. Apparently Jack shared Castiel's habit of stating the bluntly obvious. Honestly, those two were so similar.
"What thing?" Castiel asked, tone deliberately innocent, even as he arched his left eyebrow at Dean expectantly.
As good a hunter as he was, he was equally bad, hell he was downright pathetic when he had to use his words. Emotions, feelings... he was bad at them.
) decided to barge in again.
Despite being injured, his mouth curved into a wide smile when his eyes landed on the angel. He winced when his busted lip hurt from that action. "Cas!"
at least, right?
The words were soft and almost reverent; like a caress, prayer, fact and confession all wrapped together.
Someone was in an excellent mood that morning.
me two nights ago when I was grading those papers." His hands roamed Dean's skin in languid strokes, mapping out every inch of it.
"Heya, Sammy," Dean greeted as he came into the living room. He hugged Eileen and clapped his brother on the back since the taller man's arms were currently full.
and yet you never fail to pick up his items when we're on a supply run. You pretend to hate the Thor franchise because it's inaccurate and yet you watch every single one because Jack loves them. You're always ready to help a friend out. You're particularly endearing in the morning when you wake up and are yet to have your coffee. You are kind, selfless, passionate with your soul just as beautiful as your body. You are awe inspiring, Dean Winchester and I love you."
”Dick,” Dean grumbled, shoving at the other man playfully. But even he had to agree with Castiel: showers were awesome. Especially if they were with Castiel who had promised a frequent repeat of that morning’s shower activities.
Dean looked away and cleared his throat loudly, secretly touched by the genuine happiness in Sam’s words. “Thanks, Sammy. Just pray I don’t screw this up.”
Sam looked over at him and raised his eyebrows challengingly. "Are you sure that's the only reason you're glad they left?"
While Sam would tease him, it was Charlie who would be truly merciless. Both of them had been total assholes when he'd started going out with Cas. Okay so maybe he'd gotten unusually flustered around the man, screw him.
He curled his hand around the angel's neck and pressed a kiss to his cheek (read: jaw). "Thanks for coming, Cas."
"We will. I believe in us, Dean."
Oh he was so going to give Dean a hard time over it. For once, he could embarrass his older brother and not the other way around.
"You mean I'm irresistible." They'd been together for over two years now and although Dean's Russian was far from acceptable, he understood a few words, mostly those which Castiel said to him almost everyday. "Hell, I'm R-rated sexy!"
about your enjoyment.” Castiel remarked, drawing Dean into a closer embrace.
Dean couldn't help but snort at that. Who would've thought that his six year old munchkin would be the one to bring out Sam-rabbit food- Winchester's sweet tooth.
That was about four hours ago.
well for the first time in months. He blinked owlishly, yawning widely.
Dean felt the heat creeping up his cheeks at being caught. "Learned from the best, sweetheart."
"Are you sure you want me to lie to you?"
"I'm what, Dean?"
) that Sam was right. He did have a slight caffeine obsession meaning all higher brain functions refused to work before he had consumed his morning dose of the dark, bitter liquid.
Turns out even this Sam was prone to spewing wisdom just like his own baby brother.
Dean hummed in reply. "Gotta say, that other Dean sure seemed to like you." A little too much.
Dean grinned goofily even as he continued stirring the contents of the bowl. "Mornin', Huggy Bear," the teasing nickname easily falling from his lips.
Dean enjoyed cooking. As a kid, he and Sam had moved around a lot because of their dad's job and they hadn't ever settled anywhere for more than a couple of months.
"Aww. I still got you to show up and go all Dr. Sexy on me, didn't I?" Alternate Dean grinned as he bumped Castiel's shoulder with his.
The next time Dean woke up, it was light outside. The other side of the bed was empty, much to his disappointment. On the plus side though, the universe had decided to take some mercy on him since his head was no longer hurting.
He opened his mouth to say something but all that came out was a half-sob.
Since when did Dean
And now, after everything that had happened and Jack has been hit by the full weight of his actions, he'd sought comfort from the one man (angel) he knew would never turn him away or hurt him.
. Dean glared at Castiel's retreating figure, ninety-nine percent sure that this gorgeous specimen of an ex-angel was going to be the death of him.
Dean and Castiel had officially moved in two weeks ago. They'd unpacked without haste, taking their own sweet time doing things, primarily because they
Sam raised his hands in surrender. “Hey, I didn’t say anything. Just don’t have sex on the map table or something.”
Sam was the next one to pull the kid into a tight hug. "It's gonna be okay, bud."
Right. Freakin’ jogging.
"Of course not. The four of us are a family. Besides, you and I are more than that."
That piqued Dean's interest. "What do you mean stand up to John Winchester?"
Castiel's hand was large and warm in his own. His fingers were long and graceful with slight calluses on the fingertips. He took a deep breath, carefully rubbing his thumb along the other man's knuckles.
"Baby's... Baby's still at the garage," Dean mumbled to no one in particular. Castiel hummed in response as he set Dean down on the sofa and bent to unlace his boots.
was eager to go jogging with him.
If he had to fight God himself to hold on to this feeling of bliss, so be it.
"Thank you, Dean. That is very kind of you to say. But I'm not the only one he's got. He has you and Sam as well."
Castiel trailed in after them, smiling warmly at the scene before him. Soon, the four of them were seated at the island, practically devouring Dean's cooking.
"I also heard," Dean shifted closer again. His voice faltered slightly but it held a playful edge, "You say that you don't let yourself feel stuff, in case you lose control. But, you're here, in the bunker. No powers, no crazy witches or Angel family, so I'm going to hold you." He plucked Castiel's glass from his hand and set it on the floor by the couch. "Well not hold you, but like a hug. It's a once in a lifetime thing so just bare that in mind."
Castiel looked down at Jack. "They don't. But Jack was emotionally exhausted. He was still crying when he let me in to his room. He's afraid, ashamed, angry at himself and above all, he is terrified that you and Sam will never forgive him. His soul was gone for quite some time, so he wasn't able to feel anything at all. Now, all those feelings slammed into him at the same time and it's almost too much."
"Bitch."
Dean loved such mornings. It was lazy and peaceful and perfect.
Of course Castiel was out jogging at seven freaking AM, on a Saturday morning.
Castiel let out an uncharacteristically amused snort. He was never letting Dean forget this.
"While that is undeniably true, you are also utterly endearing and two minutes away from keeling over."
Dean unceremoniously shoved a handful of popcorn into the kid's mouth before he blurted out anything.
"What?" There was a rare note of surprise in the Castiel's voice.
Another thought occurred to him and he smirked at Sam. “So just a heads up, Samantha, you might want to buy yourself a pair of those noise cancellation headphones.”
“Not a word from you,” Dean warned Sam who looked ready to rib him another round.
Dean’s face burned. “Only because you had to go and do that thing with your tongue!”
Dean felt his face heat up at the angel's words. He cleared his throat and made an awkward show of coughing. Sometimes, even after all these years, Castiel's simplicity and directness took his breath away and left him speechless.
"Never."
Dean raised an eyebrow at his brother, deliberately playing dumb. “So... what?”
Shaking his head with a sappy smile, he rolled out of bed and into the bathroom. Once he'd finished brushing, he stopped by the kids' bedrooms before going downstairs.
He cleared his throat loudly and sat down next to Jack who was busy reading a book. He popped open a bottle as they waited for their last member to show up.
When the movie was over, the four of them parted ways to their respective bedrooms.
Castiel's grip tightened on his hips and he all but pounced on Dean, crowding him backwards against the wall and kissing him in earnest.
"I don't know, Sammy. I sure hope so. Poor kid's been through enough crap already."
. So much."
"He'll pull through, Cas. He's got his dad with him every step of the way."
They didn't have forever, at least Dean didn't. What they had though was this moment. Him and Castiel, alone yet together.
"Showers
"You can mix the dough like I showed you yesterday. And be careful with the consistency and try not to take it apart."
"I told you not to read my mind, Cas."
"A book."
once the younger Winchester found out.
Dean loved this. He still couldn't wrap his head around the fact that this was all real. He lifted his head to kiss Cas on the cheek, eyes still a too misty. They stayed like that for a while.
"Awesome, lets go."
“About damn time!” Sam smirked when Dean walked in. “Where’s Cas?”
Castiel was sitting on the bed in his suit with his legs stretched out in front of him. He didn't notice Dean as his attention was solely on the figure clinging to him.
Dean was still irritated when they got to the car. He realised that he was still holding Castiel's hand so he hurriedly let go.
, Dean’s mind unhelpfully supplied.
It was definitely illegal for someone to look that good and infuriatingly smug at the same time this early
Dean's eyes zeroed in on Sam and there was a brief flash of panic on his face before it was replaced by a deep flush all the way to the tips of his ears. "Hey, bitch. Ever heard of knocking?"
Dean wasn't pouting (maybe a little). Okay so he was grumpy. Sue him.
Right. Dean had forgotten about the angel's newfound love for hot showers every night. It was bad enough that he was hopelessly in love with the angel, so he tried not to think about Castiel in the shower, gloriously naked, surrounded by steam as he brushed those long fingers through that dark, wet sex hair, or the way the water ran in many rivulets down the flat panes of his toned, muscled chest, or his powerful t—
, the playful bickering; wasn't that supposed to be their thing?
"Morning, Cas," Sam replied casually, like he hadn't just walked in on his brother and best friend literally cuddling in bed. "Did I wake you?"
What if he died and never got a chance to tell Cas how he truly felt?
Turns out this Dean had done just that. He felt what could only be described as a grudging respect towards his alternate self.
"There was a lot of yelling and Dean wouldn't let dad fire the guy. Now if your John Winchester was anything like the one in our world, you'd know that he had a pretty scary temper."
"If I should be fortunate enough to receive this happiness, I would very much like to spend it with you, Dean."
"Do you think we'll ever get to see paradise? Be happy without having to always look over our shoulder?"
"I do. And I love the owner of that smile even more."
He stepped forward and curled his hand around the back of Jack's neck, much like he had the other day. Only this time, he pulled him flush against his chest. His other arm wrapped itself around the kid's back, holding him tight.
He found the former angel leaning against the bookshelf near the map table with his phone pressed against his ear. Occasionally he ran a hand through his perpetually messy dark hair and the gesture was so undeniably human... Dean melted at the very sight of it.
Dean turned thoughtful once again. The other thing was a pretty big step, something he'd always imagined but never actually believed he'd live long enough to achieve. The other day, Sam had told him that he and Eileen had been discussing it. Not immediately, but in the foreseeable future. "How would you feel about... getting a place of our own? Just the two of us?"
"Sometimes," Castiel admitted. "I've spent several millennia following orders because I believed it was the right path. There was no need to think beyond what was expected of me. My purpose was simple: follow orders and fulfil tasks. It was a continuous monotonous cycle
The ex-angel propped himself up on his elbow to raise an eyebrow at him. "I suppose you did. Although you do have a long way to go if you wish to become half as skilled as me."
"Always." He slipped his arm more securely around Dean's waist and wrapped the other man's arm around his own shoulders.
"Geez, Cas. You know I get all tingly when you order me around like that," Dean remarked teasingly.
Sam quirked a smile at that. "I decided to start working on my book. I realised I'd been putting it off for too long.  If this whole end of the world thing has taught me anything, it's that life is too short and unpredictable not to do what you love, spend time with whom you love. Who knows what's gonna happen tomorrow?"
"For one, you're crazy intelligent. Secondly, you've got an endless supply of patience to deal with moody teenagers and lastly, you totally look the part." He said the  last part with a suggestive wink. He would be lying if he said he didn't have a rather long list of fantasies in mind. "You've got that whole hot, broody thing going. Especially when you do that thing with your eyebrow."
There was no sign of Castiel anywhere which probably meant that the angel was away doing angel stuff.
How long had he held those words close to his heart, refusing to reveal it or say it out loud even to himself?
"What?... Yeah we're on our way back... will be there in an hour. What? No, my voice doesn't sound funny! No Sam I wasn't crying,
What if he had told Cas the truth long ago?
*******
Dean could see that the kid had managed to get a few decent hours of sleep thanks to a certain angel.
That exasperated huff, the
. Dean was still pleasantly sore in all the right places from last night's
"No." Maybe.
"Those clowns? Aren't they supposed to be in Brazil or something? And how the hell did they call your number? I thought we kicked them out for good."
He glared at the kid who was innocently looking at Sam for an answer.
Jack brightened up at the prospect of Lucky Charms and joined Dean in the kitchen.
"Why is Dean whipped?" A gravelly voice asked from the door.
He didn't receive much of an answer apart from a grunt but Castiel's grip on his waist loosened.
Castiel crossed the short distance between them and hooked his arms around Dean's waist, pulling him flush against his chest. "You do realise that you just described yourself? Are you... jealous?"
He found his phone charging on the nightstand and saw that it was nearly nine. There was a text from Sam, rambling about how he'd met this amazing girl last night and couldn't wait for Dean to meet her.
He had to get Sam to stop teaching Jack those goddamn puppy eyes. Kid was an expert at getting Dean to cave every damn time!
Smirking at the couple, Dean wagged a finger at them. "You kids behave yourselves. No funny business."
"Hey kid. You up for some grub? Maybe you can eat those Lucky Charms that Sam insists will rot your teeth? You've gotta finish it before he comes back though, cause I ain't taking the blame."
Last night came back to him in a rush of mild embarrassment and he suppressed the urge to crawl back into bed and never get out. He was only glad no one else had been there to witness the disaster that was a drunk Dean Winchester.
, Dean looked him dead in the eye and said: 'it's who I am. Suck it up and deal with it."
"You taught me to live, laugh and love. With you, I discovered what it's like to do what you believe, to stand up for what's right and damn the consequences. I got to experience family, to have people who fight for and who will fight for you in return. Despite being around for eons, it was with you that I realised what it's like to truly be alive."
Before they could get any further though, Castiel pulled away and sat up, much to Dean's displeasure. "In case you've forgotten, Sam and Eileen will be here in less than an hour for dinner. I know you don't wish for your brother to witness anything... inappropriate. If I recall correctly, he was quite... vehement in his protest last time."
"What? No, I'm fine. That's ju... you know what? Never mind. Goodnight, Huggy Bear." Turning red, Dean all but bolted out of the room before he could say anything more.
. It’s just official now.”
They spent the next few minutes lazily making out, wrapped in each other’s embrace. Within the brief span of less then twelve hours, Dean had discovered that Castiel was a
Cas alright. "Whatever you want. I'm all yours." Dean Winchester was an excellent hus-friend after all.
Standing at the threshold of the kid' room, Dean felt like an intruder. He turned away, ready to go back to his own room.
"Yeah, the LARP event next weekend, right?"
“Hello, Sam,” He greeted and sat down next to Dean, casually brushing a kiss against the man’s temple.
His husband had pretty much gotten into his role of pissed off sorcerer.
Castiel let out a chuckle and pressed his lips to Dean's temple. "A couple of times,
"Cas!" The man's face broke into a wide grin and a very endearing one at that. Dean more or less stumbled over the threshold of their home to wrap his arms around Castiel in one bear hug. "You're the best, did I ever tell you that?"
The doorbell rang and Claire all but flew to the door to answer it, blatantly ignoring Dean's warning to be careful as she narrowly dodged the gramophone on the corner table.
Dean and Castiel went about flipping burgers while Sam and Eileen chatted up the kids. Well, Dean did most of the work while the dark haired man only provided delightful company.
It was bad enough that the stuck up clown had constantly flirted with Castiel when he'd been here and now he's texting him too?
Poor little Dean (
"Cas?" Dean's voice came out soft, more than a little sleep addled.
“He went back to bed. So?”
in the morning. "Now is that really a nice thing to say to your... hus-friend?"
He only smiled innocently when Cas narrowed his eyes at him but then the man's expression turned into something more playful. He stepped forward, crowding Dean back against the counter, boxing him in with a hand on either side.
Sam and Castiel would be back in about half an hour. He passed by Jack's room and found the kid reading.
Dean didn't have an answer for that. The sight of the kid crying and apologising  and begging to be forgiven had broken his heart. He'd wanted to say something at that time but words had failed him.
He took a deep breath and pulled over.
when you're jealous. Has anyone ever told you that?"
Or worse, what if Cas d—
When Castiel finally came out of the room, it was with Alternate Dean.
He clapped his brother on the back. "Night, Sam."
"They called you grandpa once."
"Come on in, you two. Lunch is almost ready."
"Pops?" Jack piped up, his face covered in maple syrup.
That night, the four of them settled down to watch a movie. Jack went to his room, claiming that he wanted to
"That is correct."
"Yes!"
Dean frowned at his brother. "What's that supposed to mean?"
”You mean that thing you begged me to do?”
In the dark, something flashed in Castiel's blue eyes before it disappeared and his face softened. "Thank you, Dean. I am immensely fond of you as well. You, Sam, Jack: you are family."
He wasn't too fond of that fact other him wanted to keep in touch with Castiel. It also didn't help that the other guy had spent the first two meetings continuously making heart eyes at the angel.
But he didn't. "I look forward to it." Instead, he kissed Dean once more and extracted his hands from underneath his shirt. There was a self satisfied glint in those cerulean eyes that was both infuriating and incredibly hot. Then the smug bastard patted Dean's ass twice and walked away.
Dean hummed but said nothing. His gaze dropped to  the tattoo on Castiel's torso. He traced it absently with a finger. "I've been thinking about... you know... stuff," he began eloquently.
"But I am nothing if not merciful." With one last kiss to Dean's neck, Castiel removed his hands from under the other man's shirt and stepped away. "I won't disturb you any further."
"De—"
Castiel kissed the back of his neck once and then again. "Good morning,
jerk awake like he'd been yanked out of a horrifying nightmare?
The kids were asleep and it was not even eleven o' clock.
There were two single sofas and one couch in the Deamcave. He immediately claimed the couch for himself and Castiel.
As expected, Jack was still blissfully asleep.
Castiel shrugged. "Like I already said, they don't know anyone in this world. Besides, it was the right thing to do."
He reached his brother's room and opened the door. "Dean wake u—"
It was nearing dinner time and he was curled up on the couch watching reruns of Doctor Sexy, with Castiel nearly on top of him, his head pillowed against Dean's chest.
"Yeah, Jack that's exactly what it means. Dean is whipped. So whipped."
Sam was gonna be so smug about this. Dean readied himself for a million
The man was— for the lack of a better word— perfect.
Time for some bacon, extra greasy.
Chuckling softly, Dean expertly lifted her leg back on to the bed and manoeuvred the covers over her in one swift move.
His phone rang, forcing them to let go of each other. Mentally cursing, he pulled out his phone and saw his brother's name flashing on the screen. He swiped and answered.
"Only to me."
"I'm sure she'll be safe there, Dean," he reassured the man. "We'll go and get her first thing in the morning."
Dean huffed in mild frustration. How was he supposed to convey what he was actually trying to say?
"I'd much rather take you apart instead," Castiel replied without missing a beat. He flashed Dean a little smirk that absolutely did
) that was always buzzing almost tangibly between Dean and Castiel. Shuddering mentally, he shook that image out of his head.
When he got to the kitchen, he found Sam already there, back from his usual morning jog. It was nearly nine so he got started on breakfast.
"Dean," his tone was even gravelly than normal and Dean couldn't help but shiver pleasantly.
Dean let out a small surprised gasp but his hands quickly came up to grip the front of Castiel’s t-shirt and he kissed him back with equal fervour.
"I do love you more than pie."
“So Dean, you’re the little spoon?”
"You could always just tell h—"
From the corner of his eye, he glanced at Castiel who seemed perfectly at ease and totally ignorant of the emotions hurtling through Dean's mind.
Yeah he was flushed. But it had nothing (everything) to do with how he felt at that moment. Absolutely not.
Jack was lying on his side, his face partially buried into his pillow. His left hand held onto Castiel's shirt like a life line while the right clutched the tan trench coat that covered him like a blanket.
He felt Castiel's amused smile against his hair. "As much as I'd love to stay in here with you all day, there are things we need to do." The angel kissed the top of Dean's head as his fingers traced random patterns along the hunter's spine. "Besides, it's not like we could've kept it from Sam and Jack forever. And you said you didn't want to."
Sam and Eileen started going out again. Jack finally got to be the kid he was always supposed to be, without the weight of the world bearing down on him. As for Cas...
"Yeah. So uh... what happened, the vampires?"
There was an arm wrapped around him almost protectively and his back was pressed against a firm chest. He grinned lazily and blindly reached under his pillow for his phone.
Castiel's hands slid under Dean's thin t-shirt to brush the back of his fingers along his sides and down his tailbone. It was just the barest of touches but Dean shivered slightly nonetheless and he ended up spilling some of the batter on the island.
He snorted, but agreed wholeheartedly.
Dean scooped the two of them into a bear hug. "Mornin', darlings. Who's hungry?" He lifted them both up to sit on the island stool.
It wasn't hard to buy the place considering that they were best friends with a certain genius red headed hacker and their kid was literally God.
Castiel knocked on the door while Dean caught his breath.
Dean was fast asleep, his face peaceful and relaxed in a manner Sam hadn't seen ever before. It wasn't the sleeping that stunned him as much as the who he was sleeping
"Whoo! That is awesome! You're stuck with me forever, no backsies!"
"Peachy. You tell me, gorgeous. Kick any demon ass lately? How's Jack?"
So many layers.
Dean fell silent, seemingly satisfied and Castiel tugged his socks off as well. "Come on, Dean. Let's go to bed."
"You know what Cas? I've changed my mind. You're on onion duty instead. Start chopping."
*****
"If they're anything like us, I think they'll find a way to survive. Quite delicate, aren't they? The clothes, that man bun... I'm kinda glad they left. They were weird, man."
Sam's face broke into a soft smile at the sight.
”As you wish.”
They elevator was broken so they trekked up the stairs, Dean cursing his knees and panting all the way while the damn angel didn't break a sweat.
"You know that I'm not the best when it comes to talking about y'know... feelings and all that fuzzy crap right?"
"I think I can be persuaded," Cas admitted, kissing the side of Dean's neck, nibbling teasingly before stepping back so he could look at Dean.
When he got to the Impala, Castiel was already there, dressed in his usual clothes.
The point was, Dean Winchester didn't get flustered. He was twenty seven years old and a smooth bastard and he knew that. But apparently his traitorous brain had thrown all of that out when he met Castiel Novak and now somehow, although he could hardly believe it himself, he was the lucky bastard who got to marry the love of his life.
Would it really be so bad if he spilled his heart out to Castiel? Poured out all that he'd felt for him since what seemed like forever?
With a bowl of popcorn in each hand and a six pack case of beer tucked under his arm, Dean made his way to the Dean-cave where Sam and Jack were already curled up in their usual spots.
He opened the door to reveal none other than Dean Winchester. A very drunk Dean Winchester.
Snorting, Sam made his way towards his brother's room. He had no idea when those two had returned last night since he'd gone to bed by around one. He could only assume that things had gone smoothly with the other Winchester brothers.
This was totally real, not like one of the many dreams he'd had.
"Knew you'd catch me," Dean declared, apparently very pleased with himself.
"You're not planning to leave me, Sam and Jack for those two knuckleheads are ya?" He joked, aiming for levity but falling terribly short.
"Are you alright? You appear rather flushed."
Dammit it he was getting soft.
Dean turned to glare at his Castiel who stared back at him a little too innocently. "You're a real ass, you know that?"
“Uh... why?”
"Cas," the word came out like a half hearted whine. "You're distracting me." His words contradicted his actions as he titled his head to further bare his neck.
"Ha ha laugh it up, Cas. I ain't gonna defend myself cause it's true. You thought of normal jobs? Personally I think you would make a fantastic professor."
good mood.
"Yes!"
"Oh my god! And Benny dropped me off here 'cause he's a cruel son of a bitch. But Cas, I still fucking love you. This much!" Dean spread his hands out wide and Castiel caught the man's wrist just in time to avoid smacking the photo frame above the fireplace.
"I'll uh... I'll be out in a bit."
"I learned from the best," Dean retorted. "I'm nearly done with breakfast. Could y—"
"You and I share a profound bond, Dean," Castiel stated like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "While there are many Winchester brothers in the other universes, you're the only one I share an intimate bond with. So to answer your rather foolish question, no I won't be leaving you for those uh... knuckleheads," Castiel continued, not at all considering the fact that he'd lost Dean at intimate.
After turning off the lights, he allowed himself to relax next to Castiel. As the movie went on, Dean let his mind wander. For the first time ever, he had plans for his future that did not involve dying, saving the world or fighting for his life. He'd had time to think about what he wanted for himself.
"Dad wasn't used to being disobeyed. Everyone listened to John Winchester. Except Dean. When dad told him to
"Cas?" When the angel hummed in question, Dean continued. "What did you see? In that paradise world Jack showed you a couple of years ago, what did you see?"
Now that he had a home with an actual kitchen, he never wasted any opportunity to cook for the people he loved. Sunday brunches with friends and family were a common occurrence in the Winchester-Novak household. It was an added bonus that Sam and his wife Eileen lived like only an hour's drive away.
"Hmm?"
"I admit I could get accustomed to this," Castiel mused out loud, stroking the shell of Dean’s ear.
It was hot as fuck.
Early on in their relationship, Dean had determined that there was absolutely nothing hotter than the tattoos swirling along Castiel'a left arm and curving across the left side of his neck and around unfairly broad shoulders.
Dean felt himself flush.
And Sam said
After much discussion, they agreed on The Princess Bride.
The angel felt
"What's wrong, Dean?"
Out of a burst of sudden affection, Dean leaned forward and pressed his lips against Castiel's.
"Drop it, Sammy."
"What about Jack?" Castiel asked, breaking the quiet. “If we do get a place of our own, what about Jack?”
"Yeah okay, as you wish."
"Whoa there, tiger. At least buy me dinner first," Dean teased when Castiel unbuckled his belt and then snickered at his own joke. "But I'll allow it, cause you're my fi... fi— hus-friend." Apparently the word fiancé was too hard.
Dean ran his fingers down his husband's arm, entwining their fingers so that he could sneak out from underneath.
Still yawning, he brushed his teeth. Ultimately, it was his craving or as Sam so rudely put it: unhealthy relationship with caffeine that drew him out of the bedroom and towards the kitchen.
He bit his lip. In his head, he had silently named it the Dom brow. Somehow, that raised eyebrow was sexier than anything he'd ever seen and it never failed to make Dean blush and squirm like a freaking teenager.
Sighing heavily, Dean shook his head. "I'm marvellous." He opened the door on his side and got out, letting the cool night air hit him in the face.
"Dean, I thought we were supposed to be paying attention to the movie. It's hardly fair if I do and you don't," Castiel teased with an adoring smile, although he didn't look away from the screen.
Dean felt his entire face getting warm. The words stole his breath every single time. "Yeah, yeah I love you too, sunshine."
Dean was trying to be better and for once, he was doing it for himself. It was a new year, a new life awaited all of them now, free from anybody's control. He'd started drinking lesser, eating better and even sleeping better. He probably owed the sleeping better part to a certain ex-angel.
Sam swirled his coffee and continued. "The biggest row they had was when dad found out Dean was bi. He walked in on Dean making out with this new recruit who'd joined HunterCorp."
There was a rumbling groan from the other man and Castiel's hold tightened infinitesimally.
"Nougat."
"Hmm?"
"Goodnight, buddy." Dean tucked the comforter around the kid securely and leaned down to accept a kiss on the cheek from his adorable six year old before returning the gesture.
Sam had so many questions. But they could wait.
"I'm gonna go wake Dean up. Could you put on another pot of coffee? You know how he gets if he doesn't get his coffee."
Maybe if he had the time, he'd write a book:
"Hostile? I'm adorable. And I promise I'll behave. Besides, you need someone to drive you."
The silence in the kitchen was rather stiff as they waited for coffee. "So uh... what are you doing now? Now that the trust funds have disappeared."
"W-What?"
"Cas... I love you."
The bunker was awesome and Dean loved it, but he wanted something more. A part of him had always craved that Apple Pie life. Especially off late.
take frequent and many breaks in order to
The next thing the guy did pissed Dean off beyond limit.
Cas pulled away first and almost immediately, strong hands slid downwards to Dean’s hips and in one swift movement, the hunter found himself pinned to the mattress not just by the
"Go to bed, Dean. You need the rest. Don't let me see you out of bed before eight."
With a groan, Dean smashed his face against Castiel's collarbone, wishing he could just disappear.
“Yeah whatever.” Sam rolled his eyes fondly before continuing. “So get this, I found a case in Idaho. Shifter by the look of things.”
He reached out and squeezed Castiel's hand, letting it linger for just a little too long. The angel removed his hand from Jack's head to briefly grasp Dean's hand, comfortingly rubbing the back of his hand with his thumb.
"Oh holy crap, I love you."
“As you wish.”
"You deserve it too, Cas," Dean replied immediately because it was true. Castiel did deserve to be happy. He'd been through a lot, especially after the angels had fallen.
"Morning, Jack. You slept okay?"
Dean thought it was illegal that someone should be allowed to look that innocent yet sexy at the same time.
"Are you going to tell me now?"
Dean huffed out a soft laugh. Sitting there, eating an ordinary breakfast  and laughing with his favourite people in the world, he felt at home.
"FBI?"
"Bed, huh?" He wagged his eyebrows suggestively at Castiel. "You gonna take me to bed and have your way with me, Dr. Novak? Cause I'm totally okay with that, like a-okay, you know?"
He wanted it all. He wanted to kiss the man he loved without a care in the world, wanted to wake up next to him the morning after a night of particularly mind-blowing sex, argue over dumb crap like sheets and curtains, dance with Castiel in their kitchen while their dinner got burnt, drop their kid off to college and pretend he wasn't actually crying.
“You gonna tell me or not? How you finally managed to pull your head out of your ass and tell Cas how you feel?”
"Alright, Dean. Take care of yourself."
Reminding himself to make a supply run that afternoon, he resigned himself to go and wake Dean up. Now while the younger Winchester did have many skills, cooking definitely wasn't one of them.
"Besides," he stroked Dean's jaw with cool, calloused fingers. "I adore only
He closed his eyes and buried his face into Dean's hair with a soft laugh. "
He took the eggs and bacon out of the fridge and put on his apron. The apron had been a prank slash present from Eileen and Dean was not above admitting that he'd gotten rather attached to it in a short span of time. It was a baby blue thing with the words
Things were okay after that. Sam and Jack didn't embarrass him any further and Castiel was blissfully oblivious to it all.
The room was spinning and someone was definitely beating his head like a drum. He was never letting Benny get him drunk again. He couldn't remember much from last night apart from coming home and crawling into bed. There had been poetry, somehow he was sure of that.
wasn't a morning person.
Dean brushed his hand through the boy's hair and shushed him gently. "We've got you, kid."
Later, he was probably gonna be embarrassed but he would deal with it. He shivered slightly, utterly displeased to discover that he'd kicked the covers off sometime in between. Still half dead and not brave enough to open his eyes for fear of a pounding headache, he huddled closer to the firm body next to him, comforted by the familiar stubble that tickled his forehead.
had always been there in his mind. Sam knew now. Charlie had been the first one he'd told.
Dean took all of that in silently. And if he noticed a damp spot on Castiel's shoulder, he didn't say anything. The kid was literally three years old with the mind and body of a teenager. He didn't deserve any of this. All he had always wanted was to be good.
It hasn't been easy but after Castiel and Sam's repeated assurances, he was willing to concede that he did deserve to live for himself. That was his New Year's resolution. Most people broke theirs in February, but Dean was determined to make his last for longer than that.
Much to his chagrin, Jack had settled for Thor—again, despite Dean stating that the movie wasn't accurate and that Norse gods were slimy sons of bitches.
Dean grinned at the overly articulate words. Castiel's way of talking would never not be adorable.
Halfway through, Castiel's phone rang and he went out to answer it.
"Really?"
"What?"
His hand seemed to work on its own as it reached out to grasp Castiel's. Slight surprise and a hint of something else passed on the angel's face but he smiled reassuringly at Dean, ever patient.
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Dean felt like an ass.
"Mmhm. Used to think firefighters were awesome, still kinda do. As for baking, I love pie, man. No other explanation needed."
The angel propped himself up on his elbow and slowly removed his arm from Dean's waist.
"Yup. I told her we'd be there. Cas, you're coming too, right?"
He'd been elated that their kid was alive again.
The nephilim nodded.
"If you must," Alternate Dean replied, looking like it was a real travesty that the angel had to leave. "Hey, you drop by anytime you like, handsome. Hell I'll even go and throw myself at some monsters if I can get you to come over and play guardian angel slash Dr. Sexy."
“Yeah, yeah. He’s in the shower,” Dean grumbled as he helped himself to some coffee. “Where’s the kid?”
Rolling his eyes, Dean tucked his face into the crook of Castiel’s neck and uttered the words back with a stupidly sentimental grin on his lips.
"It's okay, kiddo. You're okay. We'll be okay."
"Castiel! Thank you for coming! I didn't know who else to call. Normally our medical team would handle these situations but now... I panicked and Dean was bleeding and we didn't have the chopper to get him to our Medical wing and we didn't know what to say at a hospital and I'm so sorry for ca—"
He let go of Castiel's hand and straightened up. "I'll see you in the morning." He then turned to Jack. "You sleep tight, kid. Your dad's watching over you."
"Celery."
"Yeah? Thanks for the lesson, Professor. You're a real silver fox." Dean wasn't even slightly joking.
"I'm an angel. I don't need to eat."
"A friend is stuck in some trouble and he called for assistance. I'm afraid it's quite urgent."
"I suppose we should get going," Castiel remarked.
When Dean had asked the question, he'd expected to find out what kind of job or profession Castiel had in mind. But of course the ex-angel had to go ahead and say
Jack was fast asleep, only his head popping up from underneath the covers. His blanket hadn't moved a bit, still neatly tucked in around the corners. He moved to Claire's room next and snorted. The contrast between the way the two children slept was hilarious. She'd kicked her blanket off some time during the night, her curly blonde hair stuck up in all directions, both hands were wrapped around Mr. Snuggles— the plushie that Castiel had bought her last year for her fifth birthday— and one leg hanging off the bed.
"You hate them. And when you don't like someone, you tend to get... hostile."
The two of them had just returned from their morning jog and were starving. For the last month or so, Jack had been accompanying Sam in the mornings and he enjoyed the kid's company. He'd given up on getting his older brother to come along so it was nice to see
"He's outside on the phone. And I invited Eileen over for dinner. I promised Eileen that you'd make your lasagna, Dean. She loves it," Sam pleaded, giving Dean his most potent puppy dog eyes.
the new bed, and the kitchen counters and the shower and even strength of the walls.
"Stop that."
He'd never imagined his life to be what it was. It was perfect and everything he'd ever wanted and everything he thought he'd never have.
Castiel's voice was always deep. But somehow in the mornings, it came out even more gravelly and that raspy undertone did
"Stuff," he repeated. "Now that you're human, do you think about what you wanna do for the rest of your life?"
"I'll go wake the little ones," Castiel finished.
printed on the front in bold red letters.
“It is, isn’t it?”
"Uncle Sam! Aunt Eileen!" The little girl laughed delightfully as her uncle lifted her up into a big hug and kissed her forehead.
"Dean? Are you okay?"
make his heart beat faster. "Perhaps we may revisit the matter in the kitchen tonight. After Sam and Eileen have left, obviously."
They got into the car and drove off.
each other so much that they needed to
great kisser. He shivered pleasantly at the realisation that he’d soon get to discover any other talents this gorgeous angel had.
So he'd said that part out loud.
"I am aware of that, yes."
"Sam said that Dean was injured. They were attacked by three vampires who mistook them for you two. They killed the monsters but that Dean got hurt in the process."
"It was a happy place. The world itself was a better place, no evil, no suffering. More than a tangible place, it was a feeling of absolute bliss. I don't know how to describe it in exact terms, but it was beautiful, unlike anything I'd ever experienced in my several millennia."
Said man wasn't complaining, not in the slightest.
"Keep kissing me like that and you can do whatever you want, Cas."
He heard the bunker door slam shut, indicating that Sam and Cas were back.
Dean turned around to see Castiel enter the room. He'd ditched his usual suit and tan trench coat for a pair of Dean's grey drawstring sweatpants and a black T-shirt. The sweatpants hugged him just right and the T-shirt was stretched taut across his chest, hinting at what lay underneath. His hair was still wet from the shower as he sat down on the only empty sofa in the room.
The man smiled at Castiel sleepily, content to lazily trace his finger along the swirling tattoos along Castiel's left arm. "They're pretty," he whispered in awe.
) was definitely not equipped to deal with that. Yeah no, that wouldn't do. Not if Dean wanted to English anytime soon.
"You will do no such thing," Castiel sternly replied.
Dean couldn't help but snicker. It hadn't been their fault, not in the least. It wasn't his fault that Sam had returned earlier than expected. It was safe to say that Sam Winchester refused to use the Map table ever again.
"You're quite endearing
He barely heard the television playing in the background, unable to tear his eyes away from the current focus of his undivided attention: It had started off with a slight greying at the temples. Now, there were numerous streaks of silver woven into Castiel's unruly dark mop.
He was startled out of his thoughts by a kiss to the top of his head. "What's on your mind, Dean?" Castiel asked, carding his fingers through his hair.
Gosh, how did Castiel always manage to go from irresistibly seductive to adorably sappy in two seconds?
Without waiting for an answer, he grabbed the hopelessly clueless angel by the hand and escorted the both of them out of the apartment. And if he accidentally shoved past the other Dean, well, that was nobody's business.
Dean's sappy smile faded a bit at that. Of course it was his irritating alternate self. "Really? Why does that moron have to bug you at the asscrack of dawn?"
"He's in the shower."
With a groan, he let his forehead fall against Castiel's shoulder. "You're never letting me forget that are you?"
"Being whipped basically means you're willing to do absolutely anything for someone you love. Even if it's not something you like or enjoy. You'd still do it because it made that person happy. You care about their thoughts and emotions way more than your own."
******
They followed Alternate Sam into the apartment. It was a small but pretty tidy place. They went past the living room and into the one of the two bedrooms.
“Of course, Sam. You have my word,” Castiel replied with an innocent nod.
"You're such a big sap, you know? I was talking about getting a job, you dork. A regular, human, non hunting job. As a kid, I always wanted to be a firefighter. That or a professional baker."
"Yeah, yeah you'll get your lasagna. Is she staying the night?"
"That's very kind of you, Dean." He deposited Dean on their bed and helped his fiancé strip out of his jacket, flannel, his t-shirt and finally his undershirt.
Dean smiled indulgently at Jack. "You and Claire get to spend the day at Grandpa Bobby's."
Dean narrowed his eyes at the Cas. He had a feeling he was going to discover a whole new side of his favourite angel and couldn’t wait.
Grinning rather smugly to himself, he brushed his teeth and pulled on his T-shirt on his way to the kitchen.
Castiel's confusion morphed into a smirk. "I'm glad you find it so." The dark haired man leaned down and kissed him, effectively silencing any sassy retort  Dean might've had ready.
Dean nearly dropped the bowl when Castiel ran a single finger along his stomach. He was the only one who knew exactly where Dean was ticklish and he exploited that advantage thoroughly.
Dean snorted.
Dean cracked one eye open blearily, and then the other. He blinked a couple of times as he adjusted to the soft morning sun that was streaming in through the window.
"Yeah." Dean kissed Cas again just because he finally could. The angel was responded immediately, backing Dean against the Impala and all but devouring his lips.
But of course his idiot of a baby brother knew nothing of knocking and other boundaries. Dean just knew that he was gonna be a little shit about the whole thing.
Dean couldn't take it anymore. He couldn't stand seeing Jack this way, so hurt and distraught. He'd forgiven the kid a long time ago. It was no secret that he'd been pissed and nearly driven by rage, but that had been months ago. When Castiel had shown up at the bunker that day with Jack, the only emotion he'd felt was happiness.
Idiot.
"How is this already empty? I swear I'd bought it only two days ago!” Sam frowned as he shook the cereal carton for what it's worth.
“Hey, you asked.”
It was nearly nine o'clock which was quite late for him, although it was a Saturday morning. The twins would be up soon and he had promised them waffles for breakfast and if he wanted to make good on his promise, he needed to get out of bed.
Because wrapped around Dean's back with a tanned forearm arm tucked securely around him in a lose embrace was none other than Castiel. They were both dressed (thankfully) in simple sweatpants and t-shirts, and seemingly fast asleep, totally oblivious to Sam's presence.
"We'll figure it out, you know? This whole business with Chuck... we'll find a way. We always do, Cas. You, me and Sam. We'll keep the kid safe."
He kissed Dean's knuckles instead and draped his arm back over his shoulder. "I'm your fiancé,
The angel had draped his left arm over the sleeping nephilim's shoulders whilst his other hand rested on the kid's hair, occasionally carding through the blonde mop.
He looked over Jack's shoulder and shared a smile with Castiel, ducking his head to hide the blush that arose thanks to the warmth of the angel's gaze.
"I've already seen it twice, Cas. Besides," he felt his face heat up at his next words. "I'm just happy. Like crazy happy."
Dean snorted. Yeah right. "Why? So I can start my day by huffing like the big bad wolf? Last thing I need is for those dumb teenagers to make fun of me."
Sam just had to bring that up.
The last line was absolutely plain, just a statement without any judgment or suggestion. But it irritated Dean all the same.
Not wanting to disturb the two of them, he turned to leave when Castiel's rough, gravelly voice stopped him. "Good morning, Sam."
"And this hair." Warm lips ghosted over his hair.
It was the alternate Sam who answered the door. He'd traded his blazer and cravat for a pair of jeans and T-shirt although he still hadn't ditched the man-bun. There was a Band-Aid on his forehead but other than that he was unscathed.
Halfway through, two sets of footsteps padded into the kitchen. "Sam. Dean." The voice was soft, hesitant and maybe even a little afraid.
One of Dean's coworkers at Singer’s Garage was leaving so the others had thrown him a going away party.
Dean reared back like he'd been slapped. "Y-You're not?"
"When's Uncle Sam coming?"
"So what's the situation?" Dean asked once they were on their way. He realised that he didn't even know what they were heading towards.
, proving that he, Dean Winchester had fallen in love with the biggest sap and dare he say romantic in the world.
Cas was leaning against the counter, dressed in sweatpants and a stretched t-shirt that hung loosely on his frame, his own coffee mug cradled between long fingers. He smiled at Dean, all electric blue eyes and sex hair. The soft morning light streaming in through the kitchen window didn't help him either. Now all of that coupled with the Russian language in that sinfully deep voice?
