It was all he could do not to immediately shove his face in John’s crotch and lick and suck to oblivion. No, John Watson was lying fully naked and vulnerable below him, and he needed to take his time.
John clutched Rosie closer and sighed heavily. “Yeah, okay. Fine. I’ll consider it.” He couldn't read the answer in John’s face. Sherlock was exceptionally skilled at reading John Watson’s face, which could only mean John truly did not know his answer yet.
Mycroft shifted his weight onto his left leg (the weaker one) and raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Why ever not?” He glanced pointedly at John’s empty chair behind him. “According to Dr. Watson’s account, you’d be ready to flee the country at the drop of a hat if he needed you to
The five of them exchanged hugs and pleasantries. And if his embraces were a little more heartfelt with Elaine and Yasmin, no one mentioned it. He liked Stella, he really did, he just didn’t know her that well. At least, that’s what he told himself. She and Rosie had only ever spent a week or less at a time on the Isle, having met in London. John wasn’t the best with new people, and he hadn’t bothered to genuinely get to know Stella until he realized it was serious between the two of them, which was more recent than he’d like to admit. He was trying with Stella, mostly because he wanted Rosie to know that he approved. His hesitation had nothing to do with Stella being a woman, and everything to do with his own inability to be vulnerable with people (at least, that’s what his therapist would say).
John’s curiosity got the better of him, and he stepped out of the bar onto the marble tile of the lobby. His footsteps felt like reverberations through the entire building.
“Wait!” Fifty metres away, a vision in a long coat and a mop of windswept curls was barreling toward the ceremony with a scruffy man Rosie had never seen before, ordering to stop the wedding.
John nearly laughed. Christ, it was his daughter’s wedding, he had about a million things to do, and Sherlock wanted John to go chasing after him on a case. He was winding up to give Sherlock a piece of his mind about twenty years of nothing and now this, when Rosie spoke up.
Sherlock laid on his back and stared at the ceiling for a moment before qualifying, “But I am grateful that I got one anyway.”
Rosie had always been rather private about her unreleased music, ever a perfectionist about her work, so it was a rare occasion when she offered to play for him. For anyone. When she was growing up, it always took multiple pleas for a small preview. “Wow, that’s- yeah. Now?”
Connor raised an eyebrow at Sherlock’s interest, darting his tongue over his bottom lip. “Be my guest,” he said with an Irish lilt.
They kissed again, the knowledge of a hundred fantasies fueling the heat between them. “Where did you shag me, in your fantasies?”
Sherlock rolled onto his side to face John’s bed on the far side of the room. “I had sworn off friends, John. Thought I was above all that. I thought you were mildly interesting enough to keep my attention, and I knew I could be of use to you by giving you some excitement. The idea of you was attractive to me. But no, I hadn’t known that I wanted a friend.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, sincerely. “It might help to think of it as simply a more potent truth serum than scotch, without the other debilitating effects.”
The next morning, John texted Sherlock. He was done resisting; he had spent too much time thinking about the insufferable, temperamental, utterly fantastic genius in the last five years not to confront him after this puzzle.
John had moved on from working on the centrepieces to confirming with the vendors when Jacqueline, the peppy event manager, came running into the reception hall completely frazzled.
Elaine and Yasmin came up behind them, and Dad smiled, offering them hugs, too. And if they looked slightly warmer, less stiff than the one he gave Stella, she didn’t dare mention it. The four of them exchanged pleasantries about the flight and recent updates as Rosie watched. There was something so lovely about watching the four people she loved most in the world chatting mindlessly. Dad hated small talk with a passion, but he kept up appearances, and he looked genuinely interested in how Stella, Yasmin, and Elaine were doing.
Sherlock to this whole affair, John was already deeply indebted to his daughter. She needn’t have gone to the effort of a gift; she’d already given him everything he never knew he wanted.
His stomach grumbles, and he realizes he’s starving. He hasn’t eaten much in the last few days, having completely lost his appetite in his grief. He doesn’t want to face Sherlock, yet, but he needs to eat. In the end, his stomach wins out. He decides he’ll have to face Sherlock eventually, and better to do it now, when Rosie’s asleep, than to do it in the morning when that could be bloody awkward.
“She’s stable, thank god,” John breathed through the phone. He sounded absolutely knackered, and Sherlock felt anything but. John Watson was on the other end of the line, and he’d just saved a life. Luckily, the ambulance had arrived within minutes of the phone call with Rosie, and John had immediately put Stella on dialysis and ordered a Dimercaprol drip.
Rosie sucked in a sharp breath. She’d known this man for a day, and he’d already saved her partner’s life, deduced her latte order, and gave her a perfect accessory for her wedding without ever having seen her dress. She was starting to understand exactly what Dad had seen in him during that first strange meeting in the blog. But there were still things he wasn’t saying.
) lapping at his exposed nipple, Sherlock would call himself from half a day ago a complete and utter idiot.
John’s interest sent a hot spark of hope through him. He desperately wanted to talk about the case, but it was imperative for John to sleep for the next few hours. Otherwise, his circadian rhythm would be beyond repair for any real casework.
That’s not to say he hadn’t been taken aback when Rosie came out to him. When she was seventeen, John had a bit of an internal crisis after catching Rosie snogging a girl. He’d even asked his therapist if he thought her motherlessness was why she was a lesbian.
in the bridal suite when she’d sung her song. She could probably count the number of times she’d seen Dad cry on one hand. It could have been that the stress of the last few days- preparing for the wedding, greeting family and old friends,
“Possibly a soldier/civilian roleplay. Preferably in uniform,” Sherlock’s eyes gaze appreciatively down John’s body, as if imagining him dressed in camo. John conjures an image of his own; dog tags slapping against his chest as Sherlock rides him. “Doctor/patient could be interesting, too.”
The grounds of the National Palace Museum were decorated for the grand opening of the Imperial Porcelain exhibit, banners and signs hung tastefully around the sprawling entrance. The museum building was massive against a green backdrop of trees, built to make anyone standing at the base of the steps feel the power of its grandeur. On any other day, Sherlock would have loved to explore the expansive museum grounds and devise a plan to break into one of the heavily-guarded, temperature-controlled vaults where the museum’s most valuable items are kept. Today, however, they had other business to attend to: finding Edward Shih to confirm he was the target for the tea, and discovering who had stolen it from Xiaowen on the Alishan train.
Watson would like to know her prognosis, Doctor,” Sherlock cuts in, not-so-subtly. John closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
John took another sip of his scotch as the pilot’s tinny cruising height announcement played over the speakers, and Sherlock felt a pivotal shift between them. Perhaps it was John’s surrender to circumstance, or the scotch, or the fact that it was just the two of them traveling alone on a case for the first time in months, but the air between them was comfortable. It lacked the stiffness that had often bordered on coldness in the last year. Christmas night came to mind, and his cheeks heated.
John leans in to kiss him, harder this time, and Sherlock pulls him into his lap. John falls over him gracelessly, and the room descends into giggles- from John, Sherlock, Rosie, and Clara.
“‘Dramatic,’ ‘ridiculous,’” John laughed, making his voice mockingly posh. “That’s rich, coming from the man who dressed up as a French waiter to announce his return to the land of the living after two years. During my proposal, no less.”
He worried the fabric near the waist of his ancient cream-colored jumper, nearly worn through. It was the only tell that he had any feelings at all about Rosie’s confession.
“You’ll find a flannel and a dressing gown in the cabinet, and you’re more than welcome to use any of my bath products,” Sherlock instructed as he danced around the marble sink with ease, grabbing bubble bath and shampoo and body wash he deemed most suitable for John’s tastes. And if Sherlock leaned over to search through the lower cabinet for just a moment too long, accentuating his long legs and arse in those jeans, John pretended not to notice. What John really wanted was to push Sherlock up against the sink and kiss him senseless.
Sherlock studied her as he gulped a fill of musty hotel vapors, trying to steady himself. It had been quite a few years since he’d seen Watson in person. He’d kept a weather eye on her, though, and on three occasions, he’d gone undercover to increasingly larger London venues where Rosie had performed. “Your father doesn’t know, I take it.”
A miscalculation. John followed him and pulled at the tails of Sherlock’s half-tucked shirt, dragging him back a few steps. John’s grip was forceful enough to stop him from getting any ideas about pushing against it.
could Sherlock blame him? Ever since Sherlock pushed his arse in those damn black trousers back against John’s crotch ten years ago (and if he was being honest with himself, years before that), he’d wondered. He’d wondered if he could ever have that, if Sherlock had ever thought about it, if he’d ever want it. If Sherlock would ever want it the other way round, too. “
With a gun in hand, John’s entire demeanor shifted to embody a soldier. His voice took on that familiar rough quality that left no room to question it. “Xiaowen, untie me,” he said, not breaking eye contact with the security guard, his grip on the gun unwavering.
, John’s occasional hookup, of all people? In this moment, when John had been so open, so ready to finally have a conversation? His face hardened.
He took in the delicious sight of John in his bespoke suit, and Sherlock’s body was saying he’d like him any way that involved immediacy. But they’d done that already, ten years ago- the fast, hard, mindless shagging. His mind wanted to savor this, wanted the sensory experience of being surrounded by John’s things and his life for the last twenty years as he studied the intricacies of John’s mouth movements as Sherlock teased him. He wanted to drown in John Watson as he gave his body to him.
Sherlock leaned closer, his sultry baritone sounding criminal in John’s left ear. “Have any plans for the remainder of the night?” One hand still on his waist, a long finger came around to trace the buttons on John’s coat, inching dangerously close to the waistband of his grey trousers.
John kissed him again, his lips so warm and supple and achingly familiar, it was a test of will to stay stiff against them, but he was resolute. John pulled away, and he could feel the question coming before John asked it.
Sherlock brought the tea to his lips. Too much sugar. The sweetness lingered too long on his tongue before Mycroft responded, his entire frame somehow becoming even more stiff and businesslike. Sherlock smiled- he knew he’d won.
as John gave him a light smack on the arse. “Hey!” John chided, and the rush of heat to Sherlock’s cheeks at the touch was...surprising. “Careful what you go telling people about my
The buzz was starting to go to her head, the room becoming fuzzy at the edges. “Dad, I’m getting married tomorrow. We’re moving to London for my music. I worry about you here, alone,” she said, with the echo of an age-old memory. This was all much more than she had intended to say.
He kept quiet, expressing his pleasure only in huffed breaths through teeth. When he came, it was in gentle spurts. A soft warmth coursed through his body. He felt relaxed for the first time since Mycroft had asked him to take this case.
, John, yes, you’re going to feel so good inside me.” Sherlock reached under the elastic of John’s pants and stroked him back to full hardness.
When John finally took him into his mouth, Sherlock was aching for it. He’d thought he would be able to study John as he held him there by his mouth, but he was under such a spell that each sensation was indifferentiable from the last. All he could think, feel, taste, smell, hear was
John lifted Sherlock’s feet to join him on the couch, putting them back down over his lap once he was sitting. His fingers pressed expertly into the balls of Sherlock’s feet, and the pure pleasure of it made Sherlock groan loudly.
John takes Sherlock’s right hand in his left, placing it on top of the chair. Sherlock stares hard at their hands, concentrating. “I wanted you there.” John swallows. “I understand if you don’t...want that, though.” It hurts John to say. “I’m sorry. I was a complete dick at the funeral, and after.”
When John pulled away, his cheeks were flushed and his eyes were alight with inspiration. “Let’s go, then.”
Rosie recalled the intimate account of the man she had read in her own dad’s journal that morning. “Yeah, I suppose I do.”
It was ridiculous, and it was perfect. Sherlock groaned, pretending to hate it, but John knew he felt otherwise.
John could feel something coming to the surface that he hoped would sound like a chuckle. Instead, a strange ball of noise that sounded like a deranged laugh and a sob and an agreement released itself before he could stop it. He turned away, embarrassed and wanting to run away from the entire situation.
to think of himself that way. Sherlock, a father to his child- it’s a ludicrous fantasy he best not dwell on. He cocks his head and takes a step towards Mrs. Hudson. “Surely, you don’t mean-”
John so wanted to see Sherlock give into pleasure. “Come for me, Sherlock,” John pleaded, and with that, Sherlock did.
John looked pained for a moment, and Sherlock instantly regretted it. But John’s expression smoothed and he reached a hand out to wrap around Sherlock’s lower back and rest at his hip. It was grounding.
Footsteps approached outside. Mycroft’s contacts. He quickly rifled through the desk drawer to confiscate the remaining truth tea from Iris’s (now open) compartment and pocketed it.
“I’ll stay the night,” he conceded. Damn him for not being able to resist mysteries that tangentially involved John Watson. One night should be plenty of time to gather data. It had to be. “But I’ll be off in the morning.”
I promise. I want to be married to you as soon as possible,” Stella assured with a raspier voice than usual, squeezing Rosie’s fingers.
“You’re mad,” John laughs, punctuating it with a kiss. Sherlock leans into it, and they kiss and kiss until their lips are chapped, until they fall asleep in each other’s arms.
The cool night sea air outside of the hotel sank into his skin, energizing him. Sherlock wrapped his coat around him, and John took a moment to rub the thick fabric (vintage, now) between his fingers. “I missed this,” John said quietly, a whisper in the breeze.
“No, Rosie, this is what he does. He can’t go a bloody minute without dazzling an audience,” he spat.
Sherlock had watched Harry carefully all evening as a form of ethnographic observation. Aside from the tempting man presently rubbing his thumbs in circles on Sherlock’s stomach, pressing just hard enough to feel like a claim, Harry was the most interesting attendee. There was an entire treasure trove of unmined data about John stored in her strong gait, her tired eyes, her too-loud voice, her memories.
Upon entering, they put their carry-on bags in a locker and weaved through the dark hallways filled with intricate jade carvings (the most famous of which was a jade cabbage, which Sherlock found to be an extraordinary symbol for a country), textiles, and gems, following the signs to the Imperial Porcelain exhibition opening. When they arrived, the three of them stood, speechless, at the entrance.
He had pushed Sherlock away, treating him like scum, hiding the intensity of his feelings under scathing words, unanswered texts, and on one horribly vivid occasion, bloody fists. In the Sherlock-less years to follow, he had done a lot of work on himself with the help of a therapist (well, a few). But right now, John had the sense that he was living out the loneliest years of his life. He was nearing his mid-fifties, and every day he wondered where he might be if he hadn’t been such a bloody idiot. Sherlock probably hated him, and definitely never wanted to see him again. They hadn’t so much as texted in five years. That, John knew now, was the loneliness of heartbreak.
Sherlock takes his hand away and ties his dressing gown tighter around his waist. He bites his lip thoughtfully, and comes to lean against the armrest on John’s chair. John desperately wants to wrap his arm around those narrow hips, down his thighs, feel the silky material there, but...not yet. They need to talk, first.
“Watson woke up, for a bit. Mrs. Hudson made lentil soup. Watson had more of it on her face than in her stomach, but she seemed to like it, nonetheless. I read the insect book to her, the one Molly bought her, with the rhyming scavenger hunt. She seems to enjoy the desert landscape page most.” Sherlock moves his ministrations to John’s shoulders. “I put her to bed, and stayed to keep an eye on her and get some things done on my laptop. And...I didn’t want to disturb you.”
“Lord Moran, yes,” Mycroft finished, sounding bored. “Ex-Member of Parliament, ex-Minister of Overseas Development, London terrorist.”
John nestled the gardenia where half of Rosie’s hair was tied in a twist. It fit beautifully. Rosie turned her head in three different directions to study its placement. “Delia did such a lovely job with my hair today, don’t you think?” John nodded wordlessly, taking a mental freeze frame of the two of them in the mirror, Rosie done up to the nines and smiling like a face from the past. Nostalgia gripped him in a chokehold. He had to blink back a few tears.
“Oh, please, John,” Sherlock shut his eyes and leaned back casually into the leather. “As if I haven’t seen you do much worse. Must I remind you of the case of the Zodiac robber?”
She didn’t miss a beat. “It was a pleasure, solving a real case with both of you.” She reached her arms out to give John a hug. He begrudgingly accepted, his arms stiffly hanging by Xiaowen’s waist.  “And you two should enjoy your last night here- it’s New Year’s Eve!”
As much as her taste buds forgave Holmes for busting into her bridesmaids’ bathroom before 6am, her brain was still catching up.
John rested one hand on Sherlock’s leg while he drove through empty streets outside of Douglas, absently stroking his thigh with his thumb, grounding Sherlock in reality as his thoughts spiraled into a nervous whirlpool of what was to come.
“Really, Sherlock. I want to be wherever you are. I’ve had enough of missing you.” John squeezed his hand.
The next few days pass without John experiencing them. The first day, he sleeps. The next, he drinks. And drinks. John protests, but Sherlock stays on the couch. On the third night, Sherlock dumps John’s liquor. John weakly tries to fight him off, but Sherlock stays anyway. Rosie stays with Mrs. Hudson. Clara deals with Harry’s arrangements.
John can’t help himself, he leans in, placing his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face, and kisses him. “You’re gorgeous. I just- I didn’t ever think we would get here. It means a lot.” He looks away, getting emotional. Sherlock tenses.
They only finish three more patients (broken arm, sprained ankle, chicken pox) before John spots an oddly familiar woman with a nose ring, dark, intense eyes, and a head of black, springy curls across the room. “Clara!” John nearly shouts in his excitement to see an old friend he hadn’t realized he missed until this moment.
In Sherlock’s room, they tumble onto the bed, John climbing on top of Sherlock and kissing him deeply. Sherlock stretches beneath him, bringing a slow easiness to the kiss. There’s no hurry tonight, so John takes the opportunity to lick his way around Sherlock’s mouth, rolling his hips slightly, teasingly against Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock arches into the contact, spreading his legs in an invitation.
It was only eight by the time they finished, but even Sherlock had to admit he was exhausted. The jet lag weighed on his bones. As he was getting older, his humanity more often made itself known. He couldn’t survive on an hour of sleep for four days anymore. He had to eat and drink. He had...needs and urges.
“hard to deal with, this past year. This past week. Yesterday. But I want to work for this. I want to be a man worthy of you,” John confesses. The expression on Sherlock’s face is so loving, so open, John doesn’t know if he’ll ever be worthy of Sherlock Holmes. But god, he wants to try to be, with everything he has.
“Most people don’t celebrate Christmas in the traditional sense here, but decorations and Christmas songs are popular,” Sherlock said, answering John’s unasked question. “Thus, the Christmas bears.” They popped into the 7-eleven store attached to the station for some much-needed water and temporary Taiwan SIM cards, and the cashier was even wearing a Christmas hat.
John inched closer to Sherlock, leaning over his arm to read the information Mycroft sent. “Sherlock, look. ‘She recently faced backlash for consulting on a film with blaring historical inaccuracies.’ Could that be some sort of motive?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Your father’s skills are appalling. I can’t stand to embarrass myself twice.”
Surprisingly, the woman smiled at this. “There’s the Sherlock Holmes I know. It was nice to finally meet you.” She reached out to shake his hand, and Sherlock shockingly found himself reaching for it. “Iris Lyu,” she introduced. “Have a nice trip to Taiwan.”
“With the suspected dosage, it took a few hours for the arsenic to take full effect. Upon returning to the hotel, after Diana collapsed, I saw Jacqueline spiraling out- not a reaction of shock, but
John let his annoyance show for a moment before realizing that was Sherlock’s goal. “I panicked, when I couldn’t find Iris. Somehow she slipped away without me noticing.”
pushed into him. After a few tortuous moments of Sherlock adjusting to the feeling of John’s length inside him, he nodded, and John started to move, relishing in the slick, wet slide of their bodies, moving together.
) Italian accent, rubbing Sherlock’s shoulders suggestively. “Sherrrlock you look-a gorgeous as ever. Would you like-a some ehspaghetti? Mamma mia!”
. “John,” Sherlock breathed, and John actually gripped onto Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock’s eyes snapped shut, his mouth dry. He couldn’t just let this lie between them any longer. “You said…”
Sherlock cleared his throat, the heaviness of the space between them close to activating his tear ducts. “Well, then. Come be cliche and ring in the New Year properly.”
John had the fridge propped open with his foot, beer in hand, scanning the shelves for food. He grunted in approval upon seeing the plastic-wrapped leftovers of Mrs. Hudson’s Christmas lasagna.
Sherlock nods. “Please,” he breathes. It’s all the confirmation John needs to rub at Sherlock’s entrance and slide a finger inside, then two, stretching him until Sherlock gasps, squirming underneath him, pushing back against John’s fingers. “More, John.”
“I wondered the same, but I knew it was likely tied to Stella’s identity.” He studied Stella’s face, trying to gage her reaction.
John kissed him, quick and hard. “You’re art, and I get to keep you this time,” he whispered into Sherlock’s ear, stroking him like a paintbrush on canvas.
a satisfied inner Sherlock agreed).  John groaned internally. He knew it had been a mistake, letting himself jerk off to indecently sexy mental images of a frustrated Sherlock in only his dressing gown, hair wild, piles of crossword grids strewn across 221B. John had imagined him taking off his glasses and toying with them between his soft, pink, obscene lips, just a hint of tongue slipping through. Sherlock’s eyes had raked over John’s body when he entered, Sherlock dropping the grid he was working on in surprise. This Sherlock had gotten down on his knees to pick it up, and god, why was he so obvious, and-
“Hey, there’s nothing to be jealous of. I didn’t even know you existed yet,” John said, seemingly finding Sherlock’s display amusing. “It was nothing like what you and I have. Me and James used each other to survive. But you, Sherlock. You make surviving feel like living.” John’s voice caught. “You make my life worth living. You have since the day I met you.”
In their post-coital state of blissful truth, Sherlock asked John to move in to 221B. “You can always call this your home, John,” he said.
Xiaowen grabbed a pair of scissors from a mug on the desk and kneeled behind John. With John’s chair behind Sherlock’s view of the desk, he couldn’t see what Xiaowen was doing, but he knew she was trying to cut through the thick rope with the scrapbook-level blade.
“You may have a rebel on your hands,” she teases. It’s meant to be playful, John knows, but there’s a sadness in it.
“No more than you are.” There was a casualness to Sherlock’s voice, but it sounded forced, inauthentic. John knew if he spoke before he calmed himself down, he’d sound irrationally and totally inappropriately aroused, so he nodded while he subtly tried to adjust himself. But if Sherlock caught on (likely), he didn’t mention it.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’d only look properly shagged if you had decided to intrude about an hour later,” Sherlock calls playfully from the kitchen. He puts the kettle on. “Fancy a cuppa?”
actually read a few of John’s blog posts. Some of the older ones.” John puffs up at that. Sherlock smirks.
coming out of his mouth, but so wrong in this context. They’re a plea, not the gentle confession John had been envisioning for months.
He popped into the bedroom, coming out with a candle, waving it for all of them to see as if it wasn’t an open flame. “Candle for the table.”
“Daddy!” Rosie cries, reaching out for him, her eyes widening with empathetic tears. The tears instantly turn to sobs, and Sherlock turns her small body into his chest, rubbing her back and stroking her untamed curls.
“As soon as we’ve made sufficient use of John’s mattress,” Sherlock challenged, and John felt his cheeks heat. Scenes from this morning flashed in his memory, causing his lower regions to stir.
they touched each other with nothing between them. It was better than any high, better than a locked-room murder. The need for
Sherlock looked him directly in the eye, wanting badly to give this to him, but knowing this was not the time. “Yes. I promise I will give you the full version, on my turn with the truth tea. But tonight I ask you the questions.”
Sherlock brought his lips to John’s, and he gasped. The truth tea made John more receptive and less inhibited, so there was a special quality to John’s enthusiasm that he hadn’t yet experienced. The kiss instantly deepened, and Sherlock climbed onto John’s lap in his red chair, grinding into him.
Sherlock takes her out of John’s arms and soothes her. “Hello, Watson. It’s alright, you and Daddy are home now.”
,” John said, ripping Sherlock from his anxious reverie. “I still can’t believe it. And a bloody coincidence, too.”
Sherlock ignored her protests. “I admit, when Diana Wallis, a member of the hotel cleaning staff, was murdered yesterday, I had my initial ugly suspicions about Stella. I let history cloud my judgment; I tend not to trust anyone who wants to marry a Watson,” Sherlock began, ending the declaration with something like humor.
Sherlock showed her out with a small wave, which she returned. When he closed the door John wore a gentle smile. It was a soft and unguarded smile he rarely saw, these days, and Sherlock couldn’t look away.
“Mm,” he hummed, moving to lick a few testing stripes down the shaft, then twirl his tongue around the sensitive glans. He was rewarded with a shaky
Sherlock stood to his full height and brushed off his suit. “I shudder at the very thought.” The pity written all over his face prickled the hairs at the back of her neck. What was he not telling her? “It was rude of me to press you like this. Forgive me.”
Sherlock stretches his lanky limbs across the sofa, laying his head in John’s lap. John lazily runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “Thank God, because I need to get some sleep without worrying you’re going to drink yourself into oblivion. Do you mind?” He pulls the throw blanket off the back of the couch and covers himself with it, settling in.
Elaine laughed, a sparkly sound that reminded Rosie of the rightness of her chosen profession. “Well, then. This ought to be an interesting wedding weekend.”
Her annoyance was quelled a bit when the train bell rang, and the bright red vehicle started chugging its way through pine and cypress like a toy train under a Christmas tree.
Jacqueline scrambled to show him to the closet, where a woman, presumably in her 60’s, lay unconscious on the floor. Her skin was red and swollen. John kneeled down on the hard lino, trying to feel for a pulse. He felt nothing, but by the looks of it, she hadn’t been that way for long. He could try to revive her. With a decided huff and a flex of his fingers, he started chest compressions.
The relief coursed through John’s body, and he poured his entire being into the kiss. It was soft, and so warm, and in that moment John couldn’t remember a time when he hadn’t been kissing Sherlock Holmes. And when Sherlock’s hands slid down his own robe on John’s body and gasped, John couldn’t imagine a time when he wouldn’t be kissing Sherlock Holmes.
When he returned to the table, the slightest bit more composed, Sherlock was sitting, chewing on an apple as if their exchange hadn’t happened. His gaze was fixed on John’s legs. “You’ve joined a rugby league for men over 50.”
It’s rough, and messy, and heated. It’s wet tongues, teeth pulling at lips, frantic hands in hair, and desperate moans. John needs this release, fast and hard. Sherlock must know what John needs- he always knows. And he always gives. And maybe he’ll only do this for him once, under these strange circumstances, so John has to make it count.
John caught Sherlock glancing down the aisle at the flirty flight attendant for three seconds too long, raised his brows, and stared intently into his swirling plastic cup.
Mrs. Liu straightened her posture and stepped forward with grace, pushing Sherlock aside with just a glance. Dad raised his eyebrows, impressed. Mrs. Liu looked striking in a tasteful olive green dress, an expression of perfect composure across her features.
On a subconscious level, he had always known that he wanted to apply his theoretical knowledge to a practical setting. His findings had been thorough, and Sherlock thanked his former self as John was reduced to labored panting and frenzied moans over him.
Sod the ceremony. He’d sit here all afternoon if it meant his daughter would sing a song she wrote for him. She fetched her guitar.
He pulls on Sherlock’s curls, exposing his neck. He uses the momentum to flip them around so that Sherlock is backed up against the kitchen counter. John grinds into him, licking at his neck.
“So, how are things? Are you still at Bart’s?” John asked, and Molly scrambled to put her mobile away.
, for god’s sake. He always knew how to upstage the main act. And- the owner of the other voice caught up to him- why the hell was Rosie with him?
“Drink,” Iris commanded. It was a threat, and the word heated the low simmer of hatred for this woman into a raging boil.
John would spend the next few hours watching crap telly, checking his watch and his phone (in that order) intermittently. At 11, John would start wondering if he should just go to bed. At 11:35pm, George would text John to buzz him into the building. John would welcome him into the flat with a glass of wine (John couldn’t let go of the pretense of romance), and they would start kissing before they finished them. Wet, sloppy kissing would morph into hurried fucking, George on his knees, face-first in the bedsheets, or on the couch. Once in the kitchen. John would take, and take, and take and it would feel deliciously wrong pounding into a younger man with wild, dark brown hair whose body he often imagined belonged to another. George didn’t mind- he once told John that he didn’t care who he was thinking about, as long as John kept fucking him like that.
“Let’s go to bed,” John suggests, his voice especially husky from the emotional toll of the last day.
Sherlock narrows his eyes, reading the truth in the declaration on John’s face. “Easier said than done, John.”
John notices the new items on the nightstand- lube and condoms. Sherlock must have picked them up today; the price stickers are still on.
“Then I remembered Xiaowen’s Christmas gift.” John nervously rubbed his hands down his thighs over his jeans.
“I’m gay,” she said. Dad had always preferred to get right to the point. It was a principle they shared.
“Always so humble,” Dad mumbled, and despite the absurdity of it all, Rosie couldn’t suppress a smile.
The audience was watching excitedly, now. This was far more interesting and far less expected than anything they came here to see.
Outside, there were loud cheers of “新年快樂 (Xīnnián kuàilè)!” and grand explosions of fireworks. But quite honestly, the only noises Sherlock cared to listen to were John Watson’s soft moans and gentle kisses.
Emil’s cheery boom of a voice echoed through the gardens, and Dad pulled Sherlock into him before Emil’s mouth closed around the last consonant. He kissed Sherlock a few moments longer than was socially acceptable with a tender vulnerability so rare from him, Rosie swore she was dreaming.
“Iris Lyu has dual citizenship in England and Taiwan. Her specialty is Chinese antiquities, and she was a historical consultant and curator for the Imperial Porcelain exhibit,” Sherlock read from Mycroft’s report.
The memory fueling his agitation, he turned back to Sherlock with a bite. “Why did you do all that?”
John studies Rosie’s gold curls, her bright, curious eyes, her Watson nose. Where he used to see Mary, he instead sees Harry. “She does.”
“Your mum was so smart, Rosie. She’s where you got your big brain from,” he started, and Rosie conjured up the familiar image of mum in her wedding dress, smiling and thinking about difficult things, like science equations or the meaning of life. Rosie wished she were here. Daddy was good with history and writing, but if she was as smart as he said, Mum could’ve even helped her with maths homework. “There was a mean person who wanted to kill someone very important to me.”
“Yeah?” John added another finger, and placed a guiding palm on the small of Sherlock’s back. His skin was smooth, but John could feel the tightening and loosening of the muscles just underneath. The sensation was sending him into a sort of frenzy. “God, Sherlock,” he breathed, leaning down to place a kiss over the contracting back muscles.
“We can give you another room,” he looked over Sherlock’s shoulder to give John a once-over, “if you want.”
“The Victorians gave each other gardenias as a token of secret love,” she said, raising an eyebrow. “I looked it up.”
“Sh’lock. I love you,” John whispered against his lips, and Sherlock licked around them to taste it. “I love you.”
Sherlock was so direct, commanding and pleading simultaneously, the words were like an electrical fire in John’s synapses, shorting them out before consuming them.
It should have been rather endearing, but the remark pulled at Sherlock. “Oh, well. Thank you, Weixian. We’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
John closed his eyes, and let Rosie’s clear soprano wash over him. By the end of the song, his cheeks were stained wet.
Sherlock shifts next to him. “That’s exactly the problem, John. I don’t trust that you were in the right frame of mind.” He turns to look at John, who sees worry, and fear, and sadness, and a sliver of hope in Sherlock’s features. “How can I know how much of it you meant? I’m inclined to think you were desperate for any sort of human contact: an emotional and physical release after a traumatic event. And if that is the case, I was happy to give that to you. It doesn’t need to happen again.” Sherlock gets up and goes to sit in his own chair, across from John, his hard exterior back on.
Sherlock took the bag of loose leaf tea from her. “Thank you, Xiaowen. For this, and for your contribution to biochemistry. If your girlfriend
The posh duvet was covered in a mix of their semen, and so was Sherlock’s chest. He decided he really didn’t mind.
They stood like that for some time, in an embrace in the middle of Sherlock’s kitchen, just taking each other in, until Earl started to yip at their feet.
“不好意思 (Bu hao yi si),” she muttered, annoyed at the woman pushing into her with seemingly no sense of personal space.
He makes it to Baker Street with ten minutes to spare. He and Rosie are to stay at 221B for the next two nights- they can actually walk to the service venue from there. John’s not sure if that was entirely unintentional.
John must have been smiling goofily as Sherlock rolled on the condom and stroked him with lube, because Sherlock blushed. “What, John?”
“I think--” Daddy shifted in his seat, bobbing Rosie up and down. “People aren’t so black and white. I think everyday people can do heroic things, but making people into heroes never does anyone any good.”
He forced himself from a slump to a sitting position as best he could with the constraints, and listened through the small crack between the door and its frame. He could make out John on one side of the desk, and Iris Lyu on the other. Sherlock could only see Iris’s chair from his point of view, but John fidgeted, meaning he was strapped down, but his arms were free.
Xiaowen took out her mobile, starting to dial her girlfriend. “I’m going to call her, sort this out. This is just a misunderstanding.”
Stella, Mrs. Liu, and Jacqueline looked on in shock. Rosie wore an unreadable expression that could have been bemusement. John made a mental note to ask her about all this later.
A familiar, and yet very unwelcome, flame sparked in John’s stomach. “You think you’re dangerous, then?” He cocked his head, challenging. Sherlock met his gaze face-on.
They arrived at the airport in Taoyuan, a city near Taipei early in the morning, and took the High Speed Rail to the city of Chiayi in southern Taiwan- the largest city near Alishan. It was just before noon by the time they disembarked at Chiayi Station to a sunny and pleasantly warm late December day. Christmas decorations of Taiwan bears wearing Christmas light necklaces plastered the HSR station. John shed his jacket as he shot Sherlock a confused glance.
“Want to go kiss some more?” Sherlock muttered, barely coherent against his lips, but John understood the reference.
The previously repressed wave of nostalgia came up with force. The return label. He knew it. It  was John’s address.
Rosie was tucked in the cozy reading nook in her dad’s house, wrapped in her favorite blanket, sunk so deeply into the worn leather chair that she was beginning to question whether she would be able to stand up to shut the windows when the light rain inevitably shifted into a steady pour. It was a cool late-April day on the Isle of Man, and Rosie basked in the smell of the wet sea air mixing with the familiar scents of her childhood home. It’s what she missed most, living in London- the smells of home. Of leathery sandalwood in the sitting room, of earthy pine in Dad’s shampoo. She had no desire to close the windows.
The figure stopped briefly, turning his ear toward Rosie with a distinct felinity. Apparently deciding she was worth answering, he turned. He looked different from the picture Rosie had come to know best- her mum in a wedding dress, Dad and Sherlock in morning coats and top-hats. He looked older, with greying hair, spectacles atop his nose, and a few more wrinkles along his crescent eyes than Rosie had remembered from the photograph, but it was certainly Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective.
“Hm. Clever boy,” Sherlock tilts his head so John’s fingers can scratch the other side. He’s like a cat, John thinks, he’s practically mewing.
“I know better than anyone how emotionally stunted he can be, so he might need a nudge. But I’m sure of it, Sherlock. He. Loves. You.” The determined certainty in Watson’s face reminded him so much of Mary. Possibly Mary would’ve even said the same thing to him once if she’d ever been in a different position.
Mrs. Hudson took another bite of pudding from Sherlock’s outstretched spoon. “You didn’t dread it,” he said.
Clara perks up at the sound of John’s voice and gives him a small wave. She makes her way to a chair across from where John and Sherlock are sitting and crosses her arms. She’s wearing leggings, a cozy mustard jumper, and large, bold earrings covered in colorful geometric shapes. She looks more casual than John’s ever seen her. When he knew her well, Clara always sported clean, expensive trouser suits and simple jewelry. John likes this new look on her; she exudes the same, business-like confidence, but it’s relaxed, effortless, even. She and John are the same age, but Clara looks much younger. It makes John self-conscious. “I should’ve known the wanker having the time of his life in the A&E was you, Johnny.” She smiles. “It’s good to see you. Shite circumstances, though,” she gestures to the bright red Emergency Department sign hanging above them.
“You just can’t ask me to do that kind of thing anymore, you know. I’m only going to say it once more: I’m not sending you mail-order body parts, Sherlock.”
But apparently he was indulging his masochistic side, because he agreed for John to do this one thing. Then he could wallow alone in luxury. And with a better bandage.
“Is this…my own mobile?” she asked, her worry bubbling into something closer to excitement and surprise.
“Careful, Molly, you’ll suffocate my husband,” said Sherlock, gently pulling away and reclaiming John’s arm in his. “Not still holding onto old jealousies, are we?”
He knew she hadn’t meant to be condescending, but he took it that way. Sherlock smirked behind his tea.
“But Watson was unknowingly helpful in dispelling my bias. Once I confirmed that Ms. Wallis had been poisoned with arsenic, I remembered that the water in the honeymoon suite wasn’t running yesterday morning. It seemed to be working perfectly fine everywhere else, which told me Diana Wallis’ death was an accident.”
Admittedly, the case held promise. A mountaintop robbery on an old Japanese train where the only item stolen was a small case of mysterious tea leaves in a backpack? An ideal Christmas gift, two days late. Mycroft knew what he was doing, knew exactly what he had to say to lure Sherlock in.
Sherlock’s chest lurched. If Sherlock was beautiful, then John was breathtaking, the grand finale of a fireworks display. His voice came out in a dry whisper. “I don’t mind.”
Rosie woke to an insistent rapping on the door of Elaine and Yasmin’s hotel room. Both of them were still fast asleep, dead to the world after the chaos of the previous night. The thick curtains were blocking out any sunlight that dared to enter at-- 5:54am? She rubbed her eyes and checked her mobile again. Yep. 5:54. Yasmin’s arm was curled comfortingly around her waist, and Rosie had to resist the urge to fall right back to sleep.
When Delia, a late 20-something with a bright pink, asymmetrical bob who made John feel about 85, caught sight of Rosie, her eyebrows shot to the ceiling. John stiffened. The last thing Rosie needed was validation that he’d given her hair a hack job.
“Sherlock, I know this is bloody awful timing, at my sister’s funeral. But she deserves to know. She knew, all the time, Sherlock. She knew me. Harry understood me better than she had a right to. Sherlock, I love you. I love you so much.” His voice catches and it turns into a sob, and somehow Sherlock is there, dragging him off the podium and out of the church. John lets him. He is completely numb.
“No. That wasn’t how I wanted to hear it.” Sherlock brought a hand back to John’s thigh. He could feel the sturdy muscle beneath his jeans. “Say it now, John. Say it for me.” He was practically pleading.
Watson had been away at school, and John had come to London alone. On sight, it was clear that the news of Mrs. Hudson’s passing, as anticipated and intricately prepared for as it had been, had wrecked him.
Stella looked awkward, and Rosie couldn’t stand for that. “No, it’s okay. I’m just happy she came.” Stella’s mum was from Beijing, and had moved to London when she married an English diplomat- Stella’s dad. He’d died when she was two. So had Rosie’s mother. They understood each other, in that way.
Thankfully, Watson and two of her friends burst through the hotel doors to interrupt, and Connor shoved the sign away, standing straight. Watson and her bridesmaids walked with a gait unsteadied by alcohol, but the weary expressions on their faces looked dead sober. The night had taken a toll on their appearance, with questionable stains on their clothing and stray pieces of frizzy hair circling their heads. The wind had picked up after sundown, and Watson looked like she could catch a chill at any moment with the tiny dress she was wearing. A tacky “bride” crown sat askew atop her curls.
Xiaowen’s distress shifted into something more like excitement as she pulled onto a small road winding to a small home atop a hill. The building overlooked a steppe of tea plants. Her family home. “You’ll be able to see for yourselves in a minute.”
“Daddies?” John asks, knitting his eyebrows together. The word creates a pool of warmth in him. He wonders if Sherlock has ever thought of himself that way- if he’d ever
Another choked sob escaped from Jacqueline, but Rosie had not an ounce of sympathy. That woman was despicable. She nearly took the love of her life away from her. She tightened her hold on Stella’s shoulders.
“No. I want to see it.” Sherlock hesitates, but he moves his arms to his sides. John stops stroking himself and sits up. “No one’s ever going to do that to you again, Sherlock. I won’t let them.”
And oh, it really, really was. “It’s been too long, Greg.” He gave the former D.I. a familial slap on the shoulder in greeting. It felt like old times.
Sherlock turned to him with a brilliant smile he hadn’t seen in ages, and John nearly forgot what he had been asking about. “It was arsenic.”
When she woke up with a pounding headache two hours later in a tiny surgery that looked more like someone’s house than a hospital, the first thing she noticed wasn’t the bruise on her arm or the news of the incident playing on telly or the nurse giving her a wary look from across the room.
But there had always been an edge of guilt that seeped into the pores of his relationship with Rosie, raising her without a mother. He’d half-heartedly tried to find a potential partner, dating a few women casually, but his heart hadn’t been in it. He raised Rosie alone.
God, how he envied her. John briefly fantasized about marching over there, grabbing the phone, and yelling at Sherlock about forcing Molly to do his bidding- just to start a row, to force Sherlock to fight back. There had always been such an instinctual element to fights with Sherlock that John missed. Craved, even. Like dancing, they both knew and secretly loved the moves, but indulging in it felt like a breach of an unspoken contract between them. They were liberating. Their fights had been intense and charged and complex and
“I didn’t want to give Iris any more leverage than she already had. If I had known you were listening, Sherlock, I wouldn’t have-”
Sherlock stood aside and gestured for her to come in. She didn’t hesitate, taking off her shoes, striding right into the room, handing one bag of food each to John and Sherlock, and sitting on the edge of John’s bed cross-legged. She stuck a wooden stick into a piece of fried chicken and popped it into her mouth.
She glanced around at the tour group, who had quieted a bit since the train started moving. The two chatting on the other end of the carriage chatted about the weather in undeniable southern Taiwan accents, likely from Kaohsiung.
John chuckles, and Sherlock’s head bobs up and down with the movement of his chest. “Whatever you want, love.”
“How did you and Amy meet?” Sherlock asked, partly curious, but more hoping to find out how much of a threat she potentially posed.
.” His voice breaks, and Sherlock’s smile is gone- he’s looking at John like a fragile tea set. John hates it. He’s got to say something, anything, that makes Sherlock stop looking at him like that. He knows what he has to say, for Harry. For himself.
“I am, yeah. I’ve been promoted, actually. I’ve got some research projects going. Things are good.” She hated to bring up her dating life, as it was so trivial compared to the strides she had been making in her career, but she had to take her chance at getting answers. “And I’m seeing someone.”
, John feels himself getting hard in his trousers, under Sherlock’s feet. The mental image of pulling Sherlock onto his cock is dazzling. “God, yeah.”
“Sherlock Holmes, eh? The detective bloke?” Seamus asked, smoothing the label onto the envelope. His soft Irish lilt had always been endearing to Rosie. “You hiring him?”
Dad was no restaurateur, but he was clearly trying- it was extremely endearing. Rosie squeezed Stella’s hand in her lap.
to pick this lock first. “Quickly, get between the filing cabinets and throw a poster over yourself. I’ll take the broom closet.” She did as he instructed, and it was surprisingly inconspicuous, but it allowed her little mobility and no view of the room.
It was nearly 3am when he woke up again, pen in hand, and scribbled notes all along the margins of the crossword. A stack of old puzzles had collapsed onto the floor, and Earl was sleeping on top of them. He gave her a pat, and she sleepily rolled onto her back in an open invitation to pet her stomach.
“Oh, lord.” Sherlock’s face dropped, and John had to wonder what he was missing about this exchange.
John reaches for the lube and coats his fingers generously. “Good boy.” He positions himself behind Sherlock on his side, most of his weight on his right elbow. He plants kisses along Sherlock’s spine and moves his fingers down to Sherlock’s cleft.
When Rosie emerged from the salon chair a half hour later, John forgot his misgivings and decided Delia was a magician. The too-short short fringe looked almost intentional, now. Rosie beamed.
John lazily kissed his way down Sherlock’s body, licking his way over Sherlock’s nipples, his belly button, his pelvic bone, and once his pants were discarded, his inner thigh. John’s mouth was like a masseuse, finding every spot hiding a glint of nervousness and anxiety on Sherlock’s body and undoing it with his touch.
He looked away, unable to confront the overwhelming mix of emotions shouting from John’s features. “Of course. She’s a genius.”
John nodded, knowing he was losing this battle. Sherlock gritted his teeth, knowing he could have coaxed more information out of her. “Porcelain,” John said, and Iris’s body language expressed the confusion Sherlock felt at the response. But Sherlock’s confusion was instantly replaced with pride as he realized what it was: a codeword. John instantly reached for the gun looming by his ear, grabbing it with stunning efficiency and turning it onto the security guard as a figure who appeared to be Xiaowen ran across the room and stuck something into Iris’s shoulder. She collapsed onto the desk, unconscious.
“Now take it off.” Sherlock does. The scar on his chest hits John with the same amount of force as before. That’s going to take getting used to. Sherlock moves to cover himself with his arms, but John stops him.
Xiaowen was eager to get off this cramped train, but took the opportunity to admire the view through the small window behind her. It was peaceful, nostalgic- the complete opposite of her inner chaos. Was she doing the right thing? She trusted M, had trusted them wholeheartedly for years, but should she? She didn’t even know their name.
, intense, and he needs more. He takes Sherlock’s hand into his own and readjusts them so their cocks are touching, leaking onto each other, rubbing against one another. John takes them both in his hand and squeezes.
“Our Sherlock,” Dad breathed incredulously, but something seemed to click. He said the words again, slower, like he was trying them on for size.
He had naively thought the TD-12 would bring John peace- that knowing the truth would break him. But in agreeing to the TD-12 treatment, Sherlock had proven he learned nothing from the business with Magnussen. Once again, sentiment had compromised his critical thinking and worsened the outcome.
The kitchen devolved into a fit of laughter, partially embarrassed, partially charmed, partially basking in each other’s company. They laughed until they were too hungry not to eat, then ate until they were well and full, then talked and drank wine into the late hours of the night.
“Sorry,” Sherlock conceded, and he saw John’s eyes bulge in surprise at the utterance in the rearview mirror. “I should’ve made John do it- that’s more his area.”
Rosie’s roommate had already gone to explore the campus with her gran, so it was only Rosie and Dad left in the white-walled room. They’d registered, unpacked her luggage, made her bed, and set up the minimal decorations and school supplies on her desk, so there wasn’t anything else to be done. Her trunk sat empty beneath her bed, already collecting dust. Rosie eyed the elaborate picture collage hanging above her roommate’s bed, a bright collection of smiling faces, colorful birthday parties, and warm family photographs. Rosie’s side looked bleak in comparison. The only photo she’d brought was a selfie Dad had taken with her at Snaefell summit last autumn, printed on A4 paper from Dad’s office. In it, Rosie had two fingers up behind Dad’s head, giving him bunny ears, and his eyes were crinkled into crescents, mid-laugh. Rosie’s windblown hair looked wild, but she was smiling from ear to ear. She remembered feeling hints of a god complex standing at the top of the mountain with her dad, on a green peak where you can see England, Ireland, Wales, and Scotland at the same time. She loved this photo dearly, but suddenly the token felt childish and small next to her roommate’s expansive collection of memories.
years ago in the army, he’d appreciated a slow, full prep. Currently, his efforts were being rewarded with quickening breath and low moans that were going straight to his groin. He was aching with the thought of his cock replacing his fingers inside this inexplicable man.
As much as he’d hurt him today, John’s fastidious doctor touch was soothing. He held Sherlock’s hair back as he cleaned the wound, and Sherlock was once again transported through touch-memory to Christmas night. But the second he felt himself lean into John’s steady fingers, Sherlock stiffened again.
. As if she doesn’t already think I’m a shit father for always dropping Rosie with someone else, and right after Christmas, no less. What kind of dad do you think I am, Sherlock? Did you really think there was a chance I’d agree to this?”
Shockingly, Watson smiled fondly around a chip. He wished he could find it endearing. “Where did you go, just then? Was that your ‘mind palace’?”
John was fuming. “Don’t you dare walk away from me now,” he ordered, and the combination of the command and John’s groin pressed up against his arse was making him hard again. Fight it, his brain pushed against his arousal. Fight. It.
He sat in the Chinese restaurant across the street from the Lucky Cat Emporium. John was across the table, making terrible use of the chopsticks. Sherlock studied the menu- printed inside were not Chinese food items, but useful Mandarin phrases. He read them aloud to Mind Palace John, who was satisfyingly impressed. Sherlock’s spoken Mandarin was decent, but his reading and writing still needed quite a bit of work before he could be deemed fluent. Plus, Taiwan used traditional characters, which were more involved than the simplified characters he’d become familiar with when Mycroft sent him to do some investigative work in mainland China after university. He’d only been to Taiwan once before, on short holiday after said investigative work.
It was John’s turn to wince. “Don’t apologize, Sherlock. This was good. Bloody brilliant, actually.”
John kisses Sherlock again, open-mouthed. He reaches inside Sherlock’s pants, pulls out Sherlock’s gorgeous cock and begins stroking in earnest, the pre-cum leaking from the head just enough to lubricate. They’re going to feel the chafe in a few hours, but at the moment, John doesn’t care. Fuck, he doesn’t care one bit; he’s getting off with Sherlock! God, he’s waited so long for this, and it’s so wrong, and so right, and so,
John looked away, fiddling with the seat-back tray and clicking it back into place. The glass of scotch sat empty and a bit mocking in the seat cup holder. He mumbled, “It usually does.”
“Yeah?” Sherlock studied John’s face at the question, and a glimmer of understanding crossed his own. He leaned into John's ear.
In the early days at 221B (before the Fall), Sherlock had listened with interest (that he knew now was more than scientific) to John getting himself off. The shower was a common John wank locale, where Sherlock could discreetly lurk by the door and categorize John’s sounds and deduce his stroke speed.
“Happy to be going home,” John said, and Sherlock briefly wondered what John pictured “home” to be. They had not discussed living arrangements, and there was Rosie to think about.
Completely breathless, sweaty, and defeated, John slid down the wall outside of the hotel and held his head in his hands. He had found Diana beyond saving, he knew, but it was never easy to feel like he had failed a patient.
Their room was small and utilitarian but comfortable. There was an attached bathroom with an Asian-style toilet/shower combination. There was one desk tucked against a corner, where they put their suitcases. The room was a twin, so they each had separate beds. Sherlock told himself he wasn’t disappointed- they had work to do.
Sherlock left a secured Jacqueline with Lestrade and made his way to the microphone. He gave Emil a threatening glare, and the poor sod stepped aside, handing it over. Dad was covering half his face with his hands, as if that could help him unsee what was unspooling in front of them. Stella’s mother was looking around at the rest of them like they were lunatics for letting this madman take over the mic and the ceremony. They might’ve been.
?” His voice had risen to a totally unacceptable level for the hotel breakfast buffet, but he found he didn’t much care that half the guests could hear his and Sherlock’s squabble.
John snorted. “God help anyone who tries to hold her back from anything.” John could be so predictable, still hanging onto old sibling resentments despite the sober status she’d clearly worked hard to earn. But then, John had always been slow to forgive.
He was rather a lonely kind of man. His childhood had been rigid, his stiff parents not prone to displays of affection. In his teenage years, there had been social loneliness; his rugby teammates had iced him out after the goalie caught him snogging the football team captain behind the school- the
He clears his throat. “Growing up as Harry Watson’s little brother, I learned three things at a young age: first, how to throw a punch, second, that everything dangerous is fun, and third, that Harry is always right. The first one is self-explanatory. Harry is- was- probably one of the most aggravating people on the planet. She teased and teased and pushed and pushed in exactly the right ways. She knew how to make anyone snap. As her younger brother, I was a target all too often.”
John thrusts once, and drowns in the pure pleasure of it. Sherlock lifts one arm to tug at his own curls, and brings the other hand to touch his cock. John can tell he’s lost in it, too. He thrusts again, and again, and Sherlock starts to push back against him, more forcefully now.
Sherlock looked taken aback. “Clearly,” he muttered under his breath, and something about his tone set Rosie on edge.
They kissed until the fireworks had long ended, until the stickiness on Sherlock’s chest was becoming uncomfortable for both of them.
Molly was absolutely perplexed, as she often used to be when it came to all things John Watson. She racked her brain for topics that wouldn’t make the conversation awkward or tense. Anything Sherlock-related was off the table.
He wasn’t discreet, close enough to the microphone to be projected, and the question felt like a punch to Rosie’s gut.
Sherlock wondered if the chemical makeup of the truth-tea had attached itself to any parts of John’s memory altered or suppressed by the TD-12. Mary had caught Sherlock in the act- she had known about his feelings toward John, and she had shot him for it. Sherlock had strong evidence that she had also known about John’s feelings for Sherlock, even if he hadn’t confronted them himself.
“Tell me, John,” Sherlock said, whispering against John’s bottom lip. “Tell me what you lied about.”
No, he wasn’t. “You’re lying.” Rosie wouldn’t have known how to contact him (or why), and neither would Stella. Unless he was invited to solve this case (doubtful- the universe was rarely so lazy), Sherlock Holmes was officially a wedding crasher.
Sherlock ended the call and handed the phone back to John. He took it dazedly, unable to process all that was happening at the moment. “Sherlock, what the hell is going on?”
Xiaowen scratched her head. “John, with all due respect, I really don’t think you did. The flavors of oolong are deeply complex, and could easily be mistaken for another kind of high mountain tea.”
, tangled up on the sectional that smelled like John and firewood and sea, getting high on neuropeptides, kissing like they had all the time in the world to do it, because they did. Just half a day ago, he would have scorned the institution of marriage and claimed he would never be caught in such a soul-destroying, ridiculous, sentimental agreement, and yet: here he was, William Sherlock Scott Watson Holmes. And with John’s thigh placed just
“Come on, then.” John nudged his nose against his cheek. Sherlock refused to turn. “What about this proposal? Are you going to ruin this one, too?” he teased with a massaging of Sherlock’s ring finger, and the question was like a record scratch.
John continued, “If she- Amy- knew about the tea leaves, she might try to use them against him. Catch him in the act, so to say.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “See you tomorrow?” he asked Watson, an edge of insecurity creeping into the question, but she gave him a reassuring nod.
He rubbed a petal in between his fingers. “You’re reading too much into it.” He wanted to tell her that Sherlock didn’t know anything about the botanical codes of the Victorians, but the fact was, the bastard likely did.
“Mmm. Feels good,” he praises. Sherlock continues his massage. “I was worried, when I woke up. That you weren’t there. That you were angry.”
“Child’s play,” Sherlock scoffs, and John raises an eyebrow. “Literally, John. He’s a nursery teacher. Picked it up from one of the walking petri dishes we call toddlers.” John chuckles, and for a moment, he forgets he’s not supposed to be enjoying this.
just like the truth tea, but it’s our regular high mountain tea. No truth-telling effects, promise. It’s a Christmas welcoming gift to Taiwan from my dad and me.”
“It’s mostly Sherlock’s things,” he said, setting the table with a dish filled with chicken pesto spaghetti and sundried tomatoes. It smelled heavenly, of home. She knew this meal well.
It had helped his generally surly mood these last few months to put his energy into something joyful. It was possible he was overcompensating, but then again, he had raised Rosie overcompensating for some parental lack in almost every way, and she had turned out alright. More than alright. Lovely, wonderful, perfect. Unprecedented in the history of children.
If it was Dad’s usual pasta dish, it would be ready in about half an hour. That meant there was some time to kill with a first snog in her and Stella’s first apartment together. Stella obliged, pressing her back into the fresh sheets of their new bed, tangling their legs just so.
“I’ll prepare the bath for you. You’re clearly starting to ache in that position, and you haven’t showered in three days.”
It took Sherlock and Xiaowen twenty minutes to find the office in the maze of the Palace Museum. On the way, Sherlock nicked two ID cards from attendants for each of them. Sherlock’s was a Taiwanese man’s, but he didn’t suspect anyone would look too closely. They had to slip behind a staff member before a carded door closed, their IDs not having the access, but once they made it into the personnel area, the process of breaking into Iris Lyu’s office was exceptionally easy. Sherlock picked the lock and the automatic fluorescent lights switched on to reveal a small room made to look even smaller by filing cabinets filled to the brim, and various posters laid haphazardly over the desk and cabinets. There was a door that undoubtedly led to a cramped broom closet.
It only took a half second for Dad’s smile to drop, however. He intercepted the microphone being passed from Sherlock to Emil. “Wait. Sherlock, you really trust her? She’s Moran’s daughter,” Dad asked, hissing the last two words.
“God, no,” he can barely get the words out. He’s livid. He flexes his fingers, fighting the urge to punch something. It’s this moment that Sherlock appears and digs his hand into John’s shoulder, equal parts warning and comfort.
- Sherlock gasped as the outline of John’s hard cock grazed his inner thigh. He groaned with the need to touch John, catalogue him, make him do more of whatever he was currently doing with his mouth against Sherlock’s neck.
“I know, but I’m going to try,” John breathes, the sadness he’s suppressed for the last few days finally coming to a head. “I have to try, for Harry.”
It took seven minutes before the response came. Sherlock had texted during a conversation at the lunch table, then. One of the nurses. The ginger one, probably. John couldn’t help playing into social niceties, but he’d be much better company later if he took the lunch break to eat alone.
“You look happy,” she greeted, and it sounded like both a question and an accusation. She had heard the office interaction, too, under the impression John drank the truth tea. In the wake of her own breakup, Sherlock was sure she wouldn’t be thrilled to face two people besotted with each other.
He stuck the fingers of his right hand into the waist of John’s trousers and pulled him closer, undoing the zip one-handedly (an impressive feat, considering his current state), and reaching around John’s length. John obliged Sherlock’s body, so intimately in tune with its nonverbal requests for
That was Dad for you: stubbornly closed off for far too long, but once he decided on something, he put his all into it. It was his best and worst quality.
In a constant state of questioning his single parenting abilities, he’d wanted to give her every opportunity for success. When Rosie started to show impressive promise as a musician, he’d received a pamphlet in the post for an elite fine arts boarding school outside of London. Within weeks of her audition, she’d received a generous full-tuition scholarship funded by an anonymous donor that year. John had his suspicions about the involvement of a certain official in the British government, but he hadn’t questioned it. Rosie had been ecstatic, and John reluctantly sent her away to the English countryside to school.
Dad’s breathing was becoming shallow. Rosie thought she might have a crisis on her hands if she didn’t calm him down. “It’s okay, Dad. It can’t be a wedding without a bit of drama, right?”
John wanted Sherlock to engulf him. To be engulfed by him, and Sherlock had no choice but to oblige. He wrapped his lips around the head of John’s cock, pulling him inside, and John cried out.
John shot Sherlock a nervous glance. Sherlock nearly protested for John’s sake, but couldn’t bring himself to lie to her. She was nearly as skilled as him when it came to telling if someone was lying- she invented truth tea.
“Let’s pace ourselves,” Rosie whispered in Stella’s ear. “We’ve got our hen parties after this, remember, and who knows what kind of shenanigans our friends have planned.”
The sentiment was clearly meant to be kind, but it only fueled his bitterness. He swallowed it down in favor of a forced, polite smile.
Sherlock joined him on the bed, cracking open the lid and making a move to spread the stuff onto his fingers, but John stopped him. He wanted to do this for Sherlock, make it good for him. “Let me.”
A blog entry in Dad’s journal came to mind- The Geek Interpreter. She could empathise with the poor bloke who witnessed the events in a comic strip coming true, now; Sherlock materializing in front of her had seemed just as unlikely as Chris Melas’ debacle only a few short months ago.
“I don’t believe we’ve officially met,” Rosie tried, catching Sherlock’s eyes glancing awkwardly at her outstretched hand. They were beautiful, his eyes- layers of blue and green and grey. She inherently trusted them.
“H-Hello?” greeted the voice on the other end, a little shaky. Rosie nearly dropped the wine out of pure adrenaline. Sherlock’s voice was not shaky by nature.
John cleared his throat, a subtle push to the objects and people in the dimension around him to get moving.
After the tension dissipated over more fried chicken, the three of them discussed the plan for the next day, agreeing to take the High Speed Rail back north to Taipei for a trip to the iconic National Palace Museum, where they hoped to glean some information about why the truth tea had been served on their flight.
The photo had been saved on Dad’s desktop computer under his wedding album folder, the entire contents of which Rosie had committed to memory. She had snooped there more than a few times in her younger years, a curious child eager for answers about her murky history. The current sight of Sherlock transported her to Dad’s office, clicking through a seemingly endless reel of lilac dresses, honey yellow walls, and cream-white flowers when she was supposedly “doing homework.” She could picture the file perfectly. Nestled between photographs of Mrs. Hudson and the bridesmaids outside the church, there was a picture of her mum, Dad, and Sherlock together. Mum wore a glorious smile. She looked gorgeous, and over-the moon. Dad looked happy, an arm each on Mum and Sherlock. But the peculiarity of the photo lay in Sherlock’s stiffness, as if he were steeling himself for a fatal blow certain to come after the picture was taken. She’d always thought it rather odd, but now that she had read about the nature of Dad’s relationship with Sherlock Holmes in his journal, the strangeness of that photo finally made sense.
“Emergency contact,” Sherlock answers. He’s eyeing Clara up and down, not even bothering to hide his
“Are having an affair?” Sherlock finished for her, and he looked back to Iris and Amy, new deductions springing up confirming his suspicions. By their familiarity but inability to conceal their relationship in a public space, it was rather new. Sherlock estimated they had been seeing each other for about two months now. Sherlock had previously deduced Iris’s job in the art world- it was clear now she worked for the museum, and the two of them had come here together. “Undoubtedly.”
He shook his head; he was getting ahead of himself. Focus on the here, now. The next few crucial seconds. How was he supposed to react to this proposal? It was so unexpected, he hadn’t had any time to plan his response. He could usually get ahead of John’s cognitive processes, anticipate his next move at least a few seconds before he made it, allowing Sherlock to adjust his facial features, control his tone. But this, this confession came like a rogue bullet: swift and deadly. He was likely blinking like an idiot outside of his head, outside of this faux Angelo’s. “What do I do?” he whispered to this John, completely out of his depth.
John was just dipping a sweet potato chip in chipotle aioli when Stamford asked the question he knew had been coming. Stamford asked it every time they saw each other, as if he still held out hope for the two of them. It just made John cringe. “So, have you, uh, spoken to...Sherlock at all?” John paused mid-bite to give an almost imperceptible shake of his head. Stamford retreated immediately. “Sorry, mate. I should stop asking. None of my business. Just curious, is all.” Stamford’s usually cheery face went red with embarrassment.
She shifted tellingly in her seat, and John caught on. “Ahh, I see. So it’s not the violin you don’t like. It’s the orchestra.”
Sherlock returned to 221B smelling of rot. This stakeout was the third and only successful one in the case, and it involved waiting for the murderer to collect his weapon stashed in a very hot and very full dumpster. They nabbed him in the end, after a laughably short pursuit, considering the full week of planning and ineffectual stakeouts leading up to that moment. It was likely to be Sherlock’s last case with Lestrade, as the D.I. was set to retire the following week, so he had stayed around for the arrest and even for the tedious paperwork-filling.
“Joooohn,” he called, falling onto the couch in a total surrender by his limbs. Shit, what time was it? Nighttime, he was sure. He probably shouldn’t be yelling.
Mycroft was disheveled and attempting to compromise, which meant that he was desperate. Desperate for
For a moment, it looked like Xiaowen was going to punch him. But after a moment, her expression turned into a devilish grin. “You slept with him.”
The signs were there: the message had been typed instead of handwritten, the tone had been a touch dramatic for John’s usual stylings, and John would hardly want him at a wedding after the catastrophe that was the last Watson wedding Sherlock had attended.
when Greg told him. “She should’ve come! It’d be lovely to see her.” He meant it. He certainly hadn’t been his best self toward the end of their friendship, and he missed her sweetness in his life.
He could turn around right now, and Molly would never have known he was there. But he was John Watson, dammit, and he could-- would-- face her. He squared his shoulders, and with a set of his jaw, he marched forward.
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around John’s shoulders, his touch hesitant and feather light. He smelled so achingly familiar, the scent alone made John’s head spin. He tried to sneak his nose closer to Sherlock’s collar without being dreadfully obvious, to the exposed skin there. He was all posh lotion and Iranian takeaway and sweat and faint chemical residue. After ten years, the mixture was still rather intoxicating.
“I love you,” John says again, taking on a serious tone. He runs his hands along Sherlock’s sides and thighs. The silky fabric of Sherlock’s pajamas whistles against his fingers. Sherlock hums.
He hadn’t meant to say jealousy, to bring that issue to the forefront under the current circumstances.
“I missed you.” It wasn’t in Sherlock’s nature to be romantic, but he felt the truth of this statement in his bones. It was as if they’d been circling in retrograde for the last twenty years, and the planets finally went direct the moment he’d touched down in the same space as John Watson.
She laughed, her eyes crinkling. “After our day yesterday, I’m sure you’re ready to get the hell out of here.”
it, I- Jesus.” John drops his head into his hands. He’s gone and ruined the best damn thing in his life, all because he needed a bit of danger, a bit of drama.
“It’s obvious you didn’t stay at your Taipei apartment last night. You’re not a morning person, and there’s no way you would have made it here in time. Amy lives just one MRT stop from this station. Your clothes are not yours- neither the style nor the size is correct. The way you’re leaning your body weight to the left side suggests that you spent the night lying on your right, your arm likely underneath another person. You usually sleep on your left side, so your sleep was agitated.”
“煩白眼 (Fan bai yan),” she muttered under her breath as she resisted the urge to actually roll her eyes. After a few years of working with M, she wasn’t fazed by their methods, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t annoyed by them. She begrudgingly deleted M’s texts, but now her interest in this Sherlock character was piqued.
“Good,” Sherlock breathed, only capable of one syllable words at the moment. He closed his eyes, tracking sensations as the ability to do so slowly came back to him. John’s fingers in his hair. John’s duvet underneath him. John’s hip pressed into his side, his leg thrown over Sherlock’s.
“And I want it.” She thumbs at her necklace nervously. “It’s where Harry and I lived for years. I’ve been renting a dingy flat for years now, and Harry’s place is sentimental. I feel...safe there.” She pauses, evaluating John and Sherlock’s expressions. She anxiously chews on her plump bottom lip. When she finds nothing shocking, she continues, “John, I know it’s a lot to ask. But Mycroft said you might be amenable, and he offered to make it so-”
“I do appreciate it, you know. Your, concern.” John reaches across the seat to rest his hand on top of Sherlock’s, softly rubbing his thumb across the smooth skin over Sherlock’s knuckles. Sherlock looks down at John’s sturdy, tanned hand over his and blinks, but doesn’t make an attempt to move it. John looks back out the window, and doesn’t let go. This is how they are, now.
“Fuck off!” he yells across the street to the couple. They give him a dirty look and start walking faster down the pavement.
Thirty (five) minutes later, they stomped up the stairs to 221B, not wanting to see anything they might have interrupted earlier.
Sherlock obliged with a quirk of his lips. John let out an involuntary whine as fingers left his cock, but it was worth it for this gratifying view of Sherlock’s arse. He ran his hands over the skin there, appreciating the smooth curve into the muscles of his lower back. Just the thought of sinking his fingers,
John. He needed to call John. It was a Wednesday, so John was at the surgery, probably dealing with an influx of flu patients. Text? No, it was 12:30- he’d be on his lunch. He could call. It was urgent enough to call. But…
“I see you worked it out, then,” she said with a hint of sadness. “Amy and I are done. Staying over was just…”
“John,” Sherlock breathes, closing his eyes. It’s chastising, and encouraging, and reverential all at once. John pulls his hips so they’re flush with his own. And
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but smiled in spite of himself. “Your reptilian brain is truly astounding.” He huffed, undoubtedly trying to cover up his rather adorable blush.
Hotel lobbies at three in the morning tended to take on an otherworldly quality; footsteps echoed and the vending machine hummed too loudly, the ever-present outside lighting pretended not to notice the complete darkness surrounding it, and hypnotic nature programmes looped endlessly on the telly. Tonight, the empty expanse of the Crown’s was no exception.
John swallowed heavily, and Sherlock echoed the motion. He hung on every blink and twitch of John’s brow.
He leaned in and bumped her on the shoulder. “What are you going to do about that?” he whispered, tilting his nose in Amy’s direction.
“Hardly.” Sherlock pushed a full plate topped with what looked like smoked bacon, Manx pudd, eggs, and a grilled tomato towards him. “I was here early; I took the liberty of ordering for you.” He placed a steaming cup of tea into John’s hand, Sherlock’s fingers brushing his own, and John knew the rush of warmth to his cheeks wasn’t only from the tea.
She wasn’t one to trust in the stars, but the rightness of today could make her believe in fate (well, aside from the arrest and the quick switch of caterer to the pizza place down the street. But not
ABBA has been releasing new music and I am wayyyy too excited for the full album. As always, you can find me on tumblr @disfictional!
“Not going to leave this one early, then, are you?” John whispered, his hands linked behind Sherlock’s neck as they swayed to the band’s slow cover of Franki Valli’s “I Love You Baby.” The evening had pressed on, and the skies outside the huge, windowed walls of the reception hall were splashed with stars. The music had shifted from light dinner tunes to pop hits to dance floor classics, and finally to slow, sultry ballads designed to pair people off by the end of the night.
She tipped her head back in laughter, her grey hair messing even further, sweaty from dancing. She looked her age, but there was a natural youthful spirit about her that John decidedly lacked. “Well, would you imagine that: a man with five bloody names in this family. How did Johnny manage that?”
He offered to take Elaine and Yasmin’s luggage up to their rooms out of pure selfish interest. “What were those looks about, then?” he asked when they were in the lift. “When I mentioned my wedding.”
He gave into the want, stroking away the tension from the last day- the plane ride, John’s jealous outburst, his unreadable looks.
But with John’s head resting on his shoulder, and his own fingers softly stroking his stomach, he could pretend this was normal.
He woke in a dark room next to a heap of cleaning supplies and forgotten museum labels with no concept of how much time had passed. His mind was foggy, and it took him opening and closing his eyes a few times before realizing he was actually awake, in the broom closet in Iris Lyu’s office, his hands and ankles tied with rope. His temple was throbbing, and upon touching it, he felt the beginnings of a bruise. When he pulled his hand away, bright red dots of blood coated his index and middle fingers. Iris and the guard must have thrown him in the closet headfirst. Idiots. The area around his acromioclavicular joint vaguely ached where the security guard had shot him with the tranquilizer. There were muffled voices outside, one of them John’s.
Sherlock wasn’t sure if it was the false confidence of the imitation tea, or the excitement of being so few words away from solving the John Watson Question, or the mere impatience after years of wanting, but he stood, coming into the space between John’s legs, resting his hands atop John’s well-worn jeans on his thighs. And when John looked up to meet his gaze, he finally,
“Joking, Sherlock.” She looked around at the odd collection of guests milling about and ordering food, now that the two guests of honor had arrived. “I just can’t believe all
A sleek black car pulled up to the curb outside his flat just as the rain started to pour. He gathered his things, prepared a very eager Earl for their adventure, put on his jacket, and scanned his flat, as if he’d be returning as a different man. Part of him hoped that he would. Part of him wished he wouldn’t have to return to this flat-- he still had that deep craving for life as it was in 221B, though, he knew that life was no longer his. Part of him didn’t want to leave at all, for fear of what- or who- he would find at the other end. Sherlock scared him. He always had. But looking out the window at the grey clouds and rain pounding onto the pavement, John realized, it wasn’t Sherlock that had scared him. It was their mutual ability to destroy each other.
Sherlock sat up, resting his weight on his elbow. “Just being polite. I may still decide not to attend.”
Rosie smiled, turning around on the stool to meet him face-on. “You don’t look half-bad yourself, Dad,” she winked.
“Dad!” Rosie’s voice was breathy and panicked. He could hear machines and monitors in the background, and his pulse quickened. “It’s Stella. She collapsed at the club. We’re in an ambulance now on the way to Noble’s.”
“Rosie, hand me to a paramedic, now,” demanded Sherlock, and his urgent tone tempered John’s annoyance. Slightly.
She slumped back into the chair next to Dad’s. “I don’t want you tobelonely,” she mumbled, not quite able to look him in the eye.
Despite John’s reality-altering confession just moments ago, John’s softness with Xiaowen made something pull in his chest. She nodded and efficiently secured the guard’s hands behind his back.
Sherlock stared at the place where their fingers touched, the corners of his mouth moving upward. His other hand came to John’s wrist, two fingers stretching over his radial artery. John could hear his own racing thrum banging onto the pads of Sherlock’s fingers. He was taking his pulse.
John swallowed. The lump in his throat loosened. He stepped closer, placing his hands on Sherlock’s waist, curling his fingers in the thick fibres of his jumper. Sherlock leaned into the touch. “I can’t do another five years without you, Sherlock.”
John takes Rosie from her cot upstairs, changes her nappy, and dresses both of them. He prepares sliced bananas and small pieces of peanut butter toast for her breakfast. When she’s finished and fussing, John gives her the pop-up book she loves to play with, hoping it can buy them some uninterrupted time. He, Clara, and Sherlock sip on tea and munch on chocolate croissants.
“Morning,” he greeted, as if they hadn’t run into each other in the hotel lobby just a few short hours ago.
Our Sherlock marched right down the wedding aisle, and all heads turned to him as if he was the bloody bride. He stopped at the first row, where Jacqueline was standing off to the side. “Lestrade, arrest this woman,” he commanded, grabbing her forcefully by the shoulders. The scruffy man pulled out a pair of handcuffs. She heard several gasps from the audience, one of them her own.
kill him,” Sherlock corrected. “Flatlined.” Dad shot him a fiery look for interrupting their moment, but it lacked any real ire.
“You should go see him,” she urged, patting him on the shoulder encouragingly. He looked around at the dispersing guests, ready to protest, but Rosie stopped him. “There’s an ongoing investigation into the place I’m supposed to get married tomorrow. He’ll want your help. I want you to help.”
people got to witness the payoff to all your hopeless pining when I’ve been the one dealing with it for so long.”
Rosie didn’t answer as she pulled into the parking lot of the Crown Hotel and turned off the ignition, the air going still in the car. Stella looked at her expectantly, her nose wrinkling in a small tell of worry.
Sherlock pulled back the foreskin, wrapped his mouth around the head of John’s cock and sucked. Every one of his nerve endings was singing with the sensation, and John lost his train of thought completely.
You ok, mate? Saw the video on Twitter. About time, really. Bloody awful circumstances, though. Sorry to hear about your sister.
John’s soft mumbling was a wool blanket, not thrown atop him but woven into his very skin. Warmth emanated from deep within Sherlock’s body, but John was the source.
“Obviously. The toxicology report showed abnormalities, and I needed to run an ASB test to confirm my theory.” He was already up and out of his seat, throwing on his Belstaff and walking out the doors. John jogged to follow.
“So, John.” Sherlock lowered his voice and glanced around the room, as if scanning for paparazzi or spies or the like. John’s pulse quickened. “What do you know about Stella’s background?” Right. The case. That’s why he agreed to this meeting. He wanted to help. Quite badly, in fact.
“You’re Sherlock Holmes,” the flight attendant whispered, handing their drinks over. John didn’t hesitate bringing the plastic cup to his lips.
He gestured for Sherlock to join him, taking a sip of a dark, red wine. It left a stain on his top lip, and John tried to lick it away. Sherlock sank into the soft leather next to him. This John, unlike the original, moved closer, sliding a hand over Sherlock’s. He stared at it in perplexity.
?” He was close enough to Sherlock with the microphone for this news to be shared with the audience, and everyone was looking around, their eyes asking whether or not they should leave.
A bead of precome leaked from the tip, and Sherlock licked it clean before it could drip, wanting to taste it straight from the source. It wasn’t delicious by any means, but the fact that it was John’s arousal, distilled into a viscous substance available for his consumption, went straight to his head, making him dizzy.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “I am informing my contacts with the R.O.C. government. You are free to go when they arrive. I need to talk to Ms. Chen.”
She glances between them, recognition dancing in her eyes before her features sink in sympathy. “John, I’m so sorry. She’s dead.”
John needed to change the subject before this became too revealing. “It’s good to see you too, Molly,” he said with a bit of cheek. He knew she’d been avoiding him; Greg had told him so just yesterday morning at breakfast. “When did you get here?”
but the only verbalizations he could manage with John’s hand around his cock were strings of unintelligible noises.
The two of them had done a first dance, but with John’s lack of practice in the last twenty years, it was something of a disaster. Despite their terrible showing, Sherlock basked in the feeling of swaying with John (however rhythm impaired) to the music, his arm draped around John’s shoulders, reclaiming their dance practices from years ago behind closed doors. John tripped over his own feet, Sherlock rolled his eyes, and it was lovely. But he’d much rather make up for lost time with his husband than repeat the public scrutiny dancing affair.
“I won’t beg. You have some time to think about it, but not much. Mycroft needs an answer by tonight,” he said, all business. Maybe if John saw this as more professional than personal, he could justify it. John nodded once, stiffly, reaching down to pick up Rosie. He hadn’t even taken off his jacket or shoes upon arrival, so he was ready to escape. Sherlock’s chest ached a little at the sight.
Sherlock indulges her with a bit of buzzing, and John catches the end of it with a quick kiss. “Zzzzzzmm.”
from Stella: “I’m not entirely sure how the events of the last 24 hours transpired, but I’m glad to be here. Congratulations to the happy couple. Thank you for saving my life.”
John got to work lighting a fire in the sitting room fireplace. It was his routine; he was comfortable in the tacit knowledge of the process, handling the pieces of firewood with ease and familiarity. This was his life, and it was rather unbelievable that Sherlock was suddenly, once again, a part of it in a major way. He sank into the leather sectional like he’d always belonged there, laying out long, unabashedly watching John’s hands work with competence, thinking about the way they were going to handle his body. His erection had faded from their tryst outside between using the loo to wash up and getting the quick tour, but he could feel himself getting hard again, seeing John’s fingers trace down the wood and expertly set the kindling before rubbing the head of the match down the side of the matchbox to catch a flame.
“Hang on,” Sherlock walked to the kitchen and shuffled around in the cabinet for a minute before pulling out a dog bowl, easily flipping it in the air, and handing it to John. He was about to ask why Sherlock had one of these, when he read the name on the front.
yes, please. Please, Sherlock.” The sound of John’s voice thick with arousal was sending Sherlock into a sort of frenzy. The sudden drive to record the smells and tastes of John’s cock was overwhelming, damn the preordained order of things.
Oh, he did. “I found Dad’s old journal from when he first moved out to Manx with me, twenty years ago,” said Rosie, taking her hand from Stella’s to gesture dramatically to the glove compartment. “Apparently it was an assignment from his therapist.” Dad would have fallen over if he knew she was telling her friends about his therapy attendance, but he was old-fashioned like that. Therapy had been helpful (and necessary) for both of them, more so than Dad probably believed. Stella’s eyes widened as she opened the glove box to pull out the leather-bound book stuffed with folded paper.
going to think about where Sherlock was going to find said lube. The likelihood that he would even find any in this house was incredibly low, and at this point, John was willing to improvise. He’d used yogurt in the army, once. He was not above that.
“We’re getting married tomorrow!” Stella laughed, pulling a grey jumper (London sidewalks) over her bra, despite Rosie’s efforts to keep the clothing item in Stella’s suitcase. “I expect we’ll be seeing enough of each other for
She pulled away. “Safe travels,” she said, steeling herself to approach Amy across the room. “Wish me luck, here, guys.”
It wasn’t the Dr. Watson she knew. Rosie had a feeling that they all knew a different man than the one who solved crimes with his flatmate in London and blogged about them for the world to see. She explained that at first glance, the journal was rather innocuous, but in the last few pages, there were notes all along the margins in her dad’s familiar scrawl.
“You’re getting married tomorrow. You need to sleep,” he said, needing to cut this line of conversation immediately before he said something he would regret. He sounded dreadfully like his mother.
John had no visible reaction, resolute in his rejection. “No, you don’t.” Sherlock looked away sharply, unable to face a John that was convinced this was the truth.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. “Oh, I think you’d be surprised.” John wants to push back on Sherlock on that one, but he doesn’t get the chance.
Sherlock took her hand almost tenderly. “I suppose, technically, we haven’t. Not in your memory,” he said, his voice smooth and deep. She hadn’t imagined he would talk like that, with a rich baritone rumble. In her head, the imaginary Sherlock’s tone had been scrappier. But she liked his real voice. It was oddly comforting. “Sherlock Holmes.”
As if she saw the thought cross Sherlock’s face, Watson ran a frustrated hand through her fine blonde hair, which had gone from perfectly curled back to frizzy during the course of the evening. “But you’re going to miss the last dance.”
Sherlock was too distracted by the deductions popping up in his head about her desk job, possibly in the art world, her dual residency in the UK and Taiwan, and her pet corgi to respond. Her face was starting to drop disappointedly when John intervened, “Er, thanks. Enjoy the rest of your flight. Breakfast should be coming shortly.” It was dismissive but not rude- John could be
With his left hand, Sherlock grabbed at John’s hips and pulled him closer as he thrust his own hips to meet them. John lifted an arm to cup Sherlock’s neck, encouraging this. It seemed John was interested in the proceedings, as well.
He desperately wanted it to be Sherlock, but latching on to that thought was dangerous and clouded by a combination of nostalgia and a deeply seated desire to believe that Sherlock wanted him. To be his friend again. Of course, it could be Mary- Moriarty-  anyone trying to get to him using his deepest pressure point. John had learned too much from being married to an undercover assassin with a target on her back to take any messages at face value.
Right! Sherlock. Sherlock was here, on the Isle of Man. In his bedroom, in bed with him. He couldn’t help but let out a satisfied hum at the unbelievable luck that had gotten him into this new arrangement. John stretched leisurely, taking in the sight of Sherlock’s long, lean body wrapped in his sheets (most of the sheets, actually- the bastard had pulled them off of John’s chest during the night) and smiled.
The directness startled him. Molly had never been a wilting flower, but now? She was a fully bloomed rose with a few Sherlock-aimed thorns. It was entertaining to watch them interact after twenty years of friendship without John’s divisive presence looming over them. Sherlock and Molly were proper friends, now, without the semblance of a power imbalance that had existed before, when Molly was head over heels.
“Sherlock,” he greeted, his voice far more even than Sherlock’s own, holding out a hand in greeting. Disappointingly, uncomfortably formal. Sherlock took it.
Sherlock smirks and helps him up. John wraps his arms around Sherlock under his dressing gown and leans his head against the man’s chest. John feels his heart beat quicken. “You’re going to be the death of me, Sherlock.”
He nearly laughed upon stepping inside. Aside from the sheer amount of space, it transported Sherlock directly to John’s bedroom at 221B. He still had the same trunk in the corner, the same dim desk lamp on the nightstand, the same tedious and inefficient way his shoes were lined up in the closet. Similar smells, too: pine, musky deodorant, John’s lavender washing powder. There wasn’t much on the walls aside from a few pictures of him and Watson.
John’s sturdy hands found Sherlock’s hips underneath his coat, pressing him back into the smooth, cold metal of the Vauxhall, guiding him down so their hips aligned, and then- oh,
He stands and strides over to the doctor, whose face betrays nothing (as far as John can tell; Sherlock would probably disagree). “Hi, yeah, I’m John, Harry Watson’s brother. How is she?”
As the receptionist handed Sherlock their (very separate) keys, John reveled at the lobby. “This place is insane,” he said, his mouth agape at the grand piano automatically playing Auld Lang Syne in front of the marble fountain. “Mycroft must have spent a pretty penny.”
Rosie had driven her to the Crown hotel from hospital that morning, asking about a hundred times whether Stella felt well and recovered enough for the wedding after the previous night’s scare.
John ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair, straightening the frustrated pieces over his forehead, careful not to disturb the bandage. He looked like he was about to say something, ask something, but he was interrupted by what sounded like a detonation of 16,000 explosives.
at Dad. And Rosie had to do a double-take, but Dad smiled like a besotted schoolgirl. The two of them were unbearable.
“You were married to a Watson. You know they tend to romanticize things a bit,” Sherlock shoots a challenging look at John, who only runs his tongue over his bottom lip in response.
Stella’s mouth hung open in shock, but then it was on hers, sucking on her bottom lip, her hands coming up to cup Rosie’s face.
Sherlock, the bastard, rolled his eyes. “John, if you think I’ve spent the last ten years doing anything but thinking about how to get you undressed and indecent again, you are grossly mistaken. If you don’t, as you so romantically put it, ‘shag my bloody brains out’ before the sun rises, I may have no choice but to file an annulment.”
“You fell asleep,” John said, incredulous. His hair was a mess, bending against his usual part and sticking up in places it shouldn’t. Sherlock ached to run his fingers through it, to mess it up even further. But- oh. Yes. That’s how it got that way.
Rosie chewed at her thumbnail. Inviting Sherlock Holmes to her wedding under false pretenses was ethically questionable, to say the least. To her knowledge, he and Dad hadn’t spoken since she was a toddler, since they moved out to Manx. There was certainly unfinished business there, with the way Dad talked about the detective, as if he was a hero in an Ancient Greek play. Rosie had loved growing up here, loved her life, her family of two, their role in the small, friendly Manx community- the doctor from London and his musical daughter. But Rosie longed to know the man who had such a profound effect on her early life.
“The man doesn’t know what’s real and what’s not. We can’t have any potential risks on this mission. And I believe John Watson is a personal risk to your own-”
Mary nearly killed him, and Sherlock left him. He didn’t want pity. He wanted his old life back, before everything went sour.  Before he resorted to crossword puzzles to keep him entertained.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, his hand resting so lightly on John’s shoulder that John could have imagined it. It was the first time Sherlock had touched him in so long, and it calmed him. John desperately wanted Sherlock to wrap his arms firmly around his own waist and rest his head against John’s shoulder, but obviously, that didn’t come. “Let’s go inside. I’ll put the kettle on.”
He turned away from the door, sitting in the dark for several moments, just soaking in the shock of it. He stopped trying to escape from his restraints.
In his own room, Sherlock was laid out on the bed, trying and failing to focus on the case of Stella Moran. The leaky tap was stirring whirlpools in his concentration. It didn’t help that Watson’s words in the lobby kept replaying themselves over again.
Stella planted a kiss on her nose. “I missed you, too. All I want to do is stay in this bed, with you.” She cupped Rosie’s cheek. Rosie leaned into it, pressing her lips to Stella’s fingers. “But I can’t. My mum got here yesterday and I’m supposed to have lunch with her. I’d say you should come, but...she told me she wants some one-on-one time.”
Sherlock ached for all the lost time. The missed connections. But he wasn’t ready then. He had been a different man. They had both been different men, then.
She and Stella settled in and unpacked their suitcases while Dad and Sherlock cooked, filling the flat with the scent of basil, oregano, and thyme. Italian spices; must be pasta. Dad was no cook, but the things he did know how to make, he made remarkably well. He was a man of routine.
He stood and walked around the island, meeting Sherlock on the other side. Sherlock stayed still, but his eyes followed John’s every move. “How, exactly, will this work? Do you want to meet up for coffee in London?”
John wanted to wipe the smirk off his face, so he straddled Sherlock’s hips and pressed his weight into him.
“The other night, when I fucked you for the first time, that was like a hundred of my wank fantasies coming true. You’re so gorgeous.”
He suspiciously surveyed the meal. “Is this some kind of apology? Experiment?” He curled his mouth into a smirk and held Sherlock’s eyes with his own. “Poison?” A certain incident involving sugar in John’s coffee in Dartmoor flickered in his mind’s eye.
. Sherlock. He’s in Sherlock’s bed, half-nude, wrapped around his lean, warm body. Yesterday afternoon and last night are hazy in his memory. The only proof John has that he hadn’t dreamt it all is the sleepy detective in his arms.
Might as well follow suit. “Wine. White,” Sherlock ordered for himself. He saw the flash of recognition in the flight attendant’s eyes and quietly hoped he wouldn’t say anything. It would only irk John further to remind him what they were to each other- an inseparable duo in the public eye (entirely
“Do it, John,” Sherlock pleaded, and John obliged. With a bit of maneuvering, Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s hips, and John- as slowly and carefully as he could manage- pushed inside.
But the rightness of it was also terrifying. This case, this trip, had to go perfectly. His friendship with John teetered on it. His brain teemed with ideas of how he could make their time in Taiwan edgier, riskier, more interesting for John without forcing him make the (wrong) conclusion that it was no longer responsible for him to be living this lifestyle. Sherlock had seen the thought cross John’s face 216 times, and each one of them dug a little deeper. It was the most prominent reason for why John hadn’t moved back into 221B, the invisible rope that kept John at arm’s length, tethered to his abysmal flat.
John gestured for Sherlock to sit next to him on the bed. He let go of John hesitantly, but he knew John would want to do this in his own way, so he sank into the duvet next to John. “I didn’t know you were awake,” John said, “when I said it. I thought you would still be out. Xiaowen said-”
A sound came out of John that could have been a squeal, or a yelp, or a loud chuckle, and it quickly devolved into giggling. Sherlock smiled, a genuine, eye-lit smile, and joined in.
No answer. She glanced around for onlookers to her impromptu happy birthday concert, feeling silly, now. Stella had her coat zipped up to the neck, a black beanie pulled down to her ears- incognito. She was not one for Public Displays of Singing.
Sherlock let out an exasperated puff. “I’m working with limited resources. Do you think anyone would be after Stella? Or, by extension,” he paused, “Rosie?”
Sherlock poured the milk, making the teacup’s contents look even more like John’s jumpers. “You expect me to leave my flat for tea leaves that may be absolutely mundane? To leave the
John exhaled a disbelieving chuckle, but he was clearly comforted by the knowledge that Sherlock wanted this. “Right.”
“You’re mad,” John muttered, his pulse still rapid and breathing labored. John turned over to kiss him, slow and lazy. “I love you.”
Sherlock showed him up the stairs and down a hallway with Sherlock’s bedroom and a study off to the right. John couldn’t help but notice the crossword puzzle easel board inside the study, among familiar test tubes, Sherlock’s microscope, and various papers strewn across a dark wooden desk. Sherlock hurried him along to the loo, which could have been pulled right from a catalogue. Black and white vintage tile led to a luxurious clawfoot tub. John’s muscles relaxed just looking at it.
Sherlock couldn’t resist. He carefully slid his left hand behind John’s nape and onto his scalp, massaging gently, imitating the way John occasionally scratched his head. Sherlock had done this before, in John’s unknowing sleep. But this time was more intimate, having confirmed verbal proof that he was permeating John’s subconscious.
John couldn’t bear to sit and pretend like his worldview hadn’t just been shaken in a snowglobe. “I just- I need a moment.”
What little restraint John had shown since he first saw Sherlock yesterday had dissipated in light of Stella’s incident. Rosie had been a complete wreck upon seeing her in hospital, absolutely beside herself with fear and then relief knowing Stella would recover. And it should have been simple to work out years ago, but seeing Rosie like that, suddenly he knew. The only two people he could ever feel that much for were Rosie and Sherlock.
John devoured plate after plate of pork fried rice as Sherlock rambled to him in Chinese about the geography of Taiwan and injuries and tea. Soo-Lin pulled up a chair, occasionally correcting Sherlock on his pronunciation and responding in kind. He had mostly heard her speak Cantonese in the short period he had known her, but being involved in the Black Lotus, she also spoke Mandarin and was familiar with traditional characters. A perfect Mind Palace mentor, really.
It was a little warmer than usual for mid-September, and sweat was pooling on John’s forehead by the time he was unclipping Earl from her harness and refilling her water bowl. When he finally sat down with his crossword and Chinese leftovers from the night before, Earl resting dutifully by his feet, it was a welcome return to his Sunday routine.
Sherlock smirks and goes back to his little performance for Rosie, sneaking appreciative glances at John in between bites.
“Oh, yeah, he’s clearly trying to put you off with all these texts,” she said, making a grab for Dad’s mobile. His reflexes were instinctually good, however, and he pulled it away before she could steal it.
John eyed at the difference in the scribbled numbers on the paper key holders they were each holding. “Two rooms?” John asked, and the undertone of disappointment Sherlock undoubtedly heard was like turning a knife in the wound.
“Easy to solve, not as easy to catch. Boring. But tiring,” Sherlock said, yawning. He didn’t particularly care to get into the details at the moment. They were boring. Much less exciting than the sensations happening in his soles.
John wiped his hands together, pleased with the final product. He studied Sherlock for a moment, sweeping up his body from his feet to his face, their eyes meeting there. John’s lids were heavy, his gaze intense. “It should be illegal,” he said, his voice low and measured, and Sherlock cocked his head, “to look the way you do right now, laid out on the sofa like that.”
“Rosie’s not the type to make enemies. You would know, you’ve met her.” John took another bite. “And Stella...I can’t say I know her well. I know her father died when she was young- he was some sort of posh diplomat. The girl comes from serious money.”
Sherlock swallowed to combat the dryness of his mouth, but words were still difficult. “The truth tea.” The imitation tea seemed to lighten in his own pocket, now that he knew it wasn’t the real thing. “So. In fact. You didn’t…”
A sigh of relief from Watson. “Goodnight, Sherlock. Sorry, they’re right. It’s been a long night. But. Thank you.”
Xiaowen had unexpectedly come to meet the two of them at the MRT station where they would take a train to the airport.
He came to a few moments later, stuck with sweat to Sherlock’s back, completely blissed out. “Bloody hell.”
Back at the grand opening of the Imperial Porcelain exhibit, John, Xiaowen, and Sherlock stared at an intricate floral porcelain teapot. Sherlock had done a shoddy job of patching up the cut on his forehead with a first aid kit in the bathroom, and he caught a glimpse of his disheveled reflection in the glass case.
The moment their fingers touched, however, the energy charged. It was as if he held a fragile piece of himself exposed that would cause his entire system to crash if he let go. John leaned in. He seemed to feel it, too.
Sherlock let out a shuddery exhale. “I love you too, John.” He’d said the words only once today, during the impromptu speeches, but somehow, the words were weightier in private.
“John. I haven’t touched the stuff in years. Didn’t work out so well last time,” Sherlock gave John a meaningful look. “Moving out of London has helped. My brain doesn’t need to work so fast here.”
John chuckled, a high, nervous thing. Sherlock had no clue how often John had stayed awake through long nights, imagining exactly all the places Sherlock could put that mouth. “A few, yeah.”
to be John. How could he have missed the signs? She was Mary’s daughter, after all. He should have considered that she might be better at pulling off a trick than John.
At that, John had to keep his knees from buckling and voice from cracking. “God, yes, but if you keep talking like that, it’s going to be over a lot quicker.”
“John, I,” he started, but was cut off by a sharp wave of pleasure as John slid his hand under Sherlock’s trousers to take his erection in hand.
Elaine’s face lit up in the rearview mirror, wordlessly urging Stella to open it. Stella tensed. “Are you sure about this, Rosie? This is John’s private stuff. It was packed away for a reason.” Stella only called Dad by his first name when she disagreed with what Rosie was saying about him. This time was no different.
Rosie pulled back, letting John and Sherlock breathe. Stella was shyly holding back a giggle at the absurdity of her partner and her new family. “Really?”
at the edges. Sherlock moved his hands to cup John’s face, his thumb smearing a dab of wetness across John’s cheek.
“Why not?” John asked, his tone dangerously close to exasperation. After weeks of rehearsals and screechy at-home practices, Rosie was going to perform in that bloody concert if it meant carrying her on stage.
But upon checking into the elaborately decorated lobby for New Year’s, he discovered that Mycroft had booked two separate rooms. However passive aggressive a move on Mycroft’s part, it quieted his anxiety about revealing the source of his foul mood to John while confined in a small space together. He had come too close in the cab.
One night, Sherlock wandered up the stairs of 221B, totally spent. He had just solved a robbery involving a particularly high-speed running chase through London, and he was not as agile as he used to be. His feet were sore.
Running his fingers down the textured, worn pages of his journal, thick with paper cutouts, John mourned for all the time he’d loved Sherlock without doing anything but write about him. These were his love letters to the man- his infatuation, then his devotion, then his love, then his loss- crystallized. He put Sherlock into every word he wrote. Wasn’t that love?
John was getting used to the new relaxed openness about Sherlock, and he hadn’t expected him to be so...forthright. “Jesus,” John panted, feeling the blood rush to his groin. “I meant ‘Kiss me,’ genius, but the other offer also sounds...tempting.”
Dad smiled. “Christ. Get me far, far away from that madness,” he said, his eyes twinkling in the glow of the candles on the table. “Best alert the authorities.”
“He went to prison for life when Stella was only two, so she has no memory of him,” Mrs. Liu said, addressing the audience and decidedly avoiding eye contact with her daughter. “I was pregnant with Andrew at the time.” Andrew, the best man, looked equally as wrecked. “I decided it was best to protect my children from my own mistakes, and told them from a young age that their father was dead. To me, he is. I condemn my ex-husband’s actions, and had no part in them.”
“That was brilliant. Heartbreaking, but absolutely brilliant.” He wiped at his embarrassingly damp eyes with the heels of his palms. “Thank you.”
Stella laughed loudly (by Stella’s standards) at something Yasmin said, holding her glass in a toast, and turned to Rosie. “Don’t worry. I only wanted to try a few sips--you know how much I love a good red.” Rosie kissed her and held up her own Moscow mule. She couldn’t resist wrapping an arm around her fiancée. Despite the bumps in the day, all felt right in Rosie’s world.
“Xiaowen, this is...this is incredible. It’s a triumph of science,” Sherlock gushed, and he felt a bit embarrassed. He literally couldn’t stop himself.
He strides into the kitchen to find his phone on the counter, next to his barely touched cup of tea. He opens it to check the time, just after midnight, but he’s got tons of messages and missed calls, absolutely none of which he wants to deal with right now.
Sherlock’s voice pulled John’s focus away from the patterns on the wooden beams on the ceiling. He turned to look at his husband, and was struck by the raw emotion in his face.
John nodded. “Good to hear.” Jacqueline’s perky facade dropped a bit as he went back to cutting ribbons, ignoring her. It wasn’t until Rosie, Stella, and their friends marched into the event hall like a flock of noisy gulls that John looked up again. He hadn’t expected them so early, and he nearly dropped his scissors.
Xiaowen swallowed. “I’m going to end things with her. Obviously,” she said, though there was an undertone of insecurity. It bothered him. He’d end things on Xiaowen’s behalf right now if he could.
A killer? It sounded like a movie her and Jamie had watched secretly at a slumber party last month. “Who?”
Of course, Molly was curious about what she had seen that night. But she needed to be careful with her words. She had known John to be a very defensive man.
Feeling smug enough to let the conversation dissipate, Sherlock finished his tea and decided a Mandarin Chinese refresher in his Mind Palace would be useful for the upcoming trip.
Watson saw the suggestive way Sherlock was leaning on the desk and raised a brow. “Careful, Holmes. My dad wouldn’t like to see you pull at my wedding,” said Rosie. The exhaustion in her voice overpowered what he guessed was supposed to be humor. Sherlock didn’t find it particularly funny. He was
He pulled away, taking Sherlock’s hand and leading him, surprisingly pliant, to the edge of the hall, through straggling guests and a maze of messy tables.
Even Sherlock paused his ridiculously long strides down the hospital corridor to listen in. “Rosie?” he answered, trying and failing to keep his anxiety out of his voice.
“You alright?” John asked her, and there was a single syllable response Sherlock didn’t catch. Xiaowen assured John that Iris would be passed out for about an hour, and he nodded. It took a few tense minutes of the security guard glancing nervously between Iris’s unmoving figure, John, and the door, but the rope was ultimately severed and John stood to his full height.
God, this felt good, lying down. It was more indulgent, more intimate. How had he never kissed this man lying down? He’d missed out on years of this for reasons so inconsequential he couldn’t even remember them at the moment.
“Come on, then! Let’s solve a case, John and Sherlock Holmes,” she invited, gesturing to her dark green Honda Civic 2008.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. John could see his brain working, fusing wires of information together like an unmatched welder. It was mesmerizing.
John’s breath on his neck felt shockingly real. He swallowed. Focus. What was John’s game here? “You’re being ridiculous, you know.”
John Watson took a long, scalding sip of his earl grey, closing his eyes. He slid his hand across the thick newspaper to flatten it. The graininess of the paper felt soothing on his skin, the black pen smooth between his fingers. He looked forward to Sundays, when he could sit down with the Times crossword. He had never been one for puzzles before-- not written ones, anyway-- but in his climbing years, John found the grids to be small sources of unexpected joy. Completing a crossword puzzle felt like solving a mystery, without the melodrama (
Mycroft made a sound that might have been a chuckle. It sounded like a hissing weasel. “Yes, you are,” said the weasel.
, apparently. He hadn’t realized curly hair came with a set of entirely different challenges. John hated the idea of wasting thirty quid on a trim for a girl who’d grow it back in a few weeks, so he’d always cut Rosie’s hair himself. His surgeon’s hands made quick work of it. But she was starting to come into her own sense of dressing herself, and Rosie wanted a
“Christ, don’t you?” John asks, rolling Sherlock’s trousers up so he can move his fingers to Sherlock’s calves. Irene’s (Moriarty’s?) “The Virgin” nickname flashes in his memory, but surely, things have changed since then?
“This morning, John reminded me of the first case we solved together after my return to London: that of Lord Moran’s bomb under parliament. Many of you will remember that Moran had planned an attack on London on Guy Fawkes Day years ago. An unsuccessful one, thanks to John, myself, and one other key person.”
“Yes,” John confirmed, and he looked pained. “Sherlock, when I opened that closet door and saw you passed out like that, the cut on your forehead...I wanted to kill whoever put you there.”
John tugged him down for another kiss, and Sherlock let himself be pulled in by it. John kissed exactly how he’d remembered, with gentle conviction. He theorised that he could occupy himself with John’s lips indefinitely if he had access to an IV drip.
John feels a surge of arousal from deep in his stomach, and that’s all it takes to increase the intensity between them. John places a pillow underneath Sherlock’s hips, and John reaches for the condoms and lube, but Sherlock stops him.
“The arsenic was in the complimentary water bottle,” Sherlock declared, rolling his eyes at the blank stares from his audience. “Jacqueline, here, cut off the water to Watson and Stella’s room in hopes that Stella would drink it. Quite sloppy, Ms. Mann.” He shook his head disapprovingly. “Not how I’d have done it.”
. Fringe. Rosie had shown him pictures of some child TikTok star for reference. He’d attempted to replicate the style with monstrous results.
Sherlock crossed the threshold, waving a small, clear bottle, successful. “Don’t worry John, I didn’t disturb-”
That afternoon, John collects more things from his other flat. Then, he and Sherlock make a pointed phone call to an Anita Stimson.
“It’s lovely here,” John said, relaxingly holding on to Earl’s leash in one hand, and Sherlock’s in the other.
John blushed. Staring up at the man he’d loved for thirty years who’d just agreed to marry him, John decided it really, really was.
” Sherlock groaned, ignoring John. Twenty years ago, John might’ve stood up out of his chair and wrestled Sherlock to the ground for the dig, but time had lessened the wound of the bad times with Sherlock, and his failed marriage with Mary. Time and Rosie. And age-- he’d probably embarrass himself in a physical fight with Sherlock, these days. Age hadn’t been as unkind to Sherlock as it had to John, who felt withered and numbed by the passage of time. Sherlock’s age showed in lines and greying hairs and weaker knees, but he still possessed a vitality, an aliveness about him John ached for.
As always, you can find me on tumblr @disfictional! Comments and other fic recs are much appreciated.
“Watson?” a doctor calls out to the waiting room, holding a clipboard. John, Clara, and Sherlock perk up. John stiffens, having momentarily forgotten the rather morbid reason why the three of them are gathered in the A&E lobby.
Sherlock kissed him, and John could feel the intensity of it course through his body. He gave in completely. Lips gave way to tongue and teeth and Sherlock’s hands running up John’s torso and John’s hands in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock fumbled with the buttons on John’s shirt and kissed the revealed skin there. “I love you so much, John,” he whispered against John’s chest, which swelled at the words.
It’s half-five by the time John stumbles into Baker Street, soaking from the London rain, lugging a large box of his and Rosie’s stuff at his side. Rosie’s also wet, and crying. Once he sets the box down unceremoniously, he tries cooing and rocking to quiet her, but no luck. Sherlock bounds down the stairs, fully dressed in grey trousers and a light blue top. It’s a relief not to see him in black.
from Sherlock: “I gave a speech at a wedding years ago for John, and though we may have been slow on the uptake, the sentiment remains the same. I love you, John Watson, and the very knowledge that I’ll be able to live the rest of my life acting on this fundamental truth is more than I could have ever asked for.
Sherlock glances toward his bedroom door and sniffs. “She’s brought pastries. Chocolate croissants. She also drunkenly slept with one of Harry’s coworkers last night and regrets it. The one with the fringe and the clear glasses. They’ve liked Clara for ages.”
“Faster,” he managed, his entire being concentrating into the sensation of John’s strong hand stroking him off. He thought he may black out.
People in the audience stared at him expectantly. He’d told them to wait, but they’d waited long enough. He’d waited thirty years too long.
“I read he was the best man at the wedding. Lots of rumors about you two. I have to ask, were you ever together?”
Dad and Sherlock broke apart with smiles wide enough to melt her heart, and the audience burst into raucous applause and happy tears and laughter: a collective crowd basking in the absurdity of a hijacked wedding.
John shook his head and took a breath, preparing to tell a story that Sherlock wouldn’t believe. “Earlier, in the office. I didn’t drink the truth tea.”
“Not much. I only know he was a diplomat, kind of like my mum,” she said. “We don’t talk about our family histories much.”
“Oh, you’re perfect, so perfect,” John speeds his thrusts. Open-mouthed and panting, Sherlock lets go of his cock, letting the friction of John’s thrusts stimulate him. He uses his now-free hand to scratch along John’s back and side.
“Rat Number One.” He felt panic rise in his throat. What was Lord Moran’s daughter doing marrying John Watson’s daughter? The universe was rarely so lazy.
She had a casually likeable air about her that made it easy to agree. Sherlock came up with no retort, and threw his carry-on suitcase in the trunk alongside John’s.
Sherlock slumped a little, reaching his arms out onto the countertop behind him to support himself. “I’m sorry, John.” John stepped forward to wrap his fingers around Sherlock’s jumper at the waist. “I- I let my emotions get the better of me. You being here has greatly escalated my emotional response.” He closed his eyes, wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders, and laid his head on top of John’s, breathing in the smell of his own shampoo. “Because of course, I love you, too.”
Rosie gulped. A sudden ball of panic lodged itself in her throat, and she fought hard to swallow. Dad placed a steadying hand on the small of her back. “Okay?” he asked, concern showing in the lines between his eyebrows.
The bastard rolled his eyes and tapped his foot like he was waiting to speak to a representative at a bloody insurance company. “Get her here
John paused his ministrations. “That’s up to you. What do you want?” He met his eyes, and they were so open and trusting that Sherlock felt his own eyes start to shine. “You have me. I want anything, everything with you. You could tell me you want me hanging upside down from the rafters, and I’d start climbing.”
So mesmerizing, in fact, that he’d missed Jacqueline, the event manager, coming up to their table in greeting. He only looked up when she’d cleared her throat.
A flash of pity crossed her face before it turned soft. “Will you?” she urged, already turning around in the stool to face the vanity.
Confused murmurs shifted to panicked concern. Dad mumbled something beside her that might’ve been “Drama queen.”
He was at Baker Street. Irene Adler, wrapped in Sherlock’s dressing gown, had given John the coded message. Across the table, Sherlock smiled. “Go on, then,” and suddenly Irene was leaning in to kiss John’s cheek. He
“Fuck, Sherlock.” He was now steadily rolling his hips against Sherlock’s, appreciating the friction on his crotch. He imagined those lips around his cock and grabbed on tufts of Sherlock’s greying hair to keep himself steady.
John stirred, and Sherlock’s fingers quickly slipped out of his shirt lest John come to consciousness.  He didn’t, but instead pressed his nose closer to Sherlock’s underarm, nuzzling it a bit. “Sh’lock,” he mumbled in the clouded quality of mid-dream speech.
Sherlock followed suit, sitting on his bed to take off his shoes. “Yes. You of all people know I go in for that sort of thing on occasion.”
Sherlock already had the schedule memorized, so there was no need to keep up the flirtatious act. He stood up straight and turned wordlessly away from Connor, making his way toward Watson and friends. “Oh, I really don’t think he’d mind,” he said, and the image of John slapping him on the back like a mate down the pub and making a cheeky remark about pulling Janine at his own wedding came to mind.
A sniff of sandalwood burnt into the old leather chairs in the sitting room, the pine in John’s shampoo mixed with apricot soap in the bathroom, rosemary and thyme and two-nights-ago curry in the kitchen. Each room was like an aromatic museum of John Watson, like John’s bedroom at 221B concentrated to the nth power. It was like his own personal aphrodisiac scent store, and Sherlock wanted to sniff the place down. In time.
If he didn’t intervene in the next thirty seconds, they risked someone else walking into this lobby, and that could further derail and distract. He swiftly broke apart from John’s grasp and took his hand. “Excuse us, Watson, but if anyone disrupts my plan to have my husband in a compromising position within the next hour, I bear no responsibility for what happens to them.”
So, he wasn’t dating Man From The Pub. What was he doing, then? One night stands, perhaps? Casual hookups? It certainly didn’t seem like he was lying.
The next two days are exhausting. John coasts through the handshakes, the condolences, and the flowers mindlessly. He doesn’t take much of it in- it’s too hard to think. He’s already dealing with constant nausea from not drinking, and on top of mindless chatter, he constantly feels like he’s going to lash out. He sees people he hasn’t seen in years, and many he doesn’t know at all- Harry’s coworkers, her AA sponsor, her old school friends, a few odd cousins. He’s beyond grateful for Clara’s attendance. She does most of the grunt work of the greeting; she knows far more people than John does at both the wake and the funeral. Even though she and Harry were divorced, people recognize her as the chief mourner. She looks it, too. John wonders if she regrets the divorce. Maybe the pair of them had even discussed getting back together. He wonders if Clara still loved her.
John had the audacity to sit on the bed and patted the spot next to him. Sherlock pointedly pulled out the chair from under the desk and sank into it instead.
“You need a shower,” John said, though he didn’t particularly care about the mess. He brought his lips back to Sherlock’s.
John groaned. “What I want you to say next: six letters,” he emphasized the clue with a roll of his hips. Sherlock’s hands moved to John’s hips, encouraging the movement.
“I worry about you here, alone,” Dad admitted, his thumbs warring with each other in his lap. Rosie bit back the tears threatening to spill. Stuck in her own fear, she hadn’t realized Dad was the one that needed the comfort. “You can call me anytime, now. I already put my number in.”
Sherlock continued without bothering to wait for an explanation, “You used to hate your attraction to me. Your attraction to a man. It’s been five years. You’re still angry at yourself. I presume that sex with George fueled that hatred; you were punishing yourself for your attraction to me. You’ve now had plenty of casual sex with the man, and you show up here, clearly keen on creating some sort of sexual connection. And I want that, too, John. But I fear you’re doing it to see if you still hate that you want me- an experiment.”
He had been so focused on the fickle ribbon, he hadn’t seen their approach, and he nearly dropped the scissors at Rosie’s greeting. “Hey, sweetheart. And- oh! Stella, hi. It’s good to see you.” Rosie offered a hand to help him off the ground, and he took it with suspicion. He hated the idea of people treating him like an aging man- he was so prideful. Toxic masculinity, and all that. He gave Rosie a light kiss on the cheek and Stella a hug.
“If you need anything, just let me know,” Jacqueline said, her too-sweet voice sticking to John’s ears like molasses. He needed her hand off his shoulder immediately. “I’ll be at the ceremony.”
John relaxed with Sherlock all to himself again. He clutched his hands to his knees so he wouldn’t do anything stupid (touch Sherlock’s hands touch his lips touch his
Sherlock takes advantage of John’s moment of vulnerability and manages to extricate himself. “John, please don’t- don’t do this now. Your judgment is severely compromised, clearly.”
, yes, John. ‘S nice.” John chuckled, and grabbed the elastic on the waistband, silently asking Sherlock’s permission. He nodded. “It’s not ‘just you,’ you know,” he said as John pulled Sherlock’s pants down his legs. Once they were off, Sherlock wordlessly reached inside his nightstand and produced a bottle of lube.
The comforting weight of Stella’s body sunk into Rosie’s own, and they were kissing immediately. It was needy and desperate after two weeks without the other’s touch, and Stella’s lips on her neck felt like the first gulp of cold water after a hot day at the beach.
He reached for his mobile in his jeans pocket, dialing Rosie. She didn’t answer. That was odd. She was always on that damned thing (
He wouldn’t have been able to identify a shift if he hadn’t been waiting for it, but it was there. He felt a veil of inhibition being lifted.
Dad came downstairs to greet them in a similar state to Sherlock’s, but Rosie didn't dare say a thing. It was his birthday, after all. Dressed in a worn, cozy jumper thrown haphazardly over a sleep shirt and jeans, he looked the same as ever. He smiled wide when he caught sight of her, wrapping his arms around her in a tight, warm hug that sunk into her bones. She was home, and Dad was happy. Truly, genuinely happy. She handed him the bottle of wine with a subdued “Happy birthday, Dad.”
Sherlock was spinning in a whirlpool of embarrassment. He had been wrong; he hadn’t even considered that the seemingly innocuous wedding invite could have been sent under false pretenses. The air in the hotel hallway had suddenly shifted from stuffy to suffocating. Rosie had sent the wedding invite
Stella’s connection to Moran had likely made her the target of the arsenic attack, but he hadn’t the faintest idea of why someone on this island would go after
like this after so long made it nearly impossible to hide. He stared openly as Sherlock wiped his index finger down his chin to collect the strawberry juice and stick his finger in his mouth. John craved him. He wet his lips with his tongue, and Sherlock’s eyes locked on John’s mouth, and something flickered in Sherlock’s eyes. He felt electric.
John looks out into the sitting room of his flat to the small gathering of people here to celebrate Rosie’s birthday. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, and Molly are chatting over cake, Mike Stamford and his wife are pouring mimosas, and Sherlock is looking concernedly at John, clearly sensing that whatever John just heard on his mobile, it wasn’t good news.
“It’s an awfully good one this week, mate,” said the shop’s proprietor. John half-smiled, liking to figure that kind of thing out for himself, thanks. As he turned to walk toward the nearest tube station, eager to get home and settle in with a cup of tea and his puzzle, he stopped dead at the sight of a very familiar woman in a striped jumper talking animatedly into her mobile not ten yards away.
“Oi! What the hell are you girls giggling about?” Harry shouted from across the dancefloor, tangled around her new girlfriend, who didn’t seem to be paying attention to anything but Harry. Since their teen years, his sister had always had such a strangely hypnotic effect on the girls she dated, he used to think she was practicing witchcraft. That was still true, apparently. The hypnotic thing. The witchcraft was still up for investigation.
“Yeah. Typical ridiculous requests,” she answered, rolling her eyes. “Do you ever talk to him?” There. Now they both had asked questions they already knew the answers to.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed, turning to capture the source of the breath with his lips. Their lips lingered there, barely kissing, just breathing into the other’s space. “Husband.”
Jacqueline instantly burst into a sob. “It was my husband, Alex,” she snorted through heavy tears. “Alex Mann.”
John.” Somehow, this softness was far worse than a screaming match. John leaned further into the back of the chair. “You’ve lived an entire life since you left Baker Street. You’ve made a career. You raised a child. She’s getting married, and you actually helped plan it.” The ‘getting married
“It’s good to see you, John,” said Sherlock, far too casually. John stepped back to study him, on his way to fully believing that he was actually here. The years showed themselves in roots of grey in what John assumed to be dyed auburn hair (curls coiffed as ever), in lines on his face, in a softness around his middle. The detective still knew how to suck all the air out of John’s lungs, to absorb all the energy in a room so that he was the only thing worth paying attention to. Sherlock Holmes, on the Isle of Man, in the flesh. That train of thought led back to the question humming as background noise since he heard Sherlock’s voice, why was he here?
, John kissing him. John’s lips tasting like a cure for homesickness, for heartache, for the list of age-inflicted ailments as long as the stairs to 221B.
were thread through the very fabric of John’s psyche. That night, he knew. Sherlock had laid himself bare for every guest in attendance, and even now, John couldn’t bear the judgment of his own perceptive ceiling reflections. Every wedding he’d attended since his own had been unbearable.
It was raining when they emerged, the chilly wetness of the air soaking into their skin. Sherlock caught a cab at the North entrance, and John and Xiaowen hopped into the backseat. The minute the cab left Taipei Main and cruised onto a street bustling with tour buses, cars, and scooters, Xiaowen ripped John’s clothes out from atop her stomach.
“Next, I’m going to touch you here,” John said, rubbing Sherlock’s cock over his pants for emphasis.
Molly jumped at the tap on her shoulder. She hated being taken by surprise. She was in her third rather heated argument of the day with Sherlock at the moment, and dammit if she needed more food than a bag of crisps for lunch. Couldn’t this person see that she was in the middle of some--
Sherlock’s affection quickly transformed into annoyance. “Watson, please. Do not lecture me on matters you do not understand.”
John gives him a warning look. “Don’t go getting any ideas, Mr. ‘Faked his Suicide in 2011’.” He glances at his mobile again, skimming the article over. “Hey, who was the arsehole ‘anonymous funeral attendee’ who made it seem like we skived off Harry’s funeral to shag?”
As she walked back down the aisle, John shook his head. “I was hoping getting out of the country would prevent any fan run-ins.”
He slid a finger underneath Sherlock, who tilted his hips encouragingly. He slid one, then two fingers inside, gasping at the tight heat. He moved them in circles, stretching him. Sherlock moaned, clutching at John’s hair.
Xiaowen stared at the glowing screen, and someone behind her nudged her forward in line for the train. Sherlock? Who was
John understood none of this, of course, so it was Sherlock’s choice. He glanced back at John, felt a pang of want, and turned back to Weixian. “We can do one room.”
The taller friend was looking at Watson with concern. “I’m sorry, Mr. Holmes, Rosie’s had a really tough night. We’re just gonna…” she pointed her chin to the lifts, but Watson protested, standing her ground.
John’s coffee poured, he walks in and sinks next to Sherlock on the couch. After four days of Sherlock sleeping there, it smells like him: tobacco, tea, and lavender shampoo. The familiarity of the scent soothes his throbbing headache. Well, that and the paracetamol Sherlock hands him wordlessly.
Stella’s childhood friend Emil was licensed to marry, and he nodded to the both of them with a warm smile through a thick beard. “Welcome to Stella and Rosie, and to all your friends who have gathered together today. And welcome, especially, to Dr. John Watson and Mrs. Lisa Liu, who represent your families. We are all gathered here together on this gorgeous…”
Oh. Interesting. Watson was marrying a woman. Unexpected? No. Fascinating? Certainly. Sherlock suddenly ached to know how John had reacted to this. He had probably been unbearably awkward about it, just as he had been on the night of their own meeting. “It’s all fine,” he’d said, flirting clumsily. Sherlock wondered if he’d expressed the same sentiment to Watson when she’d told him. He hoped, for her sake, that John had climbed out of his hole of self-hating homophobia years ago. John had always rejected the notion of becoming his own father. He’d wanted to be good to Rosie, and Sherlock was optimistic that in this area, he had been a good dad. The evidence was there - John was clearly in support of the wedding.
“You consider me part of your family?” Sherlock asks. It’s so hopeful, and vulnerable, John wants to kiss him. So he gets up from the couch, walks to Sherlock, leans over him, and does. Just a quick peck, but the rush of being able to do this now, anytime he likes, is heady.
Sherlock did not dare respond, not wanting to encourage this train of thought. He put the note down, revealing the invitation. He glanced over the ornate script and focused on the photograph.
Sherlock and John exchanged knowing glances. Sherlock put his paper bag of chicken down on the nightstand. “Xiaowen, does your girlfriend know about the tea?”
Sherlock froze, pausing to bottle the memory for storage. His own name slurred from John’s sleepy lips into his forearm made his entire body instantly pliable. Sherlock knew John’s PTSD dream tells, and he wasn’t expressing them. It was a relaxed dream, then, probably so mundane that John wouldn’t remember when he woke. That meant John would be in an ideal state for Sherlock to run his hands through his silver-blonde hair.
. It had taken some convincing, but as soon as Mycroft agreed to wrangle Sherlock into a rehabilitation program after he left, John packed up his and Rosie’s things and left 221B for good.
He studied her, pointing his chin and flexing his left hand, the display a small tell of emotion underneath his blasé exterior. “I…” he started, and Rosie should’ve known he’d be as hopeless at this as she was. “I have something for you.” He pulled a small box from his bag of things he’d brought with him from home and handed it to her. The white box had a picture of a phone on the cover.
John threw his mobile on the bed in favor of getting ready. He washed his face twice before realizing Sherlock would know everything that had happened in the last day- hell, probably the last five years- regardless of how clean he looked. He had absolutely no idea where he was going, so he threw on a button-down, packed a bag with Earl’s food, some toys, collar, and leash, some extra clothes for himself and an umbrella and hoped for the best.
After dropping Rosie with Harry and Clara, John had been silent most of the way to the airport. Usually, this would have put his focus on the case, and he would be asking questions about the basics, prodding Sherlock for theories. But not today. Today he ruminated. Questioned his decision to come on this case. Sherlock spent the ride pretending to study the detailing on the sleek leather seats in the car Mycroft had sent for them, trying to avoid provoking John at all costs before they boarded the plane.
“With Sherlock in the family? There won’t be any room for that.” He looks lovingly at Sherlock, sitting in John’s own chair. Sherlock stares back at him, dumbfounded. Clara smiles privately to herself.
She smiled at him. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning. I’ll pick you up.” Her casual charm was back on, but there was a sadness in her voice Sherlock could not miss.
“He was my very best friend. Can you imagine if someone was after Jamie?” Rosie shook her head. That was a terrible thought. “Well, it was like that. My very best friend was going to be killed. And since your mum was so very smart, she figured it out before anyone else.” He took a breath. “She died to, um, save him.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide and surprisingly sympathetic when he looked at him. “I think in this case, it can, John.”
“Yeah.” She checked the time on her mobile as an excuse to look away. She had a text from Sherlock waiting.
John opened his mouth to disagree, but the pleading look Rosie shot him in the mirror stopped him. “Fine. Let’s take you to Ms. Delia’s, yeah? I bet she can fix it up.”
The announcement for the arrival at Taipei Main Station played over the speakers, and John stood to bring their carry-ons down from the overhead. A line formed in the centre aisle as Sherlock’s mobile buzzed. It was Mycroft.
Stella was more like Dad, in the way that they both kept their hearts hidden, guarded. Though Stella had been the one to approach her, she’d been a sort of player, back then. Stella used her good looks and natural mysteriousness to pull, but had never stayed in any entanglement long. She was an emotionally guarded lockbox with a charming smile and a fancy coat, too scared to bear her heart. Rosie felt lucky every day that she had been the one to manage coaxing it out of her.
Sherlock scoffed as if Mycroft was the last person he’d ever allow at a celebration for his wedding, and Mycroft forced a patronizing smile as if he’d be the last person ever to attend. “No, no. Thank you, Dr. Watson, but I’ve a work call to make,” he declined, and John almost wished he’d accepted. The idea of seeing Mycroft interact with the commonfolk at a brunch affair was comical. “When do you expect to return to London?”
John eyed him sweetly. “People usually say ‘I do.’” He thread their fingers together. “Stop overthinking. If you want this, and I know you do because I’m
“Clara,” John says, wrapping one of his fingers in a stray curl on Sherlock’s head. “You like her, don’t you.”
Her golden curls were butchered short at the top of her forehead, sprouting up at different angles in a wonky halo. She hated her new haircut, and John clutched the offending pair of scissors guiltily.
John made a pained sound of protest, but kept sipping until the empty cup echoed when he placed it down.
(and has another visceral reaction to Sherlock calling him “Daddy”, but better save that Freudian analysis for later).
Sherlock tried to compose himself, closing his eyes, taking a shaky breath. This was John. He loved him. He was the one person who mattered. But that was just it- he mattered so much, Sherlock couldn’t afford for this to go wrong.
“You stomped around for months after I came back, lauding my fake death over me. But I came back. I was always going to come back. But you? You left me to rot. You
John had him backed into the kitchen countertop, knee pressing between Sherlock’s own, and just the sensation of being so surrounded by him was intoxicatingly disarming. “Didn’t say anything,” John said, chuckling into Sherlock’s neck.
But tonight was not a George night. He was too keyed up to wait, and too preoccupied with Sherlock to think about anyone else. Surrendering to the indulgence, John reached down and undid his fly, thinking only of dirty crossword clues and a detective.
Sherlock’s eyes darted over John’s face, no doubt looking for something in it to question. John hoped he was giving his most earnest expression, because he meant it. Jesus, he meant it.
but he hadn’t made it very far. Despite his efforts, none of it made any sense. Sherlock would have cracked it instantly, he knew, and John cursed himself for being an idiot. He needed coffee.
as Xiaowen stepped into the cramped carriage. She had managed narrowly to slip on with the tour group ahead of her in line, but now they were chatting loudly and snapping pictures through the train windows. She wished she had waited for a less lively train, but silently cheered when she spotted an empty seat at the end of the carriage.
She regarded him for a moment. John had obviously heard her speaking to Sherlock, and was looking for a way in. Molly’s loyalties were with Sherlock, and she didn’t know how much Sherlock would want John to know about his life now. She wondered if John even knew that he had moved out of London.
, Sherlock, this is…” Sherlock’s hands deftly untied the knot on the dressing gown and reached for the exposed skin under his t-shirt around his waist.
Sherlock could only nod and follow, incapable of speech. He didn’t dare let words delay whatever was about to happen, lest his brain catch up with his body. He had wanted this for far too long to let logic and reasoning stop him from cataloguing the sounds John made at the height of pleasure.
He slammed his hand down on the aluminium table, the reverberation echoing throughout the expansive room. Sherlock barely masked a flinch with a flick of the microscope knob. “Sorry, sorry,” John said, taking a deep breath, rubbing the knuckles on his left hand. “Why are you
Truth was power. And later, Sherlock felt the rush of it in their bedroom, with John reduced to simpers and whines beneath him, not holding a thing back as Sherlock pounded into him from above.
It takes him a minute to acclimate, and when he does, he realizes his mobile is buzzing on the nightstand. Damn thing has probably been going off all night. He rubs his eyes, leans over, and sees it’s Mrs. Hudson. It’s 8am. Better get it, then.
Inspiration strikes him. It’s new, and scary, but John suddenly knows exactly what he wants. “Sherlock, Rosie and I. Can we move in here, with you?”
John stood to attention, already feeling that addictive rush of adrenaline. “Has EMS been called?” he asked, already striding across the room in Doctor Mode.
He was ridiculous, that man, darting out of John’s bedroom fully naked, half-hard, leaving John panting and itching to stroke himself.
her, sure, but when it really came down to it, the only reason John had ever interacted with Molly was Sherlock. She knew that now.
John wakes early the next morning with a mouthful of curls. He’s disoriented and groans internally at another headache pounding on his temples. He shifts, and unsticks himself from the person in front of him-
John ran a frustrated hand through golden grey hair. “No, just. Let me explain, okay?” He leaned on the sink and looked extremely uncomfortable. “Could we, maybe, go back into the room?”
The smooth lighting in the restaurant made everyone in attendance look a little more beautiful, and Rosie could not take her eyes off Stella. She was wearing long, intricate earrings with a colorful pattern that accentuated her neck, partially hidden by the tight high-necked black dress she was wearing. In Rosie’s pleasantly buzzed state, she found the whole ensemble to be quite distracting.
Upstairs, after they’ve hung their sopping coats, Sherlock has Chinese takeout waiting for them. He’s even chopped sweet and sour chicken into tiny pieces for Rosie, and set them on her high chair table with a beaker of juice.
“I do it all the time,” Sherlock said, and John grit his teeth in order not to bite back with a response.
Sherlock ran his eyes over Xiaowen’s uncombed short hair and the trousers and sweatshirt that were both one and a half sizes too big. Sherlock couldn’t hide his disbelief. “You slept with her last night.”
Rosie bit her lip and closed her eyes, trying desperately to hold back her tears. He loosened his grip on the steering wheel, his own posture sinking in sympathy. Rosie was impossibly skilled at regulating her emotional response for an eight-year-old. She was holding back her own tears for John’s sake. He wondered, with a tinge of guilt, if she had learned this skill from him or
John didn’t know much about wedding gowns, but the dress suited her perfectly. It was simple, with thin straps and a lacy bodice that seemed to dance in the light of the window. Simple, but dynamic.
With John spurting between them, tightening around his own cock, his own release was not far behind. A few more thrusts, and Sherlock was there, calling John’s name.
Just yesterday, John had been undone, needing Sherlock’s body against his hard and fast and in any way possible. But tonight, John wants to set things right. He wants to take Sherlock apart, inch by inch, achingly slow and soft and tender.
: words John Watson never thought he would use to describe Sherlock Holmes. He was wearing a dark green knit jumper with a hole in the sleeve- fancy Sherlock Holmes with a hole in his sleeve!- and a pair of faded jeans, cuffed to the ankle. His hair, once a full, dark brown, now had plenty of grey peeking through. His hair was longer than it had been the last time John had laid eyes on him, and it reminded John of their early days. His face had a few more wrinkles, sure, but to John, he looked younger than ever. Sherlock’s eyes crinkled with a smile at the sight of him.
The kettle boils. Sherlock busies himself with making the tea. John leans against the counter, watching Sherlock’s quick, practiced process. John stares at Sherlock’s hands as he stirs sugar into his own cup. His fingers are long and delicate, the ones on his left hand with slight, permanent indents from the violin. John aches to feel them on his body, in his mouth.
Stamford nodded understandingly. He gave John a meaningful look. John fidgeted, flexing his fingers under the table. John ached to ask,
“Obviously, yeah,” John said knowingly. He ran a hand through his own hair, smoothing it. “We’ll be landing in just under two hours. Breakfast will be ‘round soon.”
“No. Sherlock.” John took his hands off his feet, and he instantly missed them. This business about the tea was ridiculous. “I want to
“I really do, Sherlock. I love you.” He’s surprised at the ease at which the words come. Possibly Rosie’s having a good influence on him. “I’m so sorry it took me having a public platform at my sister’s funeral to finally say it, but I’ve known for months. Years, really, if I’m being honest.” He hopes Sherlock can read every detail in his face, because he means it, with every fiber of his being.
John went slack beneath him, his hips sinking into the mattress. Sherlock pulled off, wiping the excess mix of sweat and semen around his mouth. He was incredibly hard himself, but he felt sated, staring at John in this limp state. He fell into the space next to John, perfectly shaped for him, and John threw his arm over Sherlock’s stomach.
Sherlock nodded vigorously, a bead of sweat from his forehead dripping down into his mouth at the exertion needed to fulfill John’s request.
There are some laughs from the congregation. He glances at Sherlock, who’s trying and failing to hold back a smirk.
Rosie laid in the hotel room for a few minutes afterward, soaking in the significance of the weekend without Stella’s unbelievably potent distraction of a presence. The room was a large suite, with a jacuzzi spa, a balcony, and even a small kitchen attached. A painting of local scenic spot Castle Rushen hung next to a sizable television. It was perfect. Not too extravagant, but lovely for the two of them. Sweet, even.
Sherlock’s hand had slowed over John, lost in his own pleasure, but now his focus shifted solely to bringing John to orgasm.
He opened the door to the room to find a large king-size bed with plush downy sheets, a balcony with a beautiful view of the city and Taipei 101, and a bottle of champagne and flutes above the mini fridge with a note reading “新年快樂 (Xīnnián kuàilè),” but it was an entirely
“It’s yours.” Indisputably, Clara is the right owner. He wants nothing to do with that flat. “Mycroft was right.”
Molly pulled Sherlock and then him in for a fierce, tight hug that felt simultaneously congratulatory and scolding. With his nose pulled into her hair, John noted that she even smelled the same: like lavender and lemon. He hadn’t realized he’d remembered what she smelled like. This weekend continued to unlock and empty long-stored vaults of memories.
“Offering my felicitations,” Mycroft answered, dictating every consonant like they tasted sour in his mouth.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes.” That was Stella, without a doubt, and it was unlikely he was dreaming her up. Unless there was a different Sherlock Holmes, somehow, he was here.
A movie montage reel of her childhood and teen years flashed in her mind’s eye; an alternative timeline.
important.” John reached for the lube again, coating his fingers. Sherlock was lying there, breathless and rosy-cheeked, and John wanted nothing more than to kiss him. So he did.
Rosie drove to the Isle of Man airport in a cloud of anticipation. Stella, her wife-to-be, and some close friends from boarding school were flying in from London for the wedding.
His small but comfortable flat in east London was a welcome sight that afternoon. John’s social battery was depleted after the afternoon he’d had. Earl greeted him with her usual kisses, and he took her on a brisk walk around the neighborhood in return.
He is, he realizes. The wave of fatigue hits him sharply, and he concedes. There’s still a looming cloud of grief over him that wears on his bones. “Fine. Just sleeping, then. It’s late.”
over a fatal mistake. She meant that water to be for someone else. Stella, specifically.” For someone discussing a gruesome murder, Sherlock was awfully excitable. And Dad was
The name meant nothing to Rosie, but a few noises of shocked acknowledgement emerged from the crowd.
Once John had carefully undressed Sherlock down to his pants, he maneuvered him onto the bed and climbed on top of him. John couldn’t stop touching him, running his hands all over Sherlock’s chest, proving to his doubtful logical mind that Sherlock really was here. After the fast-paced intensity of their interaction downstairs, John was grateful they could take time just to explore each other’s bodies. John reached down to rub Sherlock’s length over his pants.
Sherlock comes, hot streaks pulsing onto John’s own cock. But it’s Sherlock’s face, totally open and lost in pleasure, that sends John over the edge. His orgasm is a needed, powerful release. It shoots onto Sherlock’s stomach and his smart black shirt.
In the second row, Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling. A genuine, wide, frankly besotted smile that makes John want to taste it.
At the time, she had been stretching herself thin, performing gigs all over London every night, trying to establish herself in the music scene. That night had been an easy hour-long set, with a group of hip twenty-somethings going in and out of listening to Rosie and talking amongst themselves. Once she had finished her set and packed up her guitar, Stella approached her mid-step off the stage.
The last time he’d seen John had been at Mrs. Hudson’s funeral, ten years ago now. The memories of that time were fuzzy, shrouded in a cloud of grief, but seeing John, he remembered in excruciatingly perfect detail.
“I will. Thanks, Dad.” Rosie put her hand on his chest, taking comfort in the soft fabric there. “Don’t worry. My heart’s always with you, here.”
Sherlock breathes heavily into John’s neck and shifts his hands from John’s hair to his trousers, rubbing at his bulge. The touch is
At this, John stood straight, and Sherlock moved away from his ear as if fearful he had spooked John, gone too far. It wouldn’t be the first time. But John had no intentions of backing away. Instead, he held onto Sherlock’s waist and stepped into him, pushing them backwards until Sherlock was leaning back against the granite countertop, John leaning into him, pushing into the space between Sherlock’s legs.
“So you agree he’s dazzling,” she smiled. Dad did not find it particularly funny, coughing on his own surprise. “But that’s why we love him. He’s
Sherlock’s spindly fingers wrapped around the delicate petals, but instead of putting it in John’s coat, he brushed aside the grey hair by John’s ear sweetly, and pinned it there.
Mycroft sighed and turned toward the kitchen. His age was really starting to get the better of him, and he leaned heavily on his umbrella. “Must it always be this difficult with you?”
He reached an arm around John’s back to pull his hips closer, flush with his arse. John let out a grunt, a mix of surprise and pleasure. It offered a brief moment of vulnerability, which he took to wrestle John into switching positions. John clambered against the table with a
The inside of the house was an eclectic mix of styles. A thin entryway lined with floral wallpaper gave way to a large, surprisingly modern space, where the living area and the kitchen flowed seamlessly into each other. John recognized the mirror from 221B, as well as a few other items scattered about, but the decoration was remarkably different. Sleek marble countertops, hardwood floors, and fancy appliances were made softer by worn-in furniture, a cozy rug, and an exposed-brick fireplace with a familiar skull on the mantle, where there was already a fire burning. Earl settled herself right in front of it.
“But what? I want to give this to them. Watson made this happen, today. I owe her my heart, and Baker Street is the best physical representation of it I have to give.”
Later that night, Rosie laid awake in bed, Stella sleeping soundly beside her, fixating on Dad’s Angelo impression.
“Xiaowen told me to grab the syringe from your arm, and she figured the Ketamine would also be stored in the closet. It wasn’t. I already heard footsteps outside when I decided I had to get out of there. I gave her the syringe and some bleach and she told me to stall.”
hurting him. It’s clear to everyone around us- I think even Mrs. Hudson is starting to resent me, and I don’t blame her. I’ve decided: I have to leave Baker Street. I love him too much to go on killing him like this. I’ve shut down the blog. The last remnants of it are here, in this journal. Keep it safe.”
“My org-- Sherlock, please. Don’t be like that,” John pleaded, and his panicked expression nicked away at a part of Sherlock’s wall.
“Actually, Mr. Holmes, can I take a picture of you and Dr. Watson? It’s not often that I have celebrities stay here,” Weixian said, waving his mobile.
John licked his lips, and Sherlock had to pull his eyes away from the new wetness there. “Okay,” he conceded, “Bathroom then.”
She was convinced she had pulled every piece from Dad that he was willing to give, until this morning.
fraught sibling relationship was the same as ever, and John found it rather adorable. He wrapped a possessive arm around his husband’s waist as a warning to the British Government not to get too close. They were on the Isle of Man, after all- they were not under his jurisdiction.
but Sherlock was too good at this. He’d come too easily if he kept it up, held hostage by Sherlock’s fist. But Sherlock was asking to be fucked, and John was going to make this good for him, dammit. He summoned his best commanding voice from the depths of his lungs.
John ran a hand through his hair, and Xiaowen leaned forward, interested. “I know it sounds impossible, but I’m fairly positive I’ve drank this tea before.”
Then John shocked him. He turned around, dropped to his knees on the tile, and licked the length of Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock moved his fingers that weren’t wrapped around John’s cock back to play with the fragile skin on John’s bollocks. The platinum band around his ring finger shimmered in the moonlight through John’s window. He started thrusting involuntarily.
The plane ride back to London was considerably more enjoyable than the journey to Taiwan. John fell asleep on his shoulder.
, at this hospital, but here, on the Isle of Man. The day before my daughter’s wedding.” He dropped his head, a memory resurfacing of the last time Sherlock had spoken to him, his voice cold and nearly unrecognizable. John’s voice came out scratchier than he meant it to. “I thought you never wanted to see me again.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock nodded, and he meant it for far more than her felicitations. He wouldn’t be here without her.
“I need you to know, John. You weren’t killing me,” Sherlock said, his voice heavy with the weight of confession. John wanted to argue, to tell Sherlock to blame him for everything, but he stopped him. “What was killing me was trying not to love you.”
“Fuck, Sherlock.” It was good, so, so good. Wet, light flicks of Sherlock’s tongue were unraveling him, each slide of flesh erasing a hesitation. But as quickly as it started, Sherlock let go of his cock with a last lick and jumped off the bed.
John’s squirms settled. “I’ve missed you,” he whispered, and the raw emotion behind it scratched at his walls, but they didn’t let up. He needed to make John leave before he pinned him deeper into the table and spilled the fantasies on his tongue.
John sighed. He was cracking. “We don’t have to decide now, yeah? Let’s keep both places for now, and we’ll work something out. Maybe we can go between.”
Rosie nodded along, but she secretly disagreed. At least in her mind, Mum was and would always be her hero.
There was decidedly more than generosity behind Mycroft’s offer, but Sherlock kept his thoughts about that unvoiced. “In London?” he asked, secretly hoping. He imagined Xiaowen coming round for tea, maybe even helping on cases. John had been right- he liked her.
His suit is folded neatly on the chair next to Sherlock’s dresser, but he doesn’t bother with it. He opens Sherlock’s bedroom door, bracing himself for a sulking Sherlock, but the flat is empty.
There’s a pit in his stomach as he remembers the events of yesterday afternoon (or a few hours ago? He can’t tell). This is all his fault. God, he’s an idiot. How the hell did he decide his sister’s eulogy was the time to confess his feelings in a public diary entry? And Sherlock had been angry about it, surely. Hadn’t he? John didn’t actually expect anything to come from it- certainly not physical confirmation that Sherlock wanted him, too. Certainly not hurried handjobs in 221B resulting in a spectacular release. How had things escalated so quickly?
Molly Hooper looked the same as ever, wearing a sundress, a cardigan, and a bright, knowing smile. Her hands were clasped with joy at the sight of them. She held herself a little taller than she did when John knew her well, and there was a deserved air of confident ease about her that made him swell with pride. Greg had been good for her, then. He glanced at the man, who was looking at Molly like she hung the moon. They had been good for each other.
On Friday morning, John is grateful to wake up on time (honestly, he’s grateful to wake up at all). He’s been having trouble sleeping without a drink, so Sherlock suggested Rosie sleep with him last night. It helped. It wasn’t the most restful night of sleep, but he got a few hours in. He considers it progress.
“This is no insult to your cooking, John, but if you’re trying to be Angelo, it’s not quite working,” said Sherlock over his wine glass.
Sherlock smirked like he knew John would get there eventually. John wanted to taste it. “I told you I was invited.”
She always knew that Dad wasn’t the best with people, but the two of them understood each other. Trusted each other. Did Dad not trust her enough to make her own judgments about who she was marrying?
It didn’t stop Sherlock from ruminating on the possibilities for Xiaowen’s truth tea based on John’s discovery- ones of which Xiaowen could not yet have conceived.
Sherlock pushed himself off of the counter and stood back up to his full height. He gave John a pitying look that touched a nerve. John sniffed. “Molly Hooper saw you fawning over him in a pub. I decided to do my own research.” John cringed to think about what this “research” might have been. John remembered that night- it was one of the very few times he had actually gone outside of his flat with George. He thought he had only imagined he had seen Molly. He had been quite plastered, after all.
The invitation featured a professional photograph of her and her fiance embracing at Port Erin, and their names and wedding details in dramatic script:
“Rosie,” he started, his voice cracking a bit, betraying his emotion. He swallowed, trying to hold it together for the both of them. “I am so proud of you. Always.”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed, nodding emphatically, thrusting up to meet John’s hand again. John was brilliant, perfect, incredibly intuitive- he knew Sherlock would need an outline, a methodic way to approach sex.
