https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
Beating rushing blood
To hold
At this, they laughed so hard that one of them almost fell off the chair. Susy bent down to help her friend up, and as she did, she turned her head and caught sight of John. “Oh. John.”
No heart, but a hole in my chest
Sherlock felt himself blush.
Sherlock sat up and tried to get out of bed, but his legs wouldn’t carry him yet. He leaned back on his hands, trying to catch his breath. His sheets were clammy beneath his palms and he could smell the sour sweat of stress and fear cooling on his skin. He took a shaking breath, got up and stumbled into the shower.
A strange look came over Sherlock’s face and with the tiniest movement, he licked his mouth, just a millimetre of tongue darting out and then disappearing again.
Sherlock calling Mycroft instead of texting or simply ignoring him was so unusual that Mycroft felt momentarily at a loss for words.
John was still able taste the cake on Sherlock’s lips, when Sherlock suddenly pulled back and drew a deep, shuddering breath. They couldn’t have been kissing for very long. Had Sherlock changed his mind already? John’s stomach swooped at the thought, but when Sherlock lunged at him again, the penny dropped and John started giggling into Sherlock’s mouth. “Did you forget to breathe?”
John’s hand squeezed Sherlock’s neck, his nails digging into the skin, pressing Sherlock’s forehead harder against the wood of the door.
He walked back to the living room where Sherlock was standing awkwardly in the middle of the floor. He took a sip of his own whisky and put the glass on the side table. Then, John put Sherlock’s glass back in his hand, holding it firmly until Sherlock had grasped it, looking him in the eye and letting their fingers linger together for a moment. He was trying with everything but words to say that this is ok, we will get through this, we can do this. He hoped that Sherlock got the message.
Sherlock focused on sounding calm. “Aqua regia is the best way to clean residue from glass that cannot be removed with normal cleaning.”
“A strong possibility or just a risk?”
“She had a nightmare. I let her help with the Christmas tree to settle down.”
John stretched languorously as he woke, bumping the extra pillow from the armrest of the sofa. Waking up like this was heavenly. The sofa bed in Sherlock’s borrowed flat was incredibly uncomfortable and the duvet smelled dusty, but he hadn’t slept this well in years. Not perfectly nightmare free, but much better than before. Being sober really helped.
John had groaned and expected the whole thing to become a living nightmare, and he had been right. Trying to stop Sherlock from insulting the whole of Stockholm had been absolutely awful and he had loved every minute of it. It didn’t matter how awkward and uncomfortable the situation became. He was always better at Sherlock’s side than on his own. It seemed incomprehensible that he had managed to suppress that knowledge for so many years.
John went to his chair again. He didn’t even remove his jacket. Had he forgotten, or was he not staying long enough to take it off? He was sitting absolutely still, staring at the whisky glass that he had left on the table earlier. It was still half full.
Half a minute later, his phone rang and he was connected to Lestrade.
It came over him, that he couldn’t stand another night sitting in his chair, watching Sherlock read or think or play without stopping for food or drink, worrying about when the man had eaten last, watching the the angles of his cheekbones grow sharper. Hands shaking, John snatched the kitchen drawer open and pulled out a knife. He cut a wedge of the moist, dark, sticky cake, grabbed it and walked back out into the living room. “Here. Eat.”
“So are you,” Sherlock said, his grin so big it felt like it would split his face in half.
He was just trying to open his eyes again when he realised that he was leaning his knees against the edge of Sherlock’s seat, boxing him in. John’s eyes flew open and he was about to right himself, when he felt Sherlock’s fingers curl against the back of his knee, pulling him in closer. Sherlock was staring at John’s mouth, seemingly unaware of what his fingers were doing.
“We’ve solved the case and removed the message. You can tell your annoying pal that it was the dressmaker’s assistant. He had embroidered a message on the hem of her skirt and was planning to photograph it and post on Twitter this evening. We’ve removed it and I want to leave this infernal party. I don’t want to talk to him again, he’s annoying. You talk to him instead.”
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
John came in, fixed himself another whisky and sat down in his chair once more. For some reason, he had poured out the whisky from earlier and taken a new glass. Maybe a piece of dust or a small fly had landed in the glass during the course of the evening, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock leaned back with a glint in his eye. “So you don’t want to give Sandra another go?” His tone was teasing, but his mouth looked vulnerable as he spoke.
“Christ. Like what? Like, stroke level? What's the worst case scenario?” Greg babbled when his tongue finally found the ability to form shapes again. “Please. I just, I want to be prepared.”
"Oh, don't worry about Gene, he's not even in the kitchen himself, he's off fondling sweaters in his bunk." John's double take went by unremarked and he got the feeling that any explanation he got would be weirder than the original idea, so he didn't ask how Mike had come to be aware of that little tidbit.
"These are...breathtaking. How did they do this, I mean, I saw them scribbling away but... look at that!" John held the page open for him to see and he had to admit it was a stunning piece, a watercolour drawing of their kiss on the altar, flower petals drifting down around them as John dipped him low, the expressions full of life and joy. "I would say there's at least one sonnet in there about that moment, try the next page." He quipped, and sure enough there was poetry on the back side, sitting next to a few close ups of the detail work in the drawing before it; their hands with the rings, their boutonnieres, their eyes.
"You can't be serious." Bill's voice echoed from Coach Lestrade's office through the changing room and John winced. The trouble with Bill was that he couldn't seem to help himself when there was mischief to be had, and as with every other time, it ended in the destruction of someone else's property. As captain of their football team John wished he could see a way to make his team member stop being such an idiot, as a friend he was happy to laugh along and let him be. This time though, he'd actually gone too far if the barking Lestrade was doing said anything. No one was quite sure what they'd done, Murray, Tony and Sam, but rumours of trespass and sometimes arson were flying about with the vigour only teenagers could manage. John for one just hoped they weren't being suspended, the season hadn't begun yet and he needed every player on the pitch to train or they'd never make it to the cup finals.
“John. You’re miserable. Now I don’t know what it is about Holmes that has you all worked up but you need to stop it right now. It’s not good for someone in your position to be this distracted all the time. Either you get off your sorry arse and do something about it or I will.”
Greg gripped his gun as Sherlock opened the stairwell door and stepped soundlessly downward, avoiding every creaking step. Greg followed in his footsteps, hoping that the rest of the plan went as smoothly as this had. Sherlock had thought up five scenarios that ended in the gruesome death of one Sebastian Moran but none of them were feasible with Lestrade there. Even using John's gun would be frowned upon, but hopefully he'd turn a blind eye because it was John who had been injured. He wondered what Lestrade would say if he found out about the true identity of the Cabbie's murderer. At least Sherlock knew John. At the time John had known next to nothing about him and yet a man had died for even attempting to harm basement was even colder than the rest of the building and the windowless rooms all connected to each other. Sherlock flicked off the torch, mapping the compound in his head instead. John would be in the last room.
Prompt 33: Tea
Aside from anything else, the real problem was that there was a complete lack of reciprocation on his part, and John, being dense, would need the clear indication that Sherlock too was interested in this new facet of their relationship. And also, though slightly less so, the fact that John may not actually be' on the same page' as it were. He'd have to figure it out and once he did--
John hung up his coat and found a sulky Sherlock on the couch, but his expression brightened considerably when John arrived. John smiled right back at him and crawled up the couch, peppering the exposed areas of skin with light touches of his lips before taking up residence at the pale expanse of his neck. "Anything to say?" Sherlock groaned, this was one surefire way that John used to make him confess his thoughts. "M-missed you, always miss you when you're not with me." John added tender sucking motions. "Want you all to myself, always." John extricated himself briefly "Sherlock Greg is my friend and I like spending time with him, need to if we want to stay as close as we are. But, that has no bearing on the fact that it's you that I love to be with, you that I love coming home to, you that I love seeing every moment of every day, you that I love watching, listening to, feeling, tasting, you that I love full stop. So don't think for a second that one night a week changes any of that, because it doesn't and never will. I know you don't want to be far so I told Greg to come over here next time, that way I can be with you and have a beer with my mate okay?" Sherlock nodded shyly and John closed the distance between their faces, kissing him languidly. "Alright then. From now on just tell me, we could have solved this much sooner if you had. As you frequently remind me I am a bit of an idiot so give me a hand yeah?" Sherlock smirked "Less of an idiot than most John, you got there in the end. Perhaps your deductions are improving. Try me now." John attempted to focus on the fine points of deduction but gave up after a while. "You want to go to bed because you're exhausted and want to be perky in the morning because we will be having a very good time I should think." "Very good John, your guesses were entirely correct."
Sherlock was confident that he could be done within five minutes of arriving. Had to get there to finish, and a taxi was the only option. Calming down a bit was the only solution because the taxi driver would not be pleased to see that. Sherlock made a mental note to keep the shirt John was wearing. It was what had spurred him forward, apparently the fitted quality was something of a turn on. That in itself intrigued him. It called for more... Testing. After all, A quality experiment had at least three repetitions.
His mind wandered, but always came back to Sherlock.
Two days. That was the extent of time in which Not-Sherlock had stewed in their bedroom, brooding constantly over plans that were without fail obscured from Sherlock's view in the palace. The dungeon he'd erected at the age of six at the behest of his father were at least above ground level. It had still been soul crushingly dull, very much the epitome of his biggest fear at the time - that being confinement in a mental institution- the soft white walls and otherwise barren room were a torture, but only knowing what Not-Him had done after the events were long over was even more so. Sherlock shook his head and refocused, stretching his limbs as he headed down to the bottom floor of his palace. Designed much like a drug den he'd once frequented, the room was empty but for a solitary pair of shoes. Once, a long time ago, they'd belonged to a boy, Carl Powers, but here they housed Not-Sherlock's memories. All he had to do was put them on and he would know the damage. So he did.
In the end, it was Molly who leaned in and, with a tentative brush of lips against her cheek, asked Holly if she got much free time, and if she'd like to get coffee some time, the answer to which was a definite yes, and a quick peck of her own, because regardless of whether she was superstitious or not (she wasn't, at least she hadn't been until this morning when Mycroft and Greg had insisted that this was valid and if they were taking the piss she'd murder them. Maybe not. After all a kiss is a kiss...) she just wanted to be sure that all the luck in the world would be on their side to help them make it to next year together.
"Hey John wait up!" Greg called to him, crashing through the forest with, surprisingly given how soon lunch would have to be prepared, Mike at his side.
The second hospital was still intact, but it was older, much older. The place would be a near ruin by now without the proper maintenance. That left two, and they were equally likely. Similar ages nigh on identical in architecture, this would be a choice. "50/50" Sherlock whispered. "What?" Greg quipped, looking back to the computer. "It's a 50/50 chance that whichever one of these I go to, the other will contain John. There's only time to get to one." Greg looked at his watch. They had only got just under two hours left. "Right. Well then, which one are we going for?" Sherlock glared at him. "I will be going to that one." Greg looked at the photo. It was an old, crumbling redbrick building with barred windows. There was an obvious basement level that had no windows, in keeping with what they could see on the video. "We're going Sherlock, it's going to be dangerous, hell, everything you do is dangerous but this time John isn't there to cover you. So I'm going Sherlock, whether you like it or not. Plus," Greg smiled slightly "I have handcuffs, and a gun." "I will stay here to update you if necessary." Mycroft ushered them to the door and the waiting car. "Do be careful brother." He added as they closed the door. Sherlock smiled. He would be very, very careful.
“Too presumptuous? I understand, of course, if you wish to forget about the events of last night, and if I have made you uncomfortable I do apologize.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, Mycroft it is. Look, I am a doctor, alright, and it is my job - no, sod that - my passion, and drive to see these people leave my care healthy and whole that I am absolutely willing to do anything,
In the evening as forkful after forkful of dinner passed through his lips like clockwork, John wondered if, somewhere out there in a rehab facility in the Swiss alps, Sherlock was eating properly. He hoped so.
Dream a little dream of me."
"Here, ta ke my hand" John grabbed it, unthinking. After all the cuffs made doing anything else rather difficult. That said, it didn't stop the tingle John felt at his touch, not just because their hands were cold. "Of course I'd be thinking about that right now when we've just become fugitives" John muttered to himself, confident that Sherlock hadn't heard a word over the traffic and the constant noise of their footfalls as they ran. Even though his fist still throbbed from punching the director, and he was running from the police and his home, he was in pure bliss, Sherlock had never allowed this level of contact, and John couldn't seem to get enough.
The first day of the rest of our lives."
For an idiot she really was quite perceptive. The thought made Sherlock smile. Judging by the noise of the shower he had approximately ten minutes to figure out a way to stop Moriarty and kiss John. The former would pose little trouble but John... Uncharted waters. The though gave him a little thrill.
“What did John say about me?” Sherlock shot him one of his
John steeled again for the shock, teeth firmly pressed together though it felt like they would just drop out of his skull at any moment. He was not relieved when no shock arrived. That meant boredom. That meant a new sensation, a new wound. He could hear the thunk of wood on skin as the vibrations rattled and the sound slapped his ears. A beating he could handle. That would almost be a blessing. The mirrors did not help him identify exactly what it was he was going to face, Sebastian's body curled over it like a mother over a child.
Breathing hard, Sherlock braced himself against the railing of the bridge as Ricoletti threw himself at the detective, bringing the knife high to aim it at Sherlock's neck only to be shoved back hard as Sherlock kicked his legs up to push the man backwards, buying himself a brief moment of reprieve. He followed with a right hook to the man's left temple, knocking him off balance.
John was
The music changed, fading from the slow waltz into something much more up beat, a tango of sorts, and in moments the lazy affection turned to heat with just a look. With feline grace, Sherlock twisted their bodies together, until he and John's bodies were slinking against each other with every move. Soon the room had dwindled to just them, at least that was how it seemed.
The entire week he was walking on eggshells around John, avoiding him desperately in case he should see what was going on. The doctor had an irritating habit of doing that. John for the life of him could not figure out what was wrong, because of course he could tell that much. Sherlock was evasive to all questions and while that wasn't unusual he had an air of nervous energy about him that was worrying. John knew better than to pry though, so when he felt the the energy might explode out of Sherlock he would wrap his arms around the tall man and tell him that whatever was going on, they would be fine and that he was sure Sherlock had a reason for keeping him out, but if he wanted to talk John would always listen. The morning that Harry was getting out of the hospital was rainy. Sherlock snorted when he saw it and muttered "Pathetic fallacy" under his breath. John simply sighed and insinuated that they should bring an umbrella with them. They didn't. Clara met them at the door and they walked to Harry's room together. When they reached the corridor she was on however Sherlock stopped. "What?" John asked tilting his head at Sherlock. "You two go ahead, I have a few things to tell Lestrade first and he's going rolled ring in about twelve seconds." Sure enough Sherlock's phone rang and John smirked at him before leading Clara into Harry's room.
"If... if you ever feel like talking to an old man for a while, well, you know where to find me Sherlock Holmes."  John smiled weakly and Sherlock nodded with the best approximation of a smile he could manage pasted on his face. John nodded and spun around to walk inside, pulling his suitcase behind him before stopping short and striding back apace to stand right in Sherlock's space, so close he could count the number of hairs on his head , and with a reverence a cloudy day in London could never have warranted, slid one hand into the curls at the back of Sherlock's head and guided their mouths together so gently that if Sherlock hadn't been able to feel the lips warm and steady against his own he'd not have noticed.
“A word, if you will, Doctor Watson?” the man spoke.
Having caught only glimpses as Sherlock flicked through, even Mycroft couldn't say precisely what lay within the confines of those pages, but the look in his brother's eyes was enough to tell their story a thousand times over. Sherlock nuzzled his face into John's leg like an affection starved feline, and the slow stroke through Sherlock's curls that John had started kept all eyes on the pair. It was, to Greg at least, a show of intimacy that they were clearly intruding on. He coughed. "Tea anyone?"
than before) against the wall of the canteen a few hours later equated to a goodbye. It had, in a way, been a goodbye.  John had been shot the next week and James had to deal with his grief in the only way he knew how - fighting harder. John, at least, understood that.
Prompt 20: Prize
They turned, hand in hand, and walked back down the aisle and into the house where they were met by Sebastian and ushered into a sitting room. "Ten minutes sirs and I'll be back to escort you to the reception" Sebastian added as he left, giving both of them stern glances that clearly meant "You bloody better have your clothes on when I get back." John chuckled and Sherlock smirked as the door closed. No sooner had it clicked than John was surrounding him, embracing Sherlock tightly, giddily. Sherlock looped his arms around John and they simply stood there for a while, breathing. Sherlock was first to break the silence. "You got Mycroft's blessing?" he asked and John could here the smile in his voice. "Oh shut up, I'm old fashioned ok?" Sherlock's answering laugh rumbled in his chest and against John's face. "God I didn't even look to see who's here I was too nervous. They did a lovely job of it though, the trees and the flowers and all that, Mrs Hudson and Orabelle, it was really something." John reached up and took off his beret, setting it down on a table and pulling Sherlock down for a quick kiss, which turned into a not quite so quick one thanks to Sherlock groaning "I like this damned uniform almost as much as I like you out of it." And something that sounded like "Bloody military and their bloody uniforms" which did not help the 'keep your clothes on' decree at all. Still, by the time Sebastian did return they had fixed their jackets and were ready to go.
"Sebastian." John said, the slight crack in his voice giving away the terror he was trying to hide. Sebastian laughed, the noise echoing through the empty apartment. "Didn't think you'd be seeing me again?" John stayed silent, weighing up his options. Was it worth it to end the game early and die now rather than wait for the inevitable to come? "Then again, I didn't expect you to meddle in my affairs again. Just couldn't help himself could he, had to solve the case, Jim was the better man, should've won. Don't worry though John, I'm here now to finish his job. Burning the heart out of Sherlock Holmes and killing you. Funny that, how my interests fit with his so well." John frowned. Burn the heart... Oh. He was Sherlock's heart. "Don't cry Johnny boy, the tin man didn't really need a heart anyway." "I'm not crying Sebastian, but more to the point, why are you here?" Sebastian growled and pressed the steel harder against his throat. One cut and he'd bleed out. "I am here to finish what Jim started. But I plan on having a little fun first." he whispered, sickly sweet breath invading John's nostrils until he felt ill. John couldn't move for fear of being slashed across the neck, nor could he speak without the pressure increasing. Smiling, Sebastian's left hand went into his pocket. John had not noticed the cylindrical shape that protruded from it before, Sherlock would have. There was a hiss as Sebastian lifted the canister to his face and the air became foggy. John's vision blurred and he felt as if he were swaying, lines between objects softening until the world was one giant mess of colour. "Don't you worry Captain. I have big plans for you." The voice swirled round in his head until a vacuous dark fell on him and there was nothing more.
John heaved a heavy sigh. “Sherlock. Why can't you let someone else take care of you for once? Do enlighten me. You've chased everyone else away when they showed the slightest intention to help you.”
A/n (before the fic? *Gasp*) Im going to do an AU - soulmate!verse just to try it on for size. I know exactly nothing about doing properly AU so sorry for the shambles that this will probably be
“Are you sure? You seem a bit off and I don’t want to leave you if there’s something wrong, and we’ve talked about it before so, just say the word.”
Like all good things however, their holiday had to end, and stepping off the plane in Heathrow was a bittersweet experience. John had almost forgotten that Mycroft wore suits and didn't smile in public, he'd never be caught singing Italian love songs into a ladle here, not when someone might be watching. It brought home to him though, the real depth of friendship and trust that existed between them all, the level of comfort and ease they felt in each others presence, and simply being in London couldn't change that.  Besides which, he was anxious to see Mary,  It being April she would just be starting to show, making their secret a small bit more difficult to keep.  Still, that meant the baby was just under six months away and that meant they would have to start  preparing the flat. No way in hell it was fit for  child of any age at the moment, let alone a newborn.
"Probably the best idea" Sherlock agreed, pushing two packages in front of John and keeping two for himself.  Sherlock was left with Mary and the Yard while John got the other two and they opened them quickly, eager to be finished as much as eager to see the contents of the boxes.
Sherlock froze instantly, scene after scene overwhelming him. "No no no no Sherlock it's ok I'm here I'm fine calm down, breathe for me, in, out, copy my rhythm, in, out, in, out." John's chest expanding and contracting against him was grounding to be sure, but falling into his rhythm was proving difficult, and the fact that objectively Sherlock knew he'd soon be hyperventilating if he didn't match it wasn't helping. Eventually however he managed it, focusing on the solid body against his own. John continued to rock gently back and forth, waiting for calm to fall once more. "I asked if you wanted to talk about it, not relive it. You don't have to do either if you-" Sherlock cut him off.
John could feel his heartbeat wooshing in his head, compressing his skull and making his ears ring. “Don’t change the subject! You need to eat!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you think perhaps you could find some suitable work for John?”
Living with John again this past week had given Sherlock a sense of freedom and purpose he never could have imagined. When he left for that ludicrous case in Stockholm, he had been convinced he was done with London for good. Leaving Baker Street had been hard, and staying behind in Stockholm when John went back home had been heartbreaking, but he had felt he had no other option. The image of himself that he had painted after his return from his years abroad being “dead”, had turned into a poisoned mask. Once he had ripped it off and stopped being Sherlock Holmes of Baker Street, he had known he could never put it on again.
He was reaching for his phone to check his messages when it rang. The name on the screen made his blood go cold. A phone call from Sherlock was never good news.
The whole thing was preposterous and this man could not possibly have found his way to Sherlock’s email address without Mycroft’s involvement, damned the man. Still, the ridiculous case seemed like an escape route. He quickly booked a ticket to Stockholm and went to his room to pack his dress suit.
“And without you turning into a pillar of stone,” he added.
“You are not understanding me. I’m not …” Sherlock stopped, and started again. “I know grief. Why do you think …” He made another try. “The thought of life without you … I couldn’t bear it, John. I had to go. They would have killed you.” Sherlock was speaking faster and faster, gesticulating wildly. ”I had to find them and take them out, make sure that none of them ever got close to you. I couldn’t bear the thought of life without you. Don’t you see?”
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
Sherlock raised the other eyebrow.
John took another deep breath. This was so much worse than he had ever imagined. Sherlock really was a machine.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“Barts?” The sudden change of subject seemed to confuse John enough to forget the ill advised joke.
“I am not sure if you are aware, but Dr Watson has been missing work rather frequently lately and is using overnight babysitters on an average of 6.7 times per month.”
“I may be able to hack into Mycroft’s systems and recover the surveillance recordings.”
John scowled at him, hoping against hope that a stern look could stop the deduction.
“Apart from the scar tissue, no, I don’t think so. But I don’t make a habit of touching things with my back, so.”
As John’s mouth fell, he saw Sherlock’s eyes fly open in horror. Then his beautiful face started shutting all emotion out. It was unbearable.
“Yes. You had just become excited about it and I knew that you would be a wonderful father. It didn’t seem right that you should have Rosie taken away from you.”
“We locked ourselves in the handicap toilet and I took it out.”
“Fine. Let’s go to Barts.”
Sherlock remembered that he had claimed to want to return to his experiment, so he went to the kitchen and sat down at the microscope. Was there something that he could do to make John stay? Something he could say?
“You made it?” John’s thoughts were once more racing to keep up.
“Thanks.” John gripped his bags hard and decided not to hug Sherlock. “Take care,” he said and started walking.
“I’ll leave them on, then. To fend off nightmares.”
Sherlock realised to his dismay that he was starting to worry about what was being left unsaid, and was considering whether “thick enough to cut with a knife” would be an appropriate expression to describe the atmosphere. Great. He had now been reduced to contemplating idioms. He’d be babbling like an idiot next.
John was still able taste the cake on Sherlock’s lips, when Sherlock suddenly pulled back and drew a deep, shuddering breath. They couldn’t have been kissing for very long. Had Sherlock changed his mind already? John’s stomach swooped at the thought, but when Sherlock lunged at him again, the penny dropped and John started giggling into Sherlock’s mouth. “Did you forget to breathe?”
John felt a crooked smile pull at the corner of his mouth. “A strong possibility, then. Now, here’s what I don’t understand. Taking a risk, thinking that you will be able to outsmart your opponent, that I can understand. We do that all the time. But knowingly walking into the lion’s den without protection when you don’t have to. That is either incredibly stupid or incredibly reckless. Why do you do that? Why did you have to go after them?”
He was just trying to open his eyes again when he realised that he was leaning his knees against the edge of Sherlock’s seat, boxing him in. John’s eyes flew open and he was about to right himself, when he felt Sherlock’s fingers curl against the back of his knee, pulling him in closer. Sherlock was staring at John’s mouth, seemingly unaware of what his fingers were doing.
“No, sorry. I hope to have them for you this afternoon.” Molly hesitated. “Actually, I just had the most extraordinary call from Mycroft Holmes and I just had to tell someone.”
John stomped up the stairs, shame still burning his cheeks. It was one thing to be dumped. That had happened too many times to count. Not being up to scratch in bed was worse, but well, not everyone were compatible sexually. He could live with that. Anyway, most of the girls mentioned Sherlock rather than his performance as the reason for the breakup and he couldn’t fault them. Cases with Sherlock was better than sex, there was no way around it. Even if he would never admit that aloud to anyone.
John grinned back at him. “It’s Susy. And no. I can’t even remember what she looks like." He pushed his fingers back into Sherlock's hair.  "But I might send her a fruit cake for Christmas.”
“You made a Christmas tree for us!” Rosie beamed, completely uninterested in the finer points of the semantics and connotations of the word
“Yeah, right. And you’re not a psychopath.” Anger crept back into John’s voice.
He opened the door and was enveloped by warm air and the scent of Chinese food. He pushed off his shoes, hung up his jacket and walked into the kitchen. On the tiny table, Sherlock had set out plates and cutlery. On the counter, cartons of food were waiting.
“She broke up with you,” Sherlock said before looking up.
“I’m sorry she shot you Sherlock. I wish you would have told me, right then and there. I would have made sure that she never set eyes on you again.”
“I should bloody well think so! She had just shot you, of course it was a threat!” John couldn’t believe how Sherlock kept downplaying all threats to his own life. “Bloody hell, Sherlock! Why didn’t you tell me!”
John walked over and leaned in next to Sherlock, but immediately jumped backwards.“Sherlock! Are you insane!”
A strange look came over Sherlock’s face and with the tiniest movement, he licked his mouth, just a millimetre of tongue darting out and then disappearing again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s good, John. You don’t have to on my account, but I’m glad for your sake.”
Rosie took her job as Christmas tree assistant very seriously, carefully taking the ornaments from the boxes and handing them to Sherlock. She tried hanging one herself, but decided that she didn’t like getting her fingers pricked by the spruce needles.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock shut his mouth and looked at him with something that almost looked like kindness. “There’s Christmas cake in the kitchen.”
Sherlock flinched backwards. John realised that he was leaning across the little table and had raised his voice more than was appropriate. He leaned back in his chair and smiled apologetically at the other guests in the café.
“You’ve manipulated her into baking for us, and you didn’t even offer her a cup of tea in thanks. See, I can make deductions too.”
Sherlock ran up the stairs to the flat, hypersensitive to the sound of John’s feet behind him. Why was he here? Would he stay this time, or would he flit away as usual? Was he hoping for another case to keep the adrenaline going? Did he leave something behind that he wanted to pick up?
“Mycroft, I have a favour to ask.”
“I took chemistry too, you know. Aqua regia should never be used outside a fume hood!” John was going from angry to furious, fast. “My God, we just saw a man half dissolved on his own balcony from exploding aqua regia, and you want to use it IN THE KITCHEN!”
“After she shot you.” John was done tip toeing around this subject.
No toxic accidents tonight
dressed when the guest arrive tomorrow.”
Rosie immediately squealed and pointed excitedly, her nightmare all forgotten. She wriggled until Sherlock put her down and ran up to the tree, touching everything she could reach.
resistance to what he perceives as upper class attire will make him reluctant to give the tailor the time he needs to do the fitting properly. I was hoping that you could accompany him.”
He stubbed out his cigarette and sat down at the desk to think. This was the place where John once sat writing his ridiculous stories. If he could no longer mimic his own actions to invoke normality, he might as well mimic John. He reached for his laptop, put it on the desk in front of him and opened it. It whirred to life and showed him his email account.
“Any more scars?”
John walked over to Sherlock’s chair and did his best to loom over him. How did the man manage to be so tall even when sitting down? He thrust the cake towards Sherlock’s face. “Eat the cake.” The icing was starting to crumble under his fingers and small pieces of sugar and marzipan fell into Sherlock’s lap, dotting his blue silk dressing gown like white snow flakes.
stuff, I think I'll give that segment of this conversation a miss and focus instead on the wonderful gift of dead bodies, thank you.”
John eyed his left hand - perfectly steady as it caressed Sherlock’s in minute strokes. He thought back to the question posed by the man’s elder brother earlier; what was he doing? Was he really considering this - risking everything to pursue something more with this sad, misunderstood,
You'd think you had a thing for the firemen -J
Truly it was for the best, they were constantly teetering on the fine line between life and death, and it was better to take the next exit off that particular road to ruin before they reached a dead end - quite literally. Their apiary had been Sherlock's idea, a countryside haven of lavender, lilac, heather, and honey. John had discovered unprecedented green fingers when they'd arrived to the cottage and took great pleasure in tending the flowers and trees while Sherlock worked with the bees. A day never truly felt the same if he hadn't spent time in the flowerbeds or among the trees, glimpses of Sherlock flashing past him dressed all in white and net, the two of them coexisting with nature and each other, even after all this time.
Next he watched as Mycroft opened his gift and chuckled. It had taken Sherlock a while to decide what to get for his brother. They'd been enemies for so long that they hadn't actually exchanged gifts that weren't of the nicotine variety in over two and a half decades, and now that Sherlock had decided to forgive him for betraying most of his secrets to Moriarty, a sentimental gift seemed the perfect way to communicate the message. Mycroft was honestly close to tears as he stared down at the gift lying in his lap. Firstly, a bottle of Glenfiddich whiskey with a vintage that made Greg's eyes pop but Mycroft's heart soften, a long cherished memory of himself and Sherlock drinking themselves into a stupor beneath Father's desk just weeks before he'd told Sherlock he'd be gone away for the next year to places unknown and giggling all the while, neither one knowing just how expensive the bottle had been rising to the surface as he stared down at the exact same one. Secondly, a painstakingly rendered replica of a photo he had destroyed in a rage in his youth of himself and Sherlock, He around ten and Sherlock just three, sitting together with their little legs dangling, faces bright with smiles on an ornate throne all drawn and coloured until it looked like they could step right into it. Lastly, a pirates hat and a small note that read " I already have a first mate, but should you wish it, there is always room on our ship for you. We could use a cabin boy, and perhaps an uncle in the future. SH." It was wonderful and awful at the same time, because what had he done to deserve forgiveness for almost getting his brother killed by a madman? And yet he was forgiven, had been forgiven for all his failings, and welcomed back into Sherlock's life unconditionally. Not only his life, but the lives of any nieces or nephews that came from his union with John. He hadn't even thought that they were considering it, but clearly they were and wanted him to be there. It had been far too long since they had truly been brothers. "Thank you Sherlock." he mouthed at his brother who smiled kindly at him before returning to his own pile.
"Okay then. When you said estate you were really serious? Jesus..." John breathed, mouth open at the splendour that was the Holmes estate. "Peacocks? You can't seriously think that I'd believe you grew up here? It's a palace for petes sake!" John guffawed as the car began the descent of the avenue. Lined with trees, the avenue provided both security and decoration, it also added to the mysterious air about the place. Through the gaps in the trees you could just make out a fountain here, an ornate pillar there. Sir Faowler Holmes had done a splendid job. That was what all the gentry and other nobility said when they appeared for a ball or banquet when Sherlock was younger. How he despised the place. It's one redeeming feature was in the back, hidden away from everyone. Even Mycroft was yet to discover where on earth Sherlock used to hide as a youth. Perhaps he would show John later if things became unbearable.
“Do you know where you are and why you're here?” John asked tentatively, his mind racing. If Sherlock's lack of recognition extended from the moment of trauma to the recent past it was unlikely that he'd be able to answer the second part of that question with any degree of confidence. There was also a time game to be played. Every doctor knew that a coma patient waking up was likely to express some form of short term memory issue - be that a memory reset every few minutes or a chunk of missing time. God was he hoping that was what was happening here.
Prompt 35: Fuse
"Of course sir, consider it done. Would you like anything else?"
It arrived almost five days later, a wooden crate that looked, as per request, deceptively like it contained a live animal. That was why, when he signed for the package, John didn't dare open it, fearing whatever venomous creature would lie inside. That was exactly what Sherlock had hoped would happen because if he had have opened it, well firstly a dead cobra would have met him, but beneath that was a box and contained within that box were two items that Sherlock was very very pleased with. They were tailored to his exact specifications and he appreciated for once the power his brother had to do such things. When John left to do whatever it was he was doing, Sherlock opened the box. The black velvet box was cast to one side, he would inspect that in a minute. It was the other thing that he was interested in.
I’m sorry this took so long. It’s been just... a Lot. But I told myself I would finish this series no matter how long it took, and here I am. To anyone who read these and liked them and commented and bookmarked and just generally was here - Thank You. Looking back on them now, I’m proud of the growth each new story gave to me. Even the bad ones. This was something that meant a lot to me to do and I’ll always be proud that I did it. Sorry it took so long. All my love - S
“Doctor Watson?” A timid but familiar voice called to him and he was instantly awake, fully alert in milliseconds. Mary, the newest addition to the on call nursing team, smiled at him from the doorway.
It is late now, but Sherlock and John are standing just inside the room, cradling each other as they look through the glass of her hospital crib at her tiny, perfect, sleeping form.
Greg slid over to sit next to him and patted his shoulder. "Sherlock's done something stupid I take it?" John shook his head. "You don't want to know."
Lunch, in all it's extravagance went off without a hitch. To the general shock of the party, Holly pocketed her phone for the duration of the meal. "The study I think, for presents." Orabelle smiled languidly and everyone rose and made their way through the house following her lead. The study was cozily decorated with holly and mistletoe, and a reserved looking tree twinkled with lights in the corner. Greg sat first in the leather armchair next to the fire and patted his legs at Mycroft who blushed so minutely no one outside this room would ever have noticed. Trying to maintain his staunch exterior he strolled, hands in pockets, to Greg who was grinning widely and settled across his lap, legs dangling over one arm. "Cheeky" he whispered into Greg's ear as everyone else found a spot: John sitting on the couch with Sherlock sprawled across the floor between his knees, and Mummy and Holly opposite himself and Gregory on another couch. Each had a stack of presents, and the childlike glee on Orabelle's face was as unmistakable as it was contagious. "The simplest way to do this would be to put each person's gifts in front of them so if you would be so kind Holly as to do mine at the same time as yours, I'm suddenly feeling quite lethargic." There was movement then as Holly quickly made the rounds with John doing the same and both picking up gifts from Greg and Mycroft to shuttle back to the awaiting parties. John was honestly quite touched by the whole thing, he barely knew Holly and yet they had exchanged gifts like they were already family. "Shall we?" Orabelle asked with a cheeky grin and tore into the wrapping paper on her first gift.
“Let’s dispense with the pleasantries, shall we? Invalided army doctor, prefers to spend nights in not-so-comfy hospital chairs rather than back at your own apartment, albeit one you dislike at best; you have an elder brother who’s drinking his life away and, judging by your frown lines, still not entirely in control of your psychosomatic limp. No, don’t look at me like that, the limp is only gone now when you’re doing the night shift. Evidently you still miss the desert grit and violence. Now be a dear and run along like the rest of your incompetent team. While you’re at it, get me my release papers,” his patient shot back.
"No living family, recently returned from military service due to injury..." Sherlock was bent down, scrutinizing the body. "Poison was initial cause of death, administered through the tea that spilled on the ground by the door, marking on his wrists suggests postmortem binding, his shoulders are dislocated, also postmortem... Lestrade take of his jacket. You have gloves, take it off right now." Sherlock could see the glint of grains in his mouth. He had at least four ideas. Lestrade sighed and peeled away the jacket, stuffing it into an evidence bag. He recoiled when he saw the torso and John swore and turned away.
That's when John kissed him. Really kissed him, applying the years of experience he'd gotten into hopefully giving Sherlock everything he deserved from the (most likely) first real time anyone had ever kissed him. He went full pelt, licking his way into Sherlock's mouth and taking, taking every little keen and whine and trying harder, learning what really made Sherlock cry out and shake and pressing those buttons over and over until Sherlock was a mess and only then would he back off, light brushes of his lips against jaw or neck lulled him back to a more manageable level before John ramped up the heat again. "Dear God John, touch me, anything, please, 'm so close." Sherlock moaned into his mouth, begging for release. Looking at him like this, he was everyone's fantasy partner, eager, vocal, responsive, it was hard to believe he was a virgin, how could anyone not want him? Sherlock writhed on his lap, trying to get some elusive friction to finally send him over the edge. John dipped a hand into his pants and stroked him once, twice, marveled at the slick glide of his hand, clearly Sherlock really was enjoying himself, three, four and Sherlock was done with a bellow, spurting into John's hand and collapsing back onto the bed with a euphoric face. His eyes began to droop shortly after and his attempt to reciprocate was gently declined in favor of sleep. "Stay" he murmured as he drifted and John was more than happy to oblige, right after he cleaned his hand. As much as he might love him, there was a line.
Mycroft looked at all of them, his eyes sweeping over the different suits at the table. "Sherlock and I will provide suitable attire. We shall reconvene in 20 minutes by the stables." With that, The four of them took off up the stairs. Mummy smiled after they had gone. She knew they wouldn't be able to resist this perfect opportunity to show off. It was their nature after all.
"Morning Mrs Hudson, I'll have photos ready to show you later, need to upload them to the old laptop first, maybe you could come up later?" She tapped the use of her nose knowingly and John stuttered out a denial but Sherlock simply beamed at her and pulled him away.  He was more than a little surprised when, as they stood on the landing outside 221b John dropped the bags, pushed his knees out from under him and carried him bridal style across the threshold. John's laughter and Sherlock's embarrassment lasted for only a few moments though as they took in the sight that was their flat.
,’ John realised. ‘
The knowledge, paired with the overwhelming sensation, sent Holmes swooning, knees buckling beneath him as John caught carried him to the bed, laying him out so he would be comfortable before shedding that final layer and appearing nude before him. Sherlock stared at him with the intensity of focus he reserved for particularly intriguing cases, mouth agape as he processed the new anatomical information he was receiving on John. “Dear God,
John stepped into his space and looked up at Sherlock's face, blue eyes bright as he inhaled the scent of him, and Sherlock returned the favour, dragging his eyes up and down John's body from his ridiculous red shorts that matched the cuffs of his tshirt to the quiet intensity of his gaze when their eyes met, there was no need for words between them. The sound of John's shirt hitting the floor and seconds later Sherlock's joining it seemed out of place in the midst of the silence, but Sherlock couldn't deny that the result, a bare chest pressed against his while John held him close was worth the small distractions the sound of their clothes hitting the wood made. John kissed him like he couldn't imagine loving someone more perfect, slow and reverent in the knowledge that he had all the time in the world.
Sherlock wanted a lot of things. He wanted Mycroft to stop spying on him via cctv, wanted Lestrade to fire Anderson and Donovan preferably in front of him, wanted the criminals of London to be a bit more inventive, wanted Mrs. Hudson to accept that she was in fact his housekeeper. All of those he would sacrifice however if he could have one thing. John. It was an alien sensation for him he would admit but he definitely knew what it meant. John was perfect for him, and he was already there, living together meant he had seen him at his worst and also been there at his best.
That changed pretty quickly when he had seen the nursery Sherlock and John had created out of John's old bedroom in 221. There was love in every inch of it, the care taken to include soft edges on even the dark wood rocking chair that was nestled into the corner of the room next to a cot that lay beneath a mobile of the solar system. The room had been repainted a dove grey, with a gallery wall of empty picture frames, and one filled with an ultrasound scan adorning it. Already, there were soft toy bees and molecules, a blanket knitted in Mrs Hudson's signature style, and even a tiny deerstalker hat. Even the rugs on the floor were made from what felt like clouds, but what sealed the deal for Greg had to be the well thumbed books that lay strewn around the sitting room of 221B; Parenting books of every description, analysed to within an inch of breaking their spines.  This baby was already more loved than most of the people on Earth, and there would be nothing that Sherlock wouldn't d to make sure that he and John both knew exactly what they were signing up for.
A short (too short if you asked Lestrade, not short enough if you asked Sherlock, those helmets were hot as hell) moped ride later and they were in the heart of Venice itself, staring at canals and gondoliers in the hustle and bustle of the main square. The beautiful architecture of the city surrounded them on all sides, and John couldn't help but photograph them all on bridges and statues, walking and laughing as they explored the city and bought ridiculous souvenirs of masks that wouldn't have looked out of place in a child's dress up box, eating in authentic Italian restaurants and relaxing as a they were swept and serenaded  along the river in gondolas. That was all before the night life of Venice even awoke, drawing them in with hypnotic rhythm and a siren's call to dance, the pulse and throb of music racing through bodies as they crowded the  square,  all glistening in the moonlit plaza.
“I'm not at liberty to tell you but I could drop him a note to pop in when he has a minute to spare. That enough to keep you here for at least a day more?”
when he considered that John’s mark, the portion of it that he had managed to see at least, matched his own birthdate. For once he understood the mindframe of the general populace. In this scenario, part of him was convinced that ignorance was bliss.
A few issues arose in Sherlock's mind as he contemplated the actual reality of marriage. The first was his lack of religion, John believed in a God of some sort, after all he had asked them to save his life in Afghanistan. He supposed that it wouldn't matter to him where they got married, even if that meant going to a church or if they ended up in a registry office. John probably wouldn't mind either, he was easy going about most things so this should not be any different. Of course this would mean meeting John's family which he did not look forward to in the slightest. The prospect of having to try and impress them was not exactly tantalizing. People didn't like him, he didn't like people and that was all fine. John's family however would eventually become his extended family and being on bad terms with them would not make John very happy (even if his own relationship with his family was strained). Probably best not to meet his grandparents either if they were still alive if their reaction to Harry was anything to go by. Not that their opinions would sway his decision to ask at the very least. Then again John might not want his family to meet Sherlock, in fairness he wasn't exactly the type of person you bring home to your parents. It seemed lucky now in hindsight that Mummy had made them stay with her for a weekend, at least that was out of the way, she completely approved and even liked John. There was no way he could keep this a secret from Mycroft, but he could be trusted to keep a secret, he was made of secrets after all. It would be better to tell him than to wait for his lackeys to say something, they had only really repaired their tenuous relationship recently and jeopardizing that was not the best idea.
Pushing past people in his race to get home, back to Sherlock and whatever it was that was pulling him so furiously across the city, John couldn’t decide what he was hoping to find when he got there. If Sherlock was in danger, and needed his help, that would be a bit Not Good, but if it was nothing and he was being completely insane, that wouldn’t be great either. Still, he couldn’t deny the relief he felt as he turned onto Baker Street.
"I don't know why we did, but it's pretty fucking fantastic." John beamed as their Holmes' climbed into a small jet.
“What a cruel place this is to find the one you’re meant to spend the rest of your life with, only to have him slip through your fingers, yeah?”
and sobbed.
"Are you okay?" Sherlock asked, swallowing nervously. John knew what he meant. "I thought for a while there that I wasn't going to make it" Sherlock nodded. "So did I." John pulled him closer. "Yeah, well while I was thinking that I realised something else. I thought I wouldn't get a chance to tell you, you probably know already, but I just think you should hear it from me. I love you Sherlock." John said, confident. He didn't blush or giggle, simply smiled up at the man he loved. "I love you too John."
lot, then pinched himself, then stepped back a bit, all the while Sherlock just stood there, trembling a little bit. When John pulled back his fist God he expected to be punched in the face and told to get the hell out, but John's fist uncurled as it reached his face and he brushed his curls away from his eyes carefully and he just breathed Sherlock's name before he kissed him and I swear the noise Sherlock made was something I didn't actually know was possible, it was like a groan and a sigh and a yelp all mixed together when he just melted into him... I could have cried when John said "I meant to tell you on the phone that I loved you but I can do it now." They saved each other's lives both literally and figuratively over and over. Sherlock smiles now, real smiles. Some people don't even notice it but I do, the way their hands are always touching now, and they're happy just to see the other. They don't come much cuter than those two." Molly concluded and Lily yawned.
Clara, Johnny. My affairs, few though they are, are in order and you know what? I'm happy. I have you both back at my side. That's why I'm going today. This afternoon in fact. I'll spend a day in the alps and then go to the hospital and then they'll bury me there in the snow. No negations. I'm going. If it makes it easier you can always imagine that I'm just living in Switzerland now." Harry was sure, that much was clear to both John and Clara. Once that woman made up her mind there was no stopping her from going through with her plans. Even in death, Harry Watson was going to be stubborn.
His coat, his scarf, too conspicuous and they reminded him of John, cases. Must have been sentiment but he did not want to taint those memories with this. Instead he slunk carefully into John's room and pulled on one of his rattiest old jumpers, one he never wore in Sherlock's presence and likely hadn't worn for years. His scent was not laced into the fabric. Perfect for this purpose, to conceal the small sack of cocaine he would acquire. London was dark and foreboding, holding it's breath, moving in slow motion through a vacuum. He hugged his arms closer to himself, moving blithely through the shadows. The cast iron door embedded into the crippled brickwork hid the seedy truth of his past. The highs and ecstasies, crashing lows, unpleasant deeds and abuse all lay waiting behind the door. Three sharp raps in quick succession and a purple eye appeared at the glass eye piece as the bolt was slid open. The leathery face wrinkled up into a leacherous smile. Before the man could say anything obvious Sherlock cut across him. He simply held out his hand. The small bag dropped in his palm, the feeling so intrinsically familiar, a perfect gram. Sherlock thrust some cash into the eager hands and turned, fleeing on his heels back to Baker street.
John felt a jab in his side and looked up to find the others were already out of the car and waiting for him. Cheeks lightly coloured he clambered out and followed on behind the two of them. Every hospital felt the same to him, and sitting in yet another bloody waiting room was becoming a monthly activity. At least this was a comfort zone for him, Sherlock was shifting in his seat and making intense eye contact with the door. John rubbed his leg absentmindedly, noting with no small amount of pride that Sherlock relaxed after only a few minutes of it. Of course it was much easier to be calm when you weren't even looking at the various stares and glares you're receiving from women in varied states of pregnancy.
A soft knock at the door and he welcomed his first of the day, a small boy and his mother, no, nanny? Yes, she loved the boy, clearly, but she was impatient, not holding him but his hand though he was evidently ill, she looked more bothered than worried. Sherlock was rubbing off on him it seemed. "Hello there I'm , what seems to be the problem?" The nanny sat the boy down with a soothing pat on the head as he clutched his stomach and sniffled quietly into a worn bear. "He was fine when I arrived this morning to mind him" John silently congratulated himself "and then he threw up some bile. I think he has a fever but the family don't seem to keep anything of use around, no thermometer, no calpol... When he started to shake I decided to bring him here." John nodded and walked across to the boy who was indeed trembling a little in his tiny clothes. "Would you mind awfully if I asked you to sit up on the big bed over there and do a few things for me?" If John wasn't mistaken he could have sworn that the child looked terrified at the prospect. "What's your name, huh? You remind me of a friend of mine actually." and he did, with his dark curls and pale (greenish) skin, he was a dead ringer for a certain detective he was knew. "Callum" the boy called as he clambered awkwardly onto the examination table. "Well Callum, I'm just going to take your temperature, try and find out what's making you feel ill alright? This goes in your ear for a while so we can chat until it beeps ok?" Callum played with his sleeves and didn't reply, his nanny wasn't even paying attention, engrossed in her phone by the door.
"I would have warned you about that but it was inevitable." John shrugged and looked into the kitchen where a tall man was throwing something into a pan. "Not ready yet, perfect! We can have a chat while we're waiting then. Come on" he opened a sliding door and stepped out into the forest, sitting on a boulder a few metres from the door. Sherlock followed and sat opposite him, fully aware of what this chat was in aid of. "So. Clearly we need to eh... Discuss? I don't know your feelings about 'The Rest' so I want you to tell me, truthfully, how you feel about kids, for us I mean, not in general." John swallowed hard and waited. He wasn't even sure what way he wanted this to go. Sherlock looked nervous, probably for the first time in the time John had known him and that was terrifying in itself. "I... Our lives are not exactly safe, there's criminals and chemicals and body parts and murder and that's all part of our everyday life. I play the violin at three in the morning and snap at people almost constantly. I get easily frustrated with people for not recognising what to me is obvious, but not with children. They're open and eager to learn, they have an actual interest in what I do and how I do it, they like me because I treat them like they're grown ups but none of my cousins have to live with me for a prolonged period of time. I don't know if I would be enough for a child, the only experience of childhood I had was brief and unpleasant and I wouldn't inflict it on a child just because they were mine, it wouldn't be fair to put them through it. Aside from anything else we are out almost constantly and a child, no matter how brilliant, should not be left alone. I wouldn't be a good father John." Sherlock dropped his eyes and fiddled with the cuff of his shirt, avoiding John's gaze. "Sherlock" John breathed and he looked up. "You haven't answered the question properly, Do you want us to have children?" he asked softly. "Yes, even though I shouldn't." Sherlock whispered, feeling nauseous. He shouldn't want them, he would mess just as his father had with him and Mycroft and they would hate him for it, he hated himself for wanting them anyway. Before he knew it John was around him and he breathed in the tea and biscuit smell that was John. "You'll be a great father Sherlock, when the time comes, you will be great. I'll be right there with you, and we'll raise them together. When the time comes." John mused into his curls and stroked his back, comforting him for feeling like he would ruin a child. "We don't have to worry about it now, as long as we both know that yes children are 'on the table' as Mummy so eloquently put it." Sherlock chuckled into his jumper. "Lunch is ready boys and we have so much to talk about! How do you feel about lilies?" Mrs Hudson called to them from the door. Sherlock stood and dusted himself of and John smiled. When the time comes, Sherlock thought, he will be a great father.
For what?- G
"This." John breathed it into the scant space between their mouths and then, with one last look into his eyes, closed the distance and kissed him. The inhuman noise that wrenched from Sherlock's throat as lips, warm and wanting, met his own was almost a sob, and before he thought about what he was doing he was clutching John to him, hands scrabbling for purchase at his back, and they were suddenly pressed together from head to toe.
Sherlock raised his eyes to focus on the doctor's face. He took the chance to map out the frown lines on John's forehead, the crinkles at the corners of his eyes. In the dim lighting of the room, Sherlock could read everything about John and yet still not make sense of the man before him.
Becoming an army doctor AND fully-trained combatant was just the next logical step to make. The adrenaline and near constant determination to keep his fellow soldiers and himself alive was what kept him moving forward. One bone-shattering sniper bullet to the shoulder later, and he was back in London on a meagre pension. Yes, working the graveyard shift provided the adrenaline but it was nowhere near the stinging burn of the sun on his bare neck and the deafening volley of machine gun bullets all around him.
After all, Sherlock was confident he would have remembered getting a boyfriend.
Sherlock stared at his brother, uncomprehending.
"John" he mumbled against lips that were warm and soft on his own.
Sherlock had all but collapsed on the spot and was out cold before John had finished speaking. It was at that point that John had opened the fridge and found the assortment of decaying fingers on a plate. He had gone to throw a blanket over Sherlock's gangly limbs and was muttering, asking if Sherlock did his experiments just to annoy him. And Sherlock had responded. "Not to annoy you... Don't want to... Get so bored... Do something wrong... Make you leave" John had been astounded and waved a hand in front of Sherlock's face but the man was truly out cold.
“The game is up Mr. Ricoletti. We both know that you're responsible for Emilia's death. Running, no matter how fast, isn't going to change that.” Sherlock called to him, daintily sliding forwards using the rain slicked surface as a means of moving further across the bridge without taking an obvious step.
His mother was the first to go. No note, not even a goodbye, and she was up and gone one random morning. John wasn't sure if his mother ever loved he and his sister like he thought she did, if it was that quick for her to abandon them. By that point of time, Harry had already been a lost cause, caught dabbling in underage drinking. She would be gone from home days at a time, leaving John to bear the brunt of his father's frustrated, drunken antics.
As silently as he could, Sherlock opened his bedroom door and crept out, stealing glances around the flat as he tiptoed towards the front door. Unfortunately, lying in his path was a very familiar man. Bruised and battered beyond belief, John was laying fully nude on his back, displaying the destruction of his body that Sherlock had carried out. Eyes shut, it wasn't unfeasible to think him dead, but for the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest. Bile rose in Sherlock's throat as he saw a little river of blood dryed on the skin of John's thighs, and he turned quickly, flying to the bin to empty his stomach into it.
"Tell me again why we're going to a club?" John called from the bathroom, voice muffled by toothpaste. "It's the scene of the crime. Obvious." John chuckled to himself and mimicked Sherlock's lofty "Obvious" silently in the mirror before heading back to his room. It had been a while since he had been near a club, not after Harry of all people had told him it was better to stay away. They hadn't been his scene since was young and now that he was older the appeal hadn't changed. In fact he felt a little bit ridiculous. Probably a British thing he concluded, pulling on his black suit pants and the only non-checked shirt he owned, a light blue that high lighted his muscular torso. John slipped a pair of black loafers on and strolled to the kitchen, tucking his gun carefully into the deep pockets of his coat as he passed."Sherlock? When did you say we have to be there?" Warm breath blew across his neck and John knew Sherlock had done the whole silent movement act just because he liked terrifying John. "Around now would be good" John growled before turning around.
“Sherlock, I… what are you doing here?” He asked softly, aware of how intimate this was, the two of them standing only metres apart, separated by shelves and darkness. He swallowed roughly, praying that the other man would say something, anything.
John strolled over, maintaining enough distance between them that Holmes could keep his expression for himself, but close enough to be heard even if he spoke at a whisper. “Well, I think all those things of you, and I’m told, by you, often enough, that I should speak my mind, so I endeavor to do so. That is
"Maybe a thank you blog post. I don't think the paper industry could hack the number of thank you cards we would need" John mused, staring at the bag full of wrapping and envelopes he'd had to grab after five minutes because the place had looked like a small hurricane had torn through.
-  finished with a click of his tongue.
THE END
"Which bit?"
him because they were kissing at midnight if he had to kill someone. (Well maybe not that far but, the sentiment was there.)
John gently placed the last camper on the ground and watched as they scattered out towards the main body of the campsite and well away from the rope obstacles. Which, he supposed, was fair enough given that they'd spent a night tangled in it. To be fair,it was a bit funny to think of them being stuck, and when he'd come to free them he'd had to take a second behind a tree to compose himself before stepping into view.
and John was a
Sherlock snapped to full attention, his mind supplying him with facts about the soulmate mark that he had grudgingly picked up along the years and threw aside as useless. Yes, he was aware that the mark simply represented the birth date of your intended, but what was the possibility of seeing his birth month
After the divorce Greg was left a good portion of their money and possessions but he had to concede the house. When Mycroft had realised that he was living in a small flat, he had essentially moved him into his house within the hour. Greg didn't remember being given a choice in the matter but he was glad to be there. It was good to be able to see him whenever he was around and to say goodbye before either of them left. Plus Greg enjoyed being able to contribute something to his life.
The chant began. John suddenly took the lead, spinning Sherlock out.
Little snippets of evidence of something whirled around the mind palace, fighting for his attention, fighting to form a coherent stream of thought. Somehow, John Watson had known him, had known to call Lestrade when he awoke and, not, presumably, Mycroft who was listed as his next of kin, and had yet to show his face. He had seemed relieved to hear Sherlock’s incorrect deduction about his sister, like he had heard it all before, and yet when Sherlock had broached other personal topics he had become more standoffish.
If anyone out there is still uncertain on how the soulmate mark works in our version, here's the basic idea: Everyone has a set of random/jumbled numbers on the inside of their arm. However the person's soulmate won't see this same sequence, instead they see their own birth date. So in this case, if Sherlock were to see his own mark, it'd say (e.g) "457221" but John, if he were to see Sherlock's arm, sees "070781" (yes I know the last 2 numbers are weird like that bc we're in the 21st century and date format blahblah but let's just ignore it yeah lol) instead. Thus, being the physician who was there when Sherlock was admitted at the start of our fic, it would be of no use to know Sherlock's birthdate to see if they are soulmates, because, he can't see Sherlock's date on his arm, he'll only just see a random sequence. Sherlock alone can verify the fact.
7th of July, 1981.
Sherlock shook his head, smirking. "Oh John, I told you; you see but you don't observe. Every time you came into the room I wondered if you would hear my heart beating. At least my worry was warranted, I didn't have a string of women hanging off my arm." John had a sudden realisation. "The violin! I used to come home from dates and listen to you play from the stairs. That was all... Because of me?" The sad nod made his whole body hurt. "I, I had no idea! Jesus Sherlock I was only going out with them to distract myself from thinking of you!" Sherlock's eyes lit up at that and his heart wrenching smile was nearly too much for John to bear. He leaned over the table, pushing his bowl to the side and kissed Sherlock, flicking his tongue out, exploring his lower lip. Sherlock growled and John continued, putting slight pressure on the line of Sherlock's lips, cajoling them apart for his tongue to explore. Their tongues collided with slow, greedy movements. God he was delicious.
“Hello, brother dear,” Mycroft said and stood up to improve his voice control.
Finally, he looked up to meet John’s eyes. Once again, John felt pinned in place, caught in the laser beam of Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock frowned in confusion. John leaned forward and kissed his furrowed brow away.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John hummed to himself. There could be a number of reasons for that, many of them psychological. But now was not the time to open up that discussion. “Any numbness?”
“Oh, Molly! Hi!” Lestrade sounded both surprised and pleased. “How are you today? Are the stiffs behaving?”
Rosie only cried harder and hid her face in her hands. Right. He kept forgetting that logic did not work that well on children.
“You have to get rid of those” he said lightly, with a stiff smile. “Mrs Hudson will have a fit.”
Sherlock looked up, alarmed. He had obviously understood what John meant.
A chill came over John. He emptied his whisky and closed his eyes for a moment. “Since that night in the lab?”
Sherlock hesitated and looked John over quickly, as if he was deducing how John would react. At first, John thought Sherlock would refuse to reply, but then his mouth made a complicated motion. “I dream of Mary,” he said lightly and looked to the side.
Out of habit, he scrolled through the messages from desperate family members, distraught business owners and bested collectors. Unexpectedly, a plea for help caught his eye. A person loosely associated with the Swedish royal court had stumbled upon evidence of a conspiracy to falsely implicate one high ranking literary figure in a scandal during this year’s Nobel Prize party on December 10. Due to some complicated and far reaching earlier scandal in the royal literary academy, which required far too many pages of explanations which Sherlock didn’t bother reading, the man did not dare bring forth his evidence to the authorities or to the lady in question. Apparently the situation was too volatile. He seemed to think Swedish society as a whole would collapse unless the entire business was kept completely under wraps. Therefore, he implored Sherlock to come to his aid and save not only the lady but the entire world of academia from irreparable damage.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
If John was truly honest with himself, he did know precisely why he had stayed away from Sherlock. Mary. Funny, bubbly, feisty Mary was perfect for him, and perfect for manipulating him. While she was alive, he had never noticed how well she had played him. After she died, he had been too consumed with grief and guilt to care. But now that the fog was slowly lifting from his memories of her, he was starting to realise how insidious and mean she had been. She was funny, but most of the time, he was the butt of her jokes. She was bubbly, but her version of bubbly meant that she never took any problem seriously -- unless it was her own. And feisty was not really the right word to describe the single minded focus of a trained killer who shot people in the chest when they got in the way. John pushed himself out of the soft sofa bed and padded into the little kitchen to put the coffee on. Being reminded of Sherlock being shot always made his skin crawl.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Hall
Since that soldier
“Never mind.”
“John?”
A puff of warm breath brushed over John’s hand, tickling the small hairs on his fingers. Somehow, the tingle travelled all the way up to John’s neck and down his spine. He felt shaky, like his legs were unsteady and his head light. Maybe he did need his dinner.
“I tried to focus, you know, just get the job done so we could get to sleep? But the more he tried, the more I kept thinking about Christmas cake. In the end, I had to imagine eating one just so I could get off. Best orgasm of this relationship, let me tell you!”
Sherlock pressed his mouth into a thin line.
Rosie didn’t seem to hear him, so he tightened his grip on her, picked her up and carried her down the stairs to the living room, which was dark except for the light from a small lamp in the window. She clung to him like a little monkey, hiccuping into his shirt.
John reeled. He was being sent home, like a naughty child. “Alright. Well, thank you.” He cast around for something to say. “Train again?”
Rosie flipped over on her stomach, flailing her arms. He sat down on the chair next to the bed and put his hand on her back, stroking slowly. Her body was so tiny he could almost cover her entire back with his hand. Sometimes stroking like this was enough. The touch woke her up from her nightmare, but the caress soothed her so that she fell back asleep without stirring. Somehow, it always seemed to soothe Sherlock as well.
They entered the flat and hung up their coats. John looked around, feeling nervous for the first time tonight.
(See the end of the chapter for
A puff of warm breath brushed over John’s hand, tickling the small hairs on his fingers. Somehow, the tingle travelled all the way up to John’s neck and down his spine. He felt shaky, like his legs were unsteady and his head light. Maybe he did need his dinner.
Introducing Mary Morstan into John Watson’s life had been a bit of a gamble, but he had wanted to give Sherlock the opportunity to build a proper life for himself when he returned to London after his years abroad, not fall back in with Dr Watson and return to their ridiculous crime solving escapades. The plan had worked admirably — until Mary had gone rogue and shot Sherlock, that is. And managed to convince him, posthumously, to sink deeper into drugs than he had ever managed on his own.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“More,” Sherlock said, his voice gruff.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade. I hope I am not disturbing you.”
“You are making small talk again,” John said over his shoulder.
“What?”
“Are there any more?” He needed to know.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“She’s not my housekeeper.”
“On her own? I never knew. What happened?”
A longer version, but not entirely up to date, in this article in The Guardian from July 2018: https://www.theguardian.com/news/2018/jul/17/the-ugly-scandal-that-cancelled-the-nobel-prize-in-literature
“Alright,” Molly heard herself say. It did sound like a truly awkward way to spend a lunch hour, both for herself and for poor John Watson, but she couldn’t say no to the opportunity to reassure herself that John actually was going to meet Sherlock, that he truly was alright. Molly couldn’t shake the feeling of doom that had washed over her when she first heard Mycroft’s voice. The phone call was too similar to her dream conversations with him.
However terrible the situation, it did give a unique opportunity in that they could both be the biological parents of a child, kind of, if he agreed to do this. Hadn't they just spoken about all of this a few months ago? "You'll be a great father Sherlock, when the time comes you'll be great. I'll be right there with you and we'll raise them together." John had said. "John?" he asked timidly, unsure of himself yet again, but he put all that he wanted to say into the name, how he was terrified that this was a bad decision, his self hatred for even thinking about children at all, his confusion at the logistics of this, his patience that they didn't have to use them yet, and finally his resolve, his want and his hope that John wanted too. "Sherlock?" John breathed as he took the phone from John's grasp. "We'll be there in half an hour Clara. It will be nice to meet you." Sherlock hung up and slid out if bed, pulling on his clothes as he went. John was still staring at him in awe. "Come along John, you need to visit Harry and I apparently have an appointment with some very irritating lab rats." John shook his head and began to dress "We're really doing this aren't we? You know what Sherlock?" John asked as he tugged his jumper over his head and walked over to Sherlock in the bathroom. "Most likely but do tell" he responded with a smirk and John batted his arm. "You're bloody brilliant and I'm bloody lucky" Sherlock turned and gathered John into his arms, planting a soft kiss in his hair. He was scared for Harry, and for Sherlock doing this, but he wanted it too. "We both are love, we both are."
John’s fingers seemed to have a will of their own as well, because John watched with fascination as they pulled off a piece of dark brown cake, carefully pinching it to avoid dropping the icing. His fingers brought the piece to Sherlock’s mouth. For a moment he could feel the smooth, slick inside of Sherlock’s lips on the tips of his fingers as he closed his mouth around the cake.
Pulling out teeth really was the perfect metaphor for this conversation. Sherlock did not give up anything voluntarily. But he didn’t seem averse to answering questions, so John decided to keep asking. “What do you dream about?”
There was a chasm opening inside of John and he was falling right down into the darkness.
Sherlock pressed his mouth into a thin line.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
Sherlock watched him disappear down the stairs before slowly descending himself. He had ruined it. They had had a moment of something, some connection beyond anger and absence, and he had to go and ruin it.
“It’s nothing.” John returned to staring, but this time he seemed to take care to stare at anything but the whisky glass.
Sherlock smiled. It was a small, private smile, and John realised how long it had been since he had seen Sherlock look happy.
“On the roof of Barts, Moriarty told me that he had snipers ready to take you out. You, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade were dead, unless I killed myself.
John grabbed gloves from the cupboard, put them on and carefully folded his hands around Sherlock’s, removing them from the bottle. John’s hands felt oddly inhuman through two pairs of gloves.
The cake smelled divine: sweet, dark, heady and with a sharp scent of citrus. John’s mouth watered and he bit down into the soft, moist crumbs. Belatedly, he realised that he had put his mouth right where Sherlock’s had just been. It seemed impossible that he should be able to taste Sherlock in the cake, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that he had.
This time, it was Sherlock who reeled. He stepped backwards, as if physically hit by John’s words, tugging wildly at his hair and said “No. No. John. No.”
Sherlock had hoped to isolate himself in the borrowed flat for a while, but the news had travelled fast of his involvement in the Nobel case, or The Case of the Embroidered Hem as John was planning on calling it on his blog. While John travelled back to London, he had been besieged by a never ending stream of requests from the Stockholm intelligentia, who offered dull cases concerning scandals and professional reputations, and from the Swedish upper classes, who offered insultingly easy cases of lost property and inheritance fraud. He would have turned off his phone if he hadn’t been hoping that John would call again. Or maybe text.
The coffee machine started gurgling and John went back to the sofa to snuggle under the covers, turning the telly on for company while he waited. To his surprise, instead of the morning news there was a choir singing. They were all dressed in long white dresses and had candles in their hands. In front of the choir was a woman with a crown full of candles, their flames dancing around her head. The other women were wearing wreaths in their hair and the men had large pointy hats without brims. The whole thing was very odd and completely mesmerizing.
“Certainly. But I’ll get you an ibuprofen instead, sir. Aspirin is not good for your stomach.”
Heady aroma filled John’s mouth and his eyes slid shut. The earthy taste notes of the dried fruit and the — was it rum? — balanced the sugary sweetness perfectly. John felt his knees sag as he swallowed. He really couldn’t be expected to remain fully upright with something so delicious in his mouth.
John seemed to be stalling as well, pulling his gloves off one finger at the time. He was clenching his hand to try and stop it from shaking.
“Certainly, sir.”
John ghosted his fingers over the worst of the scars. “Do they hurt?”
“Removed how?” he heard himself ask.
“Yes. Fine. She broke up with me. I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
Stunned, Mycroft wondered what more he didn’t know about Sherlock’s summers in France. He had always doubted the wisdom of staying in Cambridge to study over summer when Sherlock was at such an impressionable age, but he had been young and ambitious, and Sherlock had not yet shown his self-destructive tendencies.
This is it, Molly thought helplessly. It really is happening.
The metal tray clanged as it fell to the floor and the instruments she had been gathering skittered all over the mortuary floor. Sighing, Molly picked them up, put them on the desk and went in search of coffee. She needed caffeine if she was going to be able to do her job.
“There is reason to everything I do, John.”
Sherlock kept rubbing Rosie’s back, but it didn’t seem to be working tonight. With a scream, she sat up, tears falling down her face. Sherlock bent down and wrapped her into his arms.
“How will I ever be able to live up to your standards, John.”
John pulled his hands away from Sherlock’s, walked over to the side table and took a long drink from his whisky, hoping to figure out another way to interpret that statement. He couldn’t find one, but there had to be one. He had to ask, if he could just find his voice. After putting the glass carefully back on the side table, he leaned forward with his hands on the back of the chair and breathed deeply for a moment.
John circled them gently with his hands. “What are these?” he asked, even though he knew the answer already.
John pushed down the jealousy. There was no reason to be upset just because he was offered the same treatment as Irene Adler. “Thanks, I will.” He started walking again, but realised suddenly what Sherlock might have meant. He stopped and turned around. “You too. Text me, or call me.”
“His infatuation with Molly is making him so happy that he says yes to almost anything if it gives him an excuse to spend extra time with her. We should take advantage of that while it lasts.”
A ghost of a smile danced around the corner of John’s mouth. “And you are not a hero.”
“Thank you.” Sherlock pushed his chin down and looked up at John through the fringe of his curls.
Half an hour later, he was leaning against the window sill in the living room, smoking a cigarette and giving up. It was odd, it happening like this, on a cold December night without any real event causing his defeat. He was done. He had kept going in the same direction for as long as he could remember and now, suddenly, he had come to the end of this road and simply had to concede it was not possible to go one step further. London was no longer his playground, it was his prison. Baker Street was no longer his refuge, but a museum of his failures. The dust he wouldn’t let Mrs Hudson clean up had turned everything grey and stale.
You -SH
It took John a full minute to think this through before he spoke. “I saw his soulmate mark. In his elbow. And..and it had my birthday on it.”
As soon as John had started walking in his direction, Mr Holmes’ eyes had locked on him, a piercing gaze that felt like it was looking to the very core of him. It was a bit disconcerting, but John soldiered on and came to a stop at the end of the bed.
Mycroft was getting just a slight bit out of hand now. Fine, so the case was incredibly simple to figure out but that didn't give anyone the right to force him to do anything. He had been quite enjoying himself on skype to John, sitting naked at first and watching as John's eyes had widened and sharpened and he had blushed but smiled a lot too until Lestrade began to stride over and it was the fastest Sherlock had ever put a sheet around himself. This was an ingenious idea, having John tramp about the place while he sat at home waiting until the chase. Plus this way he could really ignore the boring ones because he'd never actually go to one again. But noooo Mycroft couldn't just leave them alone. Tosser Sherlock's mind supplied as he sat in the helicopter wearing only a sheet. The two guards that were with him had high security clearance and reeked of monarchy which had puzzled him for all of a millisecond when he realised the direction they were headed. Buckingham palace indeed. This could be very interesting.
He had to leave and do the job himself, besides, what was there keeping him here? Sherlock looked around the sparse room with a softer gaze than he would usually have allowed himself; over there John had given him his phone, he'd sat in that chair, run his hands over Sherlock's forehead on that pillow. Tiny moments that Sherlock would never forget, but probably with little meaning for the good doctor. No, he resolved, leaving was the best thing for all of them. He'd be able to get back to The Work and John could go on with his other patients as if Sherlock, and whatever it was that he had done to upset him, had never existed.
"I'm sorry a what?!" John yelled, nearly choking on his tea. Sherlock sighed, he did so hate repeating himself. "A sex tape John. If we want to infiltrate this company and prove that they're trafficking these women we have to have a portfolio, therefore a sex tape." John swallowed his remaining tea and rubbed his eyes in exasperation. "I understand that bit. Why, though, do we have to make one together?"
Still, when Irene closed the door behind herself and left him alone with a total stranger he knew next to nothing about, well he wished he'd had more than a minute to collect himself. "So. When are you planning on telling your friends that you're enlisting?" The first words out of his mouth and John was stunned.
In the brief times he does sleep, crying out the name Seb. It's usually followed by some things I'll never repeat. In one sense I am his first, in the respect that this Seb person was evil. I can't tell you what he did Greg but... From what I can tell he was evil."John said it all quietly, in a tone that those who didn't know him would mistake for calm. Greg knew fury when he saw it and it took a lot to make John look that way. Greg didn't doubt that given the opportunity John would not hesitate to kill that man, slowly and painfully to boot. He had never known John to hate without reason to."I don't know exactly what happened obviously but, if you heard him. I won't ask him about it anyway, none of my business." John had the ghost of a smile on his face as he said that and Lestrade continued stirring. "I'd ignore this Sebastian myself, If he was bad news, he doesn't deserve to be recognized. Now strain that would you?"
John out. Which he had, but while Sherlock knew that he had folded like a sheet of paper after a single well placed surprise blow, John had clearly put up more of a fight; the split lip and puffy eye he was sporting as he lay on the ground a few meters away a testament to that fact.
Again, Sherlock cut across him, but this time he simply sounded tired, like even the act of breathing was a strain on him. “J-, I… Look, could you just get out of the way? I need to leave.”
Sherlock swayed them softly across the dancefloor, deftly avoiding other couples as they danced, and John smiled as he heard Sherlock beginning to sing along with the music for him. "Stars shining bright above you" his voice rumbled in his chest and against John's face "Night breezes seem to whisper I love you, birds singin' in the sycamore tree... dream a little dream of me." After everything they'd been through getting to this day, torture and fear, cases and crises, fights and falling outs, deaths and declarations, finally they were exactly where they were supposed to be, together, till death do us part.
Curious.
The drive home was subdued, it had been a long day and the conversation in the garden had given Sherlock a lot to think about. He stroked John's hair absent mindedly when his head lolled onto his shoulder as they drove and Mrs Hudson simply smiled affectionately at her boys. If the two had slipped into a light doze en route she was not going to wake them, not without getting a photo first. Sherlock was sleeping a lot more frequently now that John was sleeping next to him and she sent up a little silent prayer of thanks for their having found one another, the connection they had sparked since day one was something to be truly cherished. She hoped they realised how lucky they had gotten in finding their perfect other half.
"Want to sit down Mycroft?" he asked, bringing Mycroft back to reality. John was soaked already and so was the grass but Mycroft surprised even himself by sitting next to John against the stone. Carefully he balanced his umbrella so the three of them were under it's protection. "John I am truly sorry for everything. This was my fault, and mine alone." Mycroft said into the night, hearing rather than seeing the bottle tilt into John's mouth. "Yeah, it is. You had the chance to stop Moriarty but you didn't, you gave him everything he needed instead. But, Sherlock fell of his own volition and as much as I wish I could just blame you, there's enough to share between the three of us don't you think?" John asked seriously, shivering at the burn of the whiskey in his throat. Mycroft raised an eyebrow "Three of us?" he frowned, he could see his own responsibility, Sherlock's too, but John? What had he done that had lead to this? "He thought no one cared about him Mycroft. I called him a machine, one of the last things I said to him before he died reaffirmed a life time of conditioning to hate himself, and I, I was supposed to be his friend but I let him down. That's on me." John shook his head slowly and closed his eyes "It seems mad that he could see just about everything except how I felt about him."
"What, like get Katie to break up with Andy and get with John? Because I thought I saw Katie and Coop earlier getting all friendly so the chances of us pulling that off are pretty slim."
“Doctor Watson,” he greeted.
I do not!
Sherlock had risen to eat last night and that was it, he slept like the dead until John woke him the next morning to get the taxi to the airport. Boarding the plane, Sherlock was like a sleepy toddler, shepherded by John through the airport and into their seats on a private plane, where, like a child, he curled up and slept, taking John's hand in his own while unconscious. John's thumb ran across his knuckles, soothing, as the plane brought them ever closer to respite.
Prompt 21: Weak at the knees
The party had died down a few hours ago, with only Sherlock and John, still entwined on the balcony, awake to see the sun as it rose. John's kisses were softer now, and Sherlock knew why. He had to go, pack his things and fly across the world to a warzone from which he may nother return. His stomach felt as if it had fallen out of his body. It was ridiculous he knew, they had only just met after all, but he felt about John as he had never felt about anyone else. He didn't want to lose him. John leaned his head on Sherlock's shoulder and wrapped his arms around his torso. "If I had met you a year ago... I don't think I would be leaving right now" he murmured into his shirt. "I wish you weren't leaving." Sherlock said honestly, because he did. He did wish that John didn't have to go, that he could stay and they could see what this was, what it could be. John reached across and pulled out his phone, shoving it into Sherlock's hands. "Put your number in, and your address. If I can't see you at least I can talk to you right?" He sounded hopeful, he was entirely serious. He wanted to hear from Sherlock. "Of course, I would like that, if we could keep in contact while you're gone. When do you get leave?" John laughed "Haven't even left yet and you're looking for leave! After nine months probably and then again in a year after that, then another six months and my tour is over" That was over two years. Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock was an enigma, a puzzle that John would spend his entire life trying to solve. Sarah was safety and comfort, a family. And John honestly didn't know which one he wanted more. His future with Sherlock was uncertain, a myriad of narrow escapes and sprinting around London, giggling at crime scenes and writing his blog. Until one day the escape was too narrow, or there wasn't an escape at all. Maybe one day they wouldn't get away by the skin of their teeth, and one would be left all alone again. Or in a distinctly darker future of arguments and storm outs, one would come home to find the other dead by their own hands, needle plunged into pale flesh or gun tilted into an open mouth. Sherlock was a black hole, and John was terrified that he wanted to be pulled in, more so when he realised that there was no u turn if he did. He must be a masochist, staying with Sherlock this whole time, inches away from him in the flat, pressed up against him in small spaces watching criminals. He could feel it, himself dying. It was slow, so slow he would have dismissed it as nothing had it not been himself. If he knew anything at all he knew himself and what was happening was going to kill him, tear him apart limb from limb until there was nothing left but the hollow man he'd deserted after three little words in a dark morgue "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
John shrugged with a half smile. “I mean, I would prefer if you maybe hadn't done it but I understand why you did so, yeah, OK. Maybe I can help you out in some way- what do you think would be a good solution? Keeping in mind that you do have to stay until the 26th at least. I could have you moved to a private room if you like?”
“Nice to see you both at the same time again, it's been far too long since we've been able to have Christmas the way we used to. I find I'm quite looking forward to enjoying all our old traditions again.” His eyes crinkled up as he smiled gently at Sherlock, “three just isn't the same.”  Sherlock attempted to smile weakly back at him, well aware of the fact that it was he and no one else that was to blame for the distance that had lingered between them for the last five years.
Quietly he walked towards the supply cupboard, wincing at the intermittent squeak of his shoes on the polished floors. However, either Sherlock hadn't heard him, or he wasn't going to run away, because before he knew it John's hand was on the door handle.
Sitting in the cab, Sherlock amused himself by twirling his phone in his hands while they had stopped at a traffic light and stared out the window, deducing the people crossing the road. The journey to Scotland Yard was one he had made hundreds of times from all across the city.
John's blood was a fire, magma raging through his veins as his wandering hands reached skin, blemished with reminders of dangers they had faced, and all the more beautiful for them. With Sherlock's deft violinist's fingers traveled down the buttons of his waistcoat, quaking as they went, John knew that he would rip the sun from the very sky if Sherlock but asked, and that was the fact of the matter.  "Anything, Sherlock, anything." He kissed it into Sherlock's throat, tasting the salt-sweat and charcoal of their day, finally putting a name to that light, almost floral scent that followed Sherlock on days they had spent at home - lavender oil dripped onto his neck, and maybe other areas John would joyously explore.
Sherlock panted and grasped at the arms of the chair, rapturous in his pleasure as John took him in hand, teeth nipping at ears and neck followed swiftly by his tongue, eyes locked on what his hand was doing like he was seeing the heavens open before him (John was sure that he was), and all but growling words into his skin.
like him to find his soulmate in the bloody A&E? He’d been drawn to Sherlock from that first moment, but what the hell was he supposed to do with the knowledge that they might be (probably were) soulmates?
The houses got further and further apart until there were none around and only acres and acres of golden fields to be seen. When Sherlock made a surprise turn into one, John finally understood why they had a land rover as opposed to something less ostentatious. The dirt track was just that, a dirt track, and it led through the fields of wheat and occasionally sunflowers into a looming copse of trees, a small but dense looking forest at the end of the stretch. Joh said nothing, allowing the afternoon sun to shine on his face through the window and Sherlock to have his grand reveal. The trees offered some shade and as John finally got his eyes readjusted to the darkness they were out of it again, back into the blazing sun, made all the more bright by the limestone courtyard in front of the house.
"Might as well order again, I know what she'll get anyway. Do you want another?" John asked, pushing himself up and heading towards the queue. "Surprise me" Sherlock smirked and John rolled his eyes fondly before heading to the back of the line. In that moment the staff door creaked open, and a woman that was unmistakably Harriet Watson emerged. Somewhat shorter than her brother, Harry's blue eyes and sandy blonde locks were the image of John's, although the similarities between them ended there. Despite her short stature Harry was rather slender, her face all sharp angles and harsh lines. Her eyes lit up in recognition when she saw Sherlock and began striding over as John made his way back to the table with their drinks in hand. "Johnny!" she exclaimed, although the tilt of apprehension in her voice did not go unnoticed by Sherlock, she waited for John to free his hands and swept him into a hug. "Alright Harry?" he smiled shyly as Harry ruffled his hair with a smile "Never better Johnny." John sat next to Sherlock and gestured for her to sit opposite before turning to Sherlock "Harry meet Sherlock Holmes, my fiancé. Sherlock , this is Harry my older sister." Sherlock swept his eyes over her and pursed his lips, extending a hand to her "Enchanté Harry" he purred, John subtly took his hand under the table, silent gratitude for the company manners he was attempting to employ. Harry stared at John incredulously "You should have mentioned that on the phone, do you just talk to him in French all the time to hear his voice sound like that?" Sherlock jerked minutely in surprise as Harry gripped his hand and shook it briefly. John smirked "Actually no, he didn't know I spoke French until just now funnily enough" he giggled and Sherlock gave his hand a squeeze, evidently they were going to talk about that later.
“Not really? How do you mean?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Not knowing what Sherlock was thinking was something he was quite used to, but it was also something he was very fed up with. Talking had never been John’s strong point, but if he was serious about making changes in his life, he supposed this was one more area where he needed to make an effort. He took down a second cup and poured more coffee, one more for himself and one for Sherlock. Then he walked over to the bedroom door and knocked, holding the cups precariously in one hand.
Well, that did not go as expected. Time for a tactical retreat. “Your protest has been duly noted, Detective Inspector. Thank you for your time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I thought
John stared at Sherlock.
Short version of the scandal in the Swedish Academy can be found here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swedish_Academy#2018_controversies
“Yes. And Moriarty was the only one who could call them off, so when he shot himself in the head, there was no other way out. I had to make them believe that I was dead, and then take out everyone who could have known about the order.”
“Thank you.” Sherlock pushed his chin down and looked up at John through the fringe of his curls.
John stared at the closed door, the room spinning around him. What had just happened here? Did Sherlock not want to go back to London, or did he not want to spend time with John any more? Or was there some new threat that Sherlock was fleeing from, keeping John in the dark as usual?
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
I check my pulse
The clock blinks 4:03 on his night stand when Sherlock springs awake from the nightmare. He never used to have them, not even during those awful years and months and days away, when he was dead. He didn’t dream about falling, not about killing, not about being (almost) killed. They didn’t start until he came home.
The door was yanked back and Sherlock stood before him, tall and impassive. “I have booked train tickets back to London for you. The first leg of the trip is the night train from Stockholm tonight. I managed to find a first class sleeping car, so you’ll have your own bathroom on the train.”
It came over him, that he couldn’t stand another night sitting in his chair, watching Sherlock read or think or play without stopping for food or drink, worrying about when the man had eaten last, watching the the angles of his cheekbones grow sharper. Hands shaking, John snatched the kitchen drawer open and pulled out a knife. He cut a wedge of the moist, dark, sticky cake, grabbed it and walked back out into the living room. “Here. Eat.”
“So you are staying in Stockholm, then?” John ventured. This talking thing was as painful as pulling out teeth, but if this was the last day John got to spend with Sherlock, he couldn’t let everything remain unsaid, like he had so many times before.
He decided to sound hesitant, but amenable. “I’ll see what I can do.”
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
John smiled and put his finger to his lips to show that he understood.
“Yes,” he smiled at her. “Well, I didn’t actually make the tree, it grew in the forest and then someone cut it down and I bought it. And I didn’t make the ornaments either --”
Sherlock looked up, trying not to jostle Rosie. He kept on humming,  nodding meaningfully towards Rosie.
One more soul left behind
“Text me if you have a nightmare.”
“Yes, I know. I’m going to make Mycroft do something about that.”
“No,” John whispered.
Here's the link to my latest ask for prompts:
“Did you even eat lunch today? Or have you been letting her feed you sweets instead?”
Mycroft stopped himself from replying immediately. This was worrying. Why did Sherlock want him to take care of John? Was he planning on disappearing again? Had he already begun the slide into drug use that would eventually kill him, and he knew there was no turning back?
“No, scratch that.” Sherlock studied him. “She was planning to break up with you, but you found out beforehand. In some embarrassing way.”
Finally, it is complete! It has been a whirlwind to write one chapter a day. It has been lots of fun and very good for my productivity, but if I ever participate in an advent challenge again, I will make certain to write all the chapters before I start posting. Writing so close to deadline was quite tricky to do during Christmas preparations. Also, it has meant that my wonderful beta Wetislandinthenorthatlantic has not been able to read all chapters before I posted them. I am certain the lack of her help and guidance is noticeable, and I beg forgiveness for any errors. In particular, I seem to have developed an unhealthy relationship with the word "that" for some reason! :-D
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes large in his pale face. ‘
“Yes, if you would be so kind. A car will be waiting for you at 11:45 to take you to Ainsworth’s, and it will take you back to work afterwards. There will be lunch sandwich and a drink for you in the car.  If you wish, the driver can arrange for a coffee for the drive back. You will not be able to take coffee at the tailor’s, unfortunately. Mr Ainsworth is very particular about food and drink in his shop, but this dedication to precision and quality is what makes him such an excellent tailor.”
“I’m sorry?” John’s brain felt like concrete. What was Sherlock saying?
Tomorrow, there will be a short epilogue. Merry Christmas, everyone!
A moment later, John realised that Sherlock hadn’t leaned forward. He was just sitting there, stubbornly waiting for John to feed him. John’s pulse went up again. Fine. He’d feed him. But as he moved the cake towards Sherlock’s mouth, a strange jitter of nerves came over him. What were they doing?
A few moments later, Rosie’s eyes were closed and she had started snoring softly. Sherlock carried her back to her room, humming all the way to make the transition less noticeable. He bent over her bed and placed her gently on the mattress, slowly removing his arms and pulling the blankets up to her neck. Then he tiptoed out and pulled the door almost closed behind him.
“Three and a half,” Lestrade interrupted.
“No it’s true! First he talked about the Christmas cakes of his childhood all through dinner, and then he lay there petting me like I was a wrapped present he wasn’t supposed to open until Christmas morning.”
They will make me a mortal
“He wants me to babysit John Watson at the tailor.”
Molly yawned as she opened the door to the mortuary. It had been awhile since the nightmare disturbed her sleep, but last night she had woken up in the small hours of the night and had not been able to get back to sleep until after five. Her alarm clock rang at 6:15, so she was now both sleep deprived and stuck in the wrong part of a sleep cycle.
“She broke up with you,” Sherlock said before looking up.
John smiled and poured the whisky.
Later, when afternoon had turned into evening, John stumbled up the stairs to the flat. Walking on slippery streets in the dark had made the muscles in his legs and back go stiff, and his toes were icy cold.
The Christmas cake was untouched, which made the anger claw in John’s chest again. “You haven’t even tasted the cake!” he roared.
“I was wondering if I might impose on your working day. There is a delicate matter that I cannot handle myself. I would much appreciate if you were able to be of assistance during your lunch hour.”
John stomped harder on the creaking steps to erase the image of their horrified faces from his mind. He had turned around and left, expecting Susy to come after him. As he had walked through the door, he had shot a glance over his shoulder. Susy hadn’t been running after him, apologising. She had been looking down, shaking with repressed laughter, trying to keep her face in control until he left the pub. He had let the door slam behind him. Another roar of laughter slipped through the crack before the door closed shut.
Never to be filled
He had to admit that when John asked to join him in Stockholm, he had hoped that John’s arrival would heal whatever wounds were festering underneath his skin, the way John’s presence had done back when they first met. It soon became apparent that this was not to be. There were too many layers of assumptions between them, too many misunderstandings and miscommunications. And Sherlock could no longer hold up his end of the bargain, to deliver adventure, deductions, and enough danger to get John’s adrenaline going. He had once done this without effort, but these days it was just too exhausting. He had given it one more try for John’s sake, but it was useless. He had been useless. He had been forced to admit defeat.
Mary opened the larger of the two boxes and handed the chain to John. He smiled at it, spreading it out in his palm so he could reason the words on the dog tags. Sherlock Watson Holmes, his blood type and date of birth were all emblazoned in the metal. On the back, just because he could, it read property of John Watson Holmes. In truth John had thought that choosing a last name for them was a bit forward but it sounded like it was supposed to be that way, it sounded right. "These are perfect Mary, exactly what I wanted" he beamed and she beamed back, happy that they had done well. "Will we take a look at the ring then?" John nodded, praying that the resize had gone well. He'd had to measure Sherlock's finger while he was asleep to get it just right. Mary opened the box and spun it around for him to see inside. He'd chosen white gold, Sherlock was so pale that gold would have looked strange, white gold was mysterious and glowed with an ethereal quality which had drawn John to it in the first place. The ring itself was a plait almost of three thin strands of white gold with tiny diamonds embedded in the gaps, nearly hidden from view except in the light of the sun or moon. Despite looking delicate and breakable it was actually one of the sturdiest rings available, something that would definitely be a plus for Sherlock. "Thank you so much Mary, I don't know what I'd have done without you" Mary blushed slightly at the praise and shrugged "It was nothing honestly, I'm glad you like it. Will I bag them for you or do you want to just put them in your pocket, you know, plausible deniability at least if he looks." John smirked, she had read his blog, had told him so when he first came to the shop. It was pretty surreal to meet someone who had read it and liked it. "Pockets for me I think, even if the bag didn't have the brand on it he'd deduce it from the handles or something" They giggled quietly and John pocketed the boxes. "It was great to meet you, I'll be back for a wedding ring hopefully" John joked as they strolled to the door and Mary chuckled "You better be mister, I'm not taking no for an answer" and John waved his goodbye before setting off home.
"Let me do this." He murmurs into the hollow of Sherlock's throat and Sherlock let's his head droop to rest on John's shoulder, surrendering himself fully. With all the care he applies to everything he does for Sherlock, John lifts him slowly, following Sherlock's hips with his own gentle thrust, taking both of their pleasures into his capable hands. He has to readjust his own position only twice before he starts to hit Sherlock's prostate on every thrust, their gentle pressure building up to, Sherlock knows, an orgasm unlike any he's ever experienced and it's all down to John and just how much he loves him and always will love him, a fact that Sherlock is reminded of when John's hand slithers between them and beings to stroke in time with his thrusts and Sherlock can feel their rings pulling him closer and closer to the edge.
"Shhh love. It's alright. I've got you, you hear me? I've got you." John whispers, kissing every part of him he could reach with their bodies as close as they are, running his hands down his back, his sides, his thighs and stopping at his hips, holding him.
Prompt 25: Guarantee
Now now now now now now now now now now. Sherlock's senses were screaming at him, dragging him down, demanding satisfaction, release. The only type of release he had ever known. John had been gone for two weeks now, he had left in a fit of anger and not returned since. Mrs. Hudson was also away, in the company of her ailing sister who was destined to die within the month. Sherlock was alone in Baker street, but he had been alone for much longer than that. His whole life had been one long tangent of being alone, finding someone who could perhaps be a friend and then burning that bridge. First Mycroft, now his John... Sherlock curled in tighter, hugging his knees against his chest as he had done for so many years, the position almost second nature, his muscle memory had not forgotten even after all this time the comfort the stillness had once offered him. Not anymore. Comfort was John and lumpy jumpers and the smell of tea and a crooked grin and a pat on the arm and an inappropriate giggle. Tonight comfort was absent, it had been for 12.5 nights now.
The train journey was a quiet one, by some miracle they had a carriage to themselves, and they entertained each other with shared memories of their adventures, Sherlock quick to correct if anything was even slightly off, John content to listen to every tangent the detective went on no matter the relevance. The train (their second of the day) pulled to a stop at the Baker Street station and the two men disembarked, John pulling his coat tighter as the evening was markedly colder than he had thought it would be. Perhaps it was just his imagination.
“Sherlock, we don't want to--” Mummy began but then trailed off, which was unlike her. Clearing his throat, Father took up the baton.
That changed pretty quickly when he had seen the nursery Sherlock and John had created out of John's old bedroom in 221. There was love in every inch of it, the care taken to include soft edges on even the dark wood rocking chair that was nestled into the corner of the room next to a cot that lay beneath a mobile of the solar system. The room had been repainted a dove grey, with a gallery wall of empty picture frames, and one filled with an ultrasound scan adorning it. Already, there were soft toy bees and molecules, a blanket knitted in Mrs Hudson's signature style, and even a tiny deerstalker hat. Even the rugs on the floor were made from what felt like clouds, but what sealed the deal for Greg had to be the well thumbed books that lay strewn around the sitting room of 221B; Parenting books of every description, analysed to within an inch of breaking their spines. This baby was already more loved than most of the people on Earth, and there would be nothing that Sherlock wouldn't d to make sure that he and John both knew exactly what they were signing up for.
Then, remembering Sherlock's posh undertones and the crisp three piece suit this Mr Holmes was currently donning, he didn't have to think hard to conclude on the Holmes family’s apparent wealth.
“Look at this. Look at them all, lying there utterly placid. I can't-” He let out a frustrated groan and his hands migrated to his hair, pulling at it fiercely. John winced for him as he continued. “I can't take it! My mind is like an engine spinning out of control without anything to fuel it, I'm so bored I may actually resort to murdering someone
A young couple stared at the bizarre scene unfolding before them from afar.
“No, no, everything’s great.. it’s just.. You remember the kid from the other day, Sherlock Holmes, the one who OD’ed?”
John sighed. “I know.”
, the logical part of him remarked quietly,
While John had been prepared for a huff of some sort at his brother's arrival, Sherlock merely giggled and hiccuped slightly, gesturing to John to lean in as he had something to say. John, ever obliging and undeniably curious, leaned his ear down to Sherlock's mouth. Still giggling he whispered into the offered ear, hot breath blowing against it. "Guess what John? *hiccup* I know something you don't" John raised his brow "You always do Sherlock" Sherlock shook his head "No no no no, this is good, you'll want to know this." John smiled accommodatingly at his partner and leaned closer, until they were cheek to cheek "Alright then tell me" he muttered and Sherlock smiled, he could feel it. "Lestrade, and Mycroft, have" a most immasculine giggle erupted from Sherlock "they fancy each other, but Mycroft thinks Lestrade is straight and Lestrade thinks Mycroft wouldn't be interested in him in a million years! Mycroft has fancied him for years, and now Lestrade is looking for an opportunity to let him know that he wants to snog him every time he sees him" John gaped at him, wondering if either man knew how oddly similar to John and Sherlock they were. "Seriously!?" Sherlock nodded vigorously. "Also Mrs Hudson has taken a liking to Angelo and Molly was recently asked on a date by detective inspector Dimmock." John moved back and turned to watch the friends they had invited (they hadn't invited anyone) as they interacted and tried to be a bit more observant. There by the window was Mycroft, staring rather openly at Lestrade as he laughed with Molly and dragged her over to talk to him, cheeks just minutely flushing as he shook Mycroft's hand. Beside them almost were Angelo and Mrs Hudson, wrapped deeply in conversation about cooking.
for him, enough that he was seriously considering the idea of telling him that they, as far as John could tell, were soulmates.
Mycroft woke up with the rather disgusting sensation of having a furry rodent lodged between his teeth. Not to mention the odd feeling that he'd fallen asleep somewhere other than where he'd woken up, tucked snugly away in his room in Mummy's. "Gregory?"
"I don't know about you, but I'm in it for the sex." John winked at him and Greg nodded along playfully even as the hurried to catch up to the others.
John stared as those cat-like eyes scanned the room through the small window before focusing on his. Both sets of eyebrows raised in recognition, and just as John stood up and was about to head towards the door, he was stopped by a gentle hand on his elbow and pulled to face Mary.
"I didn't say that, although a woman did have a part to play, oh yes." Frowning, Watson puzzled over the implications of what Holmes was saying and only succeeded in tying himself in knots. Holmes sighed.
Resilience was one of John's more useful traits and thanks to it he was fully functional again after a few days in bed. At his check up the doctor had been totally baffled by the speed of it, his ribs were healed entirely, the holes sealed up and scarring nicely. Even the brand on his shoulder had become just that- a brand. No blisters left and there was no sign of infection, Sherlock had been diligent in making sure John was cleaning and bandaging it every day. He still had not seen the blackened words himself, but that was mote self preservation than anything else. Seeing everything, connecting the dots, it wasn't something he would enjoy doing with this wound. He didn't really want to know the time it had taken to burn the flesh, which letters had the flame behind them for the longest, where it had been pressed in and pulled off. He had been waiting for it to be healed sufficiently that seeing it would be ok. Doctor Stapleton removed her stethescope and shrugged. "Alright Dr Watson you're healthy as a horse! Keep disinfecting your shoulder for another few days and you'll be in the clear infection wise. I hope I don't see you again too soon" She smiled kindly at him and wandered off, waving absent mindedly to him as she went.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft rubbed the bridge of his nose. “What is the point of being home for Christmas if you’re not even going be spending time with Mummy and Father?”
is to say that I love you" and he pushed Sherlock back onto the bed. It was a great deal of luck that ensured Greg Lestrade never heard a peep, though the neighbours had banged on the wall repeatedly, the cadence of Sherlock's moans and shouts just didn't reach the upstairs room, and if they had, he was dead to the world anyway.
John awoke in a dark room, the sound of dripping water tethered him to reality once again. He tried to move, but he could only struggle slightly against the belts that held his limbs in place. The fabric against his skin was very much familiar. He tried to raise his head but found that was impossible. He could however just barely see himself in the mirrored ceiling. The army uniform. Of course. Tiny red lights pulsated from various points around the room and John could tell instantly that they were cameras. A door creaked open and he tensed, preparing for what was coming. The clack of steel wheels on stone flooring caught his attention. As Sebastian wheeled the trolley of implements around so he could see them John wondered if he'd be as susceptible to torture as everyone else was. They had been briefed on it in the army of course but that would mean Sebastian knew what he would expect, what he would be doing to cope and how to get around that. He had had this nightmare before.
The way John reacted to certain things (like Sherlock's hands on his neck and face) and the taste of his mouth (a fresh mint) and the way it felt to have him so close, finally. They stood for a long time like that, John pinned by Sherlock's arms and Sherlock glued to John by his coat. John was the one to break away.
“Extraordinary as always, Sherlock. Tell me, do you have any… gaps in your memory? Any period of time in the last month or so that you can no longer recall?” They were silent as Sherlock considered this for a moment or two.
Graphic scenes of violence ahead
Prompt 16: Trousers
Sherlock grimaced as his mother made a beeline for them and grabbed John's hand. "Hello mummy, this is John, John this is my mother Constance Holmes" Mrs Holmes surveyed him with piercing eyes and nodded vaguely. "Yes you'll do quite nicely. I think I might like you Dr. John Watson, after all you did convince my son to attend. Speaking of attending Sherlock you know you must dance with your aunt Isabella, she does get so offended if you don't. Come along, John will be fine I dare say" John smiled reassuringly and patted Sherlock's hand as he was dragged away.
