Peter didn't reply anything to that for a while, just staring out at the dark sky, the rush of the waves was the only noise Wade could hear.
"We perfected the procedure. It'll only take a week. Two at most. Then you'll get him back. He'll be neutralized, he won't be a risk anymore and you can continue his recovery where you left off.", Fury said and Wade wanted to smash the screen.
"No! You're not, you're good, it's me...",MJ quickly exclaimed before her voice suddenly broke off. She seemed to need a moment to gather herself so Peter waited. Once she started to speak again she avoided Peter's eyes. "I- I have kissed guys in the past but I never felt anything and I thought maybe I just didn't like them? But I really like you and I thought maybe-"
Steve had served as much food as possible like everytime they ate and Peter insisted that it wasn't necessary before basically apologizing for his existence, it was a quite depressing ordeal.
"Peter and James Parker. Do they have a backstory? I suppose they need one, if anyone asks. ", Peter explained and Bucky was glad that that's what Peter had been thinking about.
"Tony...?", Steve repeated and this time his voice broke. It was enough to alert Tony. The other man quickly looked around, worried eyes meeting Steve's. Peter really did look like him, now that Steve didn't try to deny it anymore.
"I like to draw people in moments of crisis.", she said with a grin that was neither happy nor bitter. Maybe it was smugness.
This had been their first real lead. The moment they heard that the jet was located Tony, Steve and Wade didn't waste a second to get their asses there. But now that they were looking at it, Wade almost wished that they hadn't come.
He couldn't even remember the woman he supposedly impregnated. That didn't have to mean anything though. Tony's drinking habits were less than stellar at the time.
"Because I'm fine. And Peter is...", he seemed to struggle to find the words for a moment. "...I know it doesn't always look like it but Peter is a fighter. He wants to live, I know it. He can get there. It will be hard but he can get there." Bucky didn't sounds doubtful at all, he said those things like they were fact and Wade envied him for a moment.
"Shit. Liar.", he stated, each word punctuated. He shook his head and pointed ahead. "Eyes on the road." Bucky listened to him. They drove like this for a while, in silence, but at least Peter stayed present. He started to rummage through the glove compartment until he pulled out a stack of Cds. "Are these Tony's?", he asked as he looked at each one.
"I try to.", he replied honestly, because he did. Peter wanted to be okay, so badly. Nothing seemed to work, though. "Sometimes I feel like Bucky doesn't believe it either. Not fully, not always. Some days it feels like he's just reciting lines, things he should be saying.", Peter confessed.
"If- when you say sticking to all surfaces,  you mean...", Tony asked with wide eyes. Peter pushed back his chair, got up and proceeded to jump to the ceiling where he then started to crawl around on all fours as if he was a character in a horror movie.
sign up to have me as a son and I don't expect you to be my dad. It's as easy as that. ", there wasn't any emotion in his voice. No resentment, no pain, no disappointment. He sounded resigned. It made Tony sick.
"Come on, sit down.", Bucky said, tapping the space on the hood beside him. It didn't sound like an order, more like an invitation. Like there was a question mark at the end of that sentence. So Peter agreed and sat down beside Bucky but with enough space between them to keep things manageable. As if Bucky could sense Peter's discomfort about their closeness, he immediately placed a backpack firmly between them before starting to take out food. Several bottles of soda, sandwiches, fruit. He stacked it all between them.
"No, you goof. I ment the length!", he snapped back before dropping his hands back to his sides. "Thank you, Wade." It was one of these rare open moments where Peter didn't try to conceal anything and everytime it happened Wade yearned for more.
Bucky always sort of distanced himself when the two were together, letting them interact uninterrupted while he observed it.
"Because you deserve to be comfortable. And if anything bothers you, whatever it is, you should tell us. We'll take care of it.", Tony explained, desperately trying to keep the quiver out of his voice.
They were all waiting for a reply from Peter but he seemed to have checked out somewhere during the exchange. When he didn't say anything for a while Wade already thought that he wasn't listening after all. Now it looked like it, too. The way he was just staring at the floor, eyes hazy and unseeing didn't exactly spell 'attentive listener'.
"Tada!", Bucky called out with a hesitant smile on his face. He held his arms out open wide like he was presenting their surroundings to Peter. "Do you like it?", he asked, a tone of uncertainty in his voice. Like he was anxious that Peter wouldn't be a fan.
"Nah, I used to be with special forces back in the day.", Wade replied and suddenly all the previous tension was gone. This topic was okay,  apparently. Peter tried to keep that in mind.
Nat wasn't impressed by that, she rarely was by anything. She just cocked her head to one side, her expression still not faltering. "My secrets are in the past, they can't hurt anyone anymore, yours are in the present."
"Hey, good morning. Did you sleep alright?", he asked, sitting up. Gwen regarded him for a moment before nodding slowly.
. Peter seemed to have humor which was great news, it's usually the first thing you lose, unless you're mental of course, like Wade.
"What-? Why?", Peter stammered. How the fuck did Tony figure this out before even Peter did? Was he that obvious?!
"Yes it is. If you told Wade that you wanted to be with him he'd say yes in a heart beat. Not to say that you should, if you don't feel ready.", Tony stated and Peter was stunted by how matter of fact it sounded. Like there was no doubt in Tony's mind.
"You mean Gwen?" Even though he didn't outright state it, yet, Wade could tell that Peter blamed himself for whatever happened to his friend, he recognized guilt when he saw it.
Night terrors haunted him, so vivid and clear that he sometimes doubted that his life with Tony was his real one, that any of this was true. The dreams were familiar, often they were memories twisted by his overactive mind into something even more terrifying than the truth.
"Now you sound like a conspiracy theorist. They couldn't have planned this. Wade killed all of their people in that facility.", Tony said.
"You didn't believe me before, did you? What I told you about me, you didn't believe it.", Bucky realized.
"Okay, I'm like 97.8 % sure that that was HYDRA and in a few seconds they'll be here and I need you to stay behind me and -", Peter didn't hear the rest of that sentence because in that moment all hell broke loose.
"Peter?" Tony's voice was careful, cautious, like he was afraid to break Peter. How predictable. He thought he could hide, put up a brave front but Peter knew that he was made of glass. Fragile and see-through.
He returned his attention to the man at his feet, cowering pathetically. "You shouldn't have come here.", Peter stated, his voice as sharp as a knife.
"What if he did the treatment - ", Tony started and Wade already hated the sound of that. "But he'd stay with us, we'd bring him to you every day but take him home again once he's done for the day." It was a compromise, one that Wade didn't like, but it was better than what they had right now.
"She's dead.",his voice was toneless, for a second he didn't recognize it himself. Peter focused back onto Tony, waiting for him to lash out, to demand details, to do something. Tony held his intense glare before letting out a deep sigh and nodding slowly.
Still, he kept up the mantra but after a while it felt almost like he was taunting himself. 'Still won't break'? Who was he kidding? He was a
Peter stood in front of Wade, Tony and Steve, his face empty of any emotion, while Tony couldn't stop his face from expressing exactly what he was feeling. Guilt and pain, thinly concealed. "Peter, I'm sorr-", he started but Peter had made it clear that he wasn't interested in apologies.
Even though she knew all of that, even though it broke her heart to think of young Peter, tortured and experimented on and programmed like she had been, Natasha was professionally paranoid. She had to be in her line of work and there was something gnawing at the back of her mind. It was ugly and disgusting but persistent.
"What? Do you expect me to make it all sunshine and rainbows? What kind of person would I be, if that was how I grew up? I sure as fuck hope I wouldn't have ended up this way.",Peter spat, his words dripping of venom. He glared out the window, his fingers pressed down on the last remains of the scar on his wrist but only for a moment before he stopped himself and clenched his hands into fists instead. "I wouldn't know how to pretend to be a normal person. Better give some reasons for me to be fucked up.", he added and the venom had drained from his voice. Now he just seemed tired. Bucky knew that feeling all too intimately. Peter's emotions were still exhausting him.
"Slow down, one, that's confidential and two, Peter is incapacitated right now.", Gwen replied, not batting an eyelid.
"Peter, I know that you don't want me here-", Natasha started, maintaining a calm tone but Tony wasn't having it.
He didn't know where he was, he didn't even know if he still existed, he was nowhere, he was nothing.
Peter let out a huff and rolled with his eyes. Then he stared at the sky again. "Maybe not yet. But that doesn't change that I'm afraid of you all growing tired of me. That doesn't change that I'd always force myself to behave, so that I won't disappoint you. I know you're all well-meaning but I don't have the energy for that right now." He wrapped his arms around himself, holding himself together. "I just don't want to be Peter Stark right now." He sounded pained and defeated. And
"Yes, this is about Gwen.", Peter nodded before reaching up and rubbing his eyes with the balls of his hands. "I- I don't know how to help her. In some ways she's still the girl I grew up with and in others... ", he lowered his hands, took a drag of his cigarette, the embers were illuminating his face. "Like today. I feel like I don't know her at all. I look at her and I have no fucking clue who that is."
Wade had never seen the expression she made before. At least not on Death. It was the same expression Vanessa had worn when the doctor told them that Wade had terminal cancer. She looked ruined. Death didn't feel those kinds of emotions, though, right?
That's when Tony came back with a stack of clothes. "I've got some clothes from Pep here, they might be a bit big but it's the best we've got until we get you some new stuff. ", he said carefully, handing the clothes to Gwen.
Sorry for fucking dying for a month, I don't even know what to tell you. But I'm back and I'm on vacation so I should have a lot of time to write some more.
"Nothing.", Bucky replied, too quickly. He looked back at the street, pretended that he hadn't stared. Peter didn't fall for it.
"Calm down. We didn't do anything. She's just detained for now.", Natasha replied, crossing her arms, seemingly unmoved by Peter's comments.
Peter wasn't convinced, not completely. Bucky could tell by the way he worried at his lip and clenched his fists until his knuckles turned white. He was considering it, though. Maybe this could work. And after a few more minutes Peter finally looked up again. "Okay...", he whispered. "I'll talk to them." Relief washed over Bucky like a wave and he let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding.
"Wade! What the fuck was that?!", Stark exclaimed but Wade didn't really listen or care. He stared up into the sky, the sun was already setting. Did Peter see this when he died? He always loved the sky. Wade thought back to the first night at the motel when Peter opened up to him by the swimming pool under the night sky. He hoped that Peter got to see the sky and the stars a last time. He hoped that Peter hadn't been in pain, that he hadn't been scared in his last moments. He hoped that he could find peace now, wherever he was, wherever Wade couldn't reach him.
"Asleep. Where's Steve?" Peter hadn't seen his father's boyfriend anywhere in the mansion while he was ghosting through the hallways.
"I won't push you. But you know you can tell me.", Peter said before separating himself from Wade, rolling back onto his back. Wade tried to ignore the empty space that Peter left, the sudden void.
"No... don't...", his voice was barely above a whisper but enough to alert Wade. He glanced over at Peter. His expression wasn't as peaceful anymore, eyebrows pulled together into a frown, his lips parted.  The boy was dreaming, by the looks of it, another nightmare.
"Tony will hate me.",Bucky said with an amused smile as he watched Peter smoke the rest of the cigarette.
"Peter?", his fathers voice called out for the first time in months. He sounded hopeful, Peter was too tired to make an effort.
"Could the superdads not gross out their superson on his first day. That'd be great.", Deadpool said and the men both glanced over to the door where Deadpool was standing next to Peter.
The familiarity of these words almost brought tears to his eyes. Words that Peter had spoke that first night when they still barely knew each other.
"Unclear.", Tony returned, sounding grim, worried.  "Okay, I'll meet you on the ground.", he then said before giving Steve the sign to open the jet. Tony then went ahead and flew out, taking out enough HYDRA agents so that the others could land safely.
"It's cool. I wasn't that into it anyways. I actually... I think I'm into someone else...", Peter confessed, hoping to lessen her guilt. It was weird to confess something out loud that he had barely even admitted to himself but it also felt freeing in a way.
"I think he's just asleep... he doesn't sleep a lot.", Deadpool replied, carefully lifting the boy up and then laying him on his back onto the stretcher. The stranger sounded genuinely worried and Steve didn't know what to believe anymore.
The kid smiled crookedly, his eyes downcast, before looking into the camera again. "I forgive you... but also, my robotics team could use a dontation.", he said cheekily.
"Isn't it obvious? She could've killed you!", Tony pointed out. As if Peter didn't know that.  As if he hadn't felt his own life slip away from him. Thing was, he didn't really care.
"Nothing out of the ordinary.", he told Wade. He didn't mention Peter threatening to kill Natasha. Peter had been like this before, too. Namely when it concerned Gwen's safety.
"Maybe I lied.",he admitted, glancing up at Bucky, his face blank but his eyes unsure. Bucky wanted to ask why but he could make some educated guesses as to why Peter didn't ask for the things he needed. So Bucky didn't ask and let it go instead.
So, this is a very emotion heavy chapter, tell me what you thought of it in the comments! Especially about Peter's and Gwen's relationship! I also promise some Wade and Peter content in the next one!
"Not all of them.", he mumbled and he didn't have to look up at Death to know that she nodded. "Will he be okay?"
"Yeah...in case you ever want to talk to them or just send them a message or... what does Wade call them? A me-me."
"Yeah, sorry kid, just your old guy.", Tony smirked but Peter could tell that Tony was slightly wounded by Peter's remark.
"Sorry. I didn't know what it was until I opened it.", he said and his tone didn't sound fearful, but it wasn't nonchalant either. It sounded like resignation, like
"I never thought we could ever be people.", Gwen admitted. Peter knew what she ment. They had never been treated as people, not much more than objects. This world of choices they were presented with now was almost too much to handle.
"Yeah of course. Wade, would you?", Tony said before glancing at Wade. He had seemed to notice the shift in tone as well, judging by the look he gave Tony.
"You were both programned.", Wade said what he'd been thinking this whole time. That Gwen was here on HYDRA's orders. And maybe she didn't even know it, maybe she was a sleeperagent.
"It's an honest to God question. Why would he come back? I mean, he's clearly doing better now that he's away from me. So why would he ever return?"
"Yeah, and maybe he did mean that but lately... He moved out, he's distancing himself from me, I feel like maybe he woke up one day and realized that I'm a gigantic wreck that isn't capable of leading a normal relationship but now he's too polite to break it off.", Peter admitted.
Well, there was a reason Peter didn't grant himself any hope. Even if everything seemed fine at first, it always backfired.
Okay, look, Zendaya and her portrayal of MJ own me and I had to put her into this story somehow. Plus, Peter needs some normalcy, and he needs some friends, and I also love Zendaya, sue me. Since this is already pretty AU I decided that MJ doesn't live in NY, (neither do Flash and Ned but they aren't part of the story for now).
"So HYDRA experimented on you as well?", Steve asked, with his iconic stoic face and his 'talk to me, son'- tone.
Wade sat on an armchair in one corner of the room until he was completely convinced that Peter was asleep and only then he let himself step out onto the hallway.
"No, of course not...", Tony softly shook his head. Peter wrapped his arms around his body tightly before nodding shakily.
He tried to suppress his reactions to his dreams but that went catastrophically. Catastrophically as in, he bit off his own tongue during his sleep and screamed bloody murder until the other three residents of the house stormed into his room only to find him choking on his own blood and tongue.
"I hope you're right. ", Peter nodded before relaxing a bit more into his seat. Peter didn't want to die. But as he looked around himself, at the little heavenly room they occupied, as he looked inside of himself and found how freeing it felt to not be in turmoil, he didn't mind it. He could spend eternity like this.
"Excuse me if I'm being selfish but if there's a chance to meet you, I'll take it. ", Wade finally replied, forcing a grin. To his delight Peter smiled back at him before quickly becoming serious again.
"Did you read it?", he didn't sound accusatory, still maintaining his neutral demeanor. Tony shook his head slightly.
Tony didn't think he was ready to be a father when May Parker showed up on his doorstep with a baby in her arms. She wasn't the mother, the mother died at birth. Tony was the father, that's what she told him.
"Yeah, you could say that." He avoided showering and bathing for days now, only scarcely cleaning himself in the sink and he knew that he was disgusting. He knew that he smelled and that this wasn't healthy. "But I'll have to do it eventually, don't I...", he then said with a weak laugh, wrapping his arms around his shivering body. The wounds on his arms stung when he came into contact with them but he didn't ease up.
"Wow, I was pulling some heteronormative bullshit, sorry.", she smirked and all of a sudden all their awkward tension was gone and dealt with. They were just back to being friends. "Tell me about him.", she said, leaning back in her seat.
"Thanks.", Peter nodded, looking down at his hands. " I think I'll check on Gwen now.", he then added. Their conversation had been good but Peter felt like he should call it quits before he screwed it up somehow.
"Nah, HYDRA gave me my powers.", he replied, keeping it as simple as possible. He didn't want to remember the experiments, the table, the needles.
"Peter... stay awake....", he begged desperately. He couldn't die, how was Wade supposed to live without the two people he loved most, how was he supposed to go on? It wasn't fair.
"Alright, Peter, I'll see you around.", she repeated before turning away to leave. Peter realized that he didn't even know her name and stopped her.
Memories of being hosed down with ice cold water until he was curled up on the floor, shivering and sobbing popped up. "That's actually worse...", he sighed before forcing himself to go in. He stopped a few inches in front of the bath, watching it as if it would attack him.
"I- I just got a phone call.", Bucky announced, looking down at the phone in his hand. "It was Steve. Peter, why didn't you tell me that you're Tony Stark's son?"
That's all that Tony could think when he saw them. He was looking at the void and it was looking right back. "We're so sorry that we couldn't protect you." The voice sounded broken and foreign, it took Tony a second to realize that he had spoken. He was shaking. This was just wrong.
"Why would I? I mean, from what I heard they aren't the nicest voices to have around so I'm sorry about that. But that doesn't really change how I think about you, you know?", he then replied before glancing over at Wade and he actually seemed genuine.
Tears were streaming down her cheeks and landing on Peter's face. "It's okay... ", he whispered, reaching for one of her hands, she shakily took his and tried to stiffle her sobs. "Hey...Look at me... it's okay...", Peter told her, even though it wasn't,  even though he didn't want to die. He put on a brave face, smiled at her as his body was slowly shutting down. This wasn't about him.
Especially friends, especially people he trusted. It took him months to admit to Steve that every time they hugged it made Bucky's skin crawl, and of course Steve was horrified, which only made Bucky feel worse about it. It was all so frustrating, needing and wanting things, asking for them. Especially when you weren't allowed to do that for so long.
Needless to say that his healing factor took care of that and Wade was nice enough to make some jokes about the incident in the following days to lessen the tension. Peter still knew that it must've been disturbing, disgusting, repulsive to see him like this. One of his first thoughts was: '
"What...?", Peter asked, his eyes growing wide and Wade continued before his own fear could silence him.
Wade stayed quiet after that, he almost seemed... upset? Was he disappointed that Peter was such an uninteresting prisoner? That did happen from time to time. Some agents preferred him to be defensive and loud. They enjoyed punishing him for that. And if he didn't act the way they wanted they punished him anyways. They always found a reason.
was it tempting. Then he reminded himself that he had disrupted Wade's life enough already. He couldn't stand being a burden any longer.
He was cold now, too. His body was heavy, like someone filled him up with lead and he felt like he couldn't even lift his eyelids. That's why it took a second for his senses to tune in again. It was like a  reboot everytime, it took a moment but then it all came back. Panic shook through his core, all his body hair raised up and his eyes snapped wide open.
"Is this a breakup talk, baby boy?", Wade smirked, covering up his own dread with a grin. He was good at that.
"You don't enjoy them, you deepthroat them.", Wade snapped back, his tone sharp. Peter now understood that he was only joking so he laughed and made one himself. That's what normal people did, right?
"He- he thinks that I'll send him away?", Tony hated how pathetic he sounded but he also felt like he was on the brink of a panic attack. Everything felt so terribly out of control and that was pretty much one of Tony's biggest nightmares.
When she pulled back he smiled at her like he would smile at the real Peter. "Better?", He asked and not-Peter's smile widened.
"Well, there isn't a lot that you like, kid.", Tony smirked, the warmth back in his tone, his face, his eyes.
Wade was about to take it too far. "Peter, all I'm saying is, is that we don't know what HYDRA did to her while you were separated. "
His heart was made of shattered glass and now it's shards cut up his insides, filled his lungs with blood and sorrow, all that Wade wanted was to disappear, be gone like Peter.
gay? Was Peter fucking with Wade? Or not? Wade didn't know what to make of this, only that Peter looked good, he looked like he was doing so much better and in the end that was all that really mattered.
"I'll tell her. Once she's better, once she agrees to see me again,  I'll tell her. ", he finally said and Tony was relieved to see determination in Peter's expression.
Steve stared back at him until his expression softened a little. Apparently he was taking pity on Tony. "He's gonna come back eventually. He just needs time. I've been through this with Bucky before.", he then explained.
Peter didn't look up when he replied but his voice quivered more this time. "My punishment. I misbehaved. I need to be punished..."
Even though Wade's childhood was pretty messed up, even though he didn't have many friends and even though the person he loved most died in his arms.
Bucky watched Peter carefully as the dark lyrics washed over them. The expression on his face was unreadable. But his eyes were focused, sharp, he was listening but it wasn't triggering anything in him.
He quickly put Peter down on the shredded bed and the boy turned to one side, pressing his face into the mattress and digging his fingers into it until Wade was sure that it would rip soon. There he stayed, sobbing uncontrollably.
Wade thought he might have an inkling what this was about but he also didn't dare to hope. "And?", he asked instead.
"I'll offer a hug.", Tony stated carefully. "You don't have to, if you don't want-", he clarified but it turned out to be unnecessary because Peter immediately launched himself into Tony's arms, wrapping his arms around Tony's torso so tightly that he might crack a rib.
"Gwen...", Peter smiled up at her. She was wonderful, even covered in his blood she was the girl that Peter would always love.
"Gwen-?!", Peter groaned, turning around to face her just in time to see her place a kick right against his head.
"Okay. ", Tony finally said and Peter raised his eyebrows in surprise. He hadn't actually expected this to be so easy.
"Yeah- Yeah, of course!", Tony stammered, his eyes were burning, he might start crying. Peter hadn't called him dad since...since he was taken.
Wade sighed but kept his eyes on the road. "Ahh, they experimented on you, huh? That sucks, trust me, I know. "
"Power dampening collar. Cograts, you're human again.", Gwen replied before finally closing it for good. The lock clicked into place and a cold familiar feeling settled over him, he felt drained, his powers faded to nothing. He was in deep waters now.
"I warned you.", she said before pulling Wade down and pressing her lips against his. Wade tried to imagine kissing Peter instead.
"Yeah, sorry. How- are you sure that he's dead?", Bucky asked and he heard Steve take a shuddering breath.
"Fuck you...", Wade sighed before stepping closer to Peter and lifting his limp body up again. God, he was as light as a feather.
"We're scared that you'll hurt yourself.", Bucky replied honestly, his tone grave. At first Peter didn't reply. He sank to his knees and curled up, rocking himself back and forth while his sobs wrecked through his body. Then, so quietly that Wade almost missed it, and he wished that he had, he heard Peter whisper:"
He woke up with a metallic taste in his mouth, probably blood, and the chatter of his boxes in his mind, what's new? He took a deep breath before sitting up and opening his eyes. They fell on Peter immediately.
"You have no right to keep her here. ", a voice suddenly said and it took Wade a second to realize that Tony had spoken. There was something to his tone he hadn't heard in a long time. Confidence, cockyness, like he knew exactly what he was doing.
All eyes were on him, Karen and MJ were horrified but Bucky just looked surprised. "You saved us!", Karen suddenly called out at the same time as MJ exclaimed:"You got shot!"
"Same old. Same old. I'm not allowed to say anything else because he can probably hear us, in fact, they both can. ", Tony pointed out with a smirk.
"Wade. Haven't seen you here in a while.", Lady Death greeted him, her voice was deep and intense but also soothing and warm. Hypnotizing in a way.
"That's not what I ment.", Wade tried but Peter made no indication that Wade's words had any meaning to him. He didn't even turn around to face Wade, instead he reached towards the window and drummed against it with his fingers.
Gwen stared at him for a moment longer, probably considering if she should go along with the topic change. Eventually she let out another sigh and sagged in her seat. "At first I couldn't risk being around you as long as the programming was still there and after SHIELD got rid of it... I just couldn't face you. ", She admitted and Peter's eyebrows formed into a deep frown.
"Come on, I'll help you-", he stepped towards him but Peter flinched so hard he almost shattered the window.
He told Bucky what MJ and him agreed upon and Bucky was okay with it. "So what do you wanna do for the day?", he then asked Peter.
Peter was shaking when he woke up, he's trembling violently. But around him everything was still and quiet. The room was dark, he wasn't in his HYDRA cell. Nobody was holding him down. It took Peter several seconds to remember where he was and what's going on. He's in a motel room, Bucky's on the other bed next to him, still asleep according to his snoring. So Peter didn't scream this time. That was new.
"Peter, what the fuck?!" He didn't think his next step through, it was pure instinct and later on he'd agree that it wasn't the best approach ever. But he wasn't in control, his logic had completely checked out and his emotions took over when he pulled Peter off the wall, not hesitating when the boy went rigid in his arms. Wade tried to place him on his feet but Peter just crumpled to the ground as Wade went for the curtains and pulled them aside, letting the sun in.
Peter kept his eyes trained on Natasha. "I'm chatting. I didn't feel like being the monster in the tower that nobody gets to see today.", he replied nonchalantly.
"Wait, I'll get new ones, sit down.", Wade ordered, jumping up from the bed. Peter sat down on it wearily. He couldn't exactly tell why he hadn't slept in it yet, maybe because sleep was the enemy in general, or maybe he didn't want to let himself believe that this was his new life in fear of losing it, or maybe it all came down to his conviction that he didn't deserve any of this. Peter let out a deep sigh.
"Okay, let me ask you a few questions, you don't have to say anything. Just shake your head or nod, okay?" He nodded.
"Peter-", Gwen started but Peter interrupted her by banging a fist again the glass of the window, with his strength this had to be some crazy strong glass.
Peter let Bucky do his whole thing and instead paced around the lobby, his hands burried in the pockets of his jacket, one clenched around his wallet, the other around his phone.
"And you!", she turned to Tony and he actually seemed to be startled by her outbreak. "You are a fucking hypocrite! You were on my side. You said we needed the truth! That we couldn't just trust him!"
Tony took a deep breath, collecting his thoughts and the words he had prepared. This would've been so much easier with Steve present but Fury demanded him for a mission. They hadn't told any of the Avengers about Peter yet. Only Pepper, Happy and Rhodey knew so they had no excuse to be absent. "For starters, food." Peter pulled a face, still not looking at Tony. He didn't let that stop him, though. "You can eat whatever and whenever you like as long as you eat. You don't have to ask for permission and if you want anything specific you can just ask for it and we'll get it for you." Peter eyed him wearily, like he wasn't quite believing him. But at last, he nodded. "Okay. Great. The other thing is that we need you to tell us how you feel.",Tony continued and to his surprise Peter scoffed, rolling with his eye.
"I'm in here!", he yelled with all his might before Gwen could silence him with another punch. His vision was spotty, everything was turning.
"But they have hurt you unintentionally?", she asked and Peter couldn't help but to let out a heavy sigh.
After their lunch, (Peter ate all the waffles in record time) they went back to the car. "Where are we going or is this an aimless journey? ", Peter asked as Bucky drove onto the highway again.
"Fuck it... What do I need dignity for anyways...", he mumbled under his breath before biting his lip. Then:"I need you."
It was the kind of realization that doesn't help you at all, only leaves you feeling more hopeless. Tony didn't know how to get Peter to believe him when he told him that there wouldn't be any punishments, any pain or humiliation, that he could relax and settle for once. Instead Tony could only watch his son come apart piece by piece right before his eyes, while Peter desperately tried to pick up the pieces and keep up a facade that wasn't there to begin with.
"Karen's your mom?" Peter didn't want to be rude, but MJ and Karen looked nothing alike. For starters, Karen was white.
Wade took note of how Peter didn't start talking right away, didn't even face him, he was still watching the closed door like he expected someone to barge in. Wade couldn't stop his own leg from bouncing nervously.
A part of him told him that it had to be done. He needed to be fixed to ever get a chance of becoming good.
"Nervous doesn't begin to describe it.", Wade replied, not bothering to conceal the bitter tone in his voice.
Who she was had changed, though. She seemed... meek, timid, somehow fragile. She hadn't been like this before. Gwen used to be Peter's rock. Maybe it was now time for him to be hers. It filled him with dread, not knowing what she'd been through while they were apart. They had a lot of catching up to do, once they got a moment alone.
Okay, this one is a bit of a filler, I just felt like we should check in on the rest of our men, also, I really fucking missed writing Wade. We'll return to Peter, MJ and Bucky in the next one, though and it's a fun one! Still, I hope you enjoy this one and leave your thoughts in the comments!
"Are we back to your smart ass comments?", Tony asked but there was no edge to his voice, no distaste. He mostly just sounded tired.
"Yes, Mr Rogers." The lobby was empty and dark except for the desk of the receptionist where he could make out three people, one being Laura, the receptionist, and then two male figures that were waiting in
"Her name is MJ, she's the foster-daughter of the owner of the last motel we stayed at and... She's amazing. I don't know, she sort of makes me feel less weird. I even went on a date with her."
"Gwen was just telling me that you're in fact, not awful.", Peter said turning to Natasha. He was holding Gwen's hand in his. It was good to see that they had made up. Tony wasn't sure how badly it would've effected Peter if they hadn't.
"Oh, yeah, sorry, I wasn't- I didn't-", Peter stammered nervously, he had barely talked to anyone besides Bucky in weeks. And there was something about that girl's gaze that was...hard, not cold or anything, just unyielding. It put Peter on edge.
Peter pressed closer to the wall but didn't leave. He knew that he shouldn't be here, he knew that he would probably get into a lot of trouble for it later. He should go back to his room where Wade had fallen back asleep and pretend that he never left it in the first place. Peter didn't, though. He stayed in the shadows.
"Yeah, now I only smoke when I'm stressed.", Bucky replied. It was an off-hand comment. Bucky didn't even seem to notice his own implications right away.
"So, Peter? How are we doing? Judging by the roof brooding not great.", Tony started, coming closer but not sitting down next to Peter until he indicated that it was okay.
"We didn't know everything they did to him, you didn't dare to ask. Sure, you wanted to protect his feelings but then they activated him!"
"So, any plans, now that the two of you are reunited? Big reunion tour? Another soul-finding roadtrip?", he asked cheerfully, stuffing his face with waffles.
Peter closed his eyes again, or he didn't, maybe they closed on their own but he couldn't see the stranger anymore. He could still hear him. "Shit, kid! I need you to stay awake, okay? We're almost there. Pull through, okay?"
"Wait!", Tony called out and jumped up. Peter froze before turning towards him again. Again, he braced himself for punishment, for violence, for the consequences. Again, it didn't come. "I could make you breakfast?", Tony suggested with a careful smile. Peter's words got stuck in his throat, whatever they were. But he managed to nod anyways.
But as Wade continued to look through the file, further and further back in this Peter's history, one that was filled with torture and experiments, he got more and more convinced that he just found Iron Man's son. The last picture took the cake. It was a small boy, 9 or 10 years old, teary eyes, looking as miserable as Wade felt on his worst days. He knew that face, that face had been all over the news for weeks. It was Peter Stark.
It wasn't just that. Tony asked FRIDAY to check on Peter every once in a while when Tony didn't feel like disturbing his son's peace. According to the AI Peter avoided all mirrors, didn't sleep in his bed, curling up either on the ground or crawling into one corner of the ceiling instead.
"Wait a minute, Mr Tinman. I made a promise to Peter, that I wouldn't leave until he was ready and passing out doesn't scream 'I'm fine, please leave me with a bunch of people I don't know.'", Deadpool announced and Tony felt sudden rage boil up inside his gut.
Peter sat up, it took him all his energy to do so but he managed. It was still dark and Peter needed a second to see Wade sitting next to the door still. Looking at him hurt so Peter didn't. He got to his feet, his body was numb. He moved automatically, step by step towards the bathroom. "Peter? Is everything okay?", Wade asked. He didn't look at him.
"-did I ignore you for 3 months?", Gwen finished and Peter would be lying if he said that it didn't ache to hear that she had been consciously ignoring him.
"Promises are useless.", Peter returned, his tone bitter and he had every right to be. Hadn't Bucky promised to protect him? And SHIELD had taken him anyways. He was reminded that Peter hadn't chosen him because he trusted Bucky, but because he was the lesser evil in Peter's mind. Or at least, the easiest option. Peter didn't actually forgive him.
"Alright... I'll leave my number with your dad on my way out. Don't hesitate to call, if you ever need anything or just in general. I'm always down to kill Nazis or eat waffles.", Wade chuckled slight as he got up but he had already lost the boy's attention.
Peter calmed down ever so slightly, relieving some of the tension in his shoulders and grasping the cup of hot chocolate in front of him. He didn't drink it, he only clasped the mug like he was trying to warm his hands. "Like what?", he asked meekly.
They didn't go out that day, Peter was too nervous even if he didn't admit to that. Instead they stayed in, watched a movie, ordered takeout for lunch, until it was time for Peter to get ready.
"Of course it does. If I, or anyone else, makes you uncomfortable you have to say that and we'll stop.", Wade tried to be patient and not make a big deal out of Peter's total lack of autonomy, it wasn't easy though.
He let his eyes wander to the window again. The area was getting less and less rural, for the last few hours they've been driving through actual towns.
Peter already assumed he'd never reply anything to that when Tony took a deep breath. "I won't lie to you, kid. I don't know what you need either. I'm seriously overwhelmed with all of this, which isn't your fault, not at all. But we'll figure it out, I promise.", he said and there was a nervousness to his voice that finally made Peter look at him again.
Surely enough she was standing in the doorway. Dressed in black from head to toe, pinstraight bordeaux red hair and matching lipstick. That was Natasha Romanoff. All pale skin and shadows, sharp edges and elegant curves. Her eyes were cold when they were focused on Tony. He had learned long ago that this wasn't anything personal. It was her spy-face. Natasha was on a mission, she was here for information. Right now Tony was something that stood between her and her goal. "Hello, old man.", she said to Tony with her infamous smile, it always felt like she knew more than you. "Hello, older man.", she added, glancing at Steve.
"I haven't always been like this, you know? They didn't always keep me in a cryo tube like a failed science experiment. You were right. For the longest time they tried to make me a weapon, trained and educated me. I can build a bomb from scratch, I speak 4 languages.", he didn't look up as he spoke, his eyes still scanning the pages at an insane speed.
So they didn't touch, and Wade moved with caution, just like everyone else did. Wade was sure that Peter registered the change in behavior. Especially since the boy continuously observed everyone around him like a hawk.
Bucky let out a sigh he didn't know how was holding bank. Then he went to grab the empty bowl and carried it back to the kitchen. After he put it in the sink he braced himself on it for a moment.
Wade didn't hang around for long after Peter left. Would've felt weird to stay with the superdads while their son was cruising the country on a self discovery trip. So he bounced, took off back to NY in another one of Tony's seemingly endless cars.
"Hey Peter, when you're seeing this you're probably trying to break into SHIELD headquarters to get me out or something. I know this will be hard for you to understand but I went here willingly and I have no intention of leaving before I'm fixed. ", she started to speak and Peter was startled by the determination in her voice. That's how Peter knew that this was real, that nobody was forcing her to say this.
"Peter, we talked about this-", Wade started but Peter wouldn't let him finish. Instead he started to crawl over the ceiling until he was right above Wade. He looked down and his eyes met Wades. And yup, he was definitely annoyed.
"Where's the difference?", he asked, hoping that that was an acceptable question to ask. Judging by the baffled expression MJ gave him, it wasn't
"I know.", Peter nodded, not pulling a face or flashing a smile. His blank expression seemed to unnerved Grace who smiled nervously.
So Deadpool stayed. The only thing Tony was sure of was that he was insane, which didn't have to be a bad thing. At least he was considerate enough to leave Tony alone in the room with Peter. Last time he checked, Deadpool was standing in the hallway, talking to FRIDAY.
"Never heard of Skyrim.", Peter added launching both Wade and MJ into a long-winded explanation of what Skyrim, a videogame that Peter had never heard of, was. Once again he could just lean back and let his nerds run the show. He was content just listening to them.
"Yeah, there was nothing straight about my thinking...", Peter whispered and they were so close that Wade could feel Peter's breath on his skin.
"Good. I'm glad that you're doing better, that you're alive...And that you're not into drugs. I don't know if I could've handled that. ", she then said and it seemed like this was just as hard for her to talk about as it was for Peter.
"My issues? You can say it, you know. I'm not made of fucking glass.", he snapped, getting up from his chair at the dinner table and starting to pace. He was having an agitated day.
Once they joined the others in the kitchen, their long break wasn't mentioned and Peter was thankful for that. Steve had made sandwiches for them and they all ate together. Peter could tell that Gwen was only barely eating and it took him a second to figure out why. Even back at HYDRA Gwen used to do this. She'd ration her food and hide the left overs to have something in case they weren't fed later. She was doing the same now, probably just waiting for an opportunity to pocket the sandwich. Peter leaned over to her, making sure that no one else was paying attention before whispering in her ear:"It's okay, you don't need to safe it, you can have as much as you like. "
"You obviously put him somewhat at ease. He doesn't trust us. I don't know, if he even trusts you but you're definitely closer. I'm not going to sabotage his recovery by cutting you off.", Tony explained simply and Wade was completely  dumbfounded. The dedication of these two was unheard of, at least according to Wade's life experiences.
"Is there anything we- anything I can do to make this easier for you?", Tony asked and Peter thought about it for a while. Easy wasn't a word in his vocabulary. He knew what it ment, sure. But nothing had ever been easy for Peter. He didn't know what he needed, what would help. There was no better time in his life that he could use as reference, no past to pull experience from. How was he supposed to put that into words?
"You shouldn't have to thank me for that. ", Wade said and Peter smiled slightly, only one corner of his lips lifting up.
Now, he wasn't one to get intimidated easily, other people were usually scared of him, maybe his general appearance had something to do with it, maybe it was the metal arm, so he didn't worry for his safety when he stopped his car by the side of the road to inspect the situation.
"Shut up.", he said, his tone sharp and bitter. He still couldn't see Peter's face but there was something dangerous about him.
"'Cause they like to revisit the memories. I really hope that ain't why you read it. Are you some kinda masochist?", Bucky huffed and Peter smirked. It was still weird to see him do that.
Peter met MJ on the parking lot outside the motel where she was leaning against an old truck. She wore her hair open for a change and Peter was pretty sure that he never saw her in a dress before. It was still paired with her usual converse, though. "What is that shirt?", she asked with a wide smile and raised eyebrows.
The whole road trip part is also the last story line before the finale and boy oh boy! I've had the ending planned out from the very beginning and it's a shitshow that I can't wait to write!
"Hey... Hey, baby boy, Pete-", Wade didn't know what it was, he didn't even touch him but suddenly Peter's eyes opened wide as he sat up so abruptly that he almost knocked his head against Wade's.
Wade braced himself for an argument, that's why he didn't quite understand when Tony nodded and said:"Yeah, okay, we'll get you a room ready."
Everywhere they went Bucky took a single picture of Peter to send Tony. Those were the only times that Peter laid eyes on himself. It was strange to watch himself change over the weeks. His hair grew longer and curlier, his cheeks less hollow and sunken in, his skin less pale from spending days and days outside. And even though he was still a little too thin to look healthy, his eyes still a little too empty to seem normal, he was feeling better and better.
That is until he got a text from an unknown number in the early hours of the next day. A picture of a night sky, littered with bright stars, more than Wade had ever seen before. Attached were two messages:
He was just about to call out Peter's name when Peter shifted ever so slightly. He still didn't look at Bucky, but he replied. "I don't want to be around a lot of people.", he said, his voice a bit distant but otherwise toneless. A beat of silence followed and, Bucky thought that that'd be all.
Wade's heart skipped a beat at that. He didn't want to assume the worst but he wasn't really an optimist so he immediately  got up and opened his window so that he could climb out of it and onto the rooftop.
So far they stuck to teen movies and chic flicks because those were less likely to be triggering. Wade didn't tell Peter that that was the reason he picked them, though. He pretened like he was just trying to get Peter caught up on millenial and gen-z pop culture.
"Right now maybe, but your heart is very predictable. I know you, Wade Wilson. You're a creature of darkness, you always reach towards the light. It's in your nature. That's why you and I wouldn't work out.", Death pointed out and her words twisted something in Wade's mind. They were uncomfortable to think of, he pushed them away. "No, we wouldn't work out because you never let me past your doorstep.", he joked and now Death looked annoyed.
"I'm not a kid.", Peter said. There was no edge to his tone, no bite. It sounded matter of fact. Because it was. Peter wasn't a child, in a way he hadn't been since HYDRA took him. But it was sometimes hard to remember that.
"Get out of my way.", Tony ordered, pushing past them. He had pulled on one of his gauntlets and he used his repulser-blast to shoot the door lock away. The door was still fuming when they slowly pushed it open. Peter's room was empty but this time the windows were all closed.
"Being a man out of time.", Peter replied, a teasing tone to his voice. It's a title Peter read in an article about Bucky and Steve. They both seemed so present and contemporary that it was difficult to imagine that they were both about a 100 years old.
Wade raised his hand as if he was asking for permission to speak. "I can take them but we'd need daddy's credit card.", he then announced with a playful smile.
"Pete!", a man greeted him with a wide cheerful smile. He still looked the same as he did in Peter's memories, in Peter's nightmares. The man before him didn't look like the monster he was. Not overly tall or of impressive stature, his dark hair was greying at his temples and his face showed deep laughter lines. He might've looked like a kind man if it weren't for the ice behind his eyes, the cruelty in them.
With trembling fingers he went to remove the scrubs he was still wearing. He needed to change into the clothes Wade bought him. He dropped the shirt on the ground and took off his pants too with his eyes still closed. Only once he stood up straight again, he opened them.
It took a while for Peter to say something again. He seemed to be gathering himself, phrasing what he'd say next so that it came out right. When he spoke he did it slowly, like the words didn't come easily to him. "You're all important to me, but I just... I need space. I can't be around people who I' will only disappoint."
"Well, you can't know that, in fact, the only character witness we have is Peter. Is she dangerous, Peter?", Tony asked and Peter immediately shook his head.
"Yeah... yeah it's great.", Peter dared to crack a smile, too. "Why would you ever leave this place? It's amazing here!"
"If this story is supposed to be encouraging you're doing a real shit job.", Peter stated and Bucky smirked at that.
"Peter, I've been dying to meet you.", an unfamiliar voice said and Peter turned around, facing a woman that was curled up in a big leather chair. She was beautiful, probably not much older than Peter, with olive skin, long raven hair and large black eyes. A cheeky grin pulled at her lips and she looked amused.
"I know!", Peter sighed, covering his face with his hands before he remembered that he wasn't supposed to move. " It's just- I feel like if he wanted that he would've mentioned it by now. What if he's just... I don't know, having fun? What if he doesn't want me like that?"
They had stopped in front of a window that revealed the inside of a plain white cell in which a girl was sitting on a bed, her head leaning against the wall, vacant eyes staring straight ahead at them. It had to be a two-way mirror because she didn't seem to notice them.
Maybe he was dying after all. Maybe it just took a while. Maybe Peter had finally used up his body. He felt like he should care more, or at all. He didn't. He was dying, he was pretty sure this time around. It wasn't as scary as it used to be. Maybe that's how you know that you're ready, when it isn't scary anymore.
Peter was only half listening but Wade's voice had a soothing effect while Peter tried to relax. Slowly, very slowly, he eased up a little, the warmth and the smell and the sound of Wade's deep voice all helping him to unwind. For a while he just allowed himself to melt into the warmth. This was okay. This was good.
"Nah, just certainty. What did dad use to say?", Tony glanced over at his son, this young man that according to every probability should be dead, but wasn't. "Starks are made of Iron."
"I don't know, you two seem very close. Not saying that you gotta be. If you're not, you're not.", Tony simply shrugged. He didn't seem bothered by it at all, so Peter felt like maybe it was okay to talk about this.
"He never forgot you. ", he told her because it was true and he felt like she might like to hear that.
Peter lowered his eyes and Bucky watched him clench his fists, his whole body tense. For a second he thought that Peter would attack him but then he just asked:"Did he tell you what happened?" There was strain in his voice and Bucky had to pick his words wisely.
Peter just grit his teeth and let her drag him off the jet. Outside they were met by HYDRA guards, faceless goons dressed in black from head to toe, their weapons locked and loaded, ready to end Peter, if he made a wrong move.
Peter reached for his own phone, a heavy unfamiliar weight. When he turned on the screen he had no messages. "I told you that he doesn't know you have a phone. ", Bucky told him the same thing he did before and since he was being honest Peter decided to be as well.
Bucky lit himself a cigarette and took a drag of it, his eyes looking up at the sky as well. For a while they just sat in silence like that and Wade thought he'd never say anything. Then Bucky asked:"Nervous?"
"But I am-", Wade tried again and this time Peter didn't even let him finish. "I don't want to hear it." His words were a warning.
"It'd be real neat if he didn't wake up in a lab when he's done sleeping. I don't know if you noticed but the medical setting is a bit of a stress factor.", he then added.
On the days that the boxes were too loud, the days that they almost convinced Wade, that it was all pointless, that he had fucked everything up beyond repair, on those days Wade looked back at Peter's messages, at the little promises each of them represented. And they kept him going and would continue to do so until Peter would finally return.
He turned around, facing Bucky and the other men who still stood in the hallway, peaking in but keeping their distance. Peter didn't look at them, he didn't want to see their faces. Peter felt like he should say something but he also didn't feel like it at all. Luckily Bucky seemed to understand that. "They said yes, we're leaving tomorrow.", he repeated, as if Peter didn't already know that. His heart skipped a beat anyways.
Lots of Peter and Bucky talking in this one! It's also supposed to give a better idea of Peter's petsonality after Shield. A little rougher around the edges, a little harsher. He'll need some time to work through that.
"Weird flex but okay.", Wade commented and the faintest smile tugged at the corners of Peter's lips.
"And I'm radioactive. If I could get cancer I would've gotten it by now.", Peter said. After all, Bucky had read his file and knew that the experiments that gave Peter his powers involved a radioactive spider.
"Are we still friends?", Peter suddenly asked and he hated how desperate he sounded. He was just terrified that now that he dumped all his shit on her, she'd want nothing to do with him anymore.
Peter wasn't in bed anymore when Wade entered the room. He had crawled into on corner of the ceiling and was staring down at Wade now, with narrowed eyes.
This went down in a matter of seconds and only after that, when he had retreated into one corner of the ceiling he allowed himself to breath and observe the situation.
What he wasn't expecting though was to find the door wide open and Tony and Wade slumped on the floor, slowly straightening up, rubbing their heads.
"What do you mean?", Wade asked instead of Steve because Steve seemed to know, by the look on his face.
"Damn right, I'm panicking! I'm staring at Peter's dead body!", he snapped and Tony flinched hard before slowly lifting his eyes until they met Wade's.
It suddenly struck him how beautiful Peter was. And not just because he finally started to look alive, slowly gaining weight and muscle, looking less and less sickly and neglected. Physical beauty had long lost meaning to Wade, Vanessa had taught him that it didn't matter, not really. No, his beauty didn't stem from his appearance.
"I don't know.", the boy shrugged. "Everything, kinda. But right now it's the hair. Thanks for that. And for listening to me."
Peter got an eerie feeling as they wandered through the hallways. Maybe it were the LED lights or the soft music playing in the background but reality didn't quite feel real. Maybe he was just disassociating. He quickly grabbed three oranges and started to juggle with them to give himself something else to focus on.
That was a continuous issue for him. Peter could remember stuff like playing with toys, watching Disney movies, getting tucked into bed. He just didn't remember where he got those memories.
Gwen schrugged with one shoulder again, completely careless. "I've got my orders so you'll listen to me now. You'll take me to one of your quinjets and you'll fly us out of here. If you try to stop us, if you try to call for help or alarm the others, I'll shoot myself."
Tony let out a long heavy sigh, his tired gaze resting in Peter for a moment. Peter hadn't noticed until now but Tony looked fucking exhausted, not just physically but emotionally, too. Peter couldn't help but to feel like he always just made Tony suffer but he also didn't know what to do about that.
"Brava! I'm so touched! For a second I forgot that I have no heart!", Wade chuckled as he applauded Peter and Peter cracked a smile as well.
The waiter returned, a boy with a sweaty face and a blond buzz cut, Peter thought they were probably similar in age, then again, Peter didn't know his own age anymore.
Instead he started to dig out the bullets in an attempt to exhilarate his healing. He healed quick either way but it was always easier when nothing was blocking the wound. Clawing through his own flesh certainly wasn't the most pleasant of experiences and Peter didn't attempt to hide the pain he was putting himself through. He didn't have to prove anything to Gwen. Still, it made him sick that she didn't even flich at his pained grunts, didn't even tell him to shut up or stop it, as if she didn't even register him.
He looked horrified, no, sad, in pain and distraught. That couldn't be, though. It didn't make sense to Peter. Faking emotions wasn't easy, but once you had it down you could manipulate people however you liked. He would've been a fool for falling for it, no matter how much he wanted to believe him.
"How will you ever understand my references, if you don't experience it for yourself?", Wade smirked. He sat on one end of the couch while Peter sat on the other, more than enough space between them. That was something they all started to pay more attention to. Giving Peter space. Wade would sit down first and then Peter would choose what he was comfortable with. On some days he was several feet away, on others mere inches but they never touched, nobody touched Peter.
Wade almost flinched at that, horror gripping onto his insides, making it hard to breathe. What an awful thought, that Peter expected his father to punish him. That he still expected that Wade would hurt him. It served as a reminder that no matter how well they got along, Peter didn't trust him, not really, he couldn't.
"I'm not going to be the same. I won't be able to trust you.", Peter argued, returning his attention towards the sky. It hurt to hear that. Wade knew all this time that this could be a possibility. That his and Peter's relationship would suffer, would be changed after this.
"And thank God for that. Come in, it's sorta messy here but it ain't my fault that you're early.", he explained as he led them into his apartment.
"No! Of course not! All I'm saying is that maybe we shouldn't accept everything she's saying right away."
The boy watched him, blinked, then nodded. He then tried to push himself off the floor just to let out a hiss. "Mind if I help you?" The kid hesitated, glanced down at himself and then at the bed that was a couple of feet away. He let out a sigh and something like resignation settled on his face. He nodded slowly and Bucky carefully moved to pick him up again. The boy went slack in his arms but Bucky had a feeling that it was from anything but relaxation.
he was strong. But Wade could also see blood where the glass of the screen was cutting his hands. Peter's eyes were squeezed shut and he was trembling.
Peter didn't turn around, didn't even glance at Tony or indicate that he heard him. He just stared straight aheah. "I'm not suicidal.", he then said and he spoke through gritted teeth.
Once their food arrived Peter waited, just staring at his gigantic stack of waffles until Bucky took the first bite of his burger. Only then did he grab the fork and dug into his waffle-tower. It was honestly baffling how quickly Peter wolfed down his food once he started. He seemed focused on nothing else, just shovelling fork after fork into his mouth.
"You know James would've wanted for someone to stop him. You know he wishes that he could've gotten rid of the programming earlier.", she argued and that was the part that hurt the most. That in some way, she was right. But not when it came to Peter.
"Peter we've been over this, why would she hate you?", he asked and Peter was aware that they had talked this through dozens of times but he couldn't help but to feel the dread.
A single tear had escaped Peter and was now rolling down his cheek. "You're not a person, you're a weapon,-", Keipon told him, a dangerous edge to his voice as he reached for Peter's face, wiping away the tear. "And. Weapons. Don't. Weep.", he spat, accentuating ever single word with a harsh slap to Peter's face. By the end, his face was burning and more hot shameful tears were trailing down Peter's face but he couldn't do anything to stop them, couldn't even hide away.
Wade knew that his anger was misplaced. That he had no right to snap at Tony, but he never excelled at self control. Steve and Bucky were shocked at this outbreak but Tony only stared at him with tired eyes. "Pull yourself together, Wilson.", he stated simply before letting his gaze drift to the outside of the car again. Wade was left to fume in silence. Nobody else tried to strike up conversation again.
That startled a nervous chuckle out of Peter, too. "Yeah. I told you.", he shrugged, wrapping his arms around his torso.
Gwen didn't reply, didn't pull a face or really react. Instead she just glanced at Peter, apparently waiting for him to answer.
"Wade! Open the door, I know you're in there.", Domino yelled and Wade flinched. It was okay though, nobody saw that.
He never quite figured it out though. Why could certain deaths be prevented and others couldn't? Why couldn't Lady Death bring someone back from the dead? Why couldn't he die? Those were all questions that he had asked her. He always got the same reply.
"No.", she said too quickly, wiping at her face. "Shut up.", she added so Peter did but the fond smile didn't leave his face.
"Okay, so, most people are into the opposite gender. Those people are straight. And then there's some people who are only into the same sex, those are gay. There's also a bunch of other options like bisexuals who are into both and people who are into nobody but that's what being gay means."
Peter thought about it for a second,  not longer, because if he was honest, he already knew what he would do as soon as he heard her name, the same thing he'd always do. It was
In that moment Bucky realized two things that made all of this a hell of a lot harder. One, this wasn't a man, it was boy. Maybe a teen. He looked 18, tops.
He was reading a lot, and writing. The things he remembered filled countless journals by now. He kept them in a little suitcase in his closet, away from view, he didn't want to constantly think about them.
Blue jeans and a Hawaiian shirt with a red background, yellow flowers an green leaves. He hadn't worn the outfit since he arrived at Stark tower, he didn't know if Wade ever knew that he kept it. He packed it when the other man wasn't watching.  The only colourful thing he really took with him. The shirt was still absolutely hideous but it was one of the first pieces of clothing Peter got after HYDRA. It was special.
"Did you feel like this? After your withdrawal?", Steve asked quietly. Bucky preferred not to think back to that time, he did anyways, for Peter's sake. SHIELD had still kept him in their custody during his withdrawal, so Steve didn't witness him during that time. They kept him from hurting himself too much but Bucky was convinced, that if he had gotten the chance, he would've tried the same.
"Uhh...yeah, you are- you're my son.", Tony didn't know what else to say, he didn't even know if he himself truly believed the words yet.
"Okay...", Peter said but Wade wasn't sure how much he actually believed him. He didn't take his arm back, though and Wade couldn't tell if that was a good or a bad sign. His eyes landed back on the bandage and he figured he might as well ask now.
"He's dead... I'm sorry...", Gwen whimpered. Wade barely registered her, barely noticed Tony step out of his suit and fall to his knees beside him.
"Her backstory doesn't make any fucking sense!", he snapped right back and Peter was so taken aback that he got to his feet, throwing his cigarette to the floor and stomping it out.
He must've done something wrong. "I'll apologize if I'm such a bad kisser, it's my first time.", Peter said in an attempt to make her feel better.
It made sense, or at least it did in Peter's mind. Bucky understood his logic because he had thought the same way for so long, he still slipped back into it from time to time. The inability to trust someone fully, to rely on them. Bucky knew that feeling. He also knew that it could get you to do some pretty stupid stuff. Like assuming that nobody could ever forgive you. "Peter, I get it, I really do. ", Bucky stated but Peter didn't look convinced. He also looked like he'd make a run for at it any second. So Bucky went back to the couch and sat down, offering Peter a seat as well. Peter was reluctant at first but finally let himself fall next to Bucky. "When I first started to remember who I was, the guilt was... crushing me. Don't know how much you know about me but I killed countless people, I did horrible things and I had a file, too. Steve read it."
That had been a reappearing theme as of late. Peter just didn't care anymore. Not in general, not in a drugged-up-psychopath-way. Peter still cared about big things. He was still worried.
"They want to do whatever they can to make you feel better.", Bucky replied, because it was the truth, because that's all that any of them wanted for Peter. To feel
"I guess you're the American wet dream Wade told me about. You two are a thing?", the boy stated and Steve shot Deadpool a look to which he only shrugged.
For the second time this day his body moved without a command, he turned around but instead of running he threw out his arms and there it was, the web fluid shooting out of the little holes in his wrists into the trees of the forest in front of him.
And he was worried about Wade who was now, technically his boyfriend even though they hadn't talked about that yet, and how Wade had chosen to move back into his own apartment, putting more distance between him and Peter.
This time Peter actually took the time to chew and swallow before replying. "I liked it considerably less when they came up again 15 minutes after I ate them but otherwise, yes." And there was a trace of humor in his tone, or at least a little less blankness. A start.
Then he heard them, terrifying wails, like somebody was burning alive, Wade knew what that felt like.
"No, I'm Deadpool. And I'm sure you're disoriented from playing frosty the snowman but I definitely don't belong to HYDRA.", his tone was chipper.
Then Peter attacked Tony and Wade. He couldn't remember it but he still saw the blood drip from Tony's forehead. Like an accusation, like a verdict.
Bucky should be talking to Steve, he should be consoling him. He should be telling him that everything would be okay. Or even better, he should be telling him that Peter was alive and fine, as fine as he could be, considering his upbringing. But Bucky couldn't do that, not as long as he didn't understand why Peter was keeping this to himself, why he was running. If he told on Peter without his consent he'd just lose his trust.
"I already did!", He exclaimed, pointing at the hideous Hawaii shirt he was wearing on top of his suit.
All he knew was that the last time he saw her face to face was when they both thought that he'd die. The last time he heard her speak was three months ago through a video. Ever since then the only information he received about her state was through Natasha who he didn't trust at all but had to because Gwen had chosen to trust her for some unknown reason.
Tony didn't look angry, or disappointed. Mostly he looked surprised and a little relieved. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to eavesdrop.", Peter said before forcing himself to step out of the shadows.
"Here we are, hold him still.", Gwen ordered, pushing Peter into the arms of their tormentors. One of them pulled out a metal collar, handing it to Gwen. She then reach up to Peter's neck and started to lock it around his throat.
"Okay, then let's talk about it.",Steve nodded before glancing over at Peter. "Pete?" Peter's eyes grew distant for a second but not long enough for Steve or Natasha to notice. Like he checked out for a moment but then he was back.
"Right back at you.", He laughed breathlessly. It sounded a bit hysteric. It wasn't a lie, though. Gwen looked much better then the last time he had seen her. She wasn't as meager, as sickly looking, she was dressed in clothes that seemed to be her own. Her hair was shorter but it was obvious that it had been a professional haircut and not the result of someone just going at her hair with a pair of kitchen scissors. She looked good, healthy. Even though he had wanted to believe that Natasha was helping her, he never really had, until now.
"Would you mind getting some more groceries? I mean, you burned through everything we bought like nobodies business.", Wade asked and Peter returned his attention to him.
Five minutes later they were all gathered around the console of the second jet, all suited up except for Tony who's nano suit sprang into action on command.
"Take care of yourself, you two.", Karen called out, her face pulled into a worried frown. Peter didn't know how much Bucky had told her about them but she still seemed to care which he appreciated.
"During training, at night, after the experiments when we could still hear each other even though we were kept apart. We'd make up stupid songs to ridicule the situation. It made things easier, if only for a moment.", he said, a slight smile tugging at his lips. His chest tightened when he remembered her soft melodic voice, like a blanket for his disturbed mind.
"No.", he then said and Wade was so taken aback by the blunt response that he raised his eyebrows in surprise. It was so unlike Peter's usually timid behavior. It reminded him a bit more of how he was like when they first met. He was sharper then, not intelligence wise but in his tone. Not that he was ever particularly snappy, but recently he had really quieted down.
"Peter?", Wade asked from the other side. Peter couldn't remember if he had locked it. Another knock. Peter was scared but now there was no time left. He had to be quick. The pain was sharp, his blood was crimson, Peter didn't stop hurting. He just wanted to stop hurting. Just wanted all of it to
After their date Peter and MJ were closer than ever, spending as much time together as possible. One evening they were planning on going to the beach at night with Bucky. Peter and Bucky had spend their day in a nearby town, shopping new clothes because Peter felt like it. They had planned to only stop by by the motel to pick MJ up and drive to the beach right afterwards, but when they arrived MJ hadn't come out yet. They waited in the car for 5 minutes and Peter called MJ to tell her that they were there but his call was declined. "She's not answering my call. I'll check out, if she's there.", Peter stated after a second try.
He didn't know how long this had been going on. The last thing he could truly remember was sitting on the roof with Wade. Everything had been so crystal clear, more than ever before in his life. His thoughts made sense, his feelings weren't there to interfere.
He couldn't be sure how long it had been since they last saw each other. A year, probably longer. Gwen had changed. Not so much in appearance, she was still tiny, meager, with sunken in cheeks and too sharp features, her blond hair was longer than usual. Back at HYDRA their heads just got shaved whenever their hair got too long. Now her hair almost went to her shoulders.
Bucky looked up at his friend. Dark bruises were blooming on his cheek and throat were the SHIELD agents got him. Bucky knew he had a few himself, judging by the pain his nose was broken and at least two ribs were bruised. He didn't mind the pain, though. Peter once said that physical pain was such an integral part of his life that it turned into background noise. That he didn't notice when he was hurting himself, that he didn't pay attention to the agony of walking around after his plane crash. It was like that for Bucky. Nothing more than background noise.
"Peter, you can't.", Natasha replied and the look on her face was almost sympathetic. Peter didn't care for her sympathy, though.
"Yeah, I figured you'd like it here. The nightlife of Manhattan might be a perk I used to enjoy, doesn't mean that you gotta be the same."
He'd be by himself, on the run from HYDRA. The thought alone made him spiral, his heart beat quickened and tears threatened to spill all while a voice that wasn't his own screamed in his head:"
"Who wouldn't leave their family for me? I'm a delight." It would've been funny, if the words hadn't dripped with sarcasm. If the expression on Peter's face weren't so cruel. Bucky needed a second to realize that Peter was smiling, not baring his teeth. There was something twisted and poisonous about it. It looked wrong.
Peter sat up at the question, and then he just looked at Bucky. He wasn't glaring, his gaze was empty...or not empty but closed off. Peter was in there, but all the doors were locked. "That's a loaded question. I
Wade made waffles. Even if Peter didn't state it, the way he shoveled them down on a daily basis indicated that this had become his favorite food.
Tony had a gash on his forehead that was dripping blood all over the place but he only blinked a couple of times before asking:"FRIDAY? Where's Peter?"
"Kill myself?", Peter asked before letting out a huff. "Yeah. About two or three times. Maybe more. I don't remember.", it was too casual, too conversational and Wade suddenly realized how he sounded to other people.
. It was an awful thought but Wade still couldn't let go of Death's words. Even though she'd lied to him, even though he had no reason to believe anything she said, he couldn't deny that it felt like it. Like they were running out of time. Wade had been sure that Peter could recover, that he would. Eventually. Because he was so fucking good and he was willing to try. Try to push himself. Try to trust them. Try to live. But that was before. Repeating his trauma, ripping these tender wounds open... Wade was afraid that it'd do irreparable damage. That it might push Peter too far, to a place were they couldn't reach him. He tried not to think that way but he couldn't help it.
Also, what did you think of this one? Did Wade make the right call? How do you think Peter will change now that he has returned from the dead? How will his relationship to Gwen change? Is Death a huge bitch? Tell me in the comments!
"Look we aren't saying that-", Tony just started to argue when FRIDAY'S voice came from the ceiling.
"No... no it's just as I feared. Barnes doesn't know what he's doing. They can't control him. But- Do you really think that- Yeah yeah, I get it, I wouldn't have told you otherwise but if we just burst- All I'm saying is- Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say."
"Peter?!", Wade yelled as he stormed into the room, the sight before him made him stop dead in his tracks, his heart sank.
He could remember Wade fighting the Widow even though that didn't quite fit with the rest. It didn't make sense. Why would he attack her? And then, and then,
"I don't understand what you are saying.", Peter stated, shaking his head. Apparently he wasn't aware.
That's all she ever said and Peter believed her, because what else was he supposed to do in a world where nothing was real but the voice.
"Listen, I know that you're mad at me but I just want to-", her voice came from down the hallway and Peter looked up from what he was doing, his eyes snapping towards the door. In the last hour it had just been Wade, Bucky and him. Bucky was currently reading Peter's file which Peter agreed to, so that Bucky could help him better. In turn, Peter was reading Bucky's diaries which Bucky agreed to because, according to him, it was only fair. Wade tried to read a book and quickly got bored, before pulling out his phone and starting to watch Golden Girls.
"I get that. But he'll be fine.", Bucky replied and he didn't sound enthusiastic or hopeful. No, he just sounded so fucking
"How? We were by ourselves. How could they have reached you?", Peter asked. It was baffling. As far as he knew HYDRA needed codewords to activate their drones and he just couldn't imagine how they could've gotten that kind of access to Gwen under Tony's roof.
"Wade, the guy that found him, it's complicated but he spoke to Death and she told him that Peter died.", Steve explained and Bucky glanced over to the livingroom where Peter sat, very much alive. "I just don't know how to pull Tony out of this, he barely started confronting Peter's first death. Losing him again...I don't know if he can bare it. "
that was intoxicating, Wade would never deny that he enjoyed it. Killing for the right reason was a thrill and what could be a better reason than Peter?
He stayed on the ground, face towards the sky. The sun was setting, or was it rising? Peter couldn't tell. The sky was red and Peter was tired. Tired of
They had a pretty good day. They went to the waterfall, it was gorgeous, and spend the entire day at the beach. It wasn't as busy as usual, because it was October but they had caught a really hot day. People were even swimming. Not Peter and Bucky because Bucky didn't want to show off his arm and Peter still got nervous when he was fully submerged in water. He still got anxiety attacks in showers but he was slowly getting a handle on this. That didn't mean he enjoyed it, though. So they took their shoes off, rolled up their pants and walked through the cool water, the hot sun warming their faces.
Peter took a couple more breaths until he was sure that he wouldn't spiral again. Then he opened his eyes. He still didn't look at Wade though. And just because he was calm again didn't mean that his worries were gone.
"I'm Peter.", Peter then introduced himself and now Natasha's eyes grew wide. She was quick and she knew Tony well. He knew that it would only take her a few seconds to figure it out.
He didn't believe a word when Wade told him that he was bringing him to his father. Peter didn't have a family, HYDRA raised him, he was their creation. If he knew anything it was this.
Wade was nice enough to draw the curtains a bit more shut again, only letting in a little light. Peter still wasn't used to the sunlight and this mansion was basically made of glass which ment constant sensory overload.
"Uh! Can we take one of your fancy sports cars?", Wade asked excitedly. He was in a strangely good mood today. Not that he wasn't usually. Wade was pretty much always up for jokes but today he seemed weirdly cheery.
The only thing he could rely on was her. Death, waiting at the entrance, never letting him in. Since Vanessa died Lady Death always took her appearance when Wade visited but not today. It was a full on cloak and skeleton appearance day.
"I would never.", Peter said sarcastically and now Wade had to smile as well. With that he finished Peter's haircut and brushed away the loose hairs that stuck to his neck and his clothes.
"Yeah, the drugs only delay your emotions but once they wear off they return all at the same time. ", Bucky nodded. He could still remember how he had felt after the withdrawal. Drained and hazy, like he was feeling too much and too little all at once. At the same time his mind had been permanently altered, something he could in no way confront yet. He could imagine that Peter was feeling something similar. "What do you need Peter?", he asked, and he didn't mean to sound so tired but in a way he was, they all were. Most of all Peter.
"I need a break, I'm sorry." The words echoed in Bucky's mind when he looked at Peter, really looked at him. At his gaunt face, at the bags under his eyes and the exhausted look in them, that only came with years of horror and could never be helped with sleep.
"Yeah, I do. It's worth it, though.", he nodded before taking a sip of his coffee. It was delicious. Natasha somehow always made the best coffee. Tony was quite surprised when he realized despite of how angry he was with her, he had missed Natasha. They used to be so close, it was no wonder that she left a hole in his life.
So? I told you that this served a purpose, didn't I? After all, this is a strictly Spideypool household.
"Right. Then I guess I just didn't want to talk to you.", he shrugged before raising his eyes towards the sky again. The sun would start to set in an hour or two but right now it was still warm and sunny. Wade looked around for a way to climb up there as well but the roof was still pretty high up and he wouldn't manage to jump up there from the window.
"I warned you, Wade. You never learn, do you?", she then asked, and her voice was sweet but it made Wade's dead heart skip a beat.
Wade started to talk about this and that, obviously trying to fill the awkward silence which Peter was pretty thankful for. He wasn't a good talker, Wade was, he could just talk about nothing for hours when you needed him to. Even if the stuff he was talking about sometimes didn't even make sense to Peter, he just liked listening to Wade talk. He had a very pleasant voice. Right now he was talking about how if Disney bought the Avengers he'd like them to cast Robert Downey Jr as Tony. Peter had no idea who that was or why they'd buy the Avengers but it was a hundred times nicer to listen to him than silence.
The boy stared at him for a long time, his face expressionless, eyes intense. He hunched over and pulled his knees to his chest, making himself even smaller. Then:"Where is Wade?"
He only saw Peter in full light for a second before he literally hissed and scrambled back into the shadows like Count Dracula himself. There he curled up on the floor in one corner and now Wade could see where the blood came from. He noticed Peter's fingertips first, all tinged with red but his forearms were the truly gory sight. Pale skin, completely ripped to shreds by scratch marks. Suddenly he remembered the red streaks on the boy's arms the last time they saw each other and bile rose to his throat.
It was too fucking casual for a boy that spend a whole week silent. "Well, nice to meet you! Since when can you speak?", Bucky asked with a laugh. It wasn't joyfull or funny, it was the kind of laugh you do when you don't knows what else to do.
"Because I thought that she might change her mind, because I thought you wouldn't believe me, because I didn't want you to think that I was being cruel. Take your pick. I'm sorry either way.", Tony confessed. All these answers were true and none of them was the right one. It was just a mix of all of them.
Peter needed to get out. Focusing on his senses helped but he still felt trapped, still felt like the walls were caving in on him. So he got up as quietly as possible, careful not to wake Bucky. He took his phone and the keys to the room with him and when he passed by Bucky's jacket he dared to slip his hand into the pockets and pull out the pack of cigarettes. He didn't want to wake Bucky and unsettle him.
Peter picked out clothes and asked Gwen for her opinion. She was about as helpful as Peter had been the first time Wade took Peter shopping. Peter wasn't sure, if this was irony or karma or whatever the fuck but it sucked.
"Then fuck off, maybe?", he snapped and Peter's breath hitched which no one seemed to notice. He still didn't move his body, just his eyes. He lowered them until he was looking at the notebook. Bucky's handwriting that almost looked like chicken scratch and not actual letters, the coffee stain on the upper left corner, the scratched out sentence that Bucky tried to erase so badly that there was a hole in the paper, the word "asset" that he had marked with yellow. His eyes wandered to his hands, they were shaking, just a little, mostly because he was holding onto the books so tightly. He didn't ease up though. He couldn't.
Tony had also listened to Deadpool and hadn't read the file. It was tempting in a way but at the same time Tony wasn't sure if he could handle reading whatever was written in that thing. He tried to tell himself that he was only waiting because he wanted Peter's consent. The truth was, he was scared. Terrified that reading it would make it real. He was a coward.
"But I won't send him away! I would never!", Tony protested. He knew that but how was he supposed to make Peter believe that?
"You feel that your curls are cute?", Wade chuckled and Peter rolled with his eyes but still kept on smiling.
Bucky carefully put down the book and took note of how the eyes tracked his every move. "Good Mornig, kid, you with me?", he asked carefully. The boy didn't reply, he didn't move, Bucky wasn't even sure if he was breathing. He just looked so fucking scared.
When Peter left all that Tony wanted was to get him to stay. But that wasn't an option so the second best option was a bottle. Tony didn't reach for one, though. Not this time. Not when he promised to be there for his son when he needed him. Not when he promised himself to be better this time. So Tony didn't break his sobriety which fucking sucked. Being sober sort of sucked in general but normally he had more important stuff to focus on. Namely, his son.
"That means a lot to me. ", Peter nodded with a nervous smile. He looked down at his hands, fiddled with the tape that kept his broken fingers in place. It was strange to think that only a few hours ago Peter was screaming at Natasha, breaking his fingers on glass. And a few hours before that he apparently got shot in a robbery. This day had definitely been too long.
"Please, don't do this Gwen-", he pleaded one last time as they stopped in front of the Quinjet. He knew that he couldn't get her to snap out of it, it was conditioning, it wasn't that easy, but he still had to try.
"Just in general.", Peter shrugged. "You're a good one.", he said with a careful smile. "Thank you."
Death's words sounded like a threat. Or a warning. Which one it was wasn't really important, they were equally concerning. Sure, it was possible that she was just fucking with him. For all he knew she could be jealous.
"One more thing you should know, dead people aren't supposed to be alive, he won't be the same.", she then said and there it was again,  that tone that Wade hated so much. Foreboding and mysterious, like a threat or a warning. But Wade had already come so far, he didn't care for the consequences, he just wanted Peter back.
Now he was sitting on an examination table, slumped against Deadpool, still shaking, still gasping for air, his bony arms wrapped around his skinny torso like he was trying to hold himself together.
"Or maybe it was the 24/7 panic.", Wade smirked slightly before carefully lifting Peter and putting him into the center of the bed, his head resting on the pillows. Peter was too tired to protest and he didn't really care at the moment.
"Says the hypocrite.", Peter pointed out, his tone a little sarcastic. He could do this. He could lead a normal conversation without freaking out and overanalysing every word.
Peter had really wondered how far he'd go, how much he'd tell her. He found his limit. "I don't want to talk about it. I don't even know why I told you as much as I did. I normally don't talk to people, especially not about me.", he replied, shaking his head slightly. To his relief MJ wasn't upset by that.
"Yes, and she's in SHIELD custody. How quick can you be in LA?", Tony asked, his tone sounded clipped. Wade decided to not comment on how they didn't have a great track record with SHIELD.
"Shut up.", Tony whispered and his voice cracked with pain but there was also an edge to it, a sense of threat.
He wished they'd just leave him alone to deal with it himself, or rather he wished that they wouldn't notice it at all. Peter didn't dare to ask, though. Asking was still hard, next to impossible.
The boys eyes were wide open, a wild look of panic and fury in them. "What kind of game are you playing?!", he suddenly hissed before Wade freed his hand out of his grip and pulled the car to the side of the road.
"You can do this.", Steve nodded. He knew how hard this would be, he had gone through it himself with Bucky, but that's why he was also certain that Tony could do this, that he was strong enough. And if Peter was anything like his father, he'd be fine, too.
"Of course, whatever you want.",Tony nodded and Peter pulled a face before taking a moment to choose his words.
He looked down at Peter, his head was still in Wade's lap, his eyes weren't fully closed but they were completely empty, all the lights were out and nobody was home. Peter had moved on and Wade would never see him again. He couldn't take it.
He closed the door behind him and Peter started to sob more freely now. He did that for a while,  he didn't keep track of the time. Peter curled up on the floor and cried his heart out until his voice was completely hoarse. Only then he managed to pick himself up.
But Bucky had been right. He couldn't storm SHIELD and steal Peter. Not on his own. Not if it doomed Peter to a life on the run. A life he might not be able to handle. He wanted Peter to bee happy, he didn't want him to be hunted for the rest of his shitty life.
Peter wasn't sure what he was expecting to hear. That Tony was sick of him? That he regretted taking him in? That he should've stayed with HYDRA? "I just don't want to do wrong by him but... Pepper, I don't know what to do! I- You know what I'm like, you know what I've been like. I can't- I don't know what the right thing is- I don't-", his voice broke off then and Peter watched him lower his head again.
Peter sat up straight, his heart racing until he spotted MJ, a few feet away from him in the pool, holding onto the edge of it. Her curly hair was open and soaking wet and the light reflected on her damp skin. Her expression was as neutral as ever.
Funnily Peter did actually know how to swim. It had been part of their training. That didn't mean that he enjoyed going anywhere near water. "As in I don't like water.", he clarified.
Wade just took them to the nearest mall, spending the entire time rambling about how much he loved the car.
"Peter-", Wade sighed, about to start to argue. He didn't like people bullshitting him. He was aware what he looked like, he had put up with it a long time ago, he didn't need people lying to him about it. But Peter wouldn't listen to him.
"Fuck you!", Peter hissed before turning on his heels and storming back to the door that led downstairs.
Tony never stopped grieving his son and it would be a lie, if he claimed that it got easier. It didn't. He just got better at handling it.
"It's okay. You can be honest, I don't mind. I know that I'm an obstacle. No point in denying it.", Peter shrugged.
They stopped at a diner around noon when Bucky voiced his own hunger. He wasn't really all that hungry, he had eaten before they left. Peter on the other hand hadn't eaten since last night when Wade got him to eat a sandwich. Now his stomach was growling pretty loudly, even though Peter seemed to silently ignore his own hunger. "Hungry?", Bucky asked at some point and Peter shook his head, obviously lying. So Bucky announced his own hunger and kept his eyes open for a roadstop. They finally stopped at a gas station with a diner attached. Except for them there was only one lone trucker there but they still picked the booth in the last corner. Peter sat with his eyes to the door and Buck was sure that that wasn't a coincidence.
"Give him what he asks for.", Bucky replied. Steve gave him a look, like he wasn't entirely convinced that that was a good idea. Bucky hated it. Hated that the others didn't trust Peter with his own life right now. And he hated that he couldn't trust Peter either, not entirely. "He needs to see that we respect him. That we'll let him take control. After this week he'll have a hard time believing that. He won't trust us.", Bucky said instead, because it was also the truth. They might have a hard time trusting Peter with himself, but Peter had every right to not trust them at all. Getting back that any trust he used to have would be a herculean task.
"Put the gun down. ", Peter demanded and forced himself to put his arms down. His voice didn't sound as steady as he would've liked.
When the elevator finally arrived at the floor where Tony's workshop was, Steve still didn't know how to tell him the truth. He only knew that they had to do it.  He made his way into the room and found Tony hunched over one of his boots.
"Tell me about my father. ", Peter then said. "Do you know him?" Peter didn't look at him, still watching the scenery they drove by instead.
"To have you?", he asked with a careful hint of humor. Bucky was testing the waters. He didn't know yet where they stood.
"They did not.", FRIDAY replied. As relieving as that sounded at first, it only confirmed Wade's suspicions that Peter wasn't the one to take the jet.
"Nothing.", he said and got closer, too close. Everything hurt. But Wade touched his shoulder and he was almost there. He wrapped his arms around Wade's neck, careful not to break it, and pulled him close.
Wade had all but forgotten about their fight, he didn't care what Peter had said in anger , not now, not ever.
Apparently he had a healing factor which ment that HYDRA had experimented on him, too. An awful fact that might safe his life. Bucky still set his bones straight, cleaned the wounds and wrapped them up with bandaids. The kid's healing would take care of the rest, now Bucky had to wait for him to wake up.
With that he turned around and left the lab, he made it to the elevator before he finally covered his face with his hands, his heart racing.
Little Backstory for this chapter. I actually wanted to write and post this yesterday and I had like half of it done, forgot to safe it, got pissed off by that (whenever that happens I just stop writing out of spite even though it's my own fault)
Still there was no way to tell how he would react, it was a medical procedure after all. The doctor had to remove the tracker and then fill the hollow tooth again. It wasn't even clear, if Peter would agree to that
Death glanced down for a moment, considering Wade's offer. "You'll give me whatever I want?", she asked.
"Peter...?", Wade asked quietly, stepping closer. At first he thought that Peter didn't react at all. Only once he stepped closer he heard the frantic mumbling, so quiet that it was hard to make out the words. It took him a moment to understand but once he did he couldn't unhear it. An endless string of '
"Your friend, Gwen, did you love her?" Peter was caught off guard by that. It was enough to bring his racing thoughts to a screeching halt.
Wade hadn't necessarily chosen to tell Domino. It just so happened that they were on a mission that took longer than expected and they were trapped in some psychopaths layer but Wade really needed to sleep so he explained the whole situation to Dom so that she would kill him.
"I swear I don't mean him any harm.", Natasha said one more time when she was already seated in her car.
Most of the time they only stayed for a day or two when they reached a destination before leaving again. Sometimes they drove for days, only stopping to eat and sleep. Peter got used to sleeping in the car or dingy motels quickly, he wouldn't have it any other way.
"She sounds like she was very special. ", Peter commented, diverting his eyes once more, glancing around the room, at anything but Wade.
"I believe that. You gotta make him believe that.", with that he turned back around and stepped into Peter's room, closing the door behind him. Tony stared at the shut door in front of him. He hadn't felt this helpless in a long time.
It didn't take long to locate it, it was placed inside a tooth at the back of his mouth. Tony didn't want to think about how they got it in there. Getting it out while he was asleep wasn't an option either but Tony managed to disable it.
"I know... I know. He's self destructive but you'll figure it out. He just needs time. I'll talk to him, though.", Wade nodded, turning to the door. Before stepping inside he turned around once more. "Don't give up on him. I don't know if he could handle that." Those words were enough to convince Tony that he could trust Wade, at least for now.
Hey! I hope you enjoyed this one! I really can't wait to continue this story, especially since my boy Bucky is in the game now.
"So what's the plan today?", Peter asked after they took to the road again. He'd been quite silent after he returned from the bathroom. Wade was worried, obviously.
Then, finally she let out a shaky sigh and a single tear trailed down her cheek as she smiled. "You know that I love you, right? You know that everything I said before they activated me was real.", She asked and it was like she was pleading Peter to believe her, not that it was necessary. She squeezed his hands in hers, her skin was so much warmer than his.
"What the fuck, Tony?", she seemed to have been holding back when Peter was present but now that he was gone she really let loose. "I mean... HYDRA? For all these years. How is he-? What did they-? How can he-?" She seemed to be unable to form a coherent question at first, her mind running too quick for her mouth to keep up with. Finally she took a deep breath and settled on one. "Is he okay?"
"I hope so.", Tony nodded, his voice a little cracky but still strong. Peter nodded and turned away, approaching the door. He had already wrapped his hand around the door handle when Tony called out his name once more. "Peter-" He turned around to face his father, waiting for Tony to gain enough courage to say what was on his mind. "I know you might not want to hear it, but I love you, and I'm very proud of you."
Peter let out a sigh, stroking through his hair nervously before quickly unfolding himself and jumping from his seat. He started to pace, three steps to the right, three steps to the left, repeat. "No?", he then said, giving Wade a questioning look, not stopping his movement. "I don't know, man. That's the issue. I can't predict when it'll be too much and when I'll be able to handle it. Anything could be a... What you call it again?", Peter asked, snapping with his fingers as he tried to remember the word.
"Yeah, really. ", Wade smiled and so did Peter. Once again his eyes lowered and he looked at Wade's lips and Wade couldn't believe his luck.
"I will miss them. ", the words were out before he could stop them. Death must've heard them a million times already, after all, what else was there to regret once everything else became meaningless.
When Tony said that they'd take it from here, he refused to leave. At first Tony thought he'd want a reward, money or such. But no.
Steve placed the rest of the food on the table before glancing at Peter. His eyes were wandering from the bread, to the vegetables, from the omlets to the waffles. He didn't take anything though, while Wade was already stacking waffles onto his plate.
He put the outfit on and looked at himself in the mirror again. He wasn't the same man he was when he first put these clothes on. Sure, he was still having mental breakdowns in motel bathrooms, but he was working on that.
Granted, Kid was nothing like Steve when he was still little but the basics still applied. That's what he called him, by the way. Just Kid. Because he still didn't tell Bucky his name, or if he even had one. He didn't speak at all, except for when he slept. Bucky preferred not to think about the things he said in his sleep.
He stepped away and Wade closed the door and then it were only him and MJ. They stood like this for seconds, maybe minutes, MJ watching Peter, Peter staring at the spot on the door where Wade's face was just seconds ago. It always ended like this, with Wade shutting Peter out. Peter felt cold.
"Does this make you uncomfortable?", Wade asked. From what he witnessed, Peter seemed to check out when a situation became unmanageable for whatever reason. The problem was that it was hard to tell, if Peter had checked out or if he was just in thought. Peter's eyebrows drew together.
Okay, so this one is pretty short but it's a strictly Peter/Wade chapter so please enjoy and leave a review, the comments on the last chapter have truly blown me away!
"You'll forgive me for not trusting her idea of help.", he then remarked before the entrance to the main building opened and Natasha Romanoff stepped out.
Captain Boyfriend didn't look much better, though he seemed fractionally calmer. "You look like you just woke up in a desert after a bar tour, what happened?", Wade asked, trying to hide the edge in his voice with a joke, but not really succeeding.
"We shouldn't crowd him when he wakes up, it could be overwhelming.", Tony once said to Wade and Steve. They were in another room and didn't expect Peter to hear. Peter could hear almost everything that went on in this house.
"I don't know, how did he even know how to fly it?", Steve shook his head. Tony could feel his chest tighten more and more with every breath. His heart was being crushed and his stomach felt like a bottomless pit. It felt like walking into a bedroom covered in blood, it felt like losing Peter. Again. He couldn't do this.
I'm blown away by the responses this fic is getting. Thank you so much for reading and commenting on it. Your comments are actually what motivates me to keep writing.
"Peter!", he exclaimed, alarm in his voice and that single word turned the situation from bad to awful.
Sometimes Wade wondered if he was actually in hell. It felt like it. Burning in an eternal fire didn't seem half as bad as having some one that looked like Peter force themselves on him.
Once they arrived at the car cinema they were stopped by the lady who sold the tickets. "16,98 ~ please.", the woman said and Peter suddenly remembered every romcom he ever watched that told him that he was supposed to pay for her. Bucky had given him some cash so he reached for his wallet.
"Yeah...pack it all in...", the robber chuckled. Something was wrong with him, maybe he was crazy, maybe he was on something but he definitely wasn't right in the head. When Karen packed all the money into the bag she went to hand it to the man.
With that he turned around and followed the agents outside again, leaving Tony and the others to collapse on their own.
Whatever Peter was looking for in Bucky's face, he seemed to find it eventually. "I want to go outside, onto the roof.", he finally replied.
"Yeah but you don't talk to people.", Bucky pointed out and he knew that Peter couldn't argue with that.
"Why so gloomy, love. Cheer up.", Death said, cupping Wade's face in her hands before leaning in an forcing her tongue down his throat. Wade didn't stop her, he didn't struggle, he wrapped his arms around her and tried to imagine that it was actually Peter. He knew he'd regret it later. Associating the two in his head never went well but it made coping in the moment easier.
"You didn't exaggerate when you said you eat a lot, how the fuck are you so skinny?", MJ asked after they returned to the car. She herself had gotten herself a vegan burger with large fries and a diet coke while Peter, as promised, got himself a cheese-, a chicken- and a regular burger, just to try out all the options, and also large fries, a coke and some frozen yoghurt.
"Is that all I gotta do to get you to take me out? Say that I crave death?", Peter smirked and Wade's eyebrows shot up.
. Sundays are for self care, you know? And there was nothing that made him feel better about himself than bathing in Nazi-blood.
They decided to not get another motel room and stay on the road instead, driving through the night. It was safer that way, Wade knew that HYDRA could catch up to them any second and even if he was convinced that he could protect Peter, he'd rather not risk his life unnecessarily.
The room was on fire, the bed was on fire. Peter was pretty sure. Or maybe it was just him, just his mind, dissolving in a burning inferno.
"You're wrong.", Steve said, stepping back from her car as she started the engine. For a moment he thought she'd just drive off but then she looked up once more and Steve knew that the sadness in her eyes was real.
Of course that didn't answer any questions. Why was he alive? What did they do to him? Why put his real name at the top of the file? (That last one was quite easy, if he thought about it. Considering that she wrote this at 2 am, Janna, the author, probably had the mental capacity of a tea spoon and it was just too damn convenient)
"I want to actually start living but I don't know if I can take it." His confession stood between them like a boulder, it demanded all the space, all the space in the room and suddenly Peter was short of breath and so was Wade, like it was suffocating them.
"Sure.", Steve nodded, already rushing to the kitchen as Tony went off into one of the hallways, leading to the bedrooms.
Bottom line was this, Peter's and MJ's friendship was a good thing. That's why Bucky couldn't help but to worry when Peter later told Bucky:"MJ asked me to go out with her."
"Peter?!", Wade screamed back but he didn't get an answer. "We need to get through somehow.", Wade yelled into his comms before launching himself at the guards that blocked the door.
It was dark, he couldn't breathe. Someone called out his name. Peter thought that it was Wade. But then he wasn't so sure anymore. Wasn't he with SHIELD? Had this been before or after?
"Fun fact.", he announced at some point, his voice muffled by his stuffed cheeks:"Waffles were the first food I ate after HYDRA. Wade took me to a waffle house."
"It's like we're on the run but with none of the urgency or stress.", he once described it. They had just stopped at a gas station and loaded up on snacks that Peter was immediately decimating. Bucky encouraged him to eat as much as possible and once Peter got over his withdrawal induced nausea he did.
So he stood in front of the door for a few seconds longer, waiting for Wade to knock against it, demanding that Peter left it open.
"I- I though I had killed you, they said I killed you, I remember-", Peter didn't make it far in his explanation, before more sobs tore through his words.
It was true, Wade hadn't visited her in a while. He figured that constantly killing himself to meet someone pretending to be his dead girlfriend wasn't the healthiest of coping mechanisms. Maybe that had pissed her off.
"I should have know that you're queer when I saw this outfit. Cuffed jeans and a tugged in Hawaii shirt?", MJ chuckled, looking down at the screen.
"You've seen his life, you know that he deserves a chance to be happy, you know that he has suffered enough. ", Wade explained before finally reaching out and wrapping his arms around her.
"Nobody's disappointed by you.", Bucky stated and he hated that Peter still thought that he was at fault, as if he was fucking this up.
Tony looked like he wasn't going to hear it, he looked like he was fucking fuming, actually. The Captain was close when it came to anger but there was a bit of betrayal in his eyes.
"You wanna come down here or-?", the stranger didn't even get to finish his sentence when Peter lost grip on the wall and crashed to the floor. It hurt. Then again,  Peter was used to it. He had been through this often enough that he knew that there was no point in fighting it, especially not in his state. So he stayed down, his face pressed to the cold floor. He didn't fight the other male when he put his hands on him and turned him on his back. The masked face appeared in his line of sight.
"Yeah, sure. They kinda got off an hearing me beg for it.",he said with a casualty that startled Wade, not because it was foreign but because it was so goddamn familiar.
"A bit, I was mostly just watching Wade which made you pretty unavoidable. Sort of sucks to watch the love of you life fall for someone else. ", she shrugged but she didn't seem malicious or bitter, just a bit sad.
Except for the wounds on the insides of his arms. They were scratches. When Bucky washed him he saw the blood beneath his nails. He possibly did this to himself.
Tony was sitting in the kitchen, his hands clenched around a cup of coffee while Steve was working in the background, making breakfast.
What he didn't plan on was finding a cryo-chamber with an actual person inside. He could see his face through a window in the metal door, half of it to be precise. Pale skin, messy brown hair, sharp features. The other half, his nose and mouth, were covered with a black mask.
Gwen sat down beside him and leaned against his side before whispering so quietly that nobody but the two could hear:"Cameras?"
"I had a nightmare.", Peter suddenly said, surprising both him and MJ with that admission. He didn't know why he said it, or why he spoke to MJ at all. He tried to not question it too much. "The room felt too cramped." MJ didn't reply anything to that, she just continued floating near the edge, staring at him. "Why do you swim in the middle of the night?", Peter than heard himself ask.
"No? I mean, I don't think it's normal. But then again, what do I know, right?", he asked before turning his attention back to the road as if he was done with the topic. It couldn't be that easy.
It would've been pretty impressive that he could do his whole wall crawling thing while not really conscious, if it wasn't for the fact that he was still screaming. Gut wrenching screams, animalistic.
I'll include a completely non-graphic summary of those parts in the bottom notes. The text itself will never be really graphic because I'm personally uncomfortable writing that but I still wanted to warn you.
Bucky tried to process all of this. Somehow he had a kid now, a kid that was on the run from HYDRA and maybe someone else. A kid that either didn't want to or couldn't talk to him, a kid who's name he didn't even know. A kid that was fucking terrified.
I wouldn't necessarily say that things will get immediately better after this one but this chapter is a bit of a turning point so I'm extra excited to hear what you think of this!
Wade needed to get him to wake up and he also needed to get him off the ceiling. He hesitated for a second, touching Peter wasn't the best of ideas, especially when he was in this state. Wade remembered how Peter flinched away when he reached for him. But did he really have another choice?
That helped his mental state as much as you'd imagine, which is not at all. So he started to do things to keep himself actually occupied.
Wade started to cut Peter's hair and for a moment they were both silent, the snipping of the scissors was the only sound between them. Until Peter worked up the courage to ask another question. "What happened?"
Natasha had been to this house before, as her alter-ego Natalia and as Natasha. She knew it like the back of her hand. There were three guest rooms. Peter would have to have taken one of them. They were all on the highest floor. Once she got upstairs, she guessed that Tony would keep his son close to him and walked up to the door closest to the master's bedroom. The room inside was clearly a guest room that was lived in. Unmade bed, clothes hanging from an armchair, a cup with unfinished hot cocoa.
"Stop.", Gwen whispered, shaking her head but Peter still lifted his arm, still reach out towards her.
"Gwen and Peter stole the quinjet.", Steve explained as he and Bucky began to suit up, gathering their weapons.
"You were pretty upset yesterday.", She pointed out and Peter couldn't argue with that. He was still upset, upset was sort of his standard setting, but he didn't want to talk about this right now.
As awful as the terror he felt was, it was still better than to realize that he had no idea what had happened to him in the last minutes, hours, days. The disoriented state he'd be in once he returned to the present, the uncertainty of what had been done to him, it was terrifying. Or at least he thought so until he found himself in SHIELD's custody. The first few hours were a blur, he hadn't checked out entirely but his perception was corrupted by his panic. He was at home with the others, then there were agents, dressed in black. At first Peter was convinced that it was HYDRA. They had finally found him. He only later realized that it had been SHIELD. Same difference. He was ripped away from his family, had he ever called them his family before? Peter wasn't sure. It was unimportant now anyways. They weren't here. They gave him up.
For a solid week Wade was convinced that he'd never see Spidey again. He had done his deed, returned Peter to his family, fulfilled his
Steve was a gift, a blessing, the first person after Peter that Tony could truly call family. But even then, the sorrow never dwindled. Two times a year, Peter's birthday and the day of his death, Tony retreated to mourn his beautiful boy. Steve let him, never questioned it, never judged. Because he had his own family that he mourned. He understood.
"Peter-", Karen started, her steady eyes focused on Peter, pleading with him to stand down but Peter had already attracted the attention of the robber.
Peter still wanted to run for the hills. For a solid minute he just stood in the doorway, staring at the tub. "Or we could try a shower if that's better?", Wade suggested.
"Peter we talked about this- you agreed to this.", Tony tried to reason. Didn't he he see that Peter couldn't be reasoned with, didn't he hear Bucky's warnings? His words were like gasoline for Peter's flame. The fire quickly turned into an inferno. He singled Tony out now, he charged at him until they were only inches apart. Tony was shorter than Peter but he looked far steadier than his son. He didn't back down when Peter tried to get him to buckle just with his glare alone.
"I won't let him out of my sight. I promise.", he quickly said before looking back at Peter. " That's okay, isn't it?", he asked the boy.
Peter was laying a few feet away from the door, his head in Gwen's lap. He looked... well, truth be told... He looked dead. He was laying in a pool of his own blood, his clothes were soaked in it, his hands stained. Peter's face was a mess of bruises and blood. For a moment Wade thought that he was looking at a body.
?", Wade asked. He couldn't see Peter's face but if the tension was anything to go by, Peter was agitated.
"12 hours?!", he gasped. He had been asleep for half a day? It made sort of sense since it was night now but still, Peter couldn't remember the last time he slept that long.
Even though Tony was scared shitless, convinced that he wasn't ready, that he would fuck him up somehow, he loved his son more than anything in the world. Peter made Tony believe that he could be better, that he wasn't beyond repair, that there was more to life than working and partying.  Peter made Tony better. And then Peter died.
“Why can’t we just look everything up online? I’m sure that there are some records. Do we have to resort to stealing from them?”
Not that he wants Steve to sit close to him. No, that isn’t the true reason. It can’t be. He reasons with himself that it must be for security reasons. They only have each other to trust. They have no one else to turn to other than Fury and perhaps Natasha but he doubts that they will show their faces here unless they mess up beyond repair.
For the first time in the entire conversation, Steve looks embarrassed and Tony watches as a vibrant blush creeps up his cheeks. “You sent the SOS signal. I thought you were dying somewhere. Do you really think I’d roll out of bed, throw on an entire outfit, and then decide to go save you? I barely had enough time to put some shoes on.”
After reading through a few more files, they ended up with just as much information as they discussed in their earlier conversation, no more and no less. They had barely any names, no leads, and only one address that has no explanation associated with it and is therefore left vague. The pile of papers that once looked monstrous proved to be nothing more than white sheets filled to the brim with empty and meaningless words. Eventually, Steve pointed out that they weren’t going to get anywhere with the information they currently had and that they should call it a night while the documents finish sending. Tony didn’t want to rest considering the circumstances, but he didn’t have much of an argument so he didn’t put up much of a fight.
However, as Tony stands up to show him what he has done so far, the mission is the last thing on his mind.
“No,” Tony responds flatly, voice dripping with sarcasm, “I’ve never gone undercover before because all I do is sit in front of cameras and smile. Of course I have, Rogers, you think I go to Home Depot with a red carpet behind me?” He pauses. “Though, now that I think of it, it doesn’t sound like too bad of an idea.” Of course, he never went undercover in this sense, but he’ll leave that detail out for the sake of Steve not going into cardiac arrest so early in the mission.
It took a bit more coaxing but eventually Steve agreed to try his classic ice cream flavor – Super Soldier Swirl. When they both walk into the parlor, Tony realizes that he is still holding onto Steve’s arm and he quickly lets it go, his face heating up despite the cold air that hit his face. Thank God Steve didn’t seem to notice.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen it up close like this. Jesus, Tony,” he breathes, his voice full of awe and horror.
As soon as he confidently struts outside, the dawn air hits him, crisp and a bit chilly. The waves lazily roll in the distance, seagulls continue to caw overhead, and no one else seems to be on the boardwalk. Tony can see a handful of people on the beach beside the water if he squints – they were most likely there to watch the sunrise and then decided to stick around before the crowd comes in. The smell of saltwater hangs heavy in the air but Tony can also smell something sweet and quickly realizes that hotel kitchens must be making breakfast.
he begs. If Steve uses his full strength then he’ll easily be identified and therefore Tony’s cover would be blown, too. As if answering his prayers, Steve pretends to stumble back from a punch to the chest he could have easily dodged, which left him open to a punch square in the jaw – Tony winces at the force but so far it seems that Steve is mainly acting.
Sitting down on the side of Steve’s bed, Tony places a tentative hand on his shoulder as he soothes, “Hey, you’re alright. Wherever you think you are, you’re not there. You’re with me, remember?” Steve slowly turns to look at him and Tony nearly flinches at the wild look in his blue eyes but instead he tightens his grip on Steve’s shoulder. “You’re alright, Steve, I promise.”
“We’ll talk to Fury about it later tonight or tomorrow.” Tony decides as he stands up, reaching for his shirt and putting it on again. “I have some video and audio footage of me getting my ass handed to me. I’m thinking Fury can run some background checks on our new friends and –”
“Now you’ve done it,” the other one groans, swatting the back of the nerd’s head. Her eyes return to Tony and he knows by the look on her face that she has inconspicuously pulled out a gun. He wishes he had his armor surrounding him but Steve would kill him before the gun has the chance. “You’re officially coming with us thanks to Mr. Running-His-Mouth here. We have no idea where your partner is but I’m sure our boss will appreciate your help finding him.”
Tony fakes a horrified gasp and dramatically places a hand on his Reactor. “Mr. Rogers? Are you assuming that I haven’t done it hundreds of times before and still living to tell the tale?” He’s satisfied to have gotten another laugh out of Steve, even if it does sound weary, and leans his head back against the headboard. “We successfully wasted one day of our week punishment. T-minus six days.”
Tony feels a smile form almost instinctively. “Really? You know a few other men smarter than me?” He laughs as Steve gently punches him in the upper arm, which stings only a little, which is strange considering Steve’s super strength. Then again, he’s sure that Steve would be punching holes through everyone if he isn’t able to control it.
As they burst through the front doors, Tony knows that their time is incredibly limited and they need to be a good distance away to avoid getting seriously injured. Clumsily pressing a button on his watch that causes the gauntlet from his suit to appear over his hand, Tony resists the urge to ask Steve if he’s still mad that he brought some parts of his suit along.
The information they have is minimal and, in all honesty, absolutely pathetic. As Tony sits on the edge of the bed with Steve by his side, they both seem pretty disappointed, the only clue they have is that their assigned bad guys work in a tightly knit group.
“It was an accident,” he huffs as he aims to switch the voice disguiser off, “I thought I was choosing something more badass. I think I breezed past the option I wanted. Blame it on the adrenaline.” Then he suddenly smiles and withdraws his hand before he can turn it off. “Hey, Steve.”
“Huh…” The man’s eyebrows raise as he makes eye contact with Tony, who mirrors the movement, “you remind me of someone.”
Tony rapidly maps the room, though the voices are getting closer and he realizes that he can hear their conversation. He feels Steve stiffen beside him.
In a desperate attempt to throw his pursuer off, Tony sharply turns the corner into an alley nestled between two large buildings, praying that there’s no wall to stop him.
to tell the tale?” Tony echoes as his brain processes what Steve just told him. “Well, you don’t have to worry about that happening on this mission, so consider this a lucky break from those awkward moments.”
“Do you think they’d do their weird experiments in broad daylight?” Tony challenges before his attention flickers to the watch on his wrist. “Let me know what we’re dealing with, Fri.”
Tony pulls his shirt over his head, tossing it to the side as Steve gets the first aid supplies. Steve brings out a tiny box, seeming to be distracted with its contents until his eyes fall upon Tony…and stay there.
Tony’s knuckles briefly rub against the area under his Arc Reactor. His mind is elsewhere now, paying no attention to the storm raging outside. “Hey, Steve? Who do you think their next victim is going to be?”
“We aren’t even supposed to be looking for trouble. Remember what Fury told us?” Steve points out, and Tony frowns as he testily stomps down on one of the wooden boards. It loudly creaks under the amount of force but doesn’t budge. No secret door here.
Tony stares at the dark brown liquid in the cup, arching an eyebrow. It looks exactly like it’s made how he likes it. The cup warms his hands – speaking of which, he notices that his injured hand is bandaged.
“Well, you did tell me to listen to some of their music, didn’t you?” Steve looks back at him as they make their way towards the entrance. Truth be told, Tony is surprised that Steve remembered and actually listened to him, especially since they were both pretty tipsy at the time of the conversation. They both stop and stand a few feet in front of the front doors, which are closed but obviously not locked.
“You didn’t look at what’s on the drive?” One of them – the smaller nerdy looking one – asks. He looks quite troubled by the news and Tony smirks in satisfaction, realizing that he has unintentionally thrown them off again. Still, something about his comment makes his skin prickle with unease.
In the distance, Tony can see the ocean, the waves crashing against the sand as civilians of all ages splash in the water. Rainbow umbrellas dot the pale sand. Laughter can be heard from every direction, extending from the beach towards the boardwalk, the latter of the two being closer to the hotel. If he leans against the barrier in front of them, Tony can see various people walking across the boardwalk, their voices mingling into one single sound. He notices that a lot of them are families.
Steve looks at him strangely and Tony knows that it’s out of character of him to suggest pushing off potentially new knowledge but he
A loud clap of thunder interrupts them both and Tony turns his attention towards the window just in time to see the rain intensify, pelting the glass of the window like miniature bullets. It is unspoken but Tony takes that as his sign of game over and both of them fall silent once again, the only noises coming from the rain and the muffled voices of people in the hallway. Naturally, Tony’s mind drifts back to the main reason why he is stuck in a hotel room with Steve in the first place.
“I feel like I’m back in college,” Tony murmurs to himself before he takes a look at them as well, “hey, Cap, you never told me your real name is Dr. Alan Boreman. What’s with all the secrets, huh? I thought we were friends.”
he silently adds but fails to say aloud. The paper stuffed in his pocket feels like a heavy stone. He’s glad that his panic is being choked by his survival instinct.
“For now, just stick to files. Any files you can find. We need to know more about what we’re up against before you take them down.”
Steve arches an eyebrow, finally looking away from the elevator doors. “You act like we’re going face-to-face with an entire army.”
Naturally, he gets no response. For a minute, things quiet down again and Tony waits, staring up at the ceiling, trying to ignore the way his eyelids begin to slide down again, sleep threatening to wash over him. Fear is exhausting. However, as soon as he closes his eyes, he hears Steve gasp loudly. He opens them back up just in time to see Steve shoot upwards, and by that time sleep is the last thing on his mind.
“Where is your common sense?” Steve shoots back. “My pants are in the hotel room where we were supposed to be staying
Suddenly anger starts bubbling in his stomach, traveling up to his chest, his body heating up. His Reactor seems to glow brighter, but he doubts it’s anything other than a trick of the light. They have
Tony can see Steve make a disgusted expression in the reflection, “I’d rather not think about that. I still think he should leave the spy business to Nat. But since both she and Clint are out of commission, I guess he had no other choice. He said this is important, I know he wouldn’t have bothered if it wasn’t.”
As soon as the nerd looks away and starts murmuring directions, Tony clocks him square in the jaw, causing him to yell and let go of the kid as his hands drift up to his face to nurse his new injury. The woman shrieks in shock and Tony pushes the kid out of her way, gesturing wildly to the city behind the hotels. “Run, get out of here!”
What's the worst that can happen with a reckless engineer, a man out of his time, and a car on the verge of keeling over going on a road trip?
Once Tony stopped complaining and begrudgingly agreed to accompany Steve (though he swore it was just so he can get some coffee), they both changed into something more casual, since they are still undercover after all, and they decided to look like tourists fresh out of the city. That meant a pretentious black T-shirt, dark blue jeans, and his signature sunglasses for Tony, while Steve wore a more “dad-at-his-son’s-junior-league-baseball-game” look with a baseball cap, a light blue T-shirt, and light faded jeans. Basically, in Tony’s opinion, they looked like themselves but heavily downgraded. The Arc Reactor thankfully shone very faintly underneath his black shirt, barely noticeable, and if anyone asked he can always say it’s part of the shirt’s design.
This goes on for a while, the reporter asking specific questions and receiving vague answers in response, until it finally ends around the three-minute mark.
handle whatever is on the drive right now. He isn’t even sure if he wants Steve to handle it, either.
“Oh. Uh, no, it actually looks nice in the sun.” Steve stammers out, clearing his throat at the end. “You know. It looks nice for someone who was thrown into a sign this morning.”
Steve looks expectantly at Tony, and Tony hesitates for another moment, thinking his over his options. Normally Steve makes all of the final decisions during Avengers missions, since he is the leader of them after all, but now they’re a team and both of them are on equal standing. The decision is fair game.
He opens his mouth to respond, his first instinct being to lie, but then he stops himself and hesitates. His eyes wander from the blanket, taking note of the rumpled sheets, before he looks back up at Steve again, who is looking at him with such a searching expression that it makes Tony feel like he’s looking right through him. However, there is no malice behind it and Tony feels like he’s being softly encouraged instead. He finds that he can’t hold Steve’s gaze any longer for some odd reason and therefore he looks back down, removing his hand from Steve’s shoulder.
For the next few minutes, Tony rummages through the room while Steve trails behind him. He finds other keys, pencils, pens, guns, bullets, various papers with half-finished sketches, receipts, and some take-out boxes. He contemplates how much he can carry, especially if he’s on the run, and frowns.
The man seems to have forgotten the earlier incident because he smiles and begins rambling, “Well, there is the beach a few miles away from the hotel. It’s one of my favorite places to go, the ocean there is a little rough but you’ll get used to it.”
“Well, this all seems horrible,” he comments, trying to steady his voice as he approaches Steve and experimentally toes the unconscious officer with his shoe. Tony notices that he isn’t the one they saw at the desk, which is strange considering the fact that he didn’t see any other officers inside the station. A pair of glasses sit a few feet away from the officer. “What happened?”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re grounded. Do you really think that’ll stop either of us, Mr. Cheats-His-Way-In-To-The-Army?” Tony hears Steve snort and the two of them continue leisurely walking.
Tony suddenly stops reading. His heart drops all the way to his stomach and he doesn’t miss the way his hands start trembling as they clutch the paper, making indentations.
“Anyways, Fury wants you to lay low for a week. He suspects that they’ll be at another Gala or event in a week, and he thinks that they’ll be much bolder if they assume that you’re dead. That means that you have to stay away from continuing the mission until further notice from Director Fury.” Natasha can barely finish her sentence before Tony is ready to make a complaint.
“Okay, good, we’ll look over them once we get the chance. Do you have a plan for how to take these guys down figured out? Or any next move, at that?”
Exchanging glances with Steve and shrugging, Tony takes initiative to speak first, holding out his badge. “The name’s Anders…uh…” his voice trails off as he realizes that he never took the time to memorize his entire fake name. It’d look weird if he looks at it now. He clears his throat, quickly improvising, “Howard. Howard Anders. My partner and I are here to examine your station. Make sure that everything is up to date.”
“Figures,” he murmurs under his breath, “they really like getting my hopes up.” He looks at the flashdrive jammed into the side of the laptop, a small and thin black device with no identification or anything; it looks like something Tony can find in the sale aisle at a small nearby office supply department. He might as well take a souvenir.
Tony freezes. If they have any audio recording of them speaking to each other, they’re toast. Testing the waters, he shoots back, “What good is video footage if you don’t even know our names? There’s at least a thousand guys out there that look like us. Don’t you think that’s why I went into this business?”
“Don’t you need breakfast?” Steve asks in the middle of stuffing his fork into his egg and Tony waves his coffee cup in front of his face in response. Frowning, he shakes his head, “You’re not seriously going to try to get through today without eating something, are you? You’ll pass out.”
A cover video, huh? He supposes it is due time for one considering how much interaction they had with their enemy despite supposedly being on break. Leaning over the bed and taking his laptop, Tony clicks on the video sent to him, not particularly dying to see it but still rather curious.
They trip, stumble, fall, curse, help each other up, and continue sprinting to their pathetic rental car. Tony sneaks one look back and he catches the building collapse in on itself, a loud rumbling noise filling his ears. He spots smoke rising from the ground and before he can notice anything else, the vibrations on the ground cause him to stumble and he immediately curls in on himself, covering his head with his arms just in case any debris comes flying at him.
below our paygrade.” He flips through pages, attempting to memorize faces, names, anything he could get his eyes on. Eventually, his eyes fall upon two small cards paperclipped to the end of the file, and he curiously picks them up.
“Cap? Rogers? Steve?” Tony finds himself calling out, surprised that he even has the voice to do it after being so close to an explosion. His ears ring loudly despite the fact that they were thankfully able to avoid the blast and be at a safe enough distance away. If he weren’t so terrified for Steve, he would definitely be having flashbacks to Afghanistan. When he doesn’t hear a response, he immediately stands up, his facial features contorting to an expression that can only be described as one of pure terror. “
“Steve?” Tony whispers, looking over at him, noticing one of the man’s legs kick out from under the blanket, as if he were kicking an invisible enemy off of him. “You alright there? You’re not sounding so hot.”
He winces at the memory. “And let me tell you, my back is going to be feeling that for the rest of my life.”
His thoughts endlessly race in his head and it’s actually the last one that finally kicks him into action. Stuffing the flashdrive into his pocket, Tony rushes out of the room, nearly barreling straight into Steve, who was apparently planning to enter the room as well.
Tony is about to dramatically gasp in shock, already prepared with an entire speech to give to Steve about language, until he feels a rough bump on his back and he stumbles, nearly falling into Steve in the process. Thankfully he doesn’t, but that doesn’t stop him from feeling as embarrassed as he would have if that unfortunate event did occur.
He lunges forward, keeping his eyes on the woman’s face to throw her off but his hands outstretch towards the gun. He successfully knocks the gun out of the woman’s hands but she returns the favor with a sharp kick to his calf, which causes him to stumble.
Once they make it to the far left side of the room, Tony wastes no time in looking for a possible exit and, lo and behold, there is a small window a few feet above a cluttered desk. Tony scrambles on top of the desk while Steve makes sure to let him know how much time they have while also knocking over chairs and other obstacles to buy some time. Tucking the folder under his arm, Tony tries prying the window open – and to no avail.
Steve doesn’t say anything, instead stuffing his hand into his pocket to fish out a crumpled up map. Tony watches as Steve spreads the map over the surface of the table and carefully traces his fingers over the surface of the map, as if he’s afraid to accidentally poke a hole in it or crease it despite it being just a visitor’s map and nothing of value.
They turn the corner into the hallway and open the door that leads them back to where they came from. The officer from before is still there, lazily kicked back, softly humming a song. Tony takes the lead, awkwardly shuffling towards the front door with the file hidden in his jacket as he quickly shouts, “Everything looks great, you’re doing a great job, if I were your boss I’d give you a raise, you have a great humming voice. Our work here is done.”
His thought process and trip down memory lane is soon rudely interrupted as Tony’s phone rings, and he spares a brief glance at the caller ID. “It’s Fury. Let’s not pick up. I wanna see if he sends the entirety of SHIELD after us or if he just assumes we’ve keeled over and calls it a day. I’ll bet you half of my company’s fortune
As soon as he finishes the sentence he pops the hood of the car open and props it up, Steve coming up to stand beside him.
When the rain finally stopped, Tony mentioned going outside for some air and with some coaxing, Steve agreed. They threw on some outfits – Tony, insisting upon looking his best regardless of the circumstances, made sure that he at least had an expensive light gray suit jacket on, one that complemented his black jeans. He also insisted upon wearing sunglasses despite there being no visible sunlight outside. Steve, naturally, went for something more casual, such as a navy-blue jacket and pale blue jeans.
“No, not for me. For you. I figured that since we’re both undercover, you need some technological benefits, too, since it’ll help us keep in touch just in case,” Tony explains, wondering why he feels compelled to explain it when it really is a simple concept, “and don’t worry, I’m in the middle of installing a tutorial for using Google.”
A few more awkward and silent seconds pass as the elevator descends down from the second floor to the first, taking all three men away from the Gala event they all found themselves in. Thankfully, as the doors slide open, the other man gets out of the elevator and walks down the hall, allowing for Tony and Steve to get some much-needed room to breathe.
Now he has to decide whether or not he should tell Steve. Morally speaking, he should. Steve deserves to know; after all, he and Tony are
“You’re a little bitch.” Steve snorts at that and Tony smiles, happy that Steve seems to have forgiven him for breaking the rules.
“We’re from New York, it’s the same ocean here as it is there,” Tony points out with his cup of coffee barely touching his lips, interrupting the man and earning himself a glare that basically spells out “don’t be rude” from Steve. He simply shrugs his shoulders and feigns innocence. He’s in no mood to listen to the stranger speak to them as if they came from Kansas, with their little cowboy boots and a dog named Toto.
“Right!” Tony exclaims before adding onto that, “You can ask the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. himself if you want. He just heard about what’s happening over here and wanted to make sure that you’re handling everything. Maybe we’ll upgrade some of your technology while we’re at it.”
“Tony? You might wanna look at this.” Steve’s voice interrupts Tony’s process and he looks up to see the faint figure of Steve near the back of the room, looking down at a table. Curious, Tony makes his way over to him and follows his gaze, briefly reading the words stamped on the file before both relief and excitement wash over him like a tidal wave.
“A what? Sorry, I couldn’t hear you for a second, could you repeat that, Mr. Rogers?” Tony playfully leans closer, cupping his hand around his ear. “You look like less of a what? Hm? Would you mind speaking up a little?”
“Not unless I absolutely have to.” Steve admits. “It’s just been a while since I’ve worn a suit so formal.”
“Wow, how did you do that to your voice?” Steve’s voice is laced with awe as he walks over to Tony and looks down at his watch, the screen showing “W1”, and before long Steve figures it out. Not that Tony is surprised. Steve has a knack for figuring out modern technology quickly, despite what many people believe. “You’re disguising your voice.”
Leaning to the side with one elbow propped up on one arm of the chair, one leg hanging off the other side of the chair, and one leg bent at the knee with his shoe resting on the surface of the chair, Tony looks at Steve through his sunglasses. “You have a problem, Rogers?”
“What’s the plan?” Steve shouts to Tony above the noise, rolling up the sleeve of his suit jacket, most likely expecting a fight. That, unfortunately, is not on Tony’s agenda for today.
Tony glares at him, fully prepared to cut him off in return, until Steve walks in front of him and puts his hand on the Reactor, his hand gentle and hesitant, giving room for Tony to back off if he wanted to. Strangely enough, Tony doesn’t. He simply stands there, looking up at Steve, searching his expression.
“They were trying to take this kid off the street. I think the kid’s homeless, I didn’t see any parents nearby. Reminded me of the conversation we had. You said that they would choose someone they’ve been watching for a while and I figure they’d choose an easy target, too. Why waste materials on someone difficult to get unless you’re certain that it will work?”
Pulling himself upwards, Tony ignores the protests his back makes against the sudden movements and tries to insert himself into the fight. Vertigo has a strong hold on him and he has to lean against the wall to keep standing, nausea making his throat tighten. He considers using his gauntlet but before he can make the decision, the fight seems to stop as the woman pulls her phone out of her pocket, murmuring something to her partner before returning to look at Steve and Tony.
Tony simply stares at Steve’s smile, a smile that seemed to light up the entire dim hotel room, before he felt his own lips curl into a smirk. “Is that a challenge, Rogers?”
“Other than seagulls, I don’t see anything out of the ordinary. This is so unfair. I expected to find a bad guy secret base. I was hoping that these unstable boards on the boardwalk would reveal a secret door or something.”
Now it’s three in the morning. They both showered, relieved to have their hair back to normal, took out contact lenses that changed their eye colors, stripped themselves of their formal clothes and tossed them carelessly around the hotel room, put on clothes that
“Tony?” Ignoring Steve’s confused tone of voice, Tony grabs his arm and starts to drag him forward. “What are you doing?”
another chapter! i'm starting to dig writing chapters for this fic so i'll most likely do it more often, but i don't have a solid update schedule done yet. for now, bet on at least one chapter a week (or every two weeks if i'm busy).
“Can’t sleep?” Steve finally breaks the silence with two simple words, simultaneously breaking Tony away from his train of thought.
Tony looks up and Steve withdraws his hand; his chest only aches once with longing before he quickly suppresses it. “Once we’re done with this mission, you’re on.”
This back-and-forth game goes on for a few minutes, from favorite colors to which of the Avengers they had a tendency to favor over the others. Tony doubts that they both answered honestly for the latter, or at least Tony didn’t. Both of them tread carefully and refuse to share anything beyond small, little harmless details about themselves.
The two of them exchange worried looks in the darkness before Tony starts taking note of more of their surroundings, trying to mentally map a quick and easy exit.
“Didn’t they teach you to pay attention to your target?” As he spoke, Tony’s other hand manages to grasp the hilt of the gun and pull it towards him, where he roughly hits it against her leg, forcing her foot off of his hand. He rolls to the side, air whoosing past his ear as he narrowly misses a kick to the face, and stumbles to his feet, pointing the gun straight at the woman.
“You went undercover with Nat before, right?” Tony remembers; neither Nat nor Steve told him about it in detail and frankly, Tony never cared enough to ask but he supposes that with their current circumstances and simply because he has nothing better to say, he might as well help pass the time.
working on the mission. They both need to be in the loop of new information. Not to mention the fact that Steve has told Tony he trusts him.
He inconspicuously pushes his thumb down on a button on his watch, swiping through screens using pure muscle memory. Finally, he finds what he’s looking for and pushes down for the final time, successfully disguising his voice. He already had his contacts in his eyes so he prays that it’s enough for them to dash away any suspicions about the man in front of them being Tony Stark.
Ugh. Were the hotel pillows here always hard as rocks? Tony sleepily reminds himself to complain about that as he shifts his head, his eyelids slowly opening as a beam of pale sunlight runs across his face.
“We don’t need your money. Geez, how many times do we have to say it for you to get that thought into your thick skull? We’re just here to
“You boys lucked out,” she claims with a smirk, “we have other things to attend to. Consider this your final warning. Tell whoever you work for to find you guys a new hobby. By the way, just so you two don’t go home like kicked puppies, I’ll give you something. The name’s Laverre.”
“The only solid address we have is all the way across the city,” he mentions, remembering the address by heart despite only reading it a select few times, “and I don’t know about you but I’m not feeling city traffic today. It’s a weekend in April and you bet your ass that everyone is going to bustling in here. We’re going to be stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic for hours.”
Tony huffs and trails after Steve; even though Steve sounds confident, Tony can hear small hints of doubt in his voice. Tony knows that Steve is just as restless as he is to save lives and kick butt. He knows that he wants to know what is on the drive more than any of them, perhaps even more than Tony himself. However, it’s his strong sense of duty that stops him. The desire to do something right no matter what it takes. In a way, the two of them are two different sides of the same coin.
A silence falls between them and Tony expects the worst. Ever since their first interaction in New York when Loki tried to take over, it seemed like they were prone to arguing every second of their lives. He shifts his weight on top of one leg, biting his bottom lip before he decides to put Steve out of his misery and prevent this moment from getting any more awkward. However, before he can get a single word out, Steve’s words stop him.
“Sounds like a fun time. I have no idea how much use I would be to you if I’m full of bullet holes. You’re not taking me alive,” he warns, pretending to be adjusting his watch but in reality he made sure that it started recording what he was witnessing – whether it be sights or sounds. He had sent the SOS signal to Steve a few minutes ago while searching for his disguised voice but so far it didn’t look like he had received it.
With the decision finally set in stone, his body seems to move on its own accord. He quietly gets up from his bed, making a beeline towards Steve’s bed. His legs feel like they’re weighed down with heavy boots of lead. The paper left in his jacket, which is discarded his bed, sneers at him. He stops as soon as he’s standing in front of Steve’s sleeping face and the sight of him brings daggers to Tony’s heart.
