He couldn't breath. Always, always back to it. Steve wouldn't care that people did know who he was, even if Iron Man told him, even if those people were the President of the United States, Director Maria Hill, and the Secretary of Defense. As long as “Iron Man” wasn't in the database, he'd call him a hypocrite – which, depending on how you looked at it, wasn't quite false, except, in the end, this wasn't about the database, was it? It was about Steve's access to that database, about the fact that he wouldn't be able to go and look him up, about the reality that, in the end, Iron Man didn't want him to know who he was.
They were alone at the Yankee Stadium – or, at least Tony hadn't brought anyone; the proximity scans seemed to say Steve was alone too, except Steve's side, like Tony's, had teleporters. So, privacy was relative.
Especially as Kathy – Kathleen, not Kathy, not after what she had done – was apparently going for the angle “abuse victim”. Tony might have the clout to wither that attack, but it didn't mean it wouldn't hurt. More so when so few people would even believe he wasn't guilty – after all, he was a rich white man, glass ceiling and societal sexism were in his favor, but they also made him look more suspicious to anyone who had had to deal with that kind of bullshit. To them, it'd mean he could buy his way out of a lot – which was true – and the fact that he didn't need to buy his way out because he was innocent wouldn't prove anything to anyone who didn't want to believe it. He guessed he could only be angry at the assholes who did abuse their position so frequently, just like real abuse victims would have the right to be angry at Kathleen for making their claims seem dishonest.
“No, God, no, that's not what I meant. I... I just thought, beyond the body, I believed that it... It wasn't Tony, just Extremis. That Tony was...”
But that, too, had happened because Tony had let it happen – not that there had been much of an alternative at the time, considering the state he had been in – so he had to correct it. The plan was to disable the armors, then signal SHIELD for them to come and make sure nothing happened with the prisoners of the Vault in the meantime.
It wasn't like things weren't problematic with Rumiko. She'd probably get over him soon enough. She deserved better than him, anyway. She deserved someone who didn't have so many commitments they could barely spend any time with her, someone who didn't put her in danger just by knowing her. Someone who weren't endangering themselves every saturday and didn't make her wonder if she was going to see them again each time they parted ways.
Afterwards, when Steve and Tigra were busy talking with someone or another about what had happened, and the Silver Surfer had left, Don Blake grabbed Iron Man's arm.
Which wasn't that difficult, really. All he had to do was to think about what arguments people would use against him if he had phrased his own opinion like Steve had, about what arguments he himself always took into account when making a decision, because it was better to decide such a thing when you knew that there weren't any foolproof solutions, and only some more or less pleasant compromises.
The thought that came to him was deeply unpleasant, and therefore Steve shoved it under the rug of his conscious to focus on something else.
So, what was it? Steve wouldn't help Iron Man take care of his stolen technology, and Tony wasn't foolish enough to ask, he had to know that. Steve probably woudn't help Tony either if “Iron Man” had decided it was enough and it was time to take down his misguided boss, because Steve would definitely be helping “Iron Man” in that case.
“Yeah, you. I heard about that business of yours, the government saying you can't be Captain America anymore. It has to be rough, huh?”
He had wanted to believe, perhaps, that Steve's rebuke had been, at least, heightened by the special circumstances of the day – read, Zemo not being dead and all that – and that Iron Man would get the cold shoulder treatment too. Probably not as much as Tony Stark, of course, but still.
Steve didn't disappoint – or, actually, yes, he did, much like he always did, and in that, he didn't disappoint.
She really didn't look friendly anymore. Steve guessed she had a right not to, if what she was not saying was the truth – except she couldn't, they wouldn't have done that, and if they had, the others wouldn't have let it go, they would have done something about it.
That was the thing, with the Avengers. Usually when you got an alert you dropped what you were doing, whatever you were doing, to respond, but sometimes you couldn't for the simple reason that you were already busy fighting the good fight, or you hadn't slept in three days and weren't in a state to contribute, or...
There was a shrill in his tone, and wow, okay, while Tony was kind of happy for the obvious concern, he was also more concerned with the fact that that was what Steve thought of him, and he shouldn't be surprised anymore at that point, but it seemed that his friend could drag him deeper into evilness than Tony himself could think of on his own.
She didn't seem to find the words, so she just took a deep breath and a look at Rhodes, who looked away and didn't comment on the fact that he hadn't told her Tony Stark was Iron Man – except the man's eyes fell on a recollection of him beating a defenseless, barely recovering Tony Stark with the Iron Man armor, and he sucked in a breath and looked away from the control wall as if he'd been burned by the sight.
Peter – Spider-Man looked around – definitely not at Steve – visibly ill-at-ease with the proposition.
No, Iron Man needed to get the moping mess out of his broodiness before even trying to talk about that, so.
He decided to ignore her tone for now – because, there was something he was missing, and it was likely she wasn't angry with him, not that angry, at least, because she'd helped the resistance occasionally, so there had to be things she disagreed with in what Tony had done, there had to be, it just didn't make sense for her to sound like she wanted to rip him a new one.
Tony wasn't entirely sure why other-him had never tried to become Rogers' friend – possibly, he had been too busy, he hadn't had the time to give the man that much time outside of being Iron Man – but now he had the time – kind of – and perhaps it was time to finally try.
You could trust Captain America with a lot – Captain America was a good man – but Tony doubted he could trust Steve Rogers with a way to find out who Iron Man was and not expect him to look. And, even if Steve proved him wrong, even if he settled with knowing that indeed, Iron Man was in the database – even if Steve acted on his principles here, and not on his personal anger – wouldn't that be cruel?
Steve probably wouldn't take it, but if he just gave him a chance to explain... Maybe they could orchestrate things, Iron Man on one side, pushing for SHRA to be somewhat acceptable, Steve and all those who didn't want it on the other side, protesting peacefully, legally, reasonably with the public and the political power, to take away even more problems even if they couldn't make SHRA disappear. Captain America's word, his refusal, but also his peaceful approach would go a long way to that, and he wasn't the only one who didn't condone the act.
The fact that this was true for people who weren't his enemies at all, who were supposed to be his friends, even, or at least his allies, was not a comfortable fact.
“I... You have to be right, there's something going on and we have to find out what. But, it doesn't change the fact that I love you for who you are right now, and that whatever the actual truth is, I'm not going to give up on you, you hear that? You said it yourself, we're good together. So, whatever this is? However it happened? I'm keeping it, and if there are problems with the truth we'll just have to do better, to be better.”
Nothing made sense, and he hated that, and he couldn't come up with an actual explanation to all this mess but he was still going to say it out loud for Steve because if he didn't and it turned out he was right and something was rotten in the state of Denmark, then he'd have deceived Steve and that wasn't something he was willing to do without an actual reason to do it, just because he was afraid of the consequences to himself and himself only.
Tony shouldn't have to impose himself on him, though, not even for one afternoon. But it was necessary, if he wanted to go after the real murderer, to clear Iron Man's name, even as it was impossible for him to go as Iron Man. He needed the self-defense lesson, to get Iron Man back. Steve didn't know that, of course, but in the end, that was what they both wanted, wasn't it?
Maybe Tony should just consider that one way or another, when Steve was convinced of the evils of whatever-what-was-going-on-this-time, he never stopped to consider that maybe he wasn't right about everything – and, before anyone commented, no, Tony did consider such possibilities, he just usually ended up back to the first conclusion and so didn't change his course of action so often.
Tony did not point out that Fury's report were clear enough on the fact that, well – Bucky Barnes had been an assassin long before whoever-it-was-this-time had gotten their hands on him. Steve didn't need that reminder, and there was the matter that killing during a war and for the good guys – presumedly – was not the same thing as being a hitman. Not that Steve usually made much of a difference between the two, but then again, Barnes had always been special.
A glass of alcohol could make these doubts recede, at least partially, to let him focus on what mattered at the moment. It wouldn't be a problem, as long as he didn't let it become more than that, as long as he didn't drink enough to forget entirely the worries that kept him in check.
So Steve was already standing, in his Captain America uniform – was that a good thing, because he still stood by what he'd done, or at least, by what he'd meant by it, and he didn't want anyone to think otherwise? Was that a bad thing, because they'd be parading him around, again? He didn't know, but he guessed, in the end, that it was for the best if he assumed the worst from Stark, right?
He watched as Steve did it, slowly, as much because it was a drink as because it was Steve doing it.
Steve had always defined himself by Captain America, for as long as Tony had known him. Even the moments he wasn't Captain America were defined by his not being Captain America, in a way. He had woken up in the future without much else left than his superheroics and the identity the army had crafted for him; for a long time, downtime had been about finding who was Steve Rogers, when Captain America wasn't on the job. Later, he had become Nomad because he didn't want to be a Captain America that represented, even unwillingly, a corrupted leadership.
The silence was horrible, Tony felt horrible, and whatever had actually happened would cause a horrible amount of problems to at least two people in this room.
Not because he believed they were right to, but because he'd surrendered – because he'd seen the consequences of their fighting, and on that point at least, if only on that point... Stark had been right. Except for the fact that Stark had been right there fighting, too. The consequences were his too.
Not that Tony was very conscious for that part. You know, same old, same old. Extremis tearing itself apart, the pain, the death, the unwanted survival. Steve starting to bash the armor in as soon as it stopped hurting enough for Tony to register what was happening.
“Hell, if it would save everyone else's lives, I'd hand him the goddamn bottle myself, without thinking twice. At least that way he'd only destroy himself."
He'd done all he could, once again, to help, and this was his reward, wasn't it? To have blood on his hands, one way or another, because that was what he amounted to, a solitary figure who tried to help but only managed to stand by the deathbed of the agonizing – and perhaps, perhaps, if he hadn't been used as the weapon this time, supposing that was what was actually going on, perhaps they would still be dead, perhaps whoever was doing it would have done it another way, a way that wouldn't have bloodied Tony's hands any further, but that, that was the selfishness in him talking, wasn't it? Always making it about himself, about the consequences for him, when hundreds of civilians had died and he had been the one to kill them – he didn't particularly care about the criminals, those who had killed Yinsen, those who'd protected the murderers and certainly had a pedigree just like them, though he didn't approve, though there was a reason he didn't just condone revenge when you could do it differently, but the civilians, the innocent victims, those there was no freaking reason to kill them, and still, and still...
Tony considered answering, took a moment to watch the other skrulls who looked more annoyed by the woman's intervention than anything else, as if she was walking on their turf. As if her presence was preventing them from doing something actually productive.
Peter glanced at the interview with Gyrich, on top of the various articles, and winced – while munching on a cookie, because supermetabolisms tended to make you a glutton, Steve could testify.
A wry smile, and the skrull pointed at his head – then at Tony's head, and really, what difference did it make if the alien was actually saying the truth?
That Tony had gotten Iron Man into a mess he couldn't deal with alone, and now he was asking for the Captain's pity and his help to get Iron Man out of said mess. After all, Tony wasn't good enough to know what he was doing, was he?
The door shut, he took the helmet – his eyes went directly to the mirror, and here he was, looking terrible, but at least he was alive, wasn't he, unlike all the people who weren't and that because of him – and his left gauntlet off.
Steve wouldn't see it like that, surely, but it wasn't like Steve ever saw what Tony was trying to do for what it was worth. If Tony had to count on something to make him hesitate, it wasn't Tony Stark's generosity that would do the trick, he knew it already – Steve was already convinced he was a slimy, opportunistic bastard.
Steve still didn't get, either, that Tony didn't want his pledge of loyalty or whatever it was supposed to be, but simply... some trust. The benefit of the doubt. For Steve to ask, before assuming.
Since theatrics were a luxury that often did the job, Tony brought the mask right next to his face, hiding the left half of it under “Iron Man”, before stating what he had come to say.
Not only did Steve not even consider him – Tony Stark – worth anything, but he didn't even seem to think that other people could have another point of view than his own on him. After all, Steve Rogers was always right, wasn't he?
Captain America looked at them in anger and disgust poorly disguised as... Tony didn't even known what it was supposed to be, but that was why it was a poor disguise, wasn't it?
By which he meant, everyone he thought needed a lecture about ethics, morality, and righteousness, by yours truly, Captain America. Because only Captain America knew what was ethical and moral and righteous.
Later, when he'd wake up for the second time, he'd wonder if maybe that had been the moment it had all gone pear-shaped, that weird feeling the first time he'd been shot at the courthouse.
“I don't understand why you're doing this. You can tell him no. You can walk away. Come with me. I'll make it okay. We can make it all okay.”
“I've learned a lot of things in my life, Falcon, and one of those is that you can prove people wrong all you want, it won't make them change their mind that often. Usually, they just get mad at you. The point is that everyone else gets to see it, not that they are proved wrong to themselves. You do it when it is necessary, when you need someone else's trust, when it's simply the normal, decent thing to do. But you don't do it for yourself, not with people who are close to you, because there it only ends up becoming worse than it ever was. Trying to make people see you when they've already made their minds, it's exhausting, rarely successful, and generally far from gratifying.”
Who was he, to say that he would not help, for fear of screwing up? Who was he, to say that his conscience was worth more to him than the potential lives of innocents?
She closed her eyes, probably going through his memories now, and weirdly enough Tony didn't actually feel violated. Wasn't that something he should be feeling violated about?
He was bereft of clothes, without his chestplate, imprisoned in a magnificent example of a cell that he'd probably be looking all over with enthusiasm if he wasn't jailed in it, and about to die. And, hurting, but that went without saying, because even with the chestplate his chest kept hurting continuously, so there wasn't really a point in pointing it out.
“I... Well. It wasn't... It wasn't funny, after Gyrich got at the head of SHRA, and then there were the Skrulls, and...”
Tony gritted his teeth, and refrained from taking a step back. Talking about his alcoholism with Steve was not on today's agenda.
Tony knew, because he had been at the end of such a discourse, or listened to it even though it wasn't directly addressed at him, more than once, and no one ever resented Steve for it.
It angered Tony to a point, as he looked around, at the ruins of Hala, at the corpses of men, women and children of the Kree that were visible here and there under the rubble, that Steve couldn't even begin to consider that something had to be done, morals be damned, or all this would happen again, on Earth, somewhere else maybe, and it would be their fault. And by upholding the foolish belief that they could not kill, Steve would have failed – and would have brought everyone else here to fail – in protecting the lives of innocents.
Steve hadn't believed him, so far, whenever he did say the truth, but depending on the question, he could... There were things he hadn't told anyone, because no one cared, and those who did would almost certainly cause more harm than good shall they learn about it, but if that what it took to get Steve's ear, he'd say it. Hell, even if he asked something like, is it true Stark will go for the post of Director of SHIELD, he could say it, and the answer wouldn't be what Steve expected, but if he had to say everything, to talk about Kooning, to admit that of course this wasn't him who'd asked, that he didn't want to...
In other words, it was terribly sad that no one noticed, but at the same time, it was good that no one did, because if they did they'd become suspicious and that wasn't something he could afford – not right now, while he was vulnerable, when he had no idea how to counter, and in a more general manner not never either.
Steve sighed, looking frustrated – not with Iron Man's roundabout statement, but seemingly more with his own inability to get Tony where he wanted with just these words.
Easier than to accept the truth – that sometimes you disagreed on things, even with the people you loved the most, and that you could only blame the two of you, because in the end, no matter the circumstances, no matter the influences, you made that choice, and the other made their choice too. Easier, of course, to decide that someone else was to blame for your divergent opinions, for your inability to reach a compromise, to give in, or to convince the other otherwise.
His hearing seemed to explode on him, and he couldn't hear the rest, except the skrull who was very likely to be Agent Vera Lockhart – wait, V'ra, right, that was what not-Hank had said, and wasn't that the name of the scientist he'd met on Throneworld? – was kneeling next to him, trying to...
Steve was mulling over this all – there was something, something they weren't telling him, but he had no idea what and apparently asking was the wrong way to do it – as he walked down the street towards his flat. Which might explain why he didn't react right away when a mugger tried to threaten him with a knife and a terrible one-liner.
He wasn't sure if the fact that he warranted a joke was good, or if it just meant that this was what their friendship was now reduced to – what it had always been, a traitorous thought whispered.
Except there weren't any reports to be done because Tony had already looked at the files, just before Jan had come in, and Rogers had had barely logged out at the time, all the work done, and unless there was something he'd forgotten there wasn't anything left to be done.
“Man, you're giving me a headache. I'm not promising anything, though. The moment I think we'd be better off with Steve knowing who you are, I'm spilling the beans.”
Alone at last – Tony kind of wished he could have kept Clint around, after all he was a friend too, and... but this was between the two of them.
Except that plan was obviously shot with Steve's presence, and later on Tony would admit that the problem of the prisoners left his mind not long after the stand-off started, which allowed them to escape and cause more damage, exacty what he had feared would happen with his stolen tech.
Because if Tony was dead, it had to be for something that made sense, because, because, because he'd been too stubborn, because he'd sacrificed himself for the greater good, because, because, because he hadn't wanted to listen to anyone, because he'd thought he knew better, because he hadn't trusted anyone to do the job with him, because, because, because...
“Right. The point. Tony's injured, badly. And that's when it starts getting wild, because he's babbling about how he's fine, he's alright, he's not injured, he's not going to die, which, okay, I would be panicking too, but the lamp post disappear and all of a sudden he's not injured anymore.”
“Okay, so. Long story short, there's a secret invasion going on, Princess Veranke has been replacing people from Earth with sleeper agents, sleeper agents who think the thoughts of the people they're replacing, and who are shielded from direct scans. And, obviously, you're a number one prize, I mean, most people don't even realize all the things you do in your life, so becoming you without anyone noticing? Easy. You're a superhero, you have connections, influence. Perfect subject, really. So when you guys stumbled onto the operation in the Savage Land, well, it was a perfect opportunity.”
Steve was sulking, rolled almost all the way into a ball of misery and self-righteousness. He didn't look up from his moping, head tipped down towards his knees.
Not that way, at least. Not directly. There had been the Randall Pierce fiasco, and all those questions which answers all rounded back to the fact that Iron Man was Tony Stark, but never, never an actual question about his identity.
The blue and red woman left after one of the agents who weren't skrulls nodded, and soon after that two of them – including the skrull – headed to Tony's cell.
Steve, being the asshole he was, did neither of the two things which could have made this bearable: instead of just walking out – disappointing, but not surprising – or demanding an explanation and refusing Iron Man's rebuttal – which would have been right in line with his general disregard of Tony's wishes and decisions but could have also led them to actually try and do something productive – he decided to mock their friendship.
How did he formulate that? I wanted to know where the hell Tony disappeared to? As if she'd answer something like that. Tony's employees – when they didn't get it into their heads that somehow he was ripping them off or the general cause for global warming – were loyal to a fault, because for all the flaws people tried to pin on Tony, the man had always paid his employees better, had always given them good working benefits, had always listened to their concerns if they were founded. Tony was one of the privileged rich, yes, but unlike with most of them, the dripple-down effect did exist with him.
Tony wasn't asking for much, or at least he didn't think so. All he wanted was to spend some time with Steve.
Tony froze, as he eventually came to a conclusion he really didn't like, pushed to it by his friend's words.
He decided to work past it. If nothing else could convince her, he'd have to rely on his actions. He'd have to prove himself, like he always did.
Yes, of course, because obviously Tony couldn't be trusted with protecting his bodyguard's most important secret. Either Tony was a liar who couldn't tell the truth when asked, or he was a bastard for telling the truth, no middle ground. Damned if he lied, damned if he didn't.
“No one. I mean, perhaps they noticed I was a bit unsure of myself when we met again, or whatever, like, Jarvis did frown, but no one straight out asked me if I was alright because they thought something was wrong. Which is, you know, for the best.”
Had Tony looked at him like that, when Steve had told him he only knew compromise, back when they were both on the bloody helicarrier? Steve didn't remember.
Steve looked like he had lost his footing at the unexpected question, given how it glaringly involved him being put face to face with the fact that he, actually, had no right to comment on Iron Man's feelings, and that half the problem here was Steve's and not Tony's.
But the sooner he'd learn to deal with this, the better, even if only for his entourage. Tony may have the right to be angry, to feel inadequate, and everything else, but it didn't mean Mrs. Arbogast deserved to be confronted to his flaws of character any more than absolutely necessary.
“I... I'd barely woken up from the lies the government had me living in. I was struggling to get my memories back and acknowledge that our present was my future, and when I left my flat for the first time after I'd moved, I thought about getting a drink. You were drinking coffee and you immediately recognized me, I wondered if perhaps SHIELD was keeping an eye on me.”
Hell, Captain America could have come right to the White House after the fact, confronted the president about Hill's ways in public, and the fallout would have been better than that. But no, Steve's trust in the american people's good nature only extended so far as to say they should all live in anarchy – okay, maybe that was pushing it a little, but the point stood – and not actually trusting anyone in particular to actually form a somewhat functional system.
“What do you mean, unless I really fuck it up? I'm pretty sure they still execute traitors in this country. Seventy years in jail doesn't sound that improbable, considering.”
But Tony would never potentially endanger innocents just to stick the fact that he was right – on some point at least – under Steve's nose. That'd be arrogant and petty as hell.
Except, it didn't change the fact that it was after 03:00 in the morning, and Steve wasn't sleeping, and Tony wasn't sleeping, and they did need to speak, and... And if Steve didn't like Tony Stark, he did like Iron Man. He would talk with Iron Man, and perhaps Iron Man would manage to make things better for Steve.
If magic wasn't, Strange would nonetheless be useful, if only because he knew things about alternate realities and whatnot.
He'd have liked to think that Steve's reluctance to speak on the comm – right, Avengers comms, Iron Man, not cellphone, Tony Stark – was due to the fact that Tony and thus Iron Man as his employee could very well be under scrutiny – which he was, but SHIELD didn't have access to absolutely everything yet – but well. He knew Steve, much better than Steve knew him.
He thought of the Incident with Thor and Doom, of Steve interfering and telling Thor basically the same thing Tony had been trying to get him to understand, and Thor listening to Steve like he hadn't to Iron Man, the whole thing ending with both Iron Man and Thor being accused of being too prideful.
Which he already did as Iron Man, whenever Steve wanted to learn about the future – Tony had been tempted to propose to do it himself, but before he could manage to say it out loud Steve had tried to clap him on the shoulder, like he did to Giant Man or Thor, and...
Tony wasn't the one ruining SI, he wasn't the one responsible, but it didn't change the fact that for now, he was unable to save the company, it didn't change the fact that he wasn't good enough. People depended on him no more, and he was acknowledging that.
Steve hadn't even had the idea to listen to Captain Atlas' last words, when the kree man was the only representant of their race who knew what had happened and actually had a say in what ought to be done, in what justice the Kree deserved.
It wasn't about the money, because Tony had enough money to last him several lifetimes – something, again, that didn't make sense, and Pepper's words from the other night came back to him once more, “I've seen you go from the nicest guy in the world into... into I don't even know what you are now”, and the fact this didn't have an answer was yet another thing that made no sense. Or, he guessed, it wasn't about the money per se. He needed the money to keep him afloat as he'd work on the armor – Steve was bound to object to Tony's endangerment of his already-weak heart, but Steve had also been a medically unfit bundle of righteousness before the serum and that hadn't stopped him from doing whatever the hell he thought right so he had no right to complain – and, more than that, if the company flanked because people got scared or if someone took the opportunity to openly attack him, the employees would be the ones to suffer.
As if he had wished some of them would die on the way, killed by the Supreme Intelligence in its last efforts of defense – which had been suspiciously weak, but that was a matter to think about later – as a punishment for their decision.
He could pay for the reconstruction, now – unlike right after the disaster, when he'd had to keep an eye on his money and the fact that if he went bankrupt it would be thousands of people who would lose their jobs. Still, bringing the mansion back to its glory only to see it brought to ruins again felt too much like a certainty.
Except Tony Stark had never been Helmut Zemo, had never been a villain, had never actively antagonized Captain America – or whatever other sin you wanted to pin on him – when they'd first met, and yet that was the treatment he got from Steve.
Steve barely gave him a look, before shifting his eyes back onto his hands, fisted onto his lap, while his forehead went to rest on his knees.
Tony turned around to look the skrull in the eyes – did he have that many eyelashes? He guessed, yes. Why hadn't he tried to bat his eyelashes at Steve, back when he had still been trying to get along with the man as Tony Stark? Oh, yeah, because Steve's disgust towards him had been blatantly clear very soon, never gotten there, and anyway at the time he hadn't realized...
T'Challa, however, knew who Iron Man was, and he had to have an inkling as to what the exact consequences to this particular revelation would have, even on his wedding day. Steve, for all his righteousness, had a tendency to take everything personally, and then pretend it was all about principles. Tony had to trust that T'Challa wouldn't go so far as to endanger his own wedding only for a ploy.
There were people out there who defended him, who were against SHRA... but he also saw signs that condemned him, that said he shouldn't get away with what he'd done – what had he done, except defend his rights? But the thought of the streets on fire, because of them, streets where people lived, worked, walked, streets that meant something, maybe not to him, but to others, stopped him short.
And then Peter would call him Cap again, and Steve would feel obligated to acknowledge Peter's alias again, and then...
It wasn't like Steve's promise to consider it would be kept, anyway, even if Tony honored his end of the bargain. Ending whatever compromise whenever Tony Stark got into the picture seemed to be Steve's preferred course of action, as experience had taught Tony over and over again.
“Maria asked me for the names of people she thinks are likely to resist, and unfortunately I gave up Daredevil and Luke, so our priority should be to get Luke to safety first, especially because of his family. Jess and Dani need to be somewhere secure. The rest of the team can move out later. We've got two weeks. We can find them safehouses SHIELD doesn't know about."
Terrible. Iron Man was clearly an asshole, a sell-out, a traitor, forcing Captain America to talk – not arresting him and his people, not framing them for the destruction or whatever, not killing them on sight, not... – he wasn't totally sure what else he could have done that would be worse, but, you know, not that.
“Tell them the truth. Something happened, and I've been tested clean, but obviously I'm compromised so I'm stepping down. No one is going to believe it, but here at least they won't be able to find proof of an actual cover-up, because it isn't one. Anyway, that's what I do, don't I? I step in when someone has to, I hold the fort so that things can get better, so that they don't fall into pieces right away, until something goes inevitably wrong and I take the blame. It's not like it's new.”
Skrull-him caught his – admittedly weak – attempt at a punch with his – own – left hand and put the right one over Tony's mouth to prevent him from speaking.
“I want you to consider something, Steve. I'm black, and I'm a woman. Two facts that statistics will tell you make it very hard for me to, not only live, but be someone in this country. And yet, I used to be a police officer, until my injury got me out of the field. I didn't leave because I'd lost faith in the system, you see, I left because I couldn't do what I was best at anymore. And yes, I'm aware that regardless of individual merits, the police is generally not as fair to women or African-Americans as it is to white men. Still, I was a police officer, and I believe in what I did back then. Why? Because, the system might not have been perfect, but I could make sure that my part in it was right, and because we need a system. Or would you argue that, because black people are more or less discriminated against, we should not jail the ones who are guilty of crimes as some kind of twisted balance?”
“Not right now. I can't... I have a meeting in ten... I mean, Mr. Stark has a meeting in D.C. I have to be there with him. But after, okay? I can go supersonic or suborbital; I'll be back in New York fast. Two hours. I'll meet you. Where?”
He was shivering inside the armor – again, always, it came back to this, Tony Stark in an ocean of blood, when he tried to do better, when he didn't, apparently it wasn't about his intent, not ever, in the end everything would still collapse around him, and goddamn it, this wasn't the moment to make it about him!
“You've been shot on your way to your trial, if you recall. The bullet went right through Anthony Stark's skull before going through your collarbone. We had no issue treating the wound itself, but the little blood and brain matter the bullet took with it and into your body was another story, which ended up in a infection that took us some more time to deal with. Everything seems to be back in order, though. I'd still like you to be careful and inform us if anything, and I mean, anything, seems out of place. Between the serum and Extremis, we'd rather not have any surprise.”
It was only once this short-lived romance died down that Tony really thought back onto the subject of the possible crush Cap had on Iron Man. The few months since the not-an-incident-because-the armor-didn't-disappear had mostly confirmed what he already thought: Steve might not be on the market right now, but there were lingering feelings he had not acted on in his interactions with Iron Man. There was even – and that one was a surprise, frankly – sexual attraction, in the basest meaning of the expression; Steve wasn't looking for anything, but apparently Iron Man was his type. Somehow.
Steve hadn't yet understood this was over, though, as his last attempt to corrupt Iron Man away from Tony Stark demonstrated.
“I mean, that's what I heard. It's not like I'm an Avengers anymore, these days. Maybe I got it wrong, maybe there was another reason. But, it sounds about right. Considering.”
He noticed Steve's face, and wasn't surprised to see his lips pinched. Anything Tony Stark did was bad in Steve's book, and never mind that the contrary of what he did would be bad too, if Tony was the one doing it.
Eh. Steve would probably think this was all about him, about how he'd betrayed him, about how he'd needed him and Iron Man wasn't there, was on the opposing side. And as always, he'd fail to see that this was a two-ways road. Because Tony needed Steve's help here, he needed him to make sure this wouldn't go overboard, he needed him to steady their weight on the balance of power, because people couldn't ignore Captain America.
Tony was alone – with his goddamn wheelchair, of course – in his office, unable to... Unable to do so many things, he realized, things he didn't even want to do to begin with, but that his new inability to even make that choice made suddenly appealing.
Perhaps, if he'd died back in Afghanistan, perhaps, if he hadn't ever become Iron Man – perhaps, if he hadn't been born at all – perhaps, if he put down the suit right now, some people would be alive, people that weren't right now. But what was certain, again, was that others would be dead, if only because he wouldn't have been there to stop the Mandarin, or because the hero who would have stopped him in his stead would not have been available to handle another threat.
He was interrupted by Steve hitting his shield with his palm, forcing him to shut up as he couldn't deal with how he had been backed into a corner – either admit what they both knew to be true, that Steve was acting like a jealous, jilted lover, which he wasn't and therefore had no right not act like that, or say outright how much disdain he had for Tony Stark and that he thought less of Iron Man for not sharing his mind on the matter.
He was there because he'd fucked up with the last fight, not because he was wrong, no matter what they said about it.
Of course, now, who had to deal with Steve's unwillingness to even pretend, to even consider anything, to have the smallest amount of diplomacy involved? Hint: it wouldn't be Steve.
And no matter how much Tony tried – and he did, the strangled cry that escaped him was just another proof of how much he cared, even if now it only hurt, even if today it was only in the negative – Steve would never see that, would he?
But, he guessed, at least now he had a perfectly functional body again – none of the ailments his three selves had had had remained with his return from Counter-Earth, weirdly enough. No hightech neural system, no damage to his liver, no failing heart, not even scars. Not that he expected it to last long, knowing himself and his tendency to almost die and end up with a crippling injury.
Rhodey had been willing to go and tell Steve what exactly “trusting” the government would have resulted in, what they had done with Tony's work, how they had been all too happy to turn on America's heroes at the slightest difference of judgment, but Tony had told him not to, knowing all too well that, whatever Steve's reaction would be, it would turn into a problem more than anything else. Either he wouldn't believe it, because Steve only believed that the government could not be their ally when he was directly concerned – hence, Nomad and the Captain – and never believed that Tony Stark might have legitimate reasons to do what he did, or Steve would go and start a fight with the government – yes, another one, as if the one he was already in wasn't enough – when they really couldn't afford to lose any more diplomacy points on that front – yes, Tony recognized he had a hand in that problem, but the difference was that Steve had a choice here. Because Steve seemed to be entirely unable to consider that you didn't need to absolutely trust someone to work with them, and that it was perfectly understable for the government to want precautions against superpowered individuals, even if the way they had gone after Iron Man and Tony Stark was entirely out of line.
Peter's eyes lit up – good, it was good, he'd looked sick for the first three days after everything had gone back to normal.
But Steve didn't look particularly unhappy with mentioning Zemo, and it was more like he had been thinking of something else, something different, but puzzling – and perhaps unpleasant enough too – to warrant that frown on his face.
And he couldn't, so he'd drink instead. At least that way, once everyone would be used to not relying on him for anything... At least that way he wouldn't be able to do more damage by trying to help in a situation where nothing would ever be good enough short of a biblical miracle.
His father, as it was, had also been Tony's first contact with the hard truth that while people could be predicted, some could also react in ways that seemed illogical, in ways you'd never take yourself, if only because they had a different personality, and sometimes that personality made them needlessly cruel. That had been how Tony had learned people couldn't be trusted to be anything else than themselves, even if it didn't seem to make sense fundamentally, even if they should know better.
There was a pattern here, and it wasn't a new one, at that: anytime Tony chose to do the right thing, it came back and bit him in the ass, but he did it anyway.
“That only worked in House of M, from what Spider-Man told me, because I was a mutant who said things about myself and made them true as a consequence.”
Steve just didn't understand how people he knew, people who had been his friends, could not see that. How Tony himself hadn't.
He wanted something to drink, to take away the disgusting taste of disappointment in his mouth, to be done with the knowledge that he wasn't even good enough to warrant a chance of befriending Captain America – that Steve had deemed him unworthy of his time and concern.
T'Challa, as a matter of fact, did not reciprocate the gesture, and still had his cowl on. A telling fact, considering his identity was more than public, and he had no reason to wear his battle suit right now, if not for the possibility that Steve and Tony could have let it come to blows – or that T'Challa didn't trust them, or, really, Tony, all that much.
But Steve Rogers wouldn't be Steve Rogers if he didn't think he could make miracles happen if he was stubborn enough about what he wanted – just look at the current situation.
Except that might shut him up for a while, but that would also completely anihilate any chance of Steve ever listening to him, so – not that those chances looked bright right now, but he had to try.
Tony's mouth formed a cool smile – understanding, apologetic, totally fake but not to the eye of those who didn't know him.
“Anyway. I had the idea I could help you out. You still need a shield, right? Even if you're not... Captain America.”
“If I joined... If I joined you, what would I have? Would I have access to the superhuman database?”
There was a bit of a scuffle with an alien who turned everyone but Captain America to stone, but mostly everything went right after that. Steve seemed to like Iron Man, and that was better than anything else so far.
Tony wondered how long he would be able to continue fooling himself on that point, how long he would be able to pretend that Iron Man didn't have all the problems Tony Stark had, and the very fact that he wondered about it probably wasn't a good omen.
Was it Tony Stark who was being manipulated, or was it Iron Man? If they'd gotten to him, which him had been reached? Worse, maybe. What if they knew? What if it was both of them?
When he passed the door, he immediately saw Kooning standing next to the president's desk, and Maria Hill a bit farther back.
To be honest, thinking he could break Steve like that was very egomaniac of him. Steve would probably just stare at him, and storm out. Then it'd be all over the news, or at least, the whole community would know, in a matter of hours. Tony would sit back, let himself out of the game, and watch the world burn while they hurled insults at him, because there wouldn't be anything left for him to do, to salvage this mess, and the others would just end up having to face the fact that even without him to spearhead Registration, this wasn't going away.
“Let me guess. You came back, and Tony wasn't there, never came to apologize or whatever it is you think he should do, and no one ever commented on it, and for a time you let it go, because you didn't want to talk about it, because you were angry and of course your anger was righteous, and now that you've asked, no one is giving you a straight answer.”
Carol's face took on a wary expression, but also, he found, a note of compassion. She wasn't sure where he was going with that, but for now... For now she felt sad about what had happened. To him. To all of them. To their common friend.
Had Steve still been there for Hitler's supposed arrest, had Hitler been more than a baseline human, had he continued to be a threat of hatred and death forever and ever, would Captain America still have advocated for his survival?
Tony snorted – did not linger on the fact that, indeed, very few would be the people not to believe he'd fallen off the wagon again, and certainly Steve wouldn't because Steve never did. Wanda had offered to accompany him, so she could say he hadn't been drunk, but apart from her...
“Wouldn't it be better if people knew that you are one of them, that you understand what they are afraid of?”
He took a deep breath – he couldn't afford to cry, he couldn't, he didn't have the time, the more time he lost crying on himself was time he lost before the next blackout.
Tony's hand twitched. There went the pretense that Jarvis didn't know – Tony wasn't quite certain how many people did, now, but the number of people who had deduced it by themselves and who weren't enemies was ridiculously low, proving once again how many of Iron Man's friends did actually know him at all. Steve still hadn't caught on, and not because he was stupid, not because there weren't any hints, but simply because he couldn't fathom the idea, that Tony Stark would even sacrifice some of his time to make the world better, let alone all the other things he'd lost along the way.
Probably that Tony Stark had no business calling him, especially after how their last encounter had gone. He thought about apologizing, but it wasn't like Tony's word had ever been worth anything to Steve. It wasn't like Steve would believe he meant it.
There was no point trying to be that good, it just wasn't possible, and Tony was tired of trying. All he wanted was to sleep.
The two skrulls looked at each other with a smirk, and the first one drew out a – a what? It looked like a stun gun. Tony really, really didn't like it.
He wasn't talking about whoever was doing this – what if it was Tony? What if he'd blown a fuse, finally, what if...
Well on the way to being in love, though. And just that was enough to send him down the bottle one more time, with her words simply confirming what he already knew: he wasn't worth anything – not anymore, maybe never before.
Stark had positioned himself between the sniper and Steve while Steve had positioned himself between the marshal and the sniper.
Steve's problem was that he still thought America was great, or any other kind of bullshit – or at least that their country held the potential to be great – no matter everything they'd seen along the way, no matter how much depravation he was confronted with again and again. He thought that the people would end up doing the right thing, just because it was the right thing to do, and that of course it would happen soon enough that nothing too important would be lost in the meantime. He didn't seem to understand that what mattered in life wasn't what you deserved – in this case, trust, respect, anonymity – but what people owed you – and they certainly didn't owe you the right to endanger their life on a daily basis on the ground that you supposedly knew better and had good intentions.
Then they'd have something to hold over him for SHRA – they did, anyway, but like hell he was going to let them get as much as they wanted.
Tony should know; after all, he was the king when it came to not talking about things – and yes, sometimes it was a bad idea, but sometimes it was also the least bad idea in a bag of worse alternatives.
He'd stood against SHRA because he believed that, indeed, superheroes would hold themselves accountable without the need for governmental supervision, so perhaps he should start there. Show them that indeed, just because he was Captain America, he wasn't going to ignore his mistakes.
The face Steve did at that could barely pass for a smile to someone who knew him, and Steve might not be aware of it, but Tony did know him.
A skrull in the background made a face, and probably snorted, but Tony couldn't hear him from inside the cell, not even through the mic. Tony considered ignoring him, but he also knew how people reacted – and, as foreign as the skrulls were, they were still a form of people.
Or did you just decide it was wrong because you didn't like the idea, went unsaid. He didn't need to antagonize Steve. Steve hadn't yet turned around and slammed the door, so.
Never considering that maybe, it wasn't his help that they needed. That maybe, their current fear of people like them would get in the way and make more damage than his help could cover.
Honest, perhaps, in his contentment at getting away from Tony Stark, thanks to Tony Stark's own suggestion of a – bogus – excuse.
“Of course they were. Except I wasn't the one tailing you for them, I just knew a number of things they'd rather I didn't. You weren't there for Fury's visit right after we separated, but let me tell you, it was a lot of fun. Still, go on.”
No need to worry them, right? He'd been injured, but it hadn't been as bad as they'd first thought – he didn't comment on who were that “they”, and, by the way, now he was going to have to call up Nick's latest LMD and have Maya, yet another old friend, arrested.
After all, Steve wanted to leave and hope that the surviving krees would punish the Supreme Intelligence themselves. As if they didn't have better things to do, right now, like organizing their survival, like they wouldn't just lynch the supercomputer if they knew, worse, like there would be anyone to tell them what had happened now that Atlas had gone kamikaze and after the Avengers would be “gone” – not that they'd believe the word of the Avengers more than the Supreme Intelligence's if they stayed to explain, just like Atlas hadn't believed it until Minerva admitted knowing all about it, and she was dead too. Like the Supreme Intelligence would be honest with the remaining krees and tell them he had happily slaughtered their families and friends – and even should the Shi'ar get there in time to do anything about the Supreme Intelligence, they would destroy it all the same; maybe they'd go through its knowledge in the most damaging ways beforehand, so it wasn't like anything better would come out of it.
After all, Miss Potts was now CEO of SE, wasn't she? Tony probably still owned something like 99% of the company, because he wouldn't go around letting anyone get their hands on his life's work, not after the Deltites, not after Stane, not after Morgan Stark had sold the company away to Fujikawa, not after all the times Tony had had to wrestle his inventions out of reach... But he wasn't heading it anymore.
And Steve didn't know what Stark was implying, but he was pretty certain he didn't like it – or that he wouldn't once he'd get it.
“Your people cloned Thor, and he killed Bill Foster, and you think maybe you haven't gone too far yet?”
Steve got a doopy smile on his face, then, it looked very weird and Tony was totally concentrated on Captain America being drugged – almost – out of his mind because the other thoughts available were mostly depressing and not something he needed right now. Or, like, ever, but that wasn't up to him, was it?
Neither Tony Stark nor Iron Man could afford to let their doubts overcome them, either, or they would be unable to do anything, to help anyone. They had to act, even when they weren't sure of themselves, even when they knew there had to be a better way, even when that better way eluded them and left them with only a lesser solution.
Tony had never bought out businesses only to break his promises and cannibalize them, he had never toyed with the line of what was legal and what wasn't just for the hell of it, he had never done anything that could land him in this category of assholes. And yet, here he'd ended up, as just that kind of asshole.
Steve clenched his fists as he thought back to one of his last conversations with Tony. How Tony had dared to ask if... if...
One of the Jessicas – right now Steve couldn't tell them apart – patted Peter on the head and pushed him out of the room.
But they weren't there yet, and by then Tony was only vaguely aware that he was missing something important – not what, of course, because that was the point of missing something – so let's go back to their present, with Tony being indirectly accused of having control issues by a “friend” who thought he was someone other than himself.
That she'd go to Rhodes for help, though, that was one thing he hadn't expected – Tony's last encounter with the man came to Anthony's mind, and he gritted his teeth as he remembered how much shit Bethany had given him over standing for his convictions when Rhodes had been taking an update of the War Machine armor for granted, no matter what he did, no matter whether or not Tony agreed with him on how he used the armor. Sure, Tony had given him the armor, and sure, he'd lied to him about his death – which, by the way, was barely a lie at all, considering the actual odds of him making it back – but that did not mean he owed him an armor upgrade no matter the circumstances. That did not mean Rhodes had the right to attack him at his own plant.
Steve, most certainly, would, if he learned that his best friend Iron Man was really the man he couldn't even have a friendly conversation with, Tony Stark.
The faceplate in her hand chirped, and sailed through the energy wall, right into Tony's hand – not that there was much space to cover, but, you know, energy wall. The cell's entrance shorted out – as did the electronics in the faceplate that had recognized his DNA signature, but as he'd said earlier, everything had a price.
Tony got there too late for Steve's “team meeting” – that was a lecture he thought to give, not a meeting of equals, that much was obvious, and in such a lecture he'd never have to even listen to anyone else's opinion, because Captain America was always right and righteous – but he'd have gone if he had been able to, if just so that Steve wouldn't hold this, on top of everything else, against him.
After all, Captain America was always right. If he'd decided that he was fighting this, why would he listen to what “this” was? It was wrong, because he said so.
In general, Steve treated Tony Stark the exact same way he'd treated Zemo back then. The moment something looked like it could maybe be something that wasn't actually an act of goodness but a plan of evil, Steve jumped on the opportunity to brand it an act of villainy.
It was fine. It wasn't like Captain America had to want be Tony Stark's friend – it wasn't like anyone ever wanted to be Tony Stark's friend, but with Steve, at least, Tony hoped he could become something more than an acquaintance. Not even a good friend, not a best friend, but... a friend. Just a friend.
“What happened is that Crossbones was at that window, and Stark caught it before any of us. He sent the armor to detain him, and went to you himself. Which ended exactly the way the doctor told you. With Stark dead and you treated here for two weeks. We're investigating the rest of it.”
There was so much there he could address, starting with the way Steve seemed so down with spitting on Tony's friends, on his own friends, who had risked their lives just as often as most other veterans superheroes, who deserved more than what Captain America was giving them here, no matter their flaws. True, on a rather more PR level, Reed and Hank didn't rank as high as Iron Man, especially as Reed was shit at human interraction, and Hank had Ultron and That One Time in his wake, but Steve knew next to nothing about PR, so this stung coming from him.
At the same time, he had heard about what was going on with Steve, and his – he didn't want to call Steve his friend, because it was obvious that Steve didn't think as much of Tony Stark, but – friend, while entirely able to do the job without his shield, would still be more efficient and better protected with a shield. Steve had things to do, and a shield would make it easier.
As for Tony Stark, well. The Avengers kind of liked him, but they weren't exactly friendly. It was just that, Jan aside, they didn't know him, and, for obvious reasons, Tony wasn't trying really hard for that to happen. He wasn't half-bad at this secret identity jig, but it wasn't like he never made mistakes – half of it was really that people just couldn't imagine him being heroic and so didn't even consider the possibility of him actually being a hero. If he could keep out of the way as Tony Stark, that was probably better for everyone, himself included.
After they left, the ghost looked at Steve with something akin to concern – or perhaps pity, who knew? Not Steve.
Which didn't mean that he was necessarily wrong, but... Perhaps he had gone too far, occasionally. Perhaps, if someone had been there, on his side – but Rhodey had been, so maybe it was more of a matter of having more than one single person believing in you – he'd have seen that, he'd have found a better way.
Yes, that was what he'd do. He'd make the most of both situations to end SHRA in both timelines, with things he wasn't supposed to know but still would, thanks to the diverging timelines.
He took a steadying breath, and went back to it. Steve wanted an explanation, didn't he? Well, he'd get it – not that he'd believe anything of it, not that he would believe anything that didn't basically say “gosh, you're right, Steve, I have absolutely no self-esteem and even less of a capacity to make choices for myself and while we're at it did you know that Mr. Stark as a very nice ass?”.
The man gave him a look and Tony had to refrain from taking a step back – and in his eyes, there was that question to which Tony couldn't answer, not at all, because yes, he was the same man as the one dying in Captain America's arms, but no, he wasn't him, obviously not, and how did he even start explaining that without mentioning that it was Tony Stark who had just died in – Steve Rogers, the files Tony-over-there had dropped onto him said – Rogers' arms?
Personally speaking, he wasn't quite sure why he wasn't just deciding not to think about it, ever again, considering how painful it would be to discover that yes, dear, Steve Rogers was in love with you – or could potentially become so – as long as he didn't really know you and after having proved that he couldn't care less about the real you.
Before the truth could settle – if it wasn't a dream, if he'd been shot, if he still had the wound, if it had been real, then...
Tony stayed silent, immobile – didn't comment on Steve's arrival, didn't move to acknowledge his presence.
Steve obviously had no idea – again, Tony's fault here – what it was that he was promising here. An usual problem with secret identities, as it was.
Voices around him, screams, and someone talking with hurried words, but not to him, not only to him – yes, he was alright, kind of, no, it was okay, but what had happened, what...
“I mean, I'm planning to denounce the act publicly, of course. If you stand up with me we might change a few senators' minds, but I think it's best to assume at this point that the SHRA is a done deal, and we need to start running the resistance.”
“Then there's you. I don't know why we're together on my end, and you don't know why on yours either. How did it happen? Not sure. We know how, but not why, and in the end that brings us right back to the 'how' being senseless. Not only you don't do one night stands, but I'm also everything you hate. I'm a shark, I tear into small and big businesses alike and I don't care who gets hurt in the process. My 'redeeming qualities' are my money, my brain and my good looks. If you look at what I did with my life, I'm trash, Steve, so why are you here, why do you care?”
On this end of the story, he guessed, the first thing to do would be to talk to Doctor Strange about what was going on. If magic was the cause of all of this, the magician would know what to do.
Maybe... training, or at least an evaluation of people's powers and skills was necessary. But if they played their cards right, they could manage to keep enlistement an option, rather than mandatory, and perhaps a system of independent, but licensed, superheroes.
Of course, things changed right after they finished their handshake – and Tony couldn't even say he didn't like it better that way, because leaving things unsaid might make it look like they agreed not to talk about it, but more often than not it just turned out that one, if not both, of the people involved simply hadn't seen fit to discuss their decisions. That way at least he might have a chance to convince Falcon if the man didn't get it already – and if they couldn't come to an agreement, well... At least Tony would be warned.
...was planning to go back home to ask his two best friends where his former best friend n°3 had disappeared to and why they'd let him. Considering neither Sam nor Bucky had thought it important enough to tell him yet – worse, maybe, that they might not have wanted to tell him, that they might have thought he didn't want to know, that he'd rather never speak of it again – well.
But it didn't matter that he couldn't hear very well, because the next moment all he remembered was that one of the mutates had dragged him off and they'd ended up shuffling far from the others, but now he needed to get back to them and make sure everything was alright.
The door opened at that exact moment, revealing Hank in civilian clothes, but with an unknown device in his hands, a dark look on his face.
Captain America was a good man, though, so he didn't say anything – and perhaps Tony would have wanted him to explain what was wrong, what he had gotten wrong, because right now he felt like he was back face to face with his father, and Howard Stark was looking at him like there was something fundamentally wrong with him but he wasn't going to tell him what, and Tony couldn't ever get better when people just wouldn't tell him how...
“I'm breaking you out, Tony, so shut up, please, if you don't want the others to come here and find us. Just... Stay silent, for now, I promise I'm going to explain later.”
Steve made a face – again – but this time it wasn't quite as unpleasant as the fake smiles. It was more... uncertain. Maybe a bit happy.
He could feel the tears rolling down his cheeks, the snot running down his upper lip, and when he talked next, he could barely understand his own words.
Tony may or may not have tried to hide behind Don when the others had arrived, and Steve had definitely made a face – shocked, disbelieving, possibly angry – when he'd eventually caught a glimpse of “Mr. Stark”. The next question had been “What are you doing here?” because he could obviously not process the fact that Iron Man was apparently “that Tony Stark”. Swordman and Vision had shared a look, looking like they'd rather not intrude on whatever had Captain America looking like he'd swallowed a lemon, but unable not to react.
Or not. But in that case, Tony wouldn't be here to live with it, and he couldn't quite bring himself to care for the consequences that he wouldn't have to face anyway if it came to that.
Still, he didn't see how to tell Steve that without getting punched, and anyway he'd promised – he should have known better, really, because obviously Steve would manage to ask the one question no one wanted answered, not even Steve himself, no matter what he thought.
Not that Tony expected Steve to listen, but he could still come up with plans – in case Steve did listen, even just a little, just enough for him to at least consider the situation rather than simply reacting at it.
Steve would be too busy resenting him for being Iron Man – for being Tony Stark? – to really care about anything else, and by the time the anger would have waned, well, he wouldn't have any energy left to rant at Tony's grave about his self-sacrificial tendencies.
He really needed to find the man, and screw his head back on the right way, because... Because they couldn't leave it like that. They just couldn't.
Wilson looked at him without saying a word for a long time, as if he was trying to make things fit in his mind and he didn't quite like the look of it.
Ask away, I might have an answer for like 90% of the points, down to why I've used the past tense unlike Sineala ( like, obviously, because I'm more comfortable with it, but I also have a Tony-related reason)
They left the pub – really, Steve was just following after Misty, because what she was saying didn't make sense, because it couldn't be true, because they wouldn't have, because...
Seeing as Steve was glaring at his bowl of milk – Tony would ask where was the coffee in all that, and what the milk had done to him, but the ghost wasn't Tony, Tony wasn't here, and Tony would never be anymore, because he'd taken a bullet to the head to save Steve's life – nothing more was said on the subject – for now.
They had met, once or twice, just here and there, along the years, but they hadn't exactly gotten to know each other. The most he knew about her was from Tony – about how efficient she was, about how resilient she was, about... In person, though, Steve had only witnessed a few worried looks, and the sad frowns she used to give Tony whenever he was running himself ragged and she knew it, but couldn't say a thing because in the end, the world mattered more than Tony Stark's life and they both knew it.
Eventually he decided to enter the place as he was – not in the armor, not as Iron Man – because this might be the last time he ever saw Steve and even if Steve hated him he didn't want to die without one last face-to-face.
That, he didn't say outloud, because Steve wouldn't stand by it and Tony was not feeling like arguing about the fact that he deserved to die or suffer.
Bethany believed in him, and Jarvis too, up to a point – whether or not Jarvis' way to deal with the issue, the fact that he had left, had been the right way to help him snap out of it wasn't in question; only his intent was.
Peter intervened, Steve made a spiteful answer about “principles” in a way that made it entirely obvious to anyone who actually listened that it wasn't, in fact, principles he was talking about, because while safety was a concern and anonimity a luxury in a world of heroes and villains, neither were freaking principles.
His eyes caught the vivid blue glint of Steve's for a moment, and he wasn't sure, but Tony thought the supersoldier might have been conscious – barely, but conscious.
Was it what Tony was doing right now? Was he playing Clark Kent somewhere in Europe, pretending he wasn't Tony Stark – letting them all deal with his problems?
Cap certainly meant it, when he said he had his back, but that alone didn't make it true. Steve had that image of Iron Man, perfect and unblemished, without any of the depth or of the hurt a real person had, and listening to him, it was like Steve was in love with the idea of Iron Man, with the abstraction of it, while demonstrating that he would never actually be able to even appreciate the man behind the mask.
The environmental scanners had already told him what his eyes confirmed when he turned around to see the Captain standing there, looking all – self – righteous, betrayed, and at the same time... What was it? It kind of looked like Steve wanted to help Iron Man – not Tony Stark, no, of course not. Terms and conditions concerning that help may apply, though, and Tony knew these weren't in his favor.
“Yeah, because skrulls are always so intelligent too. People only see what they want to, that's what it is, and you might argue to the contrary, but you probably are no better than us on that point. Now, moving on: what do you want?”
Not good for not antagonizing Steve, that. Then again, it wasn't like the man didn't do his own part of the antagonizing well enough.
Everything was going... as well as it ever went, especially when you considered that Tony had had to take over “Dell Rusk”'s position as Secretary of Defense – a job he didn't want, but someone had needed to take care of the various messes left behind by Skull and Tony and the President had thought it was better to compromise and get him in the position than to have Stark Enterprise suing the government for using patented inventions without his authorization and while being grossly undercompetent with those and generally endangering the public – continue being Iron Man – yes, he'd told the President, and the President alone, compromise, you get it – stop being Tony Stark, CEO of SE – that one felt weird, to be honest – and be in an actual election – not that he was used to having people leering at him in hope of a scandal or anything.
Ah, yeah. “Neutrality”. Or, as he liked to call it, “you're wrong and you know it and if you don't then I don't care because I am right and you should know it”. Heroes, and poticians too, tended to get like that often enough. Tony wouldn't pretend he never got like that either.
Tony gritted his teeth and said nothing when the mansion – his only true home, though he did appreciate his other residences – was destroyed by the Masters of Evil. Because he understood that this was the results of his actions, of his choices, of the Avengers' need for headquarters. He had painted a target on the mansion, by all but giving it away to them, because he could provide and someone needed to. The fact that it hurt him every single time a supervillain blew a hole in it didn't matter compared to that.
Steve was just next to him, now, and he had that look in his eyes, the one that said he had absolute faith in his own words, in what he was going to say now. It had to be nice to be so certain of yourself.
Tony snorted, straightened his tie – he needed to do something with his hands, and holding a drink was out, so.
Cap had not stopped staring at Tony, not even after the armor had reappeared right back on him – again, thank you Wanda – to the point that Tony was almost certain the supersoldier had purposefully decided to stay at the end of the queue they were making, just so that he could stare at Iron Man's armored back.
He could already see Cap put on his stubborn-face, as the man reaffirmed his grip on Tony's shoulder, as if it would give his oncoming statement more truth.
Of course, if they kept superheroing without authorization afterwards, they'd go right back on the list, but Tony could manage a minimum of compromises within the purview of the Act. If no major catastrophe happened in the next two months, he might even succeed to push for a voluntary, default reserve statut.
But Tony was also thirty-two and dying over there, in Captain America's arms of all people, and had been twisted into a shadow of who he was supposed to be – to become – by a time-travelling despot and he'd just been killed by himself – which felt disturbingly cathartic in a murder / suicide way but let's not talk about that – when he had been twenty-two and hadn't lived through all the physical pain he now knew – emotional pain was another question, obviously, and not one he wanted to talk about to anyone – and he really, really hoped the kid would have enough self-preservation not to get himself crushed by his expectations of Captain America and his actual relationship with Steve Rogers amongst a lot of other things.
Steve was here, on the Helicarrier, eating a bagel “Iron Man” had gone and gotten him, while Tony himself just stayed in the armor and listened to the man sell his speech about reforming the Avengers – never asking Iron Man if he wanted to, just assuming that he did, because no matter how many times Iron Man told him he couldn't do it, not right now, not ever, maybe, because he'd lost his faith, because he was emotionally and mentally washed out, Steve never listened, he pushed, and he pushed, and he pushed, until the person he was wearing out without even meaning to just walked out on him or gave up and agreed. And it didn't matter that Tony could be just as freaking stubborn as Steve, because Steve didn't even listen to him when he said no, when he said he couldn't.
He had to wonder, was it – if it wasn't Tony, if there was someone else behind all this – linked? Or had whoever was running this show only decided to use them because they were an obvious target for Tony Stark, criminals whom people might actually believe he wanted dead?
That Iron Man was free of the expectations people had of Tony Stark meant he could do all the things people wouldn't trust Tony to do, that he didn't have to worry as much about friends getting caught up into his superheroics – and, well, that he didn't have to be Tony Stark when he was Iron Man was a welcome advantage, admittedly.
Unlike many people seemed to think, Tony knew he could be wrong – no, more than that, he knew he could not be enough, while still being right. Seeing a situation for what it was, instead of for what you wanted it to be, didn't necessarily mean that you knew how to make it better.
And after that, what, Steve? What would the surviving people would do, after that? What would they do, after having proven to the people that they would not listen to their concern, that they wouldn't even consider the fact that they were dangerous, that means to deal with them were needed in case something happened?
And suddenly it was obvious, the link between what Iron Man had been telling Steve and the look at the file, the fact that of course Bucky Barnes, should he be actually alive for once, would be out there assassinating people – that was what brainswashing usually led to, Tony had the statistics – on some villain's orders.
But, regardless of what Tony believed was going on in Steve's head – regardless of the fact that he was almost certainly right to think so – he would listen to Steve, at least long enough to confirm what he already knew. Because Tony, him, tried not to make assumptions and then just decide he was right regardless of the facts that followed. Because, even when he didn't believe in someone, he tried to give them a chance anyway.
“So, when a situation arose in China, and Tony had to dedicate most of his processing power towards stemming the technological virus that was endangering thousands of lives, preventing him from reacting in time as someone attacked him physically on the Helicarrier at the same time, well.”
So, yeah. Let's be totally honest here: Tony was absolutely going to give a weapon to a future-former ally that wouldn't see a problem with using it against him if he thought he was right to, probably sometime in the next few days, even if it was a completely stupid move.
Not only was this something that would have happened – that had to happen, that he'd told them would happen, but of course since when did anyone listen to Tony Stark? – something that showed why they couldn't go on like this, but more than that, it was something impossible to spin into less of a catastrophe. There were proofs, there was footage, and while Nitro was obviously the most guilty party here, he also wasn't the only one.
As a few other people in the crowd cheered the man who'd thrown the tomato, and started insulting Stark while they were at it, Steve noticed the man's sudden frown, and the way his eyes shifted to...
Steve's voice had slipped in that frankly terrifying Captain America tone – you know, the one Tony was entirely not afraid of because he was all too aware of Steve's flaws, but that still hurt, like, a lot, to hear directed at him – as if he had any right to...
It took him a few minutes to take a breath, calm down, and force a smile on his face – not that the mask didn't keep it invisible, and the voice modulator would keep his tone covered, but Steve seemed to notice him being tense even in armor at the worst times – after he left the reunion with Hank, Reed, the President of the United States, and basically the whole Cabinet, and obviously Hill's choices and Steve's acrobatics had been half the conversation.
Tony heard Jarvis take a step towards him, but the older man stopped before he could – do what, exactly? What was there to be done, at this point?
Oh, actually, it was like he was talking about Yinsen here. He could work with that. What did Tony Stark think about his encounter with Yinsen – that he didn't deserve to be the one walking out of there, that he should have found a way to get both of them out, not just himself, because who needed a tool that could save itself but not those it was supposed to serve?
Of course, he knew how some people saw him. He wasn't exactly surprised that not everyone was willing to even give him the benefit of the doubt, that some always and without fail believed the worst of him – ugh, Firebrand – and made up their opinion of him regardless of any facts.
What if he wasn't being controlled by anyone – how, why, who? What if, this time, it was just him...
Well, look at that. Happy was right – Tony too, but he could have been biased, personal feelings and all that.
He saw Steve clench his jaw, and wondered if he was more pissed at Iron Man or at Tony Stark – because obviously this was all Tony Stark's fault, it couldn't be because Iron Man himself didn't want Steve to know. Which, fair, but not considering what Steve knew, and what he thought he knew.
He observed his “friend”'s reaction, trembling a bit in anger inside the armor, ready to defend himself, again, from any kind of verbal lashing that was about to come, there was no other possibility, not with the way the Captain looked like he was going to go for the throat, when...
Not that Steve wouldn't be a catastrophe – on both a personal and global level, because he'd hate the job and wouldn't have the flexibility to make it work – in that role, but hey, apparently that was what it'd take.
“I was talking about your other friends, Captain Rogers. The ones you stood by when you decided you'd rather campaign for your own rights, and to hell with everyone else's.”
“Captain Rogers, I don't want to talk about Tony. Not with you. Not after everything you did. Not after everything you didn't do. So if that's your only reason to...”
He looked back at his friend one last time before leaving, and gave him a last hint, one that Steve, as usual, wouldn't even try to understand, which was why it wasn't dangerous to tell him.
Tony wondered how much it hurt Steve to admit that – or if he was just saying it not to look like an asshole but without actually believing it.
“I'm sorry, I'm going to try and not pry too much. So, back to what I was saying. There are skrulls in about every group of power here, Hydra, SHIELD, some superheroes, political leaders, I don't know who they all are, but we're everywhere. For now, they're just sleeper agents, most of them, but when the plan will come into motion, we're all going to have to report. I'll borrow your face when I have to, but I promise I'm just going to pass myself off as a random human woman in the meanwhile.”
Once again, Steve had his little, absolutely-not-questionable plan to take Iron Man out. Nothing better than to do the whole scrambler ruse again, except this time without ruse and with Vision's assistance instead.
It wasn't just Steve, at that. Mantis and the Defenders were giving him weird looks whenever they thought he wasn't paying attention – not Strange, though, because Strange was a bit too involved with worrying over Dormammu and him and Namor had already known, anyway. Speaking of him, Namor had looked at him, given the others a long look – especially Steve – and snorted without a word. Even T'Challa wasn't commenting, and Tony was reasonably sure the king had had his own guess on the matter. The only one who'd even bothered talking to him was Don, who was facing his own identity reveal with a forced expression of indifference and a glare at anyone who even looked at his walking stick while Tony helped him along the tortuous paths of the Dark Dimension.
To be frank, T'Challa had probably been playing a role during that card game, but. As everyone knew, even in roles people tended to tell part of the truth, if they wanted it to stick and seem real enough to the ones who didn't know about the role.
Steve looked pissed – as usual, then – gave a look at Iron Man's hand, at the helicopters above them, at the general scene, and...
But he could never know. For what Steve knew of the situation, it was only a joke, and Iron Man was simply complaining about Steve not trusting his judgment on his employer. No big deal.
No, it was easier to pin his actions on his “control freak tendencies”, which was frankly hypocritical coming from a man who thought that anyone who draped themselves in the American flag was their responsibility, especially if they did it while committing crimes.
Besides, they didn't always lie. Just, often enough – sometimes it wasn't so much a lie as a lack of details, a lack of knowledge.
Tony blinked at Steve, more than aware that it wasn't how any of Iron Man's training sessions had ever started, and knowing that Cap didn't expect him to have any kind of combat experience, or half as much strength as he did. Tony wasn't a supersoldier, and while he in fact was in very good shape, Steve couldn't know that – considering what he thought of Tony Stark, he probably expected him to be no more than a couch potato or any equivalent from the 40's.
As for Tony, well. He'd take Captain America liking Iron Man and not Tony Stark, if that was all he was allowed. It was better than nothing, really. Cap could have not liked Iron Man either.
Anyway, the comment about his attire was because Steve had eyed him judgingly – not that he wasn't used to it by now – when he'd had first caught sight of him, just so you know. Because yes, Captain America got to judge people on their clothes, too.
Steve had gone to sleep at 23:12 with Tony Stark's ghost listing all the ways things could go wrong for him during the upcoming trial, supposing he didn't get shot again – or possibly altogether erased from time by Kang, who knew? – with the slight hope that maybe he'd actually dreamed the alternate timeline – or dimension, perhaps, the ghost was confusing him – and he only really had to deal with the ghost.
“But it's not too late to stop. You haven't done anything that can't be fixed. Put the negator down and come with me. We can still do this the easy way.”
And, ideally, he'd manage to put an end to this, while also getting rid of the ghost in the other world, because he really didn't want to have a Stark he couldn't shut up by his side, for the rest of his life, telling him things he didn't want to hear.
Steve, though, Steve would gamble it all, all or nothing, because he had no idea – because he didn't want to know – what “nothing” really was.
They had the galls to be judgmental, never considering that the ones who did make a choice – who allowed them not to make one – could be judging them just as such.
The interrogation mark was barely audible, and it was obvious they were both remembering their last meeting – Hill ordering him to round up the heroes who were likely to oppose SHRA once it would be law, and then turning her men against him when he refused.
I'm attracted to you. Except, it doesn't work, because I didn't know you back then and I still hit on you, and I'm trying, I'm really trying, but I don't know why I did, and I can't tell what I was thinking, it's like someone told me the story of my life and it almost fits but here and there I just have no idea why I've made those choices and why I took these decisions.”
He's come to you, Tony kept reminding himself, he had to think they could do something, they could try, he had to, there was a chance, they could make it work without too much damage – Tony had, of course, plans in case he had to shoulder it all mostly alone, those were even the plans he was following for the moment, but if Steve agreed, if Steve could regulate the other side, it would be more efficient, there would be less damage, of course it could be better than if Tony did it all alone...
He could ask how much exactly Steve knew, and say that hadn't been what had happened, actually, because there was a difference between hacking and remote control, but how would Steve know, uh, since they hadn't talked about it, not after Steve's accusations of the day?
He was purely broken, this time, and there was no coming back from that. Especially not as coming back from it wouldn't just ask of him to get himself out of the bottle, but also to shoulder all his responsibilities again, no real time to adjust back to being Tony Stark, because that wasn't how it happened for him, never, he didn't get a break unless he'd planned it carefully himself and even then there was always the possibility of something urgent and life-threatening occurring during his vacation. The real world didn't allow for people to come back gradually, to get the time to heal themselves before being thrown out to the sharks again, or if it did, it also made an exception for him and it was either “be Tony Stark” or “be the drunk no one cares about”.
Except some of the things the ghost said were damn hard to ignore and not confront – but he'd also found out that confronting the ghost wasn't always in Steve's favor, because the ghost of Tony Stark was just as infuriating as the man himself, and thus arguing with him was rarely satisfying.
“I told you already we telepaths don't really like dwelling in your thoughts, except maybe for the surface ones. Being in your head feels both terribly depressing and like I'm caught in a whirlwind. That aside, my point was, Tony, that Wanda had made a world where the people who had just tried to stop her were content enough that they wouldn't be trying too hard to change things. Captain America, for example, might not have liked the way that world went after WWII, but he'd gotten to live out his life and stand for what he believed in, which made it enough for him.”
He was half-hoping he'd have a heart attack, right now, right here, to get him out of this conversation, but 1) Steve would then find out who he was while trying to save him, and 2) this wasn't about Tony, this was about Steve, and about helping him sort out his feelings after Zemo resurfaced.
Steve and the marshals stopped for a moment, as Stark wiped away the tomato on his face, and the SHIELD agents around him put their hands on their guns out of instinct.
The thing was, the things Steve had seen in this life... He honestly didn't think the tomato was the trigger. He had no doubt that the tomato-thrower wasn't the guilty party. But he couldn't say that it definitely wasn't it. Being stuck in this situation through a tomato thrown at his head might seem ridiculous, preposterous, but all in all...
He made to leave, but stopped – what the hell, he'd already said so much, he could go all the way, couldn't he?
Misty took a swig of her beer, and – smiled, but not quite, there was something really unpleasant in that smile, and if Steve hadn't known any better, he'd think she blamed him for something, but didn't want to say it until he actually knew about it.
But he'd have hoped that a child, one whose parents he knew and met occasionally, as Tony Stark as well as Iron Man, would know better. Wouldn't see him as that kind of bastard.
Steve seemed rather put out by his tone – and, alright, Extremis might have made the voice modulator sleeker, but come on, it still wasn't a human voice, how could he even tell?
Captain America was a good man, who always tried to be fair. The fact that he didn't always succeed was another matter entirely, and in this case it was on Tony for not giving him all the data – with good reason, but it didn't change the fact that he was witholding his being Tony Stark – and for not being a better person in general.
But this wasn't about him, not this time – not ever – and he needed to... to stop it, somehow, and right now he didn't know how to but his feet – okay, GPS system, same thing – had brought him here, and perhaps Steve would have an idea, perhaps they'd manage to stop it, to make sure no one else died because of him.
Steve stopped – one of the agents frowned, but didn't say a thing, not for now, because apparently some of them still had some respect for Captain America, and hadn't Steve thought exactly the exact same thing in his dream? – and turned to look at Iron Man talking to another SHIELD agent, probably giving some order or another, because that was who he was now, the Director of SHIELD.
Anyway, it wasn't like Steve would believe him if he brought it up – when had he ever believed Tony Stark? If Tony said anything, he's probably end up assuming something terrible about the engineer that not even Tony could have come up with, because he seemed to have a knack for that.
Apparently that had shown on his face in at least some way, because Wilson stopped talking for a moment, squinted at him, before starting back.
Which almost certainly explained why Steve was pacing in the conference room when he arrived, but it had been necessary as he didn't want to be too salty during the upcoming conversation, just in case there actually was a chance to make it work – alienating Steve right away would not do.
He frowned back at his visitors, who didn't even glance at Stark. The doctor looked over her glasses at him, her lips pinched.
So Tony – So Iron Man went back to the team, whenever he felt he could afford the distraction, whenever the last break had lasted long enough, and sometimes he ended up on the same roster as Steve, sometimes he didn't. It didn't really matter, even if it was nice to fight with Captain America by his side, because no matter what, Iron Man was always Steve's friend, even when they didn't see each other quite as often – Steve had gotten himself another best friend, Sam Wilson AKA Falcon, but it wasn't like they had quite the same status, Iron Man and Falcon; Wilson was Steve's best pal or something, while Iron Man was Steve's oldest friend-in-the-future. There wasn't really a competition here.
“Okay, okay... First question first, it's completely stupid, but don't you feel... weird, being in a male body?”
He stopped – no one said anything, not yet, at least, because there still was some respect for Captain America, even amongst SHIELD, apparently – and turned his head to look.
There, if the world was fair and Steve was as perfect as everyone thought him to be, he'd ask him why. He'd give him a chance to explain. And maybe, maybe he wouldn't agree, but at least he'd hear him out. Before it was too late, before all the eyes and cameras in the world turned around and kept Tony limited in what he could say and promise aloud.
He went through the words without really hoping for anything, because as it was, everything had already gone too far, of course it had, but the thing was, it could still get worse. Stopping it here would prevent that – even if it would never be enough.
Condition One: turning on Tony Stark and forcing him to face responsibility for his actions instead of letting him pin everything on “Randall Pierce”.
Which might explain why he liked Iron Man so much, nameless superhero who bled for the people, and absolutely despised the actual man.
Cap tugged at his gloves, and Tony wondered for a moment why the man even had the uniform on inside the mansion. Not that he could talk, with how he never got the armor off as long as he was posing as Iron Man, and not as Tony Stark. It reminded him, for a moment, that it wasn't Steve Rogers giving him a hand, but Captain America. Because Captain America was just and fair, and would help even Tony Stark, but Steve Rogers wasn't Tony Stark's friend.
This was probably the last time they'd talk, after all. And if telling him who he was now would just be cruel, apologizing wouldn't. So he'd try, for everything he could think of.
He decided to give Steve a bit of a truth, a bit of a lie, just enough that perhaps, he'd make another theory out of it, of the real relationship between Iron Man and Tony Stark. Not that Steve'd get it right, because he never did, because he already had his blinkers on, but at least, he wouldn't be able to say he hadn't been given a hint.
Finaly, to apologize, if not for what was done, at least for the way it was done. He had not intended to get that angry, to be so... callous, even if he believed what he had done to have been necessary. He guessed it was seeing the results of the nega-bomb, the dead – Tony wasn't a seasoned soldier, not like Steve was, and if he had seen horrible things... they weren't quite the same kind as this. Perhaps, too, the fact that he wouldn't be alive to pick up the pieces if the Supreme Intelligence did it again, if it had to be stopped a second time, and while he didn't believe himself to be quite so important to the universe as to be the only solution against whatever would have come had he not destroyed it, he didn't want his legacy to be an unresolved threat.
It got worse. Because it went too far, and still got farther and farther into insanity, the Thunderbolts were turned into a task force unlike never before, and Tony, still not Director of SHIELD, couldn't do a thing to stop Hill – still Director of SHIELD – from using them whenever she thought it necessary. 42, the Negative Zone prison, was objected to by Peter and Cap's forces in general.
Then his face took on a bitter expression, and Steve obviously forced himself to answer something he absolutely didn't think and that as a consequence sounded just as hypocritical as it in fact was.
Tony doubted one of those theories was the one Steve had himself come up with, seing the anger in his eyes – Steve was really good at acting civil, but he was also a terrible liar, and his eyes, more than anything else, never failed to convey how he actually felt about something.
Tony could only be grateful to whoever had made him kill the ambassador – if grateful was even remotely applicable to the situation, which it wasn't – that they hadn't found the way to manipulate him so sooner, back when he still had the chestplate, back when he couldn't have done this without revealing himself to Steve.
With some hesitation, Tony resigned himself to use the Internet to look for gay porn, to confirm or infirm what he thought was going on with his sexual orientation – he didn't really want to, but that was better than him deciding to try guys while wasted – should he fall down the wagon again – only to discover he wouldn't enjoy it, if he was right and this wasn't him just turning bisexual over the night and for no particular reason.
“I... It's not that... Look, things happened, and I... I just didn't feel comfortable on the team anymore.”
What did Steve come up with as an explanation to his friend's actions, that completely disregarded any illusion of respect for his capacity of judgment the moment said capacity of judgment did not endorse Steve's own?
He seemed so goddamn happy to see “Shellhead”, Tony almost felt like tearing the helmet off and throwing it onto the table, right before Steve's eyes, before storming off with a comment about how this was the one Cap wanted to talk to, obviously – but, aside from the fact that Tony absolutely had to keep his identity a secret, aside from the fact that it would be very immature too, Tony was almost certain Steve would somehow conclude the unpleasant Tony Stark had gone and taken Iron Man's armor because he was a jerk, rather than because he was Iron Man.
The only part of Tony that hadn't yet been dragged in mud and blood was now just as disgusting as the rest of him. It didn't even matter that Tony had not, in fact, been the one with the intent to kill the ambassador – a man who had genuinely admired Iron Man, and what had Tony gifted him with except death by Iron Man's hands? It didn't matter because, while Tony couldn't be accused of having killed him willingly, he had still given the real murderer the tool to do it – and yes, even without Iron Man, whoever that murderer was could probably have killed Kotznin a number of ways, but it was Tony's armor that they had used.
Once upon a time, Tony had believed Captain America to be overall perfect, with his only defaults correlating to trauma and not actually being defaults, but that was a long time ago. As time went by – more than anything else, as he was constantly confronted to Steve's unwarranted distrust and general hatred for Tony Stark – he had learned that Steve Rogers was very far from perfect. Mainly he could be terribly judgmental, unsympathetic, hypocritical, self-righteous, and he totally refused to admit it except on an hypothetical, abstract level – Steve didn't pretend to be perfect, but somehow, whenever his point of view was questioned, no, this time he was right... and if no one questioned him, he rarely ever considered being wrong until after the deed was done and the evidence glared him down. If the evidence even dared to glare him down. Steve knew he wasn't always right, but didn't really believe it.
He'd have to start looking for a suitable replacement for Director of SHIELD if Nick didn't make a brilliant comeback in the next few months. Which meant he also needed to take care of the Kooning problem – get him out, or get him in line, or at least make sure he wouldn't be able to dangle the next director the way he was trying to do it with Tony himself.
Tony had the phone in hand already, yet he couldn't help but stare at it for a long time before actually calling Steve Rogers.
Sometimes Tony wondered why he even bothered to come back into the Avengers' current team, why he agreed to burden himself with even more responsabilities over and over again. The answer to that, of course, was that he didn't care so much about the burden, as long as bearing it also allowed him to be with people who didn't expect anything Tony-Stark-related from him. He'd come to terms with Cap not wanting to be Tony Stark's friend – and yes, it still hurt whenever he remembered, but that was what alcohol was for, wasn't it? He'd made other friends, too, through the Avengers, through the most hectic part of his life.
But he guessed, no matter the outcome, if he died, Steve would rather have tried – saving Bucky, keeping the dream alive – even if it didn't actually happen, because... Because he'd have tried his best, then. If it didn't happen it wouldn't be his fault.
Still, it was the right move, wasn't it? To provide Captain America – sorry, the Captain – with a shield, so that he could battle against the forces of evil at top efficiency. Even if the man would almost certainly classify Tony himself as one of those evils, soon enough.
He wondered where the others had gone. Had it been a normal day in his normal life, they'd probably be living their own life, but everyone here was on the run from SHRA, which had probably not been repelled in the time he'd spent asleep, so.
“Jarvis is fine, Cap, don't worry. But, right after... Well, the Skrulls. They got to him. And we didn't know, until. You know. The invasion and all that. Fake-Jarvis almost got away with stealing Luke and Jessica's baby, but in the end the Avengers found Danielle, no problems. And Jarvis is fine... I think.”
Tony froze. He could tell him right now, about the things they were considering – not for SHRA, but for what might come after, if they didn't get what they wanted – to force Steve to realize how different it really was, how important this was going to be, how grave it might become.
“Look, Steve. Tony's dead, someone killed him, and they know for a fact who did it, but no one went and did anything about it, no one is even acknowledging it. So either it's because they consider it was the right thing to do, and they don't have to answer about it to anyone, because, you understand, we don't need oversight... or, they know it wasn't the right thing to do, but they don't say anything, because if they did, they'd have to admit that sometimes, we make mistakes, and we aren't always able to police ourselves, like you said we were. One way or another, it all boils down to the fact that they listened to you. And yeah, it might not have been what you meant, but it's what they heard. It's what everyone heard.”
He wasn't sure why the small smile he gave the man, as he asked him if they could perhaps try and teach him the basic moves of self-defense, felt so hopeful on his face, considering that.
Tony's face twisted, and he tasted sourness in his mouth, as he recalled a day he had tried to make sure that Steve did know what he was surrendering by getting rid of his secret identity – turned out, Steve hadn't.
“So trust us. Trust the Avengers. You're one of us. Be one of us. You can do the actual right thing. This is what you have to do. Don't let him make you take the fall for this.”
He put a hand on Peter's shoulder, trying to be comforting – or something; Steve wasn't feeling particularly comforted himself, but he could try for Peter.
Maybe Tony's imaginary Cap would have been disappointed in him, but he wouldn't have been disgusted; he'd probably have told Tony he wasn't good enough yet, but that he could do better, if he tried hard enough; that there was still hope for him, that he believed him to have the potential to be more, that he wasn't a lost cause yet.
Always cutting short any explanation whenever it involved “Mr. Stark”, always asking “Shellhead”'s point of view, not “Tony Stark”'s. Getting angry as they inevitably ended back at Tony Stark, at the fact that Iron Man agreed with the man more than he did with Steve himself.
“I'm just here because it's not like any of his superpals are going to stand up for his innocence, despite the fact that if we don't contain this situation carefully, the consequences aren't going to fall only on Stark. Basically I'm here to watch you do all the work and glare at anyone who tries to get in the way.”
He was starting to defend himself, which never ended well, but he supposed there was only so much verbal abuse a man could take before snapping back. The problem being that Steve would probably use that as an excuse to escalate the whole thing. He always did that.
Steve, of course, had a discourse about not being judge, jury, and executioner on the matter. In the face of genocide, the hero of WWII would not even consider making sure this would not happen again. He hadn't been that righteous when they had told him about how the original Human Torch had killed Hitler – self-defense, sure. And Hitler, despite every horror he had done and ordered, was just a man, a baseline human, whom humans guards could have restrained and put away forever – maybe even a death penalty, who knew – if he hadn't died. The Supreme Intelligence wasn't something the Avengers could hope to contain with certitude.
The marshals came around about one hour later, and the ghost went back to commenting everything Steve did not want to contemplate about the encounter, on top of what Steve already thought on the matter – don't talk to me, Steve, they'll think you're crazy, then again, maybe you could use it to your advantage to get free, that is, if we hadn't already come to the conclusion that getting out that way is not what you are aiming for, but as we're talking about that, you have to consider the fact that they cannot know you haven't changed your mind, so keep calm and don't grunt,
Tony steadfastly ignored the glances sent his way as they walked down the path of the dark dimension – how did it work, exactly? Obviously physics and common sense didn't apply here, but there had to be some sort of logic, some written rules by which the realm acted, or else it simply wouldn't be substainable, and people like Strange wouldn't be able to learn how to use magic because you couldn't learn without rules, however those seemed to the ignorant gaze, and no, he actually wasn't only ignoring the main issue here, namely that both the Avengers and the Defenders were now aware of his identity – though he guessed Strange could possibly whammy them all into forgetting about Don Blake and him, because hell, he'd done it with Fury's memory of the Defenders and that wasn't asking for much, was it?
When Steve woke up again – in the other world, in the world where Tony had died for him, and now that he was here and not there, he had the feeling that was the worst of the two deaths – the first thing he thought was that he actually could consult Richards on the matter of his rather unexplainable and unexpected twin realities, if only he managed to win his trial – whatever winning might mean here.
The truth was, Tony did not think back on Steve's possible infatuation with Iron Man right away. Oh, sure, he kept an eye open, but he had other things to think about, and since there was no way for him to even envisage a functioning, less alone a healthy relationship on that front, Tony just ...didn't dwell on it much – for clarification, yes, he dwelled on Iron Man's friendship with Cap and the antagonism Steve displayed about Tony Stark, which was habitual at that point, but he didn't dwell on a potential romantic relationship.
“You want the answers to your questions, V'ra, and I might give you some, or I could lie to you. It doesn't matter, though, not so much as the reason why we're here, why we've come, only the six of us, to 'attack' your empire. I cannot speak for the others, obviously, and you cannot trust me to be honest here, either, but you have to consider that, even if I wasn't being truthful, the reason I'm going to give you is a valid reason to do what we've done. It's a reason some people, if maybe not me in particular should I be lying, could use to do the exact same thing. It's the reason no one will judge us for, because they will not believe it, because it is easier to believe in arrogance and errors of judgment than to consider that sometimes, there is no sure way to do the right thing, and you have to make a choice, with the risk that you are doing the wrong one. Because it is easier to judge someone for what they did without acknowledging that you may not have done any better, worse even, perhaps, in the same situation, than to accept that everything in this reality is the result of a compromise. Should I endanger myself against a stronger opponent, should I have the arrogance to make a decision for others when a decision has to be made and no one has the legitimity to do so, I am still doing it with the hope that it will right a wrong, or at least prevent said wrong to be worsened. Everything has a price, and sometimes it is cheap, and sometimes it is not, and not everyone will agree on what is an acceptable price for what result, but those who are ready to sacrifice absolutely everything to save one simple thing are quite obviously missing some very basic logic. You can't not acknowledge that said one thing is part of the everything you are sacrificing. What good are principles if they do not protect anyone?”
Don glanced at the others, at everyone who was here, just to make sure they were as alone as possible in those conditions, and let go of his arm.
Third, he now remembered murdering three innocent women while under Kang's control, and injuring Jan to the point that Hank had had to save her using weird science – yeah, at that point, even Tony called it weird science, not that he didn't do some of that himself occasionally – and while we were at it, murder / suiciding himself – not that it mattered much since he had been the only one injured there.
Steve tried to argue, or at least he wanted to, it was written on his face plain as daylight – except they were in the dark and Tony could only see some details of his facial expression, but even that was enough to guess the exact face Steve was currently doing – but he didn't seem to be able to find the words, so he just ended up holding onto Tony with too much strength – and Tony couldn't feel half of it, because he couldn't feel much past the general impression of pain and through the chestplate.
He arrived in front of the living room's half-open door just in time to hear Cap, inside the room, telling the rest of the team that Iron Man was off the team for the duration of the inquiry, for obvious reasons.
Happy made a face, which probably had to do with the fact that Tony was feeling like a double-whiskey and a 10000 volts charge to the heart might just do the trick, and it had to be showing.
Captain America wasn't going to try and wrench everything out of Tony to leave him miserable and beaten to a pulp as soon as he wouldn't need him anymore.
And on Steve's, too, for his unwillingness to act and his having potentially convinced Iron Man not to either. Even if Steve wouldn't want to admit it.
The truth was, he had already decided to do just that, the moment he had understood there wasn't a chance, and he didn't really know why he was offering something like that, when he knew how much it would hurt if Steve said yes.
Supposing that, next time – was there really a point denying that there was going to be a next time, after everything? – he'd go back to himself to be able to do something about it.
God, he wanted a drink – and for Strange to do his mojo and give Don and him the same opportunity to remain anonymous, but it wasn't like he could force the sorcerer into doing anything, was it?
And he pushed the marshal out of the way just as he heard the shot – he took the bullet fully this time, no one for it to go through first, because Stark was over there with the SHIELD agents in the way, and it hurt just as much, except...
This time, it wouldn't be about heroes having failed to save “everyone, without exception, because nothing but absolute efficiency would be acceptable”.
No point for him to expose the hundreds of reasons why he might not trust her. She'd thought of those too.
He was on the ground, and Extremis was telling him that the faceplate was about to shatter. He could see the undersuit fluttering around his face, as if confused as to what to do, as to how to protect Tony to the best of its capacities. He really wondered why, considering his mind was supposed to be controlling it through Extremis, and he didn't actually feel the need to continue this at all. You'd think his subconscious would be more suicidal than his conscious.
Still, it was the first time they got to talk since – since SHRA had gotten official. He needed to make it count.
“Steve... A doctor would have to take the chestplate off to even get a look at my heart. And if I take the chestplate off, I die.”
If he really wanted to help Carol, he'd be on his way to talk to her, as someone who had a history of alcohol problems, as someone who knew what he was talking about. Except, why would she believe that Iron Man was an alcoholic? And if he went as Tony Stark, why would she care what a stranger had to say?
He got up from the couch, took a step away from Steve, as the man – his friend, right? – did the same and tried to – to what? Stop him from leaving?
When Tony woke up next, he was feeling very, very weird, and everything was... green. Uh. Ah, right, skrulls. Tony blinked, hard.
Tech he put on the market himself was different. That was something he'd deemed “safe”, or at least, safe enough. The Iron Man technology wasn't something he had deemed safe, because it wasn't. And who knew what kind of things someone who didn't have his ethics, or worse, his skills, could turn his tech into – modifications he had thought about, for some, but that he had refused to make, or modifications that he hadn't been foolish enough to try.
Which, admittedly, would put an end to his immediate problems. No more Tony, no more murders on his hands. Of course, if there was someone behind all this, the murders might go on, differently, but still, go on, but what was certain was that it wouldn't be Tony's problem anymore.
A quiet snort, and the memories of T'Challa accusing him of thinking less of the one he called a friend than of himself, of doubting T'Challa's intellect, of having a superiority complex a mile wide – just after Tony had followed his blind lead on a mission that T'Challa had deemed too dangerous to explain out loud, which, fair, there had been a brainwashed / future-and-out-of-his-time version of Tony running around for the bad guys, but still, Tony, while he had second-guessed T'Challa's decisions, had still trusted him enough to play along, and had been appropriately uneasy faced with the knowledge that not only his so-called friend had cooked up a way to stop his artificial heart, but had also done it on the other Tony. That, and the fact that if T'Challa had come up with such ways to deal with the armor – just like Tony had thought up ways to deal with the Black Panther, because that was what people like them did, they thought, and they couldn't stop themselves – others probably had too, and it was really luck that T'Challa had been the first one to use those – not that it was surprising, Tony was good, but so were other people, and it only took that one guy that one time to think about the wrong thing that Tony did not think about for...
What he knew was that he needed a way to differentiate realities the moment he woke up, which was why he took a gold wristband for the world in which Tony had died for him, and a red one for the one where Tony had died because of him.
Hank pointed the device at him, and while it didn't look like a gun, it didn't look like a water pistol either. A green dot was blinking in Tony's direction, faster and faster, until it blinked out, as if disappointed.
Because you deserved something never meant anyone owed it to you. It was true of trust, and it was true of weapons of mass destruction.
Steve glared at Tony's ghost-who-apparently-wasn't-Tony-Stark-if-he-was-to-be-believed – which Steve didn't, as a general rule, since Stamford – as the ghost – yes, ghost, suck it, Stark, for now that was how he thought of it – looked at his nails with the look of someone who knew they were getting on their unwilling audience's nerves, but still did it because it was “Important” – or so they said.
Same as the first time, Steve could tell he hadn't been fatally wounded. Sure, it hurt, and he wasn't much help right now, and if they didn't do something about it it would propably be a problem, but he wasn't going to die right here, right now.
Time to add one last personal comment, because it wasn't like anyone else ever dared to show Steve his own shortcomings, when Tony's were constantly thrown into his own face.
Tony didn't stop looking at his reflection for more than an instant, as he continued crying – ugly, but who cared? – as he eventually splashed water over his face – only closing his eyes long enough not to make it worse – as he wiped himself clean – and his reflection never looked away, always judging, always right.
He'd probably think this was Iron Man choosing Tony Stark over him, when really, it was Tony choosing what he believed to be right over Steve. Picking what was right over Steve.
Cable was the first one who noticed, and moments later the two teleporters – Wiccan and Cloak – were put to sleep by his side – nothing dangerous, nothing inhumane or whatever Steve would think of it, but they needed to talk and it wasn't like Captain America would let him say a word if Tony – Iron Man – didn't force his hand.
“I think what you think, Tony. More than that, most of the sleeper agents just think 'like the originals would', because the originals are asleep in their pods, but I've woken you up, which means that not only I'm thinking 1) for myself, 2) like you, but also 3) in tandem with your thougths. So I'm not particularly surprised when you say you don't believe me, but.”
On the other hand, no one else than Clint himself and those somehow knew who he was had noticed a thing, and wasn't that cringe-worthy?
Striking repeatedly at the head – again. The hard sound of the steel-vibranium shield against the helmet – again. The sparks of violence – again.
The Avengers were pretty new, barely a few weeks in, but they were already doing good, and they made sure that when only one of them couldn't handle a threat, the others would come and save the day anyway. Giant-Man, the Wasp – Janet van Dyne, it really was an open secret – Thor, the Hulk – that one didn't last, but the intention mattered – they were all good people. Tony wasn't exactly certain he had a place amongst them, but Iron Man sure did – as long as he remained only Iron Man, of course.
Misty took a moment to breathe slowly – in, out – probably in order not to say something she'd regret later.
Don let it go. Even if he didn't understand it all, he still respected that choice – mostly, Tony thought, because outing him against his will would do just as much damage to the team as not doing it – and Tony could trust him not to say anything, at least as long as it didn't become a threat to the Avengers.
He could see it, the moment Steve started to plan, after a pause, a moment to regain his bearing – and that, Tony could tell, was not Steve plotting something that would help, not at all, that was Steve planning an idiotic move akin to some kind of coup that he'd rather brand as a resistance, regardless of the fact that at some point he'd have either to surrender or get rid of the powers in place. A resistance, that sounded nice, didn't it? It sounded principled, justified, and absolutely great, except when it ended up happening against your own government and then the line between enemies and friends blurred so much you ended up convincing yourself you were the good guys, when really you were doing just as much damage as what offended you to begin with.
Luckily a chance to prove himself came right to their doorstep. Tony wouldn't count it as a win, though, considering what transpired then and the cost to Wanda.
Steve had to commend the marshal who kept an eye one him, because so far he'd only twitched and not said a word about the fact that Captain America was mumbling under his breath and visibly discussing with someone who wasn't there. Maybe he thought that was normal when dealing with a grumpy Captain America.
Wilson stared at him for a moment, then pinched his nose, eyes closed and brow furrowed, before shaking his head and exhaling loudly.
After all, Steve Rogers thought he had an addictive personality – which, by the way, was barely an actual thing in the scientific field, even if there were common traits between addicts, which was, you know, something that happened between people of a same group at an alarming frequency – so Tony must actually have one.
“We're good together, Steve, and I... I love you. But I'm not talking about the 'now', I'm talking about the 'then' that got us to this 'now', because that 'then' just doesn't make sense. The memories don't make sense, the decisions we took don't make sense, hell, even I, personally, don't make any sense, not even to myself. Think about it, Steve. How did we get here?”
He thought about all the things he could tell Steve, how he could explain what happened with what had been christened his “Armors War” by the press, how much he could say without revealing that he was Iron Man, how much he could tell if he confessed, how he'd made a deal with SHIELD for a new batch of Guardsmen armors – more powerful, but also more secure – for a modest price – not even enough to cover the production cost – since it was “Iron Man”, a SE employee, who had destroyed the ones sold by Stane with Tony's negator, that he was paying for Stiltman's medical fees, that he had promised Stingray a life-long discount on anything SE – which, even though he was primarily a tech mogul, was actually a lot more diverse than you'd think – and that while he didn't like how the latest Titanium Man had died because of him he couldn't exactly regret it considering the guy wasn't an angel. How he had offered his help to take care of the escaped prisoners.
Of course, he also had to take into account the very fact that he was dying. There had to be some stress, more unexpected and irrational fears to affect his thinking, a desperation he couldn't exactly quantify. Not that he was going to admit that to Steve. It wasn't like the man could do anything to help.
So he brought forth the gauntlet, and Steve let his – larger, were his hands always that large, what a thought, of course they were, honestly, Tony – hand fall into Tony's.
Of course, that meant Tony had to listen to all the things about his other life back there – that he didn't remember, because he'd been outed to Magnus after the business with his father and thus Iron Man simply hadn't been available for the attack on Genosha, if Peter was to be believed – and consider the things it might mean about him and that he didn't want to contemplate anymore than Peter did.
Luke was nodding next to Peter, so apparently he'd read that in the papers too, and of course Tony couldn't remember a thing but he did have a brain and...
Tony wasn't sure which choice was the best, yet, but as suicide was more definitive than a bottle, he was holding onto that solution as long as he didn't know.
Must be nice. No one would ever do things because Tony – or even Iron Man – told them it was the right thing to do. When they did, it was either because it benefited them, or because they'd thought about it and come to the conclusion that, indeed, it was the right thing to do. Not because he'd said so.
What if it had been only Tony Stark, but the subsequent consequences had made them realize that he was Iron Man? Realize what kind of power they had access to?
Tony had already lost everything once, and it had been horrible, but what Steve didn't seem to get about him – aside from about everything else – was that he'd do it again if it was for the right thing. Of course Tony had weaknesses, of course there were things he didn't want to lose, but if that was the price for making sure even a few more people lived, well.
Fake-Fury dismissed Dugan, and Tony did not take his helmet off – in a SHIELD Helicarrier, with spies everywhere and the certainty that most of them didn't like him?
“It took me some time to get it, 'Stark', but the moment I understood you'd gone biologic, I thought something was wrong. There was no way V'ra would do that, not while borrowing someone else's form, not on human technology. So, the answer was obvious; I have no idea why or how, but you're not V'ra.”
Steve, however, didn't tell him about Zemo, or anything about the day's battle, and just frowned at him. Unsure of how to read that, thinking that perhaps, yes, in the end, no matter whether it was Iron Man or Tony Stark asking, Steve just didn't want to talk about it, he reached for Steve's hand, hoping that the pressure he could thus offer, if not the human contact, would be enough to convey his concern.
A bit about the fighting, too, but that had boiled down to her being angry at his pig-headed ways, not necessarily against what he'd stood for.
Maybe because he couldn't fathom looking at his friend when he'd tell him that no, he wasn't innocent – nevermind that Steve wouldn't do that, or at least, that he wouldn't do that with so little info. Maybe because he was ashamed of even asking, of making it about himself yet again.
It'd be terribly irresponsible of him, to himself, to SE, to Iron Man and to the Avengers, but it wasn't like he'd live long enough for it to become a problem.
He felt Extremis starting to work around the bits of glass in his hand – he'd have to take them out for it to heal correctly.
As he stood up, ready to show Steve the door – not that the man didn't know where it was – he reflected that yes, the definition of madness was indeed trying the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Tony looked through the window, towards the gates that Carol hadn't walked out through, preferring to take an angry take-off from the garden – he should have her meet Rhodey, when all this would be dealt with, they both had the same way of storming out when they were angry.
Tony let out a strangled sound, partially hidden under the armor's voice modulator, and maybe he should just put an end to it, ask the forbidden question, make it obvious that this was all reciprocal and that Steve wasn't the only one in this situation, but.
But no, he was Iron Man right now, and one of the advantages of having a secret identity was that he didn't have to be Tony Stark all the time. He could put all of Tony Stark's doubts behind, when he was Iron Man, and that included Steve's opinion of his civilian identity.
Oh, he knew that dry tone. He heard it in his head whenever he thought of Steve's idiotic temper tantrum.
“...I mean, the guy doesn't exactly talk about his feelings, but literally everyone know he has a crush on Iron Man, I think only the Red Skull hasn't realized at this point...”
There were other superhero teams out there, and even if he backed out, well. The others could still stay and do their thing, just, without his funding and his participation. For now at least.
He only left himself do the first of those two things. Thing n°2 wouldn't help anyone but himself, and that would be selfish, wouldn't it?
There, Yinsen with his hands inside Tony's open chest, blood everywhere, and his heart visible as the man tried to save his life. Good thing he'd been inconscious for that one.
The ghost looked with Tony's blue eyes at the bread Steve had just cut into two pieces, as if to point something out – what, Steve had no idea, but that was Tony all over. Always meaning more than he said, and sometimes Steve thought that was because the man couldn't manage to be honest, and sometimes he wondered if it wasn't simply that there was too much to be conveyed, and words only weren't enough – or, as the ghost kept talking about so much more than Steve could actually take in, that there wasn't enough time in the world to say everything he thought about.
Tony could feed SHIELD all the bullshit he wanted about Randall Pierce being fired and responsible for everything – and yes, he had had to take the Mandroids out, too, even if they were working for the government, because 1) they could be stolen from the government, and 2) the governement had already tried to use them against the Avengers, and guess who had been blamed for it on both sides later on? – but Steve knew better, if only because he had no faith in Tony's word.
Miss Potts put a stack of paper together, her eyes still on him, and as Steve watched her tidy up the corners, he felt like she was doing it on purpose. Like she'd throw it at his face if she wasn't so controled.
After a moment of silence, Steve carefully started walking to the bed – probably to come and sit next to Tony, he had to have heard about what had happened, or at least some of it, and Tony had asked Pepper to call him after he'd crashed her house in search of help, he had to want to talk about it, to make sure Tony was alright.
A sigh, and Peter was looking around. Steve heard a siren not far away, and decided they could move away from the mugger, before the police got here, and without risk of him getting away.
He thought of giving a bitter smile, but he was wearing the helmet, so there was no point in doing it.
Tony glanced – turning his head was too difficult, what with the armor being off – at T'Challa and the Red Skull going at it, and yeah, the Black Panther was doing a good job, no need to worry about that, it wasn't like he needed Tony's help.
This time no one was around, or at least they didn't come running the moment he woke up. An alarm clock was left on the desk, telling him it was seven twenty-two in the morning – which was late, by Steve's standards, but he guessed getting shot did that to a person? Not that he had a lot of experience getting shot and recovering after that. Oh, wait, he did.
Those people – except Yinsen, of course, Yinsen was another story – had been enemies. They'd been all over him, and he'd had a reason not to want them anywhere near him and his secrets.
He watched them with caution – she looked like Jan, except, older, and he knew Jan didn't have an older sister, and he was tall and black and looked at Tony as if he couldn't really believe he was seeing him here, like that, or whatever.
No, he didn't know that. If he did, he wouldn't be doing it. Yes, it was a compromise, a precaution, but Steve was naive if he thought some things weren't compromises of some kind. Option A, Tony let his tech out there, and someone used it to kill people or otherwise destroy their lives, Option B, he went and got it back, at the cost of his reputation and a few bruises for the Guardsmen. Tony knew what he was ready to sacrifice, and it wasn't the lives of innocents.
Time to break the promise. To give Steve the truths he didn't want, because there were no truth he would want.
There were so many possibilities of questions, and some wouldn't change anything, because Steve would simply not believe the answers – whereas he might believe a lie, but that was obviously not the point – but some others could make it better.
Tony walked out of the court martial he'd called upon himself, upon Iron Man – now that he had the memories back, now that he knew well and for sure what had happened under Kang / Immortus' control, he couldn't have gone on without...
He'd say Steve scowled again, but as his expression hadn't shifted an inch since the first scowl, it was really more of a continuation of that scowl. Handy, that. Couldn't actually accuse Steve of thinking Iron Man was a hypocrite and letting it show, as, you know, the scowl had already been there.
He'd give Charles a call, except Charles was in space lately doing who-knew-what – even if he wasn't, the X-men had their own problems to deal with – and it wasn't like Tony made an habit of complaining about his own problems to people who had it worse. That, and Charles didn't need a wheelchair anymore.
Had Tony ever noticed how mean Steve could look whenever the subject shifted to himself – to Mr. Stark? He didn't think so, but now all he could see was the disgust seeping through all of Steve's self-righteousness, as he started telling him – again, always the same story, and that from a man who'd never even made the effort to try and get to know him. From someone who's only consideration in his judgment was what he thought and how exactly he could twist the facts to fit into his theory.
As it was, Tony didn't particularly care if an employee mouthed off at him, as long as they did it with a reason – and Captain America not appreciating his offer of friendship was a reason, even if it wasn't one he liked to think about. But that was the whole problem, wasn't it? Tony Stark was the walking stereotype of the worthless and disdainful millionaire to Steve, wasn't he? And there was nothing he could do about that.
Iron Man wouldn't force anyone to come and turn off the Supreme Intelligence with them. If they couldn't... That was their right, individually, not to do it. But someone had to, and he couldn't allow those who would to hesitate.
Rogers flitted him a half-smile, but he still looked ill-at-ease and Tony had the unpleasant impression the man simply wanted to get out of here, away from him.
The thought, for all it hurt to acknowledge it, also made Tony want to prove Steve wrong, to try and show him, once more, that Tony Stark was worth something – maybe not much, but something. That, even if Steve Rogers didn't like Tony Stark, he could nonetheless trust him to have Iron Man's back, to believe in the same things Iron Man believed in.
Don might understand, because just like him, he was a liability on the field, but he also couldn't understand it all, because unlike Tony, Thor wasn't a liability on the field. Tony was still Tony under the armor, and all his problems were still there.
He paused a moment, then reached for the console, already planning how to get rid of the records for this particular conversation in case Kang came and had a look at his control system.
“I'm sorry, I know you want to help them, but you can't, not yet, if something happens they will know, and I only had enough material to make a sleeping clone of you, not the others too. But, Tony, I swear, we're going to stop Veranke, we're going to free them, just, you have to wait. Now, please, don't scream.”
He seriously considered telling Steve, then. Not with a thrown helmet, not with a dramatic posture, not like the usual fantasy, just, taking off the whole armor, all of a sudden. Easy, with Extremis, to shut it down with a thought.
Considering that Steve obviously didn't care whether or not his actions were legal as long as he was doing “the right thing” – read, the one that only cared about the rights of superpowered people and not standard folks', the one that would either get them all killed or in a position of power above other people, because you couldn't trust non-powered gents to understand and therefore you couldn't let them in a position of power, because yes, Steve, that might not be what you had in mind but that was what it would lead to in the end – that sounded hypocritical as hell, especially as Steve didn't actually have any proof of what he accused “Tony Stark” of, no more than anyone on the outside had any proof that Captain America and his followers weren't just superpowered assholes who refused any kind of responsibility.
He had a responsibility to all the people he employed, and in this case, it came first. Especially as he couldn't bankroll the Avengers if the company went down and stopped alimenting the Maria Stark Foundation – he still was the main source of cash and influence for the Foundation, and this time there really was a lot to repair – because he hadn't been able to focus on it – then he'd have failed both the people working for him and the Avengers. Sometimes you had to make a choice, to save only one thing, rather than none at all because you tried to do too much.
And Steve still didn't get it. He still didn't get that the whole point was that Iron Man did what he had to do so that Steve wouldn't have to endanger himself any more than necessary, so that other people wouldn't have to pay with their lives for what he could have prevented, so that other heroes wouldn't have to dirty their hands when it was absolutely necessary and when he could do it instead.
Because he knew the truth, didn't he? Iron Man – Tony might be innocent of having murdered Kotznin, but he was guilty of having let it happen. Tony wasn't someone who'd take someone else's responsibility for himself, he had no difficulty recognizing what exactly hadn't been his fault, what hadn't been his intent. But unlike most people, he was also accutely aware of everything that was his fault, if only indirectly, if only by what he could have done, and hadn't. The intent wasn't his, the decision hadn't been his, the act itself, even, hadn't been his. But the means, the opportunity, these he had created.
He'd like Steve to prove him wrong, this time. But he'd have liked that the other times, too, and it never happened.
They didn't actually sound like they were asking – confirmation, perhaps, but no, not even that, it sounded like, like...
Tony was smiling behind the armor's face plate, grateful for the support in his earlier decision to come to the others' help nonetheless, and yet, at the same time he really wanted to hear it without the helmet on. He knew the smile was shaky at best, and if his eyes were gleaming, he wasn't quite sure if it was in happiness or in despair.
The SHIELD agents gave him a weird look, one of them whispering in his mic, and they started moving again.
He couldn't help but wonder if Tony was there because he was worried about what might happen after what Steve had said earlier... or if Stark was there because he'd commissioned the sniping and wanted to be here to make sure things went smoothly, considering Captain America seemed to know something.
Tony wasn't quite sure what Steve had thought about it, because that was the thing, wasn't it? When you kept a secret: you knew what it meant, but other people always came up with their own explanation if you hadn't been careful enough to think one up beforehand, and Tony hadn't.
Jarvis had just called him, saying that they thought Steve was going to wake up soon, and here he was, Iron Man – of course, not Tony Stark – sitting next to Steve Rogers' bed – Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, who'd been sleeping for something like fifty-one hours since Red Skull had gotten at him and Tony had performed CPR to save his life.
“You're sure Mr. Stark can't help you? If they're targetting people connected to him, it seems like maybe he ought to be involved.”
He'd do with even half an answer, with something incomplete and vague, just an indication towards how to be a better man, a better friend – which, again, Steve didn't know about – as long as it meant he wasn't a completely hopeless case.
Peter stared at the newspapers as if they weren't real – or potentially talking about something else, like the proliferation of spiders and how they were entirely not related to Spider-Man, thanks, Jameson – for a moment, blinked, and eventually looked back at Steve with a tentative smile – as if to say, a problem, no, what problem? Nothing problematic here, let's move on.
He pushed her and the other skrulls into the cell which had very formerly been his, took a minute to fiddle with the controls and raise the energy wall back up, and looked at her one last time before disabling the mic.
Steve kept looking at him for a time, and Tony couldn't quite tell to what point he understood what he was saying, and how much of that look was Steve twisting it around into a bogus explanation of Tony Stark's power grab – funny, that, how campaigning for handing some of the control over ended up with him being accused of being a control freak.
“Think about it, Steve. Nothing makes sense here, no matter how much I try to think about it, to remember why we're here together, I come up blank, and sure, I know what happened, but I don't know why it happened or how it would make sense for it to happen. So, obviously you care because you're a caring person, Steve, but... Why do you care about me in particular?”
