He's got nothing he could use to pick a lock in the shackle. He can’t rip his foot out of it, but he's still trying. He doesn’t care about the damage it will do to his foot, his tendons and bones.
Cas lets out a rattling breath. He’s still alive.
“Interesting,” she says at last, mouth pursed. “I see a difficult road ahead of you, but there’s light at the end of the tunnel.”
He keeps working until the spot is tender and sore, until every touch feels like it might rip apart. Maybe that wouldn't be the worst thing. Underneath, the skin trends to be slippery enough. If he lets the stone peel it away, the bone should slide out: a little trick he learned from his pal, Stephen King.
Charlie's location tips turn out to be a blessing. He's not sure he’d find Castiel's stand on its own, though he scanned closely every stand he passed on his way. Bess's pie's, though, has a line so long it draws Dean's eye right away. It kind of makes him want that shepherd's pie now, must be good if so many people are willing to stand in a long line for it. But of course, he can’t be bothered with that now. He has a much more important business and his time’s running out.
Again, he’s not good at this dating thing, alright?
Dean runs.
Dean glances at the empty space where
“I’m just Castiel. Cas,” he adds a little shyly.
“Yes, Dean, I will bee yours,” Cas says at last, accentuating the double e theatrically. “I
They begin to eat but there’s still something wrong about the scene and it takes him a moment to realize he never lit the two white candles he set on the table to create the right atmosphere. He pulls the lighter out of his pocket, but just his luck, as he tries to light the first one, the lighter gives off nothing but sparks.
"You heard right," the man replies. His confidence and straightforwardness take Dean aback. He's not sure what he expected but a humble I only helped a little or something was more like it.
Dean holds back on a joke about his new diet working, this isn’t a time for it. Now, it’s time to get Cas back, to make him more than a friend.
“Yeah, thanks but no thanks,” Dean says, ignoring the chill that goes down his spine at her widening smile. “I’m not interested.”
Soon they approach the hives — and a freak ton of them, set into neat rows and with swarms of bees surrounding each little hut. Cas really wasn’t kidding about saving lives on a big scale the first time they met.
He sets one on the coffee table and lights it up. At first the flame rises high, then simmers down to half the height.
But until then, as long as he gets to keep his love, he’s happy to suffer his existence in the nonexistence.
“Of course if you refuse, I’ll understand and accept it, but first I want to prove to you that I’m committed to making this work. And to you.”
If he didn’t rush things like a horny idiot, Cas wouldn’t be quite literally running away now. And then with a quick goodbye Cas is gone and Dean’s left all alone, feeling like a complete jackass.
Anna nods and moves towards the kitchen, but two steps in, she stops. "You probably shouldn't drink coffee, I'll make you green tea."
If only he could be offended by that. But it’s the truth. He is afraid.
Or is he confusing peace with quiet? The uproar in his head is dying down. It's lights-out in his mind, at last, everything becomes silent and distant.
Now that he knows where he’s going, it shouldn’t be much farther.
“Yeah, I’m great, I was just—” Dean cuts off. He could find an excuse but it doesn’t feel right to lie.
It couldn't be: just his senses going haywire. How is Dean supposed to trust anything in here, if he can't trust his own mind?
The only sound Dean can trust to be real is his own voice calling out their names. As if that can do any good. Dean's useless. Running around like a rat in a maze.
Something has changed in Cas, in a way Dean doesn’t like to see. There are no snarky remarks or the attitude. It’s in his shoulders, curled in, eyes escaping Dean’s.
So he takes a few more steps forward, just in case. And then a few steps more.
Dean should have never let him fall, should have never plucked him from the sky.
Holy oil. Fire.
There’s only one thing Dean can do. One last mercy he can offer to his beloved.
"I'm Dean," Dean says to stop him, he reaches his hand out to him. "Dean Winchester."
He'll leave thinking for later: about why and how, here of all places. So out in the open, vulnerable, even in this darkness.
“And last week we were in a vamp nest,” Sam says like that’s supposed to mean something to Dean. “You don’t see it, do you?”
"I'm kidding, I would never deprive a man of his coffee," she says, to Dean's relief. "Black, right?"
“Alright, come with me.”
“Not yet, right?”
Yes, Cas wants to be with him. Not just as a friend but to be his boyfriend. Bee his.
"You alright, man?" Dean says, as he approaches. He seems to be barely standing on his legs, supporting himself with one hand on the fence.
At last, the guy pays and begins to move. Dean puts on his most charming smile to be visible right away. And then the guy's wide back moves out of Dean's way to reveal—not Castiel.
Dean doesn’t have to turn his whole world around to prove to Cas that he’s all in. But every other idea seems to pale in comparison. Cas will love it, and the very thought of the smile brightening Cas’s face is enough to make Dean lift his fist and knock on the door.
It's not the fabric that feels off. It's the slick blood on Dean's fingers.
“We should be sleeping, too,” Cas explains. Sleep doesn’t seem more cruel than constant fight and flight. “Why aren’t you?”
Without the fire to warm up the night, the October chill slips all the way down to Dean’s bones along with doubt. He wraps his jacket tighter around his torso to help the first problem, at least. He should have dressed warmer, though he couldn’t have known. In fact, he should be going back. This is hopeless. Castiel can be anywhere by now. The forest spreads over thousands of acres of land, and Dean doesn’t even have a trail.
“What’s what like?”
He was sure; the gun shot was so clearly coming from this tunnel. He can still evoke its ringing in his left ear. The sound must have ricocheted. That’s what echoes do. Fuck with one’s senses and brain, play them like a trickster and lead a guy astray.
No. Not Sammy. He wasn't supposed to be here.
“—That you eat alone after sneaking out of their bed?” Cas guesses, hitting way close to home.
Cas is bleeding, but it's probably nothing, there are only a few drops of it. A scratch from a sharp edge of a rock that tore through his shirt and his skin.
Sam tries to protest only for a moment, until he lets the foot down with a breath too much impetus.
“Cas is trying to be useful.”
One of his lights glides ahead, slipping out of his reach. Dean raises an eyebrow and pulls at the light to regain the control over it. This has never happened before. How can he be screwing the simplest magic trick; even toddlers know how to keep those in check. He takes a breath and focuses on the wayward light, but as he’s trying to force it to behave, the other lights slip his grip and scatter, spreading out in front of him and veering off to the left.
Dean licks his lip, not sure how to explain. The blood that wasn't there, Bobby and Jo, and that feeling, that constant feeling of guilt he couldn't get rid of. Still can't get rid of.
He lifts it to his eyes, shines the light on it.
Dean stands frozen as the blood creeps up to his feet. It flows around the soles of his boots, then rises in mesmerizing waves. More keeps coming, cascading down the walls, falling off the ceiling.
But then Dean went in and out and no panic attack ever happened. He was determined to save people from fires like his mom maybe could have been saved, and that was enough to choke out any fear in him.
“No more than a scent of baking cherry pie luring you downstairs can hurt you,” Cas says and teases at the same time.
Except, come morning, Cas's body won't be made whole again.
“Can we talk, Cas?” he says, at last, as the ear-piercing sound of a properly working device subsides.
There’s still so much darkness left to penetrate before him. But each step puts more darkness behind. There’s nothing there but that; the dead end, the cold stone, the cobwebs.
How can he be afraid of a tiny flame? And of wind and of buzzing of a fly in his room at night? Did he spend too much time just passing by that even once he stopped, he forgot to let himself stop, to let himself feel?
Holy oil.
“Most likely, yeah.”
Not a ball. More like a roughly hewn rock, but there's a softness to the sound. It stops rolling right before him.
"Yes, I, uh—" Dean begins, trying to figure out how the hell does one even buy honey other than pulling the kind in a squishy, bear-shaped, plastic bottle off a supermarket shelf—the kind his mom would pour into his tea or on top of his fresh slice of bread with butter. As far as Dean can see, they got possibly every kind of honey in different sized jars but none in a familiar squishy bottle—which now that Dean thinks about it might not even real honey. Too cheap compared to these guys’ prices.
“Not my birthday,” Dean jokes.
“I baked a blackberry pie,” Dean says, pulling the paper plates out along with the pie.
“Castiel,” Dean repeats, tasting the word against his lips. “What does it mean?”
The floor squelches beneath Dean's feet. He halts at once, casts the light down. There's a bloody puddle and he's standing in the middle of it.
He freezes as the circle of light reaches the man. He doesn't have Sam's long, brown hair, or his build or his jacket.
This is stupid. Dean needs to stop Cas before he moves out of his reach. Maybe if Dean can level with him, look him in the eye, he’ll knock this dangerous idea out of his head. But before he can push himself up, he’s betrayed by Sam’s hand on his shoulder.
Behind Dean, Cas lets out a shaky breath. He doesn’t have to see his face to know what it means. In fact, in this moment, Dean is damn glad the visibility outside of the three circles of light is nearly nonexistent, so that he can’t see Cas’s face when he turns to him. It doesn’t make the miserable look in his eyes, his lips pressed as tight as his fist any less vivid.
A huff of soundless laugh escapes Cas’s lips, as Sam glares in Dean’s direction. That’s better. Dean rests his chin on Cas’s shoulder and with one, last reassuring squeeze, he pulls away to slump down on the relatively clean patch of ground at the feet of the stairs.
If he fails, it won’t matter. Cas will understand, the intent counts, and all that.
“Yes, but you wouldn’t want to once you know how sharp your surroundings are, how you can count the leaves in the tree and not get screwed by the fine print.”
He takes a breath, giving Cas a moment to interrupt him, to protest or laugh at him, but Cas just listens, so Dean continues.
Yes, he must be there. Must be by Cas’s side. Must be kneeling by the charred corpse of his best friend, too shocked to respond to Dean or even hear him.
“It’s not broken,” Sam claims, trying and failing to hold back a grunt, “just sprained.”
She gestures at her stall, covered in voodoo dolls and candles, a deck of tarot cards sitting in the center. The sign reads
With that, he turns towards the tunnel and starts walking.
“You look surprised,” Dean says, slipping past her and into her apartment.
“Alright, touché,” Dean says placatingly. “Let’s settle this right away: next Saturday, I’m picking you up at the farmer’s market. Bam, second date guaranteed. What do you say?”
It takes a lot of strength to pull away.
Dean can’t help himself. He snickers.
. How is she supposed to read his palm, let alone tarot cards or coffee? Pamela, though, never hesitates. She takes his hand into hers, running her fingers over his skin, feather-light touches that raise goosebumps up his arms and follow the lines etched into his skin.
They won’t tell him Cas’s address, but then, Dean wouldn’t feel right stalking Cas to his home. He’s already crossed one line.
It's not Sam.
To free his hands, he sets the gun and the flashlight down, pushes them forward, making sure they're still on his reach. He grasps the rock to pull himself in, he bends and twists his body into aching shapes.
There's a guy in a beige coat standing and not looking too hot (despite actually looking pretty hot, okay, that hair, all messy — the coat not so much) and kinda unassuming.
Dean sighs, taking a turn that will take them deeper into the camp. The layout is familiar. The main pyre is located in the middle of the camp, with alternating rings of tents and pyres surrounding it, stretching out to the edge of the clearing, where weathered trees rise up as if reaching for the stars. The closer to the center they go, the more vendor stalls they find set up among the tents, most of them selling fruits and dried vegetables in preparation for the feast or magical ingredients.
There must have been a fork in the road, too well obscured by the play of light and shadow that he never even knew it was there. He took the wrong turn when he thought there was only one.
He's done for. Right here is where Dean's life's ending. He's always had the feeling he wouldn't make it to retirement anyway.
“How so?”
Goosebumps raise up Dean's spine. This feels a little too personal for comfort.
The fire doesn’t.
“Excited?” Sam asks, falling into step with him, hands loosely held behind his back.
Then she starts shaking, whole-body tremors that rattle her stall. The flames of the candles suddenly become high columns of fire, illuminating her with an ethereal glow and making several people stop and stare.
It's nothing, there's nothing there, he tells himself. The feeling should have gotten old by now, but he can't shake the new intensity of it.
“ — that you’re not into me,” Dean finishes for him, eyes fixed on the grass under his feet.
The lights stop at the edge of a clearing and hover in the air, as if waiting for Dean to reach them. The space isn’t nearly as wide as the one where the camp is set up. It’s merely a few dozen feet across, with a big slab of stone in the middle of it. It’s flat on top. Like a table. Or an altar.
The pain lets him focus on the task, rather than the darkness creeping up being him.
What if he’s not good enough, what if he’s not strong enough, what if no one answers his summoning?
The ground is steady. Dry.
Dean presses a palm to his temple. It's still not all right up there. Even with Cas there, right beside him.
Cas was dead.
“Not really.” He only has two houses left and so far got around surprisingly quickly, so time’s not an issue.
he adds mentally.
At last, Dean gets the upper hand and slams the monster on the ground. Without hesitation, Dean lands his hands on its throat, a gesture too familiar, but he tries to push that thought away.
“I’ll race you there.”
“It’s not gonna change who you are, it’s not gonna—” she lifts her hands up to form quotes in the air—”turn your world around. At least not much more than putting on new glasses does.”
It's not soil seeping through the cracks, it's not the wooden lid of a coffin that arches above him.
Besides, both those messages were way too long.
“Never forget the pie,” Cas schools Dean.
Dean's head shoots up, eyes on Charlie’s grin. "Was he there?"
Castiel must be enjoying throwing Dean off because his smirk deepens into a self-satisfied grin.
"Alright then, Castiel-for-now. You know, we sure could use someone like you in the team."
The rock. The hands that held it, it's coming to him. Cas. No, not Cas. The monster.
Forty, thirty yards away, he recognizes the brown jacket on the other person. The same brown jacket Sam had on when Dean left him all alone on those stairs.
He's here. He's tangible. When Dean lays his palm on Cas's cheek, he doesn't disappear or run away from him.
He turns to his knees and gets up, starts running to put Benny and Jo behind. Like he always does. Leaving the trail of corpses in his wake.
Not many people dare to wander into the forest on their own; Dean never has. It’s not that it’s anything other than benevolent. It’s the overwhelming vastness of it and the static buzz of the magic Dean can sense even before he sets his foot past the line of trees.
“Sorry, man. You’re grounded.”
Dean lifts his arms to shield himself from another bloodthirsty echo.
Yet, it’s still a struggle, squashing down the urge to follow Cas. He can’t shake the image of Cas disappearing into the darkness, even as he keeps his light firmly trained on Cas’s back, watching for any movement off in the shadows around him.
Is Cas still stubbornly chasing the thing or...is he just running away from Dean? Getting as far as he can, trying to shake him and leaving no crumbs. Like there’s something better out there and it doesn’t matter that Dean needs him right here.
And he can cook, alright? He managed to keep himself and Sam more or less properly fed for most of their lives, since dad could never be bothered with that between being gone and being drunk. Best he could do was haul them to some crappy diner when he himself needed a greasy breakfast for the hangover.
The blast snaps Dean's head back. But he doesn't drop to the ground.
"I'm glad I could help.” And that’s it, the guy turns away, ready to leave.
Cas can’t help but accompany Benny’s laughter. It’s Dean Winchester, after all. Of course, he’d go against God, for the world, for freedom. For love.
“Cas wait, I’m sorry, we don’t have to— we can just sit and watch the movie.”
A part of Dean hoped Castiel would wait. But he didn’t, he must have walked in. No wonder. From what little the familiars share about their world with people, forests as deep, dark and ancient as this are the closest thing to it.
So he keeps going—he starts running again—more frustrated with each step. Hopefully, this ain’t the sort of nightmare where he can never reach the door. He’s been there way too many nights before. And this time he’s not dreaming, though he’s beginning to wish he was.
But then, there’s more. Something about Castiel that Dean felt the very moment their eyes met. Not destiny. Not a bond, yet.
Still he tries, “Ha! I put the fire out.” He was never meant to put the fire out, but that doesn’t matter.
Right, that part he never actually succeeded at.
Cas’s hands aren’t idle either. One cups Dean’s cheek, the thumb caressing along his stubbly jaw. The other hand lands on Dean’s thigh, the tips of Cas’s fingers pressed against the inner seam of his jeans. And it’s slowly driving Dean’s wild, as he’s trying to keep his focus on their lips.
Dean couldn't save him. Now he can’t even cry.
He slides his palms across the floor, eyes scouting every inch of it.
"You got that guy to thank," Benny says, pointing to someone, somewhere behind the young medic girl who came to check on Dean and obscured his whole view.
But they gotta beat those godforsaken stairs first and they could really use the littlest bit of support from Sam’s hurt foot for that.
As soon as he stumbles out of the building, Benny's right beside him. Dean yanks off the helmet and breathes in heavy gulps of fresh, evening air. He's alive and nearly unscathed. Lucked out yet again.
Castiel.
Cas’s eyes snap up to Dean, wide, then to the flames flickering on the candles. A soft laughter follows.
“We should,” Cas says, to Dean’s relief. “Are you in a hurry?”
The farmer's market is disturbingly crowded for, well, a farmer's market. Is this where most people of Lebanon spend their mornings? Is it some kind of a social club he's been missing out on all these years? Well, it's possible but it's not like it's a club Dean  would ever join out of his own volition, anyway.
Well.
They sit down, back to back, leaning on each other, the same way Cas would often see Benny sit with Dean in Purgatory. It’s good to have some company. Someone to open his mouth to, someone to touch, to know that they’re real.
Was it man-made or is it one of the quirks of magical forests? Doesn’t really matter; what matters is what’s on top of it. A dark mound, shifting lightly in the darkness. Castiel.
“Castiel is a
“See—” Dean throws his arm around Castiel’s shoulders as they begin to walk, the gesture familiar like they’ve been doing this forever “—I knew I liked you.”
Dean slips fingers into his pocket, but the scrap is not there. Of course, he lost it. But it doesn’t matter. He doesn’t need it when Cas is right there, alive and present.
Although Dean’s much older than the last time he walked in here with Bobby and a few of his friends, and much taller, too, the trees still stretch high above him and make him feel tiny again. Even with some of their colorful leaves now gone and cracking beneath Dean’s feet, the intertwined branches obscure completely the bright glow of the full moon.
Oh God.
“Hey, you’re saving lives on a big scale.” Dean winks. “But for real, man. I love having you here.” The fires that normally would take a day or more to kill, with Cas take hours tops, and they’re much safer too. He clears the paths, he dissipates the smoke and secures the perimeter. “At least until I catch up to you.”
It's everyone he couldn't save. Their voices turn into a buzzing cacophony that kills all his senses.
They'd been dead long before Dean arrived here. Somehow it doesn't make it any better.
The one blessing is the numbness once all his nerve endings have incinerated.
And then Castiel appears, looking much better than the last time, not so disheveled and weak, there's color in his cheeks, though the disarray on his head might just be his brand.
Cas squints at Dean in that endearing way of his. “Bee-farm?”
Dean swallows past his dry throat, wishing he’d heard his instincts.
It must be the darkness. The same thing that's been accompanying him all this way. Or maybe just the anxiety, whatever he may call it.
Surprised, Dean follows Cas as ordered. They go down the path behind the house, and Dean’s pretty sure he knows where they’re going — Cas’s bee-farm. He’s not sure he’s ready to meet Cas’s little girls yet. Of course, bees are important to the environment and generally harmless. But there’s something about the sight of a swarm of their fat, furry bodies and the stingers poking out of their butts that makes Dean’s skin crawl.
is what Cas said.
He doesn’t wait another second. He crawls through the rest of the tunnel. His hands grasp greedily at the edge of the opening. He spills out face-down into the ground.
It’s not working and it’s not going to work. The stupid flame doesn’t change and they did have to end up swapping it for a proper candlestick because, due to Dean’s inability to feel it, move it, change it in any way for approximately a hundred birthday candles, Anna’s stash ran out.
“You are breathtakingly beautiful, Dean. And I like you. I’m just…” Cas takes a deep breath. “I’m not into anyone.”
Showing no mercy, she pulls out the lighter again.
Human throats should not be capable of this kind of scream.
“A little help, Sammy?”
Castiel crosses his arms. "Without bees, people will eventually go extinct too. So I think I'm saving lives. On a much bigger scale."
Dean lifts his palm to Cas's neck and leans in for a kiss. It begins chaste but Cas pulls Dean in and deepens it.
It shouldn’t be too hard, should it?
Shit.
“Everything okay?” Cas asks, snapping Dean back. There’s a worried crease on his forehead.
“Maybe you’re right,” she continues. “Maybe you shouldn’t be doing this. You should try talking to Cas—”
At least his legs forgot they were tired and they carry Dean, picking up the momentum, as the beam of the light swings like a pendulum from the impenetrable darkness before him to the dirty ground below.
His muscles protest as Cas helps him up. His legs are weak, barely hold him upright. It doesn't matter. Cas has got him. Cas has got his firm arms around him and he won't let him fall.
"What about Sam? Have you seen him?"
Cas bursts out laughing, like the idea of Dean going there out of his own volition (and not just to pick Cas up) is so ridiculous. He’s got no idea what’s awaiting him yet.
Cas pulls away like burned, his eyes wide, avoiding Dean’s eyes and Dean knows he went too far, he read the signs all wrong.
As the crimson hues of the sunset give way to the dark velvet of the night the pyres become brighter, almost dazzling. Dean can’t remember if they were like this last year, too. Maybe it’s because this year it’s his turn to take part in the Samhain Feast that everything seems more magical, more vivid than ever before. Even the camp seems larger this year, and there are definitely more witches attending.
Floor, ceiling, wall to wall. There’s nothing there. No movement or shifting shadows, not a faint ghastly light of a disappearing spirit.
He never said the words to Cas. The only words that matter. Why did he wait until it was too late?
He can't save them. He can't even be there when they need him.
So he's about to ask about what's up with all those honey names when he realizes, well, what the hell, he might as well ask.
“Fascinating,” she says as if she wasn’t in the middle of a trance just moments ago. “Interesting indeed. Well, Dean, listen carefully to what I have to tell you now.”
“You can always take off your glasses.”
They go quiet for a while. Dean’s got questions — stupid questions. But he knows better than to ask them, insensitive as they might be. He’s been on the receiving end of biphobia himself enough times; he’d hate to say something that could hurt Cas, even if well-meaning or simply curious.
Belatedly, Dean realizes she’s
“What the hell was that, Sam?” he asks, not taking his eyes off Cas.
Dean walks nonchalantly, as if he didn't just run all the way here. He makes sure not to stare at the stand or the guy working behind it. He's hardly visible between the couple heads of the customers. Once he reaches the place, Dean stands behind a big, super tall—no, seriously, taller than Dean, hell maybe even taller than Sam, which is just way too tall—and waits.
Once they're out, it'll be a good joke, just between them. All about dark and tight spaces. It'll be another nightmare too, of the gentler kind.
Dean could ask around or read one of the hundreds of articles written about heartfelt gifts for your best friend. Surely Cas’s own sister will have an idea of what he’d like Dean to get him or do for him. Maybe a picnic alone would be enough to sweep Cas off his feet, or graffiti along the arch of a bride. Anything short of parachuting Dean would be down for. Hell, even stuffing himself chokeful of Xanax to survive the flight and jump from a steel murder machine seems like a better choice than this — though Cas probably wouldn’t like that, what with planes being huge polluters: killing bees, and all.
“It’s fine, it’s just — I have to go,” Cas says, quickly, completely closing off. He springs off the couch and is halfway to the door before Dean can say anything.
The girl doesn’t lose any time. Silver chain in hand, she fires her first spell, which the dove easily dodges. Familiars are notoriously hard to bind, and this one is clearly intent to live up to the hype.
It doesn’t work with his eyes closed either. The flame remains just where it was, the edge of its warmth still barely grazing the skin of his palms and disappearing when his hands inch away. It doesn’t follow, doesn’t expand, doesn’t cling to his fingertips like a sticky paste he imagines it as.
“I’m not a wizard,” he says, softly.
"Cas!" Dean calls, but by now he knows not to expect an answer.
It’s a long, long trek back and the forest is so beautiful, so alive. He doesn’t really feel like going back to the rest of the witches just to feast with them. He kind of wants to stay here with Castiel and get to know him better, learn everything there is to know.
When she puts it that way, it sounds nothing like what Cas told him. But maybe Cas isn’t the right person to talk about something that’s always been a part of him. What does he know about the world before it got flipped around?
“Then what are you?”
He’s glowing; peaceful and rested. Dean picked a good day, even if he doesn’t feel one hundred percent certain of his skills yet.
“Oh, come on, Dean. You’ve been waiting for the day you turn twenty one your whole life!” Sam says, eyes bright under his too-long hair. “You’ll finally get a familiar.”
It's getting fucking undignified. He's dragging himself on all fours like a dog, for nothing. He was seeing things, he must have. There was no dark shape, no white-and-blue shirt, no Cas. Just the light reflected on the smooth stone.
“But aren’t you curious about the familiar interested in you?” Pamela calls.
He looks different though, his hair flat against his scalp, plastered on his forehead—dripping on his face. His clothes are drenched, his skin reflects that same orange glow that illuminates the chamber.
With that, she pulls something out of her pocket and throws it on Dean’s lap. It’s hard and heavy and fits into Dean’s hand as he lifts it. A small jar of a golden liquid, a picture or a bee on the label.
Cas springs up to his feet.
When Cas turns to Dean, his face hangs just an inch away. When he speaks, his warm breath brushes Dean’s face.
“Alright,” Dean says, pushing the chain deep into the pocket. He’ll discharge and dispose of it once they’re back at the camp. He’s been studying the workings of the ritual since childhood, and now he’s just dropping it like that. He’s gonna trust Castiel. “So how will that work? Should I—” Dean lifts his palm ready to bring out the magic, the same spell he's tried once tonight.
He doesn't stop to ponder over the miracle: he rushes forward to seize it. He manages to step over the now merely searing fallen debris and finds his way back out.
The way he came back to life he will leave it: abandoned in a lonely grave. And this grave will hold him down for good.
Dean pats Benny on the shoulder. He knows what's been going on in Benny's head all this time. That it was his fault, that he left him behind and didn't come back in. Though Dean's sure Charlie and Ash had to forcefully hold him back to stop him from killing himself along with Dean inside.
It's so close, it's so close, he keeps reminding himself, as he recuperates.
He takes longer shifts to forget, or at least pass the time. He teaches school children the rules of first aid on lifeless CPR dummies, checks smoke alarms in people’s houses, and does public appearances appealing to the residents not to waste water in the upcoming heatwaves, and other important crap like that. The summer’s only just begun, but the sun’s already giving them hell and they’re expecting wildfires setting off any day.
“Cas? Cas!” Dean shouts, as loud as his throat will let him. “Cas, it’s me, Dean!”
Sam was just there, he had a flashlight, he made everything so bright and clear. Now Sam’s face is the only thing Dean sees. Beneath him, pale and purple, at once. Blood poured over the whites of his eyes, every single vein damaged from the strain as Sam struggled for life.
Cas chuckles. “Of course.”
He keeps walking towards Dean. A crooked walk, a puppet bursting at the seams. The Leviathans. Cas's dead body.
Dean doesn't even get to mourn him.
But then, there’ll be a lot of time for that later. They got their whole, bonded lives for that. Samhain, after all, is only once a year.
He’s afraid because this isn’t him and this doesn’t feel natural. And it’s life-altering. Once he feels the damn particles, will he still be who he is? Once he can’t feel the world the way he’s always felt it, what if he hates it?
It's Pamela and Ellen and Ash.
Dean can hardly see it, his vision blurred. How could this happen? How could he miss them, by just a short moment? They were right here.
Dean shifts his eyes back to Benny, raises an eyebrow in question.
Somebody slaps the back of his head.
Dean purses his lips. "Cool."
Slowly, he moves to close the distance between them, giving Cas a chance to back out. But Cas doesn’t, his lips welcome Dean’s, first to a chaste kiss, then they part, letting Dean’s tongue slip in.
That’s rich of him, given he can’t even get himself out of this damn tunnel. But that doesn’t matter. He has to stop the person, find out if they know more than him. They might have seen the monster. They might have seen other people here.
“It’s not that far,” he insists, pulling out his gun, as if he didn’t even hear Dean’s concerns. “I’ll stay in your eyesight at all times.”
She waves her hand noncommittally and puts out the flame on the candle.
Split second, it sets Cas ablaze. The fire encompasses his entire body.
Bobby chooses that moment to appear through the crowd and shove a basket in his arms. “Go on now. It’s almost time to make your offering.”
They’ve become bonded, and the feeling’s so palpable. As if a part of him shifted and became one with Castiel. A part of Castiel became one with him.
The buzzing in his head is gone. Dripping down his face, there's only sweat. When he touches his forehead, he finds nothing but a few scraps.
Maybe there’s still a chance another familiar would come through and pick Dean. Maybe then, Dean would succeed.
There's a face hovering before him, eyes wide. Cas.
"Firstly, her name is Gilda," Charlie says, selling Benny a punch to the shoulder. "Secondly, we're not talking about me nor the big crush I may or may not have. We're talking about Dean."
Charlie gives him an innocent smile. "Hey, a girl's gotta take care of her temple.”
There's a figure sitting on the ground, right outside of the light's reach. Dean slips through the doorway with Sam's name on his lips, not letting go of Cas's hand.
Dean's head snaps toward the source of the voice. In a faint light he can see the shape of Cas, about ten feet away, sitting on the floor just like when Dean found him.
It sucks, since Dean hasn’t been so swept off his feet by anyone as he is by Cas. But it happens and he’ll have to deal with it.
"You're controlling them," he says, matter-of-factly.
‘Cause where the exit should be, Dean hits a stone wall.
Except, it wouldn’t be the first time Cas left him, just like that.
Cas isn’t even an angel anymore. Why holy oil? Though that doesn't matter. Humans aren't fireproof. Anything flammable will do; it might as well be gasoline dripping down his cheeks. His cheeks that will soon turn into a living wound.
Then Saturday comes. Thee Saturday. Their second date. At the southern entry to the farmer’s market, a short, old lady sells flowers. Not cut, Cas wouldn’t like cut flowers. Potted plants. Dean’s not sure what those are but they’re pretty and blue like Cas’s eyes. So he buys one.
His breath catches in his throat as he stares as his hands—red—his sleeves—red—the front of his shirt covered in dark, bloody streaks, soaked through, to his t-shirt; the wet cotton hot and sticky against his chest.
He has to be here somewhere. Maybe the tunnel stole him away, again, maybe it drew a wall that misled him on the first wrong step. Maybe Sam simply saw that Dean’s got this and walked on, maybe he went to check on Cas.
"I thought you were dead," Dean admits.
So why does it feel like someone is watching him? Someone, something. Like a pair of eyes boring into his back, right between his shoulder blades where his muscles tense up.
Cas seems to mull over the question as he chews his food.
A gunshot ripples through Dean’s bones. His eyes snap open, his muscles attack-ready in a blink. It’s the tunnel on the left and there is no doubt about it. Dean shoots toward it without hesitation, straight into the gaping hole that seems to swallow even the light of his flashlight.
“You’re my boy, yes, “ Castiel cuts him off with a smirk.
A connection.
But he can’t back out with his team all staring at him.
“Alright, let’s do this,” he says, tapping on the armrests, which Anna must be taking for eagerness.
Dean blinks. Those were not the words he was expecting to hear. Something like ‘stop following me’ felt more like it or ‘which part of I don’t want you around did you not get?’ Not
Well, maybe the kid will even recommend him something and Dean'll discover his new favorite food that'll let him lay off unhealthy burgers. Right.
“Shut up, Sammy!”
"Doesn't matter, this place was just fucking with my head."
“Sammy, Sammy,” the word lingers on his lips as he passes the threshold.
Judging by the stiffness of his limbs and the coldness of his skin, he's been lying here for at least a few hours, just like his wife.
A dull thump steals his attention. Something rolls towards him in the darkness.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Cas says, surprising even himself. Although Dean adored Benny, Cas and he never really got close. It wasn’t that Cas was jealous. Or maybe he was—he was that Benny got to take care of Dean while Cas fled. But that’s Cas’s own fault. And it was so long ago.
"Yes, that what I've been trying to—"
like you,” not that Dean would know how to approach italics anyway.
"This is the most awful company name I've ever seen," Dean says, too stuck on that terrible pun for his brain to process the rest of the information. And then it's slowly getting to him.
The chain on Dean's leg snaps.
But what is he gonna say? That he couldn’t commit even to this little thing out of fear, but he will commit to him one hundred percent?
It’s only Dean’s imagination. Just the big, bad hunter being afraid of the dark.
A few feet away, Cas is lying with his face down in a pool of his own blood.
He drops to his knees right beside him.
Dean doesn’t dare step closer.
It’s the only door at the top level of the building. Dean doesn’t have to double check the address in the message to know he’s right where he’s supposed to be. It doesn’t feel this way — the knot in the pit of his stomach tells him he should turn around and leave.
But then, Cas still ends up staying with Dean way longer than he needs too. And Dean sure doesn’t mind that either.
“Oh come on,” she insists, her grin wide and toothy. “I know you’re dying to know. About your familiar I mean.”
Dean drops to his knees.
“What about it?”
Castiel nods with approval and Dean takes that as a good sign. He doesn’t seem to mind the nickname either.
That’s when Anna takes mercy on him.
He’s in the wrong tunnel, again. How can this be fucking possible? He’s wasted so much time and energy, pushing on. When did that happen? Did the tunnel steer him into the wrong node again, or should he have gone farther back at the fork?
"It's a play on words, Paradise—"
Cas lost so much blood.
“You do remember there are two lives at stake?” Cas says with a sassy tone Dean doesn’t appreciate.
So Dean pushes down the discomfort building in his stomach, puts the scrap of fabric in his pocket, and dives in. The flashlight still in one hand, gun in the other, pointing ahead, ready to shoot.
“You can do this,” Cas whispers to his ear and sits beside him.
How does one even think about nothing? The closest he can get, with the complete blackness under his closed eyelids, is the word “nothing” repeating in his head, in the tune of his own voice. But even that word soon takes on weird shapes and forms until it loops to the tune of Smoke on the Water.
“Nope. There’s just me and my workers. Balthazar, Alfie, Rachel. The seasonal workers. And, of course, there’s this,” Cas adds, flicking his wrist.
How long has it been?
"What the hell?"
And what about Pamela’s words, her certainty that he and Castiel are destined for each other or whatever? Was that a lie or did Castiel change his mind and deemed Dean unworthy?
It feels filthy and wrong, here of all places. The whole tunnel might be watching. But Cas is insistent. And Dean doesn't mind.
Paradise Bee-Gained.
“I’m pretty sure there’s also wine,” Castiel says, as the lights form a path before them. “And food.”
There are no markings on the walls of any of them. No footprints left in the dust. There’s no trail of blood either, which is good. Cas isn’t hurt. He’s probably still running after the thing just so he can come back with a win.
Dean can feel his eyes growing. If he removes chicken from the salad will it still count or does he have to move them straight to the dessert in the least awkward way?
Or is it another trick? Wouldn't be the first time the tunnel played with the spray paint.
He just popped up at his door with a checkered blanket and a picnic basket, and Cas is staring at him like he grew a second head.
But they’re not here to talk about the bees or the magic.
Now he's gonna die here. Maybe just as he deserved, all alone, in this craphole. With his back pressed against the wall, he waits for his brain functions to subside, for his body to shut down.
“A picnic?” Cas asks, staring at Dean.
The tunnel's never gonna let them out. But that doesn't matter right now, he'll deal with that later. The only thing that matters is finding—
“Hopefully even better. Fresh fruit straight from the farmer’s market.”
“Alright, fine,” he says, letting go of Sam to turn back to Pamela. “You can read my palm.”
Dean feels his forehead. Hesitantly, he touches where Bobby's gun was pressed just a moment ago. There's a wound there, a gaping hole in Dean's head.
Dean does as instructed. In front of him on the coffee table, there stands a blue birthday candle stuck into a piece of modeling clay.
He picked an awful timing for the confession. Almost as soon as his words leave his mouth, Cas stops abruptly, turns his flashlight to his left. His other hand follows, the gun’s ready; Cas shoots twice at some threat only he can see.
His head is heavy with the frantic pounding of his heart, his lungs feel like bursting. His entire body feels like an anthill had made his skin their home. But that's just the adrenaline. Or the anxiety. Or both.
Now, they’ll at least have each other in this nothingness.
Cas points the light to a tall and narrow hole in the wall a few yards away.
Pamela either doesn’t notice (can she even read his aura at the same time she’s reading his palm?) or doesn’t mind. She keeps tracing the lines on his palm with her fingertips, eyebrows rising above the cloth covering her eyes. “Huh. There’s power in your future. Power unlike anything I’ve seen before.”
He knows Cas is still somewhere before him by the even sound of hasty footsteps. Every time Dean’s sure he’ll catch him, spot the flair of his light plaid shirt as he turns the corner, no matter how much he picks up the speed, Cas is not there when Dean spills into the straight stretch.
"Well, you saved my life and I'd like to thank you properly for that. What do you say about dinner?"
Dean looks at her confused but waits for her to continue.
And when that stops, when the legs cease to kick, when no more movement comes from the body, Dean still waits—just a little bit longer, just to make sure.
That’s the only thing he needs in his life.
Dean wipes the goofy smile on his face and double-checks his fly. Sam doesn't have to know.
"Yeah but are you sure we haven't taken extra turns or something?"
Dean wants to protest because this was supposed to be casual. A chance meeting while Dean was buying honey for the tea he hasn't drank in ages, completely unplanned. But Alfie's already out back, calling Castiel's name.
Just like that, it's all done. Just like that, the fire dies down on what's left of Cas.
He doesn’t want fire to feel like tar, stick and stretch with his every motion. He doesn’t want the atoms of oxygen in the air he’s breathing in to bubble like a fizzy drink in his pipes, doesn’t want the specs of dust under his fingertips when there’s nothing there to be felt.
It doesn’t take a degree in orthopedy to figure that no, Sam’s not gonna be good to go, not for a while. Putting strain on his injury could majorly fuck up his tendons. Not to mention, slowed down like this, he’s not only useless, but vulnerable, too.
“You know that not every witch gets a familiar,” Dean says, more to himself than to Sam.
Nausea rises in Dean's stomach. Dean can't think about this now. He has to focus on what's right in front of him.
He would never hesitate if there was smoke coming from the crack, not for a second. If the heat of fire radiated through the solid wood, if the stench of burning permeated the air around him. All of that he’s used to, after all. Saving life is his bread and butter. Changing his own — in a very different way than third-degree burns he risks each day would — that’s a bit more nerve-racking.
There's a gun in his hand and it's pointed at Dean.
Why aren't they moving?
At least the family's safe, he and Benny got everyone out. Benny—he got out too. Dean was supposed to follow right behind him. It's a matter of seconds 'til Benny realizes something went wrong and tries to go back in to save him. Except he can't, it's suicidal. The fire's too far gone and Dean knows it.
He doesn’t have to do this. Cas doesn’t require a gesture this grand, even though he fully deserves it.
“Dinners?”
"Do you want something to drink?"
He's really not gonna make it any easier for Dean, is he?
“So, how do you like my world so far?” Dean asks, finally having a moment alone with him, in the kitchen, sipping coffee that, for the first time in this building, or maybe in the history of firefighting, isn’t crappy — thanks to Anna’s recommendation. “Glad you joined?”
She turns to face them again.
But before he gets to cast it, the panther pulls back to his hind legs and springs a few feet into the air. His massive body arches over Dean’s head like it’s no effort at all, then lands behind Dean’s back.
A touch on his right arm makes him jump. He lifts his gun but what he points it to is the wall. He must have gotten carried to the side. Except when he tries to move back to the center, he hits the other wall.
What the hell is he looking for? A lever? A loose stone he could push and open the secret passage he could swear was here? There’s no draft in the corners and the untouched spiderwebs tell him the wall hasn’t popped out here in at least a couple weeks.
He grabs Sam's shoulders to shake him, gently. To do something that can wake him up, because Sam can't be dead.
“I meant to say ever since you and him—”
Astonished gasps rise from the crowd. Dean’s mouth falls agape but he can’t even force out a sound. This can’t be happening. This can’t be happening. This doesn’t happen. Not to good, strong witches. Once a familiar chooses a witch, they either get bound, or, should the witch fail, they return to their world through the pyre.
"I wanted to find out what the hell could possess a guy to name their brand 'Paradise Bee-gained'." he says, eyebrows raised. Even pronouncing the name makes Dean cringe. And he loves puns and making up silly names. It's that bad.
Dean lets out a soft laugh to loosen the atmosphere. "No, sorry. Actually I was—" He sets the jar down then looks Castiel right in the eye. "You said you aren't around much. So I didn't wanna miss my chance."
Dean springs to his feet and leaves the circle. When the crowd doesn’t split up for him like it did for Castiel, Dean has to use his elbows. Some are trying to block his way with deliberation. Some are trying to talk him down, strangers’ voices telling him to get back to his knees and wait, to not be a baby about it.
A long month, when each day he grew more impatient. As if Cas was going somewhere, as if he was gonna lose him if he doesn’t act fast. Maybe that’s just the way the end of summer makes you feel. But Cas was not Dean’s summer fling. He wasn’t his fling at all. Cas is for life, Dean knows it.
He picks up his pace, the soles of his boots thudding steadily against the ground.
“So what do you think?” Dean asks, leaning close to Cas’s ear.
Pamela taps a finger on her chin. “Maybe it’s a little funny. But let’s
“I’m starting to feel like I and Cas both oversold it.”
"Hey I was wondering, does a guy named Castiel sell here?"
“Well you’re in luck, Cas, because the lady at the store said it’s the best pork straight from Lafitte Ranch.”
He shrugs. “The second dates are not guaranteed.”
“What?”
It took him a month. A month of daily training with Anna and then even more training at home only separated by work, sleep, and spending time with Cas. And he’d thought feeling magic for the first time was the hardest part.
He let the Kellers die, too. He let everyone die.
As he walks, the lights keep shifting before him, extending the path. It takes a while, but it doesn’t feel hopeless anymore; the sense of purpose that pushed him forward at the start of this ridiculous adventure has returned to him. He’s gonna find Castiel, he’s certain of it.
It's a final stretch and he'll be out of this shit hole. If he can make it through.
And it's fresh, so it has to be Cas's. The wound has to be much worse than Dean thought.
“I’ll take that as a challenge.”
Dean deflates. He’s not a fan of this idea. Not a fan at all.
Then it all goes quiet—no, Cas goes quiet.
“If you’d rather start with a bigger candle, that can be arranged,” Anna says as if reading his mind.
It's familiar in a way that rings alarm bells in Dean's head, even before he pulls his fingers up to his nose; it's been a while since he smelled it last, but it's unmistakable.
Why do teens always have to find the worst possible places to have fun in? Haunted houses, abandoned institutions. Dean’s never been a stickler to the rules, but ‘Keep Out’ signs tend to have a point.
Is this…
"Dean!"
Soon, as Dean's lifted arm guides him lower, his spine curves into a bow, his knees bend on tense calves. This ain't fun and it's burning, every muscle, every stretched tendon.
“Come on, wait!”
Cas lets out a huff of mirthless laugh. “I’m asexual,” he says, almost stumbling on the word. But it doesn’t tell Dean much. “Not into anyone,” he repeats, adding emphasis on the last word. “Guess I’m the opposite of you.”
Sam is not lying on the ground, dead and broken.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he’s quick to say. “But you had to have
About ten turns in, it starts to get ridiculous. How long can the tunnel be? How far could Cas have gone and still have the echo carry his steps? And why the hell isn’t Cas stopping, even though Dean’s been calling him like an idiot, pleading for him to wait. Catching the monster isn’t as important right now, as it is to find Cas.
Dean dares a peek at her over his shoulder. There’s a list of various fortune-telling services listed above her head, from tarot reading to coffee reading. Still, he’s not convinced.
And, well, Dean fucking hates tight spaces. It's not claustrophobia, okay? He will push through if he has to. But there's just something about the walls closing in around his body, blocking his movement and making him vulnerable to any threats that might come after him that makes him really fucking uncomfortable.
It’s only a matter of time before a witch manages to bind a familiar, the silver chain secured around a dog’s neck. The dog bows in respect before transforming to his human form to greet the witch properly. They walk away from the circle together under the jealous gazes of several witches still waiting for a familiar to answer their call, Dean among them.
As long as he can hum, he can breathe. The air isn't going anywhere. It's just his lungs trying to devour too much of it, all at once.
Though, shouldn’t the chamber be in sight by now? Ahead, the walls keep stretching out as far as Dean’s light can reach. But it’s not like Dean has any other choice but to keep going.
"You're the boy I chose. My witch."
Dean cranes his neck to take a look at his savior, but the medic scolds him for it and stuffs a spatula into his mouth to check his airways for burns.
Dean lets out a soft laugh. “You know what, I don’t even care about them.”
Pamela slumps against her chair.
Dean shifts his flashlight up behind Sam, to where they came from. There ain’t that many stairs to beat, but each one is narrow and a little too tall, as if they were designed to make any terribly misguided tourist stumble and snap their neck. He wouldn’t be too surprised to find the missing couple’s bodies right here at the bottom. And a bunch of skeletons too. That’d solve a few decades long mystery and surely be one for the books.
Dean sinks into the armchair, but despite its softness, he can’t make himself comfortable. Which probably doesn’t have much to do with the seat itself.
Dean nods and does as he’s told. He watches Castiel transform back into a panther. He doesn’t run this time—he moves closer to Dean, his ink-black body becoming one with the darkness as the lights settle down on the table.
It’s fine, though. Dean can roll with it. Castiel wants home cooked, home cooked it will be. The most important part is that he said yes. So they got a date and Dean couldn’t be any more giddy about it as he sprints back to the firehouse to tell Charlie and Benny all about it.
“Cas, you idiot,” Dean grumbles, running a hand over his face.
A buzzing of a pesky fly in a room at night, a dripping faucet — those are annoying enough when he can only hear them, disturbing his sleep. Will he ever sleep again with a sensation of his neighbor’s grumpy cat against his skin, his allergy spiking up even in his own home?
"I love you, Cas. I've loved you for so long."
A sense of foreboding settles heavily over Dean as he stares first at it then back at the blind witch.
"Hey, give it a few years of training and you'll be able to bring small fires to embers."
Dean can't help picking up his pace and pulling Cas along. He just wants to see Sammy, at last. Have both people he loves close to him. As long as they're together, they will find their way out.
Then he opens his mouth again like there’s something he wants to add but decides against it. Did he ask Cas why or when he’s coming? Did he tell him Dean’s waiting for him like an idiot who can’t get a hint?
"O-kay," Dean says, unsure but doesn't push farther. Not like Dean knows anything about the needs of people like him, definitely not better than the guy himself. "So I heard you're the one who saved my life."
None of that happens, though. As the light nears him, Castiel gives out another roar—Dean could swear it’s annoyed rather than angry, but he’s not going to risk it—and ducks, laying his tummy on the ground. The spell brushes the fur along his spine and withers into nothing.
"Are dead, I know. Not what I—"
Yes, he should go back, though he’s really not eager to return defeated. How could he look anyone in the eye? How could he look Sammy in the eye if he didn’t do everything he can to find his familiar?
that coming.” And with that, he bursts out laughing for real. What can he say, he’s hilarious.
She seems oddly pleased as she leads them back to her stall, where she takes her seat behind it with Dean standing on the other side. She motions for him to give her his hand.
“Oh come the fuck on!” Dean barks, his eyes darting left and right between the pathways.
Anna says it’s not meditation, but it sure looks like meditation to Dean. Relax, deep breaths, clear your mind of thoughts and all that. The problem is, the harder he’s trying to get rid of thoughts, the more thoughts swarm his brain, each calling for attention.
“Thanks,” he says abashedly, hoping he’s not turning into a bumbling idiot in front of the guy. “I don’t do this often.”
He doesn’t mind, though he’d rather be out of here. He’d rather be in the motel room, savoring the moment before falling asleep in Cas's embrace.
There’s an old oak tree outside of Dean’s bedroom window. It was growing right there in the middle of the land when Dean bought it: he had to change his building plans to accommodate it because he didn’t have a heart to cut it out.
“It looks like you got the answer to your…metaphysical question,” he says. What question? All Cas asked was how. “Where do monsters go when they die in monster heaven?”
Dean turns his face back to the flames, wishing the fire would encase him and swallow him whole, just so he doesn’t have to keep kneeling here, humiliated, all eyes on him.
Everything else is a distraction.
“He’s in there,” comes a voice that isn’t quite Cas’s, isn’t Sam’s either.
That can’t be true. Dean knows how controlling the lights feels. Right now, he can’t sense them in his hold at all, can’t lead them. He bends his fingers to call the lights back to him, but not one of them will even budge. They prefer to dance around Castiel, instead.
Not one of the bonding stories he’s heard could prepare him for this. For the sensation surging through his entire body. The power, akin to his own—or is it his own? If so, why is it so much more mighty than it’s ever been? And the ease with which it comes to him is nothing like trying to work a spell. There are no foreign words that come with it, there is no focus on anything other than Castiel’s form, Castiel’s breathing, and the pounding of Dean’s own heart in the silence.
Should he try to explain himself? Should he give Cas a sanitized rundown of his entire life story?
So he's seeing things. He's feeling things too. His bloodied t-shirt clinging to his skin. It was so real.
The monster didn’t even eat them or drain them of their blood. Didn’t tear their hearts out for dinner. The thing is murdering just for the heck of it.
Dean's heart skips a bit.
How could Dean ask so much of him? That very, empty stare had been haunting Dean's nightmares, yet now, he can't tear his eyes off it, as he backs away.
"No!"
It doesn't bring Dean relief. The tears don't want to stop pouring.
“I thought you were here to check my smoke alarm,” Cas says, moving aside to let him through. “Come in.”
Seconds stretch out as Dean awaits Cas’s answer, and his chest feels like bursting, from the excitement, from the strain and from the love that’s suddenly so overwhelming.
And it's empty. There's no Cas here, no sign of him. He just kept moving, he didn't fall into that tap as stupidly as Dean did.
Why did he fail?
"Dean?"
If he could sleep, maybe he’d be able to dream about Dean. Maybe it would even feel real, even if it could never be. Cas hasn’t dreamt in so long. It could be nice, he could see Dean, hear his voice. He could touch him and talk to him and have Dean smile at him with that wide smile that brightens up his whole face.
Cas watches the movie attentively, though Dean’s not sure he’s enjoying it too much. Which is a crime, but Dean’ll let it slide. Especially since it’s actually better this way, because there are other things they can be doing now and Cas won’t mind missing the ending.
His fingers wrap around Cas’s neck.
They don’t flee. Dean didn’t even get the proper chance to bond with him. All around the fire, the spells are still being cast, time after time, trial and error and trial. Why did Dean only get one shot?
Dean points the light at the drag marks, follows them farther and farther away from where he's standing. Until the light meets not another puddle but a pool of thick, crimson sea covering the ground.
“Well, McClane didn’t have a wizard like you to save him from trouble.”
Dean's heart hammers in his chest as he runs. He opens his mouth to shout but his lips refuse to utter Cas's name.
Castiel lowers his head then shakes it from side to side. If it's not Castiel then what? They couldn't have just gotten a life of their own. As much as they look like fireflies, they are not.
Even pale and exhausted, the guy looks hot as hell, and Dean would know, he was just saved from one.
He does, reluctantly.
There’s no chance he can catch up to a panther, he’s painfully aware of that. But he has to try. By the time he makes it halfway through the long, straight path that leads from the pyre, across the camp, into the forest, the dark shape ahead is gone.
A bitter thought occurs to him then: So much for Pamela’s certainty that the spirits were watching him or whatever it is she told him. What was it again? Castiel? Well, she and that Castiel, whoever he is, were most certainly a fraud. Dean shouldn’t be surprised.
Two people. Dead. Or dying.
Have the noises from the pyre died down? Dean could swear he heard the shouts and laughter coming from it just a moment ago. Or maybe it’s just the distance that quieted it when Dean wasn’t paying attention.
Cas narrows his eyes at him. It’s Benny, it’s really him. The same voice, the same blue eyes, even the smile, though Cas was never the one at the receiving end of those.
Without thinking, Dean shoots towards it. Human or monster, he just wants to see another living being. And hopefully not be too late to save someone.
Castiel is Dean’s familiar. Dean’s not going to settle for anyone else.
Dean closes his eyes and listens to the rustling of leaves under Castiel’s paws. He doesn’t dare move, even as Castiel’s breath brushes Dean’s face. Heaviness falls on Dean’s shoulder—Castiel’s paw. Something even heavier falls on his heart, a profoundness of the moment, like he’s never felt before.
“O—okay, that’s not right,” Dean mumbles under his breath, casting the light around its corners.
Jo's guts.
Dean blinks again. He must be seeing things. He murdered the monster. He murdered the thing wearing Dean's own face, the face that looks at him every day from the mirror.
Dean nods, but the knot in his stomach is back with double the force. Cas was right, he is a down-to-earth kind of guy and he never thought he’d be touching magic in any shape or form.
But there's no escape. He hits another wall. There's always another wall. With tall letters, there's only one word sprayed on it.
He doesn't want to go out without a fight, but, though his eyes, trained well by the years of service, keep sweeping the small, smoke-filled, fiery pit of the room, they find nothing that would help him save his life.
What's a gloomy, stone tomb to what they've both been through?
To be fair, there’s more to that than staring. There’s something Dean’s supposed to feel but doesn’t know how to. And there’s no instructions Anna can give him that can help him. She only assures him he can get there, that it’s not a make believe — which he knows — and that he’s not inherently unable to do — which he doubts more each second.
It moves. Dean takes a step forward.
Wherever his light reaches, there's nothing but blood.
"What the—?"
Dean snaps around, gun in hand. Finger on the trigger. The light clearing his line of sight.
He had to step up and borrow some of Bobby’s cooking books, left on one of his many, many bookshelves by his late wife and mismatched to the rest of his book collection. He only ended up using one of them, the most worn out one with pages that barely held on together and were marked all over with ink in what he assumed was Karen Singer’s handwriting. He did use her corrections and notes, too, of course.
Cas looks damn fine in firefighter pants. And that’s just one of the perks of Cas joining the team. He’s more of a free-lancer, which means he’s not stuck at the firehouse whole days like Dean is. Which, don’t get Dean wrong, he loves spending time there, because one: if they’re in there, bored, means no one is losing their home and possessions, or possibly life. Two: he gets to spend time with his two best friends, Charlie and Benny, and that sure as hell isn’t time wasted.
“Yessir,” Dean blurts, ashamed, but Cas kisses it away.
Once Dean and Cas manage to somehow haul Sam’s ass up the stairs, it’ll still leave about half a mile of meandering the tunnels to reach the exit. It’s doable, sure. A pain in the ass, but doable. Then they’ll drop Sam off at the motel and return to check out the place, just the two of them.
"You kept me going," Dean says against Cas's lips. "I was so scared."
This one rule they set before even stepping a foot in. Because when did splitting up ever not end in a huge fucking mess?
Magic and all that it might do to Dean’s worldview sounds terrifying. And it sounds incredible. In skilled hands, in hands like Cas’s, it can be power and beauty and safety. He got a taste of that before he ever laid his eyes on Cas, on the day that he met him, months ago.
“Yatzee.”
it says.
"Good Morning! I'm Alfie. How can I help you?" asks a kid in a ball cap, bright smile, kind eyes.
Dean narrows his eyes. "Herb girl?"
He doesn’t run this time. What good will haste do? If he takes another wrong turn, he’ll only waste more time. The light slides with ease along the walls. He swings it like a pendulum left and right and left, impatient for the exit to reveal itself.
It's getting harder to hold on, his palms slippery with sweat. He pumps the air out of his lungs to make himself narrow. He puts all his strength to it, to push himself through the tightest spot as quickly as possible.
"So he's one of the—?"
Dean rolls his eyes and makes a mental note of kicking Benny's and Charlie's asses for that. But then, he almost died, alright? He had a right to look a little dirty.
“Cas? What the—”
Honey. Bees. Apiary.
He’s not sure what he’ll do once he reaches the chamber. There are two more corridors to explore and he’s got a feeling they aren’t gonna be this easy. He might as well do eenie meenie miney mo on them and hope for the best.
And relief Dean will give him. He'll let him go.
But it’s here, it’s real and there’s no pushing it away. The stone scrapes across his skin as he drags his hand from side to side.
He doesn’t even know his last name. That is until the point Cas’s face appears in the door at the address Dean has marked as C. Milton. Of course. Dean’d laugh if he wasn’t too stumped seeing him.
“We can’t waste time,” Cas says, using the opportunity. “I can handle myself.”
It seems to last forever. Dean doesn’t release his grasp until he’s sure that Cas is truly dead.
A rustling sound reaches his ears before he takes more than a few steps away. Rocks scraping on the ground. Footsteps. Behind him.
Instead, he grabs the closest jar of honey, looks down at the label and back at Castiel.
“I’m Dean Winchester,” he says. “And I’m—”
He closes his eyes. Not much changes, really. It’s still the same darkness, except this way his eyes get to rest. So he lies and lies and lies there. He’s trying to think of good things, then he makes himself let go of Dean’s face, just for a moment and think of no things at all.
But Cas still isn’t stopping. Can he not hear him? Do the walls distort Dean’s voice beyond recognition?
“Come on, Castiel,” Dean mutters, but in this silence his voice sounds disturbingly loud. “Where on earth did you go?”
Above the bee there’s a blue banner with a company name and a label.
Dean shakes his head. Whatever the task, he’d rather start tiny.
What is he even talking about here? Walls don’t move. He got lost. That’s all.
No, there is a face. It's covered entirely with brownish blood and crusted stands of his hair, but it's there.
"How much longer?" Dean asks.
Well, it’s gonna have to. Dean’s not gonna chain Castiel against his will.
Cas is right here, piercing Dean with his stare, waiting for what he's got to say.
He’s about to give up—maybe the person doesn’t want Dean to catch them—when the light lands on the shape for a split second, a hunched back turned on Dean. He’d recognize white shirt criss-crossed with thin blue lines anywhere. Just this morning, Cas pulled it from Dean’s drawer and put it on, complaining that all of his shirts are dirty.
He raises his hand and sinks it in the soft fur on the side of Castiel’s neck. Their foreheads touch. As their slow, steady breathing synchronizes, Dean realizes he’s seen this scene before. A simple sketch in one of Bobby’s oldest books. A witch and a familiar forging the bond without force, without tricks or chains.
She clearly overestimated him, as did Dean. Maybe he just doesn’t have it in him. Cas claims everyone can learn to use magic. But to every rule there’s an exception and it would be just Dean’s luck for that one exception in a million to be him.
It’s not like he expected any different. He was a fool for hoping in the first place. It was nice while his dream lasted, but now it’s time to suck it up and go back to his real life. He’s just not good enough. Less and less familiars appear now, and there are several witches left still waiting. What are the odds one will come for Dean? Pretty damn close to zero, if he’s being honest.
“Come on, Dean," it says with a gross smirk. "It's me!"
With the other hand, he flips the flashlight. Craning his neck as far as he can without taking his scalp off, he takes a peek at his side. Is that a bruise? Dark, sprawling under his skin?
It's not just that ghastly feeling this time.
When it's over, it leaves Dean in a daze much sweeter than the screams and the blood and the bang of a fired gun did.
But the person doesn’t stop. Dean picks up the pace, twisting his upper body as the walls close in on him.
“He has blue eyes,” Pamela says instead of a proper answer, running her fingers through her black hair. “Now hurry along. The Feast is about to start.”
Dean won’t find out. Trying not to show his hurt, he thanks Alfie and walks away.
There's way too much blood for simple scratches.
His entire body is a wound.
"It's okay," Cas coos. He offered Dean comfort, his body close, his thumb gently caressing Dean's jaw. "I'm here. I'm not letting you go."
He didn’t touch Sam. Sam was somewhere there behind him.
“Let’s say I tend to skip dinner and move straight to breakfast.”
He flails his hands and legs trying to get up and behind him, his palm meets something wet, but it's not thick blood—it's water. It's just water. Maybe there's an exit that way, out into the river that borders the town.
The cold steel of the barrel presses to Dean's forehead. Dean closes his eyes.
Would anyone ever even find him? Sam, Cas? Another lost adventurer? Or will the monster at least feast on his body? Somehow that sounds better than rotting here in these catacombs.
But there’s still something about the idea, the image of Cas sipping his jasmine green tea in the same suede armchair Dean’s now slumping into, gossiping away about him, saying his name…
“Cas, about...about our friendship thing,” he starts, a little awkwardly.
Or was he ever even there? He had to. Dean reaches into his pocket, pulls out the piece of fabric. But there's something off about the way it feels between Dean's fingers.
The worry crease on Cas’s forehead deepens, which Dean loathes to see.
Dean shines the light on the ground. There it is. The gleaming trail, it's leading right.
Dean instinctively lifts his hand to protect his eyes. This is not supposed to be happening. Breath caught at his throat, he dares a peek behind his fingers.
“It turns your whole world around.”
Does it matter?
But the first one pales in comparison, it was just mouths and warmth and taste. This kiss is Cas, fully, inexhaustibly. It’s the aftertaste of blueberry on his tongue and weave of the fabric of his shirt and the curls on his neck, beneath Dean’s fingers. It’s both their hearts beating faster, their movements matching like a favorite dance routine.
"What? No—"
“I now understand why you love it. It’s more rewarding than selling honey.”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” he bellows, slamming his fist into the wall, only hurting himself in the process.
“Maybe.” If excited means he’s about to puke, then yes, Dean’s excited.
It helps, faintly. But there’ll be no ease ‘til he sees Cas safe and sound; smoking gun, the monster down, in the pool of its own blood.
Dean slips the gun into his holster, puts the flashlight on the ground to free his hands, and digs into it. Scrapes away bit after bit and throws the clay to his feet. His fingers begin to hurt but he ignores it. He digs until the clay reveals something.
He takes it as an invitation; he presses against Cas, to be close, closer, never breaking the kiss, his hands slides down across Cas’s shirt, to his leather belt, slides his thumb along the hem of his waist, grazing the bare skin on his stomach.
“Sorry, Dean,” Alfie says as soon as his eyes catch him in the line, “Castiel isn’t here.”
But first, he tries methodic, calm motions—if he can call them that. He pushes himself away from the wall, as hard as possible, while his slippery fingers pull at the skin.
“No,” Castiel cuts him off. “We'll do it as it was intended, a long time ago. Kneel down.”
Sure, Dean finds it pretty frustrating as well. Every second that they’re stalling lessens the chances of finding the missing people alive. And they’ve been gone for hours already by the time they reached this town.
He just has to wait. He just has to forget what loving Dean feels like. Even if the very idea of it hurts. If he loses his love, what will be there left of him? Maybe to sleep he needs to be as hollow as the empty, first.
But he’s not sure what to do. He looks at the chain and back at Castiel.
Sam elbows him in the stomach. “What’s the harm? She said she’ll do it for free.”
Dean reminds himself to still the anxiety rising up his spine.
But he’s gotta find that stupid son of a bitch, first. How come it always seems to be this way with Cas? In Purgatory, Dean at least had company and a trail of bodies to leave behind. Here he’s got nothing. Not a single fucking breadcrumb.
Dean lifts his palm and conjures up light; a dozen of green orbs, hardly bigger than the head of a pin, but bright enough to light up the path. Spread out and constantly moving, from the distance they’re indistinguishable from fireflies. Innocuous enough as to not disturb the night life of the forest or alarm Castiel to his approach. That is, once Dean actually manages to locate him.
And then, he runs.
For a moment nothing happens.
But Cas, of course, has to be a stubborn idiot.
How long has it been? How long since he got here, since he gave up his life for Dean? He doesn’t regret it, not for one second. He was always gonna end up here, anyway. What’s important is that Dean is alive, fighting God, saving the world.
And luckily Cas has the decency to pretend he didn’t catch Dean’s fumbling.
“But I—”
you do?”
This will not be his end. If he can only calm himself down. He turns his shape, ragged breath into familiar notes of a Metallica song. One of the few, little comforts he can always fall back on.
The monster writhes underneath him, calls out for help, with words that make no sense, words Dean refuses to listen.
"Dean?"
Thick, iron shackles restrain his wrists and ankles, the chains tie him to his spot in the center of the vast chamber.
"And it has absolutely none to do with that herb girl, does it?" Benny interjects, wiggling his eyebrow at her.
hurt and that’s what matters.
On both his sides, the sharp rocks grate along his back and along his sternum. He can almost count his own ribs. If he so much as breathes, he might be done for.
It can't be this easy. There's no way this freaky place could be defeated by a can of paint, just like that.
Not in his wildest dreams could Dean see this night turn out this way. He hardly even believed he would get a familiar. Let alone one like Castiel, this peculiar, this incredible. One that could unlock Dean’s own power and teach him the old ways of magic. How  much more is there that Castiel can teach him? How much can they achieve together?
It’s a path.
Dean pushes with all the strength that he has, pushes until the bone structure under his hands cracks, until the trachea collapses and the monster can’t catch a breath. Its entire tall, wide body expands as it’s gasping for oxygen.
His stomach twists uncomfortably at that. He’d promised himself he wouldn’t be thinking of the other witches as competition, but he, Sam, and Bobby have barely set up their camp and he’s already in a downward spiral of worries.
But he won’t fail.
“Don’t be a baby now,” she tells him, busy using his blood on her blade to draw a sigil on the table.
With an unamused glare, Dean nods. Way to give him a heart attack. This whole thing already feels like turning his entire being around. But giving up coffee? That would be too much. Even for Cas.
Dean can’t even be bothered with the awful pun. All that he heard was
Dean lets out a long-suffering sigh. He should have kept his brand new skills to himself.
Not this. He didn’t do this.
The flames surround him. Crackling, scorching, slither nearer and nearer each second that Dean wastes frantically looking for a way out. A part of the ceiling collapsed right before his face, more followed. He barely escaped getting trapped under a heavy, burning beam. Being trapped by the fire itself is enough.
With a trembling hand, he reaches down again. If his hip managed to pop into this trap, it has to be able to come out, too. Even if it hurts. Even if he has to break his pelvis to be free.
He wants to feel Cas in every way Cas will let him.
“Relax,” Anna says for the nth time just this hour. Somehow Dean’s really having trouble with that particular command.
“What do you mean? Not into guys?”
The tightness in his chest grows.
“No, just vegetarian,” Castiel replies, plopping down on the chair, his face blank behind the fragrant steam rising from the beef.
Another thud and it all goes quiet. So awfully quiet. But the light catches something in the distance. Two shapes discarded on the ground: one by the wall, the other smack in the middle of the path.
And of Castiel. Most of all, of Castiel.
“You had a right to freak out. It was our first date. I swear I’m not some sex-crazed frat boy.”
He grabs Sam by the elbow and starts walking away, chest squeezing around his lungs.
The form freezes for a moment, as if deciding whether to call back to him.
Cas shakes his head. "I saw the shadow. And the— Dean, the Kellers—"
"Yup," Benny replies.
The light hits a wall ahead. For a second, Dean’s breath catches in his throat. But it’s not a dead end, this time. The wall is angled to the left, leading to nowhere. He turns the flashlight to the right.
The hole is hardly person-sized. Bored into the solid rock. Dean shines the light inside. It goes a dozen or so feet deep before curving off to the side.
Definitely torture, then. Dean never mentioned home cooked, did he? He meant a restaurant — he knows a few Castiel might like. Would he say no if Dean tried to correct him now?
“Dean’s good. At least was, when I saw him the last time. He and Sam are fighting God, now.”
"Come on, come on!"
“Dean! You came,” Anna greets him, as soon as she appears in the open door. Her red hair tied up in a bun, her body wrapped in a soft-looking sweater.
At least he isn’t one of the flying types. Those are much more difficult to bind, even with Dean’s impeccable aim. But Castiel doesn’t even move. He just stands there, in front of Dean, his teeth bared to intimidate, eyes watchful of Dean’s every breath.
His fingernails scrape against the stone above him. He can't punch his way through, this time. He can't crawl out through the dirt and emerge on fresh air, afternoon sun, nuke blast site.
“Shut up.”
The ease that was building between them is gone, replaced with heavy tension. If Dean doesn’t do something, Castiel might turn back into his animal form and disappear. For good this time.
He lifts his palm to his eyes, to make sure he's still got his eyeballs. They're there. There's blood too, trickling down his face from his forehead. That explains the merciless pounding in his head and why he's lying on the cold ground.
“You can’t feel a feather without touching it — not yet, at least.”
hoping you’d ask.”
"He's between the Hollow Forest Herbs and Bess's Shepherd's Pie stand!" Charlie calls behind him.
He’s real. And he’s alone. And he can’t sleep no matter how hard he tries to.
The white shirt on the one a little farther back stabs out against the dark backdrop.
Her body colorless, slumped half-seating against the wall. Her dead eyes stare at him with accusation.
Does it matter?
The dove flies in a circle around the fire before soaring lower. It lands in front of a red-haired girl, beak lowered, neck feathers fluffed, and it waits.
"Bees, huh? That’s a shame. A huge talent is going to waste. Does that even require the—" Dean waves a hand imitating what Charlie showed him earlier before he can think much of it. Do they even call it magic?
"I'll be right back," Dean says, jumping off the couch. He thrusts the jar into Charlie's hand and goes for the door.
They don’t dwell on risky topic throughout the dessert but talk about Cas’s complete lack of cultural knowledge past the seventeenth century. By the end of it Dean insists on not letting Cas out until he watches Die Hard with him.
“Awesome,” Dean lets out, still astonished. Still overwhelmed and so, so happy.
Cas and Sam aren't dead. They can't be. Dean'll keep telling himself that, though it sounds like a lie. He needs something that will keep him going.
“Cas,” Dean echoes, as if he only just learned his name. He tastes it on his tongue and wants more.
“My sight’s twenty-twenty, thanks,” Dean says, sounding maybe a little too harsh.
And yet, it arches above him. Tight, locking him in, blocking the air—it's getting thinner by a second. Dean gasps, quick and shallow, violent last breaths.
At least keeping busy means he doesn’t have the time to think about worst-case scenarios. It also means that by the time he wipes the sweat off his forehead and accepts the flask Sam holds out for him, there are only a couple of hours left until midnight. Preparations for the feast are well underway all around them when Bobby finally allows them to wander through the camp.
A still distinct sound of footsteps ricochets through the chamber although it’s getting fainter. It surrounds Dean in a way that makes it impossible to tell where it’s coming from. Could be either of the corridors, could be the one behind him. Could be in the fucking ceiling disappearing in the darkness above him.
"Cas!" he calls, though he doesn't expect an answer. "Cas, if you're there, please!"
How could he leave Sam to the mercy of something so cruel? How could he let Cas get lost in its sprawling lair? He might as well have killed them himself.
It’s easy for her to say when she’s not the one sweating under her intense stare—it must be running in the family, except Cas’s piercing gaze has a very different effect on Dean than Anna’s. And it’s not her whose muscles come seconds away from cramping from the built up tension as he’s trying, subconsciously, to grab the warmth, the swirling particles, with his hands and stretch them out with brute force.
Dean takes a step forward. As on a cue, the orbs shoot forward and circle Castiel and light up his form. They light up his face, his eyes watching Dean.
“—Cas fell, yeah,” Dean cuts him off. “He’s a human now, humans are squishy.”
The tunnel had its end, but it's not the end of the road. If the stacked stones and clean angles have been the cruel design, this is where the real Shawshank begins.
She does, of course.
“Do you know how small the chances of that are?”
Then he runs off into the passage.
Even if he really,
Castiel shakes his head. "I'm not much of a fighter these days. I'm just an apiarist."
They walk back the same way Dean came here, at least at first. Dean couldn't recognize all the turns if he tried. But with the red marks left by Cas on the walls, and with Cas right here, the tunnel seems so plain and innocent.
