He sat on his bed motionless with his knees drawn up to his chest and his chin resting on his knees. He couldn't remember having ever felt that empty. Having had everything and being left with nothing.
He folded the sheets of music with care and slid them into an envelope that was actually meant for a Christmas card. He took out the card and wrote a few sentences in his best handwriting.
“I know,” John muttered, finding his hand once more and lacing their fingers together. “I don’t even know where he is.”
“You kissed me although you saw that I was not free, which says a lot about your moral standards, I suppose. But then, I shouldn’t be surprised.”
»I watched you in your sleep last night,« he admitted and avoided Sherlock’s eyes. »You looked peaceful at first, but then you suddenly started shivering very strongly. I suspected it was a bad dream causing it, so … I thought it might calm you down if I sang you the song that always helped
John didn't expect this question. He should have, considering the wedding, the awkwardness of their conversation, Sholto's reluctance, his guilt.
The barrel of a gun presses against his back, his chest, his head. Someone else has joined the circle.
John stripped down to his t-shirt and his pants since he hadn’t brought anything else with him. Sherlock’s mouth went dry as he watched him.
John showed him different zodiac signs, some of which Sherlock had heard of but didn't know their forms. He had never cared much for it. It was something he wouldn't want to cloud his brain with. When John pointed to various constellations such as the Swan, Hercules, Scorpio or Sagittarius, Sherlock's eyes followed his finger with not too much attention, focussing instead on the beautiful shape of John's hand. John was flawless in all ways there were. With his strong, yet gentle hands; shaped perfectly to fit into Sherlock's own. He listened to John's explanations with half an ear, losing himself in his own thoughts.
When he stood by the door, a quiet gasp of broke free from his chest, be it only because he had brought some distance between himself and the terrible situation that had started out so wonderfully.
John set the ball above his head while Sherlock got used to water temperature. What he didn’t know was that Sherlock watched the path of the little water drops in the wisps of his hair as they made their way down over the perfect curve of his shoulder, his clavicle and his pectoral muscles until it disappeared in the pool. “Ready?”
His face felt hot – his entire body did – but so did John's when he started kissing his jawline, his ear and further below; his cheek pressed lightly against Sherlock's skin when he kissed his neck and collarbone; his face must have been as flushed as Sherlock's.
It was hard to hold back the quiet moan when he suddenly felt the glide of John’s tongue along his upper lip, waiting, tasting, wanting more.
“Of course, love,” John breathed and cradled his face in his hands to emphasise his words. “Of course I still want you. I’ll always want you. I felt terrible without you.”
Sherlock pulled John closer, lifting his legs, folding them around John’s waist and digging his heels into John’s back. This was bliss, pure bliss. Pure happiness with no foreseeable end.
John pulled back and pulled him back down, readjusting their position. Sherlock tugged John’s head under his chin and folded both arms around him, pressing little kisses to the top of his head.
John moved lower and replaced his fingers with his mouth, trailing soft kisses on the way down to Sherlock’s nipple. Hot breath brushed against the little bud, coercing it to grow harder. When he closed his lips around it and sucked, Sherlock’s hands dug into John’s arms.
This was the moment when the dam broke and burst. He couldn’t hold back the emotions threatening to overwhelm him anymore and was shaken by silent sobs as he clutched John’s shirt tightly.
“I know I can’t make you responsible for the way other people are screwing up my life, but this is a very sensitive subject, and when I saw those damn pills, I couldn’t think straight. I was so angry because I didn’t want you to be like them, but there you were, telling me excuses that I couldn’t believe.”
“Good morning,” Sherlock always replied – because every morning with John waking up in bed with him was a good morning.
Sherlock reciprocated and angled his mouth just slightly since that was something he hadn’t deleted and it’d proved to be very useful in the past and it still was because John let out a soft sigh that drowned in the kiss.
.” John ran his thumb gently over Sherlock’s cheekbone. “You’re you, and that’s all that matters. Someone who might need a bit of experimentation, though I remember you already walking down that path last night,” he smiled at the memory. “If you don’t like what we do, you can tell me. I’m not forcing you into anything. You know that, right?”
“John,” Mary pants. Oh yes, right. She is still here. He’s still got a job to do. Or she does. He will have to see how the night goes.
He grabbed the hem of both his trousers and pants and removed them at the same time. Sherlock gasped at the friction and the cold air engulfing him all of a sudden. To his own surprise, he didn’t feel exposed under John’s gaze, even as goose bumps spread over his entire body.
have a heart, very capable of feeling and hurting and screaming and trusting and loving. It told the story of a crushed piece of him, a burned part inside him misused by so many people making Sherlock think it had been torn into shreds and charred to ash. They had made him believe loving and gentle gestures weren’t necessary and so Sherlock had rather fed his brain with stimulus than his heart with affection.
“Oh God!” He hid his face in his hands. There were bugs and ants everywhere. They surrounded him, coming closer towards him, buzzing loudly.
But maybe he was just too disappointed, too shocked, too dismayed to hear anything but his own explanation for it. Sometimes the human mind was rigid and didn't allow one to walk on a more rational path to the unmitigated answer.
John lets him go reluctantly. There are so many questions he wants to ask, so many answers he needs, but most importantly, he doesn't want to be alone right now.
“Look at him. He’s blushing,” Greg grinned gleefully. “Been re-living your shower adventures with John, eh?”
He excuses himself to the bathroom, and John gives him the privacy. He appreciates it partly, even if it baffles him a little. Sherlock has never been coy about revealing large parts of his nude body in front of people; Buckingham Palace being the best example. This is different, though. This is more intimate.
And thus, shone upon by the warm morning sun, Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson sit and smile at each other, and it's not only their mouths that smile but also their eyes and – most of all – their hearts.
the one bringing them to life. They only awaken when you play with them and think of stories they can tell each other,« John explained to her. »You’re their Lady Drosselmeier.«
“What’s so hard about it? It clearly wasn’t difficult going out without ever seeing the need to let me know where you’re heading or what for or when you’d be back!”
"John." Sherlock's deep baritone rumbles through the flat, resonating in John's rib cage. Sherlock has never said his name so seriously. "If I wanted to be alone, I would be not living with you, and a child, in a shared flat."
“You proved your point. Are you happy now?” Sherlock asked him. His face was paler than John had ever seen it and beads of sweat glistened on his forehead.
“Now, then. What did you want to ask me?” she wants to know, now that John is not ready to ask at all.
Once the shirt was discarded, he reached for the bottle and squeezed a good amount of lotion into his hands, spreading it evenly on his arms, neck and chest.
When the drinks were downed and the conversation took a turn towards sports again, John suggested they play the second set, which he and Bill lost again, but only narrowly. Sherlock told him it was lucky he didn't bet on their win and John threatened never to teach him anything again. All the while a smile tugged at the corners of his lips and Sherlock wondered if there had ever been a moment in which John didn't look happy. He simply couldn't imagine it. All he had seen was the way his face lit up when he grinned or laughed or giggled and decided he never wanted him to look sad. He knew how irrational he was being, but every time John smiled, he couldn't help but do it, too. It was too infectious and irresistible.
Once Sherlock had bought the presents for his parents, they had a look around a few other shops until John suggested going to a Christmas market.
John managed to pull him back a little, but the success was deceptive. He only loosened his grip to reach for the hollows of John’s knees and pulled them towards him with all his might. Caught off-guard, John lost his balance and fell backwards on the kerbside of the pavement. His back hit the edge.
Sherlock tentatively wound his arms around John's waist, roaming his hands over his back. John shifted slightly. He straddled Sherlock's hips and deepened the kiss, sucking and nibbling at Sherlock's lips, playing with his tongue. He couldn't stop the little sigh slipping from his mouth. The comfortable weight on his middle and the tongue in his mouth were not only responsible for his unhealthy heartbeat but also for something else currently coming to life between his legs. All he felt in John's presence recently were a flutter in his chest and building arousal. It was enough to drive him mad.
“Oh God, Sherlock. That’s terrible! I’m really sorry,” John said hurriedly. “I didn’t mean to bring it up. That must have been–“
He doesn’t know how much time had passed or how it happened at all, but eventually, they’re in Sherlock’s bed, limbs tightly wrapped around each other. Sherlock’s head is tucked under John’s chin, his breath warm on John’s chest. John breathes in Sherlock’s scent, the smell of his ridiculously expensive shampoo and something that is just Sherlock.
John’s hands reached for Sherlock’s fly and unbuckled his belt, freed the button and pulled down the zipper. He looked up at Sherlock, searching for any signs of him having changed his mind last minute, but couldn’t find any. If anything, there was arousal and fervour.
John inhales sharply when his own erection is trapped between Sherlock’s body and his own. He has ignored his own aching hard-on so far. “You–“
“It doesn’t mmh– matter now. It’s over,” Sherlock swallowed audibly and pulled back, wiping his palm over his damp cheeks. “You mentioned biscuits,” he said hoarsely.
"I'm sorry about what I said at the hospital. It just– it felt so real, Sherlock. All of it. I can't believe it was a dream."
Sherlock hesitated, looking down at his hands. John didn't know that he had no friends, not before Molly, and not after she left. How was he supposed to let him know without risking chasing him away? It said a lot about a person when they could never keep a friend, or even make a friend. Would John be put off by that? Would he realise Sherlock had more bad than good sides and leave?
Suddenly a pang of nerviness ran through Sherlock’s veins and flooded his brain like waves in a storm. He had no idea what they were going to do once the music stopped. Would John really want to kiss him later? Might he even do it here? In front of everyone? No, he wouldn’t do that. He’d want it to be intimate; just the two of them.
"You know, my father's voice was always in the back of my mind, but that was the first time that I was able to ignore it," John said, sounding relieved. "Ryan taught me everything. He took me to gay clubs and helped me learn a lot about myself."
He heard John taking a step back and searching something in the medical bag. Sherlock opened his eyes and moved further away from him when he approached him with it.
Neither of them realised how quickly the time was passing, but it was after their twelfth dance – and they didn’t count the short breaks between songs – and another five rounds of drinks, it was well past four in the morning, and their feet felt heavy and their heads were spinning.
When he was finished, he made little adjustments here and there, adding and crossing out, changing certain chords from major to minor. (Minor keys gave it that extra something. It was the salt in the soup.)
The taller man was cautious not to pull him too close even though he wanted to. He wanted to fold both arms around John and feel him press against his body. He wanted to run a hand over John’s chest, cup his cheek with the other and lean down to peck John’s lips; kiss him, taste him, melt into the soft and affectionate touches with which John would seduce him.
“No, Sherlock. I won’t make the same stupid mistake again. I'm not letting you up there again alone, waiting down here and standing by without being able to do anything. If I am not coming, you are not going.”
He can't force Sherlock to jump again and expect him to have another trick up his sleeve, just like the last time.
John remembers that day vividly. It’s painful to smile; painful to think about it. All the lost chances, the moments they would never get back. “I do, yeah,” he answers. “Things were still fine back then. Much better than the mess we’re in now.”
It had been a surprise to him that John kept kissing him in the mornings even though he must’ve tasted sour and bitter and absolutely horrible from the night, but John didn’t mind and Sherlock loved him so much he might burst with happiness.
But there was something else, too. Something that resembled what you experienced after running a marathon: being unable to breathe normally, utterly broken, aching all over, needing something to hold on to because your head was spinning, and dizziness overwhelmed you while all noises from around you were drowned out by your own heart that was still running, still fighting, still beating.
"That should be manageable." Sherlock winked at him and opened the door for John, who stepped out of the bathroom, ready for an evening filled with cold night air in his lungs, the chatter of Rosie and her friend, with utter excitement when they receive another handful of sweets to be put into their bags, Sherlock’s repertoire of tricks to those who wouldn’t open the door or shut it in their faces, Sherlock’s hand in his own while they would wait for the kids to return with more candy, warming up by the fire afterwards once all the treats would have been distributed fairly, and even more treats just between the two of them.
“No! It’s not all right. You come home at two in the morning even though you wanted to be back at ten. You’re the reason why I’m exhausted because I worried and you didn’t reply to any of my texts. I even called you,
They both groan when he is completely buried inside Sherlock. “Oh my … God,” Sherlock breathes, repeating himself. John smiles, and gives him a few moments to adjust. It doesn’t take long before he tells him to move, so John does.
"Get– Sherlock!" he screamed and his eyes flew open, sitting up and panting hard. He turned around instantly, finding him sitting beside him, taking Sherlock's face into his hands and running his fingers over his cheeks as if to make sure he was okay. "God…," he whispered and rested his forehead against Sherlock's.
No matter how much he wanted to save those moments in his mind palace, he was too far gone even to form a coherent thought. John's hand was moving rapidly over his cock, using his pre-come to make it smoother, and– "God, John, ahh!" he gasped and swiped his thumb over the tip, the foreskin completely drawn back.
Oh, what would he give for a repetition of yesterday’s events–, well, he was not necessarily eager to endure those awful aches again, but the soft touches of John’s hand, the light scraping of his fingertips massaging his scalp, the feeling of being safe and wanted and cared for–
Sherlock tried not to wince when he dragged himself out of the car once they arrived. He fished the key out of his pocket and opened the door with shaking hands. He hoped John wouldn’t notice so he blocked the view to the lock.
“Can you tell me what happened?” he asked quietly. “And please take your hand off my head. It hurts like hell.”
John smiles against his skin and presses his fingers Sherlock’s entrance, circling it at a leisure pace. Sherlock’s knees twitch at the touch. He gasps and holds his breath when John breaches him with the first finger. “All right?” he asks.
Sherlock turned back around; he didn't need to watch any longer. The alcohol didn't make him forget. It didn't lift the crushing weight off his chest. And seeing John like this only worsened everything.
»So, are you just going to stand there and watch me or would you like to help?« the blogger asked him as he reached for the kitchen scale.
Sherlock’s hands wander over his sides, smiling. He’s still amazed John would say it out loud so often; John will make sure to let him hear it whenever he wants to, just to see this smile, the spark in his eyes, the blush deepening in colour on his cheeks as often as he can. Right now though, the expression in Sherlock’s eyes grows impatient.
“I simply can’t believe how this is possible!” John burst out as if holding back this statement cost a lot of strength. “How can you not–“
man. So far, he had no other human subjects to which he could compare these feelings. He didn’t want any either, though. John was the only one who mattered, the only one he wanted to explore this terrain with.
The door to John's room opens once more and pulls him out of his determined thoughts, followed by a knock and a familiar "Yoo-hoo!"
The days pass in a blur. Every day, it's the same routine. A nurse comes in, checks his bandages, cleans and changes them every second day, asks how he feels, leaves the room again. At 8 o'clock sharp, breakfast is brought in, always consisting of two dry and hard pieces of bread, one small piece of butter and a little tub with jam in it. Coffee, too, tasting like water. Then someone helps John go to the bathroom, get cleaned up. Nothing to do until lunch. Maybe physiotherapy at noon, sometimes occupational therapy to help the scar heal. Nap. Watch telly. Occasionally a visitor or two. Never Sherlock. Dinner. Sleep.
"I want it," he heard himself say before he could stop himself. A nervous flutter rushed through his stomach.
John giggled and turned his head to look back out of the window. »Just behave for just one evening of the year.«
Sherlock remained silent for a while, letting John regain control over his body and mind, and kept stroking John’s back, his nape, his hair.
John frowns at the text, not even wondering how Sherlock knows; he simply does as he always does, but tells himself "screw this" and pours himself a glass anyway. The smoky liquid running down his throat calms him down, and a burning warmth spreads comfortably, heavily, in his stomach.
“Shut up,” Sherlock laughed and wanted to pull him down into a kiss, to taste John’s smile on his tongue, but John stopped inches before his lips.
Sherlock woke a few hours later, moaning in pain and kicking the duvet aside. His fingers clenched around the sheets. There were sweat stains on the neckline of his t-shirt and on his forehead.
with them sharing a bed when he was so opposed to the idea of the two of them being a couple? Was he even still opposed to it?
“God, Sherlock.” John’s hand wandered to his cheek and caressed it gently. He leant forward and pressed his lips against Sherlock's for a short moment. “I love you, too. I love you so much. You know that, don’t you? You
His vision is still blurred, and the more he blinks in an attempt to see more clearly, the more his head hurts. He's lying in bed. A very uncomfortable one. Must be a hospital.
Sherlock had never heard John sing before and the detective appreciated this moment deeply; he cherished every second of it; every note, every quiet word that left John’s lips with the lovely tune.
He didn’t deserve being taken care of like this after everything he did last night. He was lucky he hadn’t died. Why didn’t he think properly before he swallowed that stuff? Why didn’t he stop drinking before everything became a blur?
»It must be important if you turn up yourself, what happened?« he asked his little brother after he looked up from the documents that covered the table in front of him and then the scales fell from his eyes.
“Can I kiss you again?” John asked delicately. His breath was warm on his face, and Sherlock could only nod, his eyes falling closed. He let out a breathy sigh before John’s lips brushed against his own once more.
“But you know, it shouldn’t matter, what other people expect or think of you. Everyone’s different. That’s what makes us human, I suppose. We’d need millions and millions of subcategories for everything to really fit in because we think in pigeonholes and stereotypes. It’s not necessary to always define every little feature of ourselves or character trait or even who we fall in love with. It’s only ever going to hold us back from actually finding out who we are because we stop looking for new and different perspectives.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, bracing himself for John's response. It was sad really; he didn't know why, but he took to John somehow, even though he had only known him for less than five minutes. He was the kind of person who was strangely likeable despite not knowing them. Unfortunately, he let one deduction slip, and couldn't undo it. Time to face the consequences of his brain that likely would never shut up.
When they finally reached the beach again, John asked if he wanted to rest by the water for a while. Sherlock shook his head, wanting to make his way back up to where his blanket still lay in the hot sand. The sun wasn’t unbearable, but it was still hot enough to warm the ground very quickly. He limped back to their shady place, John supporting his weight without asking first.
They couldn’t get home fast enough after that. John could see that Sherlock was still amazed that he would kiss him in public out of nowhere. He didn't know what had come over him himself, but at that moment, it was the only possible thing to do.
Sherlock didn’t bother to dignify him with an answer. Obviously there still wasn’t case! Would he be here sulking and on the edge of despair if there was a case?
Sherlock already knew the little festival from his childhood days. Barely anything had changed since then. Except now, he wasn’t holding onto the hand of his grandma while pushing through the masses of people but onto John’s.
John grinned widely and leant in to kiss him softly. Sherlock melted against him and revelled in the moment before he rolled them over and pushed John onto his back, not breaking the kiss just yet.
He has been regretting what he had said that first night at Angelo's. ‘No, I'm not asking, no–‘ Everything could be different now. They could be … something. They could have chosen to take a different path and make different choices if John had had the guts to be honest for once. There had been the first step forward all those years ago, and he still feels bitter about never having taken the second one.
They walk further and further into the dark, taking a detour through various tunnels that leads them to the underground station that has been fully built but never used. When they reach the platform of Sumatra road station, Sherlock stops in his tracks. Confused. The carriage isn't here. "I don't understand."
Sherlock complied without moving too much. This position felt too good to move and to change even the hint of an angle. John warmed the lube in his hand for a moment before he closed it around both their cocks, stroking slowly but firmly. The rhythm matched that of his other hand whose fingers pushed into Sherlock’s body very gently. Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck. All attempts to kiss each other would fail at their increasing desire.
Sherlock couldn’t hear the voice at the other end of the phone, but John’s mood changed as soon as he saw the person’s name.
John huffed a soft burst of laughter and smiled fondly at him. »Sorry to disappoint you, love. Maybe I can lift your spirits by telling you I have to go out as well.«
It takes a while, a lot of patience and convincing, but eventually, Sherlock opens up about his time away. All the places he visited. The criminal agents he chased from country to country. The accommodations he spent cold and lonely nights in, usually patching himself up with alcohol because proper disinfectant was a precious rarity. Sometimes he was relieved to find nothing more than an abandoned shed somewhere.
The first few days have gone by at an agonisingly slow pace. Sometimes, he didn't even know if one day had already passed and the next one had taken over without him noticing it. It did not get easier with time or less hard to bear. He still fell asleep imagining John was there with him, whispering sweet nothings into his ear, grazing his fingers over his sensitive scalp, breathing in unison with him until he succumbed to sleep. He didn't know if it was easier or not this way. It made him miss John even more; it made his chest feel heavy with guilt and yearning and wistfulness.
Sherlock’s hands found their place on John’s hands, squeezing them reassuringly. “Are you all right?” he asked quietly.
Sherlock looks at him for a seemingly endless moment. Then he looks straight into John's eyes. "No," he answers, and it feels as if a huge weight is lifted from John's shoulders. "I have once written a song about her, but this one … this one isn't. What made you think it was?"
He pulled Sherlock closer into a long embrace that ended with the both of them landing under the welcoming covers. Sherlock's head rested on John's shoulder, burying his face in the crook of his neck that always provided the best comfort. His pleasant-smelling cologne mingled John's own unmistakable scent. Soothing, assuasive.
They had crossed boundaries no friends would ever dare to come close to. They were sharing a bed every once in a while, there had been gentle touches here and there, not too intimate but enough not to ignore them anymore. They certainly had to be acknowledged.
Sherlock opened his mouth to let John do so. It beeped a little later. “38,3°C,” John said as he looked at the screen of the thermometer.
Sherlock closed his eyes. His chest felt so tight again, and it was hard to breathe evenly. “I told you I’m not good at this. At all.”
He took drugs to forget about his feelings for John, about his jealousy towards the girls with whom John danced and laughed, only to spoil their entire night by passing out and concerning them so much that they almost took him to hospital when all they had on their minds was a bit of fun. How could he ever make up for that?
Sherlock opened the door with some difficulty and pushed it open. John sat on the bed, looking up at him. »I thought you might like some …,« the detective cleared his throat.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but thought better of it. What good would it do to inform John of his feeling uncomfortable amongst the mass of people around him, the uncountable pairs of eyes who judged and stared appraisingly? About the noises inside his head that never shut up anyway and loud music that did nothing to soothe his thoughts? About the fact that he had dreaded running into John himself because he has had a crush on him for longer than he would like to admit to himself?
"John …" Sherlock's voice sounds oddly calm. Of course he would be. He sees this rationally. They'll be dead before they can feel the pain. That must be it.
John didn't take in all of him, but his hand kept working his base. He had never experienced something so intense before. When he thought his skin couldn't prickle and his body couldn't tremble any more than it did, John's other hand slid further back and started caressing his testicles.
Eventually, John lifted his head, his pupils still blown wide, swallowing the dark blue irises almost entirely. He pressed his lips to the corner of Sherlock's mouth with a smile and brushed his thumb over his cheekbone.
Shrugging, he entwined their fingers with a content sigh, watching the snow falling slowly and quietly.
“No.” He had focused on John, and John only. The steps came so naturally that he didn’t think about anything or anyone except dancing with John.
He sets the box down on the table in front of him, turns it various times. Then Mary comes back from the restrooms. The box is back in his breast pocket before he can even blink.
»I can literally see the mad teenage scientist doing crazy experiments in here,« he chuckled and approached the dark-haired man currently standing by the window and watching the snow fall silently.
Their chests and toes are touching; they are closer than the last time they were standing here. The fire lulls them into a hazy glow. It's almost surreal, John thinks, and he doesn't want it to end. He wants Sherlock's warm and steady hands on his back, his shoulders, his neck, and he doesn't want to let go of him either. He is feeling better than he has felt in ages; as if the weight he had been carrying all this time had been lifted off his shoulders.
The first woman, Petra apparently, shrugged, looking him expectantly and saying his shoulders would thank him for sure. She didn’t seem as if she would accept even as much as a slight shake of his head.
“You were always with me,” John admits out loud. “In my dreams, in my nightmares. When my mind wandered off on its own. Always.”
His mouth felt so full already, but he didn’t want to choke on him – he had heard enough stories from his former classmates and the unsettling and frankly precarious-sounding practices that they imposed on their girlfriends – so he made up for the rest of the length with his hand. He started moving his head up and down, remembering the way John did this for him.
Sherlock reached for a handful of snow and threw it in John’s direction. »This is your fault,« he grumbled.
Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief when John jumped into the pool because for a moment he worried he would have to cover his lap with his book.
When the film ended, Sherlock turned in John's arms and settled against his chest. "So, what did you think?" John asked as his arm came around Sherlock's frame, holding him close, so he didn't come close to the sofa's edge again.
»I finish at five thirty. Traffic will be hell again at that time of the day so I guess I’ll be back at six or quarter past. Why?« John inquired as he slid into his coat. »You waiting for me to get out?« he chuckled.
Sherlock observed every twitch of his muscles, every blink of his eyes. He was sleep-deprived and must feel horrible.
"Certainly," Sherlock answered but couldn't force the feeling of jealousy back into the corner that it crept out of. He profited from John's experience in many if not all respects, and yet it still worried him that he might not have enough to offer in return. So far, this feeling remained unjustified, but who knew what challenges were awaiting him after all …
"It's over now. Forever. It's done. There is no threat coming from Eurus anymore, and there never will again."
John wasn’t the only one who has been forced to fight on his own all this time. He thought that because Sherlock had Mycroft watching over him, he was privileged, but was he really? In the end, it had been John that Sherlock had chosen, chosen to trust, chosen to move in with, chosen to save and be saved by. Or from?
Before the moment would lose its intimacy and become more than embarrassing, he sank back against the pillow.
He honestly couldn't answer that question. Had he slept? Had he stared at the wall, and his eyes just hadn't focused? Dreaming? Fallen into a black hole? He didn't know.
"You," John snarls with salty tears in his eyes, "are literally the last person on earth I want to see right now."
He circled his glans with his thumb again – he was leaking and so, so wet by now – and let his left hand join the other one under the blanket, coming up behind his length and finding his balls that were so tight he thought he was going to explode any second. Lightly caressing them, one at a time, he used his pre-come as lube and finally found the right amount of friction as he pushed into his hand four, five, six more times before he came hard. It took all of his self-control not to shout, so he tried to stifle his moan as warm, sticky semen landed on his belly and his chest, and for a moment, Sherlock couldn't move anything but his hand. His lungs demanded more air and his head was spinning as he kept stroking himself until he felt oversensitive.
“Those things are the worst, aren’t they.” It’s not a question. “If at least the coffee tasted a little better, right?”
Lestrade sighs. “True. Well, here you go, I've managed to pull up the list. Sending it to you right now.”
Some nights, he fell asleep imagining made-up scenarios – ways in which the conversation could have turned other than the way it had. He tried not to think about going back to Mike's place to apologise. They probably thought less of him now that they knew what had actually caused his breakdown back at the beginning of July. He hadn't even dared to go to the beach again. Not even a different part of it; the one leading to the neighbouring town. This part was separated from the one where they used to play volleyball; the haven lay in between both; and still, he hadn't left the house for more than taking samples in the garden. He wanted to avoid another encounter at all costs while at the same time it was what he craved the most. All he knew was that his steadfast fortress and his iron mask would crumble, and he simply couldn't let that happen. Not again. Not. Again.
"I can't remember most of it," Sherlock admitted quietly, turning towards John, silently asking for a bit of support.
»John!« Sherlock called after him, but John had already dashed downstairs and let the front door snap shut. The detective groaned and went back to his experiment, though he couldn’t focus anymore. What was so spectacular about a few snowflakes (that weren’t even real snowflakes)? It was just water that froze to ice crystals (well, not quite) because of the cold weather. Why would John throw a tantrum because Sherlock wasn’t interested in this natural phenomenon, as John would probably call it?
Sherlock breathed in deeply. “I don’t know,” he gasped. He truly didn’t. “But if you keep doing what you’re doing, it’s over before I find out what I want.”
Sherlock just shook his head, reaching for John's hand, wanting to wrap both arms and legs around him, hold him, and never let him go.
John wants to gather him in his arms whenever he finishes another story. Sherlock always brushes it off as if it were nothing. John wants to tell him how wrong that is, and he does, very often, how it is the opposite of nothing.
"Nice to meet you," Sherlock said with a smile that was a little tense as he held out his hand to both of them.
John turned around to look what was happening, but only laughed when he saw the scene and swam on. “You’re not fooling me this time.”
He let go of John’s hand and his upper waist and took a step back. »Please excuse me for a moment,« he said hoarsely in a hurry, then fled from the dance floor and left the room straight away, not looking back at John who stood in the middle of the crowd, wondering what’d just happened.
John's lids start dropping again, hanging heavy over his eyes. It seems so lovely, the idea of floating back to sleep, being lulled in by comforting dreams…
»I think your façade cracked a long time ago, love,« John told him quietly and leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s hair. »You enjoyed Christmas time far too much to actually hate it.«
He bites into Mary’s bottom lip. Harder than necessary. But she doesn’t seem to mind, gasping out his name.
“She did a great job killing many people,” Sherlock answers. “What do we have to do with this? Why does a little girl have to pay for her mother’s crimes?”
“Yes and I better be since you get yourself into all kinds of trouble. If I hadn’t come after you, you might be dead now.”
John lifted his hands, capitulating. »Sorry I interrupted your oh so important experiment,« he sighed and grabbed his coat.
Sherlock looked into his eyes; his face was unreadable yet it said so many things at the same time. There was still the perplexity, but there was something else. Fear. John had never seen so much fear in Sherlock’s eyes until this very moment. But that wasn’t it. Sherlock didn’t know if he was dreaming. He’d never imagined he’d feel so blessed, lucky and most of all happy and relieved and he didn’t know how to find his voice again.
John raised an eyebrow and smiled. »Right, if you say so. Shall we have breakfast and I’ll help you with your list afterwards?«
He still hadn’t found out where it came from. He only knew its constant presence had accompanied him ever since he saw John regularly. Any autonomous attempts of his thoughts to consider what Irene had said about “having a crush” were stopped immediately. He couldn’t allow himself to fall for someone, even less to think about the process. Admitting it to himself would make it real, make it true, and the truth cannot be disregarded and remain unacknowledged for long. Better not to think of it.
»So when you were gone–, I don’t even want to think about it or dwell on it anymore. I just want you to know that I never got over you not being in life anymore. There was Mary, yes, but you were always on my mind. It was like you kept haunting me and I knew why, Sherlock, I just didn’t want to accept it because accepting it would’ve made the situation much worse.
Sherlock naturally was no expert yet, but John had taught him some tricks that really seemed to work. He was certainly better than he used to be when they played in P.E. lessons. Part of him believed he was better at it now because he knew they wouldn't blame him for losing, so he didn't have to pressure himself as much as he always had at school, despite never really having been a part of the game at all anyway.
"But the songs are horrid, John," Sherlock complained, an expression of agony spreading over his face.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, the sensation of John rolling his hips slowly almost pushing him over the edge, so John closed his hand around the most sensitive part of him.
With the much-needed reassurance, they walk down the stairs with heavy steps and even heavier hearts. John doesn't remember the cab ride or the walk inside the hospital. It is almost midnight; the streets are mostly deserted, but the lights of shops and cars still blind him. The bright hospital halls do so even more, but that doesn't matter. Rosie is all that matters now.
He was wearing a plaid button-down shirt under his jacket and navy blue jeans. His hair was slightly ruffled from the wind, and a few wisps were wet from the rain. His smile lit up his entire face. He looked– very good. Sherlock couldn't take his eyes off him for a moment, which John seemed to notice because he cleared his throat. "Can I come in?"
“Goodnight, Sherlock Holmes,” John answered and waved as he waited until Sherlock had closed the door behind him.
Now, he is sitting on the sofa; the hot steam feels good on his cold, shivering skin, but it does nothing to calm his nerves.
“Full body play, very good,” Greg nodded towards him with an appreciative smile and raised his hand to give him a high-five. Sherlock hesitated for a moment. He had seen his classmates do this all the time after they had scored a point when the situation had seemed a bit unpromising; and yet nobody had ever wanted to do so with him. Not a single time.
His chest feels so tight, so constricted, it actually gets hard to breathe. As though someone has put a hundred pounds on him and he can't move. His head hurts, and his heart aches.
“Okay. That’s something.” John shifted beside Sherlock and reached into his pocket, revealing a little cylindrical box. “I almost forgot.”
Grumbling, but so relieved, Sherlock gave in, abandoning his experiment and following John to their bedroom. His head sank into the soft pillows like a stone sank to the ground of the sea. John’s arms tightened around his waist and upper body, and John’s warmth (he was always so warm, it made him feel safe and comfortable and utterly content) and his deep and even breaths lulled Sherlock to sleep more gently and carefully than any lullaby could have done.
Sherlock was careful, though. He endured John’s niceties, but he didn’t dare to trust him again just yet. He was a doctor after all and he might just see a patient in Sherlock at the moment.
His fingers run over Sherlock’s nipples, pinching lightly and causing him to gasp into the silence in the room. They wander further down, through a patch of thin hair above his groin area. He looks up at him and Sherlock nods, encourages him to go on, so he unbuttons his bespoke trousers and pulls the zipper down.
“She left him to die that day in Tbilisi, but he made it out just barely. He would have craved death; certainly, it would have been better than what he went through. Torture, pain; day in, day out.”
She is a nurse, who recently started working at his clinic. He's on his way to the coffee vending machine when he walks past her, barely managing to smile at her. They greet out of politeness. It's nothing more than that. She's already almost down the hall when John kicks against the machine. "Bloody thing," he mutters, or shouts, he must have shouted because Mary is coming back. An amused grin covers her lips.
»Yes, that too,« John laughed. »Come on, I’ve bought Thai for dinner and yes, you will eat or I’ll demand my jumper back.«
He discerns voices in the distance but cannot make out what they are saying. Some are louder, some quieter. He panics. What is going to happen to him?
“You sit down!” Her voice is insistent, but not lacking the motherly tone John is well accustomed to. “I brought biscuits and tea.”
“Nothing, it’s fine. They’re waiting for you,” Sherlock answered, trying to ignore the stinging disappointment spreading in his chest.
Her words cut like a dagger through John's heart. He shouldn't have said what he did. He really shouldn't have. And those parting words… God. If he is correct, then Sherlock implied he truly would have committed suicide if Moriarty had killed him.
He bucks his hips up into his fist, once, twice, thrice and again before he crashes back down, collapsing onto the mattress, spent, exhausted. Sated…?
“Neither am I.” John strokes his hair and edges closer until their legs are entangled and there is no space left between them.
John chuckles at that, and cups his cheek, obsessed with the idea of touching him, fascinated by the fact that he doesn’t vanish the moment his fingers meet his skin.
“I know how to defend myself.” And yet he forgot how to do that when the knife’s blade touched his skin.
Sherlock almost sobbed when John uttered those words. Overwhelmed by the entire situation, he leant forward and rested his forehead against John’s, placing his other hand over his.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hums and yawns then, not disguising his fatigue, “we can take care of that. In five minutes.”
He was torn between watching John’s every movement and throwing an arm over his face to merely focus on the sensations. Visual input was enough to make his entire body tingle.
He wasn’t sure they could. Ever. Not with this feeling of guilt inside his chest. He turned around in John’s embrace, facing the window, the wall. Both were closing in on him. Suffocating.
John was right. Of course, he was right. All these labels were ridiculous because people changed throughout their lives anyway and different ones applied at different stages. That wasn’t truly what troubled him, though.
His hand wanders lower, unbuttoning her blouse and sneaking behind the soft fabric, cupping her breasts and squeezing. He somehow finds the bra catch and opens it, giving him better access.
The detective was out for hours. He had bought a new apron for his landlady, chocolate for his parents, a set of pens for his brother. He’d have to ask John about what to buy for Lestrade and Molly, but judging by the frightfully good mood the two of them were in during the past couple of months, rompers would be in order soon.
it. John’s swimming trunks he had been wearing underneath his shorts didn’t leave much room for imagination, making Sherlock swallow hard. He was certainly well endowed. Very well.
Sherlock’s lips depart and set off to slide alongside John’s jawline, his neck, right to the pulse point behind his ear. A moan escapes him when Sherlock nibbles against the delicate skin there.
Sherlock's face lights up, and although that man has lines around his eyes from not getting any sleep whatsoever, it's the most beautiful thing John has ever seen. He's smiling so brightly and so genuinely.
John turned his hand around and closed it around Sherlock’s, moving closer to him again. “You’re Sherlock.
John sat so close to him that Sherlock was afraid he might notice what was happening to him. He couldn't. He had to find a way to make him stop, even if he didn't want to.
Sherlock smiled warmly. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” He realised too late that he’d said it out loud.
“Yes,” Sherlock croaked and tried to clear his throat to no avail. John kissed the base before his fingers took hold of it and he smeared wet kisses over his entire length. “Oh God– John– ahh! Hnnng–“
He hesitates in front of the door, watching the golden numbers. Bright, shining, reflecting the dim light of the grey late afternoon as if a burning force had come to life from within them now that the rightful inhabitant is back where he should be.
After dwelling in his childhood, Sherlock showed John the rest of the house and the balcony overlooking the garden. “You have a swimming pool?” John asked.
»I didn’t see the point in bothering with any kinds of feelings or bodily urges when there were more stimulating things to devote myself to so I simply repressed those after I realised they only distracted me,» Sherlock answered and avoided John’s eyes for a moment.
It was hard to meet John's movements because he did not know what felt better eventually. The fingers inside him or the sensation of John's hand on his cock. The only thing he knew was to hold on for dear life, or both sensations would stop feeling this good. The angle was simply perfect.
“I’m sure they have,” John said and pressed both palms against his eyes. “I’m sure you’ll be able to enjoy all of them while I’m getting to catch my well-deserved sleep.” He rested his arms on the table and bedded his head on them.
“I’d rather be sure. You kept rubbing the back of your head all afternoon and yet you insisted you were okay.”
John pushes back the duvet and slowly swings his legs over the edge of the bed. He gets up and goes to Rosie's room, picking her up into his arms with care. “No heavy lifting,” they have told him over and over again before he was discharged from hospital. Rosie isn’t too heavy yet, but leaning over her crib and bringing her close to his chest
Sherlock’s lips curled upward. “I just wondered what it’s like, living with them every day. I don’t think I could live in a dorm.”
“That’s what people have told you all your life, haven’t they?” John asked him, still looking down at their hands for a moment before lifting his gaze. “That you’re the problem?”
Sherlock’s hand rests on the back of his head, just a steady weight holding him where he’s standing. His other hand presses against his spine. It only takes another moment before John’s dam of emotions starts to crumble further and break entirely.
“Can’t – remember anything,” Sherlock said slowly, his voice was a mere whisper. Even just whispering was straining.
Smiling, John shook his head and discarded his shirt. “You coming into the water with me?” he asked.
»Sure, if that’s what you want?« John said softly and refrained from giving Sherlock’s shoulder a reassuring squeeze.
He wants to move and finds that he can't. Everything is numb and heavy. It feels as if he is in one of his nightmares, feeling the need to move, to just step forward and walk, do something, but he is chained on the spot, paralysed, incapable of running.
Sherlock hissed when he accidentally touched one of the acidic substances with his glove, removing it immediately. This was brilliant. John wasn’t even here and he wound him up so much he couldn’t even finish the experiment and wrap up the case. All because of the damn snow. This was another reason to hate it, he thought and went back to the chemicals in front of him.
»Yes, because they’re too stupid to do the work themselves,« Sherlock snorted. »Not very professional if you ask me.«
He let his hand wander underneath the blanket and into his pants, closing his palm around his already aching shaft. A soft moan escaped his lips. Normally, he did a quick job of this – it was never about pleasure for him, only an inconvenience that had to be taken care of so he could focus again – but right now, he knew he wasn't going to rush it. He indulged in the feeling, imagining John's sun-tanned body, the way the drops of water made his naked skin gleam in the light. His hair was darker when wet, and messy, and Sherlock wished he knew if its texture was as soft as it looked.
“How good you are at keeping our daughter from getting high on all the sugar she’s going to get,” John laughed.
But Sherlock was frozen. He hoped his hands weren’t sweaty and his hair didn’t smell bad; he wished they could stay in this position until the end of all time; he wanted to keep John here forever because for the first time, the doctor held him the way he did in his dreams. He cared about Sherlock, that much was clear now; and it was real; as real as Sherlock’s quick breaths; as real as the feeling of being set on fire because that was what Sherlock felt like; as real as anything would ever be.
Sherlock cleared his throat. Why was the lump in his throat so thick? “Yes,” he murmured, got up and undressed, making quick work of it.
"Stand like this," he said and showed him how. "Your feet should be about shoulder-width apart. Good. Now shift your weight onto your balls of the foot."
“Feeling better?” Sherlock asked, his tone worried. He placed one hand on John’s that was twisting the fabric of his shirt between his fingers and the other on John’s shoulder, drawing what he hoped were soothing circles on his skin.
He takes a large gulp of his glass of water. He needs something stronger, but then the rest of the evening is still ahead of him. He looks at the menu to order a good bottle of champagne, and out of nowhere, a waiter appears to help him. It doesn't surprise him that he sounds half like Sherlock. He still wants to talk him out of this, but not on John’s watch.
Tears gather in John’s eyes as he pushes back the chair and almost stumbles when he gets up. Sherlock holds out his hand as if he expects John to fall and wants to be ready to catch him. It’s been a long fall for John, and when he hit the ground, nobody has caught him. Too late for a little movement of his hand.
Sherlock looked at John who was staring at the photo with a fond expression. There lay so much warmth and adoration in his eyes; it was unbelievable. He remembered that day clearly. Mycroft had helped with his project. It was before he went off to uni. Before things got bad between them. They built the volcano together, applying layer after layer of glue and paper until it was perfect and ready to be coloured. Mycroft had said he was very good with colouring, choosing very lovely shades to make it look realistic. He remembered feeling proud of it when he told him that, and when he actually won, it was one of those rare moments in which he was actually happy during his time at school because he knew Mycroft was prouder than ever then.
Sherlock swallowed hard, trying to suppress the feeling of nausea, and went to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea.
A silent chuckle resonated in the room, loud in Sherlock’s ears, louder than the panting, the shallow breathing, the rustling sheets and the wet kisses.
“This is killing you.” John sounded so worried so Sherlock dug his fingers deeper into the soft fabric.
"Take it to the beach. It won't be boring then," Oma Karla said with a wink and a grin before she went to the bathroom to retrieve the sun milk.
When she asked him about going to prom, he had declined politely. She insisted it was the last time they saw each other, and she would love to spend her last evening with him, forgetting about other people and just having fun. Sherlock didn't quite understand what was fun about getting drunk and dancing in the sweaty mess of people he hated, but he was aware of the fact that Molly would move away after this year because her father got promotion and would have to work in another city, in fact, her father barely managed to convince his boss to stay in their hometown until that day. He may have been a cold friend most of the time, but he wasn't heartless, so he did her the favour of being her prom date. Of course, everyone assumed something was going on between them, especially when they turned up at the ceremony together, but they assumed many stupid things. Sherlock had stopped listening eventually, trying to ignore their cutting words about how dumb Molly must be to get involved with him. They made jokes about what their relationship must be like and if they talk about science while they're at it. He was getting better at tuning out, but he would never be perfect at it, like Mycroft. Some tiny part of him would always care. Always.
»Yes, thankfully! Oh John, can we please watch it again?« Allie asked him with big eyes when the film was over. »Please.«
Maybe it’s the way Sherlock looks at him, not the pained expression that often lay in his eyes these days when John came down the stairs, wincing from the slight ache in his chest the still-fresh wound has caused. Maybe it’s the cup of tea that waits for him in the kitchen every morning when he wakes up and the second cup of tea he makes whenever he’s the first to rise; the way it has been in the old days. Maybe it’s the ease with which they can talk now.
John nods. He distantly remembers Sherlock saying something like that to him before, but just like back then, it doesn't really sink in. Too present is the memory of Sherlock's death, still too painful. John had lost his best friend there, the most important person in his life. He lost him, and part of him still feels that way. He truly believes it put a strain on their relationship, a dent that cannot be fixed, no matter how much one of them apologises.
"There's no harm in refreshing your knowledge," John laughed and carried on with his instructions. "Your knees should be slightly bent all the time. That way you're able to move in all directions without losing much time."
“I think it might take a few days to wrap my head around all that,” John admitted with a smile, but finally dropped the subject.
He gets up – it only takes a second before he misses the warmth of the bed – busies himself in the kitchen. He puts the kettle on and prepares tea for the both of them as well as breakfast for Rosie.
Sherlock’s breathing quickened as their noses touched lightly. His eyes were still wide open because the entire situation overwhelmed him. What should he do? What if John didn’t like kissing him? What if it all turned out to be a complete disast–
Sherlock didn’t know if he should be relieved or disappointed Mrs Hudson had burst in. His heart felt as though it wanted to turn in his chest and his hands were sweaty. He had been so nervous and unprepared, as it had been years since someone’s kissed him (and he’s actually kissed back voluntarily) and he was out of practice. His last relationship had been at university; ages ago.
Sherlock nods, the movement bringing their heads closer together. For a fraction of a second, one of Sherlock's curls brushes John's forehead. "It is."
He trailed his other hand over John's sides, feeling the goosebumps come to life beneath his fingertips, and let his fingers roam over John's back before he reached down to squeeze his arse. He had fantasised about this more than once before they got together and finally being able to do this was like a dream.
They lay in the cool sand, but their bodies were warm. Sherlock leant in for a kiss; his eyes fell closed when their lips touched. Just for the briefest of moments, no tongues, just a soft press of lips against each other, maybe a tug here and there, but nothing else.
Sherlock actually started giggling now. He wished he had this much fun in his P.E. lessons, but his classmates were never up for a laugh like this one, and if they were, it always turned on him; and the worst thing was his teacher usually didn't even notice them doing it. He was so glad those times were over and he would never have to see any of those idiots again. Certainly, there were going to be other idiots, but he wouldn't have to put up with them all the time.
“You are the most important person in my life, Sherlock, and you thinking I am capable of loving someone else, of
to do with us, you understand? Nothing. Don't blame this on us, don't blame our relationship. I know your impulsive reactions, and I won't allow you to go through with them this time, too." He grabs Sherlock by the shoulder and gently shakes him. "I don't blame you for this. So don't blame yourself either."
hurt you. I knew all the excuses didn’t leave you cold, but I wasn’t aware of how devastated you felt. You simply stopped asking why I was away so often or where I went, and when I look back now, I see what a bloody idiot I’ve been. When you suddenly started crying that night, I was certain something was wrong,
"Because let me tell you, no matter what these idiotic people have told you and made you believe, I don't share their opinion. I haven't since the day we met." John closed both his hands around Sherlock's. "If anything, it only reinforced my wish to prove to you how wrong they are about you and how you deserve so much more than what people have told you. How amazing you are, Sherlock."
He wakes with a start, shaking from anger, desperation and arousal. His erection makes itself known painfully in his pants. His hand has already travelled down there. All he has to do is …
The gentleness and caution of John’s touch made Sherlock arch his back. He couldn’t bear it anymore. “Please, John …”
John chuckles quietly and gives in, leading him towards the bed, waiting for him to lie down first. “All right?”
John laughed heartily, sitting down beside him, entirely aware of the double entendre. “Well, you asked for it, love.”
like Mike had called them; and at some point, it was bound to happen. He was bound to learn the true nature of the boy with whom everything always seemed to be great fun. Apparently, this ‘everything’ was also limited in time, which was about to come to an end now.
“Yeah, couldn’t get away quickly enough. Gives us a long break, thankfully,” John grinned. “Three months off. I really need it.”
“No, honestly Sherlock. I would truly love to hear some stories. It’s just really loud here, so maybe we’ll postpone it to a quiet lunch break sometime soon?” John offered with a heartfelt smile.
John doesn't know how long he has been listening, how long his eyes followed Sherlock's slim figure as he moved gracefully, coercing the sweetest notes from the instrument, but eventually, the notes ring out, fading into the darkness of the room until everything turns quiet and their breathing is the only sound that carefully cuts through the silence.
John comes closer, intending to speak, but before any words can leave his mouth, an all too familiar figure creeps out of the shadows.
“You’re unbelievable,” John smiled, reaching up and letting his palm come to rest on Sherlock’s cheek, running his thumb gently over the sharp bone.
Sherlock closed his eyes. It was just a one-off. John probably just tried to be nice. He didn’t know where to put his hands because Sherlock occupied every available space. It was nothing special. It was not going to happen again so he should stop daydreaming.
"She what?!" To John, it seems as if the only words he has been saying these past few days have been "what" and "how" and "why.” He feels like he has come back into a world where he understands not a single thing.
it out loud. “He used me … He– He–“ Sherlock sniffled through his blocked nose. “He never … actu– actually–“
“When will you ever stop lying to me?!” John counters, on edge now. His fingers dig into the rough bed sheets.
Sherlock wanted to cry. He could hear a quiet sigh escaping his throat as he let his own eyes fall shut. Utter joy filled his body, flooding every vein, every little capillary inside him. He could feel his heartbeat in his ears. Everything within him seemed to stop functioning entirely, every process was reversed, and every part of his body felt as if he just decided to get onto a rollercoaster.
In fact, that wasn’t true at all, though. He actually hated arguing with the older Holmes. Of course, embarrassing him in front of other people was fun and once he’d started, he didn’t want to stop. They always exchanged a sarcastic remark or a snarky comment when one thought the other was behaving like an idiot, but all in all they were still siblings. Mycroft had helped him through the two most awful years of his life; he’d always been there even if Sherlock was in very nasty trouble, even if Sherlock kept rebelling and claimed he didn’t need his help.
“I– um. The um, the girls in front of me were t-talking about you– While I was waiting outside to– to have my ticket checked.”
Sherlock groaned and buried his face deeper in the pillow beside John’s head. »I had hoped this part might change once we got together,« he mumbled.
He tries to remember what happened, but even his memories are a blur. A sharp pain runs through his chest, and he squeezes his eyes tightly shut.
“What? Why not? What’s wrong with me having a little peek?” she asked as she made her way to the door.
“We could also decorate the living room with human remains. How is th–” Sherlock suggested but was cut off by John immediately.
Sherlock lifted his hips and John freed his throbbing erection from trousers and pants at once. »God, you're so gorgeous, more than anyone I’ve ever seen,« John breathed and peppered his chest with kisses, trying to touch every inch of him. »I’ve been dreaming of doing this to you so often. You have no idea.«
He was silent for a long time; every time he tried to say something, he was cut off. When he finally got the chance to speak again, he answered, “No. I don’t have the money for it. Just … no, that’s not my bloody job!
“Great.” John got up from his chair, grabbed the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head, exposing a tan and muscular chest. Behind a very thin patch of blond body hair were his quite distinct pectoral muscles that flexed when he reached down to undo the button of his shorts and for a moment, Sherlock didn’t remember how to breathe.
His speech is horrible, about their short time of knowing each other and how she is the best thing that could have happened to him, and then she interrupts it and agrees with him.
With care, he dared to take in a little more, moving his mouth down, his lips gliding smoothly over John’s hot flesh. Back up and further down again. John cursed under his breath, reaching for Sherlock’s hair and grabbing a handful of his curls lightly. It was something Sherlock wasn’t quite sure yet to what degree he liked this or not. He preferred to be in control when he did this, and—
“Of which we’re both clean,” Sherlock cuts in and then sighs, running a hand through his still wet hair. “Just put it on and don’t spoil the moment talking about doctor-y points of controversy; there’s time for that later. And now, get on with it.”
He takes her to the bedroom, pushes her onto the bed. Sherlock takes a seat on the chair close to the window.
“Yes, we do. You’re out of the woods, but you still need to get up on your feet again,” John told him mildly.
»When all the dolls and soldiers are brought to life by Uncle Drosselmeier. I wish someone could do that to my dolls. I’d love to talk to them. It can be so boring when they just sit there, doing nothing,« Alison sighed wearily.
Sherlock smiled against John's lips, and he returned it; the serious conversation was already forgotten.
He was just on his way to the sitting room, when he heard a frustrated groan, sounding almost painful.
John barely sleeps that night. He lies awake as the minutes tick by. He has been supposed to make his girlfriend happy in a round of sensuous lovemaking after their engagement, but instead Mary has merely squeezed his arm, knowing and understanding, and switched off the light on her bedside table. She has wound an arm around his waist and given him a quick goodnight kiss before she has fallen asleep just a couple of minutes later.
They were going to sleep in Sherlock’s old room for the night. Sherlock went upstairs quickly, leaving John to carry the heavier bag. Entering his room, he was astonished nothing had changed. Well, not quite. His parents had made some minor changes, one of which was the huge bed having replaced his old one.
He had two options. Pretending he was still asleep (which was about to happen again any second now anyway) or face John and do some explaining. His headache immediately chose the first.
It was the weakest excuse John had ever heard him utter, but he must have been grateful for being able to hand over the task.
He watched the volleyball match that was taking place on the court at the moment for a little while before he went back to his literature.
Sherlock’s eyes are squeezed shut; little wrinkles have appeared between his them as though he’s concentrating profoundly. John pushes a little deeper, moaning as the heat of Sherlock’s engulfs him, takes him inside.
The warmth of his bed was cosy and welcoming, and Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to put his pants back on once his head sank back into his pillow.
Bill and John disappeared on the dance floor, and Sherlock lost sight of them. Greg soon joined them, leaving Mike and him behind at the bar. He still wasn't sure what he was doing here as he sipped at his drink.
In and out. In and out. In. Out. Sherlock. John. An entity in an always-turning universe; able to function only with the other close by. As it has always been. As it always will be.
That night, John took care of Sherlock in a different way, ensuring all he felt was prickling sensations, tickling brushes over his skin, a fluttering in his belly, making sure to show him he didn't have to hold back, he didn't have to stay still, that he was beautiful and gorgeous, and loved.
When he reaches the bottom of the stairs and stands in the doorway to the living room, he finds Sherlock gone. His heartbeat picks up instantly and an ache starts to build in his chest. Didn’t he want to wait?
The ‘downward facing dog pose’ was definitely the worst position he had ever forced his body into, and that had been his exact thoughts during the sun salutation, too. What else did Petra have in store for them this afternoon?
“Well,” Sherlock says and gets up, too, crowding him against the kitchen counter. His lips are close to his ear and tickle him when he starts whispering, sending a shiver down his spine at the same time. “I
“I always noticed you. I just never knew how to approach you,” John rasped, pressing his lips to his cheekbone, his jaw, and the prominent tendon on his neck.
“Oh, your mum sent me this after you won the science competition,” she turned her head towards John. “He was always so good at science and beat his competitors by a mile.”Sherlock looked at John who was staring at the photo with a fond expression. There lay so much warmth and adoration in his eyes; it was unbelievable. He remembered that day clearly. Mycroft had helped with his project. It was before he went off to uni. Before things got bad between them. They built the volcano together, applying layer after layer of glue and paper until it was perfect and ready to be coloured. Mycroft had said he was very good with colouring, choosing very lovely shades to make it look realistic. He remembered feeling proud of it when he told him that, and when he actually won, it was one of those rare moments in which he was actually happy during his time at school because he knew Mycroft was prouder than ever then.
“Let me remind you that you always initiate this,” John whispered into his ear, but then stopped to look at him, realisation setting in. “You really
The governor is dead. John is beginning to think he is on the brink of that, too. The light seems to move farther away. Or is he moving away from it? He cannot run. He is merely able to watch himself in his dream. Is it even a dream?
She takes a seat in the chair – previously occupied by Sherlock – and takes on a stern look. "I hate to say this, but that's where you belong for bringing that poor man to tears!"
John kissed it away, swallowing the sound, but before long, he pulled back again and trailed his lips and tongue over Sherlock's torso once more, kissing the skin that had remained untouched before.
What mattered was the man who loved him with all his heart, who accepted him with all his quirks, moods and attitudes and who wanted to be with him for the rest of his life.
“She’s got a day off. I’m sorry, gentlemen,” the nurse tells them, and Sherlock’s fingers clench around John’s in frustration.
Sherlock looked at the hand offered to him and then into John’s eyes. He hadn’t expected John would want to dance with him here, at all even, in front of everyone.
“You don’t have to keep denying it, so I keep calm. You only make it worse by telling me I’m not making any sense. This is what happened! Don’t you remember?”
»You keep cutting out the biscuits while I make the chocolate sauce, all right?« he asked with a hearty laugh.
John’s hands were tugging at Sherlock’s shirt now and he let him pull it over his head. Before he gave him a chance to touch him, though, he pressed John down into the mattress. With shaky fingers (damn those) he gripped the waistband of John’s pyjama bottoms, looking for reassurance in his eyes and finding it immediately.
“I actually thought your observational skills were improving,” Sherlock retorted, “but I must have mistaken it for sheer luck. I am not
"Is this already the prospective physician talking or just general concern?" Sherlock answered his question with his own and immediately wanted someone to cut off his tongue.
“Yes,” he answered, resting his head on John’s chest once more. “What you said, it just. It reminded me of my brother. He used to tell me the same thing when we were kids. I never conformed to anything. It’s stupid to start now, isn’t it?”
My lovelies. I hope you didn't give up on me yet. This story will be finished; don't you worry. It's just that uni and life in general just get in the way sometimes, and it kept me from writing for a long time.
He downs the rest of his red wine, grimaces at the bitter taste, and tells the waiter to surprise him. He leaves, and John reaches for the little, red velvet box inside his pocket. The ring is simple but beautiful. It's Mary's taste, at least that’s what he thinks.
“You were at my brother’s office,” Sherlock stated. “Why would you try to palm me off with such a stupid excuse?”
"Fine. Probably just a bad dream. She's fast asleep again now, though," John replies, tightening his hug. "You're not answering my question."
John moved closer and reached for both his hands, enclosing them in his own. “Sherlock, this is about your future, not about us.”
Sherlock was the most accurate baker John had ever met. If there were just a few extra grammes of sugar or flour on the scale, he would remove them instantly. He was also very precise when it came to rolling out the dough (»The recipe says the dough has to be approximately 5 millimetres thick! Why are you laughing, John?!«) and when they cut out the biscuits.
Sherlock ordered the same but with a different stuffing, preferring the mushrooms and cheese – in German.
I managed to get some writing done in the last couple of weeks. I hope it will serve as some distraction to the mundane routine (at least that's what I'm facing these days with online classes). If you've watched the first season of The Umbrella Academy, the dancing scene will be familiar to you. It was heavily inspired by it. I had a dancing scene in mind for these two for ages, but I couldn't find a good song until I watched that series and thought "Utterly perfect!" For those who don't know what I'm talking about, here's a link to the scene:
John is lost for words for a long moment, and when he finds his voice, all he can do is stammer. "I–,” he begins, unable to give a proper answer. Back to Baker Street would mean back to Mrs Hudson, back to his armchair, the untidy living room, body parts in the fridge, Sherlock, … back – home.
Sherlock is right. If he were to undo their past, they might not be standing here right now. They might never have got what they get to have at this moment. He doesn’t want to imagine that. Merely standing here, in Sherlock’s arms, is enough. Certainly more than he deserves, more than he has allowed himself to have, more than he ever imagined was possible.
“Being me got us into this situation in- in the first place.” The words were so hard to say, but he couldn’t keep them inside his chest either. “I just want to deserve you one day.”
"You seem a bit on edge," John teases and grins as Sherlock turns his head away, busying himself with the mug again. He is probably cleaning it the third time. John slowly steps closer, wrapping his arms around Sherlock from behind, breathing in his scent.
; it was so much more than Sherlock ever imagined being able to experience one day. It was overwhelming, astonishing and most of all utterly breathtaking, literally. John may have been trying to calm him down, but in fact it had been very counterproductive. Sherlock was still breathing laboriously, but less because of that dream and more thanks to the delicate touches.
ridiculous! ‘Please, sir, undress while I prepare your, you know’,” he imitated in John’s voice. “Just say it, John, honestly.”
“Tea would be nice, thanks,” Sherlock answered and folded both arms around John’s waist to prevent him from pulling away just yet. He sealed their lips together once more, cherishing the taste on his tongue, the feeling of soft brushes, warm breath on his skin.
John didn’t notice, and now, Sherlock was thankful he didn’t. It would only make things more complicated. Feelings weren’t going to solve their problems. Obsessing about it wasn’t going to make it any better.
He sat down between John’s legs and bent forward. He licked at the head of John’s prick, almost making him jump.
“I haven’t written anything into it for a while, so you can take your time,” Sherlock answered. John actually wanted to read those scribbles. What has he done to deserve so much admiration in this respect? Not that he minded. No, he didn’t mind at all.
And with that, he shoves Sherlock out of the way, watching the detective stumble out of the corners of his eyes. Then it's suddenly John at the edge of the roof, streets and cars and people hustling and bustling about underneath him, and he goes dizzy, and his heart beats faster, and his brain tells him no, but his gut screams yes and oh Jesus.
»I’m glad you decided to come,« he grinned. He’d already had quite a lot of punch; that much was obvious.
The next day, Sherlock decided to stay at home. Waiting for John every day wasn't going to make him appear out of nowhere. He sat under the glasshouse and opened the large sliding doors on both sides completely so it wouldn't get too hot underneath the roof.
Once that was done, too, he played the entire song. It filled six pages of music paper and was about eleven minutes long.
He should stay away from the alcohol, but when it’s the only thing to clear his head, the only thing that can make him feel numb for just a short amount of time, it is becoming harder and harder not to reach for the bottle.
He leant over Sherlock and kissed him deeply, taking his lower lip between his teeth and nibbling gently at it. Sherlock loved it when John came back to his. Not pure pleasure, but merely a moment to breathe in all the heat. His hand closed around his cock, stroking a few times up and down. It was so wet and smooth, and he questioned why the hell he had never given this a try before.
Sherlock laughed and shifted closer, his hand wandering further up to John’s back and grabbing the fabric of his shirt.
Sherlock got the phone call from Lestrade who promised him a case which was definitely a 7. A double homicide and a suspect who wouldn’t stop talking in riddles; to Lestrade all the testimonies certainly didn’t add up and Sherlock was desperate for work so the solution to his problem was simple if this was the only difficulty the case brought along.
Sherlock just wanted to raise his voice when John added, »Santa saw that, you know. He’ll definitely put you on the naughty list now.«
“If we do this, you have to promise me something,” John answered, locking eyes with Sherlock who blinked once to encourage him to keep talking. “No more lies. You’ll be honest with me. You will answer every question truthfully. If you’re in pain, you’ll tell me. If we can’t get it under control, I’ll call an ambulance. Are we clear?”
John laughed and got up, holding out his hand. “Don’t worry,” he said. “I’m sure we’ll have plenty of time later.”
Sherlock tells him about the snipers that Moriarty had placed to kill them, the threat of killing John, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade if he didn’t jump, if his snipers didn’t see him jump. He talks about Moriarty shooting himself, how it changed their plan entirely, tells him about Mycroft’s involvement, their attempt to get control over the snipers. He says he hated to have been forced to make John watch everything, that he wasn’t meant to come back so quickly, but then he had wanted to see him one last time, to hear his voice, to apologise and say goodbye because although his death was staged, there was no guarantee of his return.
Although they did not exchange gifts wrapped neatly and with care on Christmas Day, being able to steal tender kisses whenever he liked, feeling John’s hand sneak into his own under the table and having found what neither of them dared to dream of was better than anything money could buy. Sherlock knew from the broad smile that lingered on John’s lips that he felt the same, and that in itself was the best present anyone could ever receive.
Before he let him finish the sentence, he was already in the corridor, rushing downstairs. John follows carefully – his wound has mostly healed by now, but his chest still aches when he walks too quickly.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, letting his eyes fall shut and inhaling deeply. What would he think now? “… I don’t want to go to Cambridge.”
He wanted to be honest and open with John because he simply meant too much to Sherlock already. He couldn't go to Cambridge when it meant he would be without John. He was barely able to spend a few hours without him; how was he supposed to manage to be apart from him for almost an entire week? Seeing him at weekends – and surely not even every weekend – wasn't enough. He knew it only took about two hours to travel from London to Cambridge, but that didn't matter to him. Train tickets were expensive. John couldn't afford high expenses all the time. Neither could Sherlock. His parents wouldn't mind of course, but he didn't want to be dependent on them for the next few years. He would need to get a job, earn his own money after classes, and weekends. John was working on weekends, too. There would be little to no time to see each other.
He stares at the coffee table in front of him, looking at the scotch tumbler that he set down rather forcefully. "How could I not see what she wanted to do to us," he hissed. "I can't believe she fooled me three times. And you, too!"
John presses a kiss to his forehead and retrieves a flannel from the bathroom to wipe them both clean, making a quick job of it before re-joining Sherlock in their warm and comfortable bed. He pulls the covers over both of them and welcomes Sherlock in his arms when he moves closer, careful not to rest his hand on his healing back.
When Sherlock finally speaks up, John almost jumps as the silence is interrupted all of a sudden. "It's okay, John," he says. "You're right, you did lose control, and that's not excusable." John's heart sinks. He knows, of course he knows it's inexcusable, and it is good Sherlock has not forgiven him yet. He doesn't deserve to be forgiven, not for something as huge as this, not for beating him to a pulp and betraying his trust like this… But hearing it from Sherlock's own mouth, taking in those words feels as if another massive weight is being forced onto his shoulders. He wants to speak, but Sherlock beats him to it. "But I understand. You lost your wife. Your whole world was crumbling down in front of your eyes. You were simply overwhelmed and needed to take it out on the person you thought was responsible for it. Believe me, I do understand. When I … jumped, I reacted similarly towards Mycroft."
When the cassettes were back in John's bag, and the sofa was usable again, they settled into a more comfortable position again. Pressed together back to chest, John wrapped his arm around Sherlock's middle, his hand coming to rest on his belly.
Somebody knocked on his bedroom door and the detective groaned quietly. He had been on the verge of falling asleep. »Come in.«
, John thinks and grins into the kiss. He thinks of the song Sherlock wrote for him, exposing his innermost feelings, what he's been wanting and longing for all this time.
“Not like this,” John said as a silent sob shook him and he desperately tried to suppress it. “Never like this.”
He did as he was told, clenching his teeth and breathing through the pain that finally, finally, ebbed away a little.
He had not craved affectionate touches at all since he was a young boy. He was doing fine without them ever since. Detaching himself from sentiments and refusing to form any kind of emotional bond had worked perfectly well until the very moment when he developed feelings John Watson.
"What a shame," she replied in mock-dismay. "May I use your mirror? I calculated I could do my make-up here while releasing you from your scruples about tonight."
Waiting for the kettle to boil, he found John’s phone on the kitchen table. Why had he left it here? Did he want Sherlock to find out himself? Spare himself the trouble of explaining?
He let his hand wander to John’s back, feeling the soft fabric of his t-shirt. He wondered if he allowed to slip underneath it, but he couldn’t think through to the end because his hand had already done so and was now pulling the soft material up John’s body. He found warm and naked skin and savoured everything he was allowed to have in this moment. The insistent tongue that kept licking into his mouth, the hand in his hair, the fingernails that had returned to lightly scraping his scalp again and the skin and the strong muscles he was about to explore with his fingers made his head spin. The sensation and the intensity of this experience clouded his brain, making him feel as if he was drunk.
But damn it. He couldn’t care less because that tongue was currently licking into his mouth to find his own and it was glorious.
“Oh yes,” Sherlock smirks, pushing himself up onto his arms and reclaiming his position between John’s spread legs. “And I’m getting it.”
John's hands brought Sherlock's hair in disarray, carding carelessly through the thick curls while his pelvis pressed up against Sherlock's own. Their clothes need to go. Now.
Sherlock bobbed his head up and down, sucking and licking and moaning around him in his attempt to turn John on even more. John was gripping his hair more tightly now; it didn’t hurt, but it was unlikely John still had much self-control left.
»He is indeed,« John agreed with her. »But thankfully Clara, the Nutcracker and his subjects defeat him.«
Sherlock observed John’s reactions and tried to adjust his movements to increase the sensation. His own erection was trapped in his pants and was aching terribly now, in desperate need of attention. He looked for friction and ground against the mattress, groaning when a jolt of pleasure ran through his body.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice echoes in his ear. John lets out a relieved breath. He didn’t even notice his presence beside him when he woke.
“I have no choice, have I?” Sherlock asked and broke the eye contact, looking down at their joined hands and loosening his grip.
“John …” Sherlock breathed, staring at the ring. The entire situation left him utterly incapable of forming another word, but no other word seemed suitable or necessary. Just John.
»I couldn’t know you’d slip, I’m sorry,« John answered and helped Sherlock up slowly. »Come on, let’s get you inside and I’ll have a look how bad it is, all right?«
John smiled sleepily but squeezed his eyes shut again as soon as he moved to reach for him. “Fuck,” he groaned and squeezed his eyes shut. “In any other case, I’d say this was a terrible idea, but actually, it was totally worth it,” he murmured as he rubbed his eyes and then pressed his palms against them.
"Or at least someone who knows us, yes," Sherlock replies. "If it were just a random kidnapping, there would have been a ransom note. We would not get taunting texts. The fact that the kidnapper knew
"If we're going to do this – and by God, I hope we are – I need you to promise me one thing, Sherlock." John looks him straight in the eyes. "You ca
Sherlock sat down slowly, still a bit confused as to why John would ask him to stay. Sitting cross-legged next to his friend he voiced the thought he didn’t mean to actually say out lout. »Surely this isn’t what normal flatmates do–« Why did this have to slip out now?! Keep yourself together!!
Sherlock opened his eyes, blinking at John several times. “I’ll administer you an antidote to prevent your body from responding to any of the morphine."
And then he sees it. Red, bloody marks are covering the entirety of Sherlock's back and shoulder blades. Deep cuts, at least five of them had been stitched up. They sit there like an accusation, in screaming crimson and purple on Sherlock's once so flawless skin. So white and so pale when he last saw him. So bruised and scratched and injured now.
He felt John parting his lips and returned the motion. A little gasp escaped him when John's tongue traced the curve of his upper lip, and before he grasped what he was doing, he felt the tip of John's tongue dart into his mouth, meeting his own. He never had to process so many sensations all at once, and his brain was overwhelmed with all the new input until it shut itself down and he acted on autopilot. His hands wandered over John's sides until they came to a halt on his back.
“What happened to John I’m-Not-Gay Watson?” Sherlock asks instead. They’re lying side by side on the sofa now. It’s too narrow, but neither of them wants to move.
"They seemed like elaborate deductions," John chuckled softly. "More than just exercises. I'll give it back to you when I've finished it. You might want to write down more."
, Sherlock thought and fell asleep with a smile he didn’t realise had been lingering on his lips since John started singing.
John was sitting between his parted thighs, his eyes roaming over Sherlock's naked body. He felt exposed. Terribly exposed. Of course, it was just John. John who knew him better than anyone else he had ever known, John whom he trusted with his heart and his life, John who he would have to learn to trust with his body.
»As soon as you get in here,« he mumbled and lifted the duvet for John. The doctor chuckled and walked around the bed. »Hurry up!« Sherlock told him and turned onto his other side to face John, placing the hot water bottle between the two of them. They immediately snuggled closer to the other and warmed their hands. Sherlock was asleep within minutes, sinking into a deep slumber, but bad dreams wouldn’t stop haunting him.
»Don’t worry,« John laughed and sat up. »I’m sure you’ll find something to convince Santa you belong on the nice list after all, but before you do, let me return the favour.«
“I’d rather I would not have to,” Sherlock sighed dismissively and buried his head in his books once more.
So he nods, grabbing John's hands and placing gentle kisses on them, the fear has subsided. He feels relieved. “I promise,” he whispers.
"The stories from their youth are quite thrilling," Sherlock said with a smile as he thought about dark, cosy evenings he spent in their living room in front of the fire. Those were good times; times that weren't so rough.
Sherlock wanted to ask, but he didn’t. He had only just met John. Was this what John was usually after? Just a holiday fling? Those comments couldn’t be serious, not if Greg always teased John that way. Unless he fell in and out of love quickly. Sherlock never really grasped the concept of love at first sight. How could people fall in love after having known each other for mere seconds? They knew nothing about one another. How could they love the other person without knowing them at all? People always said they love certain characteristics about the other person, so Sherlock simply didn’t understand how love was at all possible if the only thing someone knew about the other was their looks. Maybe society just mistook love for lust and decided it was love anyway.
“Run!” an all too familiar voice shouted as he recognised John behind the man. But he couldn’t move for a second before he dropped both his blanket and his book, reaching for the knife the man was still holding and pressed it against his carotid artery. He showed no sign of surrendering, so Sherlock lifted his knee up quickly and kicked him hard in his crotch, causing the sod to fall onto his knees and groan loudly. “You fuckers!”
He looked around the room and found it very inviting. There were books on his desk and the windowsill just next to the bed. His shelf was also stuffed with them. Most of them were science books or studies on different subjects, like bees.
John acknowledges that with a nod. He doesn't want to think about her. Not now. Not when he finally got the miracle for which he has been praying for two years.
John let his hands trail over Sherlock’s back in slow but tantalising movements until they finally moved to the place where Sherlock needed them the most.
Sherlock dared to look down at John who had closed his eyes as if to cherish the entire experience. A small smile appeared on his lips when he got his head around it.
"Not anymore," John told him. "We were penpals for a while until he wrote he was with someone else and I wished them all the best. It was stupid really, it couldn't go on forever, and we knew that from the beginning. It was great as long as it lasted, and I'm grateful for what he did for me, helping me accept that this is who I am and that I shouldn't let anyone else control what I feel and for whom I feel it."
"It all felt so real – although it made no sense, it felt real." He runs a hand through his hair. "That woman, the one who shot me, she was your sister, locked up in a fortress on an island."
"Blanket for sure when we unexpectedly decide to become inebriated by the beach and observe the stars?" Sherlock asked.
He spent the rest of the day in his room, watching the rain fall and the clouds fade. He hated the sunshine even more because it took all the reasons for his devastation and anger away.
Sherlock hadn't sat down close to them in the refectory on purpose. Of course he hadn't. It was hardly his fault they were sitting so close to him. However, he couldn't pretend not to feel his heartbeat picking up a pace or two at the mention of the Christmas disco.
"Thought that was the plan," Sherlock answered, turning around. "Thing is, you don't understand German telly, which is crap anyway," he chuckled.
John returned her warm expression. “I’m lucky he’s mine,” he answered and took the bedding to Sherlock’s room where he was just pulling out a spare mattress from under the bed.
He drank slowly, knowing he would upset his stomach even more if he gulped it all down in one go. “We’ll try another one of these.” John handed him a pill and he swallowed it with the next sip.
The conversation drifted off the more meaningless topics, and Sherlock found himself enjoying John’s company more than he could have predicted or anticipated. The constant flow of more and more alcoholic liquid fulfilled its purpose of easing the conversation, but Sherlock was grateful for it. The tension having sat heavily on his shoulders at the beginning slowly faded and soon vanished completely. John was a more than agreeable conversationalist and Sherlock wished the time would slow down or freeze entirely, so the evening wouldn’t have to end after all.
He fiddled with his hair that simply wouldn’t let itself be arranged today and gave up when he heard Oma Karla call his name from downstairs. “Sherlock! John’s here!”
Once his grandma was a bit calmer, she dismissed the subject entirely. She invited John to stay for dinner, which John accepted gratefully. Afterwards, he then went upstairs with Sherlock to his room.
“I’d love to,” Sherlock answered, finally finding his voice. “But I’d like to do something else first.”
He blinked a few times, and a few rays of the setting sun broke into the room where the sun-blind was lifted, only letting in a bit of warm orange light.
»I’m afraid you’ll have to eat those yourself. I will not touch baked goods for as long as I shall live,« the detective declared.
»Well, how could I possibly make up for causing such discontent?« John asked playfully, taking Sherlock’s plate and mug from him and setting both down on the coffee table.
John went upstairs, leaving Sherlock in the sitting room. His heart was pounding hard in his chest and his fingers were shaking a little. He tried to stop being so nervous, failing bitterly.
Sherlock inched closer to his straining cock, nose buried in the thin hair just above it. He could spend ages just looking at it, memorising every protruding vein. He couldn't wait to taste him on his tongue, to run his lips along the hard length, to lick at the tip and savour the pre-come that gathered there. He wanted to know what John's reactions would be, so instead of wasting any more time, he pressed little kisses to the root, languidly kissing his way up to the tip. John cursed above him, reaching down to grip the sheets.
But he's a doctor. He knows he has to stay awake, fight the urge to go back under. He tries to turn his head, but there is a sharp pain in his neck. Instinctively, his hand shoots up to touch the hurting spot, but he feels a slight resistance and as if something is stuck underneath his skin. He peers at it closely, realises he is hooked up to several machines.
John huffed a breathy laugh against his skin and kissed his neck enthusiastically, letting his hand trail down over his chest until it closed around Sherlock's erection.
"Promise," Sherlock answers in a hushed and low tone before he shuts the door forcefully and apologises about the incident.
When he gets inside, he prepares a bath for Rosie to warm up. Her mood brightens a little, but not for very long. He puts her to bed, apologising for not reading a bedtime story tonight, but he is aching all over. His shoulder stings and so does his chest. His head is buzzing with unwelcome thoughts, and the last solution is standing on the top shelf of his cabinet.
There had only been been two moments in which all his feelings poured out of him; when he saw the Hound whilst they investigated Henry Knight’s case in Baskerville and John mocked him for being afraid and when he stood in front of the plane with John and was about to be taken away and never return to the one friend he cared about more than he was allowed to, except he didn’t let the emotions overwhelm him the way he did in Baskerville. He was on the verge of letting John know about this, but in the end it didn’t seem worth it. He would find out and then what? It wasn’t going to make Sherlock stay. He would leave John behind, fly off to his death and both of them would suffer from his revelation.
He couldn’t move, he couldn’t blink and he couldn’t breathe. His lungs were screaming and his heart was racing. All he wanted to do was go back in time, make it all undone and live those past weeks and months differently because John’s love declarations left him cold; he remained unaffected. Never had he dreamt John’s words would just deflect off him. They simply didn’t sink in. They were just words; hollow, empty, meaningless.
"I'm not home!" With that, he wanted to rush up to his room, but Karla had already opened the door, thwarting his plans. If he headed for the stairs now, John would see him. So instead, he hid behind the staircase, trying to regain control over his breathing.
"What do you think I'm doing?" Sherlock grumbled into John's hair when he carried him back to the beach.
Sherlock agreed hastily even though his heart rate increased instantaneously. This certainly wasn’t healthy anymore. His heart felt as if it was doing somersaults, beating violently and fiercely.
Tears well up in Sherlock's eyes again, and this time, he doesn't try to hold them back. Being in touch with his own human side, the emotions and the vulnerability that come with it is not exactly something that makes him feel comfortable. It's a struggle every time, but the outcome is always the same – he feels better. Much better.
“Yeah. You forgot them,” John answered. “Thought you’d notice sooner, but then I realised you were in real trouble.”
"No, I didn't mean it like that. It's not the trouble, Sherlock. It's you. It's you destroying your body and your mind." John told him in earnest. "I meant there will be no need for me to help you cope with another withdrawal because once you’re your old self again, you’ll stop touching this stuff. I can't watch you do this to yourself.”
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock protested and closed the space between them again. John chuckled softly and pulled him closer, taking his lower lip between his own. Sucking, nibbling, teasing gently. It was celestial.
His own erection was throbbing now, begging for attention, but Sherlock wanted none of it, entirely concentrating on John. He sat down in his lap and let his hand trail down to his belly button and further as his lips found his neck and he started sucking lightly on the soft skin.
The detective groaned which resulted in a violent cough. His throat felt sore and the cough wasn’t making it any better.
He pulls him down into a kiss, buries his hands in those wonderfully soft curls and grinds his middle against Sherlock’s through the two layers of fabric still separating them from touching. They both groan simultaneously.
Sherlock groaned audibly, seeking for friction because heat and desire uncurled in his insides. Most of his blood seemed to have taken the path from his brain to his groin area.
They were just an inch apart as John dropped his gaze to Sherlock’s parted lips. The detective noticed; of course he did, but he suddenly felt incredibly nervous and clenched his hands in his lap just to give himself something to do, trying to calm down, but how could one calm down
The pancakes were amazing, just as any food Karla ever made. She was a brilliant cook; no professional in any restaurant would ever cook a meal that was as nice as Karla's.
The doctor prepared a steam bath for him and Sherlock inhaled the hot vapours for several minutes. They unblocked his nose and even though the detective would never admit it, he already felt much better afterwards. He dried off his face when he was done and then went back to his bedroom.
His grin lingered on his face. John's mouth and nose tickled him. The warm chest aligned with his back and Sherlock leant back against it. He cherished the feeling of it. He still couldn't understand why John would actually want to have this, to have it with
"I don't expect you to treat her like another case, I know she's as much of a daughter to you as she is to me," he grasps Sherlock's hand, watching out for any sign that might be interpreted as being unsettled and uncomfortable by having him this close right now. He is heedful as not to crowd him too much when he can't bear the touch. "But we have to focus on the now. Not the what-ifs. If something happened to her, I would never forgive myself either, but this has got nothing to do with blaming you. Yes?" John squeezes his hands gently.
“Horrible at packing, are we?” Sherlock teased cheekily, taking out a random cassette and glancing at it.
He had no idea where they were going to go from this point. When would kissing stop being enough for John? When would he want more? It was not that Sherlock didn’t want it, too, he
He looks down at Mary and then turns his head to look at the alarm clock on his own bedside table. It's already well past two. He needs to sleep. He has to be at work at eight. Jesus.
“Much,” Sherlock answered. “Thank you.” With that, he leant forward, cupping John’s face in his hands, and kissed him. Slowly. Softly. He still melted against John’s lips. Every time.
John sighed and took the mug from him. There were marshmallows on top of the foam. He smiled softly. Being angry at his flatmate was quite hard when he tried so hard to apologise without actually saying sorry.
“If I have the pleasure of ruining your hair, I thought I might as well do it properly,” John teased as Sherlock brushed his wet curls out of his face.
“John,” he exhales sharply, but before he can say any more, wet heat engulfs Sherlock’s aching erection, and he swallows down a curse audibly. A loud groan escapes his lips when John hollows his cheeks to increase the intensity. “Oh … oh God–“
With that, Sherlock walked into the adjacent bathroom and locked the door behind him. He stepped out of his filthy clothes and turned the water on. When he stepped into the bath, he let out a relieved sigh; the hot water worked wonders on his still aching bones. His head had thankfully stopped hurting for now, but he felt so drained as if he had run a marathon last night.
John’s steps could be heard, but then he stopped. Did he change his mind? Was he going to turn around? Would he just walk out of the front door and leave this mess behind? It was worse than any torture Sherlock had endured. It was so much worse than all the punches in the gut, the kicks, the screaming and the dirt and the blood. The mere thought of John saying ‘this is it, then’ made him feel so sick.
»Since I’ve moved back in with you, I tried to come to terms with something I should’ve accepted a long time ago. When you– jumped off that building and I thought you were dead, my whole world shattered to pieces because when you left, you took my best friend, my work and my home with you. It was not the same when you were gone.
His hands wandered up and down John’s strong, muscular thighs as John aligned both their erections and started stroking slowly but firmly.
He refrained from leaning against John or resting his head on his lap again. There were no gentle touches on John’s part anymore and Sherlock wasn’t sure if it was a good moment to initiate anything now.
There was a pile of pancakes on a plate on the kitchen table, including syrup, cream and strawberries, but Sherlock’s grandma was nowhere to be found. He leant forward and fetched the note that leant against the plate.
“Because you thought I’m clever and charming and I would make friends eventually. I didn’t want to think of me as a disappointment since everyone else already did,” Sherlock sighed and didn’t dare to look at her.
Sherlock found himself smiling widely and blushing a little. He turned his head towards John’s friends who were sitting on the sand too, now, obviously wondering what they were talking about since John showed no sign of getting up and going back.
»I’ll gladly give that a miss,« Sherlock snorted even though he was secretly pleased John had baked for him. Again.
So many salty drops were covering his eyes that he knew if he blinked now, they would fall, but merely thinking about what had happened, how 24 hours ago, everything had been fine, perfect even …
He leant against the wall and closed his eyes, not even noticing the coldness, which spread its relentless wings over him. Only when the creak of the door as it was being opened behind him once more reached his ears, his lids lifted again. Panic shot through his chest; he had to leave. He simply couldn’t face John right now.
His body fell forward. Their foreheads aligned, and Sherlock’s eyelids dropped. The tension in his shoulders made him feel heavy, but not uncomfortably so because someone was holding him up.
“Oh, I didn’t know that,” John answered and looked back at Sherlock. “But that’s great! I bet you’ll get in, though.”
Sherlock gasped and his breath immediately turned into damp steam in the frosty air around them. John's hands came up to bury themselves in Sherlock's hair, stroking, threading gently as he took control of the kiss. It was slow and tender, but sensuous and sultry nonetheless, and soon they had to break apart, both panting and catching their breath.
"Of course, let's order dessert. What would you like?" He forces himself to smile. She notices and takes his hand.
“You sure? Let me see.“ He stepped closer and leant in slightly to check if the knife had left a mark on Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock’s breath hitched for a moment as John’s fingers ghosted over his skin. His light touch sent a tingling sensation through his chest. Electrifying.
John crossed his arms over his chest and looked defiantly up at Sherlock. He was just slightly taller than him. “It looked a bit different to me.”
This place is dark. Very dark. Darker than a night without stars or the moon. He can hear Sherlock's voice.
“I did no such thing,” Irene answered calmly and shrugged her shoulders. “Maybe you lost it. Wouldn’t surprise me, considering the mess that is your flat.”
The last 17 steps are a hurdle, but when he reaches the top of the stairs, he is greeted with an image that burns itself into his mind forever.
“Not at all. You weren’t meant to find it.” Mycroft’s voice is calm and even-tempered, and John hates it.
“Great,” John grinned, showing his flawless white teeth, which Sherlock hated, too. He hated every perfect thing about John. They were doing things to him nobody and nothing had ever managed to do to him before. It was bittersweet. “I’m sure you’ll enjoy it.”
He resisted the urge to open the cabinet where they stored the vodka and the scotch and went for a cup of tea instead.
. John would whither without him, would stop wanting to live, and he cannot do this to himself or his daughter. Sherlock absolutely mustn’t go through this again.
»You know I hate everyone working there. They’re such complete idiots,« Sherlock mumbled, looking up from his microscope.
Sherlock probably has similar thoughts about wanting to eat him alive because his pupils elevate and almost swallow his entire irises.
“I am,” John whispered against his skin. “I want you to be happy, Sherlock, but I don’t want to be the person barring the way to a bright future.”
, it hits him. He’s projecting the situation to their current one; thinking he is responsible for putting them in a dangerous situation in the first place. Not realising what is happening until it’s too late, until events are unchangeable, until the inevitable happens. He had reached out for John back then and John pushed him away forcefully and venomously. Now he’s keeping his distance, in spite of himself.
John snorts and picks up the scotch glass. "That's rare, coming from you." The words are biting, and he doesn't mean them, but he's so angry. Angry at the wrong person. Angry for the wrong reasons.
Knowing exactly what he would give John for Christmas, he leant in to kiss him more lovingly than ever before.
But then, seemingly out of the nothingness surrounding him, two hands emerge and gently find their place on his shoulders, softly and carefully pulling him up, so he comes to rest against a firm but comfortable chest. He begins to feel secure in long arms wrapped tightly around him, to feel home when he breathes in Sherlock.
Sherlock commented, crossing his arms. This is all great comedy for him, apparently, but even John has to sit back a little and can’t do anything but laugh at her confidence.
“No, dearest John, I don’t get why you’ve been acting so strangely in the past weeks. I don’t understand why you’re keeping so many secrets and most importantly, I refuse to believe you’ve been betraying me, but it feels as though you have, so how about you finally enlighten me?” Sherlock said as he fought back angry tears.
Nevertheless he had to go now. He had to get up and leave before it was too late. He didn’t want to, though. The strong arm was still wrapped around his torso, the warm hand still rested on his chest, he could still feel John’s warm breath against the back of his neck and one of John’s legs was entangled with Sherlock’s. It was either now or never.
When he turned back around, Sherlock had already placed the heart, tree and star-shaped biscuits on the two baking trays. Something was wrong here, though. If you stuck to the recipe, you could easily fill three.
Sherlock did not realise his breathing was still ragged and uneven. He just had to take one more step towards the dreamland because the warmth radiating from John’s body enveloped him and his hand was still on his back. He touched him a lot recently, more often than Sherlock ever dared to hope and to imagine.
He knew he loved John. He felt more affection for him than he ever had for anyone else. Nevertheless, he also knew that he was hurting him, and it made him wonder if he loved him enough. He didn't want to love him if he was hurting him. John didn't deserve this.
John didn't seem to be reassured, but a little while later the conversation drifted off to meaningless topics, like the stuffing of the tortelloni, questions why Sherlock had ordered the mushroom stuffing when all he was eating was the spinach ones from John's plate. Sherlock looked offended, stating the entire point of ordering them was sharing and trying out all the different stuffings, which he did, undeterred.
After 45 minutes, Petra focussed once more on breathing techniques and then ended the session. Sherlock had to admit that he was feeling oddly at ease now. The feeling of nervousness had faded into a corner of his body that would not bother him for a while now. At least, he hoped so.
"But … I thought you … you and her ..." John takes an embarrassed sip from his tea. "We've been through this before when I told you to take the chance, text her back. I don't … I just want you to be happy."
"I know," is all John says. "I finally understand why you did it now. It's fine. It's all fine." He manages a smile, but it comes across as rather forced. His fingers twitch.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock and uncertainty and John just smiled softly. »Just to sleep, don’t worry.«
that his lips come to rest on John's hair, neither of them talks about it. If John buries his nose in the crook of Sherlock's neck and just breathes him in, neither of them mentions it. If Sherlock's hand slowly comes to rest on John's hip, and if John's hand falls down to brush over Sherlock's, it does not go unnoticed, but it just feels right.
Sherlock sighed and looked out of the window. John was right. Little snowflakes were falling from the sky. Sherlock watched them for a few seconds, then he rolled his eyes. It looked more like rain than snow if you asked him, but of course John surely wouldn’t agree with him.
“Molly, this is crucial!” Sherlock presses impatiently, and John lowers his hand on his back to calm him.
Careful fingertips found their way into Sherlock's still damp hair, massaging and scratching his scalp lightly. Suddenly, Sherlock didn't know if he was falling down or up anymore because this was heaven. It felt like being in paradise.
»Sherlock?« his mother called from downstairs, ending their intimate moment and making Sherlock sigh in frustration. »Could you bring in some wood for the fireplace, please?«
»Well then, tell me what to get the person that means the world to me and I could never bear to lose anymore because I love him so dearly neither words nor actions could ever express how much I care about him for Christmas.«
When John turns, Sherlock is kneeling over the bomb, on the floor, and looking up at him. He’s close to tears. “I’m sorry,” he pants softly.
They pulled apart, falling back into the sand and looking up in the sky. If there was one moment in which Sherlock would stop all clocks, which was an utterly ridiculous thought, he knew that, but if he could, it would be this one. Pure and simple.
“What’s the occasion?” John calls after her, raising his brow questioningly at Sherlock whose answer is only a shrug.
He cupped John’s face with both hands and leant down to press their lips together. Lightly. Softly. Like the notes of the piano at the beginning of the song. Like the singer’s voice did throughout.
John nodded in acknowledgement before he changed the subject. “Your grandma is lovely,” he said with a smile. “I didn’t expect she would show me all these pictures.”
He feels Sherlock’s breath hitch, and tightens the embrace, uncurling his fingers from where they held onto Sherlock’s shirt and coming around to find their place on his back.
“I–“ His voice breaks and he tries to swallow the lump in his throat, without luck. “I should never have lost control the way I did…,” he says almost inaudibly.
He knew his brother worked with the latest technology, he was the Secret Service after all. Mycroft was the very traditional type, though. He preferred writing things down on a piece of paper rather than trusting USB flash drives or computer hard drives although everybody else relied on those things. Suddenly a gallant set of pens seemed to be the perfect gift.
»Sit down, you idiot.« John’s voice was so full of kindness. Sherlock could tell it was real. How did he always do this?
They left the young man behind – he would be fine if he was smart enough to seek medical assistance for a potentially broken nose and testicular bruises (entirely deserved). Their own safety was more important now. Sherlock would likely also walk away with a shiner, but it was entirely worth it. He had to make sure John would be all right. That was much more important now. They had to take care of each other. They had to make it to their save haven.
Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Why was he like this? He was whimpering by now, not even realising he was this aroused.
Sherlock had wanted to say yes before John even opened the box, but John tried so hard to apologise and he had obviously prepared his words a long time ago, he had chosen these words with care and he had lain awake at night, thinking what he was going to say once the moment was right.
"I'll take that for you, shall I?" A hand reaches for the phone. "Oh," she laughs. "It's Sherlock. Funny coincidence, isn't it?" She accepts the call.
"Mike's staying at home. It's too hot for him apparently." He shrugged. "Bill and Greg said they'd come to the beach in an hour."
»Don’t,« Sherlock dismissed his apology and tried to stand in a more comfortable position, but his back hurt too much and he couldn’t find one.
Sherlock nodded briefly, encouraging John to continue. John stabilised Sherlock’s arm with his right hand, inserting the needle with his left. He hit the vein at the first attempt and moved it deeper into it. Maintaining pressure on the skin, he pulled the needle back a little and advanced the catheter into it. Once it was seated, he removed the tourniquet and taped the catheter with sterile bandage over half of the hub and held the catheter in place as he pulled out the needle completely and disposed it.
John wakes early the next morning, feeling unusually well-rested. His skin feels warm, his vision is fuzzy, his nose tickles a little, and under his fingertips, he feels the soft and steady thumping of someone else's heartbeat. Sherlock.
“You wouldn’t dare,” Irene answered coolly and inspected her fingernails. “Has it occurred to you that I’ve been trying to help you for an entire fortnight now? Why would I want you to go to this bloody disco with me?”
Oma Karla looked back and forth between the two of them with a grin, turning page after page, telling John the stories behind those pictures. Sherlock watched John's face when she did; he was smiling affectionately the entire time. When she came to very embarrassing stories, Sherlock would moan and tap his grandma's shoulder in annoyance, she would tell him, "Come on, Sherlock. Those were wonderful memories," and John would grin at their exchange.
Sherlock cracked up at that. “Says the one who asks me to translate every sign and food on the menu that looks vaguely delicious, judging by the letters.”
John’s knuckles brushed against his cheek, trying to get Sherlock to look up. No other words were necessary to understand what they wanted to tell each other. Another apology would have been redundant because Sherlock saw how sorry John was and he hoped John knew he was just as sorry for thinking he would ever betray him.
Sherlock had no idea how to word his thoughts. They didn’t make sense to him, and they were likely quite silly as well.
"First of all, we need to make sure you're okay before we consider any other steps to take," John says with determination in his voice. He squeezes Sherlock's palm gently, wrapping his other arm carefully around Sherlock's waist. "Wherever Rosie is, I can feel she is fine. A father knows that. And since you're her dad, too, you should feel the same."
Sherlock closed his eyes as the pain subsided bit by bit, transforming into pleasant, feather light touches ghosting over his slightly hairy leg.
move. But while his heartbeat had been racing, his insides prickling and tingling in anticipation in the one minute; now a nervous feeling was taking over. Apprehension.
»John, I changed my mind, can we go home, please?« Sherlock said, holding someone’s amused gaze until the man looked away.
Sherlock sighed in relief when he heard the front door fall shut. “Will you do me the favour of going after her, please?”
»Yes, please, I’d love to hear it,« John told him, »but before you do, you should open your present.«
Of course, he would avoid this at all cost. One of those sad smiles appears on John's lips. He only he knew that there is nothing he wants more in his life than that. Being back at Baker Street with Sherlock
Involuntarily, John's hands rise and grab Sherlock's shirt at his sides, Sherlock’s fingers never ceasing to play.
He moaned, and all doubtful thoughts were forgotten when John began to caress his scalp with gentle movements. This was going to be an experience.
Some nights, John fell asleep before Sherlock even came to bed. In those nights, Sherlock brought a little space between them, making sure not to wake John again after a long day out in the sun, and rested his head on his propped-up arm. Watching John's even breaths, the steady rise and fall of his chest, his fingers twitching on the pillow beside him now and then. His hair was already ruffled from the light breeze outside, and the pillow did the rest. Sherlock smiled at the sight.
“Are you insane?” Sherlock asked, shivering as the cold embraced him, leaving goosebumps on his skin. He rubbed his arms.
"I texted Greg before we went up there, telling him to step in should the situation get too precarious. The police arrived just in time and shot her in the leg," Sherlock tells him. "The shot presumably startled you because you almost tipped over the edge. I only just managed to get a hold of your jacket to pull you back on the roof, but your knees gave way, and you passed out on the concrete. It's a light concussion, I assume."
It's always like that with Sherlock, isn't it? Adrenaline pumping through his veins, his heart beating faster with every smile and touch and look Sherlock grants him. And John loves it. He knows he does. And he needs it, too.
“One of us has to be,” he answered, letting his fingers wander to Sherlock’s back and pulling him close into a new kiss. Sherlock felt himself grow harder as the seconds ticked by and he pressed himself against John’s body as much as he could. His hands migrated to John’s back and slowly strayed down to his bum, squeezing and pulling.
Even though it had been a more or less cheap meal, Sherlock insisted on paying, earning a look from John that said he was a total idiot for thinking he would let him. After a bit of a fuss and an amused grin on their waitress's face, he finally agreed under the condition he would pay next time.
“Oh my God,” he breathed as all his limbs went slack and his eyes fell shut in utter shame, which did not alleviate his embarrassment in any way.
“Yes, I just can’t wait to lie down again,” he lied. His current position was almost perfect. Certainly better than anything else he found himself in recently.
When John woke and Sherlock was facing the opposite wall, he shifted a little and pulled him closer as if to assure himself this was real, to assure himself Sherlock was still there, sleeping soundly.
Of course, he should have known that it would not go unnoticed. Mycroft had always been very observant, so obviously, he would become aware of it. He had taught him ways of preventing his mask from crumbling, taught him ways of deleting the biting, hurtful words, and eventually taught him ways of not letting it get to him anymore. He learnt how to properly use his mind to keep feelings and emotions at bay.
Is it truly a sin to reach for him now? Now that he is so close, within his reach, why is he not allowed to touch? To hold and to cradle.
He could drop his book and his blanket and run, but the way down the alley was getting sandy and stony. He wouldn't be able to run fast for very long without shoes covering the soles of his feet; and if the man caught up with him, he would be screwed. After all, he didn't know how quick his kidnapper was on his feet, and he couldn't risk anything else.
body. He thought of his most prominent parts, and it turned him on so much he couldn't pinpoint a moment in his life when he had been this aroused.
“I can’t believe we were so stupid,” John gasped when Sherlock’s fingers clandestinely slipped beneath his shirt, pulling the hem out of his trousers, feeling the naked, warm, perfect skin that he had fantasised about in bed and in the shower.
But the minute turns into two, which turns into five, and then Sherlock curses under his breath. “Sherlock.”
"Oh, Liebling, don't be. I know you've been very busy with school and – after all, it wasn't easy coming back here either, not after Opa died."
When all he sees around him is darkness, panic rises in his chest, and he tries to sit up, which only causes a sharp pain shooting through his head. Groaning, he presses his head back against the pillow, taking deep breaths to calm down.
“I couldn’t put your life at risk any more than it already was,” Sherlock replies, his voice low. “Besides, I was never alone.”
close. His thighs are trembling; his arms are starting to as well. It’s getting harder to hold himself up and keep up their rhythm. His movements become desperate, frantic even.
“What the hell are you saying? That I’m not capable of finding someone’s pulse?” John asks indignantly.
cheesy Christmas song that the DJ played, what had to be John’s friend Bill stepped in front of the microphone and made an announcement he seemed to feel very excited about. Dread rose in Sherlock’s gut.
John came back half an hour later. His cheeks were very rosy and his smile was as bright as ever. He walked up the stairs with two huge bags and peered into the kitchen he was likely to enter just a few seconds later, but he changed his mind in the moment he caught sight of Sherlock.
“Are you all right, love?” John asked, and Sherlock could feel his head moving as to look down at him.
John stares at him, willing the tea to finally cool, so he could drink it without burning his tongue every time.
Sherlock returned what John had done for him and stroked him until he gasped and collapsed on top of him, breathing hard just like Sherlock did.
"Yes, especially when the love of your life is an assassin intending to kill you," Sherlock replies sarcastically to which John just glares at him. "Besides, before Mary, before my ... death, you were perfectly happy without relationships. You even gave up dating!"
His chest was heaving as he tried to keep his breathing under control. God, she must think he was traumatised.
Eventually, John’s mouth found Sherlock’s skin, nipping sweetly at his bottom lip. Sherlock’s lips pressed against John’s, brushing against one another in a slow and tender custom that was all too familiar.
“Full of surprises, this one!” Greg answered, who had come up to their stall and overheard the last bit of their conversation. “We’re over there,” he said and gestured towards one of the wooden benches closer to the stage. “In case you’d like to join us.”
“A break-up,” Mycroft informed him, leaving John wide-eyed. “He attempted to make my brother quit, help him to get clean for good. Quite the opposite ensued so he left."
John sank into the welcoming comfort of his armchair. “Yeah, took me long enough, though,” he sighed and closed his eyes for a moment. “Could you make us some tea, love, please? I’d love a cuppa.”
Once Rosie is in her highchair, John sits down, too. "Thanks for," he clears his throat. "For staying and taking care of her last night. I didn't even hear her…"
, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft replied quietly, his voice sounded more worried than John had ever witnessed.
There’s something special about the last day of October; even Sherlock had to admit that. It’s funny how tradition commemorating the dead managed to spark so much joy amongst young children. He did not particularly honour the dead people except when they died under mysterious circumstances.
Sherlock huffs a laugh that almost sounds sad. He swallows. Once. Twice. And a third time before inhaling deeply. Bracing himself for John's answer? " … Seven years."
John’s voice was beautiful; he held the notes at the end of the stanza like a professional and Sherlock wondered why he had never sung in his presence before. He didn’t have to be shy or self-conscious. He had the voice of a light, it was clear and powerful and yet gentle and smooth.
Sherlock snuggled into John, wrapping himself around him. »Don’t you want to get up?« John asked him with a fond smile.
So he shook his head instead, not entirely trusting his voice. He swallowed. It felt as though a lump in his throat took all the air away.
John ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair once more before he got up and took the bucket to the bathroom, coming back in no time. “Here.” His voice was so gentle it made Sherlock’s heart ache again. He didn’t deserve to be taken care of this way after everything he did to hurt John so much. He never intended for John to see him like this and, realising how much he would owe John once this was over, his body was flooded with shame.
Thankfully, it didn't matter because the harbour was out of earshot from his grandma's house. Therefore, he wouldn't have to endure anything for too long once he had had enough. John had convinced him to take a look at the spectacle, even if the masses of people were mostly tourists consisting of parents and small children who begged them for sweets and ice cream and locals who met up in the harbour instead of the pub they usually frequented at weekends.
»Aren’t you curious?« John chuckled. »I mean, you don’t have to have a look now, but be careful if you want to put them on later.«
He gasped when he thought of John's hands on his body, holding himself up with his strong arms as he was hovering above Sherlock. Increasing the pressure on himself, he pulled his legs up and placed his feet on the bed so he could thrust up into his own fist.
alone! Shoving your dirt in our faces every day in public on the beach and then tonight at our festival. We don’t wanna see that!”
He truly couldn’t believe his luck at any rate. He could still feel his lips on him as they kissed him
His own fingers tightened around the fabric of John’s shirt. He wanted to touch more of him, explore him like John explored him, but he could barely deal with all the sensations John’s fingers and lips were causing, he was sure if he brushed his hands over John’s skin, he would come apart.
»Well, why doesn’t the best serviette folder all over London help me out a bit, then?« John teased him.
It took three and a half seconds before Sherlock fully processed what John had said. He wasn't sure if John only said it because today marked the anniversary of– it wasn't even an anniversary, it was just a month; one month since they got together. A real anniversary was still eleven months away. Maybe he meant it; maybe he wanted this to continue even after they would have returned to England; after the vivid dream of golden beaches, blue waves, sweaty volleyball matches, and cosy beds was over.
He rushed back home with the grocery bags as quickly as possible (why didn’t a single cabbie stop for him for God’s sake!) and fished the key out of his pocket, almost dropping the bags because they were pretty heavy.
"I used to take dancing lessons when I was younger, with Molly, my acquaintance from school. She forced me, so I would accompany her to prom."
John got up and walked out of the room. Meanwhile, Sherlock died of shame. He felt terrible. Why had he taken the pill in the first place? Oh right, to forget. God, was he stupid.
John keeps pressing against the wound, desperately trying to breathe in and out steadily, and failing miserably.
John had told him he didn’t have to meet his requirements because there were none. But John surely had
He didn’t notice the person approaching him from behind. “Du siehst aus, als könntest du ein bisschen Spaß vertragen."
His eyes dart from Mrs Hudson to Sherlock whose cheeks, John is certain, blushed a little deeper before he turned away, walking to the window, not meeting John’s eyes.
"I'm sorry," she says in her northern English accent. "But your friend is a little preoccupied at the moment."
"Thank you," John grinned, and his entire face lit up. There were the little wrinkles around his eyes, and in the dim light of the room, his blue irises seemed to change their colour to ocean blue. Wild and rough at times, and calm and peaceful and tender at others. Right now, the second was true.
The sun felt warm on his skin – thankfully it wasn’t uncomfortably hot – and the wind soothed the parts that burned a little.
“You can’t possibly,” he was shaken by another round of sobs that almost choked him, “possibly know …”
Sherlock's hands emerge from the water to run over John's chest and the scar on his shoulder. After all this time, John still twitches when someone touches it – but he's seen Sherlock's scars countless times as well, and while it saddens him to see them, he has accepted them as part of who they are. In the end, they are what made them what they are today, what brought them together.
When John wakes again, he surfaces with all too clear memory of Bart's and Eurus and his little Rosie threatening to be pushed off the roof. He wakes and pants, hard, and he feels reminded of his time in Afghanistan and afterwards when he woke engulfed in sweat and frenetic heartbeats and fear.
Sherlock was about to object, but he knew it was no use. John just wanted him to get better as soon as possible.
Sherlock's hand on his hip and the constant caress of warm fingers against his skin tell him this can't be a dream, but it still feels surreal to finally have this, lying here next to the person who has continuously been so close and yet always out of his reach. He thinks of Eurus – whoever and wherever she might be – her ill intent that had left him in a place he was almost unable to leave. The coma dream that had shattered his view of reality.
He blinked a few times and his vision cleared slightly, but not much. Opening his mouth to speak, he coughed a few times. His mouth felt incredibly dry. He swallowed once, twice, before clearing his throat again.
Sherlock couldn't have anticipated that their first big fight would have such an enormous impact on the way he perceived relationships. He knew now how quickly one could lose everything, how effortlessly everything could slip through his fingers just like sand when one said just one imprudent word. This was the reason why this feeling business was so complicated; why he avoided it.
There were photos of him of all ages, from his birth until late primary school/early secondary school. She skipped the first few pages, landing on one that showed him with a papier-mâché volcano that was almost too heavy to carry for the little boy of twelve years only.
Sherlock wondered as he tightened his arm around John. Nobody ever called him that except his family. People always just used words like freak, weirdo, know-it-all, wanker, idiot, dickhead–
“Don’t say that like an insult,” Sherlock grins and kisses him; sweetly and leisurely but no less sultry. He relishes the feeling.
“But–“ John interrupts him, but suddenly all the words he wanted to say are gone. All his thoughts a mess. His ability to form a proper sentence vanished.
Sherlock’s gaze follows Mrs Hudson who walks to the kitchen to set down the tray she has been carrying.
“To …?” Sherlock began, not really knowing what to say. To their relationship that could last longer than the end of September… Much longer. To staying together. Was that too much after just a month?
"He was my commander, as I already told you, but," John takes a deep breath. "I admired him. I always have. Not just physically, but many of us did. He was strong, especially personality wise, never let anyone put obstacles in his way. He was sort of unapproachable but never unjust, and I suppose that's why everyone liked him." John stopped for a moment.
"––AND!" He was practically bursting with whatever he was about to say. He pulled up a device that looked a lot like a–– "I'VE GOT YOU TWO ON THIS VIDEO CAMERA!"
John laughed at the spectacle as a few guys actually fled to the toilets. “Now I know why Bill dragged me here.”
Sherlock smiled and turned around, his limbs heavy and his eyes blinking drowsily. “Sleeping for a hundred years must have made you hungry.”
“Tachycardia,” John answered as he rummaged through the medical bag, looking for liquid aspirin. He reached for another syringe, tore the package open and prepared the injection into the IV.
The perfectly round curve of his bum would stick with Sherlock for an indefinite period of time; he was sure of that. Just the thought of it made his breathing laborious, and a tingling sensation ran through his chest. The air in the room became too thick and the temperature too hot. His cheeks flushed pink, and before he knew it, his pants felt a little tighter than they should.
“John …” Sherlock’s voice was weak and strained when he opened his eyes again. Everything was moving too quickly and he couldn’t make out a single thing in the room. John was merely a silhouette.
Sherlock accomplished the task with a little support from John’s hand on his back. John pulled the shirt over his head and removed him from the drip for a moment to get the soaked piece of garment off of him. Wiping Sherlock’s damp chest, back and neck with the cloth, Sherlock closed his eyes to welcome the wonderful cool feeling on his skin. John dried him off and dressed him in the clean shirt.
He barely cares about his own release, though, and immediately tightens his grip on Sherlock’s cock, stroking him forcefully, watching how he responds to it. “Jo– John, hnngg, ahh!” Sherlock groans against his good shoulder. “Like that, yes, like that. Like that …”
“My grandma is in the kitchen,” Sherlock told him and led the way once John had taken off his shoes.
. Jesus, Sherlock." He cupped his face in his hands and pulled him into a kiss, so deep and so sensual that he hoped it would convey how wrong that was. "I wanted you for so long– and so much, you have no idea." His thumbs brushed over his prominent cheekbones.
“Another bomb, possibly. I’m not sure. We’ll have to wait,” a shiver ran through him, “… until we get a message."
Sherlock closes the space between them until they are mere inches apart. John looks up at him. “You may not the be who people think you are, but I’m quite certain you’re the man
It takes a while for John to realise that this must be Sherlock in the kitchen, preparing breakfast.
“I can’t remember what happened,” John answers, but hearing this has lifted a weight from his chest.
Sherlock gave him a small smile and hoped it would convey his gratitude. Nobody had ever been as accepting on this topic as John. He never liked trusting his gut instinct, but this time, something had told him John wouldn't mock him for being open about it, despite the short time of knowing each other.
Sherlock wondered how John put up with them sometimes. It was funny to a certain extent, but eventually, it got more than annoying; and slowly, they seemed to get on his nerves, too. Mostly ignoring the following verbal exchange between John and his friends, he walked silently with them.
It must have been something that bothered John a lot. He hadn’t witnessed a situation like this with him before.
John laughed heartily and snuggled closer, burying his nose in Sherlock’s hair. “I love you,” he whispered and Sherlock’s smile widened as he leant back into John, the feeling of joy and pure happiness almost overwhelming him.
He could hear the wild heartbeat sounding as though it was pounding so hard it was about to jump out of John’s chest.
The next thing he felt were John's hands on his skin, fingers carefully pressing and probing at certain places and massaging the wearied muscles. His brow wrinkled when John hit overly sensitive parts, but it definitely helped a lot, loosening what felt like tight knots that had tormented him for what seemed to last an eternity.
Sherlock laughed at that and kissed back, drowning in the sensation for a few more minutes before they left the welcoming warmth and intimacy the bed provided.
“Shame,” the man sighed and palmed it before he pocketed it again. “I’ll be around if you change your mind,” he said with a wink.
As usual, the detective looks out of the window – onto the now silent street below – only illuminated by a few lampposts. He is clad in his blue silk dressing gown, swaying in rhythm with the music. His bare feet keep moving to the left and to the right; left and right. John briefly worries he might be cold.
He just didn’t know what he was in for. What was expected of him; and that was what he was nervous about.
He somehow managed to make it good for both of them. Or at least acceptable. One shouldn’t overplay it. Mary had curled up at his side afterwards and kissed him with a sleepy smile, not saying anything.
"Shhh." Her neck was already wet, but she held him until he calmed down. She had always done that, always been patient, always waited, always been there when he needed her, always been there and held him when he was crying. The fact that he had grown up didn't change anything. She probably still saw her little boy inside him somewhere, and right now, that boy was sitting on her lap.
John looked up at him – his pupils blown wide, his cheeks rosy, his hair ruffled – and apologised immediately. "I know, I'm sorry. I didn't want to progress this far this quickly. We can stop, it's no problem." He rolled off of him and brought a bit of space between them. Not too much, just a bit of space to breathe, to regain control.
“I love you,” he whispered, his eyes opening for the briefest of moments, to see the little wrinkles around John’s eyes appear as his lips curled upward.
Sherlock’s eyes don’t leave his for a long moment, but he gives in. “All right,” he answers, “but only if you calm down. All this agitation isn’t good for you.”
Sherlock’s body was trembling with pleasure. His imagination had ever come remotely close to this. This was indescribable, unimaginable if you hadn’t experienced it.
John nodded and leant forward to kiss him softly, carding a warm hand through Sherlock’s tousled hair as if to apologise once more. Pulling back just a moment later, very much to Sherlock’s disappointment and disapproval, John huffed a soft burst of laughter. “You’re sticky. Let me just pop into the bathroom."
“I should have aimed better, but then, we can’t have everything. Besides, this is much better than murder in cold blood, isn’t it?” She asks, seriously contemplating it. “Your wife wouldn’t have missed, I suppose. She did a
The detective nodded. They went to get their coats and said goodbye to Greg and Molly quickly as John always insisted on being polite. The cab ride home was emotionally charged. Sherlock was very tense and gazed out of the window without ever turning his head or looking at John. His hands were sweaty and the closer the came to 221B the more nervous and apprehensive he became. He felt so many things at once; it almost felt like they’d tried to break out of the prison in which he’d locked them up a long time ago and now they wanted to get the best of him.
"Come on, don't tell me your skills have failed to send him to heaven," Bill chuckled, his eyes wrinkling as he smiled.
He never expected it could be this nice; gentle touches like these, kisses, hugs, arms around his body, hushed words, whispers in the dark, breaths on his flushed face. All of those gestures made him feel warm inside.
“You should’ve thought of that before you brought him home,” Sherlock said, totally amazed by how adorable the little dog was. “Does he have a name yet?”
“Shut up!“ Sherlock snarled, preparing his counterblow. He had to incapacitate him somehow. He had to help John. They had to get away. As quickly as possible.
And so Sherlock found himself in the haste of preparing for a date with John Watson a couple of days later.
John’s smile was sleepy and his cheeks slightly rosy. His ruffled hair and the little wrinkles around his eyes when his lips curled upwards made Sherlock smile, too.
Sherlock would climb into bed after conducting an experiment or coming back to the real world after retreating to his mind palace for several hours, trying to solve their current case. He would snuggle into John’s sleeping figure in the middle of the night. In the morning, he would wake up with John’s arms wrapped around his torso, just like he did a few days ago. John might press lazy kisses to the back of his neck or trace the lines on his chest once he was awake. Sherlock would turn around and kiss him. God, he would kiss him all the time if only John would let him.
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment. The engine in his head was rattling, almost tearing itself into pieces. They were so close to something so promising and so overwhelming, it all depended on him now. God, how did he want it… He could still feel John’s warm hand on his waist while they danced and completely forgot the other people, totally lost in the music and each other. There was just one answer to the question even though not knowing what the outcome of this moment was going to be was frightening.
John's eyebrows rose at that, so Sherlock explained, "It started with the shirt you're wearing. It's from secondary school, which you left years ago. If I were to guess, I'd say three or four. There are lots of patches on it, meaning it was darned several times. The colours are bleached, too. This could mean either you love this shirt a lot, or you couldn't afford to buy a new one, possibly both. Hence you kept it and still use it. You're most likely in uni now.
He wondered if it always hurt this much. Fighting. Arguing. Taking the other person’s heart in one’s hand and squeezing.
“My mother would like to see me go there. I don’t care, to be honest,” Sherlock explained. “I can study Chemistry anywhere. I don’t need professional lecturers from an elite university.”
»I am, and I do want it. Over the years, my skills might have become a little rusty, but I am not an inexperienced virgin,« Sherlock countered and captured John’s mouth once more.
The way to the beach seemed endless, but he helped John as best he could, moving them forward with his other leg. It felt as though someone had put a heavy weight on him, grabbing him tightly by the calf, digging daggers into his flesh and pulling him down into the abyss of the sea.
“Yeah, I think we established that the day I moved in with you,” John answers, intending to make it sound funny and failing at it.
It was over so quickly Sherlock still had trouble believing it. The police officers thanked both of them and praised their courage after they answered a few of their questions.  Then they took off with the guy.
Nervousness floods his entire body. It's more than the adrenaline kicks he keeps searching. This is more than unsettling. They start bickering. Why doesn't Sherlock know how to defuse a bloody bomb? Sherlock points out that he was a soldier, which is never let unmentioned. It's not helping now.
Almost all his thoughts sounded wrong when he voiced them so far, but he has never been particularly good at this.
They went about their daily routine and after another sulk on the sofa (»But why can’t you pick it up on your way back from wherever you’re going?«) and the promise of a little treat when Sherlock returned home, he gave in with a deep sigh.
“They are very protective, and they would do everything for their babies. Exactly what all of us would do for you, but they’re so much better at it than us.”
“There’s a giant spider on the bed, can’t you see it?” Sherlock whimpered, staring at a spot on the duvet. “It’s coming closer. This species can jump two metres at once. Please, John, take it away!” His voice shivered as he moved further away from the middle of the bed.
He took the tip between his lips and pressed open-mouthed kisses to it. John was already leaking. The fact that he managed to bring John into this state filled him with pride. He sneaked his tongue under the foreskin, another move that made John’s hips buck involuntarily, but Sherlock met his movements by pulling back in the right moment.
moments until Sherlock nudges him with his foot and groans. His cock is leaking onto his stomach, glistening in the dim light, dark and red and absolutely exquisite as it rests against his milk-white skin. It’s almost obscene.
John came back a few about ten minutes later, clearly needing time to come back to his senses and shake off the shock and daze the nightmare had caused. He climbed back into bed, pushing his duvet away a little and got comfortable beside Sherlock, resting his head on his shoulder and wrapping an arm around his middle.
With that, he cups John's face with his hands and seals their lips together. They're soft and full, and nothing like the dream version John has kept chasing. The kiss is salty and slow. John can barely move his lips. The sobs are paralysing him, but he does his best to return it the way he would if he weren't dying. He wraps his arms around Sherlock's thin frame, feeling for the first and last time. He's never felt so alive.
When they broke apart, Sherlock’s gaze fell on the window behind John, watching the little white flakes as they headed for the ground.
His fingertips scrape gently over Sherlock’s scalp and he elicits a gasp from Sherlock, taking the chance to catch his lower lip between his own and causing Sherlock's fingers to tighten in the fabric of John's shirt.
He was feeling thirsty, but he knew for sure he wouldn't make it anywhere with his entire body hurting the way it did. Besides, he was in someone else's bed and had no idea how he got here. Thinking about it was too painful, and the most appealing solution to all of this was closing his eyes and going back to sleep. It was still dark anyway. Falling back against the pillows, his arm hung down the side of the bed, and his hand brushed against a plastic bottle. He reached for it, took off the lid and drank eagerly before he set it down beside the bed where it stood and snuggled back under the duvet. He couldn't care less where he was and how he had got here, but he was grateful for whoever put him to bed because sleep was all he needed right now.
»Mummy and Daddy want you to be there, John wants you to spend Christmas with your family. Bloody hell,
He uses a scalpel to scrape loose the material imprinted on the floor. “I'll analyse this at Bart’s. Can you tell Molly I’m coming?”
Mrs Hudson replies enthusiastically. "He makes a wonderful father for the little one. She even started calling him Papa."
He inhales deeply and closes his eyes for a brief second. “When she died– God, I don’t even want to bring this up again.” But he has to. He has to tell him everything. He deserves to know.
»Tell me what you want,« John breathed and kissed back up to Sherlock’s mouth, brushing his lips ever so softly and Sherlock whined at the loss of the earlier passion he’d been kissed with.
He’d lit the fairy lights on the Christmas tree and a few other tea lights on the coffee table. There were two steaming cups of tea and a large plate of biscuits and Sherlock’s favourite self-made brownies.
"Well, of course he did!" Mrs Hudson says with another tut, leaning back in the chair, toying with her necklace. "Pretending to be all cold and unapproachable, but I've known him for aeons, and I know when that man is distraught and tries to hide it."
“Took me too long to figure out that I do,” Sherlock says. “You’re not the only idiot in that respect.”
He hears a soft clatter from the kitchen and follows the noise; the image unfolding in front of him is a rare one. Sherlock is washing up the mugs. He never does the washing-up. Sherlock hasn’t noticed him yet, apparently deep in thought.
“John…” He managed to open his eyes and locked eyes with him Reaching for John’s face with both hands, he kissed him fiercely, aligning their bodies from head to toe. They both groaned at the contact. Their erections were touching at the base.
The end of the month approached with huge steps, making way for the golden month of the summer. August. The biggest highlight of the month in the small town with the long beach and the small harbour was the so-called "Harbour Days": a little festival with live music, playing folk songs and the good old German Schlager that people both hated and loved. They always played those songs at public festivals that were meant for every generation because apparently, the youth could endure it for a weekend, and the rest would have the chance to feel young again. Sherlock laughed at the thought.
Does he really know what it entails? He has been taking care of her while John was in hospital, but raising a child isn't something one dabbles in. It's more than changing nappies and getting up in the middle of the night. More than feeding and bathing, holding and cuddling. One has to devote one's life to raising a child, and Sherlock's lifestyle and job aren’t the best prerequisites. But then, neither are his own.
The night ends with Sherlock's attempts to explain how he survived the fall, and as much as he wants to know
He doesn’t know what else to say. He could say I’m sorry again, but it wouldn’t make a difference. When Sherlock is upset, he never replies. He usually shuts himself in his room or plays the violin.
He hurried to move away from the door, but when he heard John call out his name once more, he froze in fear.
It was harder because the water left him unable to move swiftly to get to the ball in time and he also couldn't bend his knees the way he would have had to in order to play properly, but after a little while, he grew accustomed to the impediment.
There is a shot. Then another. Flying through the air without resistance. John's heart is racing faster than he can run. He closes his eyes and ignores the pain, the dull ache inside him. His legs are wobbly, but he keeps going. A third loud boom reaches his ears, numbing him, deafening him. His pace falters.
“You wanna watch a film?” John asked from the kitchen, peeking around the corner while the kettle started to boil.
Sherlock was speechless for a moment. John’s grandfather had very deft manual skills. The figurines looked excellent. »They’re … they’re manufactured with utmost precision.«
»Why are you behaving like Ebenezer Scrooge for God’s sake!« Sherlock was furious now. Lunging, he slammed his hand on the table, forcing Mycroft to look up at him.
He inhaled deeply before he continued. "I dreamt we were at my place. I don't even know why. I don't think my mum knows about me being bisexual. I never told her and I don't think Harry did either. Both my parents were there, and Harry, too, which didn't make sense at all, but …" He cleared his throat. "I was holding your hand all the time. I told them about you and … my father lost it. My mum didn't even say anything. The only one who stood by me was Harry. I said I didn't care if they liked it or not and that it shouldn't make any difference who I was with when I'm happy."
He felt hands grabbing him under his arms and the hollow of his knee, a few rocking movements and heard more curses until the cool and fresh air surrounded him. When he opened his eyes, everything was a blur. He could only make out dark outlines of a few familiar faces.
Winning a person back is never easy. Not when you have hurt them, not when they have threatened to fall apart with you only being able to stand by and watch. It’s difficult, and you need a lot of patience – but, God, how worth everything has been in the end. They have lost each other, but found each other again, too.
“Idiot,” John chuckles and kisses him again before he rolls off of him to get up, pop into the bathroom and grab a towel. He cleans himself perfunctorily and returns to the bedroom, handing a wet cloth and a towel to Sherlock who makes quick work of it. Both land in the middle of the bathroom floor. ”You probably woke up the entire house,” is what John tells him as he gets back into bed.
and if John would sing to him now, Sherlock would listen gladly. He would always listen. It filled his heart with so much joy and overwhelming, burning passion he thought he might burst. The act of singing itself,
He locked eyes with Sherlock. “You doubted me hence I tried to show you how much this,” he gestured between the two of them, “means to me because it is everything to me.
John grinned and shot a glance at Sherlock who wished the ground would open and swallow him up. “Oma.”
“I do, yes,” John answered, not at all embarrassed or reserved about it. “And I really enjoyed tonight with you. In fact, if you hadn’t been there, I’d have left after five minutes.”
only for them to widen when the voice of a middle-aged woman addressed him. “Hallo, junger Mann! Unser Yoga-Kurs fängt gleich an. Also wenn Sie teilnehmen möchten, sind Sie herzlich willkommen, ansonsten benötigen wir den Platz­–“
He pecked his lips once more before he handed Sherlock one of the bags. »Now grab your coat and let’s leave.«
John’s hand wandered to his back, his thumb drawing small circles on his skin. His ever-present smile lingered on his lips. “Good morning.”
John watches the scene with a confused but amused expression. He walks over to the wall and has a look at it. The last time it was that full of papers and photographs and maps, they were investigating the bombings organised by Moriarty. He wants to turn and listen to the conversation Sherlock is having with the elderly couple, but it feels like an invasion of privacy. Instead, he takes in the familiarity of
"I watched you all play for a while yesterday. Mostly I was reading, but I also overheard bits of your conversation. You mentioned you were glad you came along after all, which indicates you weren't actually planning on coming here, meaning something or someone would've kept you at home and said thing or person is out of the picture now," Sherlock explained. "At some point, you rather forcefully proclaimed that ‘she can fuck right off' to quote your exact words. If she had left you because things weren't working out the way you were hoping for and you were expecting your ways to part eventually, you wouldn't have been as aggressive when talking about her, which told me she must have done something severe to provoke your anger. Cheating it is."
He tugs at Sherlock’s hair, earning him another long, drawn out moan. He can feel how close he is. His hips’ movements are frenzied now. It doesn’t take more than three, four, five strokes before warm release coats John’s fingers and Sherlock is groaning something that vaguely sounds like John’s name into his ear.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered and John helped him get up. Sherlock almost collapsed in John’s arms, but John’s grip was firm and steady. He sat down on the chair whilst John changed the sheets and put a new cover on the pillow as quickly as he could manage. Sherlock nearly dozed off on the hard item of furniture.
might be it. The moment that is going to turn both their lives around and make them into something incredible. Something good. Something great.
“I’m trying,” Sherlock murmured, rummaging through the bag and trying to decide. “There are …,” he started counting, “ten James Bond films in here.”
Later, when they cleaned the dishes, their fingers brushed when Sherlock handed John the plates. Every time they touched, a light electric jolt ran through Sherlock's body; like a flash lighting up his inside and filling his belly with a comfortable tingle. The feeling was addicting and frightening at the same time.
John’s hand moved up and down his back and eventually something extraordinary happened. He pulled him closer and folded another arm around him, embracing him tightly. Sherlock’s brain disconnected completely. He let himself be surrounded by John’s strong arms and pressed against John’s chest.
"Oh my God …," he breathes and runs a hand through his hair; he stares at the microscope but can't see anything. His eyes are empty and so is his head.
"So yeah, no lewd intentions on my part tonight," John smiled tiredly and took a sip of his whiskey. Sherlock didn't quite know how he was feeling about that. Relieved on one part yes, but the fact that he would have done so were he not too exhausted made his heart sting more painfully than he wanted to admit to himself.
He feels his orgasm approach with giant steps, but he wants something else despite how heavenly this feels.
Sherlock huffed a laugh, looking into his drink. “It was a strange feeling. At some point, all the people seemed to have vanished, and then …”
“I’d rather keep my arse for prospective future activities,” he teases, wiggling a little underneath John’s body.
“I didn’t see you much after Greg and I went to the dance floor. Mike said he left you at the bar and saw you head for the loos at some point. Later, you joined us and danced with us. I don’t know, you didn’t seem to be quite yourself. How should I explain … you just talked a lot, most of it was nonsense. I blamed the alcohol, really, because I think you had more than too much of that, judging from the way you staggered sometimes.”
John breathed out through his mouth and turned around to check if someone was watching them. Sherlock turned his head, too. Their place was slightly hidden from plain sight; there were only a few people who had gathered on the other side of the haven, and to their right, a group of youths was fooling around in the sand next to a family with a toddler. The marram grass gave them a bit of protection, so John came back around and raised his hand to Sherlock's jaw, cupping his cheek in a gentle gesture and sealed their lips together for a few brief moments.
