"Will you forget me, Dean?” He needed to know if he could bear the thought. But it meant being kinder to Dean. He should let go. For both their sakes.
“Cas,” Dean called before Castiel could close the door. Castiel paused his hand on the doorknob, feeling blue.
“I—I’m not really all that.” Castiel flushed in embarrassment. “I don’t even know why I’m here while everyone else is working on their dream.”
He planned to bolt, he shouldn't have gone there but Dean's handheld him back. He turned and Dean's there beside him with pain in his eyes. "Cas- do you hate me?"
“Yeah, I get it, but we’ll grab lunch first before we run amok around. Don’t be in a hurry to ditch me, Cas.”
A large shadow emerged from the trees bearing beastly red eyes. Castiel swallowed hard. Was this really happening? To him of all people…? But what was he to expect when he was out here on dangerous grounds? He knew better than to freak out but also knew pretending to be dead never worked on bears. He was gonna die. This was not part of that routine he was looking for.
“Interesting. Alright. You got yourself a deal. I will help you." He eyed him like a predator, "but afterward,
“To the infirmary. Let’s hope that’s the only wound you got from that catastrophe. What if you broke your neck?”
That’s when heard Sam shouting in distress. They’d never run two exchanged looks and then both bolted out of the door to the sound of Sam Winchester’s voice. They found him in the library standing away from the table and trapped by the pillar, pale as a ghost—and Cas and Dean saw a remnant of the memory that Sam was seeing—
“It’s okay. We’re gonna have a mock defense over land reform, but enough about that. Dean, you don’t look fine to me,” Sam didn’t look willing to let go of the topic yet. His younger brother shifted to his mother-hen tune and Dean had no choice but to palm his face. He couldn’t believe he was sweating so bad already by just setting up the laptop, “Is it still insomnia? Have you checked with your doctor yet?”
Still, it worries him about how to handle it in case it slipped to the others. Would they think differently of him and Dean? Would the school have a say about it? Unlike any other school, this was a dorm-type school which meant rules are to be followed at all times or it would mean expulsion. Unlike him too, Dean needed this school to support his family’s business. He couldn’t let Dean suffer that. Would that mean they—?
Dean turned—finds blue eyes walling him piercingly he nearly fell out of his chair as he blurted out—
“So, what’s your plan? It’s almost half-past two and Eileen’s on the way. You don’t want me hanging around for that so are we doing the divorce?”
“Shut up, do your job. That’s an order.” Dean slammed the car door shut after him and left the scene with all the sirens behind him. He checked his phone immediately and saw a text message from his roommate and replied fast. If he didn’t, he’d be bombarded with calls because that’s how they are. Adjusting himself on the chair, Dean Winchester drove out of the scene with a bad feeling of what’s to come up the following week.
They watch the sun sink into the horizon. Castiel glanced at Dean and wondered if he should tell him. Then again, there was also excitement in keeping it to himself first, just to assure himself it was something he could cherish.
“Dean!” Castiel ran after the truck too. He watched in horror as Dean fought with the thief in the moving truck. It was a crazy feat and if he could, he would’ve pulled Dean back and made him stay in his arms. The way Dean and the thief made hazardous steps as the truck swayed side to side that would give Castiel nightmares until his dying day.
“But you still came, right?” Castiel patted Dean’s left shoulder and squeezed tight. He didn’t expect Dean to be that hard on himself, at the same time he could easily see how he was making himself too vulnerable. Dean’s eyes transfixed somewhere on his lips, or chin and nothing Castiel did or say could stop him from doing it so he just let Dean do what he wanted. The kitchen was clean with the pie in the middle of the table when Dean started talking about his plan.
Castiel's mood would've changed if not for the fact the bed was empty. The door to the bathroom was open too, so grumpily, he allowed his body to move on its own solely because Dean's magnet was pulling him downstairs. Ungraciously, he threw his legs down the side of the bed, grabbed Dean's red shirt and then pulled it on himself without regard to finishing the buttons down as the shirt was really long for him. He yawned all the way down the stairs with Dean in mind and went to the only place in his house he knows Dean would be.
Dean's heart skipped a beat. There was warmth in his chest slowly spreading to his face and he thought himself an idiot for feeling that way. He's a doctor, he told himself, of course, he'd still care for his patient. So what were those stuff about 'affording his services'? He ogled at the doctor's profile. From Castiel's strong sharp jaw, top-class high cheekbones, long lashes and pointed nose, to his eyes housed with long lashes. No one's perfect, but this guy seriously caught his attention.
Until Eileen came around bearing with her a news for a hunt. They all looked at each other leaving her blinking from one to another. Then Jack explained they needed to look for a specific individual.
“Why what?” Castiel pressed. Dean stepped closer, invading his space. The odor of sulfur filled Castiel’s nose but he didn’t step back. The demon, spiteful as it looks, was still Dean and he longed to be near him. If only he had his grace to capture him again but for now…
“Yes.” Castiel replied, a little defiant. He could see the thoughts clearly forming in the handsome guy’s face, it was obvious he thought it ridiculous. Castiel was ready to defend himself when the guy beamed so suddenly that caught him off-guard.
The Alpha team leader stayed quiet for a moment before tapping on his ear radio piece as his men surround him for orders.
“Yeah, his family business is on horses, right? He’ll take over their farm after graduation is what I heard. I mean, we’re neighboring farms too.”
There was a big fuss inside the Head Quarters when Dean came out of his office. Clearly, there are things his team are more eager than little pep talks the way they were crowding the hallway, all staring open-mouthed at someone by the door. He broke the queue and watched her flaunt in the vicinity in sharp cut dress and three-inches heel. Dean’s brain buzzed. All the officers were entranced as they watched her glide before them, eyes catching the sparkle of her every step. She was quite different from the haggard lady Dean and his team had to rescue from the clutches of her ex-boyfriend. Dean’s lip itched as it reminded him of the bad cut. Cas was so angry about that. Had it only been less than a week?
Okay, so he was concerned for the cat, but imagine peeling the walls just to get it out? The amount of time spent, the effort and chaos?
“That’s right, Adam’s on guarding duty, huh? There’s a couple of students I heard were allowed to join them. I think there are a dozen volunteers in the greenhouses. Even Dean’s down there,”
From then on, he and Dean had cut out even parts and tied it well with a string. They were also taught what to do next after the prep work and curing which would take about a week before smoking it. Together, they brought the pieces back to the fridge and deposited it all securely inside.
Just as scheduled, his dairy farm classmates were with him in the smoking house, as well as other people he invited before the main event occurred. Nobody took their breakfast in the hall; all were waiting patiently right after sunrise. Castiel had been working really hard to this day.
“Of course, he is,” Dean responded at once with a slide of arm around Castiel’s neck, “Cas is already studying a storm for the success of this pizza picnic! He’s basically our pizza-man so don’t start doubting him now!”
“I think it would suit you if it’s something you love,” he said softly, just watching. He felt more than feel when Dean’s body sagged and knew that Dean was sad. “Dean?”
“You’re so hot,” Dean grinned, licking Castiel’s chin openly like some excited dog. Castiel kissed him, pulling him back in the routine. The demon groaned but Castiel noted how his eyes began swirling from green to black. He slowly kissed him back, rolling his hips while Dean’s hands struggled to be free from his clutch. He didn’t let go. He let Dean crave the grinding and rolling of their hips, made him cry for more contact as he kissed his jaw, mouth running on his exposed neck, taking the breath away from the demon when he sucked on its nipple. The same sound Dean would make if it was him.
“Dammit. Can’t really catch a break.” He whispered in conspiration to the angel, “Can you believe we just had a combat with god last month?”
And with that, Uncle Bobby closed the door of his truck to leave. “Are you sure you guys will be okay?”
“Yeah, you’re not wearing any safety gear, the hell are you going near that thing.” Dean tugged him back warily.
“He’s okay now, Cas, it’s alright.” Sam put an appeasing hand on the table with eyes too appealing to remain angry. Castiel believed this was what Dean called, “Sammy’s puppy eyes.” Someday soon, they will need a real puppy in this house.
“I— I was planning to confirm it on my own during club activities, but I can’t bring it up in the room with so many eyes like that. And it got me in shock too, alright?”
“Oh, if you have club activities, it’s alright to go ahead,” the sophomore said, “We only have like a dozen of them running around anyway. Only the two of you will do.”
“Guess there were a lot of things I could have said then and didn’t. I’m sorry, Cas. You deserved better than that, than what little I gave you before you died.” Dean grimaced, brows knitting together with guilt and pain at remembering it. But no, this wasn’t a time to dwell on the bad. He stood, feeling the need to move a little and get some of the nerves to stop giving him the tingling feeling in his fingertips and stomach. “You deserved better and I wanna make it up to you, say how I feel and just... get it out there in the open.”
He turned quickly, not seeming to see anything more than his shadow and the many shelves on the walls of the garage that were stacked full of tools. He could’ve sworn he saw something, something out of the corner of his eye that felt familiar. “Bobby? C’mon, man, stop messing around.” He frowned as he started to step round the side of the car, grabbing a wrench as he passed it. Was this it? Had something finally come to drag him away or put up a fight?
“Dean, you need to stop putting pressure on yourself.  No one else even need know about this just yet, it’s just us. Worry less about how it sounds and concentrate on getting it off your... chest. If that is the correct figure of speech. I know the words aren’t quite literally on your chest, they’re more accurately in your throat or on your tongue. But still, you understand what I mean.”
The photo was taken in several clicks and then Dean was back to all grumpy and rolling his eyes. Jack hands out the ice cream which Dean refused. The boy blinked, looked at his ice creams left and right, then smiled broader.
“No… umm, could you let go of my hand so I can feed her?” because Dean was still holding on to his wrist firmly. It burned on his skin like a mark.
“I bet you do,” Dean muttered, doubling a look back at the angel who blinked back. There’s that lengthy eye searching gazes before Dean inhales and glanced up at the serviceman again.
“I did. I remembered hiding in the closet every time my parents would have a row… I forgot about it eventually, but I never thought it would trigger me. They would always fight in the evening. It made my bedroom less than a refuge, it was hell… so I found comfort in the bathroom, but still…”
“Let’s stop it, Dean. All this deal behind each other. I get it. I’m sorry. I just want you in my arms…that’s all I’ll ever ask.” If his heart didn’t stop hurting, he hoped squeezing the air out of Dean would suffice. Dean’s arm slinked over Castiel’s own, but his voice was still gruff when he addressed the deity.
“Then it’s fine. If you want to really go home though, I thought my farm’s good enough? I was actually thinking it’s what you can call home now.”
“Well, seeing as we’re doing this… what do you think our relationship is? Are we more than friends? Or are we just…”
“What?” Dean called from deep the far end of the stall. He was busy enough and Castiel considered. If it was a tower, he was sure he’d notice it after a mile’s walk. He wasn’t really bothered by his parents, but he’d rest well tonight knowing he had sent them the message he had been postponing since yesterday.
Dean didn’t say anything when he ran his eyes on Castiel’s body but judging by the reddening tips of his ears, he liked what he saw. At least, Castiel hoped so. He did try to keep this body into something suitable for Dean’s taste. Unconsciously.
Dean was nice enough to just give him a smile and give him a gloved thumbs up. He got big hands, for sure. Then Castiel understood. He removed his hand from his face and inhaled the air around. The pungent smell was gone. The handyman had opened the back door to let the air in.
Dean did and saw Cas point at something on the counter. Roman dropped something there with his wallet together with his car keys. But as the staff zoomed the screen, it became more apparent as to what Castiel was pointing at.
Abaddon glanced behind her to her lawyer just as Dean took a step forward and took the evidence note inside the plastic bag. It was a parallel sign, an equal mark. Taking his phone out, he took a photo once and listened to the lawyer speak on behalf of his client.
“Really? Wow, I never really know anyone who’d be here if they’re not from a family that runs a farm. I didn’t even have to take the exam to get in. If you went here for a purpose, that must mean you have a certain dream, right?
“Did you not learn anything from heaven, Dean?” Castiel plucked up the courage and did it. He took one of Dean’s hands from his face and tugged it down so he could see Dean’s face better. He squeezed his hand in assurance, “All has been forgiven. Charlie even, she forgave you, forgave all of us. So, what is there to fret about when these memories only now serve as a guide never to do it again? Here in this second life?”
“But Cas,” Dean called as he returned the part of the meat inside the box, “You have to decide quickly what you want to do with it before it’s too late. And it’ll be gone.”
"As long as they keep the screening on binoculars off limits of my bedroom," Dean added looking thoroughly serious. Castiel bit his lips in embarrassment while Gabriel took a while before he could remove his eyes from his brother.  “Alright. I’d call your brother in Washington if I were you, Dean.”
Something fell on the floor with a thud. Dean stopped talking. The doctor had dropped his book and was now picking it up on the floor.
The doctor told him that the real success was once Dean was able to sleep on the bed without needing to be hypnotized. Most of the time, Castiel just lived on, if he wasn’t stuck with Dean, he was in his office doing god knows what for his own science. Dean only interrupted him once in the library when it was almost time for Dean’s afternoon practice of nap on the bed. Contrary to his fantasy, the doctor never touched him or made any untoward actions after their brief kisses. Dean wished the doctor would be more spontaneous.
“Really? But all the clubs here are sports clubs.” Inias replied. This had Castiel sighing. There are clubs to prioritize after all practical duties and cleaning duties too. Damn, labor school.
Castiel crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes at the wide landscape of nothing but white mountains and farms on the horizon. Unlike in the city, there was nothing in the sky that could shelter him from the smoldering heat. No buildings nor skyscrapers or overpasses and trains. Just him and the big blue upper roof—and a cow munching on dry grass on the side. If Castiel wasn’t here for his studies, he might as well be on a trip. But he wasn’t. It's been two days when he left home after graduation and transferred to the countryside. His application got accepted in the College of Agriculture and Life Science (CALS) in Kansas and he wasted no time coming. After settling down in his assigned dormitory room and meeting his two new roommates that night, Castiel woke up early to find that routine. He typically wakes up around seven so it's a start. It was his first day and he wanted to get accustomed to his new environment. At first there was the pathway, then the garden. Then forest? He walked and kept walking. An hour and a half later, after getting engrossed by the scene while thinking of his future, he realized he walked good miles away from the school gate (was there a huge forest between the buildings and the school gate?)
“Alright.” Castiel excused himself from the kitchen with a hidden smile on his lips. He checked on the delivery and was advised another fifteen minutes so he grabbed his laptop to the kitchen just to accompany Dean who had insisted something was wrong with his doorknob.
“Dean, you know it’s bound to happen soon…we have to live our own lives… and that may happen outside the Bunker.”
Dean faced the doorway and found himself face to face with a Gabriel. It created quite a ruckus in the department since someone was able to sneak in easily in their building without detection. The security was now working hard to keep the area safer.
“But it’s just a kiss. We did so much more in the barn. You can say that because you’re so patient.” Dean pouted, face too close to him that Castiel blushed.
"Will you really do that?" he asked softly. He was in front of Dean. He didn't remember exactly when his body had moved around the space, all he could think about was how much he wanted to reach Dean. Reach Dean he did and touched his cheek as tenderly as he could like the moment could break any moment. Dean leaned into his touch, wet eyelashes dipping down his dust of golden freckles. The sadness in his heart resonated with the angel who found himself unable to step away from Dean’s space, let alone let go of his distraught face. How could this man be happy with another…? Maybe he could, but it broke his heart.
“You’re taking stuff that is a pain in the butt. Just like that time with the pizza party and now Ham. You know, the rest of us from farming families never really thought about killing and eating livestock, you know? It was something we took for granted. But here you are, flailing around, thinking about it in our faces, being brutally sincere.”
beach there with a large cropped photo of a couple walking hand-by-hand on a white sandy beach with the caption of
“Is your requirement in the S.W.A.T being devastatingly handsome?” she wanted to know and judging by the glow on her face, Dean suspected his husband had scored another one. Who could blame the female folk when Cas looked like that?
“To our new students who successfully passed the dairy farming program, welcome to Kansas College of Agriculture, Life and Science,” Mr. Samuel Campbell, CALS’ school dean, boomed in a husky deep voice as he addressed the crowd, “In the next few years, you will be living together in the school’s residence to focus on hands-on experience in the field while studying essential subjects in the program. The school offers a variety of courses such as Agriculture Dairy Farming, Food Sciences, Agricultural Engineering and Forestry. The most selected program is, of course, Dairy Farming, which means we have a variety of livestock that needs tending into by rotation. We have cattle barns, we have horses, we have pig’s pens and poultry that need looking after with attention. You will be given a schedule to take care of the livestock on a morning-evening rotation. Remember to follow the guidelines if you don’t already know, we trust you to care for our livestock as you would care for anything dear to you—”
“I wouldn’t know,” Castiel replied coolly, “I could get rid of it if it was just on the floor but no, I need someone with expertise. I can pay a good amount for the time and trouble.”
Castiel breathed. “I don’t know how to relax. I’m trying to copy you but… I wouldn’t say you look like you’re pooping.”
“Because if you do that you know Dean wouldn’t stop cursing my name? He’s already cursing my brother, I’m sure I’ll hear twice the number of Hail Maries my way except for their hexes and wish for my death. You know how Dean can be annoying sometimes?”
Castiel was back to work the next morning and was in a very amicable mood for the entire week. This was pointed out to him by his coworkers and almost immediately asked
Soft laughter filled their table as they began to eat, sounds of utensils on plates, Dean falling in love with the steak and seafood while Sam enjoyed his salad. Even Castiel praised the bacon and toasted bread. Dean did not miss the cheesecake tropical salad he ate sinfully. Cas never touched his, only saying it tasted funny. But he did get into a conversation with Sam about the dangers of not wearing a life jacket, and that moving more in water actually makes you colder.
Dean was still angry. He was still hurting. He still didn’t want to even look at Castiel’s stupid face. But seeing the tape … he remembered why he’d given it to Cas. Remembered the day they’d all thought Cas was going to die. He might be furious at Castiel right now, but that didn’t mean he hadn’t meant it when he’d given it to him. “It's a gift,” he said, still not looking up, but holding the tape back out toward Castiel, “You keep those.”
Sam opened his mouth, but he wasn’t sure he knew how to answer that. He hadn’t seen his mom since they’d killed the Alpha Vampire, and although they’d kept in touch with occasional texts and phone calls – most of those going through Dean – he still didn’t know how to talk to her. She was his mom, and he loved her, he knew that, but still …
Sam knocked lightly on the door, and opened it when Cas called for him to come in. He had a book open on his desk, but he didn’t seem to have been really reading it.
Because … well, because this was Cas. This was different. This wasn’t some random girl at a bar. This was … his best friend. And it was scary and new and surprising – even though he realized now these feelings weren’t really new at all.
Dean’s heart stopped for a moment, “Naomi?” He asked, incredulous, “as in, the Naomi who tortured you and tried to make you kill me? That Naomi?”
Sam started at Dean, wide eyed. He’d spent so many years sighing and letting Dean take the wheel, following was easier than leading after all. He’d learned that fighting him hardly ever worked, but it astounded him that Dean seemed blinded to his own mistakes. Blinded to his own hypocrisy. As if Dean didn’t hold the blame for half the things they’d gone through.
Dean rolled his eyes, but he had a feeling Sam was right. There wasn’t much they could do at the moment, and it wouldn’t hurt to laugh a little. “Alright, fine, but why have me pick the movie?”
, but then the moment ended. “Try not to worry me like that again, ok?” Dean said casually, turning the touch into a brotherly pat and heading off to bed.
“You do!” Sam retorted, “He said he needed a win, right? That’s what he’s doing. You treat him like an idiot all the time, like he can’t do anything by himself. Maybe he just wants to show you, to show himself, that he can! He used to be one of heaven’s greatest warriors, but what has he been since he threw his lot in with us?”
Castiel had been carefully harboring his feelings for Dean Winchester for years. Always holding back, never wanting to cross a line. Dean was the kind of person who was stubborn in his heterosexuality, never allowing himself to imagine anything different, and although the human concept of gender didn’t entirely apply to angels, Castiel looked like a man. To Dean, he was a man. And until Dean could accept his capacity to love men, what Castiel wanted didn’t matter.
Castiel didn’t respond for a moment, while Dean struggled to find the right thing to say. He had just been so … lost. Then, to his surprise, Cas took his outstretched hand in both his own, and met his eyes with a slight smile. “Well, I guess I can’t exactly complain,” he said, “I’m back now, by … some miracle even I don’t understand.”
Sam and Dean arrived at the bunker; beat up, sore and tired. Which wasn’t unusual. They were perpetually beat up, sore, and tired. But it wasn’t every day they watched their best friend dissolve a Prince of Hell and then take off with the mother of Lucifer’s child.
“What’s up with Dean?” he asked, pouring himself a mug of coffee and sitting down across from Mary. “I walked past him in the hallway, and he didn’t even look at me.”
Dean would be angry, when he noticed it was missing. But he would forgive him, once he understood. He had to.
The bunker was, in a lot of ways, a dream come true to Mary Winchester. A never-ending supply of books on lore, hunting, history. A compendium of lost knowledge and the great heritage of hunters. But more than that it was a home for her boys. From what she heard they hadn’t ever had one of those, and she loved that she could see the little signs of their lives all around the bunker. The marks left on surfaces where the boys refused to use coasters, the scuff marks their boots left when they propped their feet up on tables and chairs, books with pages dog eared and marked up, leftover from previous hunts.
“Yeah, I guess,” Dean said, staring out at the road. He couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off. “It’s just – I don’t know, it felt really vague. What exactly is he doing?”
Dean turned around, but as he headed out of his room, he ran into Castiel. They stopped in the doorway, looking at each other, and Cas had a … troubled look on his face. “You ok, buddy?” Dean asked.
Maybe that was something Sam could brush off – maybe it was something Sam needed to brush off – but Dean couldn’t.
“I’m proud of you, Dean,” Cas said, which felt like the right thing for him to say, but also a weird thing to hear, but Dean took it anyway, “I hope this is the first step in you becoming more of your true self.”
“Right,” Sam said, reaching for his own phone, “I’ll call – I’ll call Jody and Donna and … everyone. Let them know to call us if they hear of anything.”
Castiel heaved a sigh, “we just lost the most powerful being in all of existence,” he looked at Dean, “do you think I’m ok?”
“What the HELL was he thinking?” Dean yelled for maybe the fortieth time, “I mean, as if lying to us and stealing from us wasn’t bad enough. ‘He did it for us,’” Dean repeated mockingly. “For
,” he gestured to the desolate forest around them. Everything looked dead or dying. Not in the ordinary, changing-of-the-seasons way, but as if something had sucked the life out of the air around them. “Hope,” he shook his head, “he was so certain we would see Mom and Jack again and …” he trailed off, then shot a glance at Cas, “well, we saw how that turned out for him.”
“You’re going to have to talk to him eventually,” Sam said, but Dean continued as if Sam hadn’t spoken.
Castiel shrugged, “There is no trace of whatever that lance was doing to me,” he said, “once Crowley broke it, it was like I’d never been stabbed.”
“Yeah, it was … pretty weird,” Sam conceded, “but right now we just have to find them and keep them safe. Cause Lucifer is back, somehow.”
“Cas,” Dean said seriously, “Just let it go. This is not a competition. You can’t do it on your own. You have to think about your partner too.”
It wasn’t a distraction, though, for Castiel it was a feeling he wanted to cherish while he was here because school days rarely last and everybody moves on. Castiel just wanted to be even closer. So, at the end of the club activities, when everyone else had left, Castiel was surprised to have Dean call him to the stables.
“I’m sorry?” Castiel tilted his head to one side. Dean was pressing a giveaway smile that told Castiel, his sneaky looks didn’t get unnoticed. His face turned hot, but the handyman changed the subject, and Castiel didn’t know if he was trying to make this less awkward, or he’s uninterested completely. Shaking his head, he turned his attention to the man’s words.
His back bounced off the soft mattress but Dean didn’t die. Castiel landed on top of him looking predatory and evil. Handsomely evil. When he kissed Dean again it set up fire all over his now prone body on the bed. The doctor didn’t grab anything on him yet unlike Dean’s usual partner who’d be thrashing his clothes by now. Doctor Novak seemed only intent on kissing his mouth away until it fell off. Dean had no problem with that. The way he moaned and chased after Castiel’s lips when Dr Novak pulled abruptly. Dean whined. But for all intent and purposes that he remembered he was lying on the bed. His spine tingle and that terror begin to surface. That’s also when Dr. Novak tipped his chin as he straddled him. His eyes were powerfully and electrifyingly blue. His voice too deep like an echo from the depths of the earth.
“If you don’t want your lunch, you can always give it to me.” Gavin said when half the class returned to find their lunch pack on the table. Watching the meat processing took about an hour and a half so they were excused in their first hour of practicum.
“It’s been a long day. You rest up too, you’re still healing from that nasty fight with Leviathans, okay? I’m gonna… find a way to bury myself somewhere. G’night, Cas.”
Dean gave him a towel after they cleaned the area, “Maybe because our class has a lot of students who will succeed in their family business.”
Dean propped up on Cas’ chest so their faces were close. He loved the way Cas loved him so and he responded by placing a light kiss on his lips. “Cas. You’re worse than my brother for being such a worrywart.”
“Castiel, did you say pizza!?” Gavin said excitedly. “Man, I’ve never had any pizza my entire life!”
Castiel felt Dean’s stare with much more intent than before. He wondered if it was something about the offer he wanted Castiel to consider. At the end of the morning bell with Mr. Henriksen being done with giving them homework, he suddenly said, “Novak? Can you come to the Guidance Office with me, please?”
“It’s delicious!” he exclaimed earnestly. Everything in the dining hall was already delicious to begin with but this was a whole level delicious. He handed the other drumstick to Inias while Dean leaned down his space and bit the same part that Castiel did. Castiel was too stunned to say anything, especially when Dean’s whole face turned right at him with his whole face sparkling like an excited child.
“No, really. They get scared of the tiniest creatures, even shiny things that could startle them. It proves just how delicate horses are.” They watch two horses still by the pit rubbing noses together, “They are very observant of people, see, and could understand human’s emotion aptly. They’re herbivores so they value their herd very much and get along with each other. I think you’ll really come to like them too, Cas.”
“I’m surprised you could think the way you are now. I don’t really care what people say. I don’t claim to be an angel. My reputation has precedes me before you came along. I don’t work for free and as merit stands, you can’t reach me.” The doctor glanced his way. It was only for a second, but the flicker behind the blue eyes was cold. It was as if cold water was washed upon Dean as he gazed back at those merciless eyes.
“Cas!” so Dean decided it was okay to run after him. Castiel increased his pace, his fist closed. “Cas, wait up—”
“Dean, I have to explain that there is no reason to be uncomfortable. Acknowledging and sharing these personal experiences is part of the process of understanding what you are currently going through. Do you remember what you told me? That you will trust me, don’t you?” Dr. Novak tapped his pen on the clipboard, waiting. Dean chewed on his bottom lip at the duration of the silence and then finally heaved a sigh.
He pulled the hem of Dean’s shirt to claw him back in, urge to take possession over something he thought he could never have. Dean held him so tight, it tore his heart to pieces realizing just how much they were both missing a lot of things for letting the world between them. But the taste of Dean’s lips on him and the sweet bitterness of his release, the edge he still found his body to be in,  and the only human allowed to make him feel so incomplete and fill him. Castiel will never forget how Dean was always his first in everything.
They responded and found a bomb squad van already waiting for them. The park was already evacuated with a group of authorities guarding the corners to warn civilians off. Castiel was in full gear the next time Dean saw him, ready for dispatch when Dean stepped in beside him.
"Stop moving, Dean!" Castiel growled as he pulled Dean into safety. He set him down as the S.W.A.T team surrounded them, one got Abaddon and escorted her to the entrance. Gabriel asking for reports to which other officers up there willingly give but it wasn’t over. Dean was still wrapped in the bomb jacket.
“I don’t understand, Dean wanted you to save me but you’re not here to take him?” Castiel worried for Dean every day and the number of reckless deals the man could make to save his loved ones, but this was too much, “Please, whatever he promised you—forget it. I don’t want to be saved!”
“Bring the towels and wear the flip-flops, you don’t want to return here with sandy feet, walk back out the sand and back here again just to get little stuff so better carry a bag or something. Sam? Where are you it’s past lunch!” Dean groaned because Samantha was nowhere in the living room which means he’s either fixing his hair or talking to Eileen which left him giving instructions in the air knowing that their celestial companion would hear him.
Dean couldn’t pinpoint the exact time he became mellow with each other until they were called in an emergency bomb threat. He and Castiel were driving downtown when the radio came. A box was left in the middle of a children’s park by a suspicious looking fellow caught in the street camera.
“The feedbox looks squeaky clean. They haven’t been fed yet, huh?” Gadreel pointed out. Castiel blinked, his thoughts already at the idea of grabbing the nearest feed when Dean stepped behind him and placed a hand on his lower back.
“Look Cas, I know I don’t always agree with you, I don’t always trust your gut but … it’s not because I think you’re stupid or because I don’t trust you.” He stood up, unable to sit still with his heart going the rate it was, “It’s because I can’t … I can’t live in a world without you. And it’s different than with Sam. When Sammy’s in trouble I will go to the ends of the earth to get him back, but with you gone ….” He swallowed, pausing in his pacing to look at Cas, who was watching him intently, “I saw you get killed by an angel blade, I saw your grace explode from your body, and it was like … the world stopped. Everything stopped. I didn’t know what to do …”
Sam sighed, but he’d been listening to this for too long to keep his mouth shut any longer, “Listen Dean, I know you don’t want to hear this, but sometimes you need to consider that … maybe you’re not always right. Maybe we don’t understand why Cas is acting the way he is, but maybe he knows something we don’t. Maybe what he’s doing makes perfect sense. You don’t have to call all shots, Dean.”
Sam looked at him levelly, “Yesterday, you basically flipped this table,” he said, “you weren’t exactly
It took him a second to process, but after a moment he looked at Cas, a little accusatory, “Wait so are you saying … you knew? For how long?”
Sam had just finished up cooking some dinner for himself when Dean wandered into the kitchen. He seemed distracted, glancing in the fridge without grabbing anything, perusing the cupboards, slamming them shut with more force than necessary.
Mary: “Since I’ve been back, I know I’ve been distant. Cold even. Leaving you, working with them…  I was trying to make things right. Just … from a distance. Because being here with you was too hard. … seeing what I’d done to you. To Sam. I …”
“Dean…” Cas began, but he wasn’t sure what he was going to say. Dean looked … defeated. Tired, in a way he only got after they’d lost something incredibly important. Cas was angry with Dean for hurting Jack, for blaming him for Cas’s death, but he also knew that Dean felt grief deeply, and when he hurt he hid behind anger.
“Oh yeah,” Sam said with a nod, then took a long drink of his coffee. “At first, I was a little jealous,” he admitted, “thought our new angel friend liked Dean better than me, trusted him more or whatever. But it’s not that.” He ran a hand through his hair, shaking out what remained of his bedhead, “Cas and I are friends. Good friends. But between him and Dean there’s…” he chuckled, “I hate to say it but ‘a more profound bond,’ is probably the best way to describe it.”
He finally found Cas next to the telescope at the back of the library. “Hey, Cas,” Dean said, approaching, “you uh … know that thing doesn’t work, right?”
There was more he wanted to say, but his steel walls of anger hadn’t completely fallen yet. He might understand Cas’s reasoning but that didn’t mean he could just forget it.  That didn’t mean he could just be okay with what had happened today. But still … he wanted to tell Cas that preparing for war couldn’t be the only reason he’d been brought back. If he wanted to believe in some destiny crap that was on him. But Dean didn’t need there to be a higher purpose for his return.  He didn’t need him to be a soldier.
“Right, and if he doesn’t find something?” Castiel asked, and Dean didn’t like the turn the conversation was taking, “If you run out of time; could
try to force them out of the closet. Most of the time it just shoves them farther in and does more damage than good.”
Dean had look away, but he turned his gaze back to Castiel. He looked determined, like an immovable stone, but Castiel held his gaze, looking past the defenses. He knew no matter how tough a face Dean Winchester put on; inside he was a good man. And a good man couldn’t kill an innocent woman and her child.
“What happened?” She couldn’t stop herself from asking, even though it almost felt like prying into a stranger’s life.
“Sam’s working on it,” Dean said, making eye contact with as much deliberation as he had used avoiding it this whole time, “Of course, he’s hellbent on finding something that doesn’t mean killing her or her kid.”
“He doesn’t have it on him,” Dean pointed out, gesturing to the table in the library, where Jack’s cellphone was, “but, I mean let’s face it, he’s no good at laying low. We’ll just have to keep an ear to the ground for any Nephilim-like phenomenon.”
“No, I mean …” Sam glanced around, making extra sure Dean was out of the room before moving quickly over to the couch to sit by Cas, “do you think, maybe, humans could be like that too? I mean … like, 8 different genders or something.”
And then Sam’s arms were around him, and he was crying into his brother’s shoulder. Kneeling in the dirt, next to the corpse of the angel he loved.
with somebody.” He shook his head, exasperated, “do you know how infuriating it’s been, to watch you constantly push away and belittle the one person in the world who loves you above everything? When I am just
Sam chuckled, “Well, yeah, that’s one of the good things that has changed in the last 30 years. I mean, it’s nowhere near perfect. Charlie had a ton of stories about discrimination, microaggressions, crap she had to deal with on a daily basis. But they can legally get married now. There are anti-discriminations laws being passed and general awareness and normalization is spreading. It’s getting better.”
So, the other, louder part of Cas said he needed to do the same. Asmodeus was a master of disguise so it was likely that Sam and Dean wouldn’t even notice he was missing. He wanted to believe that Dean could see through the façade, but he couldn’t bet on it. And if he was honest, he wasn’t sure if he wanted Dean’s help. It wasn’t Dean’s job to rescue everyone.
Cas took the tape, examining the title, and a soft smile came to his face, “Thank you,” he said, meeting Dean’s eyes.
Cas turned to stare at the telescope again, and Dean struggled to find something to say. He glanced around them, at the various people perusing the library, then cleared his throat. “Hey, Cas, you – uh, you wanna go for a drive?”
“And we’re sure this is Cas?” Sam asked, worry creasing his brow. “I mean, I don’t even know how that’s possible –”
“Cas,” Dean said, stopping him. He knew he wasn’t actually angry. It was like after Billie all over again. He was worried so he acted angry, he put Cas down and pushed him away.  “You can’t… With everything that’s going on, you can’t just go dark like that.” Hearing Cas say that he’d received Dean’s messages, that he knew Dean was calling him, that Dean needed him, and he hadn’t bothered to respond… it hurt more than Dean liked to admit. But all that time not hearing from Cas, not knowing what he had gotten himself into, or if he was even still alive? That hurt worse. “We didn’t know what happened to you. We were worried. That’s not okay.”
“I heard your prayer,” Cas answered simply, and Dean remembered, years ago, when Cas had told him that a prayer didn’t have to be formally spoken; that angels could pick up on longing, even if the person wasn’t aware of it in themselves.
that you feel you need to pay for your past wrongs or whatever, and yes. What happened to Lily, what
“Huh, well,” memories of them – Jessica, Amelia, even Ruby – flashed through his mind, but he shook his head, “none of them have happy endings. Maybe … stories for another time.”  Another name passed through his mind, but he didn’t have a story to tell about her yet. He was just at the beginning of that story, but he hoped it would have a happier ending than the rest did.
Castiel (to Donatello): I’m sorry, but I’m not going to let you, or anyone hurt the people I love. Not again.
“’Don’t approve?’” Dean retorted, “Cas, we’re supposed to be the good guys. We told Donatello he’d be ok, that he could go home after this!”
Sam didn’t respond as Dean slammed the door behind him. Conversations he’d had with Charlie, his mom, Cas … everything they’d said about letting Dean open up first, not pushing him to admit anything – he knew that he’d done the opposite. He shouldn’t have provoked Dean like that. It was stupid and immature, but he was just so … tired. Tired of loosing everyone. Tired of fighting. He knew he’d be ok in a few days, but …
?” Castiel asked, gesturing between the two of them with the hand that still held the cassette tape.
Cas glanced at Sam, then turned to Dean, “No, we were just discussing the deeper themes about humanities’ struggles explored in this last movie. I’m excited to see what we can learn from the next one.” Cas looked back at Sam, who nodded in appreciation. He understood that Cas wanted to finish that conversation, but he was glad that Cas understood that he wasn’t ready for Dean to know. Not yet. Maybe not ever.
He met Castiel’s piercing blue eyes and tried to think of the right thing to say. He wanted to try and be smooth and romantic, but who was he kidding? He had never been any good at romance. It wasn’t in his bones. “So … with that being said,” he began, “I … I’ve realized that –” How did he say this and still sound sincere without sounding cheesy? Cas was just sitting there, waiting for him to finish this stupid sentence and …
Cas opened his mouth to react, but Dean just kept going, “and the truth is, my whole life makes so much more sense when I think about it this way. Like, guys are hot, girls are hot, everybody is really effing hot. Like …” he really didn’t know how to articulate what he was feeling, but he knew it was true. He’d been in denial for a long time, but his whole life he’d been attracted to people of multiple genders. It wasn’t just Cas that confused him – although his feelings about Cas ran far deeper than any passing attraction he had had. “So … I guess I’m … bi?” he said, and it felt … oddly anticlimactic. He had expected saying it out loud to feel different, but it just felt … normal.
Cas seemed amused by Dean’s incredulousness, “I didn’t want to bring it up until you were… ready,” he said, “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
“So did I,” Cas said, sounding incredibly tired, “But I guess we were … misled. Anyway, it doesn’t matter, the angels can’t help us.”
His eyes found their way back to Dean’s pillow, where the colt lay, unguarded. He almost hated that it had worked. He hadn’t been sure how to get Dean out of his room, but he knew that he needed the colt for the ambush he was planning with the other angels.
CASTIEL: Nothing. I took it. …  This is the only way we win, and this is the only way we survive. It’s like you said, Dean. Whatever it takes.
Dean felt like there was some other layer to what Cas was saying, but he couldn’t make himself figure out what it was. His stomach had suddenly started turning; now that he was standing face to face with Cas, actually having the conversation he had been planning seemed unthinkable. “I don’t … I really don’t know Cas,” he said with a small laugh, scratching the back of his head.
“Oh,” Cas said, taking it back. He took a breath, and for a moment Dean thought he was going to say something. But then he turned to leave.
He was dead tired by the end of the week but it was just the beginning. If this was hardcore labor, he had to remind himself that there were academics too. Good thing it was an area he never lacked, so preparation was less physically tiring. Something he couldn’t say was true for one of his classmates.
After long arduous class hour, the usual team met up in front of the dorms to head to their last duties that day. Castiel found Dean by the corner and immediately went to his side. It was so natural, it didn’t feel like anything changed.
Castiel grimaced. “No. I’ve been told I consume almost all alcohol in the vicinity to the point of monopoly and um… well, no one wants their drinks be taken by other guys right.”
“A little. There’s just too much to do in one day. Aside from the daily duties, practicum then a club,” Castiel sighed.
“I don’t see any problem with it, I think that’s also your biggest charm,” Dean smiled down at him and if Castiel wasn’t blushing, it must be the sun reflecting on his face, “My father said I shouldn’t get attached to animals before too, and for as long as I remember, that’s how it’s been for us. Because it makes things easy. But as I have told you before, you never run away from those. You always look at challenges with eyes forward, even though you know you’d be hurt. That's the kind of honesty other people may seem complicated, but for you, it’s a way of life. I like that about you. I also think about when my dad said big boys shouldn’t cry anymore, but I think that’s also not good. Adults or not, big boys or not, crying shouldn’t be controlled. When you’re hurt, just cry. So go ahead, there’s no better place to do it than with my body, right?”
"You're lucky you held on the rope! The crash was shorter because the impact was lessened by the horse!" said Dean's husky voice. "Are you sure you're okay?"
Dean cursed again and removed his head gear. “If I’d known they were gonna let him slip away, I’d have chased him instead of the older brother.”
“That’s the guy named Dick Cartwright. He used the stairwell undetected and headed to the service room coming out into the hallway and room 45A, North.” Dean nodded while the feed was playing.
“It’s only a couple of drives away down south. It won’t be a hassle if we reserved rooms early with credit cards. It’s time to reward ourselves after all the crap we’ve been through.”
“Seriously, Cas, that was not funny,” the hunter said, rubbing large hot thumb over the angel’s entrance, blowing at the pucker, leaving Castiel impatient and flustered.
With squinted eyes, Castiel looked at Dean patiently and with growing curiosity. The sandwich, as usual, was more than he could chew. Melted cheese dripped on the corner of the bread, pieces of crunchy bacon fell down the steel table, yet Dean showed no sign of stopping. He gobbled everything in microseconds and if he wasn’t careful, he might just end up—
“Oh, they’re so cute!” wailed the girls as they gathered near the pen to pet the tiny souls. “I want to keep one if they stay that size forever!”
“W-wait—” Castiel mumbled through the kiss reaching to grip Dean’s shoulder and pushed him back. The blaze on Dean’s predatory look only ignited more.
“She is wonderful, Dean,” he said after careful contemplation. “Oh, boy, I guess this is where going to fight about under one roof,” Castiel muttered to himself. Dean didn’t hear him but when he asked Dean to take a short break to enjoy Mrs. Butter’s prepared snack, Dean was only too happy to oblige.
Dean returned to his car after giving a short pep talk with Team A. He was in an underground parking lot when he noticed a paper clipped on his car’s windshield. Dean stiffened. He scanned the empty parking lot and checked on the CCTV pointed at his car. Taking the note, he saw a short scribble of one word:
But Castiel’s heart was still racing. He had never felt anything so... invigorating to the point of wanting to do it again. But at the same time, Dean's worried expression had him landing back on the scene. He knew exactly how that felt, to be worried for your special person. The night when the truck hit the concrete wall during their night patrol and Dean hurtling on the ground was still fresh on his mind. So when Dean came back, Castiel touched his hand and squeezed it tight.
“You don’t have to keep giving me stuff, I already owe you a lot,” Dean said, flushing as he cradled a dozen of red roses on his arms.
“Cas…” Dean pressed his lips thin, but Castiel didn’t budge either until the hunter was scratching the back of his head. “Fine. What do you wanna do?”
Dean entered him slowly, it was like being speared by the sun. Castiel bit his bottom lip as Dean pushed in slowly, both breathing heavily with eyes locking. Dean was big and he was getting bigger as he thrusted in. It was so pleasurable, so euphoric when Dean pulled and shoved inside him again. Castiel cried each thrust with Dean falling forward and wrapping him in his arms as he rolled his hips, backed out and hit that spot. It took one final push until Castiel, full from Dean’s cock, tightened the muscles and Dean swore before moving.
Steaming water sprinkled their heads— Dean howled in pain and Castiel knocked him with his elbow, colliding with Dean’s jaw. The demon roared in pain and kicked back, Castiel slid down the floor, water washing over him as Dean got the upper hand but not for long. When Dean raised his fist to knock him down, Castiel smacked a palm on his head in act of smiting but he didn't. InsInstead he knocked Dean back the wall in a flash of light, followed by flipping him against the shower tiles.
Dean looked down at the mixtape he’d set on the table in front of him. It wasn’t much, just some of his favorite Zeppelin songs. The thought of Castiel listening to some of these songs made Dean want to chuckle. He wouldn’t understand a lot of them. He could just imagine the concentrated, confused look on his stupid face. But … Dean wanted to give it to him. He felt like Cas deserved something like this. His music was like a little piece of himself.
“Oh.” Castiel wasn’t sure if he should feel touched or guilty. He knew the tape wasn’t just a tape to Dean. He opened his mouth to speak, to apologize, to try and explain himself… but nothing came. He glanced toward Dean’s pillow, where he knew the colt was hidden, but pushed the thought away and turned to leave.
“What about –” Castiel shook his head in frustration, “You’re talking about me and Dean, being ….” He searched for a term, “romantically involved,” he settled on, looking at Sam intently.
“Nothing,” Dean said, snatching the mixtape and hiding it beneath the table. “Just … thinking. Processing. Been quite a day.”
“It's a gift,” Dean said gruffly, picking the tape up and holding it back to him, although his eyes were still locked on the screen, “You keep those.”
“Right, yeah, that’s the problem,” Sam said, scratching the back of his neck in frustration. “I mean, I guess I was just hoping that maybe he’d said something to you that he hadn’t said to me. But … I don’t know Cas. I mean, well, how do you even feel about all of this?”
And the truth was, he had. He’d thought Asmodues’s calls had been too short, too methodical, too cold. But … he hadn’t wanted to push. His feelings about Cas were … getting complicated. Or maybe they always had been complicated and he’d just started to notice. Just started to admit it. And with Cas so recently back from death – he had been angry at Cas, stubbornly angry at him, right before he’d died. He was afraid that if he pried, if he accused Cas of anything, it would push them into an argument he didn’t want to have. Because what if he had been wrong, and nothing was off about the calls? What if he was just expecting Cas to care more than he actually did?
“Ok,” Mary said, sitting back after she had finished reading the page, “but you haven’t approached Dean about this? Ever?”
Sam looked up as Dean came into the room, grabbing something from the fridge. When Dean turned around Castiel had entered the small kitchen, and he looked like he had something to say. Dean took one look at him, then pushed past him to the table without a word. Castiel kept staring at him but Dean refused to look back. Sam glanced between the two of them, preparing himself for an argument, but they didn’t break the tension. Instead, Cas set his jaw stubbornly and left without a word.
She wanted to know them though, her boys. And the only way that was going to happen was through talking.
“You’re right about Crowley,” Cas answered after a sigh, “when he was human, he was a man, both physically and metaphysically, so when his soul became a demon, he retained that gender. No matter what body a soul possesses, the gender stays the same. However, angels were never human. These forms –“ He looked down at himself, still in his white shirt and slacks, “they’re completely unfamiliar to us. We don’t have the same binary idea of gender as most humans.”
Dean rolled his eyes, “Well, I’m ready now,” he said, “and you, sir, have a lot of missed time to make up for.”
Finally, the familiar black impala rolled into view, and after a small moment of disbelief, Dean pulled Castiel into a hug. “Welcome home, pal,” he said gruffly. And as Cas wrapped his own arms around Dean, he knew that he
Eight genders? This was starting to hurt Dean’s head. He hadn’t expected the answer to his question to be so … outside the way he thought of the world, “Wait so …  Jo … uh, Anael, she’s not … a
“Yeah, I figured,” Dean said. At first it had bothered him that Cas didn’t want their help on this, but he knew Cas would call them if he found anything. He was smart enough to not take this on by himself. “Here,” he held the mixtape out, unceremoniously, “something for the road.”
“Have you read the LAPD report on him? FBI red tagged him for 10 series of bombing in Miami and Florida. Same equipment, five patterns. Left package in 6 houses’ doorsteps in just a week between 8 hours of each explosion.”
Mr. Henricksen looked up at them with a no-nonsense attitude and asked, “Well, there are rumors involving the two of you. So, this really is more of confirmation first before we get to the other details.”
but that wasn’t the point. Remembering his younger brother, Dean quickly searched for his pocket for his cell phone.
Dean doesn’t bother telling Cas about aftercare, Castiel is on him cleaning him in seconds with his grace.
“I called the security as well to get the footage ready. Hey—get away from there!” his heart skipped a beat when Castiel dared to step forward and out of instinct, Dean held him back. The officer gave Dean a flat stare plus raise of eyebrows.
"I got you, beautiful," Dean whispered softly with sweaty face kissing on his cheeks, biting on his earlobes and sealing his mouth with encouraging kisses. Castiel had his eyes close, concentrating on breathing.  Dean's cock was large and solid inside him and he was hot. Castiel could only embrace Dean and bury his face on the crook of his neck when they changed paced. And Dean's voice, oh god, Castiel wanted to hear it every day.
“Must be nerves killing him, it’s the first time he and Eileen will have a true date,” Dean smirked. “Anyway, were you looking for me?”
Castiel pressed his lips. Dean turned to him the moment the class was allowed to explore the rest of the pigpen as Castiel didn’t leave the side of the nursing station.
“Nothing. I was just thinking how easy it is to find your face in a crowded place. It’s so pretty I can’t ignore it. It’s like I just sense when you’re around. Like an antenna.”
“She threw this awesome Thanksgiving party—you should’ve seen it—but you don’t do tasting stuff anymore, right? But like I said, she was awesome. A little off with the merciless cleaning,
Castiel’s chair shook and the computer table nearly tipped over. Dean was almost on his face as he was pressed behind by a bunch of their classmates.
Castiel's laughter could be heard in the hallway. In no time, the couple had found themselves locked in Dean's room. Castiel complimented Dean's neat room before placing himself at the edge of the bed where Dean stared at him, ready to pounce. Castiel smiled and tapped the space beside him, beckoning Dean to come closer.
Castiel grumbled all the way to the coffee machine. He was going to have his report handed to his client after lunch and he really needed to snap out of this. Quietly settling down the break room area, he pressed his thumb on the bridge of his nose when he heard his phone ring. He didn’t have the patience to read the screen, he put it straight over his ear.
“Anything I can help you with, Cas?” Dean offered, who was with him at the library after class. Dean wasn’t exactly reading but he said he’d love to accompany Cas on this pizza endeavor after their club activities. Castiel felt a little comforted that the guy was really looking after him. But since Dean is already asking…maybe he should try a little bit of honesty too.
“He’s legally your brother-in-law too.” Castiel pointed out but he and Dean were more than happy to leave the headquarters. Dean called Sam on the way back home and told him of the husband’s plan for a short villa vacation on their next day off. Sam was a willing participant. Castiel said he’d invite Gabriel later once the chaos in the department was done and dealt with. There was a news report that needed a tone down after all. Castiel was just glad Dean’s name was only mentioned in passing, it meant a safer and peaceful life for them again.
“Are we going to make cheese?” Castiel said with uncertainty as they peered through the window glasses of the room.
Castiel grabbed the scent spray from the cupboard hoping it would work as he sprayed around, but the horrid smell lingered amid the sweet flowery aroma. The nasty smell was all over the place. He went around the house trying to locate where the pungent smell was stronger. He noted that the atrocious dung smell lessened when he stepped in the living room so it wasn’t there, and the more he got nearer the kitchen, the more his olfactory got attacked. So the kitchen it was but look high and low, he still couldn’t find it. Checking his watch, Castiel cursed and considered taking a leave for the day, deciding against it and running up to his room to take a shower. He couldn’t afford to be late on a Monday.
Leaning on the railing of the short wooden steps, Castiel grunted all the way down the path while holding his injured side. He needed to get to his car, recuperate first and then… but if any demons come after him now…
To say that he was surprised was an understatement. He glanced at Dean who nodded at him, surprisingly still looking pissed but managed to give him a thumb up.
Dean cackled to himself remembering the faces of the college students when Castiel crushed the ball with bare hands.
Dean blinked at the wall of the locker, “I have a feeling you know the combination of the safety locker in the manager’s office.” Meg’s eyes gleamed.
“We’re really talking like this?” Castiel sighed, “It’s a tripwire. Judging from the tiny vial connected to it from the inside, it’s meant to create a tiny explosion. Like a flash bomb most likely.”
“You must have plenty of girlfriends, huh?” he accidentally said. He wished he could take it back because he was such an idiot, but the way Dean glanced at him was too pure.
“You’ve been chasing me for some time now.” Castiel noted as he deadpans, gear of his mind working to set up his counter. “And now you’re naked on my bed. Why?” Dean wriggled his ass on the mattress, flexing his arms at the back of his head comfortably.
Dean grabbed the car handle and stopped. What the hell was he thinking expecting someone like this guy to help him out? There are many more doctors who could help. Why must this one be the first one he approached with full of hope? He glared back at the doctor who had already lost interest in him. He was already staring out the other window with a blank look on his face. Dean wanted to grab him by the collar and punch him in the face—or maybe slap him. That kind of face was too pristine to be damaged, but a part of him wanted to try. But the way his hand was already trembling from the sudden movement had Dean blinking to himself. Exactly what was he here for? Will getting out of the car help him?
Dean stared at the algorithm running on his laptop, although his mind wouldn’t let him focus. He was so … angry. How could Cas do this? Would it really have hurt to at least call? Tell them where he was going, what his plan was? Then Dean would’ve been able to tell him what a stupid idea it was.
“What? I’m just wondering,” Dean said, taking a sip of his beer. He was, just wondering. It wasn’t like it mattered. It wasn’t.
Cas didn’t seem to be terribly phased that Dean had pulled away. “I’m still amazed that Jack even … remembered me at all,” he said.
DEAN: If I knew the world was safe? Hell, yeah. And you know why? 'Cause we freaking earned it, man.
“Yes, Dean. I’ve existed since the dawn of time; I’ve had many vessels. Not all of them were men,” Cas said, like he was explaining to a child that 2+2=4. But the thought had legitimately never crossed Dean’s mind. He’d always seen Cas as … well, a man.
his face, his body. Whatever vessels Cas had had before, this was the one Dean knew, and it was this version of Cas that he –
“No, I’m sorry,” Dean continued, “You should never have to look at that bitch again, let alone talk to her … try to work with her. After what she did to you –”
somehow.  Like he’d said too much, but somehow not enough. “I’d like a beer,” he said and pushed passed Castiel into the bunker hallway.
Dean chuckled, looking confused but pleased, “Alright then, lets get it started,” he said, and pressed play. Sam fought to hide a grin as he noticed Dean stretch his arms, and slowly lower them so that one rested on the back of the couch, directly behind Cas’s shoulders.
“No,” Dean responded, then hesitated as he processed her full question, “an angel? What? … I mean there was Anna but … how could you know about that? What? Why would you say that?” He was muttering almost to himself now, more than talking to her, and she thought she’d seen an extra wall of defenses suddenly appear around his already walled off emotions.
He took a deep breath, “So, Cas …” he said, “I’ve been thinking … a lot. About, y’know, my life … who I am … what I – what I want.” Oh God, this sounded so stupid. But he needed to say it. “You know, we got …  we got our family back and it seems like things might finally be more … settled and …” where was he going with this? What was he trying to say? Well, he knew what he was trying to say but … not how to get there.
