Dean took a step forward, his expression darkening with confusion. “Cas, what’re you talking about?” He didn’t understand. Why did Cas look so hurt? So
and--”
Cas bit his lower lip, afraid that he’d inadvertently told Dean to shut up. He tried to focus on the show so he could chime in with his own commentary and pick back up the conversation, but a new message popped up quickly.
“Lookin’ for something in particular, sugar?” The tent owner saunters over to Dean, her Southern accent thick and her top scandalously low. She’s stunningly pretty, and Dean’s eyes and smile light up out of a lifetime of habit. She responds in kind, dragging her eyes down, then back up Dean’s body. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were lookin’ for more than clothes.”
Dean quirked an eyebrow. “Kinda like green drinks.”
“Mornin’ Sunshine!” Dean croons at full volume, like he does every morning, because he’s kind of an asshole and secretly likes the way Cas scowls at Dean’s energy as he makes a cup of his terrible pumpkin spice coffee.
Still, as Dean finally closes his eyes, he allows himself a small, private wish. He hopes this will be the last time he falls asleep alone.
“You got Skype? A video call would be easier.”
Dean breathed a laugh and sauntered his way into the kitchen. He flicked another glance to Cas right before he started rummaging around, pulling open drawers and searching through shelves. “Can never find a bucket when you need it,” he muttered ‘to himself,’ even though there definitely weren’t any in the kitchen. And, purely by
Cas’ gaze was unimpressed. “Yes.” He pressed the apple into Dean’s hand and turned back to his own task. Dean made a face at his serious profile, but did as he was told.
But the kitchen light was on, and he could hear someone moving around in there. He frowned. Sam went to bed hours ago. Cas too, since he needed his beauty rest now that he was human. Jack was almost certainly engrossed in his newest Minecraft addiction.
of burger it is?”
together. Should have been together.” Her lower lip trembled.
Cas’ mouth twitched in a wry smirk. “Not all guys. But definitely guys with profile pictures of themselves holding up a fish like they’re every dating app cliche.”
Despite lust making him clumsy, Cas manages to work Dean out of his lower layers, leaving him standing in just his unbuttoned flannel. They share a small, affectionate smile across the distance between them. Cas’ eyes are electric blue, peeking up at him with smoldering heat simmering behind his lashes. Dean strokes Cas’ hair as Cas leans in and presses a soft kiss to Dean’s growing arousal. One kiss becomes two, then three, then a long, delicious string of kisses against the velvety skin of his cock. Dean sighs in contentment and remains still. Cas likes to do this, he knows. Taking his time, nuzzling at Dean, carefully tasting every inch of Dean’s length while he works him to hardness. It’s almost worshipful.
Offense generously sidestepped by Cas, Dean relaxed. “Sounds awful.”
good.
Dean broke out of his emotional constipation to level a glare at Sam. “We are
dance behind Dean’s eyes as Cas moans, deep and low in his chest, and Dean feels every vibration. He’s trying
Cas swallowed thickly. His soulmate had beautiful green eyes that crinkled deeply when he laughed. His soulmate built cars and baked bread and loved classic rock. His soulmate looked so soft and tender when he talked about his family. His soulmate was willing to learn how to sew from scratch to help out a friend.
a good person. You know that, right? I… You are good.” He needs to say it now, while pleasure and happiness can wrestle his discomfort and keep it down. He’s not sure when he’ll be strong enough to tell Cas what he needs to hear again.
Sam shrugs, going to the cutlery drawer for a butter knife.
By now, Castiel had accumulated a wardrobe of his own. The trench coat and suit hung in their closet. No doubt it would prove useful on a hunt if he needed to pose as FBI, but it wasn’t ideal for lounging around the bunker.
“I think it will take some time for the hurt we caused each other to heal. But yes. I think we’ll be good.”
"What, Cas?"
“Olani hoath ol.”
“When was this?” Castiel asked gently.
They stood there for a moment, smiling at each other and enjoying the mingling scents of omega and alpha joy. Dean felt almost high on it.
Cas looked extremely uncomfortable. He couldn’t meet Dean’s eyes as he muttered a quiet, “Yes.”
Sam was sure he saw Dean's eyes flash green and his features soften for a second. Cas reached out and held on to Dean's arm, looking up at the stranger in front of him.
“You smell good,” Sam said like the idea was baffling.
“Steal from you?”
“Well, if it
“I had no idea...about...you and Cas. I didn't realize what he was to you, so I-”
"Dean, don't do this. This isn't you, come on. You have to fight this."
Cas undressed with far less ceremony. Once he was down to just his boxers, he directed Dean to lie on the bed, face down.
“Guess he’s waiting on mine,” he mumbles, keeping his eyes on his hands.
Sam knew he should ask Dean about this first, make sure his theory was correct, but on the other hand, he wanted to know if Bobby thought the same thing was possible.
The two hunters and the ex-angel were in a booth in a corner near the door, having a few drinks. Dean was on his fifth beer in two hours, but his booze tolerance was higher than that of most alcoholics, so he felt fine. Sam was about the same; still completely able to function. Cas, on the other hand, was smashed. He was pretty fresh into human life, and he could no longer drink whole liquor stores. After a few beers and a shot of tequila Dean had ordered him, he was hammered.
“Great.” Sam muttered, already pulling out his demon blade and getting into a fight stance.
“Dean, I am so sorry. For everything.”
Magnus' smug grin was long gone, replaced with wide eyes as he stumbled backwards. Dean was quick though. He grabbed the man by the throat with his free hand and lifted him off the ground, before slamming him against the nearest wall. Sam heard a /crack/, and he wasn't sure if Dean had broken part of the wall, or Magnus' spine. Letting go of his neck, Dean grabbed him by his hair instead. Sam heard the brunet let out a pained grunt, followed by him choking as he tried to breath. Dean brought the first blade to his prey's neck, and slowly, without letting his intense eyes leave Magnus', pushed the blade through until it touched the wall. The dead body fell to the floor, bleeding out and leaving the hunter holding a dripping head.
"Not really. You can come in if you want."
“Could that affect pheromones?” he asked. “And heats?”
Cas must have heard him or caught his smell outside the door. Dean pushed his confusion and worry to the side for now. His need to take care of his omega was stronger. He opened the door and the rush of smell hit him hard, but all he felt was concern. Castiel didn’t smell
Sensing Dean was gonna argue, Sam interrupted him before he could.
After a few more minutes, Sam got up and said he had to go to the bathroom. He stumbled the first few steps before catching himself and walking to the door.
“Are you kidding me?” Dean asked, turning his head to face Cas. “I feel like I should buy you a freaking
He found himself enjoying the live music, joining in during the chorus. Cas seemed to like it too.
attraction, meaning they can fall in love and want a relationship and all that. Some don’t.”
“Shut up,” Dean said, but there was no fire behind it and he knew Charlie knew that. “So when an asexual omega goes into heat and they don’t release the same pheromones as another omega would, does that mean it would be normal for their mate not to be... you know, turned on around them?”
Dean nodded. Okay. Cas was all settled to rest for a bit, Sam was in his own room, that left Dean alone to drink himself into oblivion in the library and think about what he'd almost done back at the mansion, and what Cas had said. He turned to leave the room, his hand on the door knob before Cas caught him.
“Whoa, whoa. Sam found you? How?”
Dean was just arranging the pillows in a sort of upside-down U when Castiel came back, wearing sweats and a shirt this time. His hair was still damp and clung to his forehead as he looked around the room.
Dean appreciated Charlie’s discretion. Clearly, they were talking about Cas, but Dean didn’t want to share that info outright, and Charlie didn’t ask.
“I think we can manage that,” Castiel says. For the first time in a week, his smile isn’t guarded. He looks at Dean with all the warmth and love that had been there before.
It was a simple enough house. Two story, bushes lining the walkway, a few stairs leading up to the door. Nice, big windows, a patio. It looked like a family home, the type of place Sam used to think about living in.
“And I love you,” Cas says, still frowning. “Where is this going?”
It looked so different in the daylight. It smelt like his hunter, a mixture of booze, sweat and something purely Dean. Castiel scrutinized the room. Last night it had been too dark, and this morning...well, the room had been the last thing on his mind.
“Cas and I still aren’t having sex.”
“Is there anything else?” Cas asks.
“Looks that way.”
“Worse.”
Again, Dean feels guilt swell in his chest. He doesn’t want Castiel second-guessing every touch, every word. He wants their life exactly the way it was before, minus the sex. But things are never that simple, and this is the price he’s paying for not being honest from the start.
“Bouncing baby names dot com.”
Out of sheer frustration, Bobby hurled his journal across the room. It hit the wall hard with a satisfyingly loud bang. When Bobby finally calmed himself down enough to pick up the journal, he noticed a card on the floor beside it. Picking it up and turning it over, the ball-caped man noticed a phone number on the back that he hadn't seen at first.. Thinking 'what the hell', Bobby decided to call and see if whoever it was could help. No one answered, but he left his number and a message telling them to call him back when they could. Not having any idea who he'd called, he'd been fairly vague, only saying that he was looking for a faith healer. He figured the number at least belonged to someone in the hunting community, he didn't really know anyone who wasn't.
“Put the gun down!” Sam yelled.
“Yeah, uh...the, uh...the guy my brother was...” Sam was going to say 'in love with', but Dean had never told Cas he loved him, and Sam figured his brother should be the one to tell the angel first, if Cas ever got his memories back. “My brother's boyfriend...” he finally said, though the words sounded strange to say out loud. “...betrayed him and lied to him, then something bad happened to him and...After that, Dean kind of went into a downward spiral. The last time I saw him was yesterday, he had barely eaten or slept in days, and was living off bourbon. The only one who can get him to eat anything is Bobby, he's a friend of ours who is over there now. Man, Cas sure did a number on him."  Sam mumbled the last bit to himself, but Castiel still heard it anyway.
By the time they are in their room, the door shut behind them, Dean can hardly feel his hands. He’s aware of Castiel kissing him, running his hands over his ribs and down his back, but it feels distant, like a memory or a dream. Just barely, he remembers to return the embrace, hands settling on Cas’s hips, his thumbs rubbing gentle circles there.
Nothing. Even the shuffling had stopped, but Dean knew Sam was in there, so he continued.
Dean shrugged.
He opened his eyes, searching out his prey. Through a red haze, he locked on target with the man in front of him and grinned. He /needed/ to kill him.
Dean handed Cas the bag of food to root through, while he pulled the sheets out. They were cool to the touch and so soft, Dean was kind of excited about sleeping in them. He’d never had the chance before to appreciate how nice heat sheets were, but they were specifically designed to stay comfortable and clean. The next time he or Cas caught the flu, he was putting these bad boys on the bed.
“I’m never gonna tell you to go, Cas,” Dean says. “Never.”
Castiel stopped and looked down the path leading through the heavily treed park. It was only about fifty yards to the other side and the car, but still, he couldn't seen anything through the trees, it was so dark in there.
When the next song started up, Dean didn't recognize it. It wasn't a classic rock song like what they had opened with, but he had to give the band credit for their diversity.
Dean pulled back so Cas could see his face.
"I know what I said. I remember saying it."
“Alright, Cas. You've got a lot of explaining to do. For starters, how the hell are you alive?”
“Sam, Dean is dealing with a lot right now. He's worried about you and how you're coping with Hell seeping through your noggin, we've got at least sixty leviathans on the lose, probably more, and we just lost Cas. That would make anyone seem 'a bit off'.”
“Okay.”
“I don't know Sam,” he finally said, looking up to meet his brother's frown. “I went with my gut and it felt right. I didn't trust Amy. Mind you, I've been having a hard time trusting anyone after Cas-”
Sam looked at his brother with genuine concern, something was definitely wrong. What was Dean keeping from him now?
“Umm....so...I...sorry, what?”
Dean glanced at Sam. Ever since him and Cas had become more than friends, he hadn't been able to get a good read on how his brother felt about it. There were times when he could tell Sam felt awkward around them, but Dean wasn't sure if it was just because Sam thought he was the third wheel, or if it was something else. The only time they had ever really talked about it was when Dean and Cas had first announced they were together, and Sam had just seemed surprised. Now he gave them their space, he booked two rooms for the night and he never made one joke about them. Which was great in some ways, but it left Dean wondering if his brother was just being accepting of him and Cas, or if he was uncomfortable and trying to keep his distance.
Out of all the odds and ends the Winchesters had stumbled upon in the bunker, an old Scrabble game was one of the most surprising. Dean was the one who found it. While he was doing an inventory on weapons, the dusty old box was discovered under piles of paper work. It made him snicker to think of all these serious, hoity toity men in suits with comb overs sitting down one day to play board games. That would be something funny to watch. 'Course, if their grandfather had been any indication, they probably would have been putting down words that the eldest Winchester had never even heard of. Maybe not as fun as he'd thought.
Dean saw Cas grinning at him. The hunter finished what was probably his eighth beer and set the empty bottle down.
Then Sam stuck his head in the door to see what was going on, and the alpha instinct to protect his omega hit Dean hard. He pushed Sam back before he realized what he was doing, aggressively removing his brother from the room
“Okay. Well, for one, I don’t want you to stop touching me.”
The grins that spread on both men's faces was nothing short of shit-eating. They locked eyes for a moment before leaning back in and meeting in the middle.
Castiel is still holding his hand, and like last night, Dean hopes that’s a good thing. He tries to take comfort in the memory of Cas saying he would not leave over this, but Dean has doubts. What if this is too big? Too much trust lost?
Dean saw Sam's questioning look, but shook his head. He wanted to keep that memory for himself. He sat back down on the couch.
“Then how could you betray him like that?” Sam's voice was loud and furious. Something akin to confusion showed on his face as he waited for the angel to respond. Castiel fought to stay calm.
"Yeah, Cas?"
“Sam did.”
"Shut up, Cas. Trust me, sleeping in shoes sucks. You'll be more comfortable this way."
Dean looked back up and met Sam's worried eyes. He hadn't meant to let that much slip. He took a long pull from his flask, grimacing at the strong, bitter taste. He felt the booze burn it's way down his throat, wishing it would help. Dean finally found his voice again.
for a moment.
"Hey, Sam you in there?"
“Gonna need to be in fewer clothes for that,” Dean said, a smile in his voice. “Can I...?” He drifted his hands down the omega’s sides until they rested on the waistband of his sweats.
That seemed to relax Castiel somewhat, but he was still looking at Dean curiously, waiting for the truth.
Dean froze. They’d never done that before. Hell, Dean had only ever shared showers after sex. It had always seemed too intimate to ask Castiel for that when they hadn’t done more than make out.
“Yeah, Cas, I was. I wasn't suicidal, but...I don't know.” He finally looked the angel in the eye. “Maybe some nights I slept with the safety off.”
Pulling away, Dean wiped the tears from his own face, taking a shaky breath. Every muscle in his body screamed him not to do what he was about to do. But Cas had asked him, so he was going to. He was going to help Cas end it.
“It’s fine, I get it,” he said. “When Jess went into heat, we had to specifically request a beta to deliver our takeout because I went all red-eyed on the first alpha who showed up with pizza.”
Sam made his way back downstairs slowly. Several times he almost turned around and went back to his brother, second guessing whether or not he should really be left alone while he was like this. Sam really didn't know what he brother was capable of in his current state. As a result, it took him a good ten minutes before he made it to the closest thing to a living room the cabin had. The Winchester flopped on the couch beside Bobby, a sigh punching out of him as he did. He had never felt so useless, there was absolutely nothing he could do to help Dean.
“Why don't you shut the hell up, you piece of shit?” Dean snapped back, his eyes still straining to watch Sam. He was pissed at practically working with a monster, and not even one of the good ones. The only reason he didn't put a bullet in the thing's head right now, was that they still needed him to tell them where the other hostages were being kept. Dean still didn't know why the thing was co-operating even this much. He hadn't asked for anything in return for the safe delivery of the people he was holding somewhere. Not even his own safety. Just that the brothers do exactly as he say for one final thing. Drive him all the way out to what was, as far as Dean was concerned, butt fuck nowhere. They were in the middle of a fucking desert for fuck sakes. What the hell was out here? Other than the van and a box, apparently.
Dean blushed, but he tried to remind himself it was normal. Even if it was dumb as hell and annoying for everyone to deal with his overly protective instincts. If he was like this around Sam, thank god there wasn’t anyone else in the bunker, especially another alpha.
Half an hour later, Cas was at least stable and resting. Dean was currently sitting in a chair he'd pulled up next to the bed, idly holding and rubbing the ex-angel's hand and starring absentmindedly at the bed.
Dean would have pulled away to look Cas in the eye, but he didn’t want to jostle him or take away the closeness Castiel was clearly enjoying.
"Cas, I'm not someone you should trust or waste time on. Everyone who has ever gotten close to me has wound up dead. Or worse."
“God, you smell incredible,” he murmured against Cas’s skin.
Dean had dropped the fork he’d forgotten was in his hand and pulled the angel into a hug. The weight that had been growing in his chest for days had lifted instantly, and Dean had been downright giddy.
“Do you want me to stop using scent blockers?” Castiel asked after a moment.
"Did you guys find anything?"
“But,” Castiel agreed. “You never allow me to do the same for you.”
“That's what I would have done.”
“I, uh... turns out we aren’t gonna need condoms.”
Matthew hesitated, it was clear he would really rather be talking to Bobby, but he figured he could tell Sam.
He didn't know when he laid down, or when exhaustion finally overruled anguish, but he eventually fell asleep, though through the night he was still plagued by dreams of his angel.
“Have you noticed that Dean seems a bit... I don't know, off? Like something's bothering him?”
Morning? Fuck, it was almost 7:00 pm now. Castiel had been dealing with this alone for that long?
Before Dean had found out that his angel was working with Crowley, they had been happy. There were still monsters everywhere, and Castiel's rebellion against Heaven, but they had found comfort in each other when they could. Whether it was cuddling on a bed to watch TV in some crappy motel while Sam wasn't around, or passionate moments spent in the back seat of the Impala when they needed each other. Even the simple, little things stood out in Dean's mind. Those meaningful looks sent his way by the angel, subtle touches of hands here and there, Dean missed all of that.
Silence. Sighing, Sam opened the door, hoping he wouldn't see something that would scar him for life.
With a new bed in place, Dean grabbed clean sheets from the linen closet at the end of the hall. Tomorrow he would go into town and pick up a waterproof mattress protector for Cas. But for now, he covered the bed with a fitted sheet, laid down some towels, and then put a second fitted sheet over that. Hopefully, it would be enough to save the mattress for tonight.
But by the time they hit day 3 and Castiel only seemed sicker, Dean was getting worried. The former angel had only emerged from his room once yesterday, and Dean only knew that because Sam had been in the kitchen when Cas came in and grabbed a handful of granola bars and a Gatorade.
Settling himself between Dean’s legs, Cas leaned forward to catch his mouth in a kiss. Dean eagerly accepted, parting his lips for Castiel’s questing tongue, moaning when it found its way inside.
Now Dean felt like the biggest idiot for an entirely new reason. Yes, he
"Should we head back?" He shouted over the noise.
Castiel thought for a moment. Now that he had permission, he wanted everything and didn’t know where to start. But he held his excitement for now. He didn’t want his eagerness to make Dean nervous. He knew Dean well enough to know that disappointing people, especially those he loved, was a major fear of his. And now he knew Dean had been acting the way he had in bed because he was scared his body, his desires, would disappoint Castiel.
“But-” Castiel says, saving Dean from his mental spiral. “I am truly exhausted, and I’ve missed you so much these last few days. Would it be alright if we continue this conversation tomorrow?”
“Very okay. But I would like to continue this in the shower.”
“Sammy, if you came here to talk to me about my 'feelings' again, I will punch you.”
“Is he still here?”
The scent lead down the hall to the dormitories. The tears tried harder to fall, but Dean held them back. Cas was fucking this omega in Dean’s room? The room he’d thought of as their room? The room he wanted Cas to stay in every night?
“I think we both need some time to think.”
“It's Enochian for 'love', okay?!” Dean snapped.
When Dean tries once again to sleep by burying his face in Castiel’s pillow, a sob punches out of him when he realizes the pillow doesn’t smell like Cas anymore.
“Oh. You’re referring to masturbation.”
Bobby could tell Cas was on the verge of crying, and it surprised him to see the angel, who was usually so controlled and stoic, become that emotional. For a split second he almost let up a little, but then he remembered seeing Dean the last time he checked on him. The younger hunter had been passed out on the bed upstairs, fully clothed, boots included, curled up under the angel's trench coat. His cheeks streaked and his eyes red and puffy, even in his sleep.
“He doesn't remember anything.”
“Look...about earlier-”
“Dunno. Too many.”
Then, it took a sudden and dizzying surge in the last week. Now, Dean felt like he was coming off the drop on a rollercoaster, and needed a moment to compose himself. He knows if he tried to speak, he’ll cry, so he just nods. Castiel, as always, understands and doesn’t press for more.
“I used to think my lack of interest in sex was because I was an angel. Desires of any kind were forbidden and foreign to me. I thought the desire for sex was something I would feel after I became human, like hunger or fatigue, but...”
“Do you know what you did to Dean when you stabbed him in the back like that and he found out you were working with Crowley? Or when you went dark side after taking in all those souls? I don't even know how badly he's holding up, because half of the time he's drunk, and the other half he's passed out or might as well be. He's a goddamn mess because of you Cas!”
He whipped around, momentarily lowering his blade back to his side, allowing the man from earlier to take in a full breath. He glared at the new man who had dared interrupt him. An inhuman snarl escaped his throat, and he abandoned his earlier target in favour of the new arrival.
"Sam?"
Dean had to really resist the urge to pull over and kick Sam out of the car. The cabin was still a good fifty miles or so away, it would be interesting to see how fast his brother could make it back.
Dean knows he has to return the favour, but his numb fingers struggle with the button on Cas’s pants. When he finally gets it, Cas is insistently pulling on his t-shirt until Dean raises his arms and allows the shirt to be pulled off his body.
Cas set his half-eaten sandwich back on the plate. He was tense, and he could hardly meet Dean’s eyes as he spoke. Dean thought Cas looked embarrassed.
“You fucking better,” Dean said, his voice so wrecked it sent Castiel hurtling closer to his own edge.
The man in question nodded vigorously.
Castiel sounds somewhere between panic and anger, and Dean doesn’t know how to make this better. He’s tried to imagine how he would feel if the situation were reversed, and those imaginings were part of the reason he said nothing all this time.
Dean growled at the thought.
“The next time was after the Leviathans got out. When you walked into the water and disappeared...” Dean shakes his head. He lived that heartbreak already, he doesn’t enjoy thinking about it. “I was back on all my bad habits. Drinking, getting into fights, and... I just wanted to feel close to someone, you know? Me and Sam and Bobby were holding up in Rufus’s cabin, and when I went on supply runs, I met Aaron. He worked at the grocery store. We started going out for beers here and there, and one night while we were leaving the bar, he kissed me. I was kinda drunk and really alone, so I went along with it.”
Cas broke eye contact for a moment as he shook his head.
“Uh, and that’s not something you could do for yourself?”
Cas seemed just as confused as Dean. Frustration bled through his scent, souring the more pleasant smell of heat.
As much as Cas would love to rush in, he knew too much excitement would just make Dean worry Castiel would be inevitably let down. Better to start slow and let Dean see how much he affected Cas.
Sam was so focused on controlling his breathing, that he nearly forgot to reply. He grabbed a pen and a notepad, holding the phone against his ear with his shoulder.
Beth smiled. Dean smiled back. He felt like a huge weight had been lifted from his chest, and for the first time in a long time, he felt like there was hope for him and Castiel.
Castiel still didn’t look completely comfortable with the idea, but he also looked like he didn’t want to talk about it anymore. He nodded and said a quick thank you before ducking out of the room and heading for the showers.
“Cas. His name is Cas.”
Castiel nodded, his eyes drooping shut as he did.
“True, but what have you done for him lately?”
"Don't ever let it end." Cas whispered./
very distracting,” Castiel said, his tone warm but serious.
Castiel looked back up at Dean when he spoke next. His once gruff voice was now soft, barely above a whisper, and it quivered with emotion. He was crying too.
“Trust me, Dean. Whatever is going on between you and Cas, it’s not because he wants someone else.”
The next morning, Sam was woken early by the shrill ringing of Bobby's cell phone. He wasn't sure who would be calling the older hunter, but he answered it anyway, seeing that said hunter was still asleep.
He accepted it. Fully. It was Dean's choice and none of the older hunter's business. Besides, there was nothing wrong with it.
Dean kept talking, it was like he couldn't stop now that he had started.
The hunter wasn't fooling himself, he knew that he was being pathetic, but he just couldn't find it in himself to stop it and move on. Cas had done some serious damage to him. He didn't know what could possibly fix it.
"How am I going to explain what that thing was to-"
Sam entered the store, a little bell above the door ringing as he did. He uninterestedly browsed through magazines and candy, waiting for the cashier to return. He intended to get fuel, then sneak around back and call Bobby, but before he could do any of that, the cashier returned. Eyes completely black.
Sam didn't know what to do. He was confused and a little at a loss for words. Had he been right in assuming his brother and the angel had been more than friends?
Castiel nodded. He’d done lots of reading after Dean told him he was trans, just to make sure he didn’t mess up. In his research, he’d found many men saying they didn’t retain or regain much sensation after top surgery.
Cas nodded quickly.
“Okay, so no alpha. But is there anything else we can do to make this easier for you? How long does a heat last, anyway?”
“You’re up early,” Sam grumbles. He's used to having the bunker to himself for a while in the morning, and Dean is throwing off his routine.
Apparently Dean had heard him this time. He tore himself away from Cas and started to get out of the booth, his fists clenched and all signs of booze gone. He was royally pissed, and he wasn't the only one. Sam's blood boiled. Before Dean could figure out who had said it, Sam stood and stormed over to where the guy was sitting. Before he could say anything else or even stand up, Sam hammer punched him, breaking his nose with clear intent.
“You smell very good,” Cas said, sounding a little drunk.
“The feathery bastard probably didn't feel a thing.” Dean thought to himself, before grabbing Cas' arm and helping him up. The angel stumbled and leaned heavily on Dean, but he stayed up. They made their way away from the bar, and the slowly waking up jerks in the parking lot.
"Dean?"
"You need clothes?" He asked.
Sam sat back down at the bar. No way he was going back over there now. Hopefully Dean would stop soon, then they could go back to the motel.
The angel suddenly looked past Sam, towards the house, his eyes widening. He ran up the stairs and inside. Sam followed, too shocked to do anything else.
Once they were in the Impala, Dean realized that he was kinda hungry, and figured Cas might be too.
Cas seemed shocked at Dean's reaction, if the expression on his face was anything to go by. He looked just as devastated as yesterday when he'd found out who he was.
Dean knows he’s fucked. There’s no way Castiel is going to drop this now. Dean had admitted
Dean nodded, giving Cas’s shoulder a gentle squeeze before letting go to stand up. His knees were already killing him from squatting so long, any longer, and he might not get up at all.
After copying down the address Matthew had given him, and thanking him profusely, Sam hung up and went to wake up Bobby. One of them had some driving to do.
The hunter took another sip of his beer.
“No, I just wanted to say that.... Dean, I am so sorry.”
“Yeah, I would,” he said, so quietly it was almost a breath. Cas knew Dean dealt with complicated feelings it came to enjoying sex. Part of him felt like he shouldn’t enjoy the pleasure his body could give him. And while Cas knew he couldn’t take that shame away, he would do everything he could to show Dean it was alright to enjoy himself.
Cas looked down at himself, almost surprised to find that he was fully dressed. He’d been so focused on Dean, it hadn’t even occurred to him.
But, despite everything the angel had done to him and his family, Dean couldn't bring himself to hate Cas. He had tried. Man had he tried. He'd tried to think of all the reasons why he should be relieved Cas had walked into that lake, why he should hate the feathery bastard for betraying him, for taking down Sam's wall, for nearly killing them when he'd first gotten his power. He knew it would be far easier to deal with the loss if he hated Castiel, but he just couldn't. Despite everything, a small part of him had always hoped that somehow, they would have been able to get past all this and still be together.
“Cas, I swear that I will do everything in my power to make sure I never leave you. I...” Dean's voice cracked, but he was determined to get the words out, Cas needed to know.
Cas hummed happily, tilting his head to rest it against Dean’s shoulder. His hands ran lightly up Dean’s sides and came to rest around his back.
. Not the cocky hunter, or the rebellious Michael sword, or the gruff man. Cas saw through all of that to who Dean really was, and
His lack of sleep, and his morning cleaning spree, are finally catching up to Dean, and the coffee isn’t doing the trick anymore. Sam, thankfully, doesn’t push for more info as Dean makes himself some toast. For a while, they eat in easy silence, and Dean appreciates Sam’s quiet support. He’s almost feeling better. Until Castiel joins them.
After 12 years, Dean had assumed he knew Castiel well enough that there weren’t any major surprises left to find out. Especially after going through figurative and literal Hell together several times. He could tell you the guy’s favourite food was a simple cheeseburger, that he put up with Dean’s music but would rather listen to something instrumental and calm, and that when he was pissed Castiel’s eyes were still an electric blue even without his grace.
Castiel is still staring into his coffee, guilt unassuaged.
“What?” Dean almost drops the soapy plate in his hand. “How can you not like garlic bread?”
Once he finished replacing all the bedding, Dean gathered up all the wrappers and dishes in the room, bringing them to the kitchen to be dealt with later. On his way back, he grabbed several water bottles and as many snacks as he could carry. He didn’t know if Cas would be more willing to leave his room now that Dean knew what was wrong, but he didn’t want Cas to feel like he had to leave if staying in bed was better.
“Okay.”
The hunter kicked the man in the side, definitely breaking at least three ribs and cracking a few others. The redhead was shoved off the angel by the force of the kick, and cried out in pain. He tried to get up and was halfway back to his feet when Dean met him with a solid hammer punch, braking the guy's nose and laying him out flat on the ground.
“A few hours later, Emanuel shows up. Passes every trap and test, there's nothing weird about this guy, except...”
“I’m listening, Dean.” Castiel takes Dean’s hand in his. It’s the first they’ve touched in days, and Dean feels his entire arm tingling up to his elbow.
“I don’t think you’re a freak,” Dean said, finally setting a careful hand on Cas’s shoulder. He felt some tension there melt away.
Beth nodded and poured another shot. Dean reached for it, but she surprised him by taking it first.
“Well, clearly something isn’t right,” Cas pushes, taking Dean’s hand in his own and bringing it to his lips. They brush over Dean’s knuckles, and Dean practically melts at the tender gesture. “Please tell me. Whatever it is, we can fix it.”
“I'm a literal kind of guy. So that means, when I do this,” the hunter pushed harder on the guy's arm, causing the redhead to whimper more loudly and squirm. "This is me saying that I will literally break your shit off if you ever touch him again. Mmkay, pumpkin?”
He made a mental note to make Sam go for groceries the next time they were getting low. He hated supermarkets, he always got stuck in line with someone with a crying baby, and the clerk was always the new kid who forgot how to work the register and had to ask for help. Definitely Sam's job now.
Cas turned in his arms, a dopey smile on his face.
“Ever? Not even...”
“-it’s all directed to making the experience good for me.”
And Sam, the sneaky bastard, knew exactly what he was doing. Dean knew too because it wasn’t just the training that he bailed on. Sam was never around for movie night, he somehow always made grocery runs a Dean and Cas trip, he even found excuses to leave the room if Cas and Dean happened to both be in it already.
“You’re so gorgeous,” he told Cas.
Dean felt sick jealousy twist his gut, but ignored it. This wasn’t about him and whatever feelings he pretended not to have for Cas. This was about easing his best friend’s pain and supporting him through this. No matter how much the idea of someone else touching Castiel that way made him want to break something.
Cas huffed a laugh against his neck. Dean let the idea of being celibate for the rest of his life run through his head and tested the weight of it. The thought of never having sex again was a little disappointing, sure. But compared to the idea of spending a lonely life without Cas here in his arms every night, it seemed like nothing.
“Alright, so what do you need? More water? Some soup?”
Dean shrugged.
He was so focused on trying to hold Cas up, 'cause the dude was pretty heavy and was tripping on his own feet ever couple steps or so, that he didn't notice the four men from earlier get up and follow them out the door.
“I figured you might want red meat this week,” he said, only partially teasing. “I know when Jess was in heat, I ate more burgers than
The eldest Winchester had tears running down his face now. He looked Cas dead in the eye and took a deep breath to steady himself.
, even though that’s exactly what it was. But Castiel didn’t have the same hang-ups on language. He said exactly what he meant, and in many ways Dean was grateful. Even when it made him blush.
Dean's smile grew and he clapped a hand on his friend's shoulder.
“She didn’t,” he says. “Or if she did, she kept going anyway.”
“Why you still...? What?” Sam asked.
“We, uh, got into a fight with some assholes. Cas wasn't much help, were ya, Cas?” Dean teased.
The man stepped out of the house and closed the door behind him.
"Blood." he whispered to himself.
“... Cas, I just growled.”
“What brought this on, Dean? Did Cas say something?”
“Go for it,” Dean said, his word slurred slightly as his face mashed into the pillow.
"Basketball tickets," The Winchester explain, his grin never faltering. "There's a game this Saturday in town. I thought you might wanna go."
The smell of slick hit him hard once that last barrier of cloth was gone. The smell was incredible, and Dean definitely wanted to get a better whiff of it, but he still didn’t feel so much as a twitch from his dick. Somehow, his body knew that wasn’t what this was about.
Dean regarded Beth for a moment. He was glad she had taken it that well, but at the same time was a little surprised. He hadn't thought people could be that accepting. Unless she had some experience in that area as well? Maybe he'd ask her about it later.
“Put the gun down.” he said calmly, hoping that he didn't sound as shaken as he felt. He couldn't afford to let his emotions show right now, even if Dean could read him like a book most of the time anyways.
Dean’s gut clenches as guilt tries to make him stop talking. Castiel is right, Dean would never say he loves someone unless he means it. But the lie he told, has been telling for months, feels pretty close.
The two that rushed Dean were smaller and obviously very inexperience in fighting. All it took was a few well timed punches and kicks to lay them out on the ground.
,” Sam mouths.
The last of the toast sitting in front of him now turns his stomach, and Dean carries it over to the garbage to get rid of it.
"And no matter what you say," Cas interrupted Dean's train of thought. "It will not change how I feel about you."
“A bath isn’t really possible in my current state. But, um, a shower would help.”
Cas stepped out of the pants and soaked underwear at his feet, kicking them off to the side to be washed later. Dean was about to shuck his pants when Castiel’s hands stopped him.
There’s that shame that makes Dean sick to hear. This is going to take more than one conversation to fix.
“He just told you.” the shifter joined in, his eerily calm tone doing nothing to help Dean's distress.
“What?”
Castiel stirs instantly, bleary eyes searching the room before landing on Dean. He blinks several times, probably trying to figure out if he’s awake or not. Dean waits while Castiel’s gaze clears.
Cas looks confused, so Dean continues.
There was an unopened text from Sam in his notifications. He clicked on it.
Before he had known Cas was an omega, Dean had never worried about his smell having any effect on him. Now, as Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck, the alpha hoped Castiel found comfort in his scent.
“When you were organizing the rebellion against Heaven.”
Dean scoffed, tossing his hands up.
Dean knew he’d seen that word somewhere in his online searches before. “Yeah, I guess.”
“Yeah, who is this?”
Dean nods again. No half-truths this time.
“Cas... I’m still pretty confused here. This isn’t how heats normally go.”
“That sounds very painful, I’m sorry, Dean.”
“In Heaven... no one ever forced me, but... I was a freak. For spending my heats alone. They didn’t understand.”
Yeah, he wanted this for the rest of his life. If that meant he was celibate from now on, well, sex didn’t compare to this. Taking care of Cas, washing him, holding him, this was more intimate than any of the sex he’d ever had in his life.
“Yes, Dean, I'm fine.”
Castiel grinned and crawled to lie next to Dean. When he rested his hand on Dean’s chest he could feel his heartbeat still racing, and felt pride that
Dean chuckled, glad Charlie knew him so well.
“Of course I do. You wouldn’t lie about that.”
Dean might have been more offended if it wasn’t true. He ignores his initial indignation and concentrates on keeping his voice neutral.
Dean had always enjoyed the smell of omega in heat, but he’d figured that was just because it signaled a week of intense sex. Now, without lust flooding his system, he realized he still wanted to bury himself in that smell. To curl up around it and just bask in it for hours.
But even though Dean knew Castiel had been an angel for most of the time they’d known each other, sometimes it was easy to forget what that meant. The whole size-of-the-Chrysler-Building thing was easy to forget when all Dean saw was a guy with messy hair and a backward tie. Cas was his friend, his family, and sometimes it was hard to remember that he was actually so unfathomable most people couldn’t look at his true form without dying or seriously hurting themselves.
“Cas,” he whispers. He knows it won’t take much to wake the former angel with the fitful sleep they’ve been having.
Sam woke up more when he heard that. Reflexively, his back straightened and he stood up taller. Any sluggishness in his movements was gone, and he couldn't keep the excitement out of his voice.
The next day, around four in the afternoon, Sam pulled up outside the house Matthew had given him the address for. He was exhausted, having only stopped three times on his way here. Twice for a bathroom break/coffee refill, and once for a short nap on the side of the road when he'd started head bobbing at the wheel. But, at least he'd made it.
--cheerfully and confidently marched because he was feeling pretty damn good about his plan--down the hallway toward the kitchen. If anyone asked, he was telling this to Sam, because he was on speaking terms with Sam, but he didn’t even bother poking his head into the library to make sure Sam heard him.
Cas visibly deflated. “I still can’t hear you,” he said with a shake of his head.
Cas shook his head. “Nonsense. I just need to cut in more flour. The YouTube video says so.”
And while he waited, he planned all of the ways he would shamelessly rip on Dean once Dean finally owned up to his feelings for Cas. After a decade of being the third wheel between his emotionally constipated brother and the angel he was crazy for, Sam had earned that right. It was what all good brothers were supposed to do!
Dean cracked a sleepy eye open. “Yeah? Why?”
is that?”
Cas was unperturbed. “An iced matcha latte. It’s good.” He took a sip.
Dean’s brow furrowed. He said something else.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I said ‘isn’t cute,’” he clarified, air quotes and everything. But his lips twitched upwards with the ghost of amusement, and Dean carefully filed that information away for later.
“So...bad news.”
Cas can keep him impaled on his cock with just one arm. Dean is still riding that wave of awe-inspiring desire when Cas presses his hand to Dean’s chest.
Nope, he was headed for the kitchen, where Cas was almost certainly still hiding after stomping off from their argument, sulking over his own book of lore and probably a third cup of coffee.
“I did what I needed,” Cas shoots back with a steely glare.
more hurt!”
“Moondoor?”
look like my Marcy?!” Susan nearly flung herself into the circle with them. She clutched at her chest, casting her terrified gaze around the room.
ever want to let go. Cas is slower to react, but when his arms finally wind around Dean, he breathes out a soft, sobbing gasp and clings to Dean. Dean turns his head to bury his nose in Cas’ hair. “Of course I do.”
Cas squeezes his knee. His eyes are gentle. “We’re both okay now.”
“Cas? What’re you doing?”
The fourth time it happens, Cas doesn’t even hear it. Cas found out about a nearby crafts fair, and all it took was one particularly soulful look from those big blue eyes of his, and Dean was driving them a full hour and a half away to look at homemade pottery and local honey and overpriced tacky mesh wreaths and pretending that the entire atmosphere of the place wasn’t giving him hives.
The dark shadows of wings dance over Dean’s skin as Cas grabs him by the back of the thighs and hefts him into the air.
But instead of looking delighted Cas looked...hurt. “Dean, you don’t have to do this for me.”
“Oh fuck, right there. Right there Cas,” Dean groans. Cas is so hot inside him, filling him, both taking what he wants from Dean and giving Dean exactly what he needs. “Fuck, I need you, Cas. Need you so bad,” he whimpers, the amulet making him babble again. “You’re so good. Love having you inside me. Love having you hold me. Love your wings.” Though Dean still can’t feel them, he’s surrounded by a warm cushion of air that matches the heat of Cas’ length fucking into him.
Dean looks over at Cas. And, yeah, Dean gets the question. He’s a grown-ass man wearing cargo shorts, carrying a canvas bag with the most obnoxious sunglasses-wearing beach ball Dean has ever seen, and his hair looks like it's been electrocuted. Dean grins, feeling a rush of fondness for his dorky, criminally unfashionable angel.
Dean scrubbed at his hair and bit back a sigh.
“Blueberry syrup. I added a shot of blueberry syrup.”
“I’m so sorry for your loss,” Dean said, injecting even more sincerity into his words even though he expected as much. Marcy was the best lead so far. Was she attacking people on the anniversary of her death? She was obviously cremated, but perhaps there was something keeping her tied here?
“I love you, Cas.” One step, two steps, he crossed the distance between them and threw his arms around Cas’ shoulders, clinging to him the way he wished he could have before the Empty took Cas away. “It’s you, Cas. It can only be you. It’s only been you for years. I promise.”
Cas laughed. The before and after images posted also pulled a small, pleased smile out of him-- the first a terrible mangled mass of knotted and tangled thread and the second what looked to be a very simple tunic. Cas tilted his head. A historical costume, perhaps? Interest piqued, he started typing a response.
Dean swallows thickly. A hundred words crowd his throat, fighting to get out, but his own fears win this round and keep them down. Instead all he can manage is a choked, “Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
“CAS...TEAL?” A second barista next to her called out a strange name. He looked down at the cup again. “A rose pink white chocolate mocha latte for Cas-teal?”
“So whadya say, Cas?” Dean said when his laughter quieted. “Ready to get the hell outta Dodge?”
Minutes later he was seated at his desk, waiting for Dean to answer his Skype call. He chewed on his lower lip, and when a familiar face popped up on his screen, he had to bite down to subdue the wide grin that threatened to overcome his cheeks.
Dean blinked. “What? That’s...that’s not true, Cas!”
looking at him like that, much less an
“You’re the best dick, then.”
“Do you, Castiel, take Dean Winchester to be your, well,
Dean sighs in pleasure and lets himself enjoy the sensation as he languidly palms Cas’ arousal. But as Cas moves to make a new mark next to the first, images flash through Dean’s mind, and he
“Did you pack deodorant?”
The fifth time Dean says it, Cas is the only other person around for miles. He drags Cas out of bed bright and early one Saturday, forcing him into the car before he’s even fully finished his coffee. Cas allows it, only because he can tell Dean is positively vibrating with nervous energy. Dean brushes off all of his prying questions during the long drive until they finally arrive at a small, peaceful meadow in the middle of nowhere.
Dean thought back to that drive, and his little snack cakes morality test. “Yup. That was definitely why.” He snatched the box from Jack’s hand and tossed it into the cart before he could ask more questions. “Let’s wrap this up before Cas wonders why we’ve been gone so long.”
Cas laughed. “Apologies, I shouldn’t have assumed.”
Maybe he should just...roll with it?
But Cas had smiled almost non-stop the entire day, probably more than Dean had seen the entire thirteen years since he’d met him. And yeah, Dean knew why. What was better to do on his birthday than spend time with his kid?
Cas, I’ll keep her busy. You burn the painting.”
Dean seemed to only now remember they weren’t alone. He quickly dropped his hand and rubbed at the back of his neck. He said something.
Dean can only manage to maintain the ruse for a few seconds before he bursts out laughing. “Nah, I’m just messing with you. Where have you been, man? Cas and I have been together for
“Dean, please convince me that I have to get on my bus and go into work today. I have a meeting with the biggest jackass in management and I’m very, very tempted to run away instead,” Cas said, exhausted already, as he slumped into what had quickly become “his” chair at “their” table over the past few weeks.
It was the first post Cas saw when he opened Facebook. It was an old college friend, with a wide, disbelieving smile on her face and her arms flung around a man and his dog. Countless reactions congratulated her and commented on their cute meeting. Apparently she helped the man chase down his escaped dog, only to realize that neither could hear the other person’s voice shouting. Cue their surprise and delight, and a hasty kiss to seal the deal and grant them the ability to hear each other’s voices, before they caught the dog together.
“You want one?” One of the young people asked, holding up a black shirt emblazoned with colorful text. Sam cringed a little at the “my son” on it, but he acknowledged that he definitely was old enough to have kids at this point.
Dean grins and closes his eyes for some very well-earned sleep. “You’re awesome, Cas.”
’ Dean’s thoughts helpfully supplied at the worst possible moment, ensuring Dean’s face burned with a fierce blush right as Cas looked his most adoring. Dean hastily averted his gaze.
Dean grunts in acknowledgement. Words are for after coffee. Sam starts making himself a protein shake without so much as a 'thank you' for cleaning his lid. Hell, he's probably not even aware Dean does it for him.
Marcy howled in agony as her body sparked and burned. She raised her head skyward as if to escape from the rising flames, but in a flash of heat and bright orange light, she was gone, and Cas and Dean were left standing alone in the room.
“Coward,” the ghost menaced as she took another step closer. Dean carefully backed up. “Can’t even say it. Even when you’re hurting him. Coward!”
Cas stares back at him in equal confusion. “Did the amulet make you say that?”
Dean glances around the table. At Sam, his overly long hair plastered to his sweaty forehead, scrolling through his phone as he shovels egg white omelette into his mouth like he's starving for it. At Eileen, a pleased grin on her face as her closed fist moves in a circle in front of her, her thumb pointed down over her stack of pancakes. At Jack, watching her intently as she teaches him a new sign, his fork suspended halfway to his mouth until a bite of pancake falls off it and smacks onto the table, making Eileen laugh.
“For Charlie!”
have a little something special to handle all this meat.” Sam tilts his head, his mouth twitching like Dean said something embarrassing. Was it waxing poetic about vegetables? Probably. Dean chooses to ignore it.
Cas’ expression softened. “Today is a perfect day for a birthday.”
Dean shrugs off the question as he slides the pickle burger in front of Cas and nudges him with his elbow to try it. “Hell if I know. If you ask me, dude needs to have a burger every once in awhile.”
“Let me go ahead and burst your bubble, but sewing is a significant amount of time, effort, and skill. There are
“I can’t hear anything. I think your mic isn’t working,” Cas typed into the message box.
Cas swallows thickly. His eyes flutter shut. “I do want that,” he finally admits, and Dean grins.
Unperturbed, Cas took a small sip of his hot drink and paused a moment in consideration. “I like it,” he declared. “I think I’ll get it again.”
Cas chuckled. “I’ll remind Jack to bake two cakes next year.” They fell into easy silence, nursing their drinks as they reflected on the years.
“I don’t think that’s necessary, Dean,” Cas said, not turning around. His voice sounded even more gruff than usual, which was certainly saying something.
Cas and Dean traded knowing looks. Dean shrugged a little. “I wouldn’t dream of it,” Cas assured Jack.
Pleasure sparks and dances inside Dean as Cas fucks him hard. Dean can tell by the tension in his muscles that it’s no effort at all for Cas to hold him up like this, and it makes his blood pound with excitement. “Give me everything, Cas. That’s it, sweetheart. Give me everything you’ve got!” Cas responds with a long, slow roll of his hips that makes Dean sigh in pleasure before picking up the rhythm, riding Dean rough enough to make his back drag against the wall behind him. Dean lets out a blissful groan, as he gets lost in the harsh rhythm and the building pleasure lighting up his nerves. He loves when Cas gets caught up in the heat and tightness of his body. He’s reminded quite abruptly of just how powerful Cas is, that even though he’s fucking Dean so hard that Dean thinks he might have a few bruises tomorrow, he’s also exercising mind-blowing control over himself to make sure he doesn’t really hurt Dean.
“Don’t worry,” the ghost said to Cas, and the venom in her voice dropped into twisted sympathy. “I’ll take your pain away soon.”
“Castiel,” the man corrected as he sat down.
Cas twisted around and gave Dean and his closed bottle of sunscreen a baleful look. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “If I get sunburned, you can get your own room tonight.”
I thought you were the smart one!”
close. Not in the least. Sam wore those damn shirts every single day under his flannels for a
Dean’s eyes silently plead for Cas to see it all and understand. Dean may not be able to speak his truth the way Cas can, but Cas sees everything he wants to say written all over his face, shining out from his beautiful heart. His own heart sings at the miracle he has been blessed with, and his smile is one of adoration.
“How is anyone supposed to know if they’re looking at the right profile?”
"They met when Sam was waiting tables in college. He knew a little sign language so he tried to talk to her, but they're soulmates so Eileen couldn't understand a word. Thought he was just flailing his hands around randomly and making fun of her! Got so offended she almost stabbed him with her steak knife before they realized what was going on. Thank God the other customers could hear her swearing."
too sweet for this early.”
“I like to try new things.”
Dean returns to Cas’ arms and presses himself against his naked body, sighing in contentment at the warmth of his skin against his own.  “Can’t wait to feel you.” He spreads his legs a little as he pops the cap of the lube. Cas holds his hand out for Dean to squirt some on his fingers. “Gonna feel so good. So--Ah!” Dean sucks in a sharp breath when the cold lube pushes against his hole. It quickly morphs into a sigh. “I’ve never been fucked in the air before,” he continues. He presses a long string of kisses along Cas’ shoulder and up his neck as he talks. “Never been with anyone strong enough.” The urge to make sure Cas knows he can do things for Dean no one else can buzzes in his chest. Dean smirks and nips lightly at Cas’ jaw while Cas carefully spreads him open. “Fuck Cas, with that angel strength of yours...Gonna fuck me good and hard, aren’t you?” Cas’ fingers shift inside him, a pleasant stretch against his hole. “Gonna ride me as long as you want. Gonna make me feel so good, sweetheart. Wanna let you have your way with me.” A gust of warm air settles over Dean’s back, heated like skin yet completely intangible. Dean pulls back from the mark he’s sucking onto Cas’ jaw and glances behind him.
about the fact that I
“How many are you making?”
“Hello! Can I help you?” An older woman sat behind a small reception desk, smiling warmly at them in the glow of her ancient computer.
They fall into an easy, exhausted silence for a long time before Dean finally breaks it. “Cas?”
“To coffee?!” Dean said, loud enough that a few people stared.
“What’s going on?” Susan’s eyes went huge, her face going pale. “She...She killed those people last year, didn’t she? How do we stop her?”
, find peace and purpose in doing something so humble?
And Sam knew why. He didn’t
“What can I say? I have that effect on people.”
“Key West?” Cas asked as he scanned the article. “Florida? That’s quite a drive.”
“Am I dreaming or something? Did you really get normal coffee? You feeling okay, buddy?” Dean had the desire to plaster his hand across Cas’ forehead to check his temperature, but he kept his hand to himself.
Cas shifted. He wasn’t sure if he was pleased or self-conscious that Dean was commenting on his wardrobe. Maybe both. “Are you stalking my Facebook pictures, Dean?”
The thought clenched tight around Dean’s heart as he drove back to the bed and breakfast. Maybe he didn’t anymore. Maybe Cas was getting sick of him. Twelve years in each other’s lives, it was bound to happen eventually.
“Dean…”
The fork they were holding clattered to the floor as Cas threw his arms around Dean with reckless determination. Dean’s bubbling laugh interrupted their kiss, but only for a moment. He gripped Cas at his waist, using the tie strings of his apron to pull him forward until their bodies were pressed together.
Cas deflates a little, resigned and sad. “I assume I’ll need to soon.”
The pie was burnt at the edges, imperfect and too full, with filling bubbling out of the slits and leaving sticky syrup all over the top crust. But Dean grinned at it like it was the most beautiful pie he’d ever seen. “Hey, when’s the next state fair?” he joked as he set it on the metal counter to cool and turned the oven off.
Dean bumped his knee against Cas’ under the table. “I’d even call it awesome,” he teased, making Cas’ cheeks flush pink. “This Friday? I’ll pick you up at seven?”
Cas sighed and shook his head. “Unfortunately I have no one to watch my cat.”
amount of LARP drama. And trust me, that’s the worst kind of drama.” She rolled her eyes. “I’ll talk to you later. Probably before this guy.” She jerked a thumb at Dean before waving in farewell as she backed out of the room and shut the door behind her.
Cas smiled a little at the stubborn set of Dean’s jaw. “I suppose there is some comfort in the familiar,” he allowed. “But experiencing new things is...fun.” His gaze lingered on Dean for a moment before tilting toward his cup. “For example you might learn you like matcha.” His tongue slipped past his lips to hook his straw and draw it into his mouth. Dean swallowed thickly.
“Not your fault,” she said with the heaviness of one who had heard those words hundreds of times. She shook her head. “You’re not the reason she--” Susan cut herself off and swallowed down her tears. Despite her best efforts, a single tear trailed down her cheek.
Cas clicked his tongue. “I’m literally looking at a photo of you in chainmail right now.”
The next morning, they’re both expecting some sort of bump in the road, some rare ingredient or some missing incantation that will set them back even longer, keep Dean from seeing Cas again for God knows how long. But fortune is on their side, and Sam executes the spell flawlessly.
The face journey Dean went on was
“The hoops that you jump through to avoid talking about your feelings astound me,” Cas finally said. He dropped his hand with a sigh of defeat, and Dean’s heart sank. This was it. The death rattles of a relationship that hadn’t even really started. Dean never had what he truly wanted, and he never would.
“Yeah we’ve got ourselves the next Cake Boss over here. If the God thing doesn’t work out.” Dean’s voice rippled with laughter. He snatched up the bag of party hats and ripped it open. Cas looked exceedingly tolerant as Dean snapped one on his head with an impish grin. “So birthday boy, whatcha wanna do on your special day?”
Dean scoffs at the suggestion. “And if we ward it wrong? It’ll just teleport to the nearest jewelry store if someone doesn’t use it for too long. Come on, there’s
There’s no peace in loneliness.
Cas is quiet for a moment as he stares at the innocuous-looking gold necklace on the table. His forehead wrinkles as he frowns, his eyes squinting in a way that Dean always finds endearing. Dean comes up behind him and rests his hand on the back of his neck as he leans over Cas’ shoulder. “What’s up? Think we missed something?” Dean asks.
Cas folded his arms. His black sleeping shirt was a mess of flour. His dark hair was dusted with white too. Dean bit his lip to fight down his own grin at how tragic and adorable he looked. “I can’t tell you.”
and that’s why you never said anything!”
come in there though!”
“Oh?” Cas’ gaze flickered down to their bags. A package of birthday hats stuck out of the opening of one. A canister of rainbow sprinkles was nestled at the top of another. His mouth twitched as his eyes softened with warmth. When they met Dean’s eyes, Dean’s stomach did a flip. Cas’ eyes grew even warmer.
There was a longer than usual pause between messages. “Okay look. Don’t make fun. We’ve all been there…”
touching Cas’ shoulder.
The third time it happens, it takes them both by surprise. They’d gone on a hunt, just the two of them while Sam was visiting Eileen, and everything had gone sideways. What they thought was just a troublemaking demon turned out to be an extremely powerful witch, one with more than enough experience in Enochian magic to put Cas in serious danger. And of course Cas was reckless in his desire to protect Dean, and only managed to avoid getting killed by quick thinking and, to be honest, a helluva lot of luck.
Cas leaned back in his chair for a minute. He wondered how much time he should sink into someone who was, in all likelihood, going to ghost the group as soon as he either finished or gave up on his project. He hovered over the guy’s icon. Dean Winchester. Cas scoffed at his profile picture. The man was standing on a dock in front of a lake, dressed in flannel and a dingy ball cap, holding up a fishing pole and a sizable fish. Cas could barely make out his face, but he thought he was grinning. It was such a humorously stereotypical picture that he didn’t even need to click his profile to know he was from neighboring Kansas. He did anyway, because there was something about the curve of his bowlegs that Cas found appealing, and maybe he was curious why a guy like this was learning to sew.
Cas didn’t love him, not yet, but he knew it was only a matter of time.
“Dean, I’ve been back for months.
When Dean read his message, his entire body swayed with his head as he, Cas could only assume, cursed loudly. He twisted around in his chair. Cas could tell by the way his chest swelled that he was bellowing something out for someone else. He twisted back around and typed a message himself, “I’m gonna get Charlie to troubleshoot. You okay sticking around?”
“Your mic isn’t working,” Cas said. Dean shook his head and shrugged while saying something and pointing to his ear. For one exhilarating moment, Cas wondered if perhaps they were soulmates, and
Dark shadows drape over his shoulder. He can almost make out the outline of feathers.
“I like coffee. I drink coffee.”
“Moondoor outfits.”
“Dean, I
But that was before seeing Dean like this.
Dean shrugged. “Seems as good a guess as any. Violent death. Susan said they were fighting right before. Probably something happened between them that left Marcy pissed off enough to stay in the veil.”
” he demands. His heart is pounding fast. Bi. Sam knows he’s bi. When did he figure it out?! Why’s he bringing it up now?!
“This is gonna be great,” he says as he tugs Cas’ trenchcoat and suit jacket off. He shoves the amulet into Cas’ fist.
“I’m right here, buddy.” Dean held him tightly, the way he should have when he first got Cas back from the Empty. The way Dean wanted to all these months when he thought...Well, when he was an idiot. “You can have me, you know. You already have me.”
"Why not try Skyping from your phone?" Cas typed.
“Frodo and Sam weren’t gay, Dean.”
Cas was the first to break. He very reluctantly dragged his gaze away from Dean to type. “When can we meet? I’ll take vacation days if I need to.”
Dean smiled as warm sunshine settled in his chest. Perhaps it didn’t matter if Dean understood it all, because Cas was happy where he was no matter what Dean thought.
And then he’d lord it over him and refuse to share until Cas apologized.
The silence surrounding them shifted gradually, moving from awkward to comfortable as they settled into something familiar, working side-by-side, not needing to say a word to fill the quiet between them.
“Goddammit.”
“Are you looking up a case?” Cas asked, tilting toward Dean’s screen.
Dean moans Cas’ name as Cas bends his neck to bury his face into Dean’s shoulder. He’s breathing hard now, sucking a desperate mark into Dean’s skin. Every inhale wavers with a quiet sob. His pace is bruising, thrusting into Dean hard and fast, making Dean’s entire body bounce on Cas’ cock as he chases his orgasm. Dean can do nothing except hold on for the ride.
As nutmeg and cinnamon fill the air, Dean chugs his respectable cup of plain ol' dark roast and browses the contents of the refrigerator.
as an apology. Because Dean had nothing to apologize for! He was right, Cas was wrong, end of story.
“You know, you could have just been normal about this. No weird, gross food metaphors. Just--” Sam drops his voice several octaves and bobs his head in a deliberately annoying parody of Dean. “--‘Hey Sam, by the way, I’m bi and totally in love with Cas, no big deal,’ or whatever.”
he thinks, and it would be so
Dean silently laughed, and Cas couldn’t help but stare at the way his entire face lit up when he was happy. “Takes one to know one.”
“Alright, alright, c’mere you big sap,” Dean grumbles before they get too far into chick flick territory and Dean’s terrible self-esteem. He pulls Cas back down to his chest and resumes stroking his hair. “Man, I had no idea you were such a pervert.” He chuckles under his breath. “You gonna tell me about anymore of your awesome sex fantasies or do I have to track down another witch amulet?”
But he doesn't. He shuts the door behind him as quietly as possible and shambles down the hallway.
--to the bedroom he and Cas shared.
… His eyes shine with arousal, so bright Dean almost wondered if there was a bit of Grace leaking through,
At least, that was what Dean kept telling himself. Deep down, though, he was afraid that Cas’ feelings were changing.
“Cuz I mean, I want to respect your boundaries.”
“Yeah. C’mon, you know they’re great!” Dean says cavalierly, because he’s not going to miss a chance to gloat about the awesome food Sam misses out on with all his salads. “Bacon is, you know,
And before Dean could make a snappy comeback, Cas dragged him toward their bedroom.
“It’s for a surprise,” Jack continued, pulling Dean from his thoughts. “Er, not a surprise! We’re not planning any surprises!” Dean barely controlled his eyeroll. The kid really needed to work on his lying. “It’s something you can’t know about until later. So don’t even think about peeking!”
Their gazes met, and it was like lightning flashed all the way to Dean’s toes. He sucked in a sharp breath.
Cas carefully closed the book he was reading. He was fully clothed again. “It’s not a long walk back here. I assumed you’d know where I’d gone.”
“A surprise for me?” Cas didn’t even seem to notice that the only things in the kitchen were a weird brown blob of cake and a massive mess. He was smiling from ear to ear at Jack with that special, endeared smile parents reserved just for their children. “But I told you I didn’t have a birthday,” Cas said. Which he and Jack had talked about literally hours ago. Before Jack raced off to talk with Dean and plan an impromptu trip to the store before baking all morning.
What could go wrong?
Disappointment rose up Dean’s throat like bile. “Seriously? I’m almost done!”
Dean’s grin only widened. Cas was completely taken by the deep crinkles at the corners of his eyes. Soulmate. This was his
“You’re serious, Dean? You really want to get married?”
“Dean!” Cas called, even though he knew Dean couldn’t hear him. Dean saw him, though, and he broke into a nervous grin. Cas beamed back.
wrong.
The statement caught Dean completely off-guard. His hand stilled as he gaped at Cas. “What?” he rasped around the ghostly hand on his throat.
Cas looks up at Dean and then down at the amulet in suspicion. “That sounds dangerous.”
...And heard a familiar ringtone coming out of their bag.
“My word...What are you, fourteen? Do you need recommendations for parental control software?”
The woman waved off his concerns. “Oh yes, it’s just the off season right now. Some weekends are like that.” She spoke a little too quickly as she clicked through her computer. Dean suspected all the news articles about bloody deaths had something to do with it. “Not hard to find your reservation. You’re our only guests tonight.” She grabbed two keys off a hook and held them out for Dean. “You’ll be in room 4, down at the end of the hallway upstairs. It’s the largest one. If you need extra towels or anything, let me know. I’m Susan.”
“I ❤ my gay brother-in-law.”
Dean can’t help rolling his eyes as he shucks his open flannel, the very last of his clothes. “Dude. When have I
“Then I think you’re good.”
I love you, you idiot!” Dean swung at Marcy, forcing her to disappear again. Cas slammed himself against the unmoving door. “How could you think I don’t?”
Jack pops off his now empty bottle, and starts making a string of weak, disgruntled noises. “Here. Let me.” Cas gently eases Jack into his arms and props him up against his shoulder, carefully burping him the way Dean showed him. The distraction is a welcome one. “I can take it from here,” he continues, now desperate to avoid whatever reaction Dean is gearing up toward. He begins to turn away.
He also half expected Cas to dive in head first. No plan, not knowing what he was doing, only trusting blindly, the way Cas so often did. Satisfaction rumbled in Dean’s chest when Cas picked the latter.
“Any caffeine is fine,” he assured her as he and Cas took their mugs. “So Susan, what is there to do around here? You know, other than what Yelp says. The insider’s scoop.” Dean winked as he took a sip of his coffee.
Time to bring out the big guns.
Dean looks at Cas. Even in the dim light of the setting sun, his eyes are impossibly blue. His smile is so warm Dean knows he’ll never feel cold again, so long as he can see it every day. Dean beams back and proclaims loud enough for everyone on the beach to hear, “Oh
“Because you’re naked and not under the blanket.” Cas gives him an indulgent smile as he crosses to the bed and lays out beside Dean, low enough to use his chest as a pillow. “So you really are okay? Nothing was...too much? Less than ‘awesome?’”
Dean grinned from ear to ear and elbowed Cas. At Cas’ inquisitive eyebrow, Dean nodded his head to a shelf full of long-haired, sad-eyed blonde angels. Cas rolled his eyes while Dean laughed to himself.
about how you feel. Do not lie to me now because you feel sorry for me.” With one last heartbroken glare, Cas stomped out of the room, leaving Dean behind to stamp out the flaming remains of the painting.
Cas pulled Dean in and kissed him, the sound of each other’s laughter against their lips music to their ears.
That was how it began. Before Cas knew it, he and Dean were in an active online friendship. Dean sent him regular updates on his sewing project, or ran to him for help with issues that popped up. Cas encouraged him along the way and sent occasional pictures of his flowers or bees.
Dean pulls back just enough that Cas can read his eyes. “Cas, I…” he begins, but can’t continue. His lower lip wavers. His grass green eyes flit from one emotion to the next, overwhelmed, unable to find the words to convey everything he’s feeling.
Dean wipes a tear from his eye, still chuckling under his breath. Cas stares after Sam in concern.
Blueberries. He should use those up too. Dean plucks them, some eggs, some butter, some milk, and all of the stuff for Sam’s atrocious vegetable omelette from the fridge.
Alone with his soulmate, Cas didn’t know what to say. Well, type. Dean was in the same boat, and for a very long time they sat in silence, staring at each other. Drinking each other in. Reveling in this unexpected miracle.
Cas quickly sent his address.
On a high shelf was a large urn next to an oil painting of a young woman that immediately pinged Dean’s hunter’s instincts. “That’s a lovely painting over there,” he said, catching Cas’ eye meaningfully. Cas turned around to look too.
“Pity,” Dean tsked as he drank his coffee. His heart panged in disappointment, even though it had no real reason to.
Cas let out a beleaguered sigh. “You weren’t supposed to find out until morning.”
Sam snorts. "That's just an excuse to eat more burgers." He spears a forkful of tomato and spinach with a smug little twinkle in his eye.
“You are infuriating, you know that?” Cas’ bright blue eyes flared with equal parts exasperation and desire, making Dean’s heart race.
That seemed to placate Cas. He nodded and took another sip of coffee. “The beach
“....”
Dean spends most of the night staring at the ceiling, thoughts racing through his head at a hundred miles an hour. This time tomorrow, he could have Cas back. This time tomorrow he can--Dean is almost afraid to think it, afraid that giving form to what he
When Dean looks up, the same gentle, loving smile is still on his face, and Cas’ knees feel weak. He lets his hand fall to the counter and grips it briefly to steady himself. “Good. Dunno if he’s going through a growth spurt or what, but this is his second bottle since you left,” Dean says, exhausted but fond.
Dean dragged Cas back to his bedroom, where they continued to miss out on some much needed sleep. Some things were worth a little sleep deprivation. But when Dean woke up on the morning of his birthday with Cas resting his head on his chest, looking soft and peaceful and warm, he decided this was the best part of it all.
A minute too late, Cas realized he was reading way too much into a few photos of someone who was, essentially, a total stranger. He sat up straighter and was about to click away when he got a notification.
any right now.
Cas sighed, at once relieved and deeply disappointed. “What did you DO?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I have other pictures on Facebook.”
Instead his gaze slid down his dresser to the very bottom drawer. Here he and Cas kept their junk clothes. Grease-stained jeans for working on the car, dingy flannels for digging new plots for Cas’ ever-expanding garden, and of course....the shorts.
Dean grins from ear to ear as he relishes Sam’s mortification. “Hey now, I thought you were supportive! What happened to ‘I’m happy for you and your burgers?’”
Cas burst out laughing. "What the hell is that?"
“You thought I was deliberately keeping us apart?”
Sam knew the time was close. The writing was on the wall. Well, to be honest, the writing had been there for a
“Right here.”
“So, Cas-teal is it?” he asked as the man returned with a new cup.
not the one who wears his underwear three days in a row, jerk.”
worth it.
Dean’s grin shrank into just a smile. There was something almost wistful in his eyes, though it was hard to make out in the grainy webcam video. He nodded and gave a small half-shrug before typing. “If only we could all be so lucky.”
Marcy flickered into being next to them again. Dean knocked her away with the poker.
. Before Dean rescued him from The Empty. Before they wound up in this awkward, stilted Angel’s-First-Romance training wheels relationship Dean found them in.
Dean was interested. He looked down at the pastry blob on the counter. “That’s never going to bake right.”
“...”
for lunch" voice. Dean really hates that voice.
Cas answers him in the language Dean speaks best, and he kisses him softly.
“Shit, what did they just say? I missed it and it seems important.”
“My Dean,” Cas breathes onto his damp skin, his voice heavy and trembling. His hand settles on Dean’s shoulder as he sucks a dark mark at his favorite spot just under Dean’s jaw.
Cas raised an eyebrow at him. “I suppose ‘real men’ don’t eat bananas either. Or popsicles. Or any number of supposedly phallic foodstuffs that could be misconstrued as a supposedly ‘real man’
“I’m not sure if I should leave you two alone or stay and play interpreter.” Charlie shifted her weight from one foot to the other, barely containing her excitement.
“Like hell you’re not!” Dean shot back. “So what is it? I can’t touch you now? It’s freakin’ sunscreen, Cas. Is it really that big of a deal?”
Dean looked downright offended as Cas sat down with a mossy green drink in a clear plastic cup, complete with whipped cream on top and a thick straw.
They fell into a long, comfortable silence, each lingering over their drinks. Not for the first time, Dean felt an anxious pressure to speak up. Ask Cas out. Finally push their morning coffee rituals to the level they were clearly inching toward. But just as Dean steeled his nerve and opened his mouth to break the silence, Cas started talking. “So...I suppose ‘real men’ don’t get asked on dates, either,” he said as he innocently sipped at his latte. Dean did a double-take. “I suppose they only do the pursuing, and would be very embarrassed to have someone else ask them out.”
to show off a little!
Dean purses his lips. “Maybe? I mean, it’s not...
“Cas,” Dean sighs as Cas bottoms out inside him. He nuzzles his way to Cas’ jaw and sucks a greedy mark there. “You feel so good, sweetheart. So good. I can’t believe we’re doing this.” Cas begins to thrust inside him, deliciously hot and slick and full. The shadows around him shift and waver in a way that makes Dean wonder if Cas’ wings are trembling with arousal. Dean grins against Cas’ neck. “Does it feel good wrapping your wings around me while you fuck me?”
Cas nodded to the camera. Just as he did, the door to Dean’s bedroom opened with a distinct squeak. Cas tilted his head. “Is it working now?” he asked aloud, but Dean didn’t answer.
“Got it. Marcy Daniels. Died forty-three years ago tonight.” Dean flipped his laptop around so Cas could read the news article. “Hit by a car. Right outside this house. Died before she even got to the hospital.”
Cas nips at Dean’s lower lip, and Dean eagerly parts his lips to let Cas lick his way inside, tongue wet and greedy. His hands
“Yes. It...feels a little like vibrations.” Cas tilts his head at the way Dean’s eyebrows bounce up and down. “You’re getting ideas, aren’t you?” His arms loosely drape around Dean’s waist.
Cas furrows his brow at him. “You’ve been to Hell.”
“Cas is gonna love it,” Dean said anyway, because he knew it was true. Jack beamed with pride.
“Hey! Marcy!” A ceramic angel went flying through the air and smashed into a framed photo on the wall next to them, shattering the glass. Marcy snarled and whipped her head around. Her grip on Dean’s neck loosened a little, and Dean sucked in as many painful gasps as he could get.
“I mean, if I put it on you I definitely know what’ll happen.” Dean wiggles his eyebrows suggestively, then winks. “The only thing dangerous would be the spurs on your cowboy boots. Or…” Dean’s eyes brighten. “You put it on me! Oh hell yeah, it’ll be great! I know you have some kinky thoughts going on in that angel brain of yours.” He snatches the necklace off the table and dangles it in front of Cas. “You know you wanna…” he hums.
? Was there something
left. Dean had the car keys! Quietly cursing, Dean pulled out his phone and dialed Cas’ number.
“He’s not a monster,” Cas says, but the warmth in Dean’s eyes as he smiles at Jack tells him not to take offense.
Dean scowled. "I broke 3 phones this year. Got something more durable," he typed back.
“Yes but you love me anyway.” Cas’ eyes widened before he hastily deleted what he’d typed. Nope, he was
“I suppose that means my fears that you wouldn’t like what it made you do were unfounded.” The shadows behind Cas flare a second before he disappears. When he returns a moment later carrying a large metal bowl filled with birchwood and tinder, his wings are gone. Cas sets the bowl on their dresser and drops the amulet inside. He touches the side of the bowl and its contents light on fire.
And once his project was done, Dean started to message Cas for no reason at all. Sometimes it was to complain about work, sometimes it was to share a funny story about his day. Cas’ favorite messages were when Dean provided live commentary for whatever dramatic television show he was watching. Cas found himself settling in front of the TV those nights simply to follow along with Dean.
“Baby’s due for a good cleaning,” Dean declared as he walked, no,
no, Cas.” Dean took a long, pointed drink from his plain black coffee.
Dean’s eyes light up with interest. “Yeah? Good feeling?”
“You can come in!” Jack yelled back, practically bouncing on the balls of his feet with excitement.
Cas lurched for the poker. “Dean!” he called as he tossed it through the air, directly through the ghost. She howled and dissipated into smoke while Dean barely managed to close his fingers around the weapon. Cas and Dean stood back to back as they circled the room, Dean holding the iron poker at the ready.
“That is the most asinine thing I’ve ever heard.” Cas chuckled a few more times before taking a long sip of his straw.
“Better leave that attitude at home, bitch,” Dean said cheerfully. “It’s your anniversary, after all.”
“Dean,” Cas says softly. Words swell inside him, the ones he always locks up so tightly, and in a rush of panic he fears he might actually say them aloud, confess to Dean how much he loves him. He clears his throat, forces them back down. “I have more formula,” he says instead as he sets the bag on the counter.
Dean shrugged ruefully for a brief moment before his eyebrows rose with an optimistic glint in his eye. “You wouldn’t happen to know any ASL would you? It’d be a perfect chance for me to practice.”
is giving me ideas,” Dean counters with a laugh. He runs his hand against the wall. It feels no different, except for the warmth, but Cas’ breath hitches a little. “So really,
“Yes. Thank you. I was able to deduce that myself.” Cas turned back to his disaster. “I was trying to find a video to help fix it.”
The first time it happens Sam is the only one to hear it. They’re alone in the bunker, surrounded by months and months of tireless research. But finally,
He started typing. “What have you done on your own before asking us?”
with him? “
, every time he bent over, he was angled so his back was facing Cas, highlighting just how little his shorts were really covering.
Cas makes quick work of the clothes he has left while Dean grabs a bottle of lube from their nightstand. “Much better,” Dean says with a satisfied nod. Another amulet-driven impulse pings in his head, making him pause. Making him stop and stare openly at Cas, naked, muscles gleaming, cock rigid and eager, his face blazing with desire, powerful wings stretched out behind him. “Fuck, Cas…” Dean breathes. “You’re--fuck, I want you so bad.” Cas preens under Dean’s praise, flexing his wings until they curve along the far walls. Shifting, breathtaking shadows surround Dean’s vision on all sides.
He told himself it was just curiosity. After all, it was hard to see Dean’s face in his profile picture. Except, of course, only one photo was needed to satiate his curiosity, but Cas found himself clicking through more. Without the gaudy ball cap and fishing gear, Dean was incredibly handsome. Most of his photos were taken by other people, usually at some big event where he was smiling and laughing, often in plaid flannels. Cas couldn’t help but smile at the photo of Dean astride a mechanical bull, cowboy hat on his head, looking like he was having the time of his life. “Sam’s Bachelor Party” was the album.
“What’ve you got against normal coffee, man?”
“Another angel would have been sent. You would have been pulled from Hell anyway.”
had before.
, Dean thinks they’ve discovered how to get into the Empty.
"Oh, can you do extra spinach in my omelette? Gotta use it up; it's getting kinda wilted," Sam asks on his way out the door, like it's a given Dean will make him an omelette. Because it
They shared a silent laugh while Cas typed a reply, “This presents the same typing problem as just messaging each other.”
“This weekend,” Dean typed. “I’ll drive down to see you.”
“This looks like Susan and Marcy,” he said, letting his fingers trail along the frame of a painting over the dresser.
Dean gets a lecherous look in his eye and leans over Cas’ shoulder. “Depends on who puts it on whom, right?”
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean growled as he hung up. He stood up, but he still couldn’t see Cas. Had something happened? What if he’d gone in the water? What if he’d gotten pulled out to sea by a riptide? Despite knowing Cas didn’t even know how to swim, worry dripped ice cold down Dean’s spine, and before he knew it he was walking down the beach along the path Cas had taken.
“My angel,” Dean sighs, and Cas chokes out a broken, muffled sob of wanton need and starts to swallow around Dean’s dick like he needs it to live. Dean bites his lip against the intense pressure desperately clamped around the head of his cock, but he can’t last. In an instant he’s coming, hot and thick, straight down Cas’ eager throat. Pleasure pulses through his body so intense he’s afraid his knees might give out, and he throws his head back with a helpless groan as the last of his release is swallowed down.
Sam's expression does a complicated dance that Dean can't even begin to follow. But it suddenly clears into a look of dawning realization, followed quickly by horrified guilt, before it clamps down entirely.
Dean grinned as he reached over and plucked Cas’ cup from his hand. “Buddy, for you I’ll give it a shot,” he said as he took a sip from the straw.
Almost immediately Cas tilts sideways until he’s using Dean as a headrest again. "I don't see how you can stand getting up so early," Cas says around a slow sip of his coffee. He closes his eyes in appreciation and hums softly.
Cas smiled at him. “A completely understandable hesitation.”
look kind of ridiculous,” Dean shot back, scrambling to regain his conversational footing.
And Dean may think that often, but that’s
There’s a twitter of laughter from the crowd. Cas smiles a sweet, crooked smile and squeezes Dean’s hand. “I do.” His voice is soft, meant for Dean’s ears only, because Dean is the only one his promise matters to.
Dean swallows down a multitude of answers. He likes sharing the experience with Cas anyway. He thinks the way his face scrunches up at the molecules is cute. It makes him feel all warm and fuzzy inside that an angel --
Jack comes shuffling in while Dean is mixing up blueberry pancake batter, looking sleepy but chipper. He looks even happier when he sees what Dean’s cooking. “Excellent timing! Chop Sam’s tomatoes for me,” Dean commands before Jack even has a chance to say a ‘good morning!’ or grab some juice. The coffee is finally kicking in and dragging him into full wakefulness, but the patient parts of Dean’s brain don’t come online until at least 9am.
Cas sighed too, embarrassed at how badly he’d let his high school classes slip from his memory. “Why are you trying to practice? Are you taking a class?”
He really, really needs to tell Sam the truth about him and Cas. Hell, he’s been trying to for months! But every time the perfect opportunity presents itself, he turns into a fuckin’ coward.
“So why are we really here?” Cas asks after a few minutes of nibbling at his chips. Dean’s sandwich lays untouched on the blanket.
Excitement shoots through Dean’s body like a firework. Cas wings are wrapped around him. Holy shit, Cas’
Cas’ cool expression brightened into amusement. “Oh many, many stupid things,” he said with a laugh. “In fact, he’s written an entire book series about the kinds of stupidity men get into while clinging to outdated ideals of masculinity.”
The drink was warming through his limbs, but the light in Cas’ eyes was warmer. He looked content, if not a little overwhelmed by all the love his little family had shown him today. Dean leaned back in his chair and let the peacefulness of the moment wash over him.
“You don’t look like you’re enjoying that very much,” Dean said with a quiet chuckle as he stopped next to an empty chair.
“I dunno if I ever will,” he said quietly, a soft smile on his lips as he finally got to hold his angel.
“No, uh…” He laughed under his breath and pointed out another one. “Can I have this one? Extra large.” Sam paused for a moment, his perfect plan solidifying further. He grinned mischievously. “Actually, I’ll take a couple of ‘em.”
Dean shrugged. His fingers tapped against the tabletop. “It is, but hell, why not? Sam gets the week off with Eileen, why can’t we have a little vacation too?”
“We’re
needed help with a
Cas rolls his eyes. “My fantasy is changing to you being quiet for once.”
Susan smiled. “Well, if nightlife is your thing, there are some great spots within walking distance.”
“Marcy,” Dean breathed. Guess she didn’t need to wait for nightfall after all.
Cas relaxed a little. Okay, well at least this newbie had tried on his own awhile. “Are the dangling threads too short? They can get pulled back into the machine when you start sewing.”
A fierce blush leapt to Dean’s freckled cheeks, and he looked down as an embarrassed laugh bubbled up from his chest. “Jesus buddy, you can’t just say things like that!”
“You can’t just go stomping off whenever you get mad!”
Cas held up his hand in an awkward wave. “Hello,” he said, even though he was pretty sure they still couldn’t hear him.
Now it was Dean’s turn to squirm. He made a face, but Cas saw the way he winced a little first. Dean hesitated before he started typing. “Just that first time. To make sure you didn’t look like a serial killer.” Cas arched an eyebrow at Dean, who winked back. Cas’ heart skipped a beat.
“You’re probably not even going to sleep anyway,” Dean shot back.
“Because I love you, you stubborn ass!”
hard to stay still, to not hurt Cas, but then he remembers he doesn’t need to worry about that. He can fuck Cas’ throat as long as he wants, as hard as he wants. It won’t hurt Cas. Cas doesn’t even really need to breathe.
“And I totally understand if I’m crossing a line here.”
“Nah, screw that.” Dean flashed him a toothy grin. “Run away with me.” Cas laughed and looked down at his cup, a fond smile on his lips. Dean leaned in closer. “Seriously. You. Me. The open road. Endless gas station hotdogs. It’ll be a blast.” He said it in jest, but the fantasy was tempting. Driving around with the windows down, his hand on Cas’ thigh, discovering if the man’s taste in music was as terrible as his taste in coffee. Of course, in order to do that, Dean would have to have the courage to admit his playful flirting was actually sincere, and he wasn’t quite ready to own up to his crush.
that’s, well...
Cas let himself be led, his flip-flops flapping awkwardly over the sand. Dean laughed a little, even though his footing wasn’t much better. When they’d walked far enough away from the boardwalk, Dean unceremoniously dropped their bag and dug out a large blanket to lay out.
Please.
Cas heard nothing. He couldn’t hear Dean’s voice at all.
Cas brushed the thought aside as he clicked over to the small costuming group he helped run. There was a new member…unfortunately asking the usual newbie questions. The ones that could be answered by simply googling. The ones asked by people hoping to be spoonfed basic information instead of doing a bare minimum of research themselves.
The initial stretch as Cas pushes into him has Dean groaning into Cas’ mouth. His body is aching for Cas’ cock, thick and heavy, and as Cas fills him the fires of lust roar through his veins. Dean’s not sure if Cas can milk another orgasm out of him so soon, but dammit if Dean isn’t going to try.
Flowers? First peanut butter and now
He’s packed a lunch, because ostensibly this outing is meant to be a picnic, even though Cas is suspicious on that fact alone. Dean never picnics. It doesn’t really matter though, because Dean is too nervous to even consider eating.
Dean’s shoulders rose and fell in a silent sigh. “Oh well, that would have been a fun coincidence.” He signed something himself, but it didn’t look like anything to Cas, just Dean moving his hands around randomly.
Cas smiled back. “Hello, Dean,” he said, and Dean couldn’t help it. He laughed. God, how he loved this angel.
And like that, Dean’s fears seem so foolish. Cas loves him. Cas
“You’d eat a burger off the floor. Are you really trying to convince me you care about what
They arrived at the bunker around three in the morning. Cas had woken up once or twice on the drive, but it was only for a few minutes here or there, and he never said anything. Mostly he looked out the window, or glanced at Dean in the rear view, looking away if the hunter happened to catch his eye.
“Until I told you I love you.”
/“Cas.”/
Dean backed the car out, before pulling onto the single lane highway. It was late now, and getting dark out, he was tired and just wanted to get back to the cabin so he could try to sleep. In the rear-view, he watched the fire engulf more of the barn, and the old, rotting building quickly burning up and caving in. Dean had already phoned it in to the fire department, and the barn was no where that it could spread and cause damage.
“Cas?”
Dean held back the tears that threatened to fall, swallowing hard around the lump in his throat. Ever since the hunting accident, they had all known from day one that Cas was paralysed and wasn't going to get better. He'd lived longer than Dr. Russell had guessed he would, but now his declining health was speeding up. It was only a matter of time until-
Cas tried to calm himself down, tried to rationalize that Bobby was probably right. He took in deep breaths before looking to the older hunter and nodding.
Dean didn't want to let him go or move away. He knew it was selfish but he didn't want to do this. He'd known Cas for damn near eight years now, and the last two they'd been much more than just friends. It just wasn't fair.
The garage had a strange smell to it when they pulled in. Not bad or anything, just... something other than the usual smell of oil and dust.
“Hello? Who's this? I think I might have the wrong number.” said a man's voice on the other end of the phone. He had a slight drawl when he spoke. Not exactly southern, more small town.
The whole night he was plagued by dreams of his angel walking into that river, and never coming back out. It was torture, but his body needed sleep too much to let him wake up, and he was forced to watch the image replay over and over for what felt like hours.
no one wanted to try to fight him.
“Yeah.” Dean can still remember the fear on Jill’s face when he freaked out, and the disappointment the next day when he gave her a mostly fake explanation. The backstory didn’t matter when the conclusion was the same; no sex.
“I don’t know how to ask this without it sounding... I don’t know,
"Cas? You busy?"
/“It's my life! It's now or never! I ain't gonna live forever! I just want to live while I'm alive. It's my life!”/
Dean nodded, but remained still.
“Come on, Cas. I promise you’ll feel so much better after. Why don’t you take a shower and I’ll clean up in here a little, huh?”
“When I couldn’t fake it with Lisa anymore, you know what she said?
Dean sighed, he didn't know if he could talk about this with Sam, but his brother wasn't giving him much of a choice. He continued to stare Dean down, unrelenting, waiting for him to start talking. Dean stopped slouching and sat up a little, he just wanted to get this over with so he could try to stop thinking about it. He wouldn't have to say much, just something to sate his brother's curiosity.
Cas grinned and shuffled over. He had clearly built it with Dean in mind because it was plenty big enough for two large men. Settling in, Dean felt like he was on a cloud. Surrounded by softness and warmth and Castiel’s intoxicating scent, he almost felt high.
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel looks up from his book, a gentle smile on his face. “There’s fresh coffee in the carafe, and leftover pancakes in the fridge.”
After a moment, Dean nodded again.
"So?" Dean asked, eyebrows raised as he waited for an answer from Castiel.
“Him who?”
"I said room sixteen."
Now that it was in sight, Dean became nervous. What if Cas had left again when Dean panicked and took off? What if the angel didn't still love him? Dean shook his head at that. Cas must still feel something for him, otherwise why would the angel have come back in the first place?
“Why is that a bad thing? Her showing up?”
“Is something wrong?"
This is his last chance to come up with an excuse, or to leave the room and literally run away from this conversation. But Dean knows he won’t. Castiel deserves the truth. He deserved it a long time ago.
“You really liked it that much?” he said, barely a whisper. Barely a question. More of a revelation. Castiel watched as Dean learned and accepted that this wasn’t just something Cas had tolerated or done out of obligation, but something that he’d actively enjoyed.
“Usually 7 days, but it’s hard to know what this one will be like. It’s several years delayed, and I didn’t even know it was possible for a fallen angel to have a heat.”
But Dean and Castiel aren’t angry, and this isn’t exactly a fight, right? This is just a conversation.
“Little hypocritical there, Cas.”
That’s it, he can’t do this anymore. If this is what his life will be if he keeps lying, then there’s no point. Castiel is so distant they might as well be broken up. If he’s going to leave anyway, then he should at least know the truth first.
“I’m not going anywhere, Dean,” Castiel says. “Not unless you want me to.”
Dean's smile broadened.
Sam shoved the demon back hard and pulled the knife from his belt, preparing himself to fight. The demon's smile vanished when he saw the blade. He lunged for Sam again, but the hunter blocked him easily and stabbed the knife into the black eyed man's stomach. Orange lights flickered from his open mouth and wide eyes, before Sam pulled the knife out and shoved the body away. It rolled down the stairs to the side walk, stopping at a man's feet. Sam panicked a little. He thought fast.
Castiel hasn't fared much better. He’s clearly just as miserable, but his will is strong. He hasn’t made the first move, and Dean knows he won’t. Cas is older than Dean can understand. His patience isn’t infinite, but it’s stronger than Dean’s.
Smiling, Cas laid down with his head on Dean’s chest, arm wrapped tightly around Dean’s ribs. Dean closed his arms around his omega, holding Cas against him.
Castiel wrinkled his nose, and Dean could tell he was probably feeling the discomfort of not having any of those things yet.
“I just wanted to see if Jack was with you,” Alex rebutts. Alex and Jack have built a peculiar friendship. Dean couldn’t even pretend to guess what it involves. He tries not to think about it too closely, since he’s less likely to be held culpable that way.
It's a lovely song, Dean thinks, because he’s capable of objective thoughts, and then he thinks it's a terrible song, because Dean doesn’t want it.
“I don’t know if I ever said it. But you, Sam — you gave me this. You saved our lives. You...hell, I don’t know if we’ll even know half of what you’ve done for us. But, you saved the world, Dean. And now me and my girls get to live in it.”
When it finishes Cas’s arm, the heart is big enough to rear its disgusting head to devour Cas whole. A hundred jaws drool inky black. As it bites into Cas’s shoulder, it pops open a hundred inky white eyes, glassily intent on their prey. Cas keeps his smile fixed on his face, but Dean sees the corner of his mouth tightening with pain. He can’t ignore the tears leaking out of Cas’s eyes.
“You were in Hell? What were you looking for?”
Dean remembers asking Sam to keep the faith for him, about Cas being the only one who’s ever answered his prayers. Thinks about Cas coming to him, comforting him while he sobbed like a child. Thinks about the things he’s told Cas that he’s never told anyone.
They sit in a somewhat uncomfortable silence. Cas isn’t sure what makes the silence sit so wrong. He reasons that it’s probably the way Sam is staring at him, like he might perceive Castiel’s true form through sheer force of will if he could sufficiently resist blinking. Cas knows Sam to be a very capable man, but that seems a little out of his depth.
Laying across the entirely too small bed, Dean marvels.
It’s a beautiful place. Dean’s pretty sure that even he can’t kill it.
“Ah yeah. Okay, that's actually a classic thing. So like, say you have someone you want to tell something to, but you're not good with words — or, you're not sure how they would respond to the words?” Sam floundered. Dean should’ve helped him with that because he knew that Sam had never made a mixtape for anyone a day in his life, and also how the hell do you explain a high school experience to a 3 year old whose closest friends are maladjusted hunters and a creature who is older than humanity itself? But see, Dean was really busy with the kitchen counter, and luckily Sammy was actually a bonafide genius, so he trucked on. “So, basically, it's a way of communicating emotion — the way music communicates emotion, so if you have a song that you want to, uh…if you want to communicate what the song wants to communicate to someone, you can put it on a mixtape. Or, like, if the music is really important to you, you can share it that way?” Sam's voice lilted up at the end of the explanation, like even he wasn’t sure what he was saying.
The woman who spoke nodded. “Yeah, I think so. I saw him walking back toward town, though.” She pointed over her shoulder.
Cas shakes his head. “Unfortunately they never encountered an amulet like this one.”
Cas’ expression softens into longing. His hand clenches at his side, like he’s fighting the urge to reach out to Dean, but he smiles a soft, incredulous smile. “I can stay? You really mean it?”
The man tilted his head at Dean in consideration. “I think I will,” he said as he stood up. On his way to the counter, he dropped his weird drink into the garbage.
Dean circled around to the front of the kitchen island. Even though there
happy for you, I just wish this wasn’t happening over lunch…” Sam whines as he drops his hands on the table.
believable reluctance Dean has ever heard from him.
“Why is he so mad?”
“I thought I was a dick.”
Dean gestured toward the computer. He started talking but...nothing.
“Well then come over here. I’m cold.”
The next message was a very poor quality photo of a desktop monitor that had blue screened. “Charlie fixed my webcam problems, but I can’t have our call tonight.”
“Alright, I’m heading out.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Don’t lie to me. You wore one. I saw the Facebook photos.”
stop talking about eggs like that. I’ll never eat an omelette again!”
Dean didn’t reply for almost an hour, and Cas had already gotten up from his computer. It wasn’t until evening that Cas saw it.
Cas joined his hunter's side a moment later. He was also tense and annoyed, but he was more concerned over what the brothers would do.
For the second time in less than an hour, Dean’s heart dropped. He’d been right. Cas didn’t want him.
People were starting to leave the bar. It wasn't that late, but it had been a good show, and most of them had been standing though all of it.
“Tell me?” Castiel asks, and Dean knows he could shake his head and change the topic and Cas would let him. But he doesn’t want to. Half-truths and lies are what messed them up. Dean doesn’t want to do that again.
“What's in the box?!” Dean demanded. He was slowly working his was into hysteria.
“For what?”
Dean didn’t wait to see if that was true. He returned to his room and closed the door behind him, locking it without realizing it. Then he and Castiel were alone, and he could relax slightly.
"About damn time. Charlie owns me fifty bucks."
Sam shot him a quick glance before focusing on the road again.
As uncomfortable as it was to remember, it felt good to get this out. These were stories even Sam didn’t know or didn’t know fully. Purging them from his system, letting Cas help shoulder his baggage... it was a relief.
Dean wonders if Castiel can feel his hand shaking.
She reached a hand out across the counter. Castiel, who now understood this gesture, reached out and shook her hand. She had a firm grip, quickly establishing that she was by no mean meek or timid. Dean respected that.
Castiel kisses the top of his head again, gently rocking them both back and forth.
“Thank you, alpha,” Cas said, pulling back just enough to rest his forehead against Dean’s.
“No, of course I don’t mind, Cas. This is what you need right now.”
Realizing that Gary wouldn't leave without some sort of response, probably because of Sam, Dean jerked his head towards the door. Gary nodded and hustled out, holding his bloody nose again.
fine. C’mon, let’s either fuck or go to sleep.”
There was no way Cas would stay after this. It’s too big. And Dean is too scared. He wants to keep his life with Castiel. Imperfect as it is, it’s still worlds better than the alternative.
“That's complicated.”
Beth tried to imagine what could be worse then cheating or stealing, but then, she wasn't a hunter. She didn't know the extent of how bad “worse” could really be.
“Back?”
Cas relaxed again, letting out a shaky sigh.
Cas had taken a few days to consider their offer, and on the morning when he’d announced, over pancakes no less, that he’d made his choice, Dean nearly puked. Just as he’d been thinking he could never eat pancakes again, Cas had said that he was going to stay.
Dean looked both surprised and excited. It had always been him taking the lead, introducing Cas to the possibilities of sex. He’d tried to ask what Castiel wanted more than once, offered to make some of his fantasies come true, but Cas was so inexperienced and so thrilled to be with Dean in any regard, he hadn’t had an answer when Dean asked “What do you want?”
“Like I said, it's complicated. Before he died, well, before I thought he died-”
“Cas...” Dean panted. “Your fingers. In me. Please?”
Just as he was ready to push the blade through, a new, deeper, calm voice interrupted him.
“Actually, could you get a heating pad and some of that ginger tea ready for me?”
Cas knew he should leave now. He knew he should go back downstairs and wait until morning to talk to the Winchester, but he just couldn't. He couldn't make himself leave Dean. And, still coming out of his meditative state, Castiel could feel fear building inside his hunter, slow but steady and constant.
“Turn around for me?”
"Dean, stop."
Dean realizes he has been standing at the door, one hand on the knob while watching Castiel. He doesn’t want Cas to think he doesn’t want him here, so he moves away from the door. Probably too quickly to look natural, but Cas doesn’t comment on it.
Castiel sighed, grimacing as he rolled onto his back so he could keep Dean in his sight.
But when Dean tried to ask Castiel how he was feeling, offer some support, or even just ask if there was anything he could do to help, Cas brushed him off and quickly shuffled back down the hall to his room. It was a little rude, but Dean let it go. He himself wasn’t exactly known for keeping calm and polite when he was stressed, and Cas had been through the mother of all stressful life changes. Being a little snippy was understandable.
The realization stopped him short outside their door. That wasn’t normal. Cas’s smell should have had him hard and practically drooling, but he felt no different from when Cas had caught the flu for the first time last month. All he wanted to do was curl up around him and hold him.
People talked about how much it hurt an omega to be rejected during their heat, but no one ever told Dean it hurts alphas just as much. The pain was like a physical punch to the gut, and suddenly Dean couldn’t breathe.
She’d worked fast, in and out in less than five seconds, but even so, Castiel screamed and was sweating when she’d finished. He’d collapsed to his knees after a moment, and Dean had rushed to his side.
When Dean turned, Sam was just staring at him, a deep frown on his face.
It was completely soaked and ruined. No way he’d ever be able to get it clean.
The whole bar fell silent again at the outburst, and even Dean stopped short. Sam glared at the asshole in front of him, his fist clenched and his hole body tense, ready to take another swing. Dean stared at his brother in shock, mouth gaping before he forced himself to close it.
Dean shrugged, toying with the cards in his hand. The question sounded dumb, even to him. But he couldn’t stop worrying.
He could almost hear the frown in Sam’s voice when he asked, “Um, okay. What is it?”
“Oh,” he said. “Yes, I can do that.”
Emanuel seemed to get into what could only be described as a work mode. The last of his nervousness and fear seemed to vanish, and he concentrated.
One last kiss, and then Dean tucks his head back under Castiel’s chin. He drapes his arm over the former angel’s side, pulling him in even closer. Above him, he hears Castiel let out a bone-deep sigh and relax fully into Dean.
“So, how did you become a healer?” Sam asked Emanuel, glancing at the man beside him, before focusing on the road ahead again.
He fumbles for the lamp, only relaxing when light floods the room and he sees that he’s still in the bunker. The familiar sight of his room helps clear the nightmare from his mind. He takes a deep breath, and the familiar smell of laundry detergent and dust calms his stomach.
He took special care to stop at each of Dean’s scars, smothering them with as much love and devotion as he could. Cas knew Dean was still a little self-conscious, but he wanted him to know the scars didn’t bother him in the slightest. They made him feel even prouder of Dean than he already had. It took courage to be who he knew he was, especially when he had people trying to tell him otherwise. Dean hadn’t exactly grown up with a lot of support, besides Sam, but he’d never let that stop him from asserting himself as a man and doing what he had to in order to feel at home in his body.
“Dean?” Sam broke the silence.
“You were calling Bobby, right?”
With the flannel gone, it left Dean in a faded grey T-shirt. There was some sort of swirling design on the front, but Castiel didn’t recognize it. Still moving slow, his hands trailed down Dean’s sides until he could grip the bottom hem of the shirt. Dean raised his arms above his head as Cas pulled the shirt off, exposing two looped scars across his chest.
Dean sighed, briefly contemplating trying to fall back asleep. Strangely, he didn't feel like he usually did after a night of heavy drinking. No headache, no cotton mouth, no upset stomach. He almost felt like he'd simply fallen asleep, rather than blacked out.
Sam snorts but grabs the carton and the bagels anyway. He cuts one in half and pops it in the toaster, leaning back against the counter to watch Dean wash the same burners and elements he’d washed last week.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. He’s had this conversation with Cas a million times in his head and it never went well. What if Cas left him? What if he never wanted to see Dean again? He said he didn’t want to lose the trust between them again, but hadn’t Dean already ensured that would happen? He’d lied right from the start. How could Cas ever trust him now?
“Matthew. Should I call back later?”
Castiel’s heart ached for Dean. He didn’t talk about his past lovers often, if ever, and he talked about his transition even less. In fact, the only time he’d ever brought it up himself was on their second date.
Sam sputtered, looking like he had about 500 sentence beginnings running through his mind and no idea which he wanted to start with.
“Better. The shower helped a lot.”
He hadn’t realized how much that still bothered him. Lisa felt like such a distant memory. If anything, it was Ben who he was the most upset about leaving. But the memory of Lisa becoming more and more distant still hurt.
Cas did, a scent-drunk smile pulling at his face. Dean knew the feeling. The shower stall was small and their combined scents were building up. Dean was pumping out pheromones meant to reassure omegas in heat, and Cas’s body responded in kind. He gave off a happy, safe, omega smell Dean couldn’t get enough of.
“Uh, Cas? Gotta get off if you want me to move.”
Sam nodded, but he didn’t look convinced.
Dean laughed.
However, Dean knew there was no point in lying. He was sure his brother had already told Bobby everything, the older hunter just wanted to hear Dean say it himself.
“So Sam, you don't know what I'm going though. Hunting for you had been a way to distract yourself from thinking about Jess, for me, it just reminds me more of Cas. I trusted him, sometimes more than I trusted myself. He was always there when I needed him, even if I didn't call...”
He bit back his own sob, trying to get rid of the catch in his throat. Their last few meetings had ended like this. Teary and sad, desperately wondering when they could see each other again. Dean knew they were in this way too deep. Had it just been for the sex, he wouldn't have minded leaving so much, and he wouldn't count down the days 'till his next couple days off.
“Shut up.” Sam told the shifter. The last thing they needed was Dean remembering the monster was there.
Damn it. So close. Dean steeled his nerves and carefully schooled his features before he turned around to face the angel again. He was sitting up on the bed, still looked fidgety and nervous.
“Cas, fuck, fu- oh god, I’m- I’m gonna-” Dean choked, sounding barely aware of what he was saying.
Dean ignored him.
For a moment, Dean thinks about saying he needs to finish the dishes or clean up the kitchen. But that’s a flimsy excuse, and he knows it. There are two more cups and a casserole dish left to wash, and the kitchen is spotless except for a sauce mark on the counter. Even if Cas agreed, it would only delay the night by a few minutes.
Cas shrugged, a human gesture he was still fairly new to.
“Actually, I have some ideas about tonight. There’s... something I want. Something we haven’t done.”
Dean felt his eyes prickle, and a wide smile makes his cheeks ache.
Cas propped himself up against the headboard and reached for the food. Dean smiled and handed it to him, watching as Cas practically drooled over it.
to go buy his best friend a weird dildo, but he wanted to do
There was no defensiveness in Castiel's voice when he spoke next. He sounded calm, simply stating a true fact.
Dean shook his head.
But nothing changed.
He doesn’t even know what he’d say.  “Uh, hope you weren’t planning on cooking breakfast,” he says, gesturing to the partially dismantled stove.
Dean's ignored Sam's concern.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean said before he could let fear hold him back. “What if… I stayed after your heat ended too?”
Dean either didn't hear him, or didn't care. Sam saw him adjust his grip on the blade, and knew he was seconds from pushing it through.
Dean spun around so fast he made Sam jump.
“I have one more question, though,” Castiel says. Dean expects to feel his heart drop or anxiety spike, but neither happens. Cas said he’s not going anywhere and Dean believes him.
The angel went back upstairs to the room the older Winchester had been staying in. Up the stairs and the first and only door on the left. Castiel entered the room and looked around.
Sam grabbed the keys to his own stolen POS truck and hit the road within an hour of waking up. He had a lot of driving to do.
“I'm uh, looking for Emanuel?”
Charlie
“I know, we all did. Look, I wouldn't have said anything unless I was sure, okay? It's him. He's just...different.”
When they reached the bathroom, Dean realized they probably should have talked about boundaries first. Did Cas want Dean to touch him, or just to be there? Cas had always been fine with kissing, but would it be different when he was naked and feeling more vulnerable?
When Dean had to leave on a hunt, he and Castiel talked on the phone every night, until Sam yelled at Dean for using up all the minutes on their shared plan. But once Dean taught Cas how to text, they kept the calls short and instead spent hours texting until one of them fell asleep.
“You were so unhappy with an aspect of our relationship, and I didn’t notice.”
Another pause.
“Maybe in a nicer way, but yeah. Just check in with him. Maybe he thinks you should make the first move because you’re an alpha, and you have more experience.”
You'd think what would have bothered Dean the most about Castiel being gone would have been not having him around for big things. Holidays, his birthday, stuff like that, but it wasn't. It was the little, mundane things that reminded him just how much he missed that angel. He missed the comfortable silence between them while they were driving down the highway at two in the morning, trying to get home after a hunt. He missed how Cas used to tilt his head and narrow his eyes in confusion at pop culture references, even after Dean explained them. He missed calm, lazy nights in the bunker or motels, just the two of them sitting beside each other, legs touching and Dean's arm on the back of the couch, resting on his angel's shoulders as they watched movies and shows Dean insisted Cas needed to see. He missed the way Cas slowly learnt to love coffee, but never learnt how to work the coffee machine, and would whine every morning until Dean took pity on him and started it for him, smiling the whole time.
Castiel nodded slowly, the flush in his cheeks and neck not entirely from the fever. It wasn’t often Dean had seen Cas ashamed, and the sight didn’t sit well with him.
"I don't know, Cas." He sighed, tilting his head down slightly to plant a kiss in the dark, unruly hair of the man he loved.
Sam didn't have it in him to smile back, he was too worried about his big brother.
“I don’t know, Cas. I wanted to, but I was scared. I just didn’t know how to say it.”
The angel had given so much and risked his life for the sake of humanity, and this was his reward? Being de-powered until he was practically human, and then the paralysis? He deserved so much more.
“No, Dean, you can't! You're trying to, but it's eating away at you. Look, I don't know if I can help, but please, talk to me. Tell me why you're acting the way you are.”
“I was just thinking, I started wearing blockers because I kept getting hit on by alphas-”
“Feeling good, Cas?”
“What is it? If you're worried about me, don't be. I can deal with the Hell thing, it's my problem.”
“Have you talked to him about it?”
“I’m so sorry, Dean.”
“I want you to move into my room and make it ours. I want to fall asleep like this every night and wake up the same way every morning. I want to hold your hand every chance I get and kiss you even more. I want people to know I’m taken and I want them to know it’s by you.”
“You dissociated.”
doing the dishes, “More than purgatory, Dean. I hate this more than purgatory.” But he still did them when it was his turn, grumbling the entire time.
When he reached Dean’s waistband, he stopped to look up. Dean’s pupils were blown so wide he looked high when he met Cas’s eyes, but he didn’t hesitate to nod.
"Hey, Gary!" he shouted over the noise. "Quiet down!"
The older of the two hunters huffed in acknowledgement that Sam had spoken, and nodded as he circled around the front of the car to the driver's side. The younger Winchester felt his hope fall when he saw that clearly something else was still eating away at his brother.
“Oh, we are definitely doing that again.”
Dean trailed off. Cas nodded again.
“C’mon,” Dean said, taking Cas’s hand and leading him into a shower stall. He positioned Cas near the stall door shielding him from the first icy blast of water as the shower heated. Once the water was warm and consistent, Dean guided Cas under the spray.
Cas’s eyes met Dean’s for the first time in days. For a moment Dean thought Cas wouldn’t answer. But then the former angel sighed.
Castiel set his empty bottle down and nodded, following the hunter out the door and into the warm summer night air.
Gary's face drained of colour. Sam wasn't done though. The bar stayed quiet and still, the little group had an audience now.
“Fine,” Castiel says, in a tone that Dean recognizes, but hasn’t heard in a long time. It’s cold and impersonal, the way Castiel speaks to strangers. The way he hasn’t spoken to Dean since before they were even friends. “If you’re tired, then you should sleep.”
“So, if this omega-”
Sam was too shocked at first to do anything. The bar quieted down a little, it seemed everyone else was shocked too. Sam looked over to his brother and the angel to see if they had heard it. Dean was still kissing Cas, both obviously oblivious to the asshole who had just tried to insult them. Sam thought about letting it go. If Dean and Cas hadn't heard anything, why cause a scene? It would only remind the two that some people thought they were an abomination.
Cas wrinkled his nose at the term, but let it slide.
“That depends. Is the omega in question uninterested in sex all the time?”
“Well, Dean,” she said as she refilled one of the glasses. “I gotta tell you, not many people come in here before eleven asking for a drink. So, if you don't mind me asking, why are you here? Girlfriend trouble?”
/“Great,”/ Sam thought. /“Now we'll never get out of here.”/
They stayed quiet for a moment, just enjoying each others' company without Sam or Bobby around. These moments were slowly becoming rare, and soon they would be gone all together, so both men savoured them when they could.
“Cas?”
"Cas," Dean interrupted. "We don't have to talk about this now. You should get some sleep."
“No!” Dean wailed at his brother. “He's alright. You tell me!”
“Please look at me?” Cas asks, so quietly Dean almost doesn’t hear it. Or maybe Cas is speaking normally and it just sounds quiet by the time it passes through the fog in his mind.
Cas observed him for a moment, before nodding.
Sam decided he would pull into the next gas station to call Bobby.
When Sam hit the wall, he dropped the knife, and watched as the demons proceeded to kick it away. The Winchester knew he was in trouble now.
Cas frowned at him, brushing away the sweaty hair from his forehead.
Emanuel settled himself into the seat, and waited for Sam to start driving. The Winchester knew this was going to be an awkward ride, for him at least, but he aimed to try and figure out how Cas had survived the leviathans, and what he'd been doing the past couple months.
Dean found Sam in the kitchen pulling steaks out of the freezer and placing them in the sink to thaw. When he heard Dean he turned around, his body language cautious, eyes averted just in case. They were decently far from Castiel out here, but the whole bunker smelled faintly of him, and Dean might subconsciously think of the whole bunker as
“No. Sometimes that bothers me, but I made a life for myself, and it's a good life.”
Dean’s heart sank while his mind raced. Cas must have seen the panic building, because he quickly continued.
“I knew I loved you. I’d known for a long time. But I didn’t want to watch you leave when I wasn’t enough. I thought it was better if we just ignored what was happening between us, at least then I could have you as my friend. But after you said those words, I couldn’t pretend anymore.”
Sam watched with wide eyes and a gaping mouth, shocked not only by Dean's new strength, but by the pleasure he had taken in killing Magnus.
Sam decided he needed to change the subject soon, before he outright told Castiel everything and pleaded with him to remember.
Sam’s eyebrows disappeared into his bangs.
Bobby wondered if he should tell Dean now, or let Cas do it himself. He decided that the angel and Sam would be back soon enough, it should be up to Castiel to tell Dean he was still alive. Besides, the oldest Winchester was sleeping right now. Well, blacked out is more like it.
Castiel nodded, but kept silent and let Dean go on.
It didn't take Dean long to find a bar in town. He had thought about just buying some hard booze at a store, but he couldn't go back to the cabin yet, and he wasn't about to sit in his car drinking. He wasn't quite that pathetic. No yet at least.
Dean and Cas were sitting up at the counter, talking and laughing easily about nothing in particular. It wasn't too crowded here tonight, a few people were in the nearby booths, a few were mingling on open floor space, and a few other guys were up at the bar a few seats down from the hunter and his angel, talking amongst themselves.
Not that he thought Dean was unsatisfied. He always seemed satiated when they curled up together afterward, relaxing in the afterglow. It was just that Cas wasn’t the one to get him there, and that was disappointing. As hot as it was to watch Dean bring himself off while Cas was still coming down from his own orgasm, Cas still ached to touch him.
“No, I mean we’ll still go. But, it won’t be the same. Claire will be worried the whole time now. She won’t be able to cut loose.” Dean quirks his eyebrows and takes a sip of coffee. That's apparently enough for Kaia.
“Cas! Get this! Patience’s college has a food hall, and it has a cereal bar! Can you believe that? It was all just sitting there, and they have like 8 different types! And a soft serve ice cream machine!”
And Dean, who has faced gods and monsters the likes of which you can't imagine, runs away to his room.
He knows it’s selfish, but he lets himself want it anyway.
Cas is making him a mixtape with a love song and a song called COWBOY LIKE ME? By Taylor Swift?!
Wait, is ‘Mind company?’ flirtatious sounding? Fuck.
(See the end of the chapter for
He doesn’t make it quite fast enough to avoid hearing
She blinks down at the body that was never even close to coming in range, then smiles back at Dean. It’d been her plan, and it was the best one they’d had. He said he could make the shot, and he had.
,  he follows up with, “We might have a case in Wichita.”
Sam looks up, seeming to sense Cas’s turmoil, or perhaps simply curious about the long silence. In a show of unbelievable camaraderie, Sam closes his book and turns his attention fully to Cas.
you.’
Castiel smiled, which made Dean's heart skip a beat somewhere between terror and absolute shit pantsing terror. Since Dean is dumb, but he's no fool, he left for the kitchen, saying some idiotic shit to Cas about how he'd be making grilled cheeses, and if Cas wanted his dumb fancy cheese, he could go get it himself.
Dean breezes into the kitchen, squeezes Cas's arm as he passes, and takes the mug of coffee that Jack already has set up for him because Jack is apparently the strongest and best Winchester. Dean ruffles his hair and then, because he hasn't had coffee yet, and he's tired, and honestly he's mentally making pancakes in his mind, he drops a kiss onto Jack’s forehead as he bustles into the kitchen.
In his defense, Dean’s focus is split. His Uno strategy may be suffering, but at least he finally figured out how Claire and Eileen are cheating. They’re palming cards to each other, while also sneaking extras into other people’s decks when they’re not looking.
But also, good news! While we initially listed this installment as including 10 chapters, that number was a guesstimate. 10 chapters were completely sufficient for well-adjusted Eileen to complete her arc, but because our repressed boys are all NIGHTMARE humans, we're anticipating another 2-3 chapters being needed to wrap up their nonsense. Never fear! We are committed to that happy ending tag, and we will write as many chapters as we need to get us there.
Dean takes Baby to the open road and lets the tape play.
That Dean, maybe. That Dean had a chance of looking at Castiel with half a hope of saying something back. That Dean might have made loving fun.
Dean’s not even jealous. He’s just weirdly proud.
and Dean is thinking about the beginning — the very beginning, Uriel saying “Castiel, he has this weakness: he likes you,” Naomi messing around in Cas’s brain, and Cas waiting and waiting and waiting. Cas had held his love like a secret precious thing, unwilling to share it even with the object of his affection.
Sam signs “Shower” and “Together,” throwing in a few suggestive eyebrows that have Eileen shoving his shoulder with laughter. She taught him that exact phrase this morning.
Dean sinks into his armchair.
The next song starts and he has to pause because What The Fuck?
“I could go,” he volunteers, almost instinctively. As soon as the words leave his mouth though, he gets a rush at the idea. That’s perfect. It gets him out of the bunker, it gives him something to do, and it puts him far away from Cas without making it look like he’s trying to get far away from Cas. Plus, Eileen’s not into touchy-feely crap, and she has excellent instincts. She’s great to hunt with. As far as Dean’s concerned, anyone who’s willing to take a swing at God for Sam is a great person to kill monsters with.
Dean’s hands shoot to Cas’s belt because he’s not stupid, but Cas brings a tender hand to Dean’s cheek. Dean is closing his eyes and leaning into Cas’s palm before he consciously decides to do so. The kiss Cas guides Dean into is soft and holy, and Dean feels a surprising heat behind his eyelids.
The man’s basically naked in the library. Dean’s pretty sure he’s had nightmares that start like this.
, but he can’t work up more confusion, since the song continues on with more professions that the singer is not. Dean looks down at the papers in his fist as the singer says
Cas, it turns out, is wearing shoes. Dean knows because he’s staring at them. This conversation has been a complete trainwreck.
He doesn’t sing along with the song, but he thinks that maybe he could.
I Will Follow You Into The Dark reminds Dean he can’t push Cas out and away, since they’re apparently dating, and even death isn’t an out.
Cas might have had a response of some kind, but Dean wouldn’t know. He’s finally doing the smart thing and making a tactical retreat to the kitchen.
But Cas’s soft lips brushing against Dean’s knuckles punch his eyes open, rip open his chest, and leave his breath trapped in his throat.
He slides the walkman and the card into his pocket but doesn't bother to bring his headphones with him.
That was okay. Cas isn’t going to be mad about it. Cas liked it. And it’s not like anyone else was there, so no one else would know.
He dips his fancy grilled cheeses into tomato soup. He's a real boy.
pipes through the headphones.
Dean stares down at the walkman in his left hand, the tape already loaded so he doesn't have to stare any longer at Cas's surprisingly delicate handwriting proclaiming “For Dean,” and tries to figure out what's worse: listening to it or not listening to it.
and Dean feels a chain wrap around his neck.
Impossibly, this confuses Jody even more. “Oh. I —” She regards him. “Oh.”
Since the options are to stare moodily at the lake while working in silence or stare moodily at the lake while listening to music, Dean slides the headphones onto his ears. At least the work is nearly done. He listens to House on Fire one more time, since that's where the tape starts. Dean finds it easier to listen to now, using the nail gun to punctuate the beat. Then, he listens to it again, just because it’s the right kind of music for back breaking work in the sun. He catches
He restarts the song.
They all slide into the Impala because neither Claire nor Kaia is fully online yet, so he drives them over to a diner in town where he knows they can get greasy breakfasts and coffee. Blessed, glorious coffee.
The hunt makes more sense after Dean’s revelation, in that it starts to make sense at all. There are too many combinations of supernatural creatures that could end up with “Blood Drained, Organs Eaten,” so it still moves slowly, but Eileen’s mostly glad that it’s not a god of some kind.
He deflects, fast. “What about you? Anyone in your life?” He peppers her with questions as she talks about Rob. He’d vetted Robert Costa (age 43, SSN 154-76-2612, criminal record, but only for being arrested at protests) as soon as the two of them had moved in together, but it's not like he’s going to say that. Dean likes Rob. Rob is way better than the guy she’d dated immediately after Dean. Cassie’s string of lovers was a bit like watching a step program where each one is better than the last. Rob was a good man, and a gentle person.
Dean hauls a blanket over Jack and goes to walk out of the room when one of Jack's hands snakes out and grabs him by the wrist.
Now, he's putting
“He would already know. Because you love him.”
Distantly, Dean thinks he should be panicking. Instead, he’s swaying softly in the kitchen, smiling like an idiot, adding probably too much cumin to the chili. It’s weird, he thinks. He knew Cas loved him. He remembers with startling clarity exactly every word Cas had said to him as he confessed. He’s just not sure he’d understood it before.
Jody had caught him staring at the water one too many times last visit, and Dean hadn’t wanted to say why he found it hard to look at, so he’d instead said, “Just wonderin’ if it has any fish.” Somehow, that conversation had turned into Dean building Jody a dock.
“Aw, come on,” he starts. He has to say something, otherwise the blood will never leave his face. “Don't thank me yet. You might not even like it.”
Jack’s powers as a nephilim had been vast and uncharted. His powers now blew those out of the water. Cas wonders how he didn’t anticipate that Jack would be able to see human souls. Most angels can. It’s a matter of tuning to the right frequencies — not a thing one needs to do frequently, although Cas confesses he often watches the ebb and rise of Dean’s spirit. Sam’s soul is beautiful, but inhabited in his body the way a soul is meant to. Dean’s soul flows out of him freely, constantly spilling out on the ground around him, overfull and pulsing with care. It often reaches out to people who pass too close. It flares and brightens when he looks at Sam, or his car, or strangers, or coffee, or birds, or leaves, or anything that Dean determines is important and worthy of love, which seems to be everything in the world but himself.
“No. I’m not nervous because of the ceremony. The spell work is actually really simple.” It’s more a pooling of magic than a spell. Sam figures it could be channeled into massive power, but there’s nothing specific any of them will be trying to accomplish, so it’s more a communal meditation. Sam’s done harder spell work while being actively shot at.
Cas smiles, and Dean sees the sun glancing off the lake behind him. He thinks about the four of them fishing on that dock someday.
Dean slides into the car, pops the tape back into the deck, and lets Cas’s affection flow over him with Frank Sinatra’s voice. Maybe he can’t give Cas what he deserves, but Dean could give him this.
Sam startles. “What?”
Alistair's voice curls in the back of his mind, but Dean blacks it out as firmly as he can. He hears his mom saying
A charged silence stretches between them, and Dean — using considerable willpower not to think about the poem, or the warmth of Cas’s embrace — thinks
this time, and it actually makes him almost smile. Cas is a lot of things, but stubborn bastard is definitely high on that list.
Sam gives him a funny look. Cas feels himself frown in response. He doesn’t know what that look means, he doesn’t know what Dean was afraid of, he doesn’t know why Dean would send him away just to sleep and suffer. Dean has nightmares every night. Cas would give anything to be allowed to push them away. To spend the night in Dean's bed, to allow him rest.
He’s thinking about Claire, nearly a werewolf, and Kaia, nearly abandoned in the bad place. He’s thinking of his gun pressed against Kaia’s forehead and Claire saying “Dean Winchester is a monster.” He’s thinking about being able to let go, and how pathetically, stupidly grateful he is that Kaia and Claire are able, at least sometimes, to put down what they carry.
Honestly, if the bodies hadn’t coincidentally been found on the full moon, she’s not certain they would have even realised there was a hunt here.
So, Dean had picked himself off the floor and dragged Sammy with him, until half the time he was faking a smile, he even actually meant it.
“I —” But what is he supposed to say? How does he explain that he gets it? He absolutely gets it. He doesn’t think he’s worth that, but God, he understands it. Cas thinks of Dean as family on par with Jack, and Dean is never going to fault someone for trying to save their family. Cas continues, past the sound of Dean choking down another useless sentence.
“He loves you very much.” Here, Sam looks at the table, like this is a truth of which to be ashamed. Cas knows Sam well enough to know that Sam isn’t ashamed that his brother loves him, so he must be ashamed of the emotion this sentiment elicits.
makes him hyper aware of the feeling of Baby’s steering wheel under his palm.
Dean rolls his eyes. A lull settles. Dean flips the walkman in his right hand just to have something to do, and Sam’s grin gives way to a thoughtful expression.
The lyrics start nearly immediately with
. That, at least, he has no argument with.
Perhaps some of the garrison will assist him. Zadkiel will certainly be interested in any endeavor that benefits Dean, and it might be educational for them all. So few of the angels were there for the formation of the mountains. It will be fun. “Maybe sooner.”
Okay, so. The situation. Sam’s happy with how things have shaken out. It’s not the ending he saw coming, but it’s pretty great. Cas and Jack. Jody, Donna, and the girls. Eileen. He’s surrounded by people he loves — or, well. He spares a quick glance at Eileen, doing a shockingly absurd victory dance — uh, people he could love. Could be
“He’s tough as nails,” Dean agrees, since it's true. “And you’re right, he’s smart. Although, you wouldn’t believe the dumb ass plans he comes up with sometimes. I swear he’s never met a problem he didn’t think he had to solve himself.” Wait, that also kinda describes Cassie. Does Dean have a type?
Dean grabs a cold fry from her plate with a wry grin, flagging down the waitress for more coffee.
He puts his head down, pushing his palms into his eyes like the heels of his hands could banish that selfish thought. He’s acting like a child. He just —
Cassie hums thoughtfully, and then turns her sharp eyes to Claire. Looks her up and down once, and says, “This man, he raised you?”
Cas doesn’t revisit Sam’s advice until a few days later.
“That’s—” God, if Cas could stop looking at him, Dean could lie and say that the tape made him unhappy and that’d be the end. Cas would never do it again.
They literally split up 5 minutes ago. She and Dean had a nice relaxing car ride and decided to call it for the night when the witness provided no further leads. Eileen is already having nightmares where she has to live in Tulsa, Oklahoma for 6 months until another body drops.
Buried anger at the British Men of Letters curls scratching fingers out of the dirt before he tamps it down again, forcing it below. He spares a second to consider the logistics of traveling to London, envisions ripping apart whoever thought it was okay to hunt Eileen down with the one creature she’d have no defense against. They earned whatever punishments he can give out for daring to exploit any part of her like it was a weakness.
God, Sam is bad at this. For a second, he wishes he was a bit more like Dean, who always seems to find the right words, who can put people at ease, who’s always known who he is.
Eileen attempts to choke down the slightly-too-dry burger with a swig of beer while Dean takes a phone call. When she focuses back on him, he’s finished both the call and his burger.
He can’t do this alone. Why is he always alone? Why does everyone leave?
Dean would have loved Jess if she ever got a chance to meet him, but that’s a distant pain now. Sam thinks about Dean’s quiet support, his approval, how freely he gives Sam his love. He thinks about Eileen’s sharp wit, and her instinct, and her kindness. It’ll be nice for Eileen and Dean to get closer. It’s nice that Dean is trying to get closer to her.
Dean’s phone buzzes with a text reply from Sam, and that makes it easier somehow. Not only is Sam alive — he’s also good. Sam is building a happy ending, and Dean doesn’t want to change that. Dean’s stupidly proud of how Sam turned out. He might not need his big brother anymore, but Dean had been there when he did. He can’t undo his own story without undoing Sam’s.
Dean’s hands curl around the steering wheel, and he hears
He glares at his phone for a solid three minutes, marveling at how idiotic he sounds.
Fuck, that song is stuck in his head.
“Is that…” Cas speaks every language known to man (and several not known to man), but he can’t seem to find the right words to say what he needs. Language is often limiting.
Dean fails. He can’t hold it back anymore — can’t even try. Sobbing, gasping nothing escapes his throat. Not nothing, it’s not nothing. It hurts.
Sam smiles at him, Cas smiles back, and they both retreat to their books. Dean is so good with Jack, now that he’s been given a chance to be. He has more patience than any of them for Jack’s antics, and he’s the best at casually redirecting Jack’s energy, even though he’s also easily charmed.
because he’s still thinking about
Jesus. What is wrong with him?
Is that supposed to be Cas? Dean?
Dean changes course and gets some whiskey. It’s 3:30pm. That's close enough to five.
Dean’s ears are tired from the screaming, and his body is tired from everything else, so he lays down on the hard motel bed and falls asleep with no complaints.
A/N: Sorry. Time is an illusion and we forgot what Fridays are! Also it's possible that Yar didn't realize that she had to hit the post button. This is why Non is in charge 😂
Anyway, yelling distance is good. And when they want privacy, well, that's why people buy headphones. Dean's always happy to throw on a tape. Any tape really. I mean, he has his walkman in the kitchen right now, and it has a tape loaded in it.
They pull into the garage at the bunker, planning to split off, Sam citing need of a shower and Eileen citing Sam’s need of a shower (he knows it's so she can eat her caramels without Sam stealing any more — they were surprisingly good).
and hears his own, soft, “Don’t.” His pleading, “Why does this sound like goodbye?” He sees Cas’s body lit up on the pyre.
Cas holds him, gently. Dean feels Cas all around him, safe in his grip. A warm weight encircles them, as if to hide them from the rest of the world. The last of Dean’s barriers shatter.
He’s rough. He can even be mean. He’s got dark corners. But, Dean loves his family. He loves his family so much, he sloughs off prejudices he should otherwise have because he looks at the people around him purely to love them wholly and completely for who they are.
One last song. He can power through it and go back to never thinking about this again. He can finish this and then paste on the Dean Winchester that Cas likes. He just has to finish this tape, and then he can smile at Cas and say he enjoyed it and tell him to stop. He can make himself someone different.
Dean slams his fist in again. The divider cracks. The ragged plastic rips skin from his knuckles as his hand pushes through at the unexpected give.
The dock is dry, in that he doesn’t have to worry about the stain coming off onto his clothes, but it’s also wet, in that it's covered in morning dew. Dean bundles his jacket up, sits down, and stares up at the sky.
Sam’s never read much Vonnegut. Listening to Dean and Patience exchange interpretations, he wonders if he should.
For a second, he's worried that Cas is going to ask him about the mixtape right there and then. That he'll have to explain it to Sam or Jack. Instead, Cas just serves him a big smile, wide as you've ever seen.
He feels the beginning of a thought forming and sets himself to examining it. The mixtapes seem to make Dean very happy. They are an action that Dean can see and hear and touch. If Cas wants Dean to view himself in the same light that Cas sees him, perhaps a mixtape would do the trick.
The next song doesn't have lyrics, which is great, but also awful, because it leaves Inside Out rattling in his brain. He can't steer himself to any other thoughts with the dark and atmospheric piece playing under it.
and doesn’t even bother praying for that to be not true. He knows, okay? He knows.
Then, he takes a big breath, opens the fridge door, and grabs a few beers.
There’s no version of him that gets to keep something like this.
which is how Dean knows his brain has returned to baseline.
“I am not a punching bag for your anger,” Cas snarls. “If you’re going to be a child,” don’t leave, don’t leave, please don’t, “I will leave.”
The lyrics to the next song start immediately, and he listens to
Cas opens his mouth to say something more, but Dean’s hands fly off the desk, cupping Cas’s cheeks in a frantic bid to make him stop. Dean’s heart is pacing wildly in its cage, pushing at weak hinges and rattling the locks. Dean surges forward before he can think, pressing desperate lips full of things he cannot say against Castiel’s softly shocked mouth.
He still has 3 hours, and it’s not like anyone is going to catch him. Plus, Cas would have expected him to be finished with this tape days ago.
If Cas thinks that's going to make Dean run off with his tail between his legs, he’s got another thing coming.
That leaves him and Cas alone in the bunker. Dean’s not sure what happens next, but he knows he’s going to be the villain or the fool, and he has no interest in being either, though he knows he’s probably both.
It's beautiful. Wistful. It sounds like homesickness, but also like coming home. Dean softens with the music and lets it lull him to sleep.
Even softer, Dean exhaled, “I can’t.”
changes Dean's half smile into a broad grin. He’s suddenly thinking about Cas pitching an apiary for the field behind the bunker, and Cas distributing ziplocs of honey, and Cas showing up on his car covered in nothing but bees. Dean’s amusement and Cas’s persisting love of all things bee carry him to
“Dean?”
“Aw, Cas, you’ll always be my favorite angel in a trench coat.” Dean says, because he can also be a little shit sometimes. He wanders down from the porch to stand next to Castiel.
Or dead.
It’s loud. Dean can hear the sob over the lyrics.
It had just been the lighting, but Jesus.
“Right. Obviously,” Sam says, and he’s laughing. Cas can tell. “Look, it’s not. Dean’s is. If you...huh.”
and allows himself to rest.
Dean lets the song tick over and laughs as a vaguely techno beat pitches above the rhythm of symphony strings. He can't stop himself from smiling. Cas is so human in some ways, and so delightfully un-human in others. He probably doesn't even get the concept of genre. Castiel probably just said, “I like this song,” and moved on — no shame, no concern about whether that was cool, or if people would judge him. He just likes “Untouched” by the Veronicas, and it made him think of Dean, so why not put it on the tape? Dean likes the surprise of it, and doesn't read ahead on the paper if he can help it.
does manage to drag a smile out of him. Cas is literally the vehicle by which miracles occur. It’s a funny line for Cas to include. Cas is a real funny bastard, and half the time it's even on purpose.
Dean doesn’t get it, but Dean doesn’t have to get it. He just has to listen to it, and appreciate it, and respect it.
He pops the tape out of his car when he slides home,
Someone had to.
She really really likes him. But not so much that she’s willing to die again.
“You don’t actually like me at all,” Zadkiel concludes, and no being that can probably smite half the eastern seaboard should look so upset that Dean Winchester doesn’t like them.
Dean blinks. “Okay. So, what’s the problem?” It's a testament to Patience’s turbulent emotions that she doesn’t roll her eyes.
“Leaving dishes in the sink is gross, Sammy.” That comes out a bit harsher than he’s trying for, but Sam doesn't seem fazed.
Dean steals another look at Eileen, who has fished out her phone and is excitedly texting someone. Based on the smile stretching across her face, Dean assumes it’s Sam.
Apparently, Dean Winchester simply doesn’t know what a bisexual is.
Eileen uses the monologue to gently circle, approaching a clean dash towards the door, but it’s difficult. She doesn’t want to take her eyes off the Aswang in front of her.
When he’s done, when he’s too exhausted to feel anything at all, he walks back to Baby, slides into her comforting embrace, and tries to pretend that he deserves it.
It was a good memory, and —
Dean realizes it isn’t a poem. It’s an execution.
Does Eileen want to come? She’s been on the road for a while, and she’s getting a bit tired. On the other hand, accompanying Dean to kill a nest of four vampires won’t take much work on her part. Dean could probably handle that nest with his eyes closed.
She’s happily curled up in Baby as Dean fights to keep his hands unclenched, his face neutral.
“Oh Dean,” Cas says in a flutter. “It’s beautiful.”
He rewinds it and listens again.
“I only took people no one would miss. I’m not heartless, you know.” Isabelle drops her sheen of composure. “But you hunters clearly can’t be reasoned with.” Her eyes sharpen, bloodshot. Sometimes, monsters that can shapeshift make it difficult to recognise them as a threat. Not this time. “Drifters, bums, assholes — and, of course, hunters like you. That’s who I kill. Imbeciles who think they stand a chance against me. People with no one left and no one to look for them.” Isabelle feels like a killer.
No Content Warnings for this one! This chapter is just soft and silly as fuck.
Family Game Night RIGHTS.
He swallows his coffee wrong and coughs. He rewinds the song. And tries again — and then he puts his coffee cup down, because he can't drink coffee right now. He can't breathe because
Dean fills up his empty glass. The song turns over.
“You seem, I dunno. Distracted.” Cas
Now, the bad news: because Yar is preparing for a MASSIVE TEST next Friday, we will be taking a one week hiatus from posting. We will, however, accept any and all comments as confidence fodder to carry her through the ordeal.
“Uh, yeah.” The table doesn’t respond, so after a few seconds Dean continues just to kill the silence. “How did you think they got there? It’s not like we have a delivery address for our
Dean has no idea how to interpret this.
“So. Nachos!” Dean’s pretty sure he’s seen trainwrecks that were less idiotic. “I’m gonna go make the nachos,” Dean clarifies, since the statement wasn’t bad enough on its own.
Dean would untangle his relationship with Jack in his own time, now that he was free to do so. Cas had complete faith.
A/N: Hi friends! Many notes, but I will try to be brief:
Sam thinks back, trying to remember when Dean last talked about his cooking — wry bragging, or even just excitement about eating it. Cas had brought back dragonfruit a month and a half ago, and Dean had marveled at it. Laughed. Made some wildly good guacamole, which is not what Sam had expected, but had earned a top rating in the journal.
It’s not like Cas is writing the song though, so there are gonna be some discrepancies. Plus
You rise.
Dean returns to Baby. He thinks about driving to the bunker, but chokes on the idea of walking in to see Cas gone, or worse, Cas packing. Jack would go with him, which would destroy Sam.
“Shut up. I’m — I’m saying, I want you to be happy, and I don’t really know how retiring would work, but I can try. We can try.”
“Sammy, you dog,” Dean smirks, eyebrows dancing towards his hairline.
That had been better, even in all the ways that it was worse. Cas and Jack alive is always better.
Sam, briefly, toys with the idea of saying yes. Claiming that there is a hunt, then pretending to spend the weekend with Eileen while going to the lunar ceremony instead.
Patience wins the second round of Uno, but the game takes 2 and a half hours. She’s a cat with a canary about the victory, so Dean is surprised when he finds her standing aimlessly in the kitchen 20 minutes later.
Dean knows he’ll never deserve the way that Cas so clearly feels about him, but maybe, if he’s really good and really clever, he can stop Cas from realising that, too.
Don’t leave me.
“And who are you,” Cas simmers, “to tell me what I can or cannot do with my love? It is mine.”
Eileen had almost died, laughing on the job like that.
Sam’s horrified bitch face is at least half the reason Dean makes puns like this. Disgust is it’s own reward.
Dean feels like an idiot, and he doesn’t want to say anything stupider, so he takes a big swig of his beer and looks away. He feels a bit warm, sitting in the sun as they are.
It doesn’t even get a laugh. Dean usually loves her Deaf jokes. Instead, he merely signs “but” and “girl” with his eyebrows furrowed.
“Uh, right.” Sam spins back to the coffee maker, setting about his task.
“Cassie, meet Claire and Kaia.” Dean says. Cassie, who already introduced herself to them but is a good sport, smiles and waves “Hi” again.
As usual, it is a complete tonal departure, so it jolts Dean out of his confusion for a second.
Maybe he can pretend to be this person that Cas thinks he is. Find a way to be
“DEAN!”
Cas flies close to Jack, smiling down, and lets himself preen Jack’s wings a bit. Jack doesn’t squirm away in embarrassment, shifting slightly to give Cas better access, so Cas wraps one of his wings around Jack’s waist. Jack is happy with who he is. So is Cas.
Dean knows he’s a shade too quiet as they sit around enjoying afternoon beers, but he thinks he’s able to play it off as just being tired. Sam asks him about the concert (or maybe it was Jack?), and Dean drags something from his chest that must pass muster. Words are getting harder. He doesn’t bring up Cassie, and no one knows to ask, so he’s saved that ordeal. He drinks exactly 3 beers, carefully slow. He lobs out an extremely dumb reference to something he knows Jack doesn’t understand, and lets the conversation derail into Cas and Sam trying to explain it. Individually, extremely smart people. Combined, their explanations have a way of taking new and unforeseen idiotic turns. Dean rubs his hand against the paper of the beer, and keeps half an eye on the clock.
