“On the contrary, I enjoy it immensely,” Castiel said, levelly. “But, I’m afraid I have the misfortune of knowing where yours came from.”
was still visible though, even more so when the brief flash of illumination showed where they were shooting. Not that they had managed to land a single shot, Castiel didn’t think much of their gunnery. And this was the ship that had been terrorising the Caribbean?
“Run ‘em out!” Dean called, but he’d barely gotten the words out before they were drowned out by the sounds of the gun-deck coming to life. Somehow, over it all, Castiel could still hear Jo’s calls, directing the cannons and not for the first time he marvelled that she should be such a competent officer for such a diminutive figure.
The first mate was a charming man called Benny who began referring to Castiel as ‘brother’ within minutes of being introduced. And then there was Charlie, a fiery redhead in charge of navigation who claimed Castiel as her best friend when he pointed out an error on one of her maps. He’d expected her to be offended, but instead, she had thrown her arms around him and shouted emphatically that she had known there was something off on the charts. She’d asked Dean if they could keep him. It was all a far cry from the men who had all but torn Castiel’s boat cloak from him knowing that they would be able to sell the fabric.
. There was no need for him to exaggerate. But, actually, watching Castiel dig into it as though he had not seen food for days, Dean realised that he was being serious and he couldn’t help but grin.
Dean drew his hands back, trying not to be too obnoxious in his victory. “I promise I’ll do extra veggies just for you and no twinkies.”
Sam’s mouth opened and closed several times but he couldn’t find the words. Thinking better of it he muttered, “I can...I can do stuff...It helps me stay awake, I’m stronger for it, sometimes I can kill them just by thinking about it. It makes me
He heard Cas chuckle and then there was a warm cloth wiping away at him. There was nothing for him to do but lie back, relax into the water and let Cas clean him up. He wouldn’t allow himself to sleep though, not yet, though he was halfway there already. A very small part of Dean wished they’d just gone straight to bed but the bed would surely never recover from the state of him if they had.
Cas nodded absently even though his eyes had already been drawn back to the wreaths left on the nearby grave.
Dean’s throat was dry but Sam took the delay as avoidance and continued over anything he might have said anyway.
It wasn’t that Dean didn’t appreciate the sentiment. He really did but he couldn’t help but grimace as he pulled away and muttered, “Yeah, hold that thought, ‘coz you’re about to get real uncomfortable, real fast.” He used Cas’ grip to steer him towards the very end of the aisle where the fake knots were placed high out of the view and reach of children.
“The Seraph!” the man in charge of the dingy called back, alerting them that the captain was coming aboard, but given that they were under the impression Castiel was dead, he was hardly surprised for them to ask again when they came to rest beside the ship.
Dean froze for a second time looking down at himself to realise that Sam had disturbed him and Cas in bed and that they were, as a result, completely naked. Rowena gave a huff of amusement and stepped out after Sam, leaving Cas to help Dean up.
Castiel doubled over, having to hold onto the ship for support. His chest burned as he struggled to breathe, and when he did it sounded more like a choked gasp than a natural breath. Beside him, Sam seemed determined to kill him.
Adam looked only too happy to help, as he always did. Castiel couldn’t help but smile at him. He liked Sam, of course, but he’d grown close to Adam during their many nights waiting in the fortress for Sam and Dean to return home from the battlefield.
Castiel was so deep in thought he barely noticed when Sam and Dean both dropped to the ground. The first he knew of it was when Dean pulled him down harshly, pushing his back against a series of roots that had lifted themselves from the ground. Whatever retort Castiel might have made was lost as Dean clapped his hand over Castiel’s mouth, gesturing for him to stay quiet.
“I don’t want to know how you can recognise a porn film my brother apparently starred in from one scene alone. Let’s never speak of this again, can we please go to sleep?”
“Of course it’s wrong, but that kind of corruption breeds corruption. Just...” Balthazar sighed, heavily, clearly unsure that any of his words were actually getting through to him, “just be careful, Cassie. I’ve already held one funeral for you this week, I don’t want to hold another one.”
“I am so sorry, I wasn’t looking and I-” the man, because Dean could now see it was definitely a man now, a novice from the Temple if his attire was anything to go by. He let himself be helped up but looked even worse than Dean felt about the whole thing. His blue eyes were everywhere, looking around, as though he expected Dean to report him for something. He glanced in the direction of the guards, and Dean saw him visibly pale at the sight of them so he shifted to block his view of them, “Hey, you ok?”
Dean stole the rest of the declaration, pressing their lips together, feeling as though his heart would burst within him. He had never been this happy. He had never known this kind of happiness was possible. It would surely kill him.
There was another silence, in which Dean exchanged a meaningful look with Cas. “Well,” he sighed, “Sounds like a plan.”
Cas huffs a sigh and meets Dean’s gaze full on. He’s biting his lip but for once Dean can’t look away from his eyes. “It’ll just change things.”
He’d gotten home a short while before the bell rang, having finally parted from Clarence at the spot where they’d initially met. It had been the hardest thing he had ever had to do, probably the hardest thing he would ever do but he’d done it. He could still feel Clarence’s hand in his and idly he wondered how long it would take before the pain of losing him subsided, even though he knew it never would.
Castiel stared at the man before him, unmoving, the only part of him that seemed capable of movement were his lungs which inhaled the new scent on the air deeply, taking it into every pore of his being. His inner omega, a being that had not had cause to rear its head for so, so long was positively preening, jumping into life at that first breath of woodsmoke and beneath it a faint hint of cloves.
Dean’s face flushes beet red and for a moment he can’t meet Cas’ eyes. “Nothing,” he mumbles, trying to get out of the bed. “So...breakfast?”
Cas’ touch was warm against Dean’s cheek, bordering on too warm, it wouldn’t be long before the next wave of his heat hit. “I’d say I love you too, but I hardly feel that does my feelings justice,” Cas said, quietly, and Dean could not remember a time when his heart felt so full. “Now, if you don’t mind, Alpha. I’d very much like you to knot me while I’m in my right mind.”
With deliberate patience, he angled himself so the head of his cock would brush against Dean’s, marvelling how Dean threw his head back at the first frisson of pleasure that sparked through them. Taking them in hand, Castiel thrust against Dean who tried to roll his hips but couldn’t get the leverage from where he lay, pinned beneath Castiel. Not that it took away from the experience. If Benny came to the door now, there would be no way to stifle the sound of what was happening in the cabin, perhaps he could hear it already, but there was no stopping them. With firm, measured strokes Castiel took his weight on his free arm, swallowing the moans that fell from Dean’s lips, mingling them with his own.
Stepping back from Michael’s grip, Castiel glared at him, feeling a little guilty when Michael wilted under the stare.
“Hi Gabe,” Dean pulled out a chair at his usual table, already unpacking his satchel, “The usual?” He asked Castiel hesitantly, as though Castiel hadn’t started brewing his regular order the moment he’d stepped through the door. As though Castiel hadn’t been doing that for three years.
“Then, what has been the problem, oh wise one?” Dean scoffed. He was being unfair, but he was frustrated. Adam would forgive him.
. He wondered how Balthazar was coping under Ishim’s attempt at command, he wondered if Alfie was alright.
“Have they struck?” Dean called up, but even Castiel could see without the aid of a glass that they hadn’t, even though they were a tiny ship by comparison, with barely a gun deck to take on
“Hey,” Sam nudged him, gently, getting his attention, he surely didn’t need to scent Castiel to notice the panic that had set in. “It’s going to be okay, my brother’s a good guy...well...most of the time...sometimes he’s an asshole but he isn’t a monster. Hell, he’s just as nervous as you are.”
Sam looked a little guilty and dropped his eyes to his coffee, “I know, I just...I worry about you.”
When the knock came at the cabin door it felt as though no time at all had passed. There weren’t all that many crew loitering on deck, not at such an early hour, but those that were there watched their captain board his barge. There was a certain degree of finality to it and briefly, Castiel wondered how amusing it would be to survive the duel and return to duty immediately having dispatched his opponent without any trouble. The thought made him chuckle, but Balthazar glared at him, as though his levity was an affront to the occasion.
The roars, the screams, the horn and then a screech. A high pitch whine that drowned out everything else. Dean wanted to cover his ears but he couldn’t feel his arms to lift them.
“I’m not sleeping in that,” Dean says even though he would naturally offer to take the sofa. But he feels like it’s important to put it out there straight off the bat.
There are lips pressed to Dean’s forehead and Dean smiles into the touch, chasing Cas’ kiss with his own.
, and it looked as though they had started work repairing their lost mizzenmast, but it still gave him a grim satisfaction to look through the glass and see the visible damage that Impala had wrought upon her. That
Castiel sighed, maybe if he wasn’t comfortably secure as a post-captain then he might have complained too, maybe he should try and be a little more understanding of Ishim’s position. He couldn’t help but snort, looking around the cabin as though he’d expected to be caught even though he was quite alone. Maybe. Or maybe Ishim could shut the hell up and do his job? That was a far more appealing course of action.
“You don’t have to,” Castiel said, exchanging lazy kisses with his husband, his mate. “You’re mine and I am yours. Forever.”
would sail at dawn, so the duel had been scheduled for first light. Balthazar had returned after delivering the challenge to Roman with a face so grim Castiel might have already died. As suspected, Zachariah had tried to stop the proceedings but to no avail. Apparently, Crowley had been on hand to make a snide remark that Roman should listen to his Naval superiors, just to ensure there was no chance of him offering an apology.
Still, he forced himself to level the pistol and fired, though he could not have been certain whether or not he had struck true. Roman’s face seemed frozen in that expression, that half a smug smile that showed him untouchable. But there was a hole in his head that had not been there a moment before and Roman’s expression did not change as he dropped to his knees and fell forward into the sand.
“What are we doing here?” Castiel asked after a while. He really meant, ‘what am I doing here?’ but there was something comforting about Michael’s presence and not just because he was effortlessly friendly. There was something genuine about him, something that warmed Castiel, something that assured him he was safe.
The temple had been transformed from the cold, quiet place that Castiel had stayed the night before. Huge boughs of pine, decorated with ribbons, frosted with crystal snowflakes hung from the stone arches and all was candlelight. The empty pews were now filled to bursting with the very greatest of the nobility, flanked by liveried soldiers wearing the badges of Winchester and Novak.
There were people everywhere, far more than Dean was used to and it took him a moment to appreciate that they were all in town for his wedding. There were extra guards checking the extra visitors through the North Gate into the city, something he hadn’t appreciated would be the case until he saw them. He watched them all from the shadows, trying to keep out of sight of any guard that might sight him. His disguise might work on the general populace but the royal guards would surely recognise him, even dressed as raggedly as he was. As long as he didn’t draw any undue attention to himself he would be fine. Standing against a wall, unmoving was probably not the most inconspicuous he could be and so he figured he would lose himself among the more crowded areas, where the guards had less cause to keep an eye on the comings and goings of the public. He, however, was so caught up in his thoughts when he stepped from the corner in which he was hiding he didn’t pay a great deal of attention to where he was stepping. Which was how he found himself walking straight into someone who had evidently not noticed him either. Dean let out a grunt of pain and might have muttered a sorry and carried on his way, but he’d sent the person sprawling into the floor. Although a prince, Dean wasn’t a jerk, immediately turning to help whoever it was up.
Again Dean took his hand, slipping them together as though they were made for each other, which of course they were. Thankfully, the chairs they had been allotted for the feast were far more comfortable than the thrones they had sat upon in the temple. The guests were starting to file in but Castiel only had eyes for Dean, who rubbed at the trimming of his crown and grumbled.
His shirt seemed scorched where the strikes had hit him but there was no blood. Should there have been blood?
The old joke earned him an eye roll from Sam, Sam would be the first to argue the point. Without Dean, Sam wouldn’t have made it out of Sector Nineteen and even if he had he wouldn’t have survived the journey to the sector they currently called home. Sam started clearing up their bowls, “Clarence says he’s sorry about Meg, he’ll have words with her later,” he said, quietly.
Another long pause and when Dean spoke again, his voice sounded far smaller than Castiel was used to. “He’s not like them, okay? He’ll care.”
He hated the way Cas had gotten out of the car which meant Dean had to get out of the car and had gotten drenched in a matter of seconds. That was to say nothing of the way Cas had insisted they take the dog...wolf...
Dean met his eyes and though he looked a little sad, he still could not help but smile in the face of his mate. “I know. I’m sorry too. I can’t promise I won’t keep worrying though.”
When he turned to look at Castiel, Castiel could see for certain that this was not a demon. His eyes, for one, were hazel rather than demonic black. He was just very tall and absolutely filthy. Covered in the stench and stains of sulphur he barely seemed to hold the form of a human, but if Castiel looked past the evidence of the battlefield he could see a man. A man who held his hand out to Castiel, but quickly thought better of it and let his arm fall to his side.
“Don’t approach her, don’t risk it, deny everything even if she seems legit,” Sam said, dutifully and Dean ruffled his hair affectionately, it was part of the routine after all.
“What will you do now?” Michael asked, an age later, “If you wanted to get out of the city we should probably get you to the gate...”
Dean clearly isn’t expected to respond to Bobby chewing him out, but he throws out the occasional generic response.
If she was insulted by his words, she gave no sign of it. Instead, she looked between Sam and Dean as though trying to determine if they were serious.
Castiel breezed past the officers that greeted him on deck, “Send for my steward and inform him I won’t be dining onboard tonight. Balthazar, do you still have the buckle I gave you at Gibraltar, I may need to borrow it.”
His assigned bodyguard, Andrea she had introduced herself as, would be just outside the main doors. She would stand there all night, making sure Castiel would not be disturbed. Nobody would be permitted to enter, even if someone was to come looking for him before morning. But this church was huge, there must be another door, a back door, a cellar door,
“Coming up, Dean,” Castiel said and was rewarded, as he always was, with the warmest of Dean’s smiles.
“Dean?” Cas calls and Dean can hear him sit up a little in the bed. When Dean looks over, he instantly regrets it. Cas is propped up on one elbow, the bedcover bunched at his waist and though Dean has seen his bare chest before (he saw it just a minute ago when Cas got into the bed) there’s something different about seeing it like this. With Cas’ hair already mussed from the pillow as he cocks his head to gesture that Dean should join him.
"Cas," Sam said, his voice laced with infinite patience, far softer than Dean could ever manage, "come sit down, tell us what's going on."
“Or the power of all four archangels working together,” Cas offered, hopelessly. It was the archangel Lucifer defecting to Hell that had caused all this in the first place. The three archangels remaining were powerful, but since Lucifer had turned, the power of the Host had diminished considerably.
She cocked her head, in a gesture that reminded Dean too much of Cas at that moment as she interrupted, “Of course we care about Castiel, but we aren’t going to negotiate with them.”
There were greetings to be made, the deck was buzzing with excited chatter and the occasional call to Cas. But then Dean saw Garth approaching them and realised they were all about to hug the life out of the man and he wasn’t sure Cas would stand it.
There is more kissing and Dean can already feel Cas getting hard in his lap. Dean’s been hard since Cas straddled him though granted he’d lagged a little when he thought Cas was breaking up with him before they’d even started.
Those around Castiel filtered in and filtered out, acquiring their ‘coffee’ and leaving again. More than once a woman with red hair asked him if he was alright, but he assured her he was. It was only when Dean approached him again that he realised he was the only one left inside. The other humans had all left.
The journey to the jetty was unfairly short. Likely, it hadn’t been, but it felt it. It could never have felt long enough. There were several important-looking officials already waiting, having seen a notorious pirate ship weigh anchor, they were no doubt here to see if Dean and his crew wanted to take advantage of the governor’s offer of a pardon if they hung up their guns. Dean rolled his eyes at the mere sight of them.
Cas pushed the cart while Sam and Dean bickered over what the other threw in. In the end Dean separated their stuff into two piles so "the leafy shit" didn't touch any of his "actual food."
Castiel froze, caught somewhere between surprise, shock and horror that Dean had kissed him so openly. But then he noticed that not a single person seemed bothered. Beyond Sam and Benny of course, who exchanged a look, but even then, it was fond. There was nobody staring at them in disgust, nobody who even thought it was out of the ordinary. Castiel was almost giddy with it.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Castiel said, quietly, not that he could possibly have been heard over the musicians.
Cas all but wrestles Dean to the place where he was a moment ago, returning the kisses and the touches but with a great deal more fervour. Cas is burning against him and Dean is happy to go up in flames. He’d been so focused on how good Cas felt beneath him Dean hadn’t realised he was nearly as hard as he was. It only takes a few well placed strokes through Dean’s flannel pants for him to realise how much he wants this. How much he needs this. Under Cas’ hand he feels like he’s never been touched before and surely he hasn’t been. No one has ever touched him like this. Like he is at once all too fragile but all too durable. Cas worships him even as he digs his fingers into his hips in a grip that will leave bruises come morning. Then the warmth of his mouth is returning the favour to Dean and Dean doesn’t recognise the noises that Cas rips from his chest.
The door was locked Castiel realised before he’d even noticed he’d tried to enter. He had no right, the vague thought formed and would not be easily dismissed. He was not Sam’s keeper and Dean himself had said he was probably tired. But...there was something wrong. Castiel had seen it from the start and he was not going to walk away from it again. Dean loved his brothers, both of them, but Sam was his world and for his sake alone, Castiel would help him, even if Sam protested.
Dean was reading over some report on wall density when he realised he was no longer alone. He was on his feet and running to take Cas into his arms before he knew it. And Cas went willingly, easily, all but falling forward into the embrace, his wings coming around them instinctively, hiding them from the world even though it was only Sam, Adam and a handful of their more competent commanders.
Dean looked just as miserable when he took it. For this to end with a handshake seemed a more barbarous act than any
“I’m going to take their Highnesses for a tour of the perimeter, would you like to come?” Sam asked, obviously teasing even by Castiel's limited understanding of human interaction.
Dean wasn’t so pissed that he missed Cas getting the reference for once. He would have called him up on it but the Raichu...Raiju...
Cas shook his head, which somehow did little to reassure Dean. “No, I’ll be here, I shall be enough,” he said and Dean knew he meant it to be comforting. But Cas was not a healer and illnesses did not need to be ‘explained’.
,” Castiel sighs, following him over the edge. He drops down, pressing his chest against Dean’s back, kissing the back of his neck, his shoulders, anywhere he can reach.
Adam’s smile was infectious, he looked as though Castiel had offered him the keys to the gates of Heaven, “Really? He doesn't want to check-”
Even as two of them broke away from Sam and tackled Dean, he liked the odds, managing to slice at an arm, stab at a leg and land what he thought was one of his most impressive throws knowing that they had this.
He followed Sam back down to the courtyard to greet their father. Cas was behind him, but Adam had slipped away. He and Sam exchanged a look, but neither called him back. If the king wanted to see his other son, he’d seek him out on his own terms. John Winchester did everything on his own terms.
“Shame,” Crowley said, lightly, still looking at Castiel. “You know, if you want to attempt an escape it’ll take a good half hour for my ship to get underway.”
“It’s a theme park. I figured it’d be a good place for a date,” Dean mumbled, starting to second-guess himself for no other reason than he felt like he couldn’t have nice things and Cas was the nicest of all nice things.
“I heard,” Castiel said, speaking for the first time. “I also hear we are to testify in Ishim’s court-martial?” Balthazar gave just the smallest of smiles in response, but Castiel took his hand and squeezed, gently. “Thank you, Balthazar.”
Castiel’s heart swelled and he wondered if the feeling of euphoria simply from being in Dean’s presence would ever fade. He already knew it wouldn’t.
“We have things to do,” Castiel said, firmly, leaving a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips and ignoring his whine as Castiel pulled away, forcing himself out of the warmth of their makeshift nest and back towards the tomes he had been looking at the night before.
in the distance. For the first time since they had parted his thoughts weren’t of Dean. Instead, he begged a telescope from the de facto captain and took in every inch of his ship, a sigh of pure satisfaction escaping him without intent. His first thought when he had seen her hove-to was that she had been damaged, but there was not a scratch on her. Whatever she was doing here, it was a matter for the crew, no doubt Ishim was arguing the case for them to return to the Channel. The smirk that spread across Castiel’s features was unbecoming of a captain of His Majesty’s Navy as he imagined how annoyed Ishim would be to step back down under Castiel’s command. He was just the type to have enjoyed his position as acting captain a little too much.
It took them a little while to actually get out the doors which Castiel would insist was entirely Dean’s fault. It had been months, months since Castiel had seen his husband in his princely clothes. Or any clothes that were clean for that matter. Before they left Dean bathed in rosewater, he shaved and he dressed in what could be considered his most casual doublet and hose but compared to the torn and ruined clothes he’d been wearing since they left the palace seemingly an age ago he looked...delicious.
Castiel did not sleep that night. There was little point. Even if he had found himself able to do so, he would have been able to do so for a few hours before he was woken to go to the duel.
The man threw his hands up, “Honestly, we were as surprised as you are. We managed to lose you and when we went back for the boats we found you. Your head was pretty banged up from the fall, but you’re one lucky son of a bitch you know that?”
The way back to the temple was practically familiar to Castiel now, even though there were considerably more people gathered along the way than there than he was used to. They all cleared the way, bowing low to the two princes as they passed, occasionally calling out a greeting or well wishes for Castiel. Castiel waved politely, but he was grateful for Sam’s arm under his, a steady presence steering him towards his own wedding despite the pit that seemed to be growing in his stomach.
But her words were lost as Castiel let out another scream. His mother looked back in horror and vanished back into the room.
“You ready to go, angel?” Dean asked, deliberately using the endearment he only ever seemed to use when he wanted to tease Sam. Normally, Cas would stay out of such things, but Dean’s smile was infectious, he couldn’t help but step over to him, kissing him almost chastely, grinning nonetheless.
Castiel sighed, but managed to hold his tongue. There would be other opportunities and he really did want to make it back to
Cas took a hesitant step forward and glanced over the closest offerings before turning to Dean with a frown. “Which one do I choose?”
Castiel could remember this area’s naturally fertile soil, the greenery already bursting across the surface when he had last stepped on solid ground. The presence of ‘that monstrosity’ as Dean had put it had momentarily thrown Castiel, but only briefly. The surroundings might have changed, but the earth had not moved all that much. The horizon was still the same, the stars still placed correctly above them, even if they could not be seen for the brightness of the sun that day.
,” as though he knew this was coming. His eyes aren’t even open but he knows Dean isn’t going to stop until he presses every button, however much the results may scar them.
Even with his mate pressed flush against his back, Castiel turned his attention entirely to what Sam was showing them, watching him closely as though he might offer some clue as to what it was Castiel had sensed when they had touched. Perhaps it was just exhaustion? Humans were not as resilient as angels and Sam was clearly overworked. He carried the weight of responsibility for the garrison and he was obviously active in matters of defence. Castiel watched him as he pointed out where the lines of defence were failing and how he hoped to reinforce them; he looked tired. Castiel had little real knowledge of how to read a human the way some angels could, he could mention it to Dean though. Dean knew his brother, maybe Dean would be able to cast some light on it.
,” she said delicately, “I’ve been thinking about how angels repress, amongst other things, their scent when they take a human vessel.”
Castiel tilted his head, thoughtfully, and murmured, “I’m not so sure about that.” Before Dean’s heart could break in his chest, Castiel grinned at him, wickedly, “This would make a perfect nursery.”
The argument between Ishim and Balthazar was immediately quite forgotten as everyone turned to look at Castiel, the tension in the room replaced with the immediate buzz of excitement.
They stared at each other fondly for a moment before Adam cleared his throat, “So...should I leave you guys to it?”
“Hey, I better head off,” Sam said as the woman thanked Dean and dropped some coins into the tip jar. “But, you wanna come over next week? We’ll get pizza and watch a movie? Eileen’s got some...thing… she had to do,” Sam flushed when Dean arched his brow, “I wasn’t paying attention,” he admitted, sheepishly.
“Hey, it’s ok,” Dean soothed, a little surprised when the man did seem to calm a little. “I mean, you’re a bit squirrely and there’s the way you didn’t want the guards to notice you but mostly?” he grinned, “Dude, you’re not exactly going incognito dressed like that.”
“Are you hurt, Sam?” Cas asked and it was probably Dean’s imagination but he could have sworn there was an edge to the question.
Sam opened his mouth to reply, but paused, gesturing with his head that Castiel should look back, his jaw set into a grim line. Castiel looked up to where one of the farmers had stumbled, taking a moment to sit back into the shade. As well she might, it was a hot day. But the man who watched apparently couldn’t stand for it and strode over to her, grabbing her harshly by the arm and all but threw her back to her work.
Castiel looked around. It had been a rudimentary banishing, he could worry about how Dean had even learned it later, right now he could just be glad that it had been the simplest of spells. It had flung him from Hell and apparently the nearest exit had been that into Purgatory. Which meant somewhere nearby was the doorway. All he needed to do was find it and he could find Dean.
“Is it over?” Cas practically cried, already trying to push himself up on his elbows. “Are they okay?”
For all that Dean insisted Sam keep himself to himself (but not so much that it looked suspicious), he practised what he preached. He wasn’t going to curtail Sam’s social life as much as he did only to accidentally betray them with a misspoken word to the wrong person. Dean didn’t mind all that much, but still...It was a lonely life trying to hide Sam from...well...everyone, not trusting anyone and keeping a bag in a drawer by the back door in case they had to drop everything and run,
Adam shrugged. “It just made sense to me. You know they’d be after you and you wouldn’t be able to outrun them all. Not the angels as well. No one would think you’ll still be here.”
“Dean,” Cas said, softly, calling him back. “He’ll be alright now and...as much as we may not approve, he was only doing it in an attempt to maintain things here-”
“We can talk again when you’re more recovered from your ordeal and...” he cast an unapproving eye over Castiel, “presentable.”
Prince Dean had been born in the palace, he’d grown up there yet as he walked to his chambers with his brother by his side, he had never felt more like a prisoner. He couldn’t remember knowing the place so quiet, as though everyone had picked up on his mood and rolled with it. Of course, he was hardly hiding it. If his scent hadn’t given him away the way in which he stomped about the place and slammed doors behind him would surely have done so. What guards they passed nodded to them in recognition, but they did not call out greetings as they usually would and neither of the brothers would have responded if they had.
Everything within Dean screeches to a halt. His brain stops functioning, his blood stops pumping, his heart misses several beats and his breath freezes.
All they could do was love each other so when the end inevitably came they had no regrets. A sentiment which came easier now that they actually
The guard scoffed lightly, not surprised in the slightest and gave a quick salute. “Of course, sir. I’ll go now.”
Dean just snorted. “You kidding? They live in fancy houses on the other side of the island. They’re probably already drunk off their profits. They don’t come this far out unless they’ve got a reason to, besides we’ve got lookouts.” With a grin, Dean pushed a lighter crate towards Castiel, realising that he had just asked the question to take a breather. Rolling his eyes, Castiel took it and got back to work.
Granted, he couldn’t remember an angel ever suffering like this before, but then the front was very different in Purgatory than here. And the angels may have fought in worse conditions than this but they could retreat into Heaven without difficulty. There was probably a reasonable explanation.
“I’m sure I can find a place for you,” Crowley said. His voice was low but Dean could hear it over everything. It shouldn’t have been possible but then, they were in Hell and Crowley had just taken the throne. He had power beyond what Dean had seen on even the most powerful of demons.
Nothing had really helped and after a while, they’d all stopped trying, for which Dean was honestly grateful. They had been at Bobby’s when they heard the news. It had been Bobby to tell them.
The door closed with a click but when Castiel turned, Dean was still staring at him. “Cas-” he managed to breathe out. “You look...well...
The salty tang tastes bitterly sweet on Dean’s tongue as he moves from kisses to lapping at the slit. He runs his lips, his tongue down the length to the base and listens for every groan, every whimper that tells him what Cas wants him to do again.
He’d intended to pretend he was asleep, but when Dean touched him, he flinched against it and shook him off. If possible, he managed to turn himself even further into the small cot, somehow managing to put an ocean of distance between them even though he could still feel the warmth of Dean’s fingers hovering near him.
“You know what I mean,” Dean chuckled, leaning in to leave a kiss against the fabric of Castiel’s shirt. “Hey in there, little one,” Dean whispered. “I’m not going to let anything happen to you or your father.”
“And your burgers,” Cas adds, his eyes lingering on Dean a little longer than necessary. Dean blushes and turns away, suddenly very interested in the price per pound of apples.
Cas was patient. It came with being an angel and having witnessed thousands of years of human history and everything that had come before. He would have been happy to carry on as Dean’s ‘buddy’ until Dean was ready to admit that maybe there was something to the longing glances and soulful looks. It’s why, once Dean had told him that Dean’s reluctance to show him off in public had nothing to do with Cas being Cas, Cas was happy to wait for Dean to take things at his own pace.
“And what the hell does that mean?!” Dean shouted, sounding louder compared to how softly spoken the djinn seemed to be.
“Well, he did a pretty poor job of it, obviously. You’ll be required to give evidence of course, it’s why
“Say you get them to listen to you, say they shut Roman down,” Dean murmured against Castiel’s shoulder, so quietly that if they hadn’t been so close Castiel would surely not have heard it. “What will you do then?”
Dean scoffed even though it was only him and his reflection. What the hell was Cas even doing saying yes the way he had? Cas was…
“Garth!” he shouted over to one of the swifter members of the crew. “I want you up for’ard, we’re going to come about but when I call, I’ll need you to run up the headsail and flat it out to starboard.” Garth stared at him for a moment, before Castiel tapped him on the shoulder, “go on!” he insisted.
“How has Sam survived this long?” Castiel grumbled, rubbing his eyes wearily as though the action could revitalise him somehow.
Dean’s hand went for the ladder and he was on the verge of pulling himself up, when Castiel reached forward and grabbing the edges of Dean’s collar, pulled him back in to the kiss. It was messy, uncoordinated and both of them were grinning too much to actually press their lips together properly, but it was enough. This time when Dean pulled away, Castiel let him go, even if they still couldn’t stop grinning.
Forcing himself to open his eyes, despite the pain that protested the movement, Castiel felt his breath leave him and for a moment everything was forgotten. Where he was, the pain in his chest and head, whether he would ever breathe again, everything. It was not Alfie. It was decidedly
must have had a vendetta against the merchants of the Caribbean given the frequency and intensity of the attacks. Even so, it was a great deal of effort for just one ship.
Sam held his hands up, as though trying to calm a wild animal. From the way Dean was pacing back and fore, prowling like a tiger caught in a cage, he couldn’t entirely blame him. “There was that time when he went to get the fruit from the tree of life? Remember? He came back with the fruit and said he thought he’d gotten married? It was the day you met Scooby-Doo, there’s no way you’ve forgotten that.”
Cas leaned back against the cracked windscreen and closed his eyes. He was quiet for a long time, so long that Dean wondered if he was simply ignoring the question. Eventually, sometime after Dean had almost forgotten he had asked the question he said, “Busy. It was busy.” Cas said, “Humans didn’t seem to have enough hours in the day to do everything they wanted. Most were overworked and underpaid, few had the opportunity to pursue their own interests, fewer still could make a living from them. There was a great deal of intolerance and bigotry, monsters were not as prevalent as they are today but still a nuisance. The hunters kept them in check for the most part, few of the Old People actually knew of their existence.”
Castiel followed, confused, though he stole a glance back to where the man was returning to his watch. He didn’t see one of the other farmers slip the girl some water, nor did Castiel know why they would have to hide such a thing.
“I work!” Gabriel insisted, “You’re just better at the customer side of things. I’m good at this bit.” He waved the letter in Castiel’s general direction as though it were possible for his brother to read the words at that distance, assuming he had any interest in doing so even if he could.
It was short-lived though, Cas had barely allowed his lips to part before the joy swelling in Dean’s chest became too much and he had to draw back to allow his laugh to escape. Cas rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t help but smile back. This was, after all, a common occurrence. The idea that they could be together was ludicrous enough, the idea that they could be together, like this, making out while their community knew exactly what they were doing was impossible. It often made them laugh. It was so much, it had to go somewhere.
Castiel huffed, irritably, not wanting to admit that Balthazar was right and not ready to give up either.
Dean had chosen that particularly inopportune moment to take a swig from the bottle of soda beside his bed and the resulting snort had seen him dribble most of it down his chin and onto his shirt. “California? That’s...that’s a bit of a trek.”
Castiel winced, though he had been serious, he really wasn’t sure which sword would look better for the occasion. His usual of course denoted his position as a post-captain, the family sword was older and arguably less attractive but still looked impressive enough. The prize sword, in Castiel’s opinion, was a little gaudy, with its jewelled encrusted hilt, but given where he was going perhaps he could afford to be a tad ostentatious.
Wherever they went there would have been nobles to greet them and palaces for them to stay in, rather than the tent they’d brought with them or the occasional bartered room at a tavern. Not that Castiel minded any of that, as long as he was with Dean he would stay anywhere.
“If I was teasing you, you’d be begging me to take you,” Cas says as a matter of fact and there goes the blood rushing South again.
Michael’s eyes flickered to the palace behind them again and he chuckled, “What can I say? I’m all about making the best of things. C’mon, let me show you the fountain. You won’t regret it.”
Dean heard his words but they didn’t quite register. He was walking on air, relief flooding through his body with such force he was dizzy with it. The crook was real and an archangel was on their side. Everything else was details.
“Actually,” Castiel said, taking a breath to steady himself, “I’d like to talk to you about that. About Mr Roman’s...business dealings. It seems there is an island, one that technically belongs to us and Mr Roman has-”
“Thank you for your hospitality,” he settled on, before he stepped back out into the street and resumed his watch.
Dean had come back to him, as he had promised, filthy and covered in blood, but it was not his own and he was relatively uninjured. He went out twice more that same day. And again the day after.
Standing before the door to Dean’s cabin, Castiel was aware of the great many pairs of eyes watching him. He would be lying if they didn’t make him feel a little self conscious, but he also knew that the people looking at him were happy to do so, fully aware of what Castiel’s presence there meant and what it meant for their captain. It felt strange to knock on the door of the room he was practically living in, the room he had deliberately stayed out of so he wouldn’t accidentally bump into Dean and blow the surprise he himself had been preparing for their dinner. He heard shuffling from the other side of the door, before Dean opened it. He did a double take and then his jaw fell somewhere on the ground and Castiel beamed at him, totally satisfied that Dean had reacted the way he had wanted.
So maybe Dean doesn’t hate him. If he does, he has a very strange way of showing it. When this is over, he’s going to ask Dean if he’d like to go for a drink and not just because they’ve hardly touched the stuff while they’ve been working. He’s going to ask Dean out for a drink and maybe, Dean will say yes.
Desire flickered through Castiel like a flame struck suddenly from flint and his eyes darkened. As though he would ever deny his mate such a thing.
“There’s something...” he gestures to the pillow half afraid that something is going to jump out at them. Though whatever it is had felt disturbingly inanimate for a bed shaped like a heart. With a bravery Dean doesn’t expect, Cas reaches under the pillow and pulls out something shaped like an egg.
Castiel braced an arm across Dean’s chest and forced him down against the cot. “The ship is fine. The wounded are with Sam and Eileen. Benny has everything under control, Ash is surveying the damage, the only thing for you to do is lie here and let me help you.” Castiel wasn’t sure if it was his words or Dean’s injuries that convinced him, but either way, the result was the same. His arms flopped down beside him and he lay back, allowing Castiel to dab at his forehead with a wet cloth. “Thank you,” Castiel whispered.
“What is this?” Castiel hissed, pulling Dean back as he made to continue. Dean rolled his eyes and tried to pull away, but Castiel held him firmly. “What is
Cas' eyes lit up, brighter than their usual bright blue as he leaned in and kissed Dean again. Dean let his arms snake up Cas’ back, drawing him in, moving his lips to Cas’ jaw, his neck, nipping at his collarbone just because it was there before him and so enticing.
“Adam?” Dean had never heard his mother’s tone so icy before. It didn’t suit her, but then infidelity hadn’t suited his father.
Sam on the other hand seemed to be going from strength to strength. The colour had returned to his skin and the manic glint in his eyes had been replaced with a warmth befitting of Dean’s brother. Somehow, Dean had gotten the unreasonable idea that the negative side effects of Sam’s addiction had passed to Castiel, but such a thing was ludicrous. It was far more likely to be the long-term effects of the constant demonic warfare. He was still exhausted from the frequent attacks and he couldn’t remember the last time he’d taken a breath of air that wasn’t tainted with sulphur.
Dean kept his face impassive, forcing his breathing to remain steady. He’d had a lot of practice. “Yeah, a few years ago now though.”
“...and then,” Sam breathed, wiping tears from his eyes, “he jumped from the lookout, stuck his knife into the mainsail and dropped down to the deck.”
“Come along, Samuel,” she called. “Let’s leave these two lovebirds alone. I spied a wee motel a few miles back and you’ll need your rest if we’re going to cause some lesser angels to chase us.”
“But we don’t,” Cas whispered, reading Dean as well as he always did. “No one is ever going to take them from us.”
“I told him that would happen,” she sighed her face a picture of frustration, “Good grief, it’s a miracle the two of you survived presentation.”
Outside, people were shouting, all was a din of soldiers rushing to prepare themselves while still the bell rang, calling them all to fight.
“I’ve got some books on the subject, if you want to read up on it,” Sam offered, but Adam seemed to be thinking in new terms already.
Castiel hesitated for a moment before he sighed, “Nassau. I told Benny to head for Nassau, I’ll disembark there.” Dean’s face fell but before he could turn away Castiel lifted a hand to cup his cheek, holding his gaze. “You asked me for my help, Dean. This is how I help you.”
Sam barely needed the gesture, already pushing himself through the door as loudly as he possibly could, throwing one of the blades they’d brought at the djinn nearest Cas. Dean hadn’t expected it to actually make its target but it did, catching him square between the eyes and dropping him to the ground.
There were several officers around the table, all of whom seemed to hold their breath, waiting for Ishim to accept the reprimand and move along.
“Hey, Dean!” Ellen’s daughter, a plucky girl called Jo was holding up a pistol curiously, “Come take a look at this.”
Adam’s eyes were transfixed on Cas’ wings and it occurred to Dean this would be the kid’s first time seeing an angel up close. The queen had no reason to visit the Southern lands, even less since Adam had taken up station there and Dean knew that Sam deliberately kept him out of sight when what few angelic deputations made the journey arrived. Not for their sake, though Dean had heard that Adam’s very existence was something of a morbid curiosity to the angels, but so that Adam would be spared their staring. Which was ironic given how openly he stared at Cas’ wings.
The journey was short, but it felt longer given the awkward silence that hung between Dean and Castiel. Sam couldn’t possibly have been unaware of it, but he didn’t bring it up. Neither of them spoke until they came close enough to secure the boat.
The words that came from his lips were at odds with the matter-of-fact tone with which he said them. Dean struggled to keep his breathing level.
“Tragic,” Balthazar said, as though it were the least tragic thing he could think of. “So, you’re going to Roman’s banquet and what, run him through?”
? He had looked like a hero in a painting. The very image of what an adventurer should look like. And just a few hours later, that joyful warmth was gone and replaced with a chilling, cold lack of emotion that had condemned an entire crew to death.
Cas visibly winced when Dean started chipping at the rust, “That is not the proper use of an angel blade,” he murmured, sounding pained. But, it worked. With a sound that nothing in working order would ever make, the door fell open, in fact it almost fell off entirely, but none of them seemed to notice, all too surprised by what lay inside.
“None that I know of. But then, if anyone did they would have been executed so I wouldn’t know their names.”
The guy looked back at him, “I’m sorry,” he rasped and Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting but it was not
,” Dean hissed, pulling back so he could kiss every inch of Castiel’s face. “What the hell did you think you were doing? Roman could have killed you! I thought you were dead!”
“I can always take him back with me if you like? I’ll take care of the ransom, I can always claim it back from my
“We can stay for tonight,” Cas said, patiently, already holding his hand up in anticipation of her protest. “We don’t know where the nearest clean water source is, the remaining asphalt prevents us from farming and we have no way of securing this place against intruders.”
Sam was saying something, no doubt introducing the people who filed past them into the temple, but Castiel wasn’t listening. Even if he was, it was doubtful he would have heard Sam’s words over the thudding of his own heart. He was dimly aware that he was perspiring, this was happening. He was about to marry a man he knew nothing about beyond the assurances he’d received just that very morning.
Deliberately, Castiel forced his mind away from the memory of his true mate. He was going to marry Prince Dean, Michael was beyond his reach and would always be so. There was a sheet of paper on the bureau beside him, a letter from the man he was about to marry. It was softer than he’d expected. Kinder. Filled with assurances that even though Castiel had moved far from his homeland, Dean would do whatever he could to help Castiel settle, if there was anything he could do, Castiel had only to ask. Considering Castiel had sent his own letter just a few moments before assuring Dean of his fealty, he was feeling quietly positive that they could make this marriage work. Though even as he had the thought he felt a small tug in his heart, Michael’s face appearing before his eyes.
Cas caught his bottom lip in his teeth, nervously, in a gesture that would normally have sent a frisson of heat through Dean but he was just so, so tired. “I know you don’t want me at the front,” Dean perked up instantly, his tiredness a thing of the past, even though Cas hastily continued, “so Adam and I have been thinking of ways to make ourselves useful. It’s mostly reorganising...we want to send a letter to the Captain of the Royal Guard at the Palace but I wanted to ask your permission first, I don’t want to overstep my bounds.”
Dean didn’t say anything more about it. Not while Crowley was on deck at least. He listened to Jo’s assessment of the sidearms, seemingly giving her his full attention, but Castiel noticed how his eyes would occasionally flick up to check Castiel was still close and Crowley still at a distance. He listened to Jo enough to refuse the entire chest of pistols after she deemed that they weren’t enough of an improvement on what they already had.
Sam’s eyes narrowed dangerously, “Dean. Your better half shorts out half the power grid every time he...he...” he waved his hand as though the gesture alone could finish the thought that he clearly didn’t want to voice.
“You come back soon, you can show us how it’s done any time,” Benny said, slapping him on his shoulder as Ellen handed him a satchel of food she’d prepared for him.
As naturally as the sun rising, Dean’s arm slipped around Castiel’s waist, pulling him a little closer. Castiel gave a hum of approval, leaving a chaste kiss at the crease of his mate’s lips.
“He’ll be alright,” the other man replied, “It’s a big day for him, he just needs to- Oh, Your Highness,” the man gave a small start of surprise, catching sight of Castiel over the taller man’s shoulder. The tall man spun on his heel, looking momentarily guilty, as though he’d been caught doing something he shouldn’t, but he visibly relaxed when he saw it was Castiel.
buttons?!” He takes a breath and it’s clear the question is rhetorical. He slides the remote to where he found it. “It’s okay, Dean. It’s nothing sinister. Good night.”
And then there was Cas. Cas who was off-limits even by the standards of a society where, for Dean, every man was off-limits. In fact, the issue of his gender was the least of Dean’s problems. He was a captain of the watch, he was the captain of Dean’s watch. It was his job to find Offences and Blasphemies and make sure Dean didn’t slack in finding them either. He didn’t even like Dean, or at least, he liked Dean as much as he liked any of his subordinates; bordering on the friendlier side of professionalism but still distant. But when he looked as good as Cas did, with blue eyes so bright Dean was surprised they hadn’t been deemed illegal, a voice low enough to be a sin in its own right and his hair…Dean could forgive Cas a lot given the circumstances.
In no time at all, in too long a time they were both finally naked and able to touch each other properly. Which they did. Excessively. At length. Dean worshipped every inch of Castiel’s skin, wanting to take it slow but knowing that he wouldn’t be able to. He was so hard, his knot already starting to form from something as simple as rutting against Castiel’s thigh, but it seemed to be enough. Castiel was not complaining, arching into Dean’s touch, pulling him closer, kissing him on his lips, his eyes, his neck, wherever he could reach.
“Let’s get underway,” Dean announced, but the crew were already moving to loose the sails either having anticipated his orders or because Benny had told them what was coming. “Get that anchor up!” Dean shouted down to the deck below.
“I-” he started but he broke off, looking at Cas. Cas looked back, seemingly conveying an entire conversation through his eyes alone. This time when Gabriel sighed it was one of resigned defeat, “Alright. Alright, if you pull this off I’ll make sure the gates are sealed behind you, but you know you won’t be able to use the crook
Dean all but dragged them over, still laughing that Clarence could find such joy in something as mundane as a pastry sold for less than a denar on a street corner. He held two fingers up to the stall tender while Clarence wasn’t looking, “it’s a pastry, glazed with sugared fruits...They’re great.” The woman at the stall passed Dean two fritters and Dean passed one to Clarence.
“Well, it occurs to me that if your scent is something that belongs to your true form rather than your vessel then perhaps Heaven could track it somehow?”
Since Sam had been old enough to talk about the friends in his head, Dean had been trying to ensure that he didn’t. Not out loud anyway, not with anyone except Dean. The Bible and Repentances said nothing specifically about Sam’s particular kind of...mutation? Talent? Deformity? Gift? Whatever it was to be called, Dean knew that it wouldn’t be tolerated. His brother would be ‘purified’ with the rest of the Blasphemies if he was discovered. Sam knew this of course, but he didn’t
There was movement in its vicinity but Meg didn’t falter, leading them directly towards it. She called something, but it was lost to Dean who fell heavily to the ground, tackled by the demon closest to him. He had been expecting it, but he still grunted as the blow took the wind from his lungs. The demon rolled Dean under him, but that proved to be a mistake as Dean took the momentum from the motion and easily stabbed it with the knife. Its eyes burned brightly for a moment before they sparked out and Dean could kick himself free. Of course, nothing was ever that easy and no sooner had he pulled himself up than another demon tackled him, sending the knife flying from his hand.
Meg and Sam looked over at the thing, thoroughly unimpressed, by...well...whatever it was. It looked more like a large box, rusted, grimy, almost totally subsumed by roots that had grown out of the ground and practically strangled it. One of the front windows was smashed and two of its wheels were missing, but Dean just shrugged.
they lay about the place panting and recovering their breath, even though it had been less than half than what they’d moved with Cas. “Roman’s dead.”
Balthazar’s shout was as clearly heard from the boat as though Castiel was on deck beside him. “Boatswain’s mates! Side-boys, lively boys, lively!”
“We’ll beat to quarters if you please, Mister Ishim. A guinea for the gun crew that lands the first shot and another for the mainmast, I think.”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean said, still stumbling over his words and his feet too as he landed awkwardly beside Cas. Cas didn’t seem to mind though, righting him as though it were natural. He held Dean’s gaze for a moment and Dean recognised something there, something that looked like relief, a sparkle that showed a great weight had been lifted. Dean hadn’t known how to respond to a compliment, but he was totally at a loss at how to respond when, as quick as a flash, Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s cheek. By the time Dean realised what had happened, Castiel was already halfway back to the RV.
Adam held him for a moment longer before stepping back, his eyes wandering to Cas naturally, even though he was clearly overjoyed to see Dean. “I’m sorry I couldn’t come to the taming,” he said, falling over his words in his haste to get them out, “I asked but-”
Michael cupped his face so tenderly it broke his heart and he leaned in to kiss away the tears that had started to form in Castiel’s eyes. “Sure, Clarence. Of course, we can.”
why hadn’t he brought any of the weapons into the nest? He hadn’t thought to do it when he’d been making it up and then they’d gotten...distracted.
Weirdly, the king didn’t seem to mind that Cas had been flaying him alive with his tongue alone just a second ago. Weirdly, he was smiling. Dean noted it and if Cas hadn’t just collapsed in his arms he would have made a point to ask about it, but Sam was under Cas’ other arm, helping him up and Dean’s entire focus was on getting his mate inside, back to their chambers.
Dean gave a small shrug and even though Castiel couldn’t see his face, he could tell that Dean was scowling. Crowley waited on a reply but none was forthcoming.
“God, no!” Castiel snapped, almost offended that Balthazar could suggest such a thing. “I’m going to kill Richard Roman and it just so happens Crowley benefits from that enough to get me close to him. Roman has almost run him out of business you know?”
“There was no other damage after your skirmish, it seems the pirates were firing powder instead of shot, if you could believe such a thing...”
“I can see you thinking, you know?” Dean murmured, forcing Castiel to realise that he hadn’t been as surreptitious with his glances as he had thought. “What is it?”
“You an acolyte?” the man, Michael, asked, “I don’t think I’ve seen you around before?” Castiel flinched and the man obviously didn’t need to scent him to be able to sense his panic. He held up his hands in front of him, “Hey, it’s okay. I’m just asking. You’ve got nothing to worry about, you’re safe with me.” Castiel regarded the man for a moment, but he seemed sincere. There was something about him, something warm, comforting. For someone who had never felt truly welcome anywhere, not even in his own home, there was something reassuring to say the least that Castiel had come across someone who didn’t seem to threaten him at all. It was nice. Safe. He took a deep breath and all the tension he carried seemed to leave him on the exhale. Across from him, Michael reached forward to cover his hand again, a reassuring smile crossing his lips.
But Sam was pointedly ignoring his brother, his attention fully on the djinn. “You know who you’re looking for?”
“Seriously?” she snapped, pressing her hands against the glass that separated them “I’ve been trying to get in all-”
He had the decency to look away when Dean flushed. Angelic orgasms he could get used to, but the idea that Cas,
There was a knock at the door and Dean frowned. Cas had said he needed to get something but he had a key. Dean took a last look in the mirror. Well. He wasn’t going to get any prettier.
Sam’s head appeared in the doorway, frowning until he saw Dean and his face relaxed into pure relief. “Dean,” he breathed, rushing forward and throwing his arms around his brother even though Dean was still holding a sword.
“I want to see you,” is Deans’ affirmation that they will do this Cas’ way. That he belongs entirely to Cas. It occurs to him that Cas doesn’t know that. Not yet anyway.
seemed to spin on her axis, coming about so sharply that most of the hands had to grab onto something to stop themselves from falling over.
Her matter of fact tone was completely at odds with the way Dean practically recoiled, blushing furiously. “Oh...we haven’t-” he caught Cas’ eye and looked away, quickly. Rowena and Sam needed to leave. They needed to leave now.
“I was thinking we could go tomorrow?” he says as though he’s actually had any kind of conversation with Dean and not left him to guess at what’s going on from the vague glances he’d caught of his phone screen.
Everything seemed to be quieter than usual. It seemed he could barely hear those around him over the rushing in his ears. Roman was saying something that he couldn’t understand, yet he distinctly heard himself responding. Then a faceless nobody stepped forward to officiate. He announced the rules of the duel and it was a good thing Castiel knew them by heart, for he couldn’t hear a word of them. Then his gun was being presented to him and he was back to back with Roman. His feet seemed to be moving of their own accord but at least he could hear Balthazar counting off his steps. He might have taken a moment to worry that he seemed to be having an out of body experience, but then he was facing Roman and he could see everything with startling clarity.
Sam cradled Queenie’s head in his lap whispering reassurances to her though Dean couldn’t tell if she was coherent enough to know what he was saying or what was going on around her.
The drum roll died away as he returned his hat atop his head, but nobody moved. Nobody except Balthazar who grabbed Castiel by the shoulders, looking into his face as though it might possibly be a trick.
Castiel pushed himself up, resting his head against his hand so he could look at Dean. “But I might. After the war, I could-”
“I trust you are not questioning the Captain’s orders, Mister Ishim?” he asked, but with no hint of his usual good humour.
Bobby obviously picked up on it and waved him off. “I may be a damn cripple but I can still get around my own house, boy.”
Cas smiled patiently and was on the verge of answering when Sam spoke over them, “Oh hey, buddy, no, it doesn’t quite work like that.”
Dean drew back, allowing only the smallest of spaces between them. He didn't want to bathe, he wanted to strip his mate and make love to him on the same bed they'd made love just a few hours earlier. But, they really were filthy and not in a good way. “Yeah, you’re right. Together?”
. Besides, Zachariah was right, he was exhausted. He could go back to his ship, write his report and once it was in writing there would be no denying Roman’s corruption.
her preening under the praise and Dean caught Cas’ soft smile out of the corner of his eye. “Well, in that regard I can help at least. Witches have been helping omegas with their heats since the dawn of time. I’ll have Samuel send you the list of ingredients you’ll need, but there shouldn’t be anything too complicated.”
Behind him, he heard Benny roar out, “open fire,” but even in the chaos, he calculated that they were on the wrong tack to do any real damage. He turned to look for Dean, but couldn’t see him where he had been standing a moment ago.
Cas gave an amused hum, pulling Dean imperceptibly closer. “I believe I was promised things that did not require rest upon our arrival,” he whispered into Dean’s ear, marvelling at the goose-pimples that broke out at the mere whisper of his breath against his mate’s skin. “And as your brother won’t be back for some time...”
“Dean!” Sam shouted, yanking him from the positively sinful sight before him and reminding him that they were actually here to do a job.
Castiel frowned, he could not tell the time, not precisely, but he knew it was around now they should be meeting. He sniffed the air, surreptitiously, yes...it was about right. About five thousand years had passed since Castiel had spread his wings around a planet in its infancy and turned his gaze outwards, protecting it from anything that threatened it. His watch had ended and he had returned, here, to this place, where the others were supposed to meet him and return him to Heaven. His brothers were not here yet, but, he sniffed the air again, they would surely not be long.
Whatever this was, it didn’t last. It couldn’t. Not with Cas as desperate as he was, all but clawing at Dean as he thrust against him, throwing his head back and coming with a startled cry, as though he had surprised himself with the force of it. Dean couldn’t help but follow him over the edge - he just looked so spectacular, taking what he needed within the same twenty-four hour period that he’d admitted he didn’t care for sex.
“I love you,” Castiel said, sincerely, trying to settle himself without hurting Dean. Of course, the movement and possibly the declaration caused Dean to lock up again beneath him and he groaned, loudly as he came again. “Hm,” Castiel murmured, with satisfaction, “I can get used to this.”
“Beyond that,” Rowena continued, as though she hadn’t been interrupted, “it seems as though this heat is no more unnatural than any other. The symptoms are progressing as you’d expect, it’s still early days so it’s all rather mild for the moment.”
Cas was waiting for something. Dean had never seen him fight before, not like this at any rate, but he could sense that he had
“Okay, okay, Cas,” Dean said, leaning forward to leave a small kiss on his mate’s forehead. “Shall I send for the doctor?”
The sound of the horses' hooves echoed against the stone cobbles of the courtyard. Given the number of men and horses following and Sam beside him, Dean probably shouldn’t have been able to single out the sound of his own horse, but despite the number of them, there was hardly any sound. They were too exhausted for that.
“No, no, I’m -” it looked like he couldn’t find the words for what he wanted to say and Castiel cast around in his memory, trying to remember what interaction looked like.
But Michael didn’t flinch. He just stood a little taller, still holding Castiel even as he rejected him. “Yes,” he said, bluntly, though Castiel would have sworn his eyes looked wet. “I know it’s not what you want to hear, I wish I could just take you away, I wish...”
He thought about telling Michael the truth. Several times he found the words forming, a breath away from being spoken. He could tell him who he really was, tell him that he understood what it was to feel a sense of duty, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to do it. What could it possibly achieve? Michael’s family might be impressed that Michael had brought home a prince, at least until they discovered the full enmity of the Comtissa. She would not appreciate Castiel subverting her great success and what of the Winchesters? They would hardly be prepared to let the intended of their son to run off and destroy a treaty that had taken years to prepare. True mates were rare, a blessing for those that found each other and a dream for those who didn’t. But it was all irrelevant in the face of politics.
“Naturally. And who have you found to be your second for this insanity?” Castiel looked up at Balthazar, unblinking. “Oh no. No no no no. Absolutely not. He’s going to kill you, Cassie.”
Cas frowns before he finally says, “You can’t sleep here, Dean.” Dean looks up, alarmed even though he knows Cas wouldn’t throw him out, let alone at a time like this. Cas holds his hands out gesturing to the couch. “This couch is way too small for you.”
He told Castiel of the idyllic community he and Sam had grown up in, how it was hard living, but fair. How the people made it home and everyone was a friend. When Dean and Sam’s parents had died it had been Bobby who had taken them in, but the entire island had made sure they were alright. It had been a good life, close enough to the other islands to trade but not so close the governor ever bothered to look in on them, as long as the taxes got paid.
Beside him a woman screamed, “Keep pure the stock of the Lord!” and Dean had to bite his tongue before he said something he’d regret about the concept of personal space. Did she really have to be so loud?
Another knock at the door brought him from his reverie and he was glad for it. He felt bad enough without wallowing in the decision he couldn’t quite bring himself to regret but could hardly celebrate either.
“That’s not true,” Cas snorted, even as Dean pulled him down onto the cushions, wrapping them up in the covers. Cas aided the effort with his wings, tucking them around Dean in the way Dean loved the most. It was like a cocoon of warmth, the softness of Cas’ feathers more comfortable than any pillow the kingdom could have offered. Dean settled against Cas’ chest, his arms securely around his waist. “I don’t like sleeping without you,” Dean insisted.
Dean was, unsurprisingly given his lack of experience, one of the last to arrive. Sam waited in the courtyard, mounted on his horse, a heavily armoured steed beside him for Dean, watching the soldiers fall into line. They looked tired, most of them seemed to hunch a little and even from the distance, Castiel could see the weariness in Sam’s eyes.
Cas rests his forehead against Dean’s, breathing him in. He’s gorgeous like this; holding Dean close as though he is too precious to be held. As though any minute now Dean will realise he doesn’t want this and leave Cas on the bed.
“You hit your head or something?” Dean asked his brother, “The hell would Cas be doing with all that stuff? He doesn’t eat protein bars and he doesn’t need scent blockers seeing as he’s got no scent...” Cas winced at that and Dean knew instantly that Sam had been onto something. Something that Dean had obviously missed. The next forkful of bacon and pancake hesitated in mid-air between Dean’s mouth and his plate. “Cas?” he sighed, “What’s going on?”
Castiel fixed him with a stare that showed that yes, on some level he was angry, but that was nothing compared to the worry within him. “Sit down, Sam,” he said, gently, “We need to talk about this.”
“We need more sail,” he roared up towards the hands crawling over the masts, “Benny, come about, get us on the larboard tack before they get a shot in.”
“We’re here,” Cas soothed. “You’re going to be okay but you need to put Dean under so he can help you get better.”
“It’s a tunnel,” Castiel bit out, impatiently, regretting how Dean seemed to shrink a little from him. “I’m sorry,” he said, immediately reaching for his mate, drawing him close, which wasn’t difficult given how close they were already forced to be. “I’m-”
It was strange to look at the incredibly neat hand over the page addressed to Dean. This was the first indication he had of the Novak prince as an actual person, not a nebulous idea of a future husband. He took a breath and read.
“He is my mate,” Castiel roared into Gabriel’s face. But the words were lost as a deafening horn rang out from the gate, throwing every angel including Gabriel to the ground.
“Go talk to your brother, he’s outside. And don’t worry, I’ve doused him in scent blockers so you won’t need to go all dominant alpha on him.” Dean made to pass her but she caught his arm before he could. “How is he?” she asked, nodding her head to the bedroom Dean had just left.
Dean’s parents came by every day though it might simply have been a human concern for their son. Castiel wasn’t prepared to risk it and Dean didn’t seem to be in any particular rush to see his parents. He was still upset that they had been so eager to turn over Castiel and the baby to the angels. Their own grandchild.
By the time they get home and Dean has unpacked the groceries, noting that Gabriel has a relatively well-stocked store cupboard, the prospect of being stuck in someone else’s home for the time being isn’t as awful as it had been when they’d first considered it. Or at least it isn’t as awful a prospect for Dean. Cas has the new sheets unpacked but hasn’t gotten as far as actually doing anything with them, choosing instead to just stare at the bed.
The sheaf of papers in Zachariah’s hands slammed against the table, but Castiel remained unfazed, keeping his expression deliberately neutral. Eyes front, chin up, he’d endured worse from far more trying people than what he was about to suffer under Zachariah.
“Nope, come on,” Dean grinned, leading the way over to what was apparently called an ‘RV’, if the faded insignia was anything to go by.
Dean lowered his hands, blinking against the residual impression of the light that had burned its way into his eyes, but it cleared swiftly enough. And it had worked. Or at least, he assumed it had worked. There was an angel in the trap, though not quite the angel Dean had expected.
“...We’ll take what we can get,” Dean sighed. “Alright, thanks.” Even though he couldn’t see his brother he recognised the loaded silence and knew that if he’d been there Sam would be avoiding his eye. “What?”
“I...I don’t have to,” Cas said, gesturing across the scorched field where even at a distance Dean could make out a faint glow and another and another, several springing up around the distant fortifications.
Sam handed Bobby his satchel, staying long enough to hear Bobby’s snort of thanks, which sounded sincere even though he didn’t actually say anything. Sam headed back the way they came, while Dean seemed to hesitate over moving closer to Bobby.
"I um...I have something...that uh..." Cas stuttered, nibbling at his bottom lip. Dean wished he wouldn't do that at the best of times, but at this point it was less distracting and more worrying. Cas rarely stuttered. Dean had seen several shades of Castiel: Angel of the Lord in his time and this was well into ‘freaking out’ territory. Reflexively, Sam and Dean lowered their cutlery, the ting of metal on ceramic perfectly coordinated as they both turned their full attention to the angel, who looked as though a moment longer under their gaze would have him sweating from stress.
Dean was heading back to him so Castiel simply stepped away from Gabriel. “Well...I’m sure the two of you will have fun.”
This time the silence that fell upon them was heavy, loaded. Neither Sam or Adam could quite meet Cas’ eye for a moment. His hand in Dean’s was gripping so tight, Dean wondered whether or not he was a squeeze away from breaking the bones.
“What is it?” Cas asked even though he was perfectly capable of reading the sign. Dean couldn’t remember when he’d looked so happy and he’d seen Cas look plenty happy recently.
Beside him, Clarence took off the acolyte’s hood wringing it out and using as an utterly ineffectual towel. Dean couldn’t help but stare, he hadn’t seen Clarence’s face without the frame of the hood and he’d had no idea what the guy’s hair looked like. Gorgeous. Like the rest of him. It shouldn’t have been a surprise. It was short, dark and even soaked it stuck up in several different directions as though it couldn’t be tamed.
Cas was looking between the three of them with visible confusion, his head cocked to the side slightly. “I’m an angel?” he suggested as though it were the most obvious thing in the world.
It was a testament to Castiel’s many years at sea, that he knew something had happened before there was any sign of it.
Castiel was kissing him back, even though the whole ship and probably those aboard the one he’d just left were watching him.
He flushed deep red when he realised Dean was staring at him again, but this time it was with an open question. “You never seen two people in love before, Cas?” Dean asked with obvious confusion.
Zachariah took the rebuke, as he had to, and through gritted teeth said, “My apologies. You mean, the Lord Admiral, Sir Michael Novak?”
Dean looked at Sam but Sam only shrugged even if his face looked panicked. “Alright,” Dean snapped. “Rig me up.”
“Well...I mean we’ve gotta get some supplies if we’re gonna hunker down, you think we should get new sheets while we’re at it?” Dean asks as Cas steps over to the bed, a braver man than Dean, and runs his hand over the comforter as though to confirm that yes, it is velvet and yes, it is the tackiest thing Cas has ever touched. Dean wants to wash his hands by association alone.
Beside him, Dean stirred, his face breaking into a beautiful smile when he opened his eyes to find Castiel where he’d left him. For a moment, they were content to just look at each other, the events of the night before coming back to them in lazy increments.
Castiel dropped down after Dean, taking a moment to reassure their ride in such bleak surroundings. He moved over to examine the stone, just about able to make out the faint carving of a sigil etched deep into it, but not deep enough that it couldn’t be blighted by the swipe of a particularly vicious demon claw.
“Because I feed her the good stuff, don’t I, Baby?” Dean said, fondly, scratching her behind the ear.
So that’s exactly what he does. He pulls down Cas’ underwear, leaving it somewhere around his knees. Cas kicks them off with a series of uncoordinated, jerking movements. Dean lets him, allowing his breath to ghost over the head of Cas’ cock as it bobs between them. Dean wants to swallow him whole but he’s going to take his time. He leans in pressing soft kisses to the tip as Cas’ head rolls back against the pillows, his eyes closed tightly as though the sight of what Dean is doing to him is too much to bear.
Dean cupped his face and kissed him again, tenderly, softly, promising that and everything else. “Cas, I love you much more than that.”
Dean rolled his eyes, this was the worst part of the pretence, “Blessed be the Norm,” he muttered, through gritted teeth. At least Sam had learned to stop wincing whenever he heard it, there was something to say for exposure therapy at least. Dean really had to learn how to hide his disdain as well as Sam did, it should be easy given that it stared down at him from almost every building.
There was a short trip to the shore and an even shorter trip to one of the lesser-used beaches where they would not be disturbed. At one point, Castiel was aware that Balthazar had reached to take his hand, holding it tightly for a long time. If Castiel had raised his broad pennant, it would have been Balthazar beside him to have seen it. Such things seemed like the fancies of another life now.
Dean brought Cas to the very edge of bliss with tender kisses and a clever tongue. He watches Cas, almost in wonder as he calms himself. Then Cas pushes himself up and their lips clash together in a kiss that’s more teeth than anything else as Cas moans against him, “-too close. Not yet.”
Sam rubbed a hand across his face, which only served to make it dirtier, “I’ve got to go through the reports,” he sighed, “We lost four more-”
They stayed in the courtyard long enough to watch the last of the men drift towards the barracks, only four less than they’d started, but then the demons seemed more interesting in picking them off one by one, gradually wearing them down than killing them all. They’d be able to take the fortress with one well-coordinated attack at this rate and Dean thought it might be too much to hope that they didn’t know it.
The area surrounding the bunker wasn’t particularly inspiring in terms of views, but it wasn’t as though Dean would risk himself or Cas going further out just so they could potentially look at something else. The two of them usually only ended up looking at each other anyway. Hell, if the destination was the point of the journey, they would have probably been better off walking. As it was, they were in the car for hardly any time at all, but the novelty of driving, even over such a short distance, even as badly as Dean did so, had yet to wear off.
Clarence followed the point of his finger and his eyes lit up at the sight of the stand. “Seriously?” Dean laughed, “you’ve never had a fritter before?”
“Hi, Clarence. So. You a runaway too?” Dean joked, knowing the truth and feeling only a little guilty when Clarence jolted backwards as though he’d been struck. He yanked his arm free of Dean’s touch and scrambled away from him, only stopping when his back came into contact with the wall of the building they were sheltering beside.
There were several boats at the docks, offering their services to row people out to the various ships anchored around the bay. Castiel slipped a couple of gold sovereigns to the rowers and ignored their questioning looks. He would hardly be the first captain they’d have rowed out to their ship, but it was certainly more usual for them to use their own boats with their own men in their own livery. Castiel paid them no attention, his eyes fixed firmly on
Beside them, Sam cleared his throat and Dean turned to him, having almost completely forgotten he was there.
“All hands, wear ship!” Dean called and indicated with just a few hand motions where he wanted them to end up.
The feast dragged on, even though it would usually be the kind of thing Dean would love. But now, every course was a chore, every person who wanted to congratulate them was an unwelcome intruder. At least the dancing gave them the chance to be close to each other. No sooner had a liveried servant announced that the newlyweds were to take to the floor than Dean had grabbed Castiel’s hand and pulled him away.
His mouth closed obediently and he watched as Dean crossed the room to where a basin of water had been prepared for them. He took one of the white cloths and soaked it in the tepid water, wringing it out a little before he held it out to Castiel.
Castiel sighed heavily and buried his face into Michael’s shoulder. Michael didn’t say anything, he just traced his fingers through Castiel’s hair.
, that’s what he had fallen back on. The role of the angels in all of this. But, that wasn’t why Dean was annoyed. The guy had an angel blade, Dean had never seen him eat, his eyes were surely too blue to be human. The signs had been there for him to pick up on, but he hadn’t, he’d thought with his dick not his head and he’d gone and gotten a crush on an angel.
“Kinda. It was my fault,” Dean sighed, running a hand over Baby’s broken door. “When I got back, Cas was...well he...” he couldn’t quite meet Sam’s gaze, “he wasn’t conscious. I tried to bring him ‘round but...then I remembered the car would smell like me, so I dragged him out into her. ‘Course forgot about all that work and we were in the one place we hadn’t warded. Some low-level angels came for him, but I...well...I killed most of them, Cas woke up and banished the other one.”
Michael breathed a deep sigh of...relief? Yes, that was definitely relief. “Thank you,” he said, quietly, pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s temple. “I was worried about where you’d go, what you’d do. At least this way I know you’re safe. Will you do that for me? Keep yourself safe?”
“No, thank you,” he replied, gruffly, he was not used to speech. In fact, he hadn’t spoken a word since his meeting with his brothers just beyond where he was sitting.
Dean’s heart was hammering somewhere in his throat but he still managed to pull himself together enough to master an eloquent response. “Uh...what?” he asked but Cas didn’t answer. He just stared up at the sky, tracing patterns across Dean’s shoulder as though it was totally normal for them to be cuddling like this in a field.
When he was ready, he told Cas they were going on a quick salt and burn. Nothing too crazy. He booked them into a motel, a nice one too. Cas might not notice but Dean hoped the thought might count.
They’d gone out to see a movie and gotten some drinks afterwards. Too many drinks in hindsight. As usual, they’d gone back to Castiel’s flat which was generally closer to town than Dean’s place. As usual, Dean had grumbled about how lumpy Castiel’s couch was and Castiel had offered him the bed. As usual, they’d fallen on top of the bed, barely managing to make it under the covers after they’d clumsily stripped down to their boxers. As usual, Castiel woke up with Dean pressed to his back, though this time his arm was thrown across his chest, holding him close. And in a moment that was decidedly
The Admiral carried on rambling about Ishim’s nerve and cowardice, but it all washed over Castiel, reeling as he was. Ishim had tried to kill him? It had been well done at least, Castiel had had no idea. “How did Balthazar figure it out?” he asked, cutting Zachariah off abruptly, but he didn’t seem to notice.
It was a hard thing to imagine, even with them in front of him like this. Still, he was particularly taken by one of the vehicles up front, the only one in the front row of spaces. It was sleeker than the others, a different breed of car entirely…did cars have breeds? Its colours were still visible, black with silver detail, though only in patches. It had a plush interior that looked more comfortable than most of the seats Dean had sat on in his lifetime, even if they were torn and ragged by little more than age alone. He ran a hand over her, wondering at what kind of person had driven her and he was sitting up on the hood when Cas came out and found him.
“Actually, I was going to ask if you could pass the ledger, that one by your elbow...Never mind,” he sighed, “I’m gonna...go check on the horses.”
Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose in a gesture he’d picked up from Sam seeing as angels didn’t need to resort to such things to avoid stress. Generally, angels were immune to stress. Clearly, the only thing needed to test that particular theory was the presence of a Winchester.
“Dean?” Sam called again, closer and if he came upon them with Castiel’s wings still wrapped securely around them he would know what they’d been up to instantly. Not that there was any shame in it, they were married and mated after all. But...they were also against a wall...in the stables...Sam might take issue with the etiquette of the whole thing.
“They’re lowering boats, sir,” Balthazar told him, “He’s trying to run away,” he added with a scoff.
, you’ve heard on the celestial grapevine that the alphas are going to descend and take you back to heaven where you’ll be breeder number one. But you’re going to go on the run before that happens and hide from them. On your own. That about right?” Cas nodded a little, unable to quite find the words to respond. “Yeah, it’s not happening, I’m coming with you. We’re not leaving you to get hunted down by the God squad, okay?”
Dean’s eyes met his and they both laughed before Castiel tugged off the apron and slid into the seat opposite Dean.
Dean saw him swallow, nervously but he didn’t say anything. He dismissed the others, the guards, Dean could even see him weighing up whether or not to send Adam away, before deciding to let him stay.
“You just did more than kiss me,” Castiel chuckled, his voice a little raw as he trailed kisses across Dean’s jaw.
Dean laughed a lot. Certainly more than any other captain Castiel had known, where the strict chain of command required the captain to be remote, untouchable. There were those who were charismatic enough to let their guard down occasionally, but Castiel was not one of them, nor had he served with many of them. But then, there was nothing about Dean that seemed typical. Castiel had never met anyone so full of life, so carefree even with the burden of commanding the ship. It was only natural, therefore, that Castiel would find himself thinking about Dean as much as he did. How could anybody meet such a man and not consider him as much as Castiel seemed to be?
As an alpha, Dean should probably be reacting to the news that the angel he definitely wasn’t in love with and hadn’t been in love for a long, long time, was an omega. But, right now, he was stuck on the omission itself.
Cas’ eyes darted back towards the door, as though he were worried Sam might appear in that moment in whatever state he was in.
He held his hand out and Cas took it, falling into step beside him, though his eyes were wandering over the fortifications appraisingly and Dean nudged him to break him out of the trance. “Hey, there’s time enough for that. You heard the kid, we need to rest.”
Nevertheless, Ishim continued, “It’s been five weeks, how much longer are we going to waste our time out here?”
“We are not working with monsters!” Dean said again, louder this time, as though the issue was that they simply hadn’t heard him.
If Balthazar were here he would have cuffed Castiel around the head for reminding the pirate that he was a valuable commodity, but the guy would have had to have been dull beyond measure to have not grasped that particular concept.
Nobody moved. Nobody even breathed, though dimly, Dean was aware that a grin was spreading across his lips without his consent. The Queen had gone quite white, nobody ever mentioned Adam in her presence. Nobody would dare address him as ‘Commander’. The Captain of the Guard hesitated, glancing between the king and Sam, who was technically in control of these parts, even in Dean’s presence. Sam gave a nod, almost imperceptible but it was enough for the Captain to gratefully retreat and start giving orders for the men to line up.
Dean freezes. His throat feels hoarse and his eyes are burning already even though Cas hasn’t said it yet. The fragile world they’d created the night before is already crashing down around him.
Castiel gave a small huff, but he wasn’t nearly as frustrated as he made himself found. “Would you like me to consult a healer?” he asked, eventually, hating the way Dean’s brow seemed constantly etched with concern.
Dean was looking through the things Sam had packed for him when he paused at first the touch, then the sight of a battered novel.
Stepping forward, Dean was on the brink of greeting his father when the king turned away to help someone dismount.
“I love you, Dean,” he said, suddenly, looking back just before his hand closed around the door handle. “I pray this won’t take long.”
“Dean,” Castiel breathed but the sound was ripped from him and he wasn’t entirely sure he’d actually said it.
Behind him, he heard his third Lieutenant, Kelvin, dismissing the men from the deck, quietly at first before he finally snapped, “Alright, back to work with you!”
“Get married?” Castiel offered, finding the awkwardness of his future brother-in-law endearing, to say the least.
Cas had said nothing, naturally. He'd not brought the 'coffee shop incident' (as it would forever be known in Dean's mind) in the weeks following it. He didn't refer to it, allude to it, nothing. If it wasn't for the fact that Dean knew Cas remembered everything he'd assume he'd forgotten it altogether.
Gabriel sighed, but it wasn’t the sigh of someone who was about to say no. In fact, he seemed to be considering it. The cocky, irreverent facade had dropped and instead Dean saw that he could be serious; the change was almost chilling.
They’d have a fire pit so they could settle out back together and toast beer bottles over the embers. Inside they’d have a couch so large initially the delivery guys would worry about how they’d get it through the door. But they’d succeed and Dean would stretch out on it, his head in his husband’s lap as Cas stroked his hair and watched some nature documentary that Dean only cared about because Cas liked them. He’d fall asleep there but Cas would always wake him so they could go upstairs to bed.
, as he’d insisted on being called introduced him to the crew who were largely nonplussed to find a naval pirate-catcher aboard their ship. There was Dean’s brother, Sam, who seemed more concerned about the injuries Castiel had received when he fell from
Sam looked as though he might challenge him, but with a sigh, he gave it up. “Meg thinks we’ll get there tomorrow.”
Michael held out his hand and Castiel took it, feeling a warmth that he had never thought to feel again.
“I didn’t mean to!” Gabriel insisted, “C. Novak, G. Novak, they looked the same. It was an honest mistake,” he said, fluttering his eyelashes as if that could in any way placate his brother. “But hey, you got tickets, right? For that charity ball, right? The fancy thing...” he trailed off and Castiel huffed, waiting for whatever punchline his brother was working towards. “So...who’re you taking?”
“Aren’t you worried about Roman’s men finding you?” Castiel asked Dean as the crate Eileen and Charlie were moving slipped from their grasp and crashed against the beach.
Rowena gave a hum that could have meant anything, but she let go of Dean’s arm, “Well,” she said, kindly, “It looks like you’ve gotten your head out of your pretty behind, so the hardest part would seem to be over. I’ll check him over, make sure everything is progressing as it should - and don’t make that face. I’m here to help!”
For all that he was being praised as the hero of the hour, Castiel kept himself to Dean’s cabin while
Dean shrugged, “I guess. It doesn’t matter these days anyway, what little magic the royal family has left just goes on little things like,” he waved a hand at the fountain, “decorating.”
Dean didn’t know how he felt. Numb? As though Cas had just kicked the chair from under him and the fall had winded him? Cas was an omega. That was news. The phrase stuck in his head, repeating over and over.
“It’s one of Roman’s!” the lookout called down and even someone with no experience of the sea would not have been able to mistake the wave of hostility that rolled through the crew. Even the
As he gently works one finger in, Dean’s fingers claw into the bedcovers, his groan muffled by the pillow he drops his face into.
glad I got to meet you. I was even before I realised you were my mate.” He sighed, heavily, “Remember I said I had a family thing? I’m getting married, Clarence.” Castiel snapped his head up, wincing at both the movement and how close to home the words were hitting. “It wasn’t my choice, it’s an arranged marriage, but I’m not in a position to walk away.” Michael dropped his eyes, steeling himself for a moment, “That’s not true. I could walk away. It’d be hard and we’d probably have to run pretty far pretty fast. I’m not sure what kind of life I could give you, Clarence, but if I ran, it’d be my brother having to walk up the aisle and I want so much more for him.”
For the longest time, they just smiled at each other. Dean was reminded of all the poetry he’d ever been forced to read where wordsmiths had blown sentiments all out of proportion. At the time Dean had wondered why they had bothered with such ridiculous expressions, now they didn’t seem to be enough. Nothing would ever be enough to describe how utterly perfect the man in his arms was.
Cas had already stopped, going suddenly limp in Dean’s arms, dropping to the ground, though Dean realised it in time to control the fall, moving with him, though no less panicked for it.
“From the Winchester prince?” Clarence asked, softly, as though he were afraid of disturbing the peace that seemed to surround the statue.
come near to them before they lowered their colours, closed their gun ports and dropped their anchor.
Dean’s smile was genuine and he leaned over both of their mounts so he could kiss his mate. There had been far too little of this since Castiel’s heat had ended and their journey resumed. When Castiel made to pull back, Dean reached up and cupped his face, holding him there so their lips could continue to brush over each other.
Taking the seat opposite Castiel, Dean glanced at the table nervously. “I hope it’s alright.” But Castiel only smiled, it was more than he would have expected from a ship that had recently discharged its cargo.
“You let me know if there’s anything else you need,” Dean said, kindly, moving away from the table. Castiel simply frowned in return; he was not sure what it was that he might require, but the offer seemed sincere enough. Perhaps he was just being friendly.
“’Course,” Dean mumbled then with far more resolution than he expected he grabbed a couple that came with flashy if not descriptive stickers.
Castiel looked surprised that the boy could know of such a thing, but then, he had just admitted to reading through the history of the war so it was hardly a stretch.
“Captain coming aboard!” the man shouted up to the crew that peered over the edge of the ship. Castiel heard the murmur of confusion sweep across deck before the familiar voice of Balthazar met them, albeit a little more harranged than usual.
Sam was fine. Sam talked to all of them as easily as he ever had, as though Dean weren’t deliberately keeping his distance. At first, Castiel had tried to catch his eye, probably wanting to explain himself or something. It didn’t take long for him to catch onto the idea that Dean was not interested. Eventually, he just started conducting himself as quietly as possible, his shoulders a little hunched. He seemed smaller somehow, even though Dean knew that his true form would likely dwarf the forest.
Dean opened his mouth to reply a few times but couldn’t quite figure out what to say. Instead, he took one hand off the wheel and reached over to touch Cas’ shoulder in what he hoped was a gesture of reassurance. “I know. But we’re going to get you through this, yeah?”
