Julie turned her attention back to her daughter, and hurried her off to the humble sedan. Alfie spotted Margaret standing in the doorway of the shop, but she only gave him a small wave and gestured toward his home as she closed the door, leaving him with no reason to stay in the parking area. He appreciated her willingness to keep things brief, likely aware of the situation, and he hefted his case and started home.
Out of the corner of his eye, something seemed off with an image in a frame on a far wall. The picture was a print, and contained two hands he knew intricately, covered with grime as they were most days, only Kevin had very carefully painted her nails a striking red, and she'd put on her wedding ring. Between her hands was held a brake assembly. She had teased him the entire time, suggesting they stage Kevin as a kidnapping victim in her trunk while she stood over him pelting him with nail files, for all the sense she saw in putting a brake assembly into art, but he was still happy to have her involved. The picture was small, and for most, easily overlooked, but he had taken very little time with it, because in his mind, it was already nearly perfect when he'd first captured the original image.
"I'm not convinced at all that those balloons are filled with water, but since we can't risk them falling and getting bleach all over you, as it causes a very serious reaction for some people, you're going to have to hold the locker door where it is and wait for one of the custodians." Cas said, crossing his arms, "In the meantime, we can discuss appropriate consequences."
"Mike!" Kevin snapped more harshly than he meant to, "Leave the room. I'll get to your hair later. Let me breathe, man!"
"Oh... 'kay." Alfie replied, continuing his task as Dean followed Claire further away. Alfie smirked, muttering to himself, "...she thinks I'm 'fine...'"
Cas nodded, "Not necessarily. And if we were going to do something like that, there are several options, he and I might hyphenate both names, or we could all do that, um..."
"So... everybody else can't mind their own damn business, and you want to brand me as your property for fake, just so people don't talk about what a ho I am, and how our baby is a bastard? Because normally, you would be all about fighting that kind of sexist crap."
Repercussions quickly crossed his mind. He didn't work with children anymore, not in any official capacity, in fact, he didn't technically work at all. He tried to compensate for his increase in the household bills by taking care of the usual grocery shopping, but when he'd suggested contributing directly from his retirement, Claire wouldn't hear of it. No one had any cause to drug test him, and even if it somehow came up, nothing would come of it. Begrudgingly, he gave a nod for Lucas to continue.
With a friendly false smile, Claire quickly realized Cora was correct, her brothers and both of their wives had all been in the same grade until Xander had had to repeat his senior year, and it was a small town. If she remembered right, Millie's mother had been involved not just with the schools, but her church or garden club had also seen to Bobby, taking him casseroles and checking in on him after his wife passed.
Kevin looked at Alfie's now crimson face with a grin he couldn't control, "Been nice knowing you, man. Too bad it had to end like this."
"It'll be fine. I'm sure you'll be able to use this to talk me down when Ben gets this bad." Dean replied.
Cas gave his hand a squeeze, "I'd rather see him end up alone and happy than in a forced relationship that makes him miserable."
"Not a problem. You just keep doing what you're doing, lay low, and get your dad some water, okay?" Dean replied, accepting a quick hug from Mike before he turned around to provide Cas with the same.
Margaret laughed, but suddenly ran a hand over her stomach as she'd been doing after particularly hard kicks lately.
Sheriff Mills nodded grimly, looking at Claire's shaking figure in the chair before her. She was upset, but she wasn't crying. Anger had taken the place of fear, which gave her hope for the girl, "Your mother said she found birth control in your room, maybe she put it there?"
The drive home had been silent, and with a brief, threatening promise of a long discussion in the morning, Dean had sent a very compliant Ben straight to his room.
"Yeah... Pretty nice, considering this is a title one school, in a tiny little podunk of no consequence... See, the guy changed his name to Novak because in his professional life, he still goes by his birth name, which is associated with a rather large company. He wants his kids to have a normal life, in your typical three-bed two-bath, white picket fence and nobody hired to pick up your toys and wipe your backside kind of way. He had a full blown playground put into their back yard because he felt like it, but it occurred to him that Mel was gonna be here every day in a few years, so he very generously donated this brand new equipment, the shade structure, repaved the basketball court, and a huge grant fell into our laps that we never applied for, which covered a whole lot more than the rest of it... The Singer shops have nothing on this guy. He doesn't buy things, he thinks about them, and they happen. He doesn't want the district's money, because he's provided a good chunk of it to start with. So whatever happened with his daughter today, and keep in mind, she's a relative of mine, you better learn to see his side real fast."
Legs entangled, although still clothed, Cas let himself relax into the taste of Dean's kisses and the feeling of calloused hands wandering his bare torso until Dean pressed him onto his back, starting in on his nipples in earnest. There was no question as he could feel it against his thigh that Dean was as hard as a rock, and a spark of jealously and resentment began to grow faster than he felt other things should've grown.
"So, just to be clear, Crowley lives?" Lucius asked, ask though the question were both normal and genuine.
"Tired wouldn't account for the number of times you've walked past me, even in private, without the slightest hint of affection-"
Caitlin scoffed, "Are you that desperate for my attention? You have to come down here and throw a tantrum?"
When Rachel walked into the diner, she looked for Claire at one of the tables, and it took three sweeps of the dining area to spot her. Rachel was unnerved immediately by Claire's appearance.
Xander scoffed, "God, nobody in this whole family knows shit about this... Look, you never care when Ben has Millie around-"
Kevin had gotten to the salon desperate for an easy day, especially after the day before had been so rough.
Claire shrugged and started the disc, intending to watch the trailers and reach the menu while waiting for Alfie to return.
Sam chuckled, "Okay... Well, I'm glad that if it has to be some big secret, at least it's something positive."
"I'm not doing this over nothing. I called Margaret earlier to check in, Kevin's acting weird, you were there, you're involved, you've got a history that means you might handle this badly, and-"
"I had to, okay? It was family stuff, I had to sign some things, don't worry about it. I'm staying home until you're sick of me this time."
"Yeah, I might be able to get you up to that point. I just didn't want to make any promises," Kevin answered.
As the car door shut behind her, Claire could feel a trace of Dean’s blood on her knuckles as she leaned at an angle into the seat back, watching the commotion. She specifically watched her mother.
"Your father said you rolled your car over, and threw mashed potatoes at his face." Dr Thompson replied, "And then you assault your employer, this doesn't look like the behavior of a healthy seventeen year old."
Jack fumbled slightly, barely returning the ball to Millie, who rolled her eyes and passed it much too hard to Ben, striking him in the face.
Nick got up, approaching Ben, who'd just dropped from a low branch, heading for the porch, "Hey dad, did you call Trey's mom yet?"
Claire shot Cas a look that said volumes as the bridal shop employee brought yet another pink prom dress and hung it on the rack by the changing room door.
His lips followed the edge of the fabric as he slipped it lower, continuing to press firm, measured kisses to her coarse curls as he reached behind her to pull the silky fabric down her legs.
Julie quickly pulled a folded children's menu with crayons from her apron, and hefted the large plastic tub of dishes to her hip, headed for the kitchen.
As a precursor to sitting for all three children, Claire arranged to have Cynthia over to manage the children, Liam included, adding Ben and Millie into the small family dinner to give Jack someone to talk to as she went over a few last minute details with Millie concerning setting up the new bakery.
Cas swallowed hard before he turned back around, "I realize that scenario may sound awful to you, but that probably would have been the best possible option for Claire, and as long as you were both on the same page about it, I would have supported that plan completely."
There was a sound nearby that almost made sense over the noise of the vacuum, but it wasn't until Claire called loudly enough to startle him that it caught his attention, startling him and causing him to jam the nozzle further under the seat than he'd meant to, but he couldn't reach the power button from his current position.
The Oldsmobile, less one car seat, which had been left with Ben, swung up to the curb as the three men arranged the suitcase and carry-ons in the trunk before piling in, Alfie climbing into the passenger seat and greeting Claire with a kiss.
He thought Claire had been staring into space, but with a small motion from the window she made a quick march to the front door, throwing it open and continuing down the steps as Dean entered the front yard from the driveway.
"Thank god, last thing I want to do is more dishes." Claire replied, stacking several different stacks of paper together and setting them on the coffee table.
Cas kept his distance as Dean undressed, waiting by the sink under the guise of being ready to turn off the running water, and added the bloody washcloth to the basin. Getting into the hot spray, Dean continued to speak to him with the occasional comment, both of them aware without mentioning it that Cas had thought better of joining Dean.
He set it back in the box, on top of the others, "Seems I've stumbled into a fairly personal detail, but for what it's worth, I am terribly sorry."
"Whatever it is, it's not mine, it's yours. You need to take it out of here," she answered, unlocking the door. She abruptly turned on Claire, making Claire jump, "Did I see you at Marian's funeral?"
There was a tap at the door just before it slowly opened, and Dean came in quickly, stress showing painfully clear on his face, "Cas... Well, I guess if you're not sitting here with your ribs wide open, can't be too bad, right?"
Cas shook his head, unsure how to explain it to the child without worrying him, "Not exactly... But it makes me look old. Older than I want to feel, and looking older than you are can make you feel worse about yourself, sometimes."
"Nope. Just dropping off a gift basket, and some pushy nurse thought I was her dad and dragged me back there to say hi. She's not feeling real sure of herself, asked me to stick around, so, I figured this was close enough." Dean replied, looking up from his phone.
Alfie had, of course, told him everything. The boy wouldn't speak to his own parents much at all anymore, and Crowley had done his best to be available as Alfie had been living alone. They still spoke regularly on the phone, and Crowley had even made it to a couple of his gallery events, but he hadn't stopped in for a visit in over a year.
Dean nodded, "I know what it said. He has some good reasons. But whoever put it there was messing with Claire, they wrote on the other side, too. Alfie was trying to help her out."
"It's not," Dean replied, "I just, I guess, I need to mind my own business. But you're great kids, and I want to see you happy. And if it's just not in the cards, well, I get it. Consider me completely off of the topic, I won't bring it up again, I love you both, now I'm gonna head inside and give you some space, and hopefully everybody can all just stay off each others toes for the rest of the day."
She nodded, a hand coming to her forehead, and pointed him toward the couch, "Sit down. I have to show you something."
Ben woke groggily as the summer air, barely cooled by the wide open window began to warm considerably. The sun was high in the sky by that time, as it had been a long night, and cracking one eye open, he found Millie stretched out next to him.
Xander scoffed and shook his head, "There's nothing to hide. Ben's busy with his whole dead-baby thing, or whatever, Claire's kicking her husband out, I'm just changing light bulbs for some old guy who can barely get out of his chair, and driving some old lady to the store for an electric can opener so she can feed her cat. You and Pops are busy."
Cas shook his head, and with a look at Lauren dozing off in Alfie's lap, glanced up the stairs to check whether the children were likely to overhear, "With as many years as I've put in working with her age group, and all the training besides, I'm not going to say she's not likely to resort to doing something harmful, but with her personality it would be more likely to be acts of aggression, or possibly sharp objects."
"Was this going on before you got surprised the other night?" Alfie asked quietly, shooting a glance over his shoulder at the open bedroom door to be sure Jaime had gone to his room.
"Claire-bear, I need to grow boobs, and I've only got ten minutes before I get back on the highway," Kevin called, rounding the corner into Claire's open door, "Can you help me out? It's important."
"What's that supposed to mean? You can't tell if I'm trying or not, unless you're a mind reader." Kevin said tersely.
He was also sure that if he'd mentioned it a million times, she'd forget, the same way she'd forgotten the actual day of his birth.
Charlie's sour expression in light of the near constant cheeriness of Donna's sunny personality reminded him of Charlie's natural bubbliness tended to rub Claire the wrong way, and wound have found their interaction amusing were it not for the unanswered questions.
"Yeah? But you had the ring, and he figured it out, why didn't you just take a knee and call it done?"
"I'm doing well, I suppose. I mean, I haven't crossed multiple states to commit manslaughter, that has to count, right?"
Alfie rolled his back to the door, causing a general displaced rhythm of thumps with his fists, and occasionally a boot, his voice steadily growing squeakier as Claire fought to contain her laughter, "Oh, god!...That's good!... C'mon, I can take it!... I can take it, just shove it in there!... Tell me I've been a bad boy!"
"Xander, you were going through puberty, if something got knocked out of whack, maybe it's not how you are. Kind of hard to know, with nothing to compare to." Dean answered.
"Or, you can wimp out and stay here with him, like a whiny bitch." Trey said, stepping closer to Ben.
"You'll be okay, just, y'know, be upfront with him. Guys can't read minds." Dean threw over his shoulder, heading back to the shop.
On a whim, Claire tangled her hand in his hair and tightened her grip, pulling him in for a kiss. He gave a small moan, aligned himself, and pushed inside her already very relaxed body, slick from the twice they'd gone before.
"So tell them loud and clear you guys aren't doing it a second time, even if you are, this is it, and anybody who doesn't support you two love birds is out. No holidays, no time with the baby, they're cut off. Family supports each other, you show up and shut up, or you aren't family," Dean replied.
"Nobody was asking for that!" Claire roared, "All I wanted was some fucking deep-fried starch, and you
"So ask me. I'm not worried." Alfie replied, granted, another lie, "But that's not all this is. It's clear as day you're having trouble dealing with the whole birth thing... Are you still going to that counselor?"
Ben looked out the large window into the trees that edged the back yard, as he heard footsteps behind him.
"You can walk, dickbag. Or maybe that should be dickless." Ben grumbled, pulling up to the driveway as Xander popped open the door of the still moving car.
Margaret gave a whisper of a whimper and turned around, kissing him deeply, pressing him back down onto the bed as she climbed on top of him. She soon freed his mouth to move to his neck, "Keep going."
"Ten seconds." Kevin repeated, "Why? She didn't think I was worth ten seconds, or even a damn explanation."
Kevin unwrapped his second taco, "Not everybody in your life is gonna get bored and walk out on you, man."
Cas nodded through Don's usual greeting, and answered him, "Don, it's Cas Novak again... Yes... Language... Well, to be fair, the substitute teacher was being a bitch."
Dean nodded, still breathing heavily, and with affection, Cas guided him to straddle the bench as he did, leaning forward.
He came to a door that would only open a crack, but the glimpse he could get showed a fairly feminine room, and he threw himself harder against the door, shoving it open. On the floor, he found Xander, feet against the door, and an arm over Cora.
Leslie nodded, getting up, and hurrying into the hallway just as Charlie came through an attached door from the nurse's office. She jumped a bit, and nearly succeeded in turning around and ducking back into the nurse's office.
"She said she came over to help, since we don't have a nanny, she thought she'd keep Mel quiet for a bit downstairs, and let us sleep."
She had already skipped down the front steps when Cas reached the doorway himself, speaking quietly to Ellen, "Cora is a bit, uh-"
Ivan was tightening a screw on a hose-clamp with his pocket knife, and Alfie slowed to watch him, "Philips or regular?"
"Let it go, Ben." Ben huffed slightly and started for his room, but Dean turned to him as he reached the hallway, "Hang on, is everything okay with Caitlin? We didn't give her too much of a shock?"
Mike was still in the chair where Dean had left him when he followed Cas down the stairs. The over-worn look Cas often carried first thing in the morning, likely the reason Dean preferred to let him wake on his own, must have struck a chord for Mike as well.
"I know." Ben replied, "Anybody would have done that. But she was mentally ill. She needed more help than she was getting, and-... You know, she was really nice, though. And she made sure the adoption stuff cleared, she was looking out for you."
Standing, Cas paid no mind to Dean's hands working his zipper down past the point where it was starting to stick, and shifting the fabric low around his hips, moving him as he picked up two small items from the drawer and one of their basic stand-bys of lube. He held still as Dean steered his hips to face him, nuzzling against the bottom of his bare stomach as the clothing went lower, exposing him an inch at a time, planting intense kisses and mouthing his skin as he went. Cas' breathing deepened as he stood with his hands full as Dean continued, running his tongue over a sensitive spot in the crease of Cas' thigh on his hip before sucking the flesh into his mouth and shoving the offending barrier of clothing down much further than before. Finally, although Cas would have had no complaint had he continued, Dean angled his mouth and took him in without using his hands.
Cas was thoroughly tired of Gabe's voice in his ear, and continued to take notes while checking items on district policy and schedules, both online, and on paper.
Watching them file out of the room, he turned to Julie, "We saved you some dinner. It's in the microwave, so you'll want to take the foil off it first-"
"Okay, let it up... He did okay. Got Ben to eat something healthy, let him watch some show he hadn't seen before... Not a bad job... Okay, hit it again."
"So, I know you only met Jess for a few minutes at the funeral, and all, but, she's got a nephew who's two, and she's great with him, even when... um... Look," Sam paused for a deep breath, "Dean, I'm really sorry, looking back, I feel like maybe when Lisa passed, I should have taken some time off and seen what I could do to help, and, well, I just ...didn't."
Linda nodded, trying to give him a chance to stop her, but he kept his eyes fixed on her, "We were going to call her Kimberly, because his mother's family name was Kim."
"That doesn't sound so good," Dean said softly as he stepped inside, "What about you, are you okay?"
He had been about to go in and ask what was taking her when he spotted Cyndi closing the door behind her and heading to the car, but all of the excitement had drained from her face.
Eleanor sat seething until the silence was broken by the door opening, and her assistant returned with a large mug of coffee for her, "I suppose, once I got your face out there and you won over a few million people, you were bound to get too big for your britches. That's fine, though. I've supported you, brought you under my wing, and while I'm not happy about this, I don't have any say in the matter. But it takes a lot more than what you think you have. I give it three years, and you'll be back. You'll be older and wiser, then, and if I'm as nice as people say, I might even let you sit at the grown-ups table."
"So, I don't think I asked at dinner, Donovan, you play any sports?" Alfie asked, only to internally kick himself, "Oh, probably not, right? Because of the asthma, sorry."
didn't even book a ticket. You're a parent now, so even this early, you have some insight to this. You get that call, sixteen, seventeen years up the road, they tell you baby girl here wrecked, what do you do?"
"Because while I was getting it done, he made a comment about them making good attachment points for a car battery... He'd already taken things too far a few times, I just hadn't been ready to end it yet, but that sealed the deal. So I pretended to wimp out, and left it at one."
"And nothing with Ivan in all that? Shit. Sounds like that girl wanted what you had, she was jealous."
"While we're waiting," Cas said softly, adjusting to take her hand more easily, "There's something Crowley asked me to speak to you about."
"I offered to call her. Ben struck another student, mothers are generally disappointed in that type of behavior. I was trying to get him to consider his actions."
Claire's phone began to ring, and while Melody attempted briefly to dislodge herself, Claire only let go with one arm and answered it, "It's your dad... Hey... Yeah, I was trying to get you. Mel was out at the movies tonight, threw up in the parking lot with Mike there, so my dad is convinced that she needs to get the doctor involved... Yeah, I told him that, kind of blew up a bit, and told him to take her in himself. If you want, I'll tell him to wait, you can take her when you get back."
Ivan shrugged, "No, he didn't... Yeah, I guess I'll talk to him tomorrow. I might be able to put up with his bullshit for a little while."
"No, I'd guess a midsized pickup with a diesel engine." Dean answered, but Cas was already half way to the door. Dean got up to follow him.
"That's a job?" Claire asked, "That's not a job, that's a twelve year old girl deciding what to wear. "
"Yes, well, I'm going to have a company do the whole roof this summer. This was a temporary measure to keep the water out." Cas explained, wiping the sweat from his brow. "On that count, we've done very well."
"We were trying to keep it quiet, keep it put away, and now," Dean explained, quickly losing any hint of composure, "They're all over the floor, and I'm up to my knees in your toy collection."
"Oh... Uh, I haven't really even thought about it. I guess I need to figure that out." Margaret said, suddenly painfully aware that at some point, she would need to make such plans.
Claire started to nod, but let the gesture fall into a shrug, "You know I try really hard not to ask too much from you, right? I know it's hard enough, I am not an easy person to-"
"Well, he knows I'm kind of waiting to find out about that... He said he'd help with anything I wanted to do."
"That's not fair, Cas. C'mon, who's that one mom who those office ladies were whining about? The one you said wore more makeup than clothes? And then she put the beat-down on her kid and he straightened out? You, of all people should know not to judge people for appearances."
As Cas pressed in, slower this time, Dean's breath took a jagged pant, and settled into a harsh, if very quiet rhythmic moan in time with Cas' movements. Dean's sedated reaction, something Cas was used to, as Dean often became very pliant on a second round, amused Cas, as the thought crossed his mind that Dean had been desperate for him, and now, having received such a dose of him, wanted nothing more than continued contact. Cas allowed his hands to wander as Dean wrapped his legs around Cas' lowest ribs, taking a grip on Cas' upper arm with the hand he had free, surrendering to the motions and emotions that had chased all sense from his mind.
"Obviously... I mean, what do you have to be ashamed of? You're so sex-positive the rest of the time, and then out of nowhere... Where is this coming from?" Margaret asked.
He heard something fall into a wastebasket, and the sink ran for a few moments, indicating she had left the bed. He could almost track her as she crossed the room.
He rolled onto his stomach, uncomfortable, as he considered how the night had quickly ground to a stop. She'd given a whimper and curled forward above him, until he'd had to catch her on the way to the floor, but she'd been falling too fast to stop completely, he'd only been able to slow and direct her fall as she went for the floor.
Dean jumped slightly at the sudden contact, quickly shifting his legs to allow it, "How do you have any energy left after that?"
"I'm not having him killed, just set up for some major annoyances. Crowley didn't even hear why, I was worried he'd come up with ideas of his own," he assured her.
"Okay, shallow breaths until I get this thing up." Alfie was pumping the handle of the jack as quickly as he could.
She took the paper from him, and hastily scribbled her name before slipping into the dark hallway, and ducking low as she passed the open office door, where he father stood, hoping to stay low enough that Dean wouldn't notice her. It worked. Moving out into the bays, she found Javier to be near the pit, and Blake was in the storage room.
"Yeah, well, the 'bad boy image' with the ponytail has to stop sometime. I mean, the get-up has evolved, but you gotta sort that out."
Xander's words brought a silence over the table as the dishes stilled. The announcement had been expected for some time, almost before he'd been accepted in the first place, and Dean had been the one to push the hardest for Xander to enroll. As such, Cas was half expecting something of a blow-up between the two, and steeled himself to calm Dean.
"That is an American taboo," Cas slurred, "And we can set it aside for one day. And anyway, I'm retired, there's no reason for me to keep to office hours. Her, either."
He made his way through the front doors and into the middle school office, looking over the counter, "Hey Ms Paula."
Alfie shot her a confused look but let it go, getting out of the car. He quickly pulled his mother's attention to Dean, dragging it away from her distracted gaze as it attempted to blanket the lot, taking in the shop, the house, and the cars that seemed to carry on for miles.
"Yeah, 'the one that went under.' I had the whole thing running like clockwork before, after Meryl retired, I can do it again," Julie answered, "I went over the budget, savings, all of it, I can do this easy. And if there's something unexpected, Dean said he'd invest if it meant burgers and pie in the same spot. The town needs a family friendly place that isn't from some cookie-cutter chain, everyone's going to want to come back."
Cas wondered if Lucas' words were genuinely meant for him at this point, or if he was simply a convenient receptacle for a heartfelt message that could no longer reach its intended recipient. Either way, despite the lack of energy or willingness to respond, Lucas' message was clear, and somewhere deep in the empty chasm that was his mood, Cas was touched to hear it.
"You know some doctors say heavy smokers should cut back if they get pregnant, but that quitting also might be worse because of the amount of stress involved, stress is bad for the baby."
"We're still supposed to go out dancing, right?" Alfie asked, "There's a place in the next town over..."
"Some concentrated sort of cannabis. It was mild before, I think I did this wrong, but Lucas was busy."
Xander sprawled sideways onto a large armchair, shifting the heavy chair with the weight of his muscular frame, "Stop arguing with the brain, man. You know six months ago when you asked if it was empty, said it's a good spot for playing doctor with poor sick baby ducks or whatever, Alfie called somebody, who called somebody else, and they called some poor dipshit, and that dipshit got his people to come over here and clean, patch it up, paint, fix the roof, and they put furniture in it just for you. You check the garage for a stripper pole yet? If he thought Jack was gonna room with you, there's probably a stripper pole. Make sure it's the kind that spins."
Melody's sharp yelp was followed closely by an accusation that her brother had struck her, and Mike cracked the door, "Hello?"
Cas tilted his head slightly, running a finger down Dean's ear and the side of his neck, "You do try to take care of me... It's sweet when it's not smothering."
She wasn't the only one carrying a heavy burden, they had all lost someone. Millie had told her directly that it was okay to feel like the whole world has gone crazy, it was right for her age. She had explained that sometimes grown up feelings show up before grown up reasoning, making them bigger and scarier than usual, and leaving a kid unable to deal with them. It sure seemed as though she knew what she was talking about. Millie had also told her that when her brain grew up a bit more, it would be calmer. Melody hoped she was right.
Kevin nodded, "Hurt his family... I just want it out there if anything happens to Claire... If she dies, the guy who did it might already be dead, but that's still murder."
Reaching the foot of the stairs, Clair got a better look at the door. The hard slam had broken the jamb, pressing the door too far forward, and damaged the hinges, the problem becoming worse when Kevin wrenched it open.
"Yeah, maybe we should keep it that way. I'm going to ask the waitress to bring out the cake." Dean said, getting up from the table.
Alfie had never gotten used to physical altercations, and over the last several years, through his relationship with Claire, had learned to take a strike not as a cue to strike back, but to back up, reassess the situation, and now found it strangely almost calming as his mind swam with a growing fear.
"She can change the ticket. And I'm pretty sure she-" Kevin glanced downward at his five year old, "Well, she wastes more money than that on nothing, so why feel guilty telling her it's not a good time for you guys, and she needs to plan ahead and fill you in on the details if she wants to see the baby?"
Jack shrugged, "That's the idea. But if you need glasses or braces or something, that doesn't mean you're going to get anybody sick."
Ivan didn't look at him as he set the amplifier in the bed of the truck. Dean added the tote and motioned to accept the guitar from him.
The woman ended the call abruptly, and Ivan set the phone down, her words still filtering in his mind. Susie's feet thumped on the floor as she ran through the house quickly, climbing up onto the chair next to him, ready for her snack.
Catching the sad and regretful tones in Cas' voice, Dean got up carefully and moved to sit on the couch, tight against Cas' side, putting an arm around his shoulders and taking hold of his hand, "I could be a little louder, I guess... I'm not throwing dishes, though."
Kevin quickly squirmed out of his jeans and boxers in the small space, as Margaret adjusted the pillows to her liking. He reached into a small space below the dresser, pulled out a flat box that barely fit inside, and flipped open the top.
"If there's snakes up there, you won't know if they're mean or not until you step on one," Jaime warned, halting her progress as she'd gotten about six feet in the air.
He pointed to a pinprick sized hole above the handle that aligned with the chamber and barrel, and pulled the trigger a few times.
Kevin shrugged, "He'd be devastated if it turned out to be a bad plan and we had to cancel. He loves kids."
"Honestly, I'm kind of scared... I watched some birth videos thinking it would make me feel better, like this one lady was just calm the whole time, but I'm like, that's only if everything goes completely perfect, you know? I have no idea what's going to happen."
"Clear your name... After that, after everybody knows it's not true, and we can all point to you, and say, 'Hey, look, it wasn't true, he's just a decent guy,' then I guess, we'll just have to deal."
"You're serious? Remember what happened with that ferret you had? The one we found in the attic five years later?"
Half way to the grocery store, the puppy came very close to climbing out and Ben carefully put her back down in the bottom of the box, "What's gonna happen with Nick if I go with Uncle Sam to the lake?"
Uri gave an overly patient blink, as if to make sure he understood what he was hearing, "Nipples for everybody?"
"I forgot about that," she whispered, her hand resting on her stomach gave an involuntary protective rub.
Xander scoffed, "Right, like Ben and I don't get shit about the fact that we live with a couple of old homos? The Michael Jackson jokes, the funny-uncle shit, it sucks. This is just going to make it worse."
"Okay. And I don't mean it like anything negative, just, sometimes it's... Hell, depression can make it hard, head injuries, I don't know. Just trying to look out for you... What about the guest bed? Because if a new mattress would help, you know, me and Ben could switch that thing out in ten minutes."
Kevin hastily sanitized the station and paused on his way to the alley to let one of his coworkers know he was going on break.
Margaret twisted her wrist, which was still in his now loosened grasp, "Well, I want to, too, but not like..."
Dean followed after him, "Don't you walk away from me, Cas. Not after you brought all of this out! And you better leave the tequila where it's at until we're done here."
She actively tried not to roll her eyes, "This isn't about me. You're trying to gauge things with Melody. But she's a completely different person, and you can't predict her by going off what I would do."
Dean scoffed, "Hey, I get it, I'm a father too, y'know. But fact is, last night, she slept in a room with a lock on the door, but this time it's from the inside, full access to the rest of the house, and if she wanted a ride back to town in the middle of the night, that's fine, any of us would help her out with that. And yeah, it's a house full of guys, but that's just luck of the draw, it's still a family. And for what it's worth, our daughter, Claire, and our son in law, and their baby girl live right over there in that house," Dean pointed to the small two-bedroom beyond a few of the wrecks where Melody's pastel plastic dollhouse sat on the porch by the front door.
"So I was snooping... I know you know I do that, and I know you don't care... Kevin said you hate being alone, and you put up with just about anything because of that... I found a big ripped print out behind that second dresser in your mom's old room." Margaret said  quietly.
"Yes, but the kids are older, and she might think you won't go for a repeat of her last visit with them in the room."
"Look, what happened to me, that's not my dad's fault, okay? You shouldn't take Xander out of there just because I went through a ton of crap before I even really met either of them." Claire said quickly, concern crossing her face.
The crackling had a slight rhythm,he had to admit it almost sounded like something was coming through, but he also found Cas' action in placing the rings atop the device a bit concerning, "So, is it... Can you make out what's playing right now?"
"No, dude, I mean, why do you need to break stuff off? What's wrong that you want out?" Kevin asked.
"You know," Will answered, "To make sure you aren't too close to your house in case you wind up walking home again. Since you like to get a ride, but you don't put out."
Dean rubbed his forehead, reminding himself exactly why he didn't date girls during high school, "Right... Okay, stay out of her way so she doesn't drag you into this, and give her enough rope, all right? I'll take it from here... She say anything else?"
"Because this is important." Cas replied. "You were seeing him, you were happy, you had a disagreement. That's normal. But what you want to happen next, that matters, and it matters quite a bit. Whether you want to keep seeing him is entirely your decision, and there's no shame in it either way. But he's your coworker as well, and if there's any chance of a repeat of Will's behavior, I think Dean and I should both be aware of your choice. If you want him to stay away from you, that matters, and if you want to keep seeing him, that's something you should let him know."
Dean nodded, "Probably. I haven't really looked at it since one of the kids said it didn't need stitches."
Thanks for reading. Nearly done writing our amazing Thanksgiving, it's a mess of awesome, and nobody gets punched.
Cas glanced at the splintered edges of wood below the now sagging mattress, "That was bound to happen eventually..."
"Um... Well, I thought it was he wanted to break up, right? And I get to the apartment, and I'm telling him, I mean, I know everybody thinks I'm a slut, but-"
"It was a receipt on the garage floor, Kev. All I noticed was it's a pharmacy, then you started apologizing, I don't know, I thought you were up to something, or it was an S.T.D. thing, or something. Drugs, maybe."
Alfie shrugged, "I don't know. I don't really remember. But if I didn't stop you from getting in the pool, then... probably."
you, Claire. The little last name stunt was cute, and I know that was his idea, but you, you slap a public face on this, the empowered woman of tomorrow, you'd be a big asset, run the place when I'm gone, and show off a modernized, equal partnership with your husband... Or, you could always do what I did with Rachel, keep him around on an official basis, see him as little as you can possibly manage, and maybe pop out another kid or two to keep him busy."
"Poignant," Cas replied, "But while I respect his warnings, it is still Randy you're doing business with, he's a respectful and decent person. I'll add my signature to whatever you're signing. My main concern is what happens to Millie and Cora's health insurance if the bakery changes hands."
An old heartache echoed through him as her question struck him hard. She had no idea that his mother had passed before Sam had even been a year old, the stressors of caring for a motherless baby likely bringing about the original round of neglect from his father that later turned into violent abuse. Now, he knew as he looked his granddaughter in the eyes, was not the time for the truth. Hopefully, she'd never know.
"He's her ex boyfriend... She said the other day that he's been making some comments to his friends... I'm sorry, you said, one of the other drivers? There were more?" Cas asked.
"As long as you're keeping secrets, they're setting up for a nursery, but it's a very delicate situation, because there are some serious health complications. I can't spend my days over there without drawing all my well-wishers along with me, at which point anything they have in the works would be noticed, and should they... Well, anyway, it wouldn't be fair to them."
Henry let go of his cane, leaning it against the edge of the table as he raised his hands over the table, uncertain what Kevin intended to do with them, until Kevin gently took his wrists and set them on the cushion, spraying them with a sanitizing fluid and going over them with a cotton pad.
"If that was her career plan, she'd be doing it already instead of wasting her time studying," Ben interjected.
"If it's nothing, then why-," Cas' voice betrayed him, "Why is it so hard to ignore? Why is it running through my mind that if we lose her, Xander won't be able to handle it? And if we lose him as well, am I going to be capable of burying two children and possibly a grandchild? And if that much stress adds me to that list, where does that leave you?"
Castiel quickly bent Dean over the hood and slapped his ass three times in rapid succession. "That was for the suggestion of yourself as the babysitter in the porn I saw. The porn wasn't what caused the 'boner' you were so thoughtful as to mention out loud. Punishment or a gift, you can choose."
Cas nodded, "I'm very sorry to say, unfortunately, I know the position you're in extremely well. But Mr Euless is a student favorite with good reason. Given some minimal warning, she could be completely comfortable in his class. With the pattern of harassment, I think it may be best for her to switch classes, even taking this new information into consideration."
"It would get the news vans out here, wouldn't it?" Cas answered, giving her a hard look in the eye.
Alfie turned to face her directly, his voice firm, "You called Claire a caveman in a dress. Don't think I forgot."
The drive home after the party began quiet, even if it was short, but in the faint light, Cas was certain Dean was hiding a smirk.
"No, just, I'm not going to bring it up. You'll tell me if you want to, and if you want to stop, then we don't even have to talk about it," she clarified.
Crowley smiled, "I don't often hear about young women working as mechanics, is it something you enjoy?"
He took a deep breath before walking up the stairs of the front porch and knocking on the door firmly.
Ivan opened the door before Claire could get to it, and motioned toward the bathroom, "Go on, I'm sure they can call without you."
"Samandriel? It's Naomi, do you know where you are?" Alfie had weakly attempted to speak, but she'd shook her head, and turned back to the doctor with a coldness that rubbed Dean the wrong way. "Keep him doped up, unconscious if you have to, I want him comfortable."
"Yeah, he was there. Probably still is, since Margaret's car is over there now. Xander needed some help in town," she answered, crossing the yard and coming up the front steps.
"It's about making scared people more afraid, Ben, it makes money, that's why they make it, but that doesn't make it okay. They make it sound like there's a killer on every block, and a kidnapper hanging out around every corner, that's not good for you, or anybody... I put kid mode back on, and I'm gonna be checking that it stays that way, but this is something your counselor has to know, because you've been really jumpy lately."
Cas had never had a brother, but from everything he knew of brothers, it did seem that Sam was keeping up with his promise.
"What?" Kevin asked, genuinely confused as he stepped back to her side, unsure what to do with his hands more than ever before in his life, now that they were coated in the same bodily products that covered the baby. One of the nurses took pity on him and removed the gloves.
"If she doesn't make it home as planned and on time, I'll be leaving her children in the care of my sons, tracking her down, and then you. I have nothing else to concern myself with, no reason to avoid prison, and I could likely have a heart attack in any courtroom if only to be an annoyance. As such-"
Claire looked up with a cold, measured smile, "It's nice to see you, too, mom. I'm fine, thanks for asking. Please, sit down."
"What?" Alfie asked, as a chill washed through him. He started scouring the page, far busier with faces, but Melody pointed straight to his father's face in a photo nearest to her.
Reaching her door, she turned around and went back to the doorway of Cas' office. "Okay, look, if I don't tell you first, Kevin's going to come over here, and then you're going to get mad at me for not telling you first..."
"You really like working here, right?... Making a difference in the world, pushing the papers that keep the school running? Making sure the little booger-brains get a decent education? ...Word has it the guy who made the call on that Timothy kid last year was you."
"It's almost eleven, what's up?" Dean swung the door aside as Cas set his soaked umbrella down on the covered porch.
"Cas, as long as Claire's uncomfortable talking without you, I thought we might as well get this out of the way... How are you holding up?"
'We do this for all the ones who can brake the cycle, you know that. if 10 go back, 1 gets out, still worth it'
"'Rock collection' is Jack's code for 'stones,' and you already saw those," Ben answered, picking up the lantern. She stood to follow him, and he edged around the coffee table to show her around, "Sorry, I should have gotten this out of the way before it got dark."
The woman was fuming as she went back into the classroom to collect her things, and started for the office.
"His phone died before he left, and I don't have Claire's number, not since the last three times I replaced it. I mean, maybe we can try-"
"I've had worse," Claire said, "Every time my mother tried to cook. I survived on prepackaged stuff."
With a nod, the woman hurried off again, this time returning with a pale blue gown with a pattern of rhinestones running down one side, and hustled her back into the tiny closet of a changing room. Shooting a rather nasty look at the still giggling Julie, she handed Cas a small box. "Here you are, then, 'dad,' she'll need these. Not everyone has the gumption required to take on heavy labor, break glass ceilings, and still carry themselves like a lady."
"I bet you could." Dean replied, "But I left these two teenagers in the shop, and they were making sex jokes, so if you distract me in here with any comments about cooking oil or whatever, I might forget to check on them."
"I'd get her the car she wanted, make sure it was as safe as possible, and if we lived in town, I'd ban her from taking it on the highway. It's just a glorified golf cart in town. Maybe watch the GPS on her phone to make sure she doesn't take it to the old airport," he answered, "Or you could do what Bobby Singer did, and get her into a car that looks souped up, with no power behind it."
"Maybe I should wait and tell her closer to her graduation... I don't want to make her feel like she has to leave."
"Because it's about your boyfriend, and your job, and has nothing to do with Cas and Ben, who were in earshot the whole time. You wanna talk to Cas, or not, that's your business."
"Yeah. He added me to the deed for everything that used to be Novak land when we got married. Well, except this place, it's all still Dean's. Anyway, if he still legally owns it, then so do I. I'll help sort it out, I just need to wake up first."
"See," Ivan explained gently, "I was asking about the number you have tattooed on your wrist, I wasn't sure if it was a lucky number, a limit for you, some kind of superstition, but every single doubt I had, you just put to rest. Not with what you just said, but how you said it."
The door shut roughly as Cas shook his head as the engine of the man's car sounded outside, "I wish you wouldn't let people treat you like that."
Jess shrugged, noticing Cynthia's attention had wandered, "Look, he's right. If you wind up stuck out here again, it's okay to knock. We could have called your parents right away, I'm sure they're worried."
Margaret squirmed slightly with a hard flinch and a gasp as the back of his knuckles rasped a small patch of texture.
The small house in the darkened junk yard was nearly silent as Cas dwelled on comments overheard from the teacher's lounge. The general consensus was one of frustration, as the student in question was too close to Cas to be made accountable for his actions, while he was perfectly aware that Margaret, Kevin, and even Mike were all wringing hands over the possibility of Mike's expulsion.
Sam shrugged, "I just realized a few weeks after the funeral that she married into the family, that I had been her brother in law for over a decade and it didn't hit me until she was gone that I should have tried to get to know her better, and that you and Ben were going to be just as distant to me if something didn't happen to fix this."
Margaret looked at her solemnly, "Because I'm not having any more, not even if a couple of tubes magically grew back, and the safest way to handle that is early. The minute I even think it might be a possibility, I have tests on hand, I don't have to wait."
Claire nodded as he twisted in his seat to look at her, "I'm past due, it's not a huge surprise. Go handle the stuff at the bakery, kill a couple of hours before stuff gets happening."
"Yeah, I'm getting one of those big billboard trucks, and putting the picture on it, so I can park it outside your house." Alfie grinned harder.
"Yeah, a lot, actually. It's probably a good thing you got me out from under that car when you did."
"Heh.. no." Cas said quietly, shaking his head. "If that were true, I would have been more involved, actually insisted on seeing her. Maybe got her here sooner, I don't know."
Thanks for reading! I will continue to try to answer questions and fix my continuity errors as they pop up. FW)
Cas had reached across Dean's torso to take his left hand, examining it before lacing their fingers, and between the hand and Dean's bare neck, Cas deduced what Dean had yet to realize, "You've misplaced your rings."
It had been an indeterminate amount of time since desperation had driven her from the house leaving the girls in Ivan's care, since ingrained habits had pulled her to the vacant building where she'd invested so many hours, and curiosity had led her out of the car to pry nosily at the darkened windows, her hands cupped around her eyes as she leaned forward to compensate for her large belly.
Kevin was aware that at some point during the night he had rolled over, and had wedged his face below Margaret's chin. Barely aware, he'd felt her stroke his hair and reflexively peck a kiss to his hairline, but he'd only let his arm drop over her hip and dropped off once more.
They waited in silence for what felt like an eternity until the  familiar sounds of Dean's voice carried from the front desk. Both of  them, and their fathers, were soon ushered back into Sheriff Mills' office.
"My friend is in the hospital, mom! And the sick bastard that put her there got what he had coming!" Kevin yelled.
Her expression seemed to go blank, and he was unsure if she was still aware of her actions, though he assumed she meant, as she let go of his jeans, that this had been the point when her clothes had been taken from her.
"Right." Ivan answered, "Or, you just want to talk about her, like you do to everyone else. People can hear you, you know."
Dean raised his head, crimson dripping from his nose, "What the fuck...? We weren't even going that hard yet."
"Claire... hey, stay with me... talk to me..." Alfie said softly, trying to catch her eyes with his own.
The large glass door from the living room opened, and she was easily aware of Kevin's soft footsteps approaching, expecting it when he settled his hands on her shoulders, leaning over her to greet her with a quick kiss, "Burning the evidence?"
"You haven't even heard what I'm asking, and I came all this way. I'm an easy guy to get along with, so long as you stay off my toes. And everybody has their price, I know. Don't think I won't make it worth your while."
"Listen, I have had just about enough for today, I don't want anymore crap from anybody-" Lucas stepped closer and caught her gently by the wrist, having noticed by droplets of scarlet on the floor where the wound had occurred, and pulled her along at a relaxed pace to the sink in the garage. He knew the risk he took, but Claire seemed to feel safe enough that she didn't fight him.
"Claire, there are many factors I'm sure you don't want to discuss, but while I understand some less conventional arrangements exist, I'm concerned that you haven't had enough experience being in a regular relationship to handle something more complex."
The very basic but balanced, low sodium meal was nearly done when Dean stood from the table suddenly, pulling a bottle of red wine from the fridge, "I almost forgot."
Claire shook her head and began to pace, "You're gonna get whatever Mike says you need. And if he shows up again before you're home, I'm going to hand him a credit card and a really obscure budget amount to see how close he gets to that last penny. That kept Kevin busy once for about three hours."
Ivan kissed her softly, snaking an arm around the back of her waist before dramatically dipping her backward, holding her there and pulling back a bit, "Better?"
Melody's reaction was a bit convoluted, a small shrug easing into a timid shake of the head, followed by a slightly more certain shake. "I know my brother thinks he's real, so I'm not telling until he knows."
Dean squeezed his hand, "So it's the thought that counts. Good to know. I mean, I know I can't carry a tune in a bucket-"
"Someone put notes in your locker?" she asked, coming closer, picking one up and starting to read it, "We don't really- oh my god!"
Cas extended his hand to just past her reach, "If I didn't have good cause to be concerned, I would have left this alone."
Dean tensed, "I don't have any mental health issues, that's just how they used to label discrimination back in the day."
"The bottom of the stack seems to be from Dean to Bobby, and these ones look like Dean had kept Bobby's letters and threw them in on top when they moved out this way... I'd guess it would be after that, when Ben snuck it to his room, couldn't make heads or tails, and put it through the hatch in his closet."
Working his way backward from the direction Margaret and Claire had gone, he'd passed the new rendition of the phoenix, admittedly a glorious piece to begin with, and soon found himself standing in front of the bejeweled woman dangling so precariously from the cliff. The emotion on the face of the image was nearly inseparable from his inclination to track her down and comfort her, and the feeling set him on edge.
Cas approached the bar for another double and chaser, and a beer for Dean, not expecting a hand on his arm.
"Well, because, um... You weren't in day care. And I was a really young mom, still figuring out how to take care of a baby and work at the same time," Julie answered with carefully woven threads of honestly, "But then it got easier, and when Susie was born, I had experience, and now I have it all figured out, so the baby isn't a reason not to get the diner."
Dean emptied his beer and set the bottle next to the walkie talkie. "Couldn't have been very good friends if they ditch her that fast. She's better off without them... What about you? How are you dealing?"
Also, just to clarify, as Claire has needed Cas to step up as a father, and he has, there's clearly been more and more parent/child strain between them. That doesn't just go away, sometimes it goes for years, and sometimes it crops up at weird times. That's life.
Dean reached for Cas' hand below the table and gave it an overly tight squeeze, exacerbating the pain in his knuckles, and watching as he tried to hide a wince. Dean spoke in a low voice, but his meaning was clear, "What the hell did you do?"
Cas pressed the button on screen to end the call, and turned off the phone, heading for the door as Dean started for the bathroom, only to backtrack and try for a kiss, surprised when Dean pulled back, "What else happened?"
Mike nodded, "Maybe. Or maybe they're young and stupid. Or maybe they already asked somebody, or they got scared, or they just aren't into you. Could be a lot of things. But at least you aren't planning to stay home. We'll get Pop-pop playing games in the arcade before we call it, it'll be fun."
Dean shook his head again, "Mike, I know you want to help, but anytime somebody's hurt, it's best to let them get around on their own, as much as they can. Keeps their strength up, keeps them independent, keeps their head in a good place where they don't feel useless. There's plenty of other stuff you can do to help, so do that instead."
Cas looked beaten down but hopeful. "She said a few things, but... I don't know. I'm staying tonight, but I don't want to keep you."
"Oh, that's fine, dear. I do love babies." she replied, "Is she, uh... Well, of a similar, um, ethnicity to you?"
Regretting that he'd put off the grocery shopping, Dean started a thorough search of the freezer for anything that wouldn't take an eternity to cook, but a second memory swept through his mind, of Cas in his arms at the hospital, unsteady on his feet as he'd learned how badly Claire had been hurt in the car accident. The memory faded in place of another, coming home with Ben to find Cas sitting on the couch with Xander, at an awkward stage of growth, more or less a very large ball of limbs half in his lap alternating between hushed gasps of words and a pitiful near howl of a cry when news had reached them that Sharon, Xander's mother, had committed suicide. That had been a late night.
"From other people's email addresses. Which you hacked. You're lucky Charlie said there was no way you touched the grades, because they wouldn't even be thinking about letting you into high school if you'd done that."
Ivan had attempted to explain the local morning radio show, and how he knew one of the personalities who hosted, but it came out in a jumble during the very early morning drive. It certainly wasn't the first time, and apparently there was a small cult following that especially enjoyed the on-air antics he'd occasionally be dragged into by this long time friend.
The front porch was clear, and Xander ducked around the end of the house, hoping to clean up a bit with the garden hose in the back yard before anyone tracked him down.
"Technically they're all Dean's, but I understand what you mean." Cas answered, "I suppose you can leave it there with the rest, I doubt Ben would know how to get into it."
Claire looked at the ground, and gave his hand a small squeeze, "When Charlie took me to the clinic, this one nurse kept talking about it, about my age, finishing high school, and college, and she wouldn't shut up, and I said I wasn't sure how I felt about it, and then she just started all over again... Charlie told her, she goes 'Let her think for a minute! It's none of your business!' Then she said there's two medicines, one tries not to let anything happen in the first place, but if it does happen, it can't stop it. The other just... shuts down anything that might have happened, or could happen and, just, everything out... I said I'd take the first one and this nurse goes to hand me this thing, and I was a mess, and Charlie... oh, man..."
"This isn't a lawsuit, though. This is inside the district, and he's never even lived in this town, much less sent his kids here, so what's he going to know about the inner workings of the school district-"
Nodding, she checked that she had everything in her purse, and started for home. She'd nearly reached the bend in the road when she heard an engine coming up behind her, and quickly turned around, backing off the gravel, only for the car to come to a stop.
Claire stopped as she reached the fence, "It means the owners of the ranch sold the place. Now they're going to try to get my dad to sell again, and this is... This is the most boring crap in the world, okay? You're not gonna care. It's family stuff and ancient history."
"You guys know I've got two kids at home. And the best parenting advice I ever got, I got that advice from a guy who happens to be gay. He's the father of a close friend, and this was-, I was going through something similar to what he'd been through, and when I went to him with this, he sat me down with a beer in the backyard, and put everything into perspective."
Ben ran around the side of the house to the back yard, catching Cas in a fast, unexpected hug around his waist, before he was suddenly off again without a word, headed for Claire, Kevin, Alfie, and Margaret, where they all sat quietly, unaware they were about to be bombarded with the behavior of a child, followed closely by Nick, who had seemed to sprout longer legs over the past few days, if only to keep up with Ben.
"Dean passed away last night. The boys had to drag Dad out of the room. He's downstairs now, Alfie's got him, but Ben and Xander, their moms... I'm not a hundred percent I have everybody in hand. But we need space for the folks coming out to pick him up, and-"
"And this is what happens." Trey continued vehemently, "He sits the closest to Curtis, he's suffering the worst. You gotta give us back the gas masks so we can survive."
"Yeah?" Dean called over his shoulder, stowing the straps on the back of the truck that had kept the parts in place.
On the top of the second highest stack in the yard, five cars up, during a break in their game, Ben was showing the other boys how he'd set up in the back of an old jeep further away and had Jack run around a corner and drawn out the other two as Ben had picked them both off.
Cas grabbed a handful of Dean's hair and kissed him roughly, pressing his legs down on Dean's ass to push him in further as he bit down on Dean’s lower lip, panting while Dean began to pick up speed.
Superintendent Keller straightened at the last word. "Is that right, Mr Winchester? You're looking into bringing an attorney into this?"
He nodded gently and reached for the largest piece of the fallen lamp, "So... um, this happen on accident, or intentionally?"
"The cars part, yes. Paperwork, I could do without, but then I wouldn't have control of the business, and I only went to school to learn how to, y'know, hold the reins."
Claire hopped into the passenger seat, and buckled in. "Kevin asked me to drive Alfie home later, is that okay?"
"The part where her dad flipped his shit? Went to jail? Stuck a gun in Kevin's face? Because Matt, I thought we were cool, even when she moved in with me, everything seemed okay, but, now I think he just wants me dead."
Alfie shrugged, "Once upon a time, Mama was a little girl named Claire. That's Mama's name, by the way... She wasn't a princess, but she was very special. One day a monster came to her house, and put a curse on her. Her mommy didn't help her, so she called Pop-pop, because Pop-pop is her daddy, and Pop-pop came and took her far, far away, to his house. But Pop-pop didn't know about the curse, Mama kept that part a secret. It made her have scary dreams. Then one day, she went to get a job working for her neighbor, and she found this jackass in a chair. Her friend Kevin told her to go to prom with the hobbled jackass, and she was so strong, and pretty, the jackass figured he had no chance, but he went along with it. Then, right after the jackass kissed her, she knocked some guy on his butt with one punch. I saw it on the cameras later. Anyway, turns out she liked the jackass, a lot more than she was admitting. Pop-pop found out about the curse and Grandpa Dean said to take Mama to a, uh, a wizard, and the wizard couldn't get rid of the whole curse, but it was mostly gone. Then her mommy came to see her, but it was a trick, it wasn't really her mommy, it was an evil witch... It was complicated, right then... She tricked the witch, though, by punching somebody so she'd get taken to the dungeon and put in a cage with iron bars that the witch couldn't get open, and then the sheriff found out about the witch and let Mama go home with Pop-pop. And the jackass got out of the chair, and they fell in love, and lived happily ever after."
He'd asked about school, an easy cop out for any adult speaking to a child, and gained the usual answer, it was 'fine.' He'd apologized for missing her birthday, explaining that he had tried to call several times after the last number he'd had had been shut off, hoping it would be reconnected. Her reply had been both uncomfortable and forgiving, making excuses for her mother. He'd clarified what her age was, getting it right on the first try, and she'd talked about a movie she'd seen with some friends. He'd listened intently, but missed so much of what she'd said, silent tears in his eyes, just happy to hear her voice. He'd asked for the new address, and said he would be sending her mother child support, and asked if she needed anything... In a request that was all too familiar to him, she'd asked him to send her a photo of himself, as she didn't have any.
"So, when does Alfi-" Cas was cut off by the sudden rattle of Ben's failed attempt to come down the ladder with the small, open container of paint.
(A/N: Not much to warn you about in this one. Certainly making progress. Had a few things I didn't expect...
Dean whimpered slightly, and Cas suddenly backed away completely, exiting him, and moving to his side. He reached underneath Dean, taking the gag, "Did you want me to jerk you while we do this? I forgot to ask."
Claire nodded with a grin, remembering how earlier in the year, he'd stolen Dean's Impala, but kept it to herself, "I'm sure you're right. I couldn't imagine trying to get to all my classes on foot, and he's going to start early."
Nodding, Cas started for the door, "Then I suppose I can manage another slice. Mike would probably be your best bet, after Xander."
Dean found the conversation draining, "You can't tell me it's okay for someone to just grab somebody else like that."
Claire picked up the work gloves and bag of tools, heading out for the yard, calling back over her shoulder, "Gonna need a hand with this one."
"I'm asking you to keep living at home for one more year. There are four people involved here, not just me and Dean, and of course if you were, say, twenty-five and living on your own, I wouldn't ask you to disrupt your life and move back in, but you're not exactly set to leave just yet anyway."
Mike thought it should have been a stranger occurrence to find his parents in the kitchen, with Kevin carefully going through Margaret's curls to trim them one by one, in some sort of dry cutting technique he hadn't learned during his training, and was trying to get the hang of. It certainly wouldn't have been the norm at any of his friends' houses.
She lowered her body onto Castiel's, impaling herself with his hard length, giving a moan. "You gonna help me with this? Touch me?"
Words caught in the back of his throat as Claire dragged her hand from the back of his neck down his chest, over his stomach, and wrapped around him firmly, the sound finally exiting him in a strangled whimper that quickly turned to a moan.
"Scrambled sounds perfect... I think I'm going to run to the store after breakfast, before work. Just to get my car on the road." Claire said, a smile coming to her face as Melody's good mood seemed to spread.
"I got the dress, I've got the fittings scheduled, but the veils all look weird on me," Margaret complained.
"What would you do with your hair if you cut it all off?" Alfie asked, making a few small adjustments on the screen above his head.
"I did, though... Actually, I think he said if he caught me doing it again, I'd owe him the five dollars back, that might have been what did it. Crap, and I left that part out," Ben mused.
Alfie shifted, rustling the sheets, getting both arms around her, taking deep breaths against her skin, "So, the thing you want to know... You were acting like you knew exactly what you were doing, completely in control of yourself, and you were going to drag me to bed. And not like the usual, sneaking in here, frantic, screw-now, talk-later desperate kind of sex, either."
Cas gathered his few personal belongings into one box, and dug through his files looking for anything that might need to be removed. Everything looked to be entirely work related.
Claire pointed to the edge of the yard, "Great. We've got a bunch of trees over here. Lots of space, too. No reason to have them in the yard."
"It was cheap, I swear. Pops told me to get- the thing, it's, uh... He worked at a place one time... Just wanted to get you something nice," Xander managed to stammer out.
Kevin took a quick look around to see that no one was paying attention, and quickly tugged her out of sight behind Cas' Ford. "Okay, go for it."
"Okay. I know normally I'd dig out a horror movie, but I've got three chapters I have to get through before tomorrow morning, so, rain check?" Claire asked.
"So... what kind of compromise would it take to get you into a shirt with snaps?" Dean asked with a smirk.
He had to admit Randy had had a point the year before, they had no shortage of customers to fill the space at the new location without taking much strain off the old one, but while the two new mechanics were getting their bearings, scheduling and clerical work were falling behind.
"I have seen Claire get violent with her dad, with her friends, and I've even taken a few of her hits, so trust me when I tell you, she was really holding back. You might be bigger, but she was still looking out for you... Now, me and Cas are going out tonight. You're old enough to stay home by yourself, but I checked with Claire, she's going to be home in case you need anything, because she's still willing to look out for you."
"Well, we never planned for this, since we weren't getting married until we were ninety. But if, in agreeing to make this a full blown husband and wife marriage, if you want things, you know, traditional, as in a fully dedicated, entirely monogamous arrangement-"
The usual evening shuffle, less Ben, settled into a run-of-the-mill dinner once Dean had arrived home, although there was something tight in his expression that Cas didn't like. He had a thin red welt along his neck from his jaw next to his ear that ran nearly to his collarbone, and the surrounding skin was swollen and a dark shade of pink was developing. It had broken skin in a few places, and when asked, Dean said a fan belt on a running engine at the shop had snapped, striking him in the neck. Despite the wound having been cleaned, there were obvious droplets of blood on his shirt and collar, and Cas could help but glance at it over the table occasionally as they ate.
Margaret's breathing changed immediately, and Claire sat up straighter to look over her head, "You know what? You're right. We should switch seats."
Melody shook her head, "I won't laugh. I heard you guys practice it so many times, I think I know the whole thing."
want some space, not that she would, and second, do I look like a mind reader to you? Go ask her. And just so you know, after a few months of sleepless nights, everybody's on edge, and kind of brain-fried, stressed, snapping at each other, that just comes with the territory, part of parenthood... One thing's for sure, though, if you take off and she doesn't want you to, she'll probably break a lot more than the door."
He missed this so badly, it was surprising how desperate he was to hold onto it, thinking of how it usually went. Waking up with the feel of her small, warm body against him, pressing sleepy kisses to her neck, her hands finding him as he started to wake, the taste of her lips...
Pulling onto the gravel road, he immediately swung into the parking area at the front of Singer Automotive.
"Is the gym teacher around? I'd like to handle this as quickly as possible, and as directly as possible," Alfie said meekly.
"If it's not, would you tell me?" Ivan asked, "Or are we just going to pretend that everything is fine until we're in private, and then we're at each other's throats, and not in a fun way?"
Xander nodded, surveying the plethora of spare parts that littered the floor, and the partially constructed coated metal outdoor furniture frame that appeared to be the source of Millie's stress, "Okay... Okay, then, uh... We can leave it in here, or we can punch a big whole in the wall and move it through, then patch the wall up again."
Hearing the shower start upstairs, he shifted to lift her as he stood, and pulled a large printed photo book from the entertainment center below the television.
Claire re-emerged a few moments later, hands behind her head, quickly putting her hair up, the coveralls she'd gotten used to over her clothes, only half zipped up. "Hey, what song was it at the prom? The one we were going to make fun of if it sucked?"
(A/N: You know you want to know. You know Cas wants to know. You might have figured out by now that this was planned from the very start, and that I've debated leaving it as subtext for a while, thinking maybe people would catch it... Well, here you go, we got a full-on reveal, because it fit. However, this is also a massive step in character growth, even at such a late stage.
Now that the doors had opened, and the first guests were starting to arrive for the function, he couldn't help but feel trapped.
"Yeah, well," Claire replied, "You're the reason that kid's blood was all over my hands on Friday, I don't have much reason to keep secrets for you right now."
The more the children became bored, the more their attempt at a covert game of tag seemed to become obvious as Cas tried to navigate the aisles with Claire's list, regularly guessing at brands and sizes while trying to corral them.
"The hard part is," he continued, "How do you tell your child, your baby, that she looks like ... um, inappropriate, without ruining her self image?"
Dean stepped in front of him, blocking his way, "You think you can start crap with Cas and Claire because they don't live here? Because things have been pretty good up until recently. They've been a family to us, Ben. To you. They care about you. But kids who go around breaking crap for no reason? A lot of times they turn into adults who break people. Seems like you're walking that line."
The wail building in Jaime was apparent as his face twisted in horror, the promise of a tiny new brother or sister suddenly being put at risk, "Mommaaaa!"
Cas' arms tightened around Dean's shoulders, and Dean could taste himself on Cas' lips even now, as Cas leaned heavily on the shower wall, Dean's hand continuing to move. Quiet sounds of frenzied surrender and deep pleasure echoed from the back of his throat, masked by the noise of the water.
Cora looked down at her hand for a moment before removing the ring, "That's not where it goes, baby."
Cynthia shrugged out of her backpack, letting it hit the seat of the kitchen chair beside her in something of a controlled fall, "You said you knew them since before they got together, right?"
"Yeah, but how much of that was Trey putting you up to it in the first place?" Dean asked, turning to Ben.
"Hell, I don't know. Most of the people I know who've been together that long are married, or you guys."
Lee kept a tight hold on Mike's shoulder, and gestured to him, "We're just talking. Don't worry about it. So, Tran, you know, I don't see much family resemblance."
Claire shook her head, "It's not like we can do this again tomorrow... But a few more minutes, then we'll go get him."
"So, you done yelling at me for crap that's not real? Or did I fake the moon landing and the video of Bigfoot, too?" Ben snapped, getting up from the table.
"Hey." Dean cut him off, "Cas and I might make threats, but honestly, whatever kids you two have, however you wind up with them, early, late, adoption, I don't care, that's family. Besides, Margaret already asked if me and Cas would fill in on the- well, that side of things, a little, since he doesn't have a dad, and she's not sure she's keeping the one she's got."
"No, the cut-off is twelve, thirteen if you're short. After that, you can only help with the younger kids. Too bad we didn't meet sooner, that's a bunch of candy we both missed out on."
"Is that right?" Cas asked, steadying himself against the initial shock of the intrusion and drawing the razor to leave a bare streak of skin showing through the puffy white lather.
"I called to ask about that today, it seems that once you're past the three-day waiting period, you can just come in with it in hand on a Tuesday or a Thursday." Cas replied.
"Yeah, go on," Kevin directed before Mike tore off for the downstairs bathroom. Kevin stepped around the end of the couch, "How'd it go? You sick of him yet?"
Alfie pulled Claire tightly against his side, and whispered, "If it happens, do you want to talk about that third option?"
Cas rearranged himself cross-legged, and reached for her, waiting patiently until she moved toward him, unraveling the ball she'd made of herself, and pulled her into his lap, holding her like a toddler.
Randy ducked inside the driver door, searching for the lever to pull as Claire, unthinking, resisted Dean's attempts to stop her from pulling away from the car.
"Have we ever talked about it?" Alfie asked slowly, considering the question as Jack started to bite his lip, "Margaret didn't tell you?"
"Nobody's really thinking too good right now. Give it a week before you let anybody scrap it. And don't let Javier get near it with the welding stuff."
"Well, I had an idea, and I'm taking a break to do the family thing for a few months, then I'm hoping to try something a little different. Something you might want to get in on."
"No. Well, Amelia recorded a message for her, I was in the room, it shouldn't be anything hurtful, but it's up to Claire if she wants to hear it or not, and when."
Claire shrugged, "Then Bobby's house will be empty, quiet, and I can pick up where I left off at Singer Auto, and come over for dinner with you guys sometimes."
Melody looked over at the door through which her mother had left, "She's really tough the rest of the time."
The kitchen was silent for a while as Linda gathered her courage. Kevin didn't feel he had much to say. It was beginning to feel awkward.
I was worrying about how upset you were when I left. Now you're suggesting I didn't think of you or your objections at all?"
"I can't find my princess dress," she answered, as though it were a perfectly justifiable reason for her state of undress.
Cas was aware he'd be in full view until Claire reached her bedroom door, and tried to appear a bit more relaxed so she wouldn't be suspicious as Lauren got up from the floor and reached for him while he tried to carefully settle himself on the couch so Claire would suspect nothing. The front door soon opened as Lauren climbed up beside him, still looking for the snake he'd removed from her hands.
(A/N2: Time jump! Next chapter takes place in two years... Which feels like the length of time it's going to take me to write it. ;) lol)
"Hey," Dean said, getting Lucas attention, "Run over and grab Melody's little DVD player, some cartoons, and the box of graham crackers and a juice box out of my pantry, would you? And don't give me that look, get this guy comfortable in one spot, or you're the one who's gonna be chasing after him."
"How the heck does anyone label that thing a truck?" Claire asked, shaking her head, "This is probably one of those things where the expert messed up, then couldn't admit they were wrong... Pretty sure that's what happened when they decided that the seahorses that carry the babies are the males."
"Respect, jackass," Randy snapped, "Either take the day off, or you're gonna pipe down, and get time and a half to sit on your ass all day."
Julie smiled softly, "Well, look at it this way, one more week, then you'll be home for a while, then either you'll sink into oblivion, and go back to the behind the scenes stuff, and nobody has to know anything, or you'll make it big."
Cynthia shook her head, "I don't have any numbers for them memorized since we got rid of the house phone, I don't know, you know? It's always just been in my pocket, so..."
Dean looked up, two more crumpled pieces of paper in his hands, inclining his head. "Do you hear that?"
With his arms against her ribs, working his hands slowly lower within her clothing, it took her a few moments to get her arms comfortable, but she managed to wriggle one between them to fondle him through his jeans, reaching over her shoulder with the other, resting her hand on the back of his neck. His hands were warm, and his touch was gentle as he moved slowly, memories coming back to him of simply trying to get a feel for her body coming back to him. He traced her folds with the least pressure possible, feeling a hitch in her breath. Searching lower with one hand, he found her growing steadily more damp, and dipped the tips of two fingers into her entrance, making a small circle to spread the pooling liquid before stroking upwards and making her shiver.
"Cas," Sam said gently, when he was sure he was in earshot, not meaning to startle the man or intrude on his grief, "Listen, I know that, uh... Well, I thought this might be appropriate."
As Alfie heard the water start, he called through the bedroom toward the open bathroom door, "Did you want me in there, or making you a burrito?"
"Got that right." Dean mumbled, reading another, then immediately crumpling it, "Oh, shit, nope. Nope. Nuh-uh."
But the most damning of all, 'sure' couldn't possibly exist with her still sitting quietly on the front porch steps, rocking slightly as the sun began to rise.
"No, I moved right before..." Claire trailed off as Alfie's arm tightened involuntarily as he realized she had been barely out of eighth grade.
Fury crossed the man's face as he snatched Dean's phone from the desk, and threw it at Xander's face, hitting him hard and splitting his lip. Dean reached for Xander as the man spun around to leave, yelling loudly, "You're ripping me off! I'm never gonna see a dime of my money back, and you wasted my time! I'm gonna sue you, and this whole place, all of you are getting fired once I get the owner on the phone!"
Claire shoved the convertible top down into place, almost expecting to hear something snap as she did. "Okay, what else?"
Cas didn't meet Claire's eyes, instead stepping closer to the foot of the stairs to look up at Dean, who was leaning on the door frame of the bedroom.
Claire and her Chevelle had not been anyone's victims this time. But they had been through this together.
In the kitchen, he found Claire with a half-finished cup of coffee, hurriedly completing a sticky-note to apply to one stack of paper, and then pulling another one closer to go over it, "Claire, it can wait."
In his attempt to make it easier to continue by shifting the rest of his body to the edge and holding on to the side of the hot tub on the other side of Claire, balancing over the water, he was suddenly rudely reminded of the effects of gravity.
She took a breath to calm the tingle of fear that shot down her spine as she heard the name, then shook her head, "Nope. I don't want to call Crowley. You can check if he left anything upstairs, though, sometimes he leaves important stuff on the desk."
Alfie shrugged, "She asked nicely that we think about it, she said she'll give you plenty of space, just like when we saw her in Paris, and remember, when the kids asked her to take them for a second trip to the zoo, she told them that wasn't her decision? She also didn't push for any more time than we offered to spend with her, and she didn't complain about you even once."
"Those guys are jerks. No wonder they were hanging out with him all the time." Margaret mused quietly. She passed Alfie the shake, and he started to get out of the car, where they'd parked close to the main entrance to the hospital.
Alfie furrowed his brow as she came closer, confused, but still trying to listen to what was happening in the living room.
Claire paused, looking at the small chicken nugget in her hand, and considered the relative size of them in her dream, "I think I remembered something, but I'm not sure."
It had become routine for Claire and Melody both to fall asleep, baby still at the breast, and if he was still awake he'd move Melody to the crib, but not always. A dim light came from the upstairs alcove, and as he'd learned months ago, if he was very careful, he could get his ear to a point where he could clearly hear both Claire's breathing and Melody's. Otherwise, the small house was silent as he considered tomorrow.
"Well, it's good to know he'd be supportive in the most long term option, I'd hope he'd be willing to discuss the others."
Cas was hesitant, but caught, "Dean came to the school, there may have been a bit of a disagreement, and I knew he wouldn't be back to the shop yet, so I called and Blake told me you were here."
Alfie shrugged, "I know... I don't know what I was thinking... I shouldn't be allowed to make decisions."
"Given the circumstances, I can't say I blame you. Why don't I see if Ms. Joan has some time to come in here?" Cas said, getting up.
"Oh," she answered, watching with interest as the tarp opened further with some effort, revealing more of a black text that had been applied, "Did he tell you what to write on it, too?"
"Shyeah, not like one of my parents moving in," Alfie slurred, where he'd made it to the doorway, "That would be cause for divorce. I'd go live with-, with Kevin and Margaret's house, forget it."
"Because I promised her mother. I was saving it for my nephew, he's not the type, and this is as good as it gets out here unless you continue to fine-tune it. So that's what she can have. Also, every seat belt needs to be completely functional. You spot anything wrong with it, anything that might cause a crash, and you put a hold on everything until it's fixed, it doesn't leave unless it's perfect."
Taking a click peek at the time at the top of the screen, he put it back to his ear, only to catch a stuffy, sniffling sounding young woman, "Ivan?"
"Take it from the hep-lock. Trust me, if she says she's not going to pee in a cup, there's no convincing her. Let's just take the path of least resistance, and fastest out the door, okay?"
"And you think moving in with your boyfriend is going to help you catch up on your sleep?" Dean asked wryly.
"I don't mind pulling up closer to the house," Dean said over the sound of road noise from the front seat.
"Somebody with enough brains to get past me, aaaand, also he's a student at this school, so he's going to wind up with an amazing future if he can keep himself out of prison?" Charlie said cautiously.
"Margaret was bleeding. Claire took her to the ER and called me. She's pretty much fine, now, but she can't get out of bed until it stops." Kevin put the game on pause and turned to look at him, "So, she got an ultrasound to check, and the kid is fine, and they told us it's a boy. How awesome is that?"
"You're a better mother than I am, Claire. You would never treat your children that way... Does he keep it?"
Alfie relented, "Okay... All right, but I'll be back over here after that, I've got work, anyway. But I'll make sure that comes off tomorrow."
"Maggie!... Aren't you going to say anything? You have no idea how hard this has been on your mother and me."
"Brought us pictures of the kids... Our kids, not his kids," Dean said softly, "Fixed my coffee, too."
Two of the elderly busy-bodies Ivan was growing less and less fond of made their way past him, one carrying Cyndi, the other, her diaper bag.
"Uh, put the pregnant lady close to the bathroom, and I can sit in the middle and be the community pillow?" Kevin suggested.
Claire was loaded with nervous energy, and it was clear she was doing her best to keep it contained, but Kevin was trying to give her an outlet prior to Melody's arrival. She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath and letting it out through her nose, "Okay... Okay, I'm glad you're here. Tell anyone and I'll deny I ever said it."
"I have a list of supposed dress code violations you've sent her to the office for this year. You know Polk has a district approved exception to the code they have in place."
Dean took a quick look around the room while Margaret had her back turned, looking for damage that might indicate the sort of angry outbursts Mike seemed to fear. He found no holes in the walls, no broken, missing, or suddenly moved picture frames, no damaged or upturned furniture, nothing in the room seemed to have been thrown lately, "You would say something, right? If he got violent? Because even with things what they are right now-"
"My goal is a school where the new kid doesn't get his arm broken with a chair, and carrot top isn't scared to mention she's got a new girlfriend. A school where the kids are safe, and the teachers do their job well." Gabe replied, "Skipping a safety policy? C'mon, it's tedious shit, but it's important. We can't slack off on this stuff, slacking off is what got us here."
"Oh, my girlfriend is in early labor. But she's due in two weeks, so we knew it was any time. I should be okay to finish the day."
Sam was shaking his head when Jess came in with Ben, "Sorry, looks like we're going to have to cut the trip short a couple of days."
During the course of the evening, he planned to have Alfie and Claire help him move everything away from the wall the was the end of the building, and tomorrow the crew would open it up, joining the new room into the current garage.
The Christmas tree had come down, there were more toys out than usual, and Ivan was playing an older song he'd been learning for some time. He'd changed Ricky Nelson's lyrics just a bit, and Cyndi, with an energy Julie envied, was dancing in a bouncy circle with a large toy construction vehicle in her hands.
Alfie tried to settle himself with a deep breath, "Well... You know how much she loves you, and how she would do anything to protect you? Her mom wasn't like that. Her mom chose drugs over her child, even when that meant allowing something horrible to happen to your mother. She's probably never going to get past the nightmares, not completely. This used to happen a lot more, and for a while, we even had a lock inside the bedroom door to keep her inside when the nightmares would get bad, but I didn't think that was safe, if you guys needed us in the night, we want to make sure you can get in, and that we could get to you easily, so now she only uses it when I'm out of town."
Ben laughed, but Caitlin shook her head, "That doesn't bother you? The idea of getting paid to be somebody's sex object?"
Claire set her feet wider apart on the floor as he rewarded her efforts with a firmer, but just as slow stroke of his fingers, "Kinda empty, still."
(A/N: This chapter was actually done in a matter of hours after the previous one was posted, that's how fast it went. It's incredible how much work you can put into a fanfic when you're supposed to be getting something else done, and you're on a deadline... I'm about 2/3rds done, deadline is tomorrow morning. Yikes.
Cas shifted his weight upward as Dean attempted to force his unwilling mind to cooperate, all excess blood having left his brain, he was sure. Warm. Slick. Tight. Hard. Probing... Another brief glimpse of reality surfaced and he caught little more than love, lust, and piercing blue eyes.
"Call Officer Evans and let her know her car is done." Dean said, taking a stack of paper from next to the computer. "This everything?"
Dean shook his head, "You're ruining a man's life. For what? Some joke? Why? What do you want, Trey?"
Alfie rolled his eyes, "You spout a ton of bullshit, but I think we both know that you secretly struggle with those sexist connotations and cave to societal pressure, and you have jealous feelings about your partner, same as the majority of the population."
Ivan nodded, accepting the card as he started to walk away. Abruptly he stopped and called after her, "Hey, would I have to move to Houston?"
Watching as her son dutifully cleaned not only crude chalk drawings and words but also the last several months worth of built up dirt and grime from the concrete, Margaret occasionally cast a suspicious glance to the overly friendly and oddly tall stick figure of a man who Mike had called Mr Fitzgerald, and had introduced himself as simply 'Garth.'
Linda shifted her coffee cup. "He never hit you. I just want you to know that, I never would have..."
His intent to have his only child brought up in the midst of the unwashed masses, to give him realistic expectations of the world from the level of the average person, the low-rent boring people, was at its core, a good idea. He wanted to instill a sort of work ethic that couldn't be bought.
Parental sympathy washed over Cas' face as he came closer, reaching for the bundle, "It's not the dog's fault, Ben. It's in her instinct to chase. She's an animal."
Kevin gave him a hint of a glare before shaking his head, considering quickly that already being seated in a room before someone came in was normally to take a dominant position on any exchange, then began to lead the way upstairs, "If it was anybody else, I'd think you were just a micromanaging, power-tripping douchebag... Gimme your phone."
"Um... Yeah, after I called Sandman, I went straight to the Sheriff's office to spill my guts. So, this lady hears me out, says there's nobody to press charges on, and asks me not to make it worse for his family by pointing out that he wanted you dead. But she had this... this big semi had a dashcam, it was weird... So the Sheriff lady shows me this, and the front of Will's truck kinda goes pushing the back of your car, and then turns, trying to push you at the semi, but you sped up, it only clipped your back corner, and because you didn't turn hard, you didn't spin out, you just kept going more straight, she said you dragged along the trailer. Will was at a bad angle, though, and basically went right in front of the semi after you sped up."
Her friend scoffed, "Amy, come on, this guy's probably not even a real lawyer! How do you even know she's pregnant? You haven't seen her."
A young man came to stand next to her, examining the same image with a very critical eye. She wondered briefly if he hated it as much as she did, and why he might have cause to find it unpleasant. He opened his mouth to make a quiet remark, and she immediately considered what she might say to defend the image she hated, feeling that, if nothing else, she owed her own child that much.
"Wasn't there a poster on the back of your door?" Cas asked quietly, standing up from the side of her bed.
"Maybe I can get this out of the way fast... Ben's not going to be gone more than a couple of weeks, so, after he gets back, has a couple of days to settle in, I think I'm gonna tell him... I just want to make sure he hears it from me, in private, and that he has some time to ask questions or talk it out. After that..." Dean shrugged, "I'm sorry, I'm not trying to make things complicated."
Charlie had been quiet, and very clear that it wasn't her place to say anything, assuring him he'd probably get plenty from Dean. Ben had taken his car key, and he was sure he wasn't going to get it back, not now.
"No, it was Jaime and the dog playing tag in the kitchen this time," Cas answered for her, "Rachel panicked, and Claire raised her voice at her for once."
The music teacher nodded her understanding, which was also a silent support as she was well aware that men who worked with children were often viewed with suspicion.
"Actually, I heard a lot more comments on other things about you, but like Cas just said, there's kids around," Matt replied, "And I always stood up for you, even when they were right."
Claire saw the hood start to fall, and stepped back, trying to pull her hand away in time, but was too late.
Nodding, Claire set her glass down, having not been able to take a drink for fear of it coming out her nose, and Alfie was turning a strained shade of pink as he covered his mouth, trying not to laugh.
Dean ran the back of his hand across his forehead, "Okay, look, we do this, then the lift is strictly off limits until I get somebody out here from the company to look it over, explain exactly how we used it wrong, and have them tell us whether or not it's safe. Everybody got that?"
"Yeah, you'd better. If I get up to go watch him, the baby's going to wake up, then I won't get any sleep."
She was quiet until he reached the edge of the clearing, "Are you going to be able to forgive me if I can't?"
Dean glanced upward, mouthing a quick 'thank you,' and turned back to her with a nod, "Yeah, you can have your old job back. But you'll be working the main line for both locations, we'll have parts we need moved from the yard to out here, you might need to run them back and forth, and it's going to be a little more crazy than it was."
Cas shook his head, "I can sleep here. But if I can't be kind to him, she'll be upset with me. And I should know better."
"Little pebble," he gestured to the children of mixed grades standing in line, "Behold your freaking ripples."
The reality of sitting nicely in a room with his daughter's abuser as she passed suddenly weighed on Cas heavily. He could very well be hearing things Claire had found commonplace, or had simply blocked out altogether, and the room felt drained of oxygen as he bit his tongue against the cruelest of passive-aggressive comments.
"Alfie handles the kids' medical stuff unless it's an emergency," Claire replied, not looking up from her screen.
"Yeah... So, aside from money, aside from trying to cause me trouble in general, do you think he's any danger to Claire, or the kids?"
"You really think that's not gonna get weird? Your best friend's ex girlfriend is moving into your house, and both of you work with your girlfriend? There's two ways that's gonna end, man, Penthouse forum, or Jerry Springer. Maybe both."
"Yeah... Yeah, I get why she'd want to know." Dean said, turning to Claire, "But, y'know, you could have asked that any time, and I would have told you. So, looks like you're just trying to stir stuff up by doing it here."
"Ben, it has that setting for a reason. You know why, too. Some stuff on there will mess with your head, and some of it, even grown ups shouldn't be watching."
Melody twisted once more as Cas tried to keep her from landing on the porch floor, now screaming, "rrrrRRRRRAAAA!!! POP-POP DOWN!"
"O-...kay?" Margaret replied, certain they had never had a sixth bay in the garage, nor had anyone ever referred to the paint shed as a bay.
(A/N: Okay, kick my ass if you want, but this chapter has basically been done and sitting for a week because I forgot I finished it. I've been busy.
"Xander will understand. I'm sure he already does, that's why he insisted you come home early. This isn't even the first time you've nearly hit him, and he knows why it happens."
In a matter of minutes, she was looking at a negative test, and breathing a sigh of relief. Somehow she had enough wits about her, however, to consider her next course of action as she opened the door, leaning on the wall, "Hey, Ivan?"
It echoed of desperate need and simultaneous fulfillment, and every time he heard it he was certain that the next time, he would burn it into his memory. In all of his life, only Dean had ever been able to say it like that. But in all his life, Dean was the only one to ever make him even consider marriage... And now they'd equally laid claim to each other in the intent of a life long bond. That sort of love was overwhelming.
In trying to set an example for Liam to follow, Jack had greeted Kayla with a big hug, but the boy was still quiet and withdrawn as Kayla scooped him up from the floor.
Constant stress and fear having weighed on Jack since learning he'd missed not only open enrollment but nearly the first week of attendance finally caused a break, and Jack set the stack of paper down on Gabe's desk roughly, sinking back in his chair, rubbing his eyes to hide the tears, "I am busting my ass, okay? The lawyer said everything I do, I have to be better than perfect, I can't have anybody even a little bit worried, and I might be able to get away with him missing the first week as long as you guys kind of overlook it, and don't go reporting it to anybody, I'm just... I've been doing everything else right. I fixed the leaky tank on the toilet, I bolted his dresser to the wall, I keep all the knobs for the stove in a bowl on the back of the counter... Every time I think I'm okay, there's always some new thing I have to worry about. I mean, I have to hit the store twice a week now, I can't let the fridge get low before I shop, just in case I get somebody knocking on the door, right? And he knows I'm trying to keep him, but I never put it to him like I'm trying to take him away from Kayla."
Julie waited as Ivan put the grate back on the furnace, slipping her hand across the back of his shoulders as he moved, secretly contemplating how much time she had before Cyndi woke up. The moment he let go of the furnace, she pulled him close, kissing him softly.
Ivan pushed the plate in front of her, pressing a raisin into the peanut butter, but she insisted she was going to do it herself, and removed it as his phone chimed. He watched as she started taking the raisins on the side of the plate and putting them on the celery one at a time, very clumsy and deliberate as she moved, and picked up his phone, opening the link.
Dean leaned in, reaching past her, and unfastened Castiel's belt and pants before she could get there, before dropping his hand to her thigh, running up it slowly, curling his fingers just to the inside of her thigh as she reached into Castiel's pants. Whatever she was doing was certainly working for him. Dean just hoped it wasn't working too well.
Traipsing off the bus, making long strides for the house in the distance, as Mike passed the shop he noted the open door, only to stop his mother leaning out of it and waving him nearer. He tugged an earbud from one ear, which had been connected to an old Walkman Dean had dug up from the depths of storage along with a few cassette tapes, and let the cord dangle as he adjusted his vector.
"Okay, then, how about you get topless and I'll give you a nice back rub and try to get you noisy while you're on the phone?" Kevin asked with a sly grin.
Alfie shrugged, "More of a relative, actually. But at least he doesn't actually want anything from me, like Naomi does. Just kind of shows up sometimes."
Unhappily, as he was certain that failure to follow Claire's instructions would cause further strife, he grumbled, "Probably."
Claire gave him an odd glare that few could recognize from her more serious options, and he started to chuckle, "I'm serious, I've worn it, but I didn't get it planning to keep it. You like red, and this one works for you."
"Claire?" it almost didn't register as real, muffled from the next room, from a similarly deep voice, and it took her a moment to place it as Xander's voice rather than her late father.
(A/N: Hope everyone is coping better with the global shut-down and pandemic better than me. I'm hitting Twitter occasionally so y'all know I haven't died. Mostly just losing my mind.
"Cas...?" Alfie tried to object, but the name foundered as he spoke it, startled by the implication.
"When you two got together, or, I guess, back together, after she moved out, you said something while she was on the phone with her mother, and I-"
"Well, forgive me for not throwing a bucket of water over your head, Claire, but I wanted to get this done with Cas there, because he also didn't want Melody dragged into it, and he's got to be at the school in an hour, and I didn't want to let this wait and wind up with it swept under the rug."
"Yeah, a bit," he confirmed, sliding his hand into hers, the back toward her palm. Without missing a beat, without any hesitation, she raised his hand to the side of her neck, a delicate grip on his wrist as he kissed her softly. Anticipating his next movement to be similar, she fumbled for his other wrist, and brought it to the back of her waist, sliding it beneath the hem of her shirt and with a tug at the elbow, encouraged him further.
"To protect my wife and my son. Yeah. And looking back, it was the right thing to do. Now, maybe you're not a racist piece of shit like he was, but how do you think she feels, carrying a baby you're pissed off about, while being an asshole to a good man who takes care of her? Somebody she loves?" Dean asked, "Don't you think she just wants to be happy?"
"Right," Mike replied, straightening his shirt, "And if you didn't totally misread shit, I'd even be glad you're out here keeping an eye on everybody, but-"
"Of course," Castiel replied, letting one knee drop to the ground as he leaned over Dean's still reclined frame and planted a firm, slightly damp kiss before pulling away, "Will that be enough?"
"I don't want that either. And I think with some careful planning, even if she did show up, you'd be safe."
"How'd it go?" Kevin asked as Alfie passed the seat over the back of the couch to him, "Lots of closing? Earn your coffee? Or did you demote somebody?"
"You made your point," Chaz grumbled lowly, "Get him outta here, stay the fuck away from me, I'll stay the fuck away from you."
"How can you sit there and tell me there's a chance, however small, that my daughter could go to sleep, have her baby kick the placenta a little too hard, and bleed to death before she ever wakes up, and-"
Over the tile, newsprint had been layed out, and on top, in many pieces, was the gun he'd taken from Claire's room, along with several small wire brushes, solvent, cotton patches and gun oil.
A chuckle burst from his lips, "It's cool. Or, it will be. I think Samandriel and Claire are going to be at her dad's house, though."
Alfie's blood ran cold. He'd heard it once or twice, between sobs in the middle of the night, and only once in one horrible conversation the following morning. "Should it?"
Cas looked down over the oxygen tube to where Meg's gloved hands were very carefully removing a piece of jewelry from his chest.
Behind the front desk, Dean was laboriously putting orders into the computer one at a time, while triple-checking the part numbers. It had been ten minutes since he'd clocked in, but Cas' suggestion of another day or two in bed was looking better every minute.
"Whatever. Just, don't let him down. I can pick up a toy he wants and mark it from you, I was going to do that anyway."
"Sometimes I think you and Ben would have been far better off if she'd lived, and I certainly don't begrudge you your memories. But the vows you made to her have no bearing on our marriage. It doesn't cause me any pain. I'm just trying to understand why something far more trivial would have you reacting like this... You're avoiding me as if I've done something wrong, when we both agreed we didn't want to share too much about past relationships, and you're well aware that I've done far more than fake a marriage."
"Certainly getting heavier. That's going to slow down soon... They have him sleep on his back, right?"
"But do you listen? How bad did it have to get in his head for him to slap Claire in the face? Or were you too busy sneaking over here and leaving him to fend for himself?"
"Nope. I'm gonna cut through the ranch. It'll give me some time to think. You wanted me to do that anyway, right?" Ben asked with a fair amount of snark.
Cas shook his head, giving her another squeeze before heading for his room. He paused when he reached her door, briefly noticing the poster before quickly looking away from it, "Very talented... Is that being shown at this thing in Houston?"
"Oh, I'm sure he didn't mind telling his friends about it later, boys are pigs." Julie's mother chuckled. At Dean's unamused stare, she pretended to correct herself, "Well, they grow out of it, of course. But, I mean, Julie is fine, he's fine, so I'm not even mad."
Kevin nodded, looking back to Margaret as the contraction passed, "Okay, so you're sure you don't want to take the placenta home and plant a tree with it?"
"Xander wasn't back on the team this morning. I had to take his gear down there as soon as I heard. And anyway, you're one of the kids in this situation, it's not our job to run everything by you." Dean replied, getting Ben to stand elsewhere as he ducked into the fridge for another ingredient.
"So, what do you think, can I just take it apart and fish out the trash to get him out of your hair?"
Claire nodded, "Well, we may not look it, but we are swamped, and if you'd like to come back tomorrow, we can hold a spot for you, or if you want to have a friend come pick you up, I can make sure your car is ready tonight and you can pick it up as soon as we open tomorrow."
"And even then you were too big for your britches, Uriel. There is always a bully. You had one, and you were one, and I'm sure there have been many throughout your life. But what are you going to do about this one?"
Dean set his beer down and pointed at Claire, "That is enough, young lady. You know damn well where I keep the shovels. I expect you to handle that right after dinner."
"I will," a young, mildly masculine voice came back, though all she could see was the back of a thick hoodie and dark jeans, "As soon as I think that I should."
"Maybe this would be easier if we get your mother on the phone?" Ben's fists clenched. "I'm sure she'd be very disappointed... what do you think she would say?"
"Uh, I don't know. Alfie's acting really weird. Usually he's happy to see me, but if he were capable of it, I'd think he was avoiding me... And Margaret said you were yelling at him."
"Well, that's better than kind of." Crowley gestured to the picture, "But do yourself a favor, and her, too... Date her because you like her, not because you're lonely. She should be fixing cars, not fixing you. It would be an unfair expectation, and only hurt you more in the long run when it turns out she's no miracle cure."
Alfie felt a bit odd at first, tailing his mother in law like some sort of spy game, but a quick reminder to himself of how deeply scarred Claire had been erased any amusement from his mind. She had been just as much to blame as Bartlett, maybe...
Dean shifted slightly, rolling onto his back, "Found a receipt while I was doing laundry... You sent somebody some flowers, just trying to figure out who."
Inside, while Melody was quietly singing to James, her lips an inch or less from his forehead, mostly made up lyrics about bad words, Xander smirked, "Can't imagine where she gets it."
Melody, who'd stuck the upper half of her small body through a ladder she'd been climbing, loudly argued regarding her promised chicken nuggets, but Cas assured Mike it would be soon, and just as quickly, he was gone again, knocking the reclosed bottle off the bench as he went, and Cas reached to pick it up. Gabe watched him go with a smirk, "Remind me, how's that one related to you?"
"All right, I hear you, but that's not going to work on each kid." Gabe said clearly. "And my understanding is that one of these kids was getting picked on for months, and not a damn one of you would do anything about it until Mrs Hamish decided to start handing out suppositories by way of DSW. So... Short answer, yes. We do have to update our bullying policy. The long answer, we need to make sure it's applied fairly."
Dean instantly thought of Claire's insistence at continuing to work in the shop as regularly as possible, despite the toll school took on her, and how she'd confided in him a year before that she was only going to school to be better capable of running her own shop, or she would've dropped out. Unfortunately, it made him smirk, further vexing the woman.
Kevin shrugged, "Well, if you want me to get completely honest, I'd rather be putting the moves on you."
"C'mon, man, whatever it is, I'll listen. You know that. Lay it on me," Sam pleaded, "Was this about Dad? Did we stir something up? Or about the boys, just now?"
"Hey," Dean said softly, coming closer to the chair. With no response, or even motion from Cas, Dean took his hand, giving it a tug. The tug became firmer, more insistent as it was obvious Dean wanted him out of the chair... Cas wasn't about to cooperate, whatever Dean's goal was.
"You?" Dean asked, "What's wrong with you? You look like you're okay... No, actually, you look like you're losing weight."
At the sound of a rattle and a sob, Ben's eyes popped open, and when a small slamming sound echoed from across the hall, he was sure he hadn't imagined it.
"She could be, if she'd put any effort into spending any kind of time with me... I sound selfish, saying that. I told her yesterday that maybe I wasn't being selfish enough."
"They're fine. Claire can grumble all over the place, and Ben can get weird about climbing things, and they're around us, and we've got this... They don't even see it yet, but they're already looking out for each other, this isn't gonna be a big deal."
"I don't want to talk about it, or how you've got another kid coming that you can ignore, okay? I'm just hoping right now that it's the hormones."
"You're right. We'd have a lot less calls for babysitting duty if we put them in a kennel with an automatic feeder full of fruit loops," she answered.
Claire looked irritated for a moment, but it quickly changed to curious, "Okay, let's go... You're going to show me how."
"For less time than you spent at the shop today, and, not to be an ass about it, but it's kind of a big deal."
He went silent as Claire bolted from her chair, throwing the door open and tearing down the back steps to the sound of Jaime screaming, and hurried to follow. He had no memory of coming down the steps, but upon reaching the two, Jaime was on the ground with one arm at a very strange angle, and Claire was repeatedly telling him to keep still as she tried to hold him in one place, all while Jaime refused between sounds of panic and pain.
Melody was sprawled in an armchair with Lauren curled up in a partial hug, flipping channels on the television, while at the kitchen table, Rachel seemed entirely too pleased to help Jaime with his homework.
Alfie shook his head, "You said, and I remember this very clearly, because it was the first time I saw her, 'go ask her if she wants to watch you suck my dick, and see what she says.' I said no, because I'm not gonna write a check my ass won't cash."
"You stole my copy because you secretly like the band?" Cas asked, "Claire, that's ridiculous... And it's not exactly stealing to borrow a CD from me, intending to put it back, but you shouldn't be embarrassed about having taste."
As each of them were still catching their breath, wrapped in each others' arms, Margaret squirmed against him with a pant, "The wall's cold... was good a minute ago, now, not so much."
"The jack is broken. And even with broken equipment and an injury slowing me down, I probably saved her life. If you want to fire me, that's fine, but it's your job as an employer to make sure the tools are functional."
Julie's face held steady in the screen for a brief second before she was mobbed by two rambunctious little girls, and the regular shaking began. It didn't make him feel dizzy anymore, he'd become so used to it. He didn't even realize he'd been smiling until Julie smiled at him, "There's Daddy, say hi, girls."
"Hello?... Hope it's okay if we're in here. Just waiting on somebody." Ben called, ducking his head inside.
"Define 'okay?' I mean, how's the guy supposed to take it? And this effects Mike, it gets him out of here with no warning, shaking him up again before he gets home, almost no planning for it, and I know Xander had some snappy come-backs, but you can't tell me that's not hard to hear when assholes start talking."
Middle of GISHWEEK! OMG! I luged. There was lube involved. Whatever, I got naked for an item last year, so, not much left to embarrass me with.
"Heeeey, Aunt Gnomey. How is, uh, I don't know, all of those people you introduced us to?... No, I'm not his Norwegian supermodel coma girlfriend. But Dean's here, you want to talk to Dean?"
"I'll tell her in the morning, I'll tell her exactly what you told me, and you're worried about rumors. Small town, I understand," Kevin answered, turning off the last light on in the kitchen and starting for the living room.
Lucas and Blake had arrived at roughly the same time, and were discussing a football game as they'd clocked in and got to work, mostly ignoring Dean's uncomfortable, if resigned presence in the desk chair. They'd quickly shuffled off to the garage afterward, going about their work, one ready to complete an unfinished repair, and the other to do inventory.
"Yeah, basically." Margaret replied, still searching the fridge, "God, there's like, nothing in here."
"Thank you for telling me that." Cas said with a nod, "Though you might need to remind me tomorrow."
Cas adjusted to get his arms all the way around Dean, and held him tightly, "I'm here. I'm not going anywhere."
It was not responsibility that drove him to see to the boy left behind, but some part of his soul that screamed at him from within that he could not possibly take any more loss. Especially the loss of a child he'd once held in his arms, tiny, and helpless.
Alfie jolted awake at the sound of a soft knock at the front door, and quickly remembered he'd decided to sleep on the living room sofa rather than risk waking Claire only to gauge whether or not he was welcome in the bedroom. Cocoa had taken what she must have found to be a comfortable position on his lower legs, slowing his progress to the door, and his now open eyes were greeted with the messy sight of Jaime sitting on the coffee table, and Melody, beside it, applying large streaks of sparkling purple nail polish to his toes, and without fail, the table top.
Dean turned in his seat, "Oh, uh, a few times a week, when she can. She's really strict about her schoolwork. Sometimes she gets swamped and we don't see her for a couple of weeks. Not sure that goes the same for Ben, though."
Even with specialized employees, however, he was alone, thousands of miles from home, shut in a building with a large handful of people skittering around afraid to piss him off, and some asshole in an office ready to rip into them if he so much as sneezed.
"You painted yourself as a go-fer rather than Melody's father, and built upon that misconception when you could easily have-"
The day after the funeral, avoiding her own bedroom as her small sister was napping, Melody sat on the stairs, in no mood to do anything, even if there had been anything available to do. She faced the back of the sofa where her parents sat, a large laundry basket between them, in a rhythm she'd known since before she could remember as what seemed to be piles of clean clothing became sorted, folded stacks on the coffee table. It was a chore they both hated, only made easier with each other's company.
"She keeps taking mine, though. She got some from Mom's closet, and she got milk on them, I had to clean them up and sneak them back in there. She takes Jaime's, sometimes, and leaves them all over the house. Dad thought it was Cocoa doing it."
The boy didn't meet her eyes, but his movements seemed to make the attempt to minimize the situation, as though he was backtracking, and his imagination must have run away with him.
Claire risked a mild stretch to put her left elbow on the edge, letting her fingers dangle into the hot water, watching as a light breeze slowly moved a leaf across the surface of the adjacent pool.
"That's why? Right?... You said you were done, but you only completely fucking destroyed me to keep me from asking you when I found out... Right?"
Like clockwork, Dean heard it again through the back wall of his office, and got up, quietly checking the hallway as he moved to the front office, waiting between the bathroom door and the front desk.
"He lost his husband, not his mind. And he doesn't look so good right now because he was drinking with my mom, and she can do that all day. So if he wants a break from the circus over at my place, that's up to him," Alfie answered.
Kevin wanted to argue the point, but the beaten look in her eyes shut him down hard, "None of my business now, I guess."
"Nonsense," Cas cut him off, "If Cora had any issue with you, how you are, as you exist naturally, I'm sure she'd have said something by now. She's very direct, she wouldn't keep that from you. You are not a difficult person to care about, Xander."
"None of my business," Cas muttered rather clearly as he continued to focus on his phone, "Although if anyone were to ask my opinion, which I'd strongly suggest they didn't, if Melody is any indication, the two of you do make very good parents... and I have seen plenty who weren't fit to raise pigs."
"No, I have to go... I have a meeting... I'm meeting with HR, because the manager at work is sexually harassing me... No, I will not be serious... 'K, bye," Alfie ended the call, putting the phone in the helmet and quickly setting them on the coffee table as he rounded the end of the couch, and climbed onto Claire's lap, straddling her legs. His breathing made obvious what the thick fabric of his jeans somehow managed to hide, "Okay, I'm all yours, and I'm guessing you're only doing this because we have time?"
Cas was brought even closer by the sounds Dean made, and released on a final, hard thrust, deep inside Dean's still trembling body.
"I can't believe you got her to eat a vegetable." Julie answered with wonder as Cyndi picked up a few soft shreds of chicken with her hand.
"Bobby would say that. But if you said it to him, you'd never hear the end of it." Dean replied, "You keep it light, you can get a few things done in the garage today, I'm gonna put Alfie on this when he gets in, but we need an idea before he can start the primer."
"If anything goes wrong with this stuff, it's your fault. I won't be held accountable for breaking Claire's ancient hooker jewelry. Your name can go in the book as the one who screwed it up," she said, fastening the necklace and moving to stand under the short piece of rope, facing the table where Alfie had set up a tripod.
"I'm not sure yet, I have some nicer stuff in the back of my closet, but I don't remember what all's in there. I have to dig it out." Claire said quietly.
"It just seems like I spent so long wishing she was around, asking her to come home, I finally get it, what am I supposed to say to her?"
"Well, if we put all the work into it, and it turns out good, I mean, you helped Dad out with a couple of songs during Helix, so..."
Dean shook his head, "I just... I don't know where he gets it. Not from me, or from Lisa... Sam, maybe."
Cas' face fell, "That boy, the one with the truck. The one that tried to kill her, and died. Will... He came to the house, he was very rude, and he... I don't remember what he said, but it was about her... I said I was going to replace his intestines with a garden hose."
"I'm gonna give you a chance to ask a favor, okay? See if we can settle this. A show of good faith, and maybe smooth things out between you and 'Alfie.' There can't be much you want, not when he's got the chance to give you anything, and I know you're the type to turn down mansions and jewels for a two-bed-two-bath ramshackle and a metric set of sockets... But I can make stuff happen. And if you want, say, the instigator in this big, complicated mess to go out the same way, I can find out who he hired and have it done."
"I'm not asking you to abandon her." Cas said reassuringly, "You may be right, you may be able to do this for her, and you're a good friend to try, but consider the toll it could have on you, be clear with her about your limitations, and know when to stop, or take a break, and have a backup plan."
"Did you ever um... Y'know, get a diagnosis on that thing we talked about?" Alfie asked gently, leaning on the doorframe.
With a cautionary glance at his grimy hands, Xander tried to help her to her feet, only to end up lifting her altogether as Sam ran through the small parking lot to catch up with the car.
He wondered for a moment how Julie was doing, hearing her husband's name being dragged through the mud, only to be partially, and half-heartedly redeemed later. He wondered if he'd have time to go to the diner at lunch, or if she was even working today. The place had done well since she'd become the regular daytime manager.
Kevin looked away, his voice taking on a growl, "Yeah, well if he wasn't trying to kill her, he'd be fine."
She pictured in her mind's eye what Alfie's reaction might have been had it been Margaret rather than Kevin who'd been placed in such a predicament, and thought carefully, choosing her words to avoid sounding as though she was seeking conflict, "I don't think you would have done anything where you felt like you needed to wake me up and apologize, though, if it had been anyone else. And the history you two have, just-"
"And he'll bring Cocoa, and Cocoa will bring a slobbery chew toy, and then everything goes to hell. Yeah."
Ben heard it when the door creaked open, but it wasn't unusual. After one particularly bad night a few years ago, a night filled with shed tears, blood, bandages, and promises to keep the thin line on Xander's wrist a secret from their parents, he would never even remotely suggest Xander wasn't welcome.
"The back of your shirt is soaked. People don't generally loose that much blood, not even with kinky knife shit. Trust me, you're not gonna surprise me, I've heard it all, and done plenty myself. But if she did this on purpose, that's crossing the line, putting you at risk, and getting laid isn't worth the risk of dying. So what happened? Cutting? Flogging? What?"
"We were already paying you! This wasn't just so she'd have a place to live, and I know it was going into your QVC habit, but we were trying to help you out too, and all you did was treat her like-"
"Mel, hey-... If I was the kind of person who hit people for real, and if you had been exposed to that kind of violence, trust me, that little slap on the arm would seem like nothing to you. And because it's a big deal to you, that just proves that nobody around here is actually trying to hurt each other."
"Balls deep? Nice," Kevin chuckled, "No, I think maybe you did tell me that. You said she was all snuggled into your shoulder because she was embarrassed, and he thought she was falling asleep on you again."
Reaching the doorway, he stopped to find her rearranging the pillows, the cushions, and the lightweight blanket that was mostly for show and occasionally for naps which graced the foot of the bed. She waved him closer, taking the third cushion from him and adding it to the awkward structure he only now recognized as a haphazard attempt at a small pillow fort, and settled herself to lay down with her head inside of it, ready to add the blanket over the top and effectively closer herself in from the waist up, "C'mon. Get in with me."
As soon as his flesh was clear of Cas' teeth, Dean pulled their hands toward him, begging, "Please? ...God, Cas, I need it!"
Margaret stroked her hair back from her face, fighting back tears of anger and frustration, "You called my work for me, the same place that pays you loads more than me for doing practically nothing, and got me put on leave. I'm surprised you don't just take the gun away from me, pat me on the head and give me a damn lobotomy, and start talking about taking away my right to vote. Yellow wallpaper my ass-"
"My cousin's at the shop. I need dice for this game," Melody explained, "You're up for that, right?"
"Hey, c'mon, I'm not meaning you have to change. Working in a damn beauty parlor isn't ruining his life. I'm just saying, if there's something missing there, and I mean, think about Lucas, right? Margaret could take him, and he's still more butch than you... Just, it takes a village, right?"
Alfie nodded, and turned past Cas' shoulder to address Will's group. He leaned in, stroking the back of Cas' shoulder, and in an effeminate voice, lisped, "I know, isn't he dreamy?"
"How's your husband?" Amelia asked, breaking the silence. He'd thought she'd been about to fall asleep.
"How do I know this isn't just going to make things worse? I'm not even sure how I feel about you yet."
"Well, you could be taking the opportunity to spend some time with your brother, or any of our children, or possibly just taking in a movie. You aren't exactly housebound."
Cas moved to free his wrists from the headboard, not expecting to hear Dean object, "I didn't say stop."
"I don't expect you to get it, not at the same degree," Kevin muttered, nearly to himself as he slowly became more agitated and began to pace, "I don't think most women would. Not to be an ass, but you get told all your life, pretty much, watch out for the big scary guy, never go anywhere alone, put your keys between your fingers... Nobody talks about rape prevention for men, it doesn't happen... or worse, it's a fucking punchline."
Claire scooted closer, resting her chin on her hand, feeling the worry in his voice, "What happened, exactly?"
Continuing to tinker with the metal box, Dean sat back as the box suddenly eased open in his hands. The squeak of the hinge drew Margaret's attention, and Dean withdrew several photographs from the top of the stack within.
"He'd probably come straight here, if he came back at all, so I'm not concerned... Well, more concerned about the boys, I'll warn them when they get home from school."
Claire shifted slightly as he pulled the blankets away, "More like, how much better am I doing, if Sam picking me up off the floor yesterday didn't freak me out? I mean, I didn't try to hit him, and I didn't chase after him, and he came in here today and, well, you know how he's always touching people, shoulders, pat on the back, or whatever, like, all the time?"
"There was something else... Cas, you still don't have a formal arrangement for Claire's custody, do you?"
Dean looked through the top layer of toys in one of the boxes Ben had brought down, and heard him coming down the stairs with an arm load of clothes still on the hangers.
"Hm... I guess you really wouldn't be worried about him, then, you were pretty protective once you finally got some younger siblings."
Alfie nodded, "He's good. She really needed a trim, though, and it's not like Margaret didn't tell him already."
Claire leaned forward with her elbows on the desk, a smirk beginning to play at the corner of her mouth, "Go rotate the tires in bay two, and then you're going to detail my car, and we'll pretend this never happened."
Ben shot Lucas a look that confirmed for Lucas that the words had in fact left his mouth unintended.
Slowly, and very groggy, also sore, from the looks of his movements, Cas sat up. Xander felt something was amiss, but as he sat down in the armchair, he placed it. He'd seen Dean with a full beard on occasion, but Cas had always, even in his retirement, at least kept his whiskers down to a close trim, and he was easily past it.
It also gave him reason to make a decent breakfast, even if his appetite was gone, and he only managed half of what he usually ate.
Dean chuckled, "You weren't... You know what I like, that's a hell of a lot better than something new, and way too inexperienced."
"Hey, fuck off, man," Kevin said loudly, "She could be screwing the whole town, still none of your business."
"It was sleep paralysis, she came out of it. Cas is sitting with her in case she goes back into it, but, basically she's fine."
Alfie gave a dismissive shrug, "You will. He's making you an initial offer of one-hundred-fifty percent the current market value on your house and he'll double your severance package from work on the stipulation that you are going move in the next sixty days and establish you primary residence a minimum of one hundred miles away from this county or province. Man, this, this is him being extra nice. I'd take it."
Dean had offered to bring her lunch at the hospital, but she and her overtly businesslike mannerisms had taken over, and he was shuffled away. He'd tried, on his walk to his car, to reassure himself that he'd done his part, that Alfie's family needed to step in and take care of him now, but a nagging feeling continued as he started the engine.
"Because I can't live like that, waiting, and wondering when you're going to leave me. Something gets hard to deal with, or somebody else seems like a good idea, and you're gone. And then you're back, and then you're gone again... So I'm out. You be you, but I'm gonna be waiting on somebody stable."
"But the three of you are in agreement. And I know very little about how this franchise ordeal would work," Cas replied.
Rachel paced slightly, "I am not ridiculous, the house is barely safe for a baby, and your wife had her out in the garage when we got here. She's an idiot. A mannish idiot, who can't care for a little girl properly."
Melody had been quiet after Mike was dropped off, giving non-answers to the few questions Cas had asked. She was not as sullen a child as her mother had been, but she had less reason to be.
Melody took a stance she likely wasn't aware of which closely mimicked both Claire and Dean when angered, and raised an aggressive finger to the other boy's face, "You don't push people,
A short walk later, it was no surprise to him when he quietly opened the front door and his suspicions were confirmed at the sight of Claire at the kitchen table with several stacks of paper and an open laptop.
"I should have taken him up on the threat. This is taking too long. Chuck my body into the woods and give the money to a good charity... Probably hurt less, too," she mused.
"And you have an important meeting with the baby? I mean, I heard it's really gross when they come out, and you might get it all over your jacket-"
Making their way outside, the three of them piled into the Impala. Claire slumped tiredly in the back seat.
Dean shut the shed tight against the rain, spotted Cas locking the office door again, and made his way over, avoiding a few of the larger mud puddles.
Taking a moment to consider the new information, Alfie shook his head, "Frosting on the asshole cake, sounds like. You sure you don't want to press charges?"
"Claire got hurt, but not in a big way. He took her to get her dad and get some x-rays just to be safe." Alfie answered as the door swung open and Kevin stepped inside.
"Okay," she heard Cynthia take a deep breath to calm herself, "I snuck out, right? And I went to a party with this guy, but it's in Bridgeway, and there's some assholes here, and he doesn't want to leave, but he drove, so I'm stuck."
"Of course they know I'm a guy." Kevin replied, dropping over the back of the couch, landing on his back, upside-down next to them.
"That's not the Claire I know. My daughter, she wouldn't take any of this bullshit, not for a minute. She'd do what it took to put that bitch in her place. Or did you forget landing your ass in jail, twisting my arm to get company policies changed, and firing Kip without checking with me first?" Dean continued.
"It's probably better not to risk it," Cas answered, quickly shedding his jacket to wrap it around her shoulders and lifted her from the floor.
"I understand. I'd feel a lot better if you'd give them a call, though, Julie sounded pretty freaked out, whatever it is," he motioned to the phone on the desk.
Sam shook his head, "No. But I've had special training in keeping my mouth shut, so it's not like I'd tell the kids... I have an idea, though, they're kind of keeping you grounded."
"You are, I'm more in the thick of it... And I got a call today, from the state. My dad's getting out in three months." Margaret pressed her forehead to Kevin's chest and let her eyes close.
"The shirts were gone. I had to throw them out from the stains the white-out caused," Cas answered irately, "How is it you can get blood and cum out of anything, and still be so inept at doing laundry?"
Dean shook away a thought, wondering what it felt like. Good, if the sounds coming from her mouth were any indication. He took her clit between his lips, rasping his tongue over it quickly before moving it thickly over every inch of her he could manage.
Dean nodded, getting up from the ground, "Right, well, both of those might have caused it. Doesn't much matter now, the engine is toast. You want a new engine, or new car?"
"Yeah, well, she's a bitch, so, not somebody who I'd want to spend time with... Not someone who'd want to spend time with me, either."
Closing the door, she headed inside, meeting a friend near the entrance of the school, happily discussing plans for the coming weekend. Passing people in the busy hallways, she seemed to be catching more quick looks than usual, but nothing entirely out of the ordinary.
Melody entered the room slowly, dragging her feet with a disheartened expression and held the phone out to Claire.
"Good," he answered firmly, "Because you shouldn't, and I shouldn't give you any reason to question that, either. But I can see how I did give you a reason, and-"
This chapter does not cover the Major Character Death this story is flagged for. That will be much nearer the ending. Also, as I seem to be worrying some folks concerning the MCD, even though it is far in the future, if you're worried it's going to cause you serious issues, feel free to contact me privately, so I can pass you a subdued spoiler so you can decide for yourself if you should continue. @FythyrWisp on Twitter, and tumblr, though I rarely check my tumblr.
Claire shoved her hair back over her shoulder, "Okay, yeah... It's a little weird, but life is weird. And kids are absolutely going to give you shit over this, especially when you get to middle school, but that just makes them the asshole, it doesn't mean anything about you. Just roll with it, and stick with the friends who don't do that, okay?"
Dean didn't think Cas looked convinced. "There's a thermometer..." he said, pointing, "right there. She was at 96.1 when she came down."
Ben didn't answer, but he knew as soon as he looked up that any response, even eye contact, was a mistake.
"Yeah, I remember. One car family, baby and a preschooler?" Dean asked, glancing past the man as the door opened and Cas stepped inside, waiting patiently.
"Not for this," Cas said as Ben pulled away and went for the tissue box on Cas' desk, "Jack is, unfortunately, going to be getting a call home. His reaction was warranted, but not his language, and once Ben composes himself, he'll be going back to class. Who do we have who can cover for Mrs. Durst?"
The car went quiet for a short time as the miles passed, and Cynthia broke the silence once more, "It might make a good hidden track. Easter egg, kind of thing."
Claire snorted. "Go on, dad, tell him how I busted up your face so bad the office lady thought you'd been in a car accident, and then I nearly killed you with a crow bar because I thought you were going to let Dean hurt me."
"But I sure as hell wouldn't tell her she could never play again, either. I wouldn't stick her in a wheelchair and say 'that's it, honey, don't even try, you're ruined.' But this is no broken leg, and you know it."
"Yeah, well, I'm in, I'll help you fight it. Maybe I can get Kevin to fake me some bangs so you have a chance to bring that up." Claire said, picking up her glass.
"Did you tell my son his mother would be disappointed in him?" Dean asked harshly, cutting him off. "You know what? Some people just shouldn't be around children!"
As she toddled off to play with the dog or some toy, a flash of movement caught his eye in the window, and the door opened quietly as Alfie returned, stowing his keys in his pocket. Lauren hurried over to him and was immediately scooped up from the floor, the hairbrush still in her small hand, "Okay, Jaime's in class, but they'll send him to the office if he gets to be too much. Claire's going to check on him while his grade's at lunch, and other than that, looks like my mom will be over around dinner," Alfie informed him quietly as Lauren made several sweeping attempts at Alfie's head with the hairbrush, for the most part only succeeding in tapping her father in the head above his ear as he continued to speak, "I thought I should check in with you, though, since we're a three-adult household now, and, um-"
"One of? ...Oh. Right. Well, yes, of course, family is family, just as long as you're sure you're okay to drive." Dr Parker said, wiping the table quickly, "You know, I know a few families like that who also, uh, 'keep the faith,' if praying would be okay?"
"It's okay, babe," Kevin spoke quietly in her ear, "You're awesome, he'll be out soon, and this part will be over."
"Do you hear how childish you sound?... 'No take-backsies?' I made a fucking mistake!" Margaret said loudly.
Alfie nodded and stepped aside, passing Dean the rest of the drawings as Julie came closer, but Dean only leaned on the door frame, and shook his head, "I don't know how much I can tell you, right now."
Margaret shrugged, quickly meeting him at the door, "I guess there's worse things somebody could call me than miraculous."
Uncertain he was actually awake, Alfie set his head against the edge of the door as Lauren slipped past his knee, "What...?"
"It's middle school, Ben, crushes will come and go, but if you harass her, not only will you ruin your chances with her, you'll be setting up a behavior pattern for yourself that will take years to correct, possibly ruining things with people further down the line as well."
It was, however, unusual that he'd hear an older vehicle - not Claire's, which he would have recognized in a heartbeat - on the gravel road this close to home. Something was wrong, clearly, and he reached full wakefulness a bit too quickly. Jaime had been curled in the crook of his arm as best the growing boy would fit, one thumb in his mouth as he watched glassy-eyed whatever brightly colored, squeaky voiced monstrosity Melody had turned on for herself, and was unhappy when his bare feet suddenly hit the floor as Alfie moved, displacing him. Half tripping over his small child, Alfie soon righted himself as Jaime took over the place where Alfie had been dozing, his warmth still in the cushions, and turned his pacified face back to the television.
"That's your neighbor, 'Sandman,' who has a bike, and makes, god, what did you say, 'beautiful computer generated art that will melt your brain with it's beautifulness?'"
"Yeah, okay, but better to have a friendly dog than one that'll turn on you." Ben replied, looking for an option to boost his reputation, "Anyway, Smoke-crack helped me train her, and he said at first that maybe I should train her with German words, like they do with police dogs, but my dad said he needed to know the commands, and wouldn't remember them."
"Are you bi?" Claire asked abruptly, turning to look at him, though she couldn't make out the details of his face in the dark.
"Yeah," Ben replied, his tone harsh, "I finally got it through my head, you're too socially repressed to know how to break up with somebody, so I'm ending it for you. You're welcome."
"You're not him... Neither is Dean... Ben is a great kid, nobody's hurting him, and sure, this is stressful, but you didn't go off on him." Jess stepped closer and started rubbing his arm, "And what about when we were watching Caleb, and he wouldn't say anything but 'no' for two hours, so you started questioning him? It was cute, and funny, and he was laughing the whole time, he was having fun... If we have kids, you'll be a good father, and if not, you can still be a good uncle... I'm not worried."
"You know she doesn't want to be relying on you for everything. There's a bunch of empty space here, it's not like it's a big deal." Alfie replied.
Cas barely looked up from his phone when the front door opened slowly after a brief tapping, and Lucas let himself in.
"I forced myself, if that's what you mean. I don't remember most of what happened, but Charlie stayed with me and made sure they gave me the right pill." Claire replied, her voice flat.
Ben looked down at the screen as he wrestled with his conscious, before pressing the button to make the call.
Despite being dwarfed by Dean's height and wide shoulders, she had a commanding air about her, "What is this about?"
"About what?" Kevin asked, "She got dumped, not much I can do for her, nothing to get her out of. And anyway, I've given her a pep talk a few times now, not much left to say, if she keeps hearing it from me, it's never going to sink in. All I can do right now, as much as it sucks, is mind my own business."
Alfie gave a dismissive nod and a deceptively friendly smile, "Which one of you assholes tried to give my twelve year old daughter dating advice?"
"Yeah, but he's not mean to anybody, as far as I know. But I thought Kel and Danny were cool, but really they're just assfaced losers."
Xander closed the pantry door firmly, "There's nothing 'hazy' about it. No reason to pull punches, either, I'm a screw up. I came from nothing but a big pile of garbage, and I'm going to end up nothing but a big pile of garbage."
"No. Just a really good guy that treats her right. Guess she figured out what she was missing... Took her knocking Will on his ass with a billion cameras around to get him to leave her alone, but he finally got the hint."
Dean had timed his arrival carefully, roughly ten minutes late, having stopped at the gas station to pick up two six packs of relatively cheap, basic beer, a brand that tended to be preferred locally, and was at Xander and Cora's door after her father had already been seated in the living room of the small house.
"Um, you're not my girlfriend, you don't even like guys, and your boobs are on me. I mean, this would be totally hot, if you weren't both totally into someone else and had a complete lack of interest in my entire gender, and I'm a hundred percent outgunned here, because it's not fair there's a hot babe half naked on me, and if I so much as look, that makes me a douchebag because it's not a sex thing." Kevin answered, "And I'm not even sure that came out right, and I know Margaret was like, 'yeah, it's fine,' but what if later she isn't fine with it?"
"There... I didn't even consider Claire in that count." Cas replied, "I don't want to see either of them uncomfortable with this, but I have nothing to compare it to, no frame of reference. I don't know how we should be interacting with each other's children, or how much contact they should have this early, and I'm very unclear on-"
"You know," Alfie led in gently, trying to avoid the subject further, "When we do this, you have to stay out of sight. If Ivan spots you, he'll know it's me."
"I didn't- Okay, look, this was important, and it was legal, and he wasn't answering, so I- I went over there, but I forgot he was out with my dad tonight, so I couldn't ask, so I left him a note, and that was after I left him a voicemail, but it wasn't going to damage the machine, and I was going to-"
Xander looked between them, "We should do this more often. We all work close to the diner, we should do this once a month, at least."
Ben was last to get on the bus leaving the school. The only seat left was directly across the aisle from where Jack sat with his backpack in his lap.
Claire chuckled, able to picture Dean's reaction almost to the letter, "Um... how about, 'I just like you as a friend?'"
A quiet knock sounded at the door and Claire went for it, letting Linda and Alfie in, "Hey... Not much happening right now."
"Why do you think..." he paused, considering the wording of his question, his intent being not to lead her in any way, but to receive genuine insight, "...that you would grow up to be like any of those three in there?"
He walked out of the open, empty second bay, and made his way to where Dean was standing with a couple of people from the construction company, turning around to look at the ground being scraped away.
It had taken him days to sort out the timing, but he soon figured out that if he waited an extra ten minutes, he could match Aubrey's walk from the school.
Cas cast a sidelong glance at Jack, where Ben was still speaking to him in irritated whispers before turning his attention to the corner by the interior door where Kevin and Alfie were still observing and processing the event, "Would one of you go get him some ice?"
"Oh, cute! Dean got him a puppy..." Jess smiled and turned to Sam, "I'm gonna go say hi, maybe it'll give you guys a few minutes to catch up?"
"No," Dean replied quietly, as they sat somewhat entwined in Claire's darkened living room, waiting for her return.
Ben shrugged, "Aunt Jess helped me. Uncle Sam said there wasn't enough jokes or embarrassing stories."
The house was quiet enough that she'd thought the children were in their rooms for the night, until she heard the sounds of television coming from the guest room. Upon further investigation at the open door, Ivan was settled on the middle of the large bed with Eli on his lap, and the girls close by, a black and white horror movie playing on the large screen on the dresser across the room.
Ben, still looking a bit astonished, shrugged, "Buyer's market? Helps if you know who to talk to, I guess..."
"No. Some customer at my dad's shop. But my folks are pressing charges, so maybe I'll get some cash out of it." Xander replied.
"Okay. Yeah, if you don't mind hanging out with me, Cyndi, and the big pink stroller, then, sure. When do you go on?"
Claire had gotten within a few feet of Alfie when they both heard his question, and Claire's stomach dropped, and she stopped, a sour look washing over her face, in spite of Dean’s protective response.
Margaret pushed herself up to sit sideways on his lap and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, "I'm scared, too... But you'll figure it out, and you'll be a great dad."
Julie begrudgingly pulled a chair from the far wall, and brought it behind the desk as Claire quickly dropped into the desk chair.
Cas shrugged, "If I know what you're getting, and how often you're getting it, I can keep you close enough to those restrictions that the doctors won't mind. But that requires self control on your part. I'll help you pack your lunches for school, figure out snacks and meals, and you don't eat anything I don't know about. If you can stick with it, I'll plan out what you're not supposed to have, and when."
"Yeah, to both of them." Xander replied, "On the other hand, if I get that hat back, maybe I could get Tina and Damaris to go with me and Jack as a group, then nobody has to lose out."
"It shoots the bread and cheese and stuff out of a cannon, hits a wall, and falls on a plate... You never did that?"
Dean was still on edge as Cas slowly attempted to right his nearly boneless body, each of them still breathing hard from the effort as he sized Dean up with a careful look at his face.
Caitlin shook her head as he offered her the phone, "She'd call my aunt, and my aunt would kick me out."
Dean shook his head, "No, that part, that's important. Those kids need some love and support, like, right now. Somebody's gotta be excited for them, somebody's gotta be that village, you know? The happy part."
Cas fixed him with a stern look, "You could be fixing that woman's car instead of whining about your failures. That would be a far more practical gift than a casserole."
"So we still have to behave ourselves because there's a lady present?" he replied, "That's half the reason I left Crowley at the hotel."
"Hi there, I'm Marcus Young, you can call me Marc," the man said fast, before Alfie could speak, "You Novak?"
"I always had it in my head that she was horrible to you, for some reason," Claire said softly, "Seems like we knew two different versions of her."
"I screwed up really bad at school, and while I was in trouble, I stole my grandpa's car, drove it without a license, and kind of bumped it against a post, took out the headlight. But since Grandpa spent some time in juvie, and then in the Army, he said he could help. He said I needed a steady routine, and I had to build self-discipline," Mike replied, tired of the constant questioning, in a tone that made it seem as though the answer were obvious.
Dean sat in the quiet waiting room, a few dark smudges on his hands leftover from work, considering how deeply he hated hospitals. Alfie hadn't stopped pacing, and eventually Mike had climbed onto Dean's lap and fallen asleep. Margaret was continuously texting Kevin's aunt, and fussing about Linda driving herself, despite having driven to the hospital from the shelter.
"She leads backwards, while trying not to." Dean chuckled, "I'm gonna guess it's a personality thing. Probably helped when she was teaching Ben."
"You know that's against the rules, though," Cas replied, "You didn't ask your parents if you were big enough to walk over here by yourself yet, and you put yourself in danger."
Alfie shrugged, "I said I was going to get her a Lexus for her baby shower, and she yelled at me, okay? But that's basically my nephew, so... Yeah."
"Cas, it's not at all unreasonable for a father to expect their child's mother to do the bare minimum to care for them and keep them safe. You didn't cause this."
Cocoa followed him through the otherwise empty house to the front door, unsure what to expect when he answered it, but not at all expecting Cynthia, sniffling loudly, her face puffy, "Is Claire here?"
PTSD, apparently sometimes it's temporary, and it's not considered full-blown anymore." Claire said softly, stepping closer and shifting the safe, "Not even bolted to the wall... Didn't Kip take a couple of Bobby's rifles?"
"I'm guessing you're going through a lot of feelings of guilt right now, that can take time, let's table it for now. How about this Dean guy? A few things Claire said seemed off to me, what are your thoughts?"
"Shhh!... Okay, yeah." Kevin made several small taps and presses against her belly, rating his other hand on the small of her back, then pressed his hand against her in time to feel another flutter of movement, "Baby says hi, and don't walk to your appointment."
Walking into the oddly silent bubble, Julie looked around at all the quiet folks who's conversations had suddenly dropped. She set two sodas down in front of Ivan and Lucas and pulled straws from her apron pocket as she kept searching for a clue to the sudden stillness.
"I love you," Dean's reply was heavily muffled by Cas' hand, and despite the accompanying eye-roll, Cas responded in kind before settling next to him once more, resting against him.
Certain he'd be spotted the moment one of the waitresses left the kitchen, yet being in no particular hurry, he pulled his phone from his pocket to check whether he had any meetings that afternoon that he couldn't put off.
Claire had spent at least fifteen minutes trying to find the oxygen sensors on the van after Dean had left with the tow truck, when she gave up and crept down the dark hallway.
Looking around the front yard as he let Cas' newly implanted ideas churn in his brain, Jack mulled it over, "Pops... I get it, but... what aren't you saying? I know you're holding something back."
Mike nodded, "Well, I mean, I know you wouldn't try to kill somebody, because I know you, but something stupid happened, and, I mean, nothing actually happened, but it-..." Mike paused to take a deep breath. He was not normally a very emotional young man, but if his face was any indication, he was likely up at least half the night, if not all of it, "Aunt Claire, I swear, I wouldn't hurt anybody, and I didn't do anything, but I know it looked like I did, and this guy, he says he's going to tell everybody, and it was because Mel was there, but I was just following her because I didn't know what was going on, and thought, you know, it's dark out, I was trying to look after her-"
She pulled her iPod out of her pocket, and went to the list of the most played tracks. At the very top of the list was one that had a play count well over any other song. 'Unchained Melody - Marty Robbins.'
Jack laughed loudly, "Serious, though. If your dads call me, I'll try to cover for you, but if you want to crash, remember, I'm three blocks down. Walk, though, so you don't tear up the front yard."
Claire shook her head, "Don't need to, Amelia's never going to get me past the county line. I have a plan, but... I'm gonna need your help with something." Claire pulled a thick metal bolt out of her pocket, "Here, you better take this... Maybe give it to my dad later."
"Not all spectacles are good for your image, Samandriel. You've never dragged this many of your idiot friends along before, and quite frankly, if any of them get out of hand inside the gallery this evening, I'm washing my hands of you. You'll find someone else to manage your public appearance. I've had about enough."
"Are you thinking too hard again?" Margaret asked softly, rolling onto her stomach at his side, stretching out flat.
"This isn't the one where, who was it? The Allman Brothers...? They had a bunch of people die in a crash?"
After a brief mention to Dean and an awkward phone call to Gabe, Melody appeared at the door, tin in hand, just as Cas was leaving to collect her. The drive into town was short and quiet, as Cas pondered the familiar sounding address he'd been given, which kept him too preoccupied to attempt conversation.
Turning to see Alfie struggling back to the building, Claire spoke quietly, "Sorry... I guess I should have stopped him?"
Cas reached for another, accidentally pulling away three. "They just keep getting worse. I suppose she has her reasons for holding on to them... I would tell the school, but they won't do anything."
"Fucking convinced me there's a goddess, and I earned some kind of blessing. But we're past that," Alfie muttered, "But that's different, because after everything Claire went through, you know, sexual abuse victims, it can just come out all at once sometimes. And she was almost seventeen."
"College girls, huh?" Sam laughed, "That's good, though. That shows he's into more than just a pretty face, right?"
Dean nodded, turning back to the television, "Yeah, okay, you can go. But no trouble this time, right?"
Dean silently mouthed a swear of affirmation as his hands were rewarded with a stretch of bare flesh. His motions slow and soothing, his wondered whether Cas had volunteered as such in order to give him some amusement and allow Cas to watch the show comfortably, or if his touch was having any more of an effect than it had of late. Whatever meaning or intent was behind it, Cas seemed perfectly comfortable allowing him to continue... Which, now that he considered it, was not at all his goal.
"Sir, I just wanted to tell you, I may not have your life experience, or have kids of my own, but I babysit two little girls, and if my mother - who I love dearly, by the way - called either one of them a whore, a slut, or a cock-sucking street-walker, well, she would be dead to me... just sayin'... Have a nice day, Mr Danes."
"Pity he's letting me choose your nursing home," Claire cut her off, giving the back of Naomi's shoulder a masculine thump and waving Margaret closer to start off again.
Lucas, having no family in the state, showed up eventually, as well, and despite his apologies, had been welcomed just the same.
"No, I'm not. I'm the guy two girly lesbians drag along to the Sephora. I'm the one they call because one of their little sisters needs a guy to back off. No car repairs involved. But you know what I'm really good at? Advice. And who do women talk to when they need to talk? If I start working at a salon, I'm gonna have plenty of business, from like, every girl in my graduating class, for starters."
"She's been crying for an hour and a half straight. She doesn't even cry like this for shots." Claire said, "Nothing is working. She's a little warm, but not enough for tylenol."
"There was one more, he's only kind of an idiot, and I thought about it, but I'm not doing it again. I'm done."
Cas picked up several more of the pieces of paper, and pushed them back into the bottom of Claire's backpack.
Claire quietly went to the front desk, and sat on the large empty space usually used for paperwork. "When you're done, I need to look up these codes and how to fix them."
Rachel responded with a carefully paced cadence. It was obvious she was keeping a careful watch on her words and her temper, although she hated to do it.
"Why would she-...?" Claire began, quickly remembering that Alfie had brought Cynthia home with him.
"I'll send Ben out here, I'm sure you can keep him busy until I get back." Dean said, getting to his feet. "Next time, close the damn release valve on the jack all the way before you start trying to lift the car."
Claire startled as Alfie, clumsily, but with extra care, slipped over the back of the couch to lay on it, still doing what he could to settle Lauren, cuddling her, and speaking softly. Realizing what tiny danger there had been had passed, she shook her head and turned back to Sam and gestured to the new door, "Put Dad in there, we'll figure it out tomorrow... Jackasses."
The hood was already open, but the damage was clear, as a sharp bit of metal was sticking out of an area that should have been smooth.
"This is nice," Dean said quietly, leaning against the doorframe, "Got your own little mini man-cave in here. Very cool."
"I don't even know where we keep them, and we only have two! What if someone else asks?" the nurse was complaining.
"Yeah... Yeah, well, unfortunately most of the time if a kid needs x-rays twice in the same month, it's because they don't have decent parents." Dean explained.
Claire was still in a bit of a haze, and settled the baby to nurse on the other side, and found it fall easier to lay down, "She needs a name. I'm not sleeping until she gets a name."
"I wish I could explain how good it feels, getting inside of you," he whispered. Having her lower lip engaged by her teeth at the time, she gave him a firm squeeze, with a shift of her hips that he wasn't sure, but was either involuntary, or urging him on, "It's something incredible. Really."
He rolled his eyes, half certain she was speaking from a more personal standpoint, "What do you think I should do?"
"Yeah, do that. Kevin made me watch this thing about... I dunno, it was weird, something about putting energy into the universe and deciding not to have any accidents at work anymore. He said if I say that I don't get hurt at work, it won't happen, and thinking about getting hurt so many times makes it keep happening. So, that's not happening anymore."
"Why? Because that's the best advice, right? So why aren't you following the best advice available instead of focusing on the bad stuff?"
Margaret's blood ran cold, "Great. Anything else you want to take away from me? Oh, wait, no, that would make it everything."
"No. I don't think so, I think if it's real love, it turns people into blathering idiots, and I'm not sure you're up for that." Ben turned around and took a step closer to the back gate before thinking better of it and addressing her again, "You what's really getting to me about this? A few months ago, when your parents came to visit, we were at that restaurant and you left the table for a bit, I actually asked them if they'd be cool with me asking you, sometime down the road."
Ben got onto the bus and quickly headed for his usual seat, only to find it full, and made for one further back, finding the only available spot also happened to be directly behind Jack.
Claire shrugged, "What's to talk through? Obviously you want to be under one roof, and then there's Ben, but, I've got some news, too."
Kevin stroked her hair back over her ear, "You should have told her you were starting a cult, and taking on boyfriends left and right. Girlfriends, too. Make her head explode."
"Yeah, well, I fixed his makeup a little too well," Kevin said, "He had like, three drunk college guys staring at his ass."
Alfie watched as what appeared to be ripples of anger washed through Millie's uncle's face, but while steaming, he remained silent. At least until the door swung open, and Cora, likely already working up a few less than kind things to say, entered the small shop, and crossed her arms over her belly as the door fell shut behind her loudly, putting Alfie on edge.
Cas' voice came through the door, "Claire, if you're having trouble, you know you could put on a tank top, and I'll help you. Charlie said she's willing to help, or Dean can tell one of your friends how."
