“You’re having it, aren’t you?”
"No credit, and an immediate demand on your note. He bought it from me for more than the full price, in hard cash. John, you must excuse me."
“Is that a common…er, predilection in these parts?” he asked, reaching for a notebook.
And all of this requires VERY VERY CLEAN instruments, so you’re also looking at at least an hour and a half a day of hauling, heating, and boiling water, then scrubbing dairying tools. Honestly, I should have just given John a pig so he can give the pig whatever milk he can’t eat. Maybe I’ll do that. /farm nerdery
“Let me… that is, may I…show you?”
"Mike has no hired man just now and it will save him a few minutes."
Harry allowed the caress, then nudged Clara towards the full manger. They were both soon eating, absorbed in their food. The geese, Philemon and Pierrette, honked companionably at him until he tipped corn into their trough, then turned their attention to pushing the chickens away. John scattered more corn on the side to defuse a fight, then hopped over the bar to check for eggs. Only a couple now; feed was getting meagre this late in the winter.
Sherlock’s unwavering gaze felt like the darkest condemnation. John held firm.
John had long since stopped asking himself how she knew to arrive just as his goats went into heat. She just knew. And, since she brought Frank to him (“Gets terribly upset if he doesn’t have his little walking tour, dear. Ridiculous animal”), it was one less thing for him to do.
“Fine, John.” Sherlock was clearly vastly disinterested in any kind of caution. He had a fish heart on the tip of one long finger, and was peering at it intently.
They left, this time, with a big jug of maple syrup (John had to physically restrain Sherlock from drinking it neat) and $500.
“Pshaw. If I see another piece of fried salt pork I’ll scream.”
“You’re a fool, John Watson,” he said to himself, and went outdoors, dashing over the field to the spruce barrens. He loved them too, a place where magic was made. He could feel pirate gold and Crusade knights around each tree, and though he was alone, he was not lonely.
“Tea, John.” Sherlock said, but did not reach for it. Very well, John thought. He cupped the back of Sherlock’s head in one hand and held the tea to his lips with the other.  Sherlock sipped it, slowly at first. Then, he began to drink it in gulps, so quickly that John pulled it back, afraid he’d take too much.
In a way, I’m actually glad the last chapter ended up being 2, because I had 2 songs for it and I couldn’t let either one go.
Sherlock frowned, then stepped forward to sniff him. John drew back, but not before he got a lungful of Sherlock’s odour. “And so do you. Pondwards, now.”
Then, the misery was back, and Sherlock could no longer think rationally. He was hard, so hard, and he
"Sounds like him. Well, be prepared for considerable oversight and having your cabin turned upside down. Although," Lestrade looked at John assessingly, "you might enjoy the company."
“I guarantee you it is not.” John said.
“It was so wet I’ve had to stay out here. Don’t want to drown in a mud pit,” he replied.
“You’re not fine.”
“So will you be missed, in Carleton?”
. So much better than he could have imagined, the feel and smell of Sherlock’s body.
“We’ve got to go!”
“Nothing?” Sherlock looked down between his arms and caught John’s eye. He looked an utter mess: he was flushed, pupils wide and lips plump.
“What in blazes is happening here?” John. Sherlock found it hard to believe that fourteen minutes had passed since his experiment, such as it was, had begun, but he looked over to see Jack and Hamish standing placidly at the edge of the field. In fact, he had quite a significant audience; Isadora looked at him in bemusement, the calves peeking out from behind her. Both Clara and Harry were baa-ing loudly, Harry straining at her chain in order to get closer. Idiot Horse was watching him closely. Only Arthur had his back to the whole scene.
“How far would we get if one of the horses broke a leg? About as far as you got with a sprained ankle, eh?” John exclaimed. “Transport is still important, and it’s the same with every system. You can’t neglect everything!”
Sherlock paced back towards the fireplace, stepping up and over the settle as though it were part of the floor. His hair brushed the beam on the ceiling before he dropped to the floor with a thump.
“D’you mind?”
The song was one that was unfamiliar, but the beat took them both over and they began to move. Out of sync, at first, but as a more popular song brought more bodies to the floor and pressed them together, their rhythm melded and it was as though they were one body.
“Wha—who? Oh, the horse. No. Mycroft was hoping—and I have no idea why because usually he is more perspicacious than that—I would give her a name and somehow “bond” with her. I’ve been calling her Idiot Horse.”
Suddenly there was a wild scream from the barn--Harry, obviously, but so loud and piercing that John immediately knew something was wrong.
John stared at Sherlock’s cock, then at the mess on the back of the settle. Sherlock’s panting was the only sound in the cabin. John’s knees were protesting. He knew he should withdraw the massager. And yet he remained where he was.
John, who apparently could not leave well enough alone, dodged back towards the kitchen, grabbed the latest salt-rising loaf, and wrapped it in clean linen. Setting it down on the chest by his bed—he nodded and left.
“It’s all right, John.” John could practically see him trying to be gentle.
“Sherlock,” John said, grabbing his axe.
for Sherlock as a person and wished for his well-being.
Sherlock, his eyes wild, nodded crisply, almost in a soldierly way, and, with one last blow to the bear's arse, dropped the axe and ran.
“You were expelled over a dog?”
John was about to protest that he had meant none when Cousin Mike stopped him.
“Nobody can see us, John,” Sherlock’s voice was a low rumble in his ear.
That decided, he set it aside with a firm mental shake of his head, and set to assessing his home. It was at least another two weeks until any outdoor work could be done, and perhaps he could make some small repairs to the interior to make it more comfortable in that time.
The sun beat down on him as he bent over the rows, heaping up the dirt around the potato stems. The plants were robust—a side effect of the excellent weather, and he began to hope that he would have food throughout the winter as well as seed potatoes the following spring. He had plenty of cheese, thanks to Isadora’s twins, and plenty of pickles, thanks to Sherlock. If he could preserve some meat—the ham he had gotten in Bonne Chere had been the most delicious thing he had eaten for some time—he would be well-set up to make it through the winter. He redoubled his efforts.
“You looking for ropes, or a platform?”
“I’ve lived more in my time here than I ever did in Carleton,” Sherlock said, his fervour unfeigned.
"Please, then," John said, and looked up at him, but he had mistaken Sherlock's tone. Sherlock was already wrapping a fresh loaf of his new salt-rising bread in a clean cloth, not asking him to say please.
“It is. The access is ah, internal as well.” John looked Sherlock in the eye.
“Please,” Sherlock said, pulling the blankets up around his neck. John sighed, and, giving the fire a somewhat more vigorous poke than he had intended, got back into the warm bed. Sherlock was not quite so forward this time as to wrap himself around John, but he did not move from the center, either. John curled himself on his side, his back against Sherlock’s thankfully warm body, and fell asleep.
“You take it correctly.”
But he was.  He knew nothing about cows; still, he was determined that the Lestrades should not suspect a Watson, especially a boy of his age, was scared. So, his heart beating fast, he picked a willow switch and went to the barn. However, he was thankful to find that cows were not such ferocious animals after all.  They went gravely on ahead and he had only to follow, through the old orchard and then through the scrub maple growth beyond, along a twisted, ferny path that seemed to be one of the magical places Cousin Mike had talked about in Charlottetown. Every corner seemed to hide some new delight, something just a little out of reach. At one, John thought he heard a rustle, but there was nothing; at another, a slight movement in the bush, but nothing again. Birds, he supposed, or--fancy seizing him--fairies.
Then, the silence was broken by the faraway chittering of an angry squirrel; the chickadees began again, and a slight breeze raised the little poplar leaves into a flutter. Sherlock exhaled.
“You know perfectly well what it is,” Sherlock said, moving the blankets asides. His cock was clearly distended, pushing against the fabric of his trousers. John swallowed.
“You’re not my keeper.” Sherlock stood up and brushed at the knees of his trousers.
John looked out over the farmyard. Idiot Horse and Arthur were browsing at their pickets. The chickens were still clucking around, drifting ever closer to the remains of the meal. Harry was baaing frantically at the length of her tether.
I’m grateful to ellioop for pointing me towards these Finnish wooden dildos (http://teatiamo.com/). They look very like what John might have made. I’m also indebted to her for the delightfully-worded suggestion that John take his time carving the massager: “A little puddle of quiet where he just... commits to the thing, and having become complicit in it, decides to do it His Own Way, and with Excellent Craftmanship and Consideration. Possibly correcting the design to accordance with his own experiences in the deltas of Upper Shagistan.”
“You’re clearly connecting this,” Sherlock gestured to the pile of feces, “with something in your history; you’re shrugging it off, which means you don’t really think your instinct is correct. It’s probably not correct, but you’re still concerned.”
"Old blood," Sherlock said. "If you can get a sample, test it for human."
"And you can take Mummy to see Chicago next Tuesday as well," Mycroft said.
"The breathing instruments inspire, wake into voice each silent string, and sweep the sounding lyre! In a sadly-pleasing strain," he said to himself, because no one was there to hear him talking in such strange verse.
It was a bit of a low blow, I admit, but he was getting too close to the truth of the matter, and he didn’t need to know about the torture. Of all people, he shouldn’t know. Just like I’d hidden the reason behind my disappearance, never told him why I’d left, never told him of what I’d endured on his behalf. If he knew that it hadn’t been just a grand adventure abroad, what I’d done for him... he’d know. He may be a little dense when it comes to this matter, but even he could figure it out from there.
"Told you," John said, calmly taking another bite of his sandwich.
"Go ahead, love," John said.
A) Wait John out
Sherlock convulsed around him, arms clutching at his back, screaming as if he were dying, muscles rigid and shaking, cock twitching and spurting fluid over his stomach. John felt Sherlock's arse tighten impossibly around his cock and plunged over the edge right behind him.
"Now the other one, love," John said, pushing his other ankle back like the first.
"Any luck?" Wiggins asked.
And then I cannot help but think that no matter what happened later, no matter the terrible things that happened later, what a folly it was to fall for a married man. And also, I cannot help but think that it's not fair, because I loved him long before he was married.
Sherlock knew that, but even if John would admit to liking men, there was no guarantee that he would ever turn in Sherlock's direction. Sherlock wasn't a good catch, and he knew it. Who would want an ex-junkie with so many obvious flaws? He didn't know how John had managed to put up with him for so long.
“You could say that,” the Captain said, his mouth twisting wryly.
that you're not telling me?" John asked.
John did.
“I do want,” Sherlock said contentedly. “Very much.”
Apparently the punch was spiked, because Molly and Lestrade had come over rather giggly, and Mrs. Hudson had gone downstairs for her evening soother. After Molly and Lestrade had caught a cab, that left John and Sherlock.
John laughed.
“A gay couple's retreat?” I said, trying to show skepticism. “Couldn't your officers go?”
Right, time to intervene.
Sherlock bundled him into the cab and directed it to take him to Scotland Yard. John took the chance to take a bit of a break while they waited, and looked at Sherlock, who was practically buzzing with energy. His cheeks had a faint flush of pink across them as he waited impatiently for the cab to arrive at their destination. He looked very fetching.
"Have you made a friend, Sherlock?" asked John, coming over.
Sherlock would, in fact. He had better things to do than look at bath products, especially when he knew they'd end up getting bath bombs.
"That isn't playing fair," Sherlock protested, eyes riveted to John's peaking nipples.
"She seemed more alarmed by the rope than the fact it was dead bodies. Which is the opposite case for you, it seems. Thankfully."
Sherlock watched with wide eyes as John leaned down. He arched his chest up slightly towards John, but John stopped. Very slowly and lightly, John rubbed his cheek over Sherlock's chest, feeling the pull of stubble against Sherlock's skin. It wasn't a lot of stubble, just a day's worth of growth, but it was making Sherlock do this delightful shivery thing.
They didn't want to go to the lab today. This morning was shaping up to be particularly bad on the dysphoria front. Sherlock could barely stand to look at their own reflection in the mirror, because it just screamed "girl! girl! girl!" at them mockingly. Luckily, Sherlock had small breasts, and a tight sports bra and thick sweater covered them up. But some days, Sherlock just felt like there was a huge, gaping hole inside them, and that they were missing vital parts of themself.
And then John was kissing their neck, and that was much nicer than they had been expecting. Their knees abruptly stopped working, and they nearly fell. John pinned them against the wall to stop them from falling over, her muscled shoulders straining to keep them both upright. Sherlock nearly swooned again from that feeling alone.
C) Trapped somewhere
"It can't be nothing," Sherlock said. "Physiological responses are very telling. Did you know that you use different sweat glands when having a stress reaction?"
John might be a bad actor, but there was one thing he certainly wasn't, and that was a bad lover. And in this particular case... he didn't need to act. The sentiment was already there.
"Wow," John gasped. "I'm not entirely sure I'll be able to walk for a bit after that."
OOooOO
“Do you think he’s after my husband?” asked Malcolm.
John took the steps one at a time, the limp in his leg making his progress down awkward. He paused again at the bottom, took a deep breath, and went into the kitchen. He was right, Gladstone was already lying underneath the table, chewing on something happily. She looked up at his entrance, and both Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson followed suit.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and said, “I have the tapes that you wanted. Don’t forget, it’s up to you to take Mummy out to the show later this week. Don’t try and skip it.”
He loved how the flesh actually rippled with each smack. Sherlock's arse was perfect for this. With that hit, Sherlock made a little sobbing noise. He saw a little drop fall from underneath the curtain of Sherlock's hair, which was concealing his face. His head was bent low.
Sherlock frowned at the screen, and his mouth turned down in a pout. How was he supposed to figure out how the warehouse tied into everything if the company that owned the building didn't even exist? It didn't make any sense.
Sorry for the long delay! I am trying to get this fic finished soon!
To his surprise, John blushed and his lips went tight.
Suddenly, he looked up at John, and smirked.
Sherlock went to the window and peered out. London had seen a faint smattering of snow if the past few days, and it looked as if the city had been dusted in confectioner’s sugar. It looked like a fairy realm.
Without even really thinking about it, I staggered to the bathroom for my own shower. Why was John so... John. I tried to clear my head while I washed my hair. It was a good idea to question the hotel workers first, but I couldn’t think clearly enough to be certain I wouldn’t do something ridiculous.
“Not really my area,” Sherlock said quickly, and ducked his head.
“Oh, does that bother you?” John asked in surprise. “I can sleep on the floor if you–”
"But it's my birthday present," John said wickedly. "I'll do what I want with it."
Nothing like a little morning session with a riding crop to brighten up your day.
The first time it happened, it was actually a complete accident. To be fair, accidents while experimenting that made John mad were fairly common occurances. But it wasn't often that Sherlock rendered a whole level of their flat uninhabitable.
Sherlock blinked and realized that the man was carrying the boxes down his hallway and looked back.
“See you later then,” Sherlock said, feeling awkward.
"And they just let you?" John asked, frowning. "Wait, if you're a consulting detective, do they pay you?"
How one person could possibly ruin everything John didn't know, but he was eager to find out what could possibly be in store for him.
"Anderson isn't terrible clever, you know," Molly said. "Just the other day, he managed to turn one of the guard sergeants into a frog while trying to come up with a solution for your problem."
John hated owing somebody enough that he felt the need to hold back his opinions.
"Yes, love, you were very brave."
"Sort of like hot potato," Sherlock said. "Alright then. We'll start off easy. Night."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and drank. "I gave you that one."
Sherlock shook their head. "John, I don't
“Gregory is correct,” a voice said from the doorway.
"Wiggins called an ambulance, Lestrade came to visit me in hospital, and my brother put me in rehab for months. I didn't do it myself."
John smiled and said, "Good. I'll go and get you a plaster."
John left his room, and Sherlock could hear him rummaging around upstairs, getting changed and ready for bed. Sherlock's head still hurt, and he knew that a person with a concussion was supposed to rest as much as possible to help with the recovery process. John had work tomorrow, so Sherlock resigned himself to a long, boring day of nothing the next day. He sighed and put his head down on the pillow. Sleep came surprisingly quickly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes again and gestured to John. Mycroft ceased to matter.
John was immediately hard, as if a switch had been turned on. John groaned and thudded his head against the door. It took all of his control not to try and break the door down again. Sherlock must have heard the thump, because there was an answering thump from the other side.
"... work," John finished, then followed. "Wait, do you know if this place has an alarm? Or surveillance?"
knew that it wasn't generally advised to imply insult to a bunch of already-enraged thugs. What was wrong with his mouth?
"Oh?" John asked.
"Like that, do you?" John growled against his ear.
"We still have his body, and the crime scene," Sherlock said. "We can work with that. Not everything is lost, although I would have liked to talk to that man."
John loved Christmas. Of course he did, he had ugly Christmas jumpers saved up to wear the whole season. Was wearing one right now, in fact.
"Darling?" John laughed, voice still more high-pitched than normally. "You're not everyone's darling. Only I'm daft enough to describe you that way. Sweetheart would have worked just as well, I suppose."
Supper was ready, and the youngest had been sent to tell his other sibling. Replacing the whore's gag, Three-finger begrudgingly followed, returning the bottle to the cabinet. He tried to match his brother's enthusiasm for the meal, knowing that at least their prisoner would still face further torment when food was served.
The giant barked some form of command at the one-eyed brute and turned to leave, the skinny one all but skipping after the clan alpha. The oaf remained behind, grinning at Sherlock, who could only hope that the trap which he worried would never come off would not be tugged on anymore. Big hands, their prints and grooves coated in dirt and fingernails caked with Lord knew what, patted the detective like he were a dog, squashing at hollow cheeks and pulling at curly locks of hair. Though Sherlock thought himself to have an impressive gag reflex, the moment the foul-smelling man closed a palm over his lips, he thought he might throw up.
"Is there anything else?" he inquired.
John blinked a few times, adamant not to let his persistent PTSD accompany him to America. Sherlock knew about it, of course - it was hard to keep anything secret from the pompous git - but he had not yet told Mary about his recurring nightmares, and John feared that she might break it up with him if she learned about his complete medical history. Life with an ex-soldier was never easy.
John itched to ask the question, "but do you find me attractive?" Yes, he was overweight, short, and had bags underneath his eyes which blatantly told of his years as well as the harrowing ordeals he had been through. One could read about it on his face like a road map. Sherlock had said so once.
Mary looked flabbergasted at first, but when she spoke, she sounded decidedly offended. "John, I won't disturb him, I could go into the bedroom and read, or--"
Sherlock sometimes slipped up, but John, ever the soldier, was like a clockwork. John had not updated. Not for days. A cold feeling dripped down Mycroft's spine.
"Did you get a name from him?" a voice asked.
John nodded, but his behaviour left Sherlock unconvinced that he was up for the task. The doctor was practically shell-shocked, the look in his eyes distant, as if he had mentally left this horrible scene far behind.
"Quite right, but that wasn't the first time that man had hit Sherlock. He'd sported some suspicious bruises before, but he insisted it was nothing, and I didn't take action. I could have had Moran apprehended and incarcerated on a multitude of charges, ranging from assault to fraud to possession of narcotics, but I didn't. I suppose I didn't want Sherlock to despise me more than he already did."
"Thanks for the chat," John said, embarrassed that the topic of said "chat" was now known to Sherlock as well.
He jolted at the sudden opening of a door, though Mycroft still held him fast. A nurse entered, confusion inherent on her face at the sight before her.
"How can you be sure it's a man?"
Against better judgment, John chuckled as well as one very memorable incident bubbled up to the surface of his memory. That day he had learned that his then-newfound friend sometimes used his rectum as an emergency storage space... and also gotten to know Sherlock much more intimately; perhaps more so than he was ready for at the time.
"I took the liberty of making reservations for us at the resort. I can promise you that the standard is higher than anything you could afford on your own."
Sherlock squirmed uncomfortably as the rough fabric of the sofa scraped his sun burnt back and shoulders. John shuddered at how he would probably feel in a few hours, not to mention tonight...
“How about that path?” John suggested, gesturing towards the nearby dirt trail. “It looks like it heads into the woods, and that would be—”
How on earth was the ground so muddy? she wondered, completely baffled. As she continued to drive, the road just grew worse and worse. Where was the water coming from which had made all this mud? Certainly the weather was rather humid, but not to the point of having to drive through dirt the consistency of jam.
"It was in Maryland!"
“Speaking of comfortable, how about Sherlock?”
Mycroft's bed was wide enough for two adults to sleep on separate sides, but William had no such intentions. He deftly tucked himself into the curve of Mycroft's larger body as if he belonged there and even gave a contented snuffle as he once again readied himself to sleep, hopefully without any more embarrassing, wet accidents to spoil his rest. The elder of the two reluctantly allowed it, thinking he could always extradite himself from the embrace once his baby brother had fallen asleep… perhaps, assuming he didn't give in first.
"Oftentimes I can't sleep," Sherlock explained. "My head... is filled with noise. My thoughts are racing, and I can't seem to make it stop. If I stay in bed, it only gets worse. So I go sit in the closet. Sensory deprivation helps. The noise becomes manageable, even if it never goes away completely. After a few hours in there, I can crawl back out and face the world again. Right as rain, as it were." He finished with a mirthless chuckle.
He finished his breakfast quickly and in silence, doing his best to ignore the fact that the tea was watery and the scones tasted like dry paper towel. He decided it didn't matter. What he needed at this point was carbohydrates to provide energy for his brain and last him through until lunchtime.
He released his grip on the quivering body which was now shaking its head and whimpering, and gave his plaything a harsh shove towards his eldest. Three-finger eagerly caught the near hysterical thing up in his wiry arms, chuckling at his new prize.
She started at it for a long moment, wondering if it was truly man-made and not something which - no doubt exceedingly rare - could have formed naturally, or by the intervention of wildlife, such as beavers. After a more thorough analysis, she deemed it unlikely. The height of the construction was far too great to have been done by a beaver, or even several.
Sherlock smiled. "A shame I didn't try to smuggle a gun."
John glanced down at his form, disgusted at the rolls which formed whenever he sat down. Then his eyes moved lower to the bushy nest of brown curls which surrounded his manhood, short and thick like the rest of him, now completely soft. He hated the way his pubic hair concealed nearly half of the shaft, making it appear even smaller. He should have at least thought to trim it down a bit.
"How can you tell?" John asked. "Someone else with a key..."
The laughter died down as the mountain man approached, giggles replaced by a heavy breathing. John doubted his attacker was out of breath. The little bleeder sounded more like he was sexually excited at the notion of attacking and killing. The doctor's thoughts wandered back to his poor friend, and what level of abuse these monsters would continue to inflict upon him if they had not killed him already. Unless they would not stop even when he was but a lifeless corpse.
“Look!”
Nasim looked guilty and allowed the rest of the sentence to trail off. He nervously wrung his hands, covered in bloodied surgical gloves. The man was an esteemed orthopedic surgeon; indeed one of the best available on such short notice. His reputation, however, did nothing to diminish his immense respect or perhaps outright fear of the British government official whose younger sibling's limb he had spent the past three hours trying to salvage. In vain. He did not look forward to delivering the news of his failure.
What was going to happen between her and John? Should she make the effort to forgive him? Should she move on and try to enjoy the rest of the vacation as best as possible?
The one-eyed brute jumped up from his seat and rushed forward towards Sherlock, but the detective did not so much as flinch, ever defiant. Sherlock might have also suspected a clan member this childish might not be as big of a threat as a blithering psychopath or a tower of muscle, but John was nervous all the same. After all, people were capable of awful things when they did not know any better.
"If we were standing right here," he remarked, then pointing to the left of himself and John, "and our family of hunters were using their chimney... there would be a trail of smoke right over there."
, not sympathy, callous though it sounded. A pat on the shoulder and meaningless words of comfort which held no truth offered no help whatsoever to someone in Bobbi Ferguson's situation, and Sherlock kept reminding himself of that as he explained his standpoint to his client.
"I'd rather not risk it." This was really an exceptionally bad time to be arguing about anything. The longer they dallied, the more likely it was that their little stunt would become public knowledge.
"Unhand me at once, or I will make sure that your mother will have to live off of food stamps for the rest of her life!" the civil servant retorted in a mixture of a hiss and a snarl, taking momentary pleasure in watching the man's suntanned face go visibly pale.
“Oh, stop whining,” John muttered. “Now what was it you were just dying to share with me?”
Once he had ultimately decided he was indeed not dead, he was made aware of another sensation. Something was poking at him. A branch being blown in the wind? No, he could not feel a breeze of any sort. Perhaps some carrion bird was already taking the opportunity to eat him. Opening his eyes did not help much at all, for his view was limited to the ground. John would have loved to lift his head and get a better look at his surroundings - as well as his visitor - but he could barely move. Was he even able to speak after that harrowing misadventure in the river? Opening his mouth, he managed a raspy moan.
Giving an annoyed sigh, Sherlock finally gave in, following his assistant. "Will you at least spoon feed me?" he asked slyly.
"Then nothing for me, thanks," Sherlock said impatiently. "Now tell us about Sarah."
And look at how things had progressed. Two sons, one of which killed their mother when she finally spat him from her loins and grew up to be a half-wit. The other was showing the worst of his nature by acting out, just because of Sawtooth's latest prisoner.
"She could still be alive, John," Sherlock said slowly, but the tone of his voice revealed that he found it unlikely. "The amount of blood found here is not conclusive with a lethal injury. Alright? We have to keep looking."
Even so, John still did not consider his friend crazy, as predicted by Sherlock. How could he? Considering the man’s staggering, debilitating intellect, he could be locked away somewhere. But he was not locked away. He was managing, as Sherlock had said.
He had been right; it was a dangerous fit. He did not imagine being absolutely stuck like some amateur spelunker in an unfamiliar cave, but he would need to go very slowly and carefully, lest he catch himself and make enough noise to alert their loathsome keepers.
She had once read that people choosing directions on random - like those who were lost in the woods -  most often went in the direction of their dominant hand. Mary was right-handed, but something within her urged her to choose left; a feeling she could not describe but the closest she could think of was like a needle pressed to the end of her spine. The rational part of her brain baulked at the supposed 'hunch'. Her so-called female intuition, raised to such heights by many women, had caused her to make some truly catastrophic choices in the past. Like when it told her John Watson would be a catch.
John was not as fit as he'd been during his military days, and one casual, off-hand comment from Sherlock about the length of his endowment had affected him deeply. It had happened during one of their infrequent sexual encounters. Sherlock's mouth, not rattling rude deductions for once, had been tightly wrapped around his cock, and John was doing his best not to simply grab his flatmate's unruly curls and fuck his face hard.
John carefully lifted the covers and joined Mary in bed. With equal amounts of relief and disappointment, he found out that she was not naked but wearing a form-fitting tank top and panties.
"Alright, alright. Don't get your knickers in a twist." John got up from the sofa to do Sherlock's bidding. "Although you're not wearing any that I can see."
She giggled at his shocked reaction. "Calm down, soldier! It was a joke. But truth to be told..." She carded her hand through his sparse chest hair. "...perhaps I wouldn't mind if you did."
Mycroft spoke slowly, over-enunciating the syllables for clarity. "Do you know your name? Squeeze once for 'yes', and twice for 'no.'"
John tried to argue, but each time he tried to speak, his mind went blank.
"Also, you need medical attention yourself, sir," she continued. "And we need to let the doctors take care of your brother now."
Doomed if you do, doomed if you don't…
Sherlock heard a dramatic shuffling of movement as he ascended the stairs towards his own cabin, knowing immediately that Mary had not returned. Sure enough, the door flew open, and for that fleeting moment, he saw the look of hope on John's face, much like Bobbi Ferguson. John's face dropped however when he saw Sherlock, and his body sagged against the door frame.
Instinct brought John to struggle in vain against his bonds. However, his snarl was rendered pathetic by the gag, and he received a punch to the stomach for his troubles. He could only watch as his partner was hoisted off of where he once hung and carried away by the giant like a slab of meat.
Did it refrain from penetration to avoid leaving traces that could be discovered by the massive alpha? Sherlock realized it was highly unlikely that the idiot possessed the capacity for such foresight. There was a more distinct possibility that the dense creature was imitating behaviour conducted by its relatives, but lacking the knowledge to carry it out.
Nasim left, and Mycroft was once again left alone with his unconscious sibling. Sherlock looked slightly less like a gross and mutilated corpse now that he had been cleaned and had his wounds dressed, but even now it was painfully obvious that parts of his skin would be left with permanent scarring.
Sherlock still refused to open his mouth. He would not eat. He would starve to death sooner than revert to cannibalism.
Sherlock wondered if the other two monsters had found John and hence killed him. He knew they were out to kill, not to capture, as they clearly had no interest in his friend besides turning him into meat. If John was brought back, it would be as a corpse.
"I didn't mean West Virginia!" John exclaimed, now rather exasperated. "I never wanted to come out here!"
Water and flannel had been easy enough to get through, but the boy's eyes focused throughout on the little cabinet door beneath the sink itself. William knew what was under that sink, as he had it well memorized: cleaning products (both for people and surfaces), a spare toilet brush for when the original would need to be replaced, a set of sponges of various textures, extra bars of soap wrapped in wax paper, and a package he had hoped he would never have to use again. Clearly tonight had proved otherwise, but he did not want to believe that.
"It's more than the PTSD. It's like a mental block. I can't be with them." John listened to the now slow, steady beat of Sherlock's heart within the thin chest. "I can be with you, though. That's strange, isn't it?"
don't touch me."
“Come on,” John said, grabbing the camera bag and then placing an arm around Sherlock’s back. “We’ll deal with this at the lodge.”
“Was I too forward?” she asked.
“A peculiar thing, your condition,” Sherlock remarked. “Why do you suppose that is?”
Sherlock tried hard to remember where he was, but his senses were sending his brain conflicting information. He was in a lot of pain, everywhere, but he could not see anything or recall how he'd gotten himself in trouble. Had Sebastian returned to do what he swore to do during the trial, namely kill him?
“Most girls do,” she agreed. “But we also like someone dependable. You have that too.”
He had to admit, though: the water was close to heavenly. Obviously it was a place for the nudists to socialize, rather than exercise, and had thus been adjusted to suit their needs.
At least he hadn't made it easy for the big bastard, John thought.
“Slower,” John said, wrapping his hand over the back of Sherlock’s head, fingers nestled in the thick dark curls of his hair. “Just a little bit slower.”
Sherlock backed away hesitantly. He thought for a moment that perhaps John had snapped. He certainly hoped not, not only for the chance that John would become a liability or undependable (would he wander off for some unknown reason?), but because losing his partner and dearest, closest friend was unthinkable.
"He's stable for now, but we don't want a repeat of this, so until your brother has come to his senses, he will be placed in restraints," Nasim announced, tight-lipped and severe.
have to be upset? It wasn't his relationship that was on the verge of destruction, not he that would have to spend the night sleeping on the sofa because he was unwanted. Was Sherlock still angry with John for going through his pockets? Did he regret their most recent sexual encounter? None of it made any sense to John. Sherlock had been the aggressor; clearly he had wanted it... at least then. Why the sudden change of heart?
Even so, the detective had to consider his current predicament. He needed to determine a way to escape, or at the very least be ready in case his captors were going to return. He thought about trying to reach the phone he carried in his jacket pocket, but there was no way of doing that with both his hands and feet tied, and besides there was no reception to be had in this area even if he managed. Sherlock wondered if it was pure coincidence that the culprits had chosen to set up their base of operation here exactly.
"Just go to sleep, little brother." Reaching for the night light to switch it off, Mycroft hoped that would be the last he'd hear from William that night. He was disappointed but not surprised when his brother proved him wrong once more.
"If you need anything, should I come to you or...?"
"If you wear this for the rest of the night," Mycroft suggested, "then you can sleep in my bed with me."
"Whatever your problem stems from, it is not physiological," he said. "I can hear you masturbate almost daily; in your bedroom, in the shower, and you never have any difficulty producing or sustaining an erection at those times."
Of course. Mycroft's lips thinned for less than a second. Consultation might lead to a battle of characters, and he had enough experience in hospitals to know that sometimes the egos of doctors outdid those of politicians.
There was not enough strength or vigor left in the detective's mangled body to make a lunge for the blade. His right arm was useless from the elbow down; his fingers, even though he could still feel them, were no longer obeying the commands from his brain. Likely the result of motor nerve damage on top of the broken ulna, Sherlock deduced, possibly in the risk of becoming permanent unless…
"John..." he complained, struggling to sit up. "John!"
Frankly, John was not sure their relationship was salvageable for him to still be her boyfriend.
The politician gave a weary sigh. "Did he bring cocaine with him?"
Though he knew it would do nothing, John wished desperately for the ability to speak. The instinct to object, to shout, to do...
"I cannot, but judging from the angle the picture was taken, the individual caught on camera is well above average in both height and build. Added to this we have the indisputable fact that voyeurism is far more prevalent in men than women, which significantly lowers the statistical probability of this being a female. Am I wrong?"
Sherlock shrugged, though he knew his older friend could not see the gesture. He gave a joyless laugh, though it hurt him to do so.
When simple use of fists did not please it, the little beast finally slammed its head against Sherlock's. The detective flitted in and out of consciousness from the blow, and his vision blurred when he tried to look up at his attacker. Disoriented, Sherlock instinctively struggled to remain conscious until the pain of his arm and leg snapped him into full awareness again.
The gun had jammed.
"You put up quite a fight," John said, unsure of what would be the right thing to say.
Finally he slowly removed his arms from the hold and put his hands forward, the one restrained by a cast stiffly zig-zagging and twirling over an open palm: the miming of written words. Mycroft doubted just how well his brother could write at the moment, but Sherlock was eager to communicate more than just a yes or no.
The giant promptly dumped their prize on the old wooden table, and the mountain men exchanged a few words - sounding more like a pig's grunts to an outsider's ear - between themselves, the giant likely doling out commands to his two sons. Sherlock buried his face in the crook of his good arm and prayed they would not take notice of him, until he heard the sickening sound of a hand saw eating through a limb. The monsters were dismembering the body.
“If you could pass that to me within the next few hours…” Sherlock trailed off venomously, gesturing to the nearby bottle of aloe that Mary had left out.
"Sherlock?" John said, his voice wavering as he stepped forward. A hand shot out and held him back.
"Right," the older man muttered. "We may be dealing with savage abductors in the middle of practically nowhere, but this isn't some seventies' cannibal film."
"Now! Get out! Go! GO!" John's lungs burned from the strain of having to raise his voice and he was loath to frighten a woman who was innocent of everything except delivering Mycroft's despicable and dismissive message, but he could not help himself at this moment. He needed to be alone.
A grievously injured man with a shotgun wound and other multiple injuries had been admitted to a hospital in West Virginia, and he had given his name as Sherlock Holmes.
John's hands felt desperately empty. He wished he had not dropped his weapon and hoped he could find something out here in the forest... but why would anyone, even these bastards, leave their weapons out in the woods? One of them was mentally deficient, but they could not all be so. Otherwise, how would they have functioned for this long without being discovered?
"Should he come back and attempt anything remotely similar..." Mycroft's lips thinned for a second. "Let's say that it doesn't do anyone well to try my patience."
"I said 'ejaculation', not 'orgasm'."
John’s eyes widened, and suddenly he urgently wanted to be in his cabin.
Sherlock did not outwardly react, if anyone else had seen his behavior, but John had been assistant to him long enough to pick up on a few mannerisms. The detective’s otherwise motionless face twitched just under the eyes, and he swallowed. He had been taken aback by John’s outburst.
What was the younger Holmes' preferred painkiller and anti-inflammatory drug nowadays? John thought back on his time living at Baker Street, and he could distinctly remember a bottle of Aspirin on Sherlock's shelf of the bathroom cabinet, and, come to think of it, sometimes also in his coat pocket.
“I guess it’s something we’ll have to work on then. If you’re patient with me, I’ll be patient with you.”
The thought quickly dissipated when Mycroft redirected his attention to the bed containing his younger brother. He had seen Sherlock in a hospital bed before, of course, badly beat up and in critical condition. The slender form, still covered in a multitude of bruises, scrapes and swellings from top to bottom, was slightly more recognizable now that the dried blood, dirt and grime had been washed away. Sherlock was naked save for the thick plaster cast on his right forearm, likely for practical purposes, although a plain white hospital sheet had been pulled up to his waist for modesty's sake. One particular area was extra difficult not to ogle. The shape of the detective's bony physique was painfully obvious even beneath the sheet, and thus the absence of anything below the left knee was particularly jarring.
“I’m glad I gave you that shower in the pool hall,” John remarked teasingly.
"John?" Mary's voice called, and the doctor could tell from the slurred nature of it that she had been drinking. Perhaps there was still a chance that he could keep her from finding out...
"Mycroft did mention a parole coming up. What do you think would happen if he was actually released?"
"I'm not taking that one," Sherlock said with a grimace. "You've had it in your sweaty palm! The engravings are all blotted out."
Wiping perspiration from his dirtied brow, he sat back on his knees and breathed deeply, taking a look at his advancement thus far.
His face read of deeply wanting to defy the need to be quiet. Though he resisted, the temptation was terrible. Mycroft would hate to find out how his brother would be as an adult... if he lived that long; William already gave the dreadful impression that he would get countless people cross with him in the future.
The only sound which entered Mycroft’s consciousness from the outside world was the roar of the helicopter. Eyes shut, he felt the craft ascend in the sky, and taking a deep breath, he opened them once more.
The skinny hunter stopped dead in his tracks and twitched when he suddenly heard movement to his right. He sniffed the air. Just as he'd thought; a rabbit. Sawtooth had forbidden him from wasting valuable shotgun slugs on small game, but there was no way Three-finger would let this little rodent pass. Instead of firing it, he spun the shotgun in his hand and swung it at the skipping rabbit like a club. His timing and aim were both perfect. One single blow was enough to crush the animal's skull, and for a moment the rabbit lay there, feet twitching, as though the body had not yet caught up with the fact that the head was pulp.
Sherlock's bout of consciousness fortunately did not last long. Mycroft abhorred the thought of his little brother being aware of what had been done to him - that he had not only been raped and tortured, but
John sighed. “That’s one way of putting it. Oh, Christ… I would have preferred to have gotten over it by now, but…”
Silent - perhaps refusing to speak now that they had left the imagined safety of his brother's room - William finally nodded and picked up the pace of his walk. They entered the bathroom, closing the door behind them before turning on a light. This routine had been practiced down to a well memorized step-by-step process.
"Where is Sherlock?"
The breath of the foul creature became heavy as it fondled Sherlock's groin, and when it pressed the length of its heavy body against him, he quickly realized this brute was a man, and very much intact. He shuddered at the hot breaths beating against his face and the stiff organ poking into his hip. The erection did not feel incredibly big, especially not compared to the size of the giant's, but Sherlock still did not want to feel anything inside his inflamed channel, let alone some filthy, disease-ridden cock. And if he was indeed about to be violated, he could not rely on his attacker to think to use lubrication, not even from saliva.
“Or at the very least, get kicked out,” she added. “And then where would we stay?” She played with a wet lock of John’s short hair as she cuddled close. “An abandoned shack in the woods? I think not.”
“Ugh…” John rubbed at his face. “Must I say it? Thanks to my service in the Middle East… it’s… difficult when I have sex.”
When his elder brother did not immediately answer, Sherlock's impatience came forth in the frenetic smearing of the name.
Now he was going to show their captive how the clan dealt with biting bitches.
"There's no proof yet that any of these... men were involved in Mrs. Cavanaugh's disappearance," he said, "and a week of exposure to the elements has undoubtedly eradicated most if not all clues left."
Both hands entangled in Sherlock’s hair, John tilted his head back, squirming beneath his partner. Luckily for the consulting detective, the worst of his sunburns were on his upper torso. Feeling playful, John wiggled one of his legs out from under the other man just enough so that the knee could bend, and he used his foot to tickle Sherlock’s groin. This time it was Sherlock’s turn to squirm.
"That's very thoughtful of you," John managed, although his voice sounded hollow and weak.
Sherlock's breathing rate had already gone up, and if that was any indication of his level of consciousness, he was due to wake up very soon.
"Hello sir," the woman - five foot six, dark wavy hair in a ponytail, name tag "Missy", mid-thirties, kind face, but lines on her brow suggested she had experience with difficult patients, clearly deliberately chosen to deal with him - automatically greeted him. "Are you feeling alright?"
"If it's the one I'm thinking of," Sherlock said, going through the images, "then we are very, very close." He paused on a photo, looking down at John in both trepidation and the excitement of finding their target.
Correction: John Watson and his current beau, Mary Morstan, had been going on a vacation to the Appalachian mountains, and Sherlock had joined them, uninvited, with the promise of a case. A case. In America.
"I'm sure we'll find something to use when we get there," Sherlock said. "Also, they are probably quite used to victims that cannot fight back. We may be able to surprise them yet."
John had returned home after midnight, drunk from the four or five beers he had consumed at a pub. The alcohol had dulled his senses, but it could not still the turmoil in his heart.
"He has a limp," John suggested. "On his right leg?"
Lifting his shotgun, the seven-foot-one hunter stomped forward like the veritable bull he was, cleft lip curled and serrated teeth exposed in a snarl.
Mycroft blinked, a concentrated effort, as though in the full second that his eyes had closed, he was composing himself. As much of an arsehole as Sherlock's brother was, he still cared... just a little.
Any hope of communicating the situation was thereby crudely stomped into the dirt, as John didn't believe he had the strength to produce the words required to elaborate. Every sound made by his aching lungs made him feel as though a horse had pulverized his ribcage with a vicious and well-aimed kick.
“You’re so corny,” Mary said, though she laughed at his silly behavior all the same. It was good to hear him in a silly mood for once, and she hoped to see more of this mood during their holiday.
Sherlock prided himself on his ability to anticipate possibilities; something he had begun to develop from a very early age and come close to perfecting during his thirty-three years of life. Anticipating the human mind - a fickle organism - was decidedly more difficult, as one also had to take into account the volatile emotional factor: a driving force in most interpersonal relations.
“Exactly what I said,” Sherlock answered. “Apart from Fridays evenings through Sunday, we would have to go shopping…” He paused for a moment, sidetracked by an attempt to remember something. “Did I not mention that earlier?”
Taking a deep breath, the doctor then left Sherlock's bedroom, almost hoping that his flatmate would never awaken so that John would not have to confront him about his findings.
Trying unsuccessfully to sit up, he clawed at his face with his functioning left hand, and discovered, with increasing terror, that there was a device attached to his face, filling his mouth and reaching all the way back into... Oh God. The constant hiss ought to have been telling enough. It was a breathing apparatus. He was hooked to a ventilator.
TBC...
A moment of pondering, and Sawtooth realized it was all wishful thinking on his part. The whore needed to be dealt with, preferably at once. There was no alternative except to kill it. Their grim situation demanded immediate action.
Mycroft instantly regretted his generous offer to read "whatever his brother wanted". It was totally inappropriate. Of course William was going to choose something inappropriate. Next he'd be requested to read 'Lady Chatterley's Lover' out loud! "No, you're too young. You wouldn't understand it."
"Cabin five, was it, boys?" Mary piped up and practically ushered John toward the exit. He had not even noticed her coming inside, but now he could only hope that Sherlock would follow before the woman behind the desk changed her mind about letting them stay.
“Expecting us to be attacked whilst we’re there, John?” Sherlock said. “So judgmental.”
John realized that the obese, middle-aged receptionist was flirting with Sherlock. Part of it made him want to laugh at the irony of it, but he was relieved not to be on the receiving end of the woman's attentions.
John wasn't sure if Mycroft's "us" was a reference to Brits as a people, or just the two of them, and he didn't ask. He could care less about the Americans and their patriotic celebrations. He would only celebrate if his best friend and lover was brought back to him alive. Mycroft's information regarding the date was troubling.
Relief flooded through John, quenching any disappointment he might have felt over not being on the right track. All his instincts told him that something was horribly wrong, to flee, not to keep pushing their luck by pursuing the culprits in a dense, dark forest mostly unknown to them. John was painfully aware that lives were at stake, but he had also learned to trust his instinct, as it had saved him from getting shot or blown up numerous times during his service abroad. Oh, well… if one discounted that one time he had taken a bullet to his shoulder.
The very thought of where the meat had come from washed over Sherlock's mind in overwhelming waves until every inch of him felt saturated with the blackest, meanest... evil.
This chapter includes graphic depictions of cannibalism. If that offends you, proceed with caution.
The patriarch glared down at Three-finger, who was getting dressed, twitching and snorting through his nostrils like a giant hairless weasel. Glancing back at the whore that was still trying in vain to get the head away from itself, Sawtooth kicked at his son, snapping at him to get up and go scout the woods.
Sherlock stared at his assistant for a moment, but then walked over to the closet as John continued to rant.
The cleft-palated giant freed his serrated hunting knife from its sheath and knelt beside the whore's glistening, trembling body to finish the job. He touched its smooth, hairless chest one last time, feeling the rapid hammering of a panicked heart within. Though he regretted it, that heart needed to be stopped for good.
“A Bobbi Ferguson. We’re meeting tomorrow at the pool.”
Mycroft's eyes were immediately drawn to the jagged, festering puncture wounds on the corpse's left leg, recalling what John Watson had said about the bear trap, and in that moment the elder Holmes openly and viciously wished that the ex-army doctor had been the one lying dead and buried in the suitcase instead of his brother. It could have been John. It
The little madman spun the revolver in his fully developed right hand and decided to use it as a blunt force weapon instead. Sherlock barely had time to raise his arm to shield his neck and face from the blow that followed, and he could hear a sickening crack when the gun barrel connected with his forearm.
Another part of him, however small, could not help but worry, however. Without John to keep an eye on him, who knew what kind of stupidity Sherlock might get himself tangled up in? It was a well-known fact that Sherlock completely lacked anything that could be referred to as a common sense. If something happened to him...
John managed a small chuckle and tested the strength of the wood gauge against the ground. Sherlock was, as always, correct. Breaking enough of the tough soil to get underneath the barrier would require speed, but also care, so that he would not break the damn metal piece off of the handle. Hoping his progress would not be overheard, he began to scrape away at the dirt, passing the time by thinking back on an event which in retrospect felt less uncomfortable and more humorous.
"Back to where we started, wouldn't you say?" John said, sighing, as Sherlock continued to stare off into the distance, his face slack and absent. The doctor knew that look; when Sherlock looked like that, he was fully inside his 'mind palace' and not receptive at all to outer sensory impressions.
"Try to be as quiet as you can," the detective advised. "The small one is a light sleeper. Even the smallest noise might rouse him."
“Now there is a matter of taste with this resort, but I’m sure that if you could deal with me, a little lack of clothing shouldn’t be that difficult to adjust to.”
So eager was he to rise and prepare himself for what lay ahead that he almost stood straight up, caution be damned, but ever the rational Holmes brother, he kept a cool - albeit throbbing - head as he composed himself. He slowly but steadily consumed some of the bread and meat before taking the tablets, silently meditating and reorganizing his thoughts. Shower or no shower, headache or no headache, he would be of no use to anyone, especially not his brother, if he left the infinite space of his mind in utter chaos.
John gave up what strength he had left in his legs and let his full weight take both him and the psychotic fiend off the solid ground. They disappeared from the giant's sight and into the rushing current of the river. The coldness of the water enveloped John and he felt his foe release its hold on him.
“Do you get stage fright?” the woman asked.
As almost always, Sherlock had been right. The cabin soon came into view; a primitive, squat, and altogether ominous piece of construction that looked completely out of place in a contemporary setting. Built for sure without modern commodities such as electricity, running water, or even a toilet, John wondered if the cabin had been erected sometime during the American civil war. Possibly when the clan first arrived here. The mere thought made him shudder.
Sherlock lightly grasped John's wrist for just a second and walked off in search of where their culprits could have gone. Not five minutes later, he spotted a clear path where the familiar worn-down tire tracks led away from the field.
The lack of food and water must have been taking its toll on him. Either that or his injuries were making him delirious. Neither was a good sign.
"We'll find her," he said, taking a step toward John.
For the second time in one day, he felt betrayed. He felt as if he hated his only real friend. This journey had been a mistake, and as childish as it sounded, he wanted to go home. He wanted Mycroft to come retrieve him.
A line formed at the center of John's brow in puzzlement. "Attention from your brother?"
He stroked the stiff, filthy dark curls, caked with dried blood and vomit, as well as something that could only be semen. Sherlock had soiled himself while confined within the suitcase, and the onslaught of foul smells emanating from him was almost too much to bear for Mycroft's delicate nose.
Sherlock pinched his eyes shut and tried hard to cover his face despite his bonds. The repellant memory of Mary Morstan's severed head laid out on the table caught up with him, and for a split second he wondered if it was still there. All the 'edible' parts had already been cut away, so there was no logical reason to keep it.
"And I salute your powers of observation!" the doctor snapped, angry and annoyed at the detective's need to gloat as well as his own shortcomings in the area.
The nurses reinserted the IV needle into a different vein a few inches from the previous site and hooked the younger Holmes to another saline bag. The cast on his right arm was found to be cracked but not so damaged as to require removal.
"Tomorrow, Will. Whatever you want."
Thank you.
If his friend could maintain a  constant running speed of twenty kilometres per hour, which equaled 5,6 metres per second, he would need approximately eighty seconds to reach the river.
The younger man's thoughts were but autumn leaves in a gust of wind. As Sherlock struggled to calm himself and get his bearings straight, he wished he could speak. He wished his eyesight were good enough to communicate through a notebook. He wished he had never followed John on this journey.
"Yes, I see. Very good."
"Why do people come here, John?"
The sun was beginning its lazy descent past the mountains, and the place was getting dark, helped all the more by the trees surrounding the cabin. John really wished he had thought to bring a torch. Or a penlight. Or even a cigarette lighter would have been better than nothing.
"Inbred mountain men?" John was flabbergasted by the mere idea. That kind of stuff didn't happen except in shoddy, low-budget horror movies, which he made a point of not watching.
"You should have alerted me," he continued, gripping the receiver to the point of whitening knuckles.
John countered by meeting his friend's thrusts, and their bodies came together in a series of fleshy slaps, interrupted only by occasional grunts and groans. Sherlock dug his long, thin fingers into the doctor's chest, feeling the hard muscle of his pectorals still present underneath the soft layer of fat, and John answered by grasping the detective's buttocks with equal ardour.
“What a stupid sounding username…” he muttered as he continued playing. Granted, he was finding it difficult to concentrate against his challenger. Perhaps it was from his squirrely sense of his surroundings from his time in the armed forces. Perhaps it was from living with someone as observant and vigilant as Sherlock. Either way, John was persistently distracted by others around him. He could have sworn he heard familiar voices. Or he was going insane… what inconvenient timing.
Trembling hands gripping the door frame until they were white, Mary hardly gave another thought before the flash of metal hurtled towards her. The arrow whistled past her ear and lodged itself deep into the dashboard, and Mary fought every instinct to bolt out of the rental car and run. She had no bearings here and whomever was attacking her would quickly run her down and find her. And kill her. Likely amongst several other things.
“Considering the people we’ve seen on this trip so far…” John suggested.
“Doesn’t he have that case tomorrow?” Mary asked. “I don’t mean to eavesdrop, but I could hear him discussing it with you.”
The wrinkle between the doctor's brows deepened further, and was beginning to resemble a coiled snake. Teeth clenched tightly together, he grabbed Sherlock's bicep and dragged him into the moderate privacy the small kitchenette offered.
Opening his eyes seemed to be both the easiest and most difficult thing to do, but he needed to know where he was. Whatever had happened, he was too stuck in the mental mire to take solace in his mind palace...
Eventually the aging giant gathered his weight off his son and struggled to his feet. He was getting old; there was no denying that. The thought of his eventual passing left him agitated every time. Who would lead the clan when he was gone? Three-finger? How would his reckless, impetuous son fare against the hordes of hostile Outsiders which threatened the family practically on a daily basis? A clan member always had to be on his guard nowadays. The Outsiders kept sending out their piggies, with their ridiculous hats and annoying little guns, believing they could best the clan. Fortunately most piggies they'd happened upon had been young men lacking in both wit and experience, thus making them easy prey.
"First thing?"
"Your erectile dysfunction only manifests when you attempt intercourse with a woman," Sherlock continued. "I'm right, aren't I?"
Once the water had done its job to alleviate the pain, Sherlock withdrew his hand and gingerly picked up the mug of tea which had survived the havoc. He did not reward John with as much as a glance in passing. The soft swish of silk as Sherlock padded back to his room was the only sound that could be heard.
John looked down as Sherlock easily worked the latex piece over his engorged organ. He caught the sight of several red marks in his peripheral vision and stared at them for a few seconds. The nips on his chest had been just enough to brand him, but only for a short while. Self-conscious and sensible, John preferred no marks at all, but if necessary liked these best. Though Sherlock could have cared less, he was considerate of his assistant.
The ward was quiet, save for the off-beat whoosh of a fan and the hissing and beeping of various machines designed to keep critical and unconscious patients alive. There was no laughter or chatter to be heard, either from the patients or the nursing staff. He might as well have entered a morgue.
The orthopedic surgeon voiced a weak protest. It was in clear violation of protocol to leave a reviving patient unattended, and no doubt the possibility of getting a lawsuit filed against the hospital had surfaced in his mind. Mycroft wondered if the man knew he was as easy to read as an open book.
They had a two-hour wait for their connecting flight at the JFK airport, and they spent most of the time playing Wordfeud on their respective smartphones. John ached to buy a bag of crisps or onion rings - just something to munch on to keep himself occupied - but then he remembered Sherlock's painful barbs about his expanding waistline and decided against it. Being short truly had its disadvantages. Every pound he put on was blaringly obvious, and for some reason it all congregated around his middle.
Sawtooth never lasted long, and this time was no exception. The clan leader finished with a grunt and lay limp atop his smaller charge, breathing heavily as he waited for his strength to return. Three-finger squirmed, more out of annoyance than actual distress.
"That's not fair, Sherlock. You were the one to pull away every time I tried to approach you."
Sherlock’s face contorted in frustration. This was not what he expected to be discussing during this botched vacation, and whatever his expectations had been for John’s reaction, this was not it.
Mycroft, now pleasantly buzzed, snorted at the transparency of the excuse. Sherlock's sole reason for joining Doctor Watson and the Morstan woman had been jealousy, pure and simple. Sherlock was in love with his assistant and abhorred at the idea of John spending quality time with someone else. And John Watson, the fool, had virtually no idea, as he'd demonstrated during their webcam chat a few days back.
"There must be another road leading to this place, probably from their 'nest'. They would not want to stash their spoils too far from where they live. Which suggests their home is within a mile of this place, probably less. We can find it, John. It must be accessible by car."
"I grabbed it when he carried me past a table," Sherlock explained. "And don't worry, I didn't have to smuggle it up my arse. Not that I couldn't." His voice once again became bitter. "At this point the pain is enough that I could cram a jam jar up there and not notice any difference."
“Well, no. But her car is.”
"Saw her alive...? We can't even be sure she's dead!" John objected.
“Tell me, Ms. Ferguson,” Sherlock addressed the woman as he and John exited the trailer. “Where was Sarah originally parked?”
Instead they had to make do with the scrawny whore. Sawtooth licked his row of serrated teeth and stomped toward his quarry.
Sherlock made a motion meant to represent a shrug, but the scraping of his skin against the sheets made him hiss from pain. John's weight atop his ribcage was not exactly helping matters along, but his partner needed this, and Sherlock wanted to oblige.
Even so, the dodge caused him to lose hold of the crowbar and it fell quite useless to the dirt. John barely gave the thing lumbering toward him much thought, save for the fact that it had been the same individual who had thrown the hatchet, and that it was coming right for him - and that from the brief sight of it, the creature was dreadfully ugly. John turned on his heel, nearly slipping, and ran for his life, his weapon forgotten.
John had been that combination of anxious and overjoyed, as though he were a virgin again. His hands accordingly fumbled, and he tripped in his own clothing as he disrobed during their brief foreplay. He chuckled bashfully at his small nervous mistakes and eagerly kissed and caressed, his approach romantic and intimate. As far as Sherlock could remember, the climax was amazing for his friend.
"That much be Rich," John said, more to himself than to Sherlock, but he was rewarded with another eye-roll anyway.
Mycroft raised a questioning eyebrow, face still impassive, but John could tell he was definitely more attentive now.
Sawtooth called out a second time, hoping perhaps a little naively that his eldest could hear his voice above the roaring din. Just as he thought he had lost him for good, he heard a splash far different from the current. A lumpy head popped up from the water and wiry arms clamped around a large rock in a grip of iron. The giant clan leader hurried as quickly as his cumbersome form could allow and stepped carefully onto the stones, arm outstretched to guide his waterlogged son onto dry land. Three-finger coughed and hacked up some river water but seemed otherwise unharmed. If anything, he seemed just as annoyed as his father that the plump Outsider had slipped from his grasp, and he picked up a stone within his reach and hurled it downriver.
"Are you still angry with me?" John asked cautiously, knowing that Sherlock's rage was much like a bubbling volcano, ready to erupt at any given time.
"Sherlock, that's enough," John warned his flatmate. "If you're having doubts, do us all a favour and remember that you were the one who wanted to come out here. It would probably be in your best interest to be somewhat civil. You're not in London anymore. These people - assuming we come upon any - are likely to have guns. As well as foul tempers."
"You're really tense..." the doctor said, his hands no longer simply applying the lotion, but kneading the long, thin muscles of Sherlock's torso. He admired the expanse of skin, creamy pale where it wasn't burnt red, unmarred by scars or blemishes. So unlike John himself. He thought about puckered scar tissue that still surrounded his bullet wound on both sides, and how it felt to touch it. He had sometimes witnessed ill-concealed shock and even disgust on certain women's faces, but his scarred body had never been an issue with the detective.
//East of Avalon//
A moment passed before Three-finger woozily lifted his head. He might have felt the pain of the impact had so many decades of his family's peculiar breeding not stunted his ability to feel pain, but he did taste the coppery blood pouring onto his lips from his nostrils. Within seconds, his tattered overalls were being wrenched off of his skinny frame. A familiar occurrence by now. He glanced at the whore, still chained where it sat, now acting as audience... and unwilling by the looks of it. Much to Three-finger's satisfaction, he could see that the head had not been removed from between the Outsider's thighs.
Stupid question, John realized, as he had seen with his own eyes last night what the inbred lunatics thought Sherlock was good for. The memory of his partner being violated by the biggest - and ugliest - of the mountain men, of  having to watch his unwilling body being used as an outlet for such animalistic urges made John's throat constrict painfully, and he had to stop for a moment to collect himself and choke back the anguished sobs which threatened to break free.
Bobbi still lingered outside, perhaps out of guilt over breaking into the trailer, perhaps out of respect for her dead friend. Or, John surmised, she had something to do with Sarah’s disappearance.
Sherlock, John and Mary arrive at Avalon nudist resort, WV.
The man made some vain attempts to kick him, but he failed to gain any leverage and thus his blows lacked the strength to do any damage. Sawtooth held his prey at eye level, letting his foul breath wash over the man's face. Briefly the patriarch toyed with the idea of tearing out the whore's full lips and consuming them before the eyes of him and his stout friend. He decided against it, thinking he might find a better use yet for those lips.
"Drink this," he advised and popped the can open, uncertain if Sherlock in his current state could have done it without spillage.
"What of the damage to his rectum?"
Sherlock was used to being the one who deduced people. “How did you - “
"This time it's not your fault," Mycroft admitted begrudgingly. "Usually when there are angry witches or warlocks banging at our door, it's because of you."
Sherlock realized how special hugs are.
Sherlock really didn't. Pubs were loud, filled with idiots under the influence of varying amounts of alcohol, and served food that was really not for the faint of heart.
"Yes," Sherlock said in a raspy voice. "God, yes."
I woke up alone. John was already in the shower, leaving me to struggle out of bed and search for life-sustaining coffee. I couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed that John hadn’t stayed in bed with me until I woke up.
Not that Gladstone loved him any less than she had adored Bill. She followed him everywhere, loyal to a fault. Sometimes, people would see her, a big German Shepherd, and remain at a cautious distance. They shied away from the danger of her, not seeing the danger of the soldier at her side. It was just as well they stayed away.
Sherlock surprised him by lapping at him through the material, quickly getting it slick with his saliva. John groaned, and Sherlock finally took pity on his groans and pulled the material off, throwing it somewhere in the room. John didn't much care as long as Sherlock's mouth remained where it was.
“You’re dreaming of something that happened to you in real life,” said John.
"Be well aware," Sherlock suddenly said. "Least suddaine mischiefe ye too rash provoke: The danger hid, the place unknowne and wilde."
"Forever," Sherlock said sleepily.
"A drinking game!" Lestrade said, nodding enthusiastically.
"I suppose you could," John said, a tad morosely.
Sherlock watched John walking away, obviously nursing an erection that made him limp ever so slightly and whimpered.
"Yes, I see you rather get my point on why that blood sample would be important," Sherlock said tersely. "Can we get with the program? I haven't got all day. Need to get my new assistant some things."
"J-john –" Sherlock panted, squirming.
Hello everyone! Sorry for taking so long to update. I've been trying to finish my PhD coursework and also finish up edits and such on published work. Everything is really busy! But soon it will be spring and my coursework will be done. We'll see how comps go, haha. Anyway, onward to the update!
Sherlock was silent, and John patted his side. "If you can't tell what I'm drawing, then you'll have to accept the consequences."
"It's the way you hold yourself, and the way you scan the area every so often, alert in a way Londoners usually aren't. You always know which ones are the most threat, and I see you pinpoint weaknesses every time you look someone over, even the ones that don't pose a threat. Your hair has grown out quite a lot, but I can see that it used to be military. Your boots, too."
“Ah, ah, none of that, sweetheart,” he said. “Legs over my shoulders now, there’s a lad.”
“That shield...” he rumbled. “You’re
"You promise?" John asked softly.
"Is that better?" John asked, and kissed the back of his hand.
“You’ll get no arguments from me,” Sherlock said.
Ordinary. John was anything but, as much as he liked to pretend.
c) Focus on the case!
"We only have four darts now!" Donovan said. "We have to get that one back."
“What are you doing in the lab, Wilkes?” Sherlock spat. “Don’t you have anything better to do? Such as leaving?”
"It happens naturally," John said. "Here, kiss me again."
"Romantically?" John pressed, arms tightening around him.
Before I could say a word, the rattle of the front door stopped me. My eyes widened again and John grimaced in dismay. We had spent so long trying to sort ourselves out that someone had come back and was at the door. I felt my heart drop. I had been so close to confessing, and I had been thwarted. Would I never get the chance to tell John how I felt?
"What about you?" John asked. "I spilled my guts."
John fitted their mouths together again, her hands in Sherlock's ridiculous hair. Slowly, Sherlock let themself relax into it, let John coax their mouth into the gentle push and pull of proper kissing. They shivered at the light brush of John's tongue over their lower lip and hesitantly put their hands on John's waist. Is this how it was properly done, then?
The figure said, “You will fail in your quest, Sir John!”
“I didn’t tell you my last name.”
"You've been awake for at least two days, I'm not letting you drive, you madman," John said fondly.
At least this latest verse had distracted John from his unfortunate reaction. Sherlock decided that this was a good tactic, and continued.
"Sherlock," Lestrade growled in frustration.
John grinned so widely that Sherlock was dazzled.
"You look divine," John said. "I am going to kiss you until you can't think anymore."
"What is it, Lestrade –" Sherlock snapped, but cut off the rest of what he was saying to listen. His frown grew deeper. "No, that's impossible."
"I'm not," Sherlock protested.
"Yo, Doc Watson!"
PS - I'm on Twitter, come see me! @TeaTestosterone
"But it was used," John continued, swallowing. "To butcher
"Fine," Sherlock said, bemused.
John clenched her fist in the front of Sherlock's shirt and stood on her tip-toes. Without any warning at all, John was
Sherlock forgot all about his experiment in favour of playing his instrument, the only one that allowed him to express himself clearly. But he was only able to express his feelings clearly now that John wasn't here to hear it. John couldn't find out about his feelings, because that could be the last straw that drove John away.
"John, stop that!" Sherlock said. "I'll really be in trouble if you knock the door down."
"I think there are pink suites available," John said.
John kept watching the telly, and Sherlock let out a huff of annoyance. He was about to open his mouth and demand John pay attention when John chuckled.
“Nice to meet you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“My ex-girlfriend,” John said. “Her mom’s recipe. It’s the best, you’ll see.”
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes, but there was nothing else to do. Lestrade went down first, and John had to bite his lip from automatically barking out an order to go faster. He was used to people moving faster than this in emergency situations. But this was not his jurisdiction, not really.
"Oh, Mycroft, good idea," John said.
"John..." he whined, grasping at John's shoulders.
"Noises?" John said in a low voice. "Noises are exactly what I want from you."
It was the major ones that were the problem, and from what Sherlock had observed of society, bed-sharing was a major event.
"John?" Sherlock asked blankly.
There was one good thing about being known as anti-social – it meant that no one thought it was out of the ordinary if you were rude, abrupt, or avoidant.
"It's my pleasure, miss..." John said.
"The empty vessel makes the loudest sound," Sherlock replied.
"The stars weren't staying in the sky where they belonged," Sherlock allowed, nodding.
John got a determined look on his face, and Sherlock pointedly put his hand in a pile of flour. This was war.
John’s cock slid over Sherlock’s hip and when Sherlock bucked up, finally came in contact with Sherlock’s aching length.
"Yes," Lestrade said.
Greg squinted at the figure and said, “Anderson?”
"John," Sherlock breathed, hips moving under his hands, pressing up.
Sherlock felt his cheeks growing warm and ducked his head. “Yes, I generally am.”
"Bi... bisexual?" Sherlock asked, mind racing. It wasn't a possibility they had considered, a terrible oversight on their part if that was the case. Why had they just assumed when John had never herself confirmed her heterosexuality? Saying she wasn't gay was one thing which didn't necessarily exclude Sherlock.
He looked down at his clawed front paw and realized that even if he could get down there, he couldn't hold onto a pen.
“I'll be on my way then,” John said.
“I rather suspect that she helped engineer this entire debacle,” said Mycroft, stroking his chin.
John didn't expect to see the mysterious man with the sharp cheekbones again. Even people who were nice to the homeless tended to forget that they existed once they were out of sight. John had told the strange man about Len's conversation, and Posh Bloke had dashed off, without saying thank you, but not without tossing several ten quid notes at John's face.
His jaw began to ache, and he felt tears force their way past his eyelids. The tears weren't from happiness, or from sadness, but simply from the effort he was putting into the act of fellatio. He half-choked on John's cock, and he enjoyed it.
The jumper was surprisingly soft.
“So sure, John,” Sherlock said. “More sure than anything else, even deductions.”
"Nothing can distract me from my goal of freedom," Sherlock proclaimed with a glare.
"Yes, I want to look in the mirror, but obviously I can't do that, so a photo is the next best option," Sherlock said.
Sherlock nodded, showing John the map with the circle on it.
Sherlock was drunk.
Sherlock gritted their teeth and made another cut. And another, and another, frantic, hands trembling as they sheared away their long hair.
"Oh," Sherlock said.
"We could just get take-out," Sherlock suggested.
“Sleep,” he instructed again, firmly.
"She's a PTSD therapy dog," Sherlock answered smoothly. "For a veteran wounded in the field."
Their hair tie snapped.
Sherlock knew what he was doing and folded himself so that his knees were up near his ears. His legs were spread, and John could see everything, his half-hard cock, his cute bollocks, and his arse, still red from his earlier punishment.
Sherlock wished they could give John what she wanted. The heavy-duty sports bra was acting as a breast binder of sorts, however, and Sherlock felt a lurch of discomfort in their stomach at the thought of removing it.
John shifted slightly, and our bodies slotted together closer. Galaxies colliding, stars hot and blazing, blood rushing through my veins. It was everything.
“And let me guess, Sherlock doesn’t care about that, whatever he wants is too important for silly things like rules,” Lestrade said.
John started laughing uproariously.
“Scuse me, gents, someone called?”
That's when he heard something from inside. It was a weird sound, muffled. Suspicions raised, John grabbed the nearest solid object – a heavy book end – and flung the door open, fully prepared to rescue Sherlock from whoever was possibly holding him captive.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Let me guess, we're going to skip having a proper breakfast to go haring off after a murderer," John said with a sigh.
Considering past experience, Sherlock wasn't going to make any bets.
John stopped and stared, and just when Sherlock was certain he was about to be kicked out of the flat, he grinned.
Shower finished, I came to the realization that all my clothes were in the main room. Damn. I wrapped a towel around my waist and as nonchalantly as possible, entered the main room. John glanced up, and then did a double take at my undressed state. I felt myself flush, and quickly found my clothes. John, seeming to realize he was staring, looked down again. I could breathe again.
“There has to be a way,” Sherlock said. “Every spell has a way to reverse it.”
John sighed, kneeling down to give Sherlock a boost. Why did he allow Sherlock to talk him into mad ventures like this one?
John and the dragon stared at each other for about two seconds before the dragon suddenly coughed and spat out the naga’s head.
"Fine!" John said. "I'll eat it all myself!"
John groaned and thrust up against Sherlock, grinding his cock against Sherlock's arse. This wasn't going to take long at all. All he could imagine was his cock slipping between Sherlock's bright pink cheeks, rubbing himself all over the flesh he'd painted red with the crop.
Sherlock hoped that John would be too busy massaging to notice how red Sherlock's face had gotten at having John on top of them. They were so worried over that issue that they didn't even notice John had started until they felt John suddenly put pressure on their back to release tension.
“No,” John laughed. “Not much time to go flirt when I have all this coursework and such to do. What about you? Girlfriend?”
Sherlock hid his face against John's chest to hide his face. John sighed and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's back.
The haircut did look very good on the model, who also had sharp features, like Sherlock. The model was wearing a turtleneck, and Sherlock thought to themself that while turtlenecks weren't their sort of thing, perhaps a long coat with a good collar would be nice.
"You don't have to worry she'll ever do anything to hurt anyone or get in the way," John said quickly. "She's a well-trained service dog. She saw combat in Afghanistan – nothing rattles her."
I understood the logic behind this gesture, but it was still making my head spin a little to have John close enough that I could smell the shampoo he used.
"I... I... y-yes?" Sherlock said hesitantly.
John hummed as he put on the kettle and puttered around the kitchen looking for the cocoa mix. Sherlock knew exactly where it was, but John found it without his help. To his surprise, when John brought it over, there was a candy-can sticking out of the marshmallow foam.
"It's more realistic," Sherlock said with a sniff.
John sighed. "Of course you are, Sherlock. We've been over this."
John ran the leather tip over the curve of Sherlock's arse, and Sherlock wiggled. John heard a low whimper from Sherlock's throat, and reached out with his hand to knead his supple flesh. It was hot to the touch, and Sherlock squirmed even more. No doubt his arse was burning by this point.
When John finally gave him two fingers, he cried out in esctasy.
Sherlock watched in fascination as John pulled his trousers down over his hips and squirmed as John leaned down to nose at Sherlock’s erection through his pants. Sherlock panted, and his hands automatically went down to grasp at John's head, burying his fingers in John's short-cropped hair. John groaned, a sound that came from deep in his chest and rumbled out like a growl.
Gladstone put her ears forward as if on alert and chased him close on his heels as he rushed down the stairs. He struggled with the lock, got the door open, and stopped. It was cold out, the night air of London chilling and damp. He wasn't wearing his layers of clothes, and even his face felt oddly cold after its shearing.
The next day, the two of them were back out at NSY, watching as Sgt. Donovan interrogated the suspect they had apprehended the previous day. Sherlock was still walking a bit funny, and his scarf didn't cover up all the marks John had left up and down his neck.
"Why not?"
He hadn't done much roleplay before, but luckily, not only did he know a lot about the army, but he also knew a lot about what Sherlock liked. Apparently, one thing he liked was army men, which is something that John felt should have been obvious, but something he'd missed. He'd have to test this out and see.
C) Take your own car
Lestrade and Sherlock eventually managed to snipe at each other long enough that they reached some sort of agreement. Sherlock agreed he would come look at the crime scene as long as he could bring his own assistant, and Lestrade agreed he would keep Anderson (whoever that was) off the case, but made no promises about Donovan (even more mysteriously).
For all he was strange, he was an exquisite creature. John watched him approach and wondered what this posh bloke could possibly want from a couple of veterans.
Most people must think that I’m a cold person, a person who doesn’t feel emotions. And I cultivate that idea within people because while I do feel, I actually hate feelings. I have an aversion to feeling every single thing that happens. I don’t like talking about it and I find it excruciating to have any conversation at all that’s related to feelings. I never want people to know that I feel, and feel deeply. It hurts too much.
Sherlock hadn't decided whether he was going to pull off or not when John spurted down his throat. He tasted more bitter than Sherlock had been expecting, but he accepted the offering nonetheless.
"Very dashing," the hairdresser said, holding up a mirror for Sherlock to see the back. "What do you think?"
"Oh, I don't know," John said, reaching behind Sherlock and pinching his arse before he could say a thing about his deductions to Lestrade.
Mycroft both wanted Nasim to hurry up as well as to postpone the inevitable. He took a seat in one of the uncomfortable plastic visitors' chairs and suddenly felt a dire need for a cup of strong, black coffee, awful though it was in this region. Lunch was still several hours away, and he needed something to sustain him until then. It was tantalizing to head down to the cafeteria and order something high-calorie and sugary from their appetizing if somewhat limited menu, but Mycroft did not want to sabotage his diet, not when he'd finally managed to reach his target weight after so many years of carrying excess pounds. He could resist whatever cravings that came over him. The ability to do that was what always separated him from his brother.
Sawtooth reached for the whore's head, his massive hand easily covering the sweating face. The whore whimpered, vivid blue eyes glazed and watery and white skin flushed and glistening. Feeling the shudder beneath his palm pleased him like nothing else, and for a moment he wanted to cut into the outsider's cheek just to lick the dripping blood from the gash. But even that small amount of blood loss would take the whore closer to death all the sooner. Still, he could have some fun with his plaything without having to spill blood.
"A book wouldn't cover all of it," Sherlock replied, opening the closet door. "And despite my opinion towards Miss Morstan, I can assure you she didn't leave you for being a twat."
“Pesky doesn’t begin to describe him,” John admitted. “We questioned the client and, uhh…” He lowered his voice on the slight chance that the men in the sauna could hear him, however slight that chance might be. “Investigated her trailer.”
Night had fallen completely now. Lights flickered in the windows of the cabin, perhaps oil lamps. John heard nothing from Sherlock or the criminals at this distance, but it did not matter. His resolve was made of steel, after all. Fists clenched, he stood up from behind the hiding place, taking a step forward.
Sherlock shut his eyes. "I wanted to leave. But I wanted the drugs more," he finally admitted. "And part of it was because Mycroft didn't approve. I wanted to be spiteful, to anger him. And..." He paused, eyes still closed. Perhaps he hated seeing the possible look on John's face in response to the truth.
"Enough," Sherlock said, pulling the other man away from him so they could look one another in the eyes. Though tears poured freely down John's face, he stared into nothing, eyes wide and color drained from his face.
"Sherlock, will you be able to walk?" John asked, placing his arm around the detective's back to encourage him to stand up.
"Sherlock, no! Don't drink that!" he snapped. "It could be bad for you."
Sherlock immediately wanted to throw up, but a massive hand clamped over his lips. The smallest hunter held him down with its own weight to keep the young detective from struggling. He felt himself back in the same place only hours before, about to be poisoned and choked by the giggling maniac. This time he found himself unable to vomit, perhaps from the plain and terrible fact that he was far too hungry and weak to be sick from a mouthful of human flesh. Instead he chewed. He hated it but he chewed, feeling the juices crawl down his throat.
human.
"Who is paying for your little trip then? Mycroft?" he asked. He knew very well that due to his impulsive and often rash nature, Sherlock did not have access to any large amounts of money at a time. Mycroft had long since managed his younger brother's finances.
John's heart made an extra beat when he was informed by a nurse that he had a message waiting for him, happy to finally be acknowledged by Sherlock's condescending windbag for a brother, but also terribly anxious about the contents of the message. Though Mycroft's continued presence in the US was likely to mean good news, there was a nagging voice in the back of John's head that kept telling him Mycroft was staying simply to have Sherlock's body prepared for transport.
"Mr. Sherlock Holmes is this way, sir," Nasim said, opening the door to a room with the number 462. A wad of paper which he presumed to be Sherlock's surgical journal was in a slot on the wall next to the door.
The doctor clicked the video call button and waited. And waited. And still waited. Though he was fully aware of the time difference, this was still a difference between the morning and five hours from it. Mycroft would be busy "saving the world" and "leading Britain", but at least he would not be sleeping.
"You are not to mention this again unless I bring it up first," he continued, fixing his assistant with a steely glare. "Understood?"
She was spared offering an awkward apology when one of the Americans suddenly voiced the discovery of something in the newly exhumed grave.
“Where are you going?” Sherlock asked incredulously.
Damn it all, why did this even happen in the first place? If Watson had not gone on this damnable holiday...
TBC...
If John failed to get Sherlock out alive, he had absolutely no doubts about his own fate at the hands of Mycroft Holmes. He would be, quite literally, a dead man regardless if he got away from these cannibals if Sherlock did not.
"Survives his other injuries," Mycroft finished the doctor's statement for him. There was more; that he also knew. He had caught a glimpse of Sherlock's swollen, lacerated anus when the younger man - at the time presumed to be deceased - was lifted out of the suitcase, and the sight would most likely haunt him forever.
"I'm sorry, sir," Bening interrupted callously. "But you mustn't touch the body. It's evidence now."
still
The woman did not even make three steps before she hit the ground. She looked up to identify her approaching attackers, but already her vision was fading. She could only see three shadows.
Mycroft lingered, scanning the area. He knew hope was a foolish thing to have, but he could not shake the feeling that something was here. Something that somehow even he was missing. If only he could come to his damn senses and get past the exhaustion and bleariness of the liquor and empty stomach. About to turn and join the people urging him to the helicopter, he gave the disturbed soil one final look.
TBC...
"They offered free breakfast!" the doctor muttered stubbornly, although he was starting to suspect that his choice of lodging had indeed been really poor.
"Are you… are you badly hurt, Sherlock?" John asked tentatively, already knowing that his friend was injured, just not to what degree. A cock practically the size of a tree trunk had been forcibly shoved into his body with barely any lubrication. In the best case scenario, the bleeding was caused by a minor tear. In the worst case scenario, Sherlock was currently hemorrhaging to death.
Happy birthday
It was such a petty revenge, and it really set John's jaw grinding. What kind of person would force someone into an uncomfortable situation, especially one they weren't used to?
Sherlock actually made them walk back to Baker street from the crime scene, his arse was still so sore from earlier. John couldn't help but smirk, because no one walking by them would ever guess that the two upright British men had just engaged in some very kinky BDSM play. And even if they did, no one would suspect that John was the dominant one, not with his mild appearance and Sherlock's domineering ways.
"You just divorced Mary," Sherlock pointed out.
The bothersome alpha was apparent from all the way down the block. John clenched his fists in anticipation and strode down the street as if he was going to a stand-off in the old west. The other alpha didn't notice him right away. But when he noticed John, he
John leaned down and kissed him sloppily, panting against Sherlock’s mouth. As he did, he pushed forward slowly, and Sherlock dug his heels into John's back as John's cock stretched him even further. By the time he John had entered him fully, slowly thrusting his way in, they were both drenched in sweat.
Apparently, umbrellas were impossible to mime. John had no idea what he meant. Also, sleek black cars were also hard to get across. Finally, in frustration, Sherlock held his hands in front of his belly and made the shape of a large belly.
Sherlock had almost given up on opening matchboxes, because it had become tedious. He'd just get John to do it later, now that he'd determined that nothing out of the ordinary was happening here.
"I thought we'd work it out later," Sherlock said airily. "Come on, John, there's a case to solve!"
Sherlock's cheeks darkened, and he stuttered, "Y-you think so?"
"Ah, ah, ah, none of that, Private," John scolded him, and added a spank to the end of his admonition.
“Pre-med,” John said, although Sherlock already knew that.
John kissed his shoulder again, and down, pressing down his back, criss-crossing his spine. Sherlock waited in confusion for John to explain what was happening, because this was the last thing he'd expected.
"It hurts," Sherlock said petulantly.
"What?" John asked, getting down beside him.
"Anyway," Sherlock continued. "There's possibly some blood on that grate over there, I need a sample to test if it's human."
And there was that "chummy" type word again to dash his feelings like a splash of cold water down the back of his neck. How Sherlock hated how John felt the need to constantly redefine their relationship as nothing more than friendly.
They lay there like that for a long time, not moving, simply existing, and Sherlock felt at peace. John didn't make any excuses or try to tell him that he wasn't gay, which is what Sherlock had been expecting from the moment he had woken up.
"I can admit to being selfish," Sherlock said. "I want you to solve crimes with me. I'm already brilliant, you know, but with you, I think I could be better."
"You think I can't smell you just as well as you can smell me?" Sherlock asked. "It's horrible, and it's making me want to do all sorts of things that friends really shouldn't be thinking of each other."
"Of course, darling," John said, and immediately pulled his jumper and t-shirt off as one.
Sherlock got up and went over to the pile of matchboxes he'd been examining the night before.
John smacked him again, palm open, and the sound echoed in the otherwise quiet room. Outside, the cars went by, and next door the television was playing, but John was concentrating on the way Sherlock's flesh moved as his hand impacted, and the way he could see his handprint left behind on pale skin.
"Sword."
"Getting warmer, Holmes," John said. "But a punishment can't be something you'd like to do anyway."
He forced the words out as fast as he could, scared that he wouldn't remember them all, or that they would get stuck in his throat and become jumbled.
Sherlock did as he was told, cheeks still pink as he got into the position. He looked back over his shoulder, and John smiled crookedly at him before moving. He pulled the little tiny shorts down his thighs, exposing Sherlock's arse. Sherlock whimpered and John smirked.
John's stomach was fairly muscular, which Sherlock had long suspected – but it was one thing to suspect something and then be presented with solid evidence. Sherlock goggled as John threw the jumper over the edge of Sherlock's bed. John grinned and then loomed over them, and Sherlock whined as all of John's surprisingly soft skin came into contact with their own.
He could tell this was a transparent attempt on John's part to find out more about his past. He would let him ask, in the hopes that maybe this would bridge some of the cavernous gap that had grown between them in his absence. John could have just asked, like a normal person. But of course, he had to pretend it was a game in order to actually do it.
Neither of them expected glitter to explode everywhere, but mostly all over Sherlock, who sputtered in surprise and then sneezed.
John raised his eyebrows. "I don't see a sign that says so. I don't even see a sign that says this bench is the property of your store. Probably because it isn't. It's city property."
“There’s only one,” I said slowly.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, unable to think of a single thing to say that wasn’t John’s name.
"So you know that he has a stolen credit card already," John said.
John pulled Sherlock's body tight against his own, and it was warm, and soft, and it made Sherlock relax all over. It was such a nice feeling, and he sighed and snuggled into it, crossing his arms overtop of John's to hold them in place.
Just as well. They might want to use them again.
"No, no, no, lemme see," John insisted.
"Fine!" Sherlock said. "I'll experiment somewhere else."
"O-of course!" Sherlock stuttered. They had no time to be relieved that John wasn't annoyed at Sherlock's refusal to remove their bra, because John was thumbing one of their nipples through the cotton fabric. They gasped and arched their back in pleased surprise.
"Safeword!" John reminded him, before leaving the room again.
Gladstone followed right at his heels, and John brought up the rear.
Other students at the university thought Sherlock was anti-social.
“You understand?” Sherlock asked hopefully.
There was nothing for it, John would just have to continue as he had been doing, and hope that Sherlock would figure it out soon.
They broke apart, panting hard. John hovered over him, because somehow in the act of kissing, Sherlock had ended up flat on his back on John's bed. He felt a thrum of energy rush through him. This wasn't over, not by a long shot.
Sherlock grabbed his arm, and a moment later, John was dragged down to the floor next to him. Sherlock made a grumbling noise, pulling John closer by the front of his jumper. He buried his nose in John's shoulder and promptly fell back asleep. This left John with a very determined detective attached to him, and refusing to let go.
The thing was, they wouldn't mind the long hair so much if people didn't think that long hair automatically signalled being female. In fact, sometimes they liked the long hair, and liked wearing cute feminine clothing. But the other half of the time, Sherlock could hardly stand it.
"Just try and make me!" Sherlock snarled, accidentally splashing even more boiling water over the marble floor.
I'm back! It was a rough three weeks. I just started a new job, so I was just learning the ropes. This is the first weekend I've had that wasn't completely hectic.
Sherlock threw his hands up in the air. How long would he be stuck only being able to quote Shakespeare in order to communicate? This was quickly becoming maddening. John was no help at all, as Sherlock hadn't been able to convey to him that there was a problem.
"Please don't," John said, and buried his face in his hands.
"John," Sherlock whined. "John, I'm going to..."
Sherlock blushed hotly and stammered, "Well, since it's – it's you... I... wouldn't be. Opposed. To such a thing taking place. Eventually."
Biting his lip, Sherlock clambered across John's lap. John reached up and pressed down on his arse, so that Sherlock was lying across his legs. Sherlock's erection rubbed against his thigh and John grinned as Sherlock surreptitiously tried to put more pressure on his aching cock.
"That's the problem," Sherlock said. "If you can't resist, then how do I know you're telling the truth?"
His eyes fell on Sherlock, and Sherlock waited for John to decide, even after all this time expecting to be rejected and sent back downstairs. At least he'd tried, he tried to pre-emptively console himself.
"But John –"
Sherlock shrugged. At least it wouldn't be Les Miserables, which Mycroft had taken their parents to last Christmas season.
"I'm good, I promise," Sherlock said.
"Ocean," Sherlock finished, because that's what John's eyes looked like.
Sherlock's eyes were becoming glazed over, and John would bet anything he was high as a kite on endorphins. He was also flooded with arousal, which made John's cock throb in sympathy. Soon this would be over, and then they could both come.
Sherlock had no idea where most of his clothes had ended up. John picked up a fluffy blanket off the end of his bed and tossed it to Sherlock. Sherlock stared at it.
John's distrust of the ordinary people of London had only increased over time. The general prejudice shown to the city's homeless, John included, had shown him the true character of London's denizens.
Bah humbug indeed, Sherlock thought. He had better things to do than go to an uncomfortable Christmas party and drink rum and eggnog. He was certain Molly and Lestrade barely liked him anyway.
A) Bed-sharing
"Fine," Sherlock said, crossing his arms. "What then?"
"I don't think it is," Posh Bloke said, and lifted the door.
Sherlock made another sound, too desperate to be called a whine, and hung up.
"What now?" whispered Sherlock.
“Do you have a true love?” Sherlock asked sarcastically. “Not everyone does, and I assure you, I do not. Besides, you’re out of luck. Women are not really... my area.”
"Fuck," Sherlock said, as the intensity ratcheted up. "Fuck, yes, John,
“Come on, you,” John said, and he smiled so softly, that for a moment Sherlock was certain that he was still dreaming.
"John, this is too easy –"
Then, he went into his room and closed the door.
"Careful," said Posh Bloke, and slipped onto the barstool beside him. "I see you recognize our friend the bartender."
"Ob – obviously," Sherlock groaned.
Mrs. Hudson arrived first, and immediately came to fuss over Sherlock. "Oh, you look a treat, doesn't he, John?"
"John, you've proven your point, just..." Sherlock panted.
"We should play charades," said Mummy, bustling into the kitchen.
Then, John climbed into one side of the bed (Sherlock's mind shied away from calling it "his" side, as it implied that Sherlock had a "side" in John's bed), turned over, and sighed as he settled in for the night.
Sherlock found the bourbon, and two glasses, although seeing as the only two clean receptacles he could find were a teacup and a shotglass, he thought they might be in for an interesting night. John came back and poured them both some bourbon without commenting on his choice of cup. He sat by Sherlock on the couch, opened the safety kit, and took the closest of Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock didn't really remember most of the ride back to Baker street, just that John let Sherlock rest his head on John's shoulder and that his fingers carding through Sherlock's hair felt rather nice. The next thing he knew, he was in his own bed, and somehow miraculously dressed in pyjamas.
“See you later,” John echoed.
“I - I - “ Sherlock stuttered incoherently.
time John!), or climbed a mountain, but he had once eaten worms to stop his sister from going fishing. Sherlock, on the other hand, strategically used the fact he knew that John had a doctorate, had been to Kandahar (Pakistan is close to Afghanistan, but doesn't count, I said specifically Kandahar and not the Middle East, John), and had played rugby in university against him.
John opened his mouth and tried to say something. He coughed, and the nurse leaned over to get a cup from his bedside table. Water returned his ability to speak, however he didn't know what to say.
“Sherlock,” John said. “I mean it, is this all right? Only, I don’t want to do anything you don’t want.”
"I didn't mean that," John said softly. "I'm sorry I ever said it."
"John, there's someone outside my door who won't go away," Sherlock said.
Sherlock frowned. That wasn't what he'd been intending to say at
"You don't want to marry me still, do you?" Sherlock asked fretfully. "Only, I'm not very much interested in people of the female persuasion."
John stroked him twice this time, and Sherlock shuddered and spread his legs more. John wrote out an equation on Sherlock's stomach.
John pinched his nipple and Sherlock yelped and protested, "But it is stars! I'm sure –"
"You're brilliant, you know that?" John asked. "You can work cases without even speaking."
He let up for a moment and felt Sherlock's arse, squeezed it in his palms, felt the heat of his marked-up skin. Sherlock whined, but John could see his erection between his legs, bobbing in time with each strike.
He couldn't do this, not with Sherlock's laissez-faire approach to budgeting. He wanted to argue, but was so acutely aware that he owed Sherlock, and if he complained enough, could very well end up on the street again.
So sorry this took so long! I know, I keep saying that I'll write it faster. I really will try to finish this up. I'm really enjoying writing it when I can get the time.
"I... Is this okay?" John asked. "I don't want to do anything you don't want."
"Good," John said, and slapped the crop against his outstretched palm.
Gladstone stopped mid-bound and bolted back to his side immediately. She kept pace with him as they both made their way to Sherlock's side. Lestrade looked them both over.
"Then he will probably be scarred for life and never do it again," Sherlock said, smiling.
"Right," John said. "Shall we... ah, shall we play a game?"
“Sally! Of course. How remiss of me,” Mrs. Hudson grabbed Sherlock’s sleeve and dragged him forward. “Soo-Lin Yao, this is Sherlock Holmes. His mother is a friend of mine, and he’s a botanist.”
John reached out to reciprocate. Sherlock’s hand engulfed his even before John’s arm was fully extended; John had insufficient time to prepare himself for the contact.
"It sounds very scientific indeed."
“I do.”
“She did. We had orders—the siege of Agra. We were sent to relieve it, and she knew. I didn’t tell her, but she knew. Her father, maybe. She told the opposing force, and they destroyed our regiment.”
"Animals come first," was all he said, not quite suppressing a smile.
“He doesn’t usually shy?” he asked.
“You’re getting blood all over your notebook.”
The theme song is “Talk Dirty to Me” by Poison. Yes, I was a child of the eighties. No, I cannot decide whether these theme songs should be funny or evocative. Do me a favour and don’t put them together in a playlist unless you want musical whiplash. Or suggest a better song, I’m all ears. LMK if you find the Easter egg.
“I wonder if anybody in the world is awake but me," thought John, feeling a sickening loneliness.  "If I only had Eva here!  I wonder where she is.  I wonder if they gave her any supper."
“It can’t just have catapulted on to the fire from nowhere.” John added.
He stretched his arms over his head and stretched out. Through his slitted eyes he could see John watching him hungrily, and he smiled.
“I will.”
John, for a moment, was not sure that he had not hurt Sherlock’s feelings, and yet he was sure that his assessment of Sherlock’s cigar experiment was not incorrect. It was not science, but a humbug upon which to displace his feelings—of inadequacy about their inability to find reason or rhyme behind the recent pattern of events, most likely, as well as his unresolved sexual needs.
As they slogged through the last thick band of spruce trees towards the swamp, Sherlock watched John out of the corner of his eye. He had settled, though not completely, and his mind was on getting home rather than the mysterious frequency of squirrel bones.
Everything that happens in this chapter is consensual. I hope I've made that clear enough. If you're uneasy about "medical" situations turning sexual you might want to skip this chapter. Also, Sherlock is still having flashes of shame about his erections.
need companionship.”
John found himself in the horrible position of being amused, aroused, and terrified all at once. Was this Sherlock, who feared bears, putting his body and life in danger to protect John's animals? He could not quite believe it.
“I’d rather eat carnivorous plants, I think. Or at least see them. Let’s go!”
“Sure.”
Sherlock squeaked. There was no other word for it, a high-pitched noise that must have originated in the base of his belly.
“Those traditions are very fine, John. They are not what you’re used to, but the Lestrades are good, solid people.”
They found nothing in the southeastern ravine, neither that day nor in the week that followed, and while Sherlock’s observations did not cease, their collective nervousness ebbed, just a little.
“Your… what’s a coprolite, when it’s at home?”
“I finished the potatoes.”
“Impossible.” Sherlock’s face went comically still.
“You think so because you've never seen the bottom,” John said, “but about ten yards down this side, the trees peter out, and all there is left is broken rock. Richards’ Brook turns into a waterfall just to the west there, and it’d be a hard landing. Also, there are bears at the bottom-they like the caves at the base of the cliffs.”
That night he recorded the calves' names in his journal: Alice and Louise. He'd go to Bonne Chere tomorrow, if the crust was good for sleighing; he needed tea, sugar, thread, ink and flour. It would deplete his purse a good bit for now, but the sale of the extra calf would fill it up again, and he’d been living on a lean supply of food for too long.
"You're not serious." Sherlock smiled.
When he arrived, Sherlock was standing in a copse of trees looking up. John could, once again, see nothing.
For the first time Sherlock considered the link between his overwhelming physical symptoms and the emotions he had been experiencing. John seemed to be the common denominator to them both: Sherlock knew he had not been so miserable physically until he and John had been close in the bed after that cold, cold walk. He tried to summon up the images of that night; his brain eagerly obliged, replicating the movement of John’s body, his scent, the sound of his breathing.
“Not on the way out. And it was dark for cutting on the way back.”
“Dimmock.”
“It doesn’t matter, really,” Lestrade said.
To think was to act, and, leaving the kitchen as it was, Sherlock seized a collecting bag and a notebook and stepped into the bright sunshine. He scanned the barnyard, knowing that if Harry or even Clara saw him the jig would be up immediately. Thankfully, John had pastured them out behind the barn to the south, and so the coast was clear.
John ached.
"Um," John flushed, "I do have to at least bleed the bear."
"I haven't agreed to take him."
“Might not be safe,” he said. “And we have chores, too.”
John waited for her to continue, but she turned abruptly and went towards the cabin. He followed, wrongfooted.
In fact, John was holding it all inside him. Boys did not cry, especially boys that were almost thirteen, and even though his father lay dead before him John would not break. The Lestrades were watching; he knew that his behaviour today would determine his future, and he would not have his beloved father shamed by it.  He stood straighter, and hoped the line would end soon.
John didn’t even blink at the arrangements, although I frowned as I put down my luggage. It was a king sized bed, so there was plenty of room. However, just the implications had my heart beating double time.
"Lucky you," Sherlock replied. "What kind of texts?"
John was being so reasonable about it that Sherlock snapped, “"Could not all hell afford you such a devil?"
"You're not the only one getting a good wash," Sherlock said dryly.
Sherlock groaned with each movement, pumping his hips to meet the thrust of John's fingers.
"You just hang on, now," John said. "I've got you."
Sherlock reluctantly attends the ballet.
Sherlock simply nodded, and he was taken up to where everyone was watching telly in the lounge, among them, Mr. Fielding.
"Try it out with
Sherlock slammed the door of Mycroft's black car and rushed up to the door of 221b. Once he'd decided, he'd harassed his brother into returning him at once. Sherlock climbed the stairs gleefully, because he hadn't told John yet that he was coming back.
"You didn't have them... before," John said slowly. "Did you."
He'd loved that dog, and there were six tiny Redbeards looking at him through the glass.
"It's these confounded hormones," said Sherlock, gulping around the saliva filling his mouth. "All I would like to do is open this door."
"What is it?" John asked. "Do you have something?"
"And you've chosen to go with a spanking as your due punishment. Good choice, Private."
Sherlock drank his tea, glancing over at John every so often. He couldn’t help it, John was endlessly fascinating. It wasn’t even a question of wanting to know more about him. It was that he
"Don't come out until you're clean enough to do surgery," Sherlock instructed through the door.
Ugh, it was Chantelle, going by John’s stance.
"Well, don't be."
Well. There was that settled.
Sherlock tried to tell John that his repeated actions of dating insipid women would only end in tragedy, but what he said was, "The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind."
Sherlock followed John around their dorm room, watching as John made scrambled eggs and toast. It almost didn't seem real to them, the fact that John was here, making them breakfast after spending the night with Sherlock. Sherlock had never actually expected that to happen. Every single time John went past them, she put a hand on their head or touched their shoulder. Sherlock startled the first few times, but they were already getting used to it.
He was utterly shocked when John's lips touched his shoulder where one scar wrapped up and around. Sherlock shuddered, and John stopped.
“Yes, I figure that we’re safe to search the room now,” he said. “But that’s not what we should be talking about right now, is it.”
"It was in his things that got taken, along with his insulin," John said. "So who took that? Did they mean to kill him or not?"
Now, the government official's daughter, Alice Vernier was supposed to be here with her girlfriend Dana, but she and Dana had broken up just before the retreat. Alice was attending alone.
