thing is starting to make a bit more sense,” John looks up from under his lashes and grins mischievously. “Is my head going to end up in the fridge? I have to be honest, that's
John's wide eyes blink and then narrow and his tongue swipes nervously over his lips as his strong body makes an awkward shift to angle away. He is muttering something about knickers or jumpers or
“Yeah. Listen, I know that you minties like to take a field trip down here to the frontlines and see how we slum it, like it's some sort of holiday - but surgery and post-op are strictly off limits.”
Sherlock exhales shakily and his body sags with relief but he doesn't move away. He is slumped forward and his head is nearly pressed against John's stomach. John watches the peaks of his shoulder blades beneath his blue robe, set in contrast to the smooth curve of his back as they rise and fall with each heaving breath. He wants to reach down and curl comforting arms around him, rub soothing circles into his skin until all that tension uncoils, and watch him unfurl and just be in his skin as he had that night, but he's not sure if additional physical contact would make things better right now and he's definitely not certain if it'd be welcome.
He caresses the tip gently and firmly strokes down the length, attempting to fill it out to its maximum girth and length. He shudders; momentarily distracted from his pursuit of data by John’s hand sweeping over his nipple then down over his bare hip and thigh. It’s too much. He wasn’t prepared for this.
will provide the pivotal clue in understanding his current state. He closes his eyes and in his mind tries to trace back the thread connecting the sensation of arousal to a moment last night
“Have a pleasant stay, Victor.” Sherlock holds up the call button and puts on a menacing smile. “I look forward to never hearing from you again.” He turns and swiftly leaves, the sounds of Victor's grunts of protest quieted by the snap of the door behind him.
to it… Crime scene… telling Mycroft to sod off… dinner… a good run through the streets and across the rooftops of London chasing after a serial killing cabbie…”
He had been expecting to see John all through yesterday, around every corner and at every arranged location. As the day went on he was filled with a rising tide of longing to see the man; the yet invisible force driving his odyssey. It had always been there;
It's on him, then. He has to take command. The universe has finally done him a good turn and he doesn't plan to waste it. He must focus.
John's fingers slowly venture out into the space between them. Sherlock pulls in a breath as warm, calloused fingers touch his cheek softly and trail back towards his ear.
“People are definitely going to talk,” Sherlock whispers in a voice that has gone deeper, but still quivers slightly. He takes a shaky breath and shifts downward to press his ear over John's heart.
The choice of jumper for today is particularly offensive. Sherlock hadn't thought it possible to hate a piece of clothing so vehemently. He searches for a proper name for the colour of it - a muted grayish-blue, like dirty dishwater. Its pathetic existence does no justice to the strong frame it loosely clings to. The fact that it obscures Sherlock's assessment of the body beneath, that it is working to detract from what should be on display for all to admire, and that it gets to lazily drape itself around John, when Sherlock
"You're here?" Sherlock is grateful for the harsh edge of accusation in his tone that disguises his confusion and alarm.
Chasing bad guys and laughter at crime scenes, tea and yelling at crap telly, takeaway and violin, mind blowing deductions and astounding lack of common sense... a thousand amazing things that an ordinary life can't possibly compare to. He knows that Sherlock does not feel the same and probably never will, but all Sherlock's questions these past eleven days have made things very clear for John. He's been trying so hard to box up and categorize what they are into something easily understood, as if it must have some known definition, but now he has come to see that all that is
My mind flies back to Sherlock standing alone in the window of our flat and those hauntingly beautiful notes pouring down over me.
“I know, I know, they’re awful.” John starts to pull his hands away, ashamed that all he has left to offer Sherlock is scarred and mangled imperfections. John's movement brings Sherlock hurtling back to himself. At that moment, the idea of not touching John’s hands is an abomination to him. He slides his own larger hands underneath John's so they are resting palm to palm. Sherlock slowly lifts them to his lips, touching the faintest of kisses to each knuckle in turn.
When his eyes blink open again, only a few moments seem to have passed but the room feels lighter and his exhaustion has retreated. He gets to his feet and starts his rounds; checking each patient's monitors and recording the information in the charts. It's not until he emerges from the curtain encircling the bed of the second patient that he spots the man lurking on the far side of the tent. He sighs in frustration and picks up the third patient's chart, pointedly ignoring the interloper for a moment.
sweetheart," Irene chuckles, pulling off her sunglasses and smoothing her hair to perfection with a few quick and percise strokes. "They call him
However, Sherlock seems to be a magnet for dangerous situations, even when he is just trying to escape into a drug stupor. So, quite by accident, three times before he has found himself needing to reconstruct the events of a danger night for the sake of an alibi. He now has a process; a method to recapture
“They've dated.” Molly puts in. She shrinks a little as both Sherlock and Irene turn their penetrative gaze on her. She tucks her hair behind her ear and looks at her own lap, then back up, eyes darting between them as her lips press together nervously and her hands fidget with the book pages.
“Of course,” John confirms with a tight nod, as he pulls his shoulders back and snaps his heels together into the stance of a soldier called to attention. “Into battle, then.”
, John won't even wake. Sherlock will just observe, collect data, then leave. John can hardly object to
Being in close proximity to John is like playing Russian Roulette. John is the metaphorical gun, loaded, cocked and pointed straight at Sherlock’s head and, instead of bullets, each chamber of the gun has a new mystery drug. Sometimes a penetrating look, a weighed word or an exacting touch from John makes Sherlock’s brain explode into an accelerated state and become a super machine, like it had with cocaine. In other moments, John makes his brain slow down, go quiet, or derail completely; like with morphine. It is a tantalisingly dangerous gamble and, logic be damned, but Sherlock has always had an abnormal attraction to danger. He'd never found such stimulus in human form before,
He lets his eyes linger on that distinct outline straining against the fly of John's jeans. Every fiber within Sherlock's being despises whatever preternatural force there is to blame for those jeans somehow managing to contain the cataclysmic pressure that must be exerted upon them by the swell of John Watson's spitefully exquisite, fully-erect cock. And, oh, how Sherlock's body throbs at the sudden memory of
“So… I’m basically filling in for your blanket?” The jarring feeling of John’s body shaking against his own in laughter makes Sherlock suck in a deep breath before he begins to laugh too, recalling when he first invited John along on a case by telling him he was
you beautiful idiot,” John retorts with a grin. His body shivers even as he clenches his jaw, trying to steel himself against the burning, throbbing pain. He holds out both his arms to his friend.
John Watson is an idiot. He is the biggest screw up known to mankind. If they ever write 'A History Book of Epic Failures' he is certain that he will be featured prominently in a massive chapter exclusively dedicated to his horrific, flaming, dumpster fire of an attempted courtship of Sherlock Holmes - right between the chapters about the Hindenburg and the Titanic.
“Right.” Andy bows his head again. There is a long silence and Sherlock feels like the air is too thin as he studies the pots, thinking about the subtle imperfections in them.
The situation takes a dramatic turn when Sherlock doesn't understand his own reactions to John and panics. John’s rescue puts them in an intimate situation.
There is such a ferocity to that question that Sherlock knows it's weighted with nuances he can't (doesn't want to) understand. He slides on his most bewitching smile.
“Wait, John. Where are you going?” Miranda stands with her delicate hand out towards him; her face full of confusion. Behind her the brown haired girl has already climbed into the cab and Kellie is half hanging out its door, looking back at him as well.
“Yes. Come on. I don't bite." She pauses and seems to consider her own words for a second as a mischievous smirk curls the corners of her lips. "Well, not unless you ask me to."
Every time he feels his heart speed up, he backs his thoughts away and makes himself focus on the heat and the pressure of the body above him and how it blocks out the rest of the world. He falls asleep with his mind doing a slow waltz towards the idea of John Watson.
A smile tips Sherlock’s lips and he feigns a shrug. “You seem like a decent fellow, I’d hate to have to
"I-" Sherlock's face is turned down to the floor and, as John ducks to try to see it, he turns it further away, wincing.
“Obviously.” His voice assumes its typical air of scorn and intolerance for stating what can clearly be seen. He focuses a sharp, cold stare at John.
John purses his lips and clenches his jaw. He's, of course, accustomed to Sherlock's biting pronouncements telling everyone to ‘shut up’ when their idiotic babble is inconsequential. However, he obviously isn't going to back down this time. He gives a tight shake of his head back and forth and his voice lowers the strain behind the calm is obvious to Sherlock in how slow and carefully he is speaking.
John settles back into a crouch in front of Sherlock and looks up at him. He blinks at him, tilting his head and seeming to consider this a moment, as if he’d thought his reasons for apologising would be obvious.
I pause for a half second, eyes narrowed on that deceptively simple message. Sherlock hasn’t sent me a message since… well, since last time I was abducted by Mycroft. And once again, the text is a not-so-subtle demand for me to return to the flat. It's more than coincidence, I’m sure. I shove my phone back in my pocket and distractedly continue my line of thought.
The next thing I am aware of is that the nature of that pressure has changed. It's moving. It's plush lips and a slick, heated, and invasive tongue pulling, pressing and plundering my own lax lips as if it means to devour me.
Generally, even the corrupted data makes some sort of logical sense when recovered. This seems like data is being pulled from some sort of alternate reality. He growls in frustration and plunges into the gray mist of his mind, trying to find more.
John found himself fighting a sharp pang of desire to lie back down on top of his friend and the enticing danger in knowing that, if he did, he wasn't sure what he might do next.
Sherlock nods and looks down at himself. He quickly unbuttons his coat and pulls out his fine silk shirt from his trousers. Then he abruptly rips a long strip off the bottom.
"Do adults even have favourite colours?" He says at last. It's a transparent effort to deflect but it seems better than admitting that he honestly doesn't know what his favourite colour is. He's never thought about it.
"Right," I snarl out through my clamped down teeth, not at all impressed by his posturing only to dole out (frankly, insulting) medical advice. He's just toying with me now. "I am a
Like any other good doctor, John is capable of remaining focused and professionally detached when doing an evaluation, even on a partially unclothed person that is undesirable. He'd proven as much. He’d remained professional when Sherlock was overwhelmed with the scalp examination. This wouldn’t even involve touching (which should be for the best for all involved). Besides, in spite of everything that's happened between them, if Sherlock is to be examined he can't imagine that he'd want
He’s irritatingly perfect standing there all soft and adorably sleep mussed in a loose t-shirt and pajama bottoms. Sherlock is even more aware of his own state, sodden, sallow, and stinking a bit like the skip of rubbish he'd been knee deep in less than an hour ago. He’s suddenly much colder without the coat and he tries to hide his shivering with a brisk gesture. "The - um - case."
John's gaze drops at the same time as his stomach. "He said that?” He rubs at the back at his neck as a familiar guilt swamps him.
“Yeah… sorry." John's eyes and smile drop instantly. He doesn’t seem to know what to do with his hands, so one clasps and unclasps at his side while the other rubs at his lips. "Um… Well, I invited myself into your bed, didn’t I?” He doesn't really address this to Sherlock. His eyes are on Sherlock’s bare feet. His mouth is tilting into a sad imitation of a smile as he chews on his lip.
His jaw is tight and his eyes full of grief. The camera pans to follow his line of sight and settles on a slate gray sky over the roof of Bart’s hospital.
Sherlock just stares back at John for a long moment. His eyes narrow and his mouth finally settles inti a thin line that is turned down into an angry frown at the corners.
“Whoa. whoa.” The hand at his elbow tightens and another is on his waist. They’re both so warm and John's closeness is so sudden that Sherlock’s knees give out. John's arms are around him to hold him up.
She nods, scribbling on her notepad. That prickly irritation that's been haunting me since I awoke flares up and I breathe out harshly and cross my legs in an effort to restrain myself from fidgeting.
“I love him,” Sherlock says as he shakily rises to his feet, the pain surging through his body is nauseating. Hopkins's face darkens. She miscomprehends this statement, assuming he is referring to Victor.
Everything that John Watson was now was bound up in a million little threads of Sherlock, twining around him and binding all the holes like the individual cords in a rope. It was this that made him strong. John felt his heart screaming at the thought of having that burned out of him in one foul swoop. A cold sweat covered his entire body as he recognized the fragility in caring that much about another human being; much less the fearless and reckless Sherlock Holmes.
I hadn't expected for Sebastian to be whipping his cock out. This is surely just another attempt to taunt Sherlock by putting himself on display.
“What do you really want, Sherlock?” John's body presses into Sherlock, moulding around him. It is warmth and pressure and Sherlock's every nerve is a live sparkler of fizzing, crackling heat suffusing his insides. Sherlock's entire body is alight and he aware of every sensation, every brush of flesh or fabric like all his skin is suddenly an erogenous zone. It makes a humiliating sound, like a choked whimper, slip out of Sherlock. John definitely has his full attention now.
" My tone is hard and flat; my temporary lift in mood collapsing back into something darker now that I see what is really happening here. Around the stick, her lips stretch upward into the suggestion of a smile as her eyes, empty of everything, meet my own. A long black car pulls up to the kerb beside us and she breaks her gaze away to step over and open the back door.
“But-” Sherlock feels himself quaking, his mind scattering, grasping at the threads of what he thought he knew. Something is tearing loose inside his chest.
He found himself calculating and calibrating the different elements of Sherlock’s unique body, as if the secrets of the universe lie in that place where the immutable laws of mathematics met the ethereal, most intimate parts of Sherlock’s form. Sacred mysteries were revealing themselves in the level of dip between ribs and the subtle grading between the sternum to the concaved valley of his navel. He could feel the smooth glide of skin beneath his palms, the heat and flex. His hands were straying lower, his body becoming flushed with heat as he struggled to breathe.
The moment the door is open, Sherlock is shouldering his way in. He pulls a shockingly pink suitcase behind him which he abandons right inside the door. Then he's swanning around the room; coat fluttering dramatically out behind him as he bobs and darts, looking at everything. When he breezes past John, there's the scent of damp wool, cigarettes, and something distinctly foul. John crinkles his nose and coughs into the crook of his arm, eyes pricking up with liquid at the stench.
The car, being older than the boy himself, was bound to have some quirks that required accommodation. Inexperienced and grateful for what he had, John readily adapted himself to these with little thought or complaint.
John’s movements are quick and efficient. His mind is on the incursion ahead. He moves around his bed, straightening it to military, inspection-worthy crispness. The familiarity of this tedious task is almost meditative. It allows his mind to slip into that remote serenity that his time in the army mastered within him; the ability to grow sharper and more focused as bullets whizz by his head and the ground explodes beneath his feet.
With that gesture, Sherlock can’t help but consider those wet, pink lips pressed against his own. He turns his eyes to the ceiling studying, with a renewed intensity, the same crack that has irritated him, night after night, since he first moved into this room.
He prowls towards John (as best he can with his own arousal and the ache that John left in him). John's wide eyes travel over his body as the ex-soldier's mouth falls open and he stumbles back a step. Sherlock marches into his own room and slams the door.
.” Sherlock gestures around the room scattered with equipment and ends his sweep at a small white fridge underneath the desk.
; vindicated even. He had been struggling against the slide towards attachment to John during their months together and, for a split second, John was there with taunting words aimed at his most sensitive points; proof that he was right, sentiment was an emotion of the losing side. And then John opened his coat and revealed the bomb, but the truth didn't change; it only became clearer.  More dangerous than Moriarty was John and his sentiment. Moriarty could kill him but it was John, always John, that really hurt him. John forced him to have a heart only to burn that heart out of him.
Irritated to the point of wanting to throttle him, I manage to get into the building with a bit of my own charm, by slipping in with a woman on her way to her own flat and casually chatting her up.
is doing CPR until his arms give out in exhaustion (when it’s clear from the beginning that it won't help) just so the soldiers around him don't see him giving up on one of their own with anything less than his all.
in the big and small ways or you get pulled apart. Love is like that. You have to keep choosing it.”
unobtainable is now written all over Sherlock's body. He drops his voice lower and opens up his body language, making it more fluid and sensual.
but that’d play right into his hands, wouldn’t it? Likely that’s his point; no one holds a candle to him.
“Just tell me the truth, Sherlock.” He sounds angry again... or, perhaps, desperate. Sherlock can't tell… and he can't fathom anything John would be desperate for that he could ever give.
Sherlock closes his eyes and sinks lower. As his body warms, his brain flickers back online a bit, swirling with questions surrounding John. He skims his fingers over the surface of the water, cutting lines through the bubbles as he wonders at John's behaviour.
I turn to her and rock back on my heels. Rage immediately melts into pleased surprise and confusion when I'm met with chestnut brown eyes that are locked on me with intense interest. My eyes sweep down her tall, fit figure (clad in a posh dark blue skirt, blazer, and heels) and then back up to her face, framed with long blonde hair laying over each shoulder.
He did, however, find himself wandering through online articles about weighted blankets and Asperger’s syndrome the following day between patients at the clinic. He at last typed ‘Asperger’s and relationships’ in the search engine and, with fascination, poured over personal accounts of both people with Asperger’s and their partners explaining the ups and downs of being in a relationship specific to someone with Asperger’s. It was enlightening and some of it was also strikingly familiar.
John is panting. His body is rocking into the touches and everything is moving with that rhythm. Can almost imagine...
However, in a blink he's gone; a flurry of black, swirling coat and curls. I can hear him clattering down the stairs, his feet almost an inhumanly fast staccato. Perhaps he expects me to follow him - give chase - but I move over to the door and shut it again, mentally planning to install a deadbolt on it by the end of the day.
John is kneeling before him again, pulling off his shoes and socks. Sherlock can't take the chill any longer; he's rattling apart. He twists and makes a feeble attempt to shove the suitcase off the bed so he can dive under the covers.
As Sherlock stared at the hand on his thigh, the doctor felt the leg muscles twitch beneath his palm. The look in Sherlock’s eyes was wild in a way John had only seen when the man was in the midst of a panic attack. He resisted the urge to embrace his friend and comfort him before true panic took hold.
It takes all of Sherlock’s nearly depleted strength to step into the pool area again. It was the same place he had seen his childhood crush, Carl Powers, drown to death and the place where Moriarty nearly killed him and John.
“Zero. What can I do to best please you?” He forces out somewhat aggressively. John blinks, startled.
“Quite the contrary.” The figure looks down at the little book clutched in its long, pale hand. “If I wished to sever your ties with your corporeal form, I would not warn you of the danger of straying too far,” It says briskly, glancing towards the operating table and the blond surgeon. It closes its book and tucks it away in the inner folds of its heavy trench coat. It takes a step towards the table.
“I’ll bring you a candle. More romantic,” he says with a slyness to his voice that makes it clear it is a line he is meant to say. He disappears back into the kitchen and Sherlock looks across the table to John’s empty seat as he eats.
Turning away from the window, Sherlock presses his palms flat together and touches the joined fingertips to his lips, trying to focus. The possibilities of what John might wish to disclose to him are too numerous and his thoughts scatter along a hundred paths, branching into a thousand more. His brain sets itself to the task of relentlessly sifting through all the prospects to determine their probability and the potential responses to each.
“I - I don't think I can…” Sherlock stops. He takes in the profile of John in his chair. The afternoon light catches in his eyes making his dark blue irises appear to sparkle. He can hold such warmth and concern in those eyes when he looks at Sherlock.
“Unbelievable! Just… Un-fuckin-be-lievable!” John shakes his head, his face twisting in angry indignation. “You’re
until I saw you with John; saw you through John’s eyes, saw how you could be with each other. You’ve always been a
It's the opposite of feeling you have experienced this moment before and are now repeating it... It is the odd sense that it
He presses his eyes closed and turns his face into the cup of John's hands. He presses kisses into his palm as he feels the burning tide of emotion rise, flooding his eyes.
The rising whir of the engine and pulsing thump of the blades drowns out the screams of pain and the shouts of medics as the Chinook lifts straight up. The erratic pops of gunfire and a distant explosion can still be heard as the helicopter banks sharply to the west and each medic grabs onto nearby equipment to stabilise it.
I sigh and lower my gun, clicking back on the safety. Obviously the idiot isn't going to let a little thing like a locked and barricaded door stop him and, all things considered, I don't really intend to drop him with a bullet to the head this morning.
“Stay still and just listen to me for once in your bloody life,” John's voice comes from above. His callused fingers are gripping Sherlock's hands tightly and the inside of his thighs are gripping Sherlock's hips.
He doesn't flinch. It takes a lot to make John Watson flinch, but there is an expression of surprise mixed with curiosity and a hint of concern that flickers over his face as his eyes snap around the room in an assessing manner, then come to rest on Sherlock regally perched on the sitting room couch, wrapped in nothing but a sheet. The late afternoon light is warmly slinking in through the windows, making his smooth, porcelain skin glow in sharp contrast to the dark purple cotton sheet wrapped around him like a royal robe.
" Sherlock scowls, lifting his chin and standing tall to appear intimidating. He hopes to scare the boy away by implying he might do something
"Yes! Coming! Coming! Just don’t leave it there!” He whips off his safety goggles, tossing them away, and eagerly pulls open his door. He blinks into the blinding hall light, only to find John Watson smiling back at him from the doorway.
“Sherlock. Sherlock?” John crouches beside the consulting detective who is sprawled out on the floor. Sherlock’s silver-blue eyes have nearly disappeared behind his dilated pupils. He stares around the room, wide-eyed, seeming to look past John. He strains to sit up but only manages to flop around on the wooden floor like the world's most posh fish out of water.
Watson eyes him for a moment, remembering the determined expression on the young man's face when he'd provided cover for them during extraction of the wounded soldiers.
As soon as the door slams shut, Watson slumps a little. He scrubs his hands briskly over his face, eradicating the evidence of tears. He lets out a slow breath and his face hardens as he stares off into the emptiness for a moment. He sniffs, one side of his mouth rising in a somber grimace, before his expression goes blank. A thick mask of remote professionalism slips into place before the figure’s eyes, and it can't help but feel like something precious and rare has slipped away.
" He throws away his towel and brushes past me a little too closely as he pushes his way out the door.
Sherlock shudders and looks down a moment. He is suddenly wishing he hadn’t eaten so heartily as it feels like it might be coming back around. “Can’t-” Sherlock breathes, forehead nearly resting against the glass.
It's the gestures and the way she's looking at him now that snaps something into place within his brain and he finally recalls where he'd seen her before. She's the woman from the courtyard - the one who came over from sitting with Sherlock and used these very same moves on Mary. He tips his chin down and glares at her.
John's face does a complicated thing, warring between a precocious smile, guilt and embarrassment before it settles on a small, almost bashful grin. "I looked you up."
He runs his eyes over John slowly. He isn’t wearing a shirt and Sherlock can finally see his wounded shoulder. He steps closer to examine it; memorizing the look of it. Then he closes his eyes, slotting the information into place to correct the John in his mind. He sighs in relief at having one more piece of John that is
“Sort of,” I say, slower and I know my expression has turned a bit harder. “It sat there and I shouted abuse.”
I look over at Sherlock, my surprise no doubt written all over my face. He doesn't even lift his eyes from the dead body before him.
It happens slowly and then all at once he is solid again. He realises he has arms and they are stretched above his head and crossed at the wrists. He has hands that are clenched into fists so tightly that the nails of his long fingers are digging into the flesh of his palms. A voice (that sounds rather like Mycroft's) barks from the back of his mind,
"Wait, what?" He calls. Then, he's realises what time of night it is, and that his fellow students are unlikely to appreciate waking to him hollering down the hall. "Sherlock? Sherlock," he tries quieter but with urgency. Sherlock continues on as if he hasn't heard. With a quiet curse, John pulls the door shut and jogs after the mad man with the long black coat and the bright pink rolling suitcase .
“Travel does tax the energy. You must be tired.” Mycroft nods at the chair opposite himself. “Sit, Sherlock.” His tone has grown an edge of command.
John, ever the army captain beneath it all, assumes that air of effortless command that he so rarely calls upon, but that never fails to render all Sherlock’s usual safeguards inert and leave him defenseless and thunderstruck. He finds he has no way to resist John’s insistence on laying him back and covering him with his own body. The gentleness of the way John cups the back of his head,
Captain Watson’s adept hands move swiftly over the young man before him; assessing wounds and rapidly calling out orders. All around him, the small team works to fight back death’s hold; restoring airways, keeping hearts beating and stopping blood loss. They are an elite group, a highly-skilled and well-oiled machine, yet, they are fighting the clock. The injuries are severe and the ‘golden hour’ of effective trauma care is dwindling for the wounded soldiers. Camp Bastion is the only hope for these men now.
“Right. Just a bit… knackered.” John shifts uncomfortably, uncertain if his erection is apparent - concerned what Sherlock will think, and do or say if he does notice it.
“I need to know what happened last night, John." He breathes. He opens his eyes. He focuses them on John. The shape of his mouth. The slope of his nose. The refraction of light in his eyes. All new, never precisely like that before, but... familiar... predictable.
The wet sound of flesh on flesh mixing with the sound of exertion and bitter, half-formed, animalistic growls from John finally shook Sherlock free from that daze. He had been unable to say John's name, unwilling to make him real, until he'd felt those lips brush against his ear and the shuddering, needy sound from John's chest brought him back to life.
“I simply observed,” Sherlock says quietly and when he lifts his eyes his expression is so cold and dead I imagine that I can almost feel the chill rolling off of him, like liquid nitrogen.
He clung tighter, his body shivering against the shock of understanding his powerlessness. He tried to push back that dark cold flood of fear and doubt; to fight it and wrestle back control like he had every day since he lay beneath an unrelenting sky and felt his life blood draining into the thirsty desert sand, but it was resurging. There was a slowly creeping sense of awful knowing; a knowing in his bones that other human beings now had the power to destroy him. It was not in killing or hurting him where they would succeed, he’d never feared that, but it was by taking away the thing that made his life worth living; his purpose. No matter how vigilant or careful, no matter how brave he was or how hard he fought this too could be taken from him.
that had dropped into his pelvis is coiling tight now, feeding off the heat and tension in John’s gaze. It reaches up, twisting into his chest, and he can feel his lungs growing smaller as it wraps itself tight, filling up his entire chest cavity. His mind flits through various forms of known parasites and tries to quantify their projected growth rate in comparison to whatever is increasing in size exponentially and writhing through his insides. He feels it snaking one long tendril down to curl through his groin, making muscles fire and clench in protest to the intrusion.
“It is what it is, yeah,” he says softly. And he actually means it; not with regret or sadness but with complete surrender and a suprising amount of relief.
he was the only one that, if he walked out of that room, was capable of stopping the large scale terrorist attack in time. Without hesitation, John put the barrel of the gun to his own head and squeezed the trigger. He was gazing in Sherlock’s eyes. He wanted that to be the last thing he saw.
but she is, on occasion, opposed to my interests or has an objectionable disposition. Hardly what one would call a
Captain Watson closes his eyes and can see it with perfect clarity; there will be no time for pain or fear if the rocket hits its target. Just a fiery explosion that rains debris on the desert below. A graveyard of twisted metal to be covered over by the howling sandstorms and baked beneath the soaring temperatures of the Helmand Desert.
John sighs and looks towards the kitchen. He would really like some tea but... he is hot and sweaty and it has been a
He is gasping and kicking and then John is on top of him like a warm, weighted blanket, pressing firmly down.
John is content to just lay there laughing at the feeling. There is a warm heat radiating off this stranger squiriming to dislodge himself from beneath his alcholic-leaden body.
Something in his stomach appears to be doing flips and he smooths his palms down his bare chest and abdomen watching them quell the distress. When he looks up he finds John is watching him carefully; mouth slightly agape and eyes dark and full of a different kind of heat that sends a pleasant skittering of electricity up Sherlock’s spine.
Of course, that doesn’t mean he will ever let John be so close to him again. John knows he's got a long way to go to earn back the trust he's lost.
“Right.” John gives a decisive nod and his spine straightens as his face sets in determination. “I am Captain Dr. John Hamish Watson. That's the
Sherlock drops his chin in a half nod and John's hands slide away. Sherlock nearly sways forward to chase the warmth. He opens his eyes but can't lift them to look at John.
The figure nods slowly but its brow remains furrowed in confusion as they turn to walk forward and the light consumes them.
The barbaric cruelty of the man would be detestable if it weren't equally appealing. Like an especially clever criminal, Sherlock feels an indecent thrill curl up his spine at the challenge of setting himself against a formidable opponent.
“Knew it.” Stamford is smiling broadly again and nodding his head vigorously as if he has just confirmed something. “Right.” He claps his hands together and rubs vigorously. “He said that you should save the last two scenes until the end. Do those ones in the order it was in the video... Go on then. You know what happened next.”
Even with my hand on the doorknob of 221 and the plastic bags digging into my palms and forearms with their weight, I hesitate for a few seconds, thinking it could even be charming for me to pop back in and ask her for her information. She seemed like the type of girl to be charmed by that sort of thing.
. Sherlock had so much of John and offered so little, it was nice to be the one with something desired and unobtainable for a change.
John had hated the man instantly; before he had even learned through Mycroft Victor's history with Sherlock. John’s instant dislike had come from a gut feeling about the man and his interaction with Sherlock. Within a few moments of walking into their lives he was touching Sherlock; too frequently, without permission, and in a firm, authoritative way as if it was his natural right. The way he moved around Sherlock to set himself between the detective and John was like he was staking a claim; marking his territory.
"No, it's fine." Sherlock sits up so straight that every muscle is straining with it. He fixes his gaze on a place over John's right shoulder. "Just do what you need to do. Quickly. I can handle it."
Suddenly, he feels warm breath forcing its way into his lungs and his fingers are no longer clawing at his own chest they are scrabbling against the back of John's head, twitching against bristly hair and smooth neck and strong shoulders. Everything slows. The creature inside is unfurling from his lungs as John's lips lock over his and push another breath into him. Lips retreat and are moving just millimeters from his own. The gray clears a little from Sherlock’s vision and he can hear that calm, confident voice that is so familiar to him.
She hums and nods, taking notes. It takes everything in me not to leap up and snatch her pen. Who knows who might read those notes and try to use them against me, as Mycroft had already done. "What are the dreams about?"
I hesitate a few seconds, feeling an odd bit of anxiety swell up. I'm not sure why. This is what I wanted, isn't it? An ordinary (perfectly respectable and
Suddenly, he sucks in a deep breath, whirls around, and strides towards the escalator as if nothing just happened between us.
“Yeah… alright,” he says in dazed awe. He lays back as Sherlock rips off another strip and proceeds to tie it around him to hold the makeshift bandage in place. He tries to focus on the sensation of Sherlock’s delicate fingers working nimbly over his chest.
“I love you.” Sherlock spoke the words straight ahead, not indicating to whom they were directed, but John
“We are over.” Sherlock says flatly. Victor stares at him a long moment, holding his breath, apparently anticipating more from the confrontation. Then he starts laughing; a high pitched sort of wheezing thing that appears to cause him pain. When he cuts off his eyes are dark and full of disgust but beneath them Sherlock can see the tiniest shadow of fear. He believes Sherlock put him in this state and for someone who is always used to being powerful it must be terrifying to have the tables turned.
That one word, spoken in such an authoritative tone, lands like a small explosion in the quiet space. I am aware of two sets of eyes snapping to me.
." Sherlock glances over at John, his eyes sweeping head to toe, as if re-evaluating him. His expression settles into one of distaste. "One would think that an aspiring doctor would be more familiar with Latin," he comments archly.
This close, John can't help but remember that first sweet, intoxicating press of their lips together in the dark. It was everything he'd craved from the first moment this vision of a young man straddled him and threatened him (on the very spot they now sit) and yet, it was like nothing he ever could have imagined.
His body shudders involuntarily and he becomes aware of his heart thumping and his chest constricting. He shakes his head; dark curls lashing his forehead. He smooths his hands over himself, chest to abdomen, to calm the rising alarm.
“Sir William’s office – the bank’s former Chairman. The room’s been left here like a sort of memorial. Someone broke in late last night,” he says peering into the glass panels of the office.
Hospital monitors blink in the small, private room. The room is familiar, distinctive because of the window looking out onto the nurses area. His line is delivered slower as the song seems to sink into a sort of melancholy longing,
When it was him and Sherlock, the two of them against the world, every other breath out of Sherlock's mouth held John's name. What could be in a name, really, especially in one so common as
Of course, Sherlock had politely turned John down, but he’d done so in a way that, in all John’s experience, (admittedly only with women) meant
Sherlock scoffs. John would dare to doubt his resolve? That is a terrible error in judgement. “Then, John,” He tips sideways enough to be able to slip a foot into optimal position as he glares over his shoulder at John. “You’re less intelligent than I gave you credit for.”
has fermented within Sherlock. John's silence and sententious looks have been a burr against sensitive skin; persistently prickling and chaffing Sherlock all day until he is now raw with it.
John notices a small bandage on his forehead just below his hairline and that his shirt is still the one from the warehouse. It is torn all along the bottom, from when he made the bandage, giving him the disheveled appearance of some washed out stockbroker reduced to begging. The dark burgundy stain over the left side of his chest is a mirror to John’s own wound, a stinging reminder of those desperate and yet somehow glorious moments when they had clung to each other in the cold and dark. In that moment he could almost have believe Sherlock loved him back.
his stomach is clenching, his head is spinning and he is shivering cold and burning in fire all at once. Sherlock is in his arms; real, solid and warm, heart beating and breaths of air against his shoulder. The pain is
All Sherlock can think as the door clicks shut behind John is that he should have fled out the window while he had the chance. He could be halfway to France by now (and a lot less worse for wear).
It is the sharp and incessant sting of pain that calls out to Sherlock through the dreamless abyss. He gathers the fluttering wisps of himself and gravitates towards something solid. As he rises, the sensations from his corporeal self start to bleed into the darkness like light filtering through a murky pond. He becomes aware of a sense of warmth in the flesh and bone binding him, the ebb and flow of familiar noises from the street outside his window and the fragrance of his room mingling with the fainter scent of cooked breakfast.
intoxicated. He is just doing as he has done since Sherlock awoke on the floor. All of John's actions have been reasonable - rational - perfectly within the bounds of doctorly concern. It is Sherlock who has been distorting the situation and giving it inaccurate emotional context; seeing lust where there was only avid medical interest and taking John's proper bedside manner as something deeper.
” Sherlock says waving his hand dismissively. The disdain for John’s first choice of information for disclosure is obvious in the downturn of his lips and the exaggerated crinkle of his nose.
but that is not exactly true. There is Hopkins and she seems to be in his corner. She’d stayed true to her word and given him some work once he’d seen to himself. She’d even managed to get Victor on drug possession with intent to distribute, and got Sherlock involved in a domestic abuse support group. He found that he missed being around people so he didn’t talk much, just listened, and didn’t mention any of the things he deduced about them.
"Brilliant," John exclaims. Sherlock whips around to look at him, ready to be offended. His stare holds Sherlock in place with a warm sparkle to it. Sherlock can't look away. No one has looked at him like that before; like he's such a delightful thing to behold. As cold and exhausted as Sherlock is, he just wants to curl up inside that warmth in John's smile. He doesn't even move when John steps closer.
The familiar pattern of whirls and marks of the door of the entryway to 221B’s sitting room is behind John. His voice is hushed, almost reverent. Sherlock hadn’t seen him this way but a few times. The strum of the background music has stopped. John is thumping the rhythm on the hollow of the guitar body, like a heartbeat.
He became aware of a body curled against his own. Hair was dancing across his cheek. There was hot, wet breath against his shoulder.
“So you've already stated. No one asked,” Sherlock says with practised indifference. In truth, the words are a bucket of cold water dousing that warmth that had begun to pull him under its spell. His signals are obviously crossed, to think that John wants to touch him. It is mortifying to think that John has somehow figured out his misconception.
“Try… them?” The words are jerky and Sherlock would typically despise parroting someone's words back to them, as if it passed for intelligent discourse but, since he currently is incapable of anything resembling intelligent discourse, it will have to do.
case." There’s an edge in Mycroft’s voice - an attempt at command - and I stop and turn on him, eyebrows raised before they lower and my expression distills into something dangerously hard and calm.
It comes on slow, as these things sometimes do, creeping up like a fever from a wound turning infected; nearly invisible until it has overrun all the natural defenses.
Back in that dark, quiet room he sits beside an open laptop with ‘The Blog of John H. Watson’ in bold across the top of the screen.
"No… I've got more." John pauses a moment, as if considering and Sherlock can hear him shifting. It's almost as if he's nervous but what could he possibly have to be nervous about? "Favourite colour?"
these aspects of John’s life, it is that the tells are all there, blatant as the softly rounded nose on John's face. Obvious for anyone with half a brain. The fact that John hides that he dances well
“Really didn't count on it being this hard, Sherlock. Little help would be nice. You're mostly dead weight.” Sherlock puts some effort into stiffening his legs, pushing into John with the odd angles they manage to catch.
“Christ-” John gasps, breaking away. His chest is heaving against Sherlock's palm as he drags at the air in big gulps of breath. Sherlock’s seizes the opportunity to slide lips over John’s chin and nip at the line of his jaw, then throat. John makes a strangled sound, fingers flexing into the meat of Sherlock's shoulders.
“Grazed you. Flesh wound. Just a flesh wound, John,” Sherlock says haltingly; his jaw snapping on the words as if it takes extreme effort to push them out. His pupils are wide and his silver blue eyes are burning intensely with something wild, just barely contained within them. It's almost frightening.
he did… Mary did tell me how you were gungho on the wedding prep. Pushed him away… right into her arms.”
as John has done so many times before. Angelo has never listened, no matter how many times they’ve told him. And now John has been in here singing Sherlock a love ballad at the top of his lungs; no chance dissuading Angelo of
“Always.” It is a blatant lie. Sherlock sometimes knows what John will do but rarely knows what the man thinks.
“Inhale,” the figure whispers as it materializes from the darkness to crouch in front of Captain Watson.
“No, I suppose not,” John chuckles. He is quiet a moment, fingers pushing circles in the flesh of Sherlock’s thighs. “You trust me.” It’s not a question. Sherlock answers it anyways.
“In what manner?” The silence hangs heavily. Mycroft at last looks up and lifts his eyebrows at Sherlock, soundlessly demanding a response.
The inspection continues with the other foot. After several moments, Sherlock stands up quickly. John freezes as Sherlock suddenly leans in, his face hovering right by John's. They're almost cheek to cheek, then Sherlock turns in towards John and inhales sharply through his nose. He leans back with his eyes narrowing on John.
“Just a means to an end, John,” Sherlock mumbles as they hobble down the stairs together. “Painful and ugly and hollow…
Encouraging sweeps of John’s lips sear across his senses, turning his blood to lava. The room; its walls and floor - everything fades to nothingness. All the other sounds of the world go silent; there is only the hurricane loud roar of his own heart in his ears.
Sleeping John hits the floor with a thunk, his lax body smacking helplessly against the hard, wooden floor boards. He springs to his feet. His military training obviously makes him immediately assume danger and he takes a defensive stance; fists raised, head low, body tense, crouching and ready to spring into action. His sharp blue eyes scan the room until they come to rest on Sherlock, huddled on the far end of the couch, practically curled in on himself. He has drawn his long legs up to his chest and has his arms wrapped tightly around them, making himself incredibly small. Terrified eyes peek over his knees under a fringe of black hair made curlier by the sheen of sweat covering him.
wanted to prove something and… perhaps… deep down, he had also hoped John would be jealous, perhaps feel a little of the pain of loss Sherlock was enduring;
you.” Sherlock consciously drops his voice lower, adding some silk to it, oozing his best seductive charm. Lesser efforts at charm have seen both men and women swoon for Sherlock… but those had, of course, been
. That endless cycle of guilt, despair, longing and anger is futile and exhausting but he is unable to stop it; as if tracing the path another time might reveal the elusive answers to the riddle his life has become.
Mrs. Hudson startles, and grabs her chest, something falling from her hand to the floor with a clack as she jumps back from the bookcase. “Oh, dear! It's just you,” she says, one hand still clutched over her heart as she steadies herself with the other by grasping the back of Sherlock’s chair. "Such a racket."
John’s hands tighten on Sherlock’s hips and when he speaks it is the voice Sherlock always fantasized about; deep and gravelly with desperate want.
he says calmly but firmly. He wants to check for any wounds before Sherlock goes mucking about, sticking his fingers into it. "Might be bleeding. May I?"
"She's been here, obviously. Done her worst and gone." He steps forward. His expression is dark, his body is stiff, and his eyes are darting over John with searing intensity. "What did she do? What has she got on you?"
"No, it's not -" John says quickly, certain that the older man has  the wrong impression about what's going on here. Whatever his relationship to Sherlock, finding him in what looks to be a compromising position is by no means good. Just as the man looks ready to turn and bolt, Sherlock secures his robe and storms forward.
His gaze drops to John again and he looks regretful. "I drove you into her path. I should have known." He stops and pulls his lips in and chews on them as he turns his head to the side and his gaze lands on the pink case and hardens.
“What can I do?” he asks and it's so soft Sherlock has the inexplicable urge to cry and scream at the same time. He fights it all down.
For a moment, he stands in the doorway, touching the door knocker that has been twisted to the side, John’s preferred way to close the door is to grab ahold of the knocker and yank, always leaving it askew. That it is once again turned can only mean one thing;
He grins for a moment at the revelation, unable to contain the rush of affection for the brilliant but surprisingly idiotic genius. Euphoria swells in his chest and rushes in a warm wave out to the tips of fingers and toes. He exhales for what feels like the first time in months. As the wave passes and his mind clears and sharpens, he pulls his shoulders back a notch.
No, he's not mocking me. He's pointing it out; exposing it. He's refusing to let me hide it. I'd liked that about him at first - the way he'd seen through me and dragged everything out into the light immediately. Not for judgement, but to show there could be no false boundaries or illusions between us. I had found that part of him refreshing at that first meeting. Not so much now that he's still keeping all his secrets from me.
He studies the intricate network of veins and muscles a moment, inspecting the knuckles that have the telltale signs of having been used to fight far more frequently than the average male. He can remember many times that those fists have saved him, and one where they made a rather jarring impact on his own cheek. He smiles as he turns the hand over and examines the palm, running a delicate brush of fingertips over the fading calluses on the trigger finger.
"What?" John moves forward, his hands sliding between fabric of the gown and Sherlock’s t-shirt. They slip over Sherlock's shoulder blades to push the gown up off his shoulders.
“Triage 1. Code red him. External hemorrhaging. Bullet still in there. Scan him to locate. Prep for emergency surgery. Push 2 liters O-positive. I’ll take him,” Watson snaps out to both nurses. If they are surprised by his curt and forceful orders, born of the necessity of battlefield triage, they don't let it show.
Watson says as he strips down to his vest and folds his uniform shirt carefully, placing it beside his cot.
“Ok. Alright, Sherlock…” His shoulders sink forward slowly. He looks down at the space between them, then back up from beneath his eyelashes. “It-It’s fine… It is what it is.” He nods slowly. After a moment staring at Sherlock, looking a little lost, he turns and walks towards his room. He pauses at the bottom of the stairs, his voice low and hollow.
“Always trying to rip my clothes off in dark buildings,” John muses, with a chuckle, as Sherlock finishes his work. John starts laughing and then he can't stop. The absurdity of the whole situation feels overwhelming. Vaguely he knows he is having an acute stress reaction; the psychological shock combined with the drop from the adrenaline surge and circulatory elevation, but he can't make himself quit laughing. His whole body is shaking with it, interrupted only by the almost painful shudders.
John clears his throat. He looks Sherlock over slowly. He is on his back on the couch beside John with his long, elegant body folded like oragami to allow enough room for John to have half a cushion to sit on the end. John saw the invitation in it and was more than willing to take the seat Sherlock obviously wanted him to. Even so, a few moments after John settled into this spot, Sherlock's bare toes managed to snake their way under his thigh.
He pauses by the kitchen door then pushes it open to see Angelo standing among the gleaming stainless steel, cursing animatedly about basil in Italian at a cook on the other side of the pass. Sherlock smiles at the passion of the man for his work.
Then Sherlock snapped at John and he felt absurd because he had no idea how long he had been staring at the man’s erection like it was some alien appendage that may or may not attack.
He quickly shuts down that line of thought when he feels the swell of grief as sharp and potent as the moment when McDonnell’s heart bled out in his hand.
At some point after gaining Sherlock's trust, Victor initiated an intimate relationship with the inexperienced young man. His protectiveness grew into a personal possessiveness. He slowly and subtly further isolate Sherlock from anyone that
“Any forensic pathologist with half a brain can see the evidence of how fully you participated and thoroughly enjoyed last night by the bruises you left-”
Often, sleep rolls in like a heavy blanket of fog, so desperately needed and all-consuming that his mind can’t be bothered to try to conjure a dream. Other times, the need to sleep lightly and be able to wake quickly means that he doesn’t reach the depth of sleep for dreams to form.
“What do you want, John?" He snaps. Irritation is washing over him in equal parts to his frustration and… perhaps something venturing towards
Like a memory you just can't quite reach - can only feel the edges of it sometimes - just enough for you to know something isn’t there that should be... I feel the pull of you. Oh, god, I feel
With that, Sherlock wraps himself tighter in the sheet and, with an irritated huff, flops on his allotted side of the bed as a self-contained cocoon.
doing. It therefore stands to reason that there is not a horrific precipitating event to hedge around. He inhales sharply through his nose and lets the captured breath slowly gust out his pursed lips. As if the air from his lungs carries his whirling torrent of emotions on it, he grows more composed as it escapes.
” he mutters, reminding himself that Sherlock is drugged and would typically find such 'emotional drivel' intolerable. He takes a deep breath. “Come on then,” he says, slipping himself under Sherlock's arm. The detective is regaining some control over his limbs now, so the stairs aren't quite as bad as John feared initially, but he is still sweating profusely by the time they reach the top.
The fantasy from the night before of John looking down on him so knowingly as his hand settled over Sherlock’s heart bubbles up from his memory. Sherlock swallows hard and musters every bit of his courage to drag his stare from that hand on his chest to John’s eyes. There is spike of relief followed by a small sting of disappointment to find John's expression is not affectionate and knowing but rather steely and unreadable. John’s jaw is set and his eyes are sharp as they study Sherlock’s face in return.
"Are you… " John leans back to fully take in the sight of Sherlock. He has melted into John's touch. His cheeks are flushed and warm against John’s palms and his breathing has become heavy through parted lips. He's the very picture of arousal. John's own body is stirring to respond. John swipes his tongue over his
The room has been filling with a thickening tension over the last two hours as Sherlock’s glances at John over his laptop have steadily increased in frequency and length. John doesn't look up every time Sherlock looks at him but he clearly feels the eyes watching him, his posture shifting minutely to attentiveness in a way he probably is not even aware he is doing.
"You've changed your hair."  I keep the conversation light as I duck down enough to peek inside the car. I'm almost expecting to see some thug with a gun waiting within. To my surprise, Mycroft is sitting in the shadowed interior, legs crossed primly, and eyes focused forward on the divider between him and the driver.
“Christ, yes, McDonnell! Come on, soldier,” Captain Watson mutters as the heart in his hand gives a flutter.
John has no one but himself to blame. He deserves this. He’s broken Sherlock's trust and wounded him deeply by the way he'd ended their intimate evening together. Worse yet, he fears his attempt to apologise only bullocked things further. The words came out all wrong; unintentionally, adding insult to injury.
“Everyone calls me ‘Billy.’ Only my mum-” A panic steals over the young man’s face and he steps closer to the operating table. “Oh, my mum. What about my mum?”
hurt him. He might even be an intimate relationship gone sour; an ex-lover talking about how he’d got caught.
They have paused in their attack, due to Sherlock’s presence, and now try to awkwardly pretend that they hadn’t been about to jump me.
“There is no denying or refuting or escaping this, John.” Sherlock presses forward until John is teetering, muscles straining to keep him from toppling backwards onto the bed.
“Yes, of course... But, you know, he hasn't had much experience with this sort of thing. I'm afraid you'll have to take the lead there."
The heat of him is pleasant, seeping through the thin barrier of the sheet. It settles into Sherlock's bones making them feel heavier. Most of the sheet was thrown aside and kicked off his legs when he thrashed around. He can feel the fabric of John's sturdy trousers brushing against his bare legs and the t-shirt he is wearing is soft against his exposed chest. All of him is sturdy and firm muscle, relaxed now, but still denser and more yielding against the sharp and boney planes of his own body. Their breathing has fallen into a steady volley, Sherlock inhales as John exhales; their bodies sinking and rising in gentle waves of expansion and contraction.
He exhales shakily and opens his eyes. He focuses his attention on his wrists; turning them slowly as he methodically examines them for marks, bruises or abrasions. Confirming them to be unmarred, he then assesses the state of his hands.
“Wish ya’ luck, Holmes. I do” She says sincerely with a tilted smile and Sherlock understands that it is probably as close as he is going to get to an apology from her. She turns and walks away. “You should check out the blog,” she says over her shoulder just before she turns out of sight.
Sherlock imagines the hands lingering; the pressure and the gentle scrape of nails on scalp in a soft, unhurried exploration. John's highly competent fingers would easily find the pressure points that arouse the greatest pleasure and would exert that needed pressure with pleasing firmness.
Sherlock doesn't understand why he is so angered but it feels like an old festering wound he can't quite put his finger on. He looks down and sees the little revolver and Colonel Mustard game pieces in his own hand.
The report ends with hard numbers; projections of the cost that such political instability could have, due to the anticipated disruption in the production of coal. Apparently, the Jharia region is the primary supplier of coal to India and the UK. The losses are projected in the billions and dismal enough to apparently warrant the British Government being willing to (quietly) put a significant amount of resources towards supporting efforts to locate the girl.
Nothing really clever or profound there,  just desperation. He knows his eyes are saying it; pleading for John,
Captain Watson locks eyes with a new medic. A virtual stranger that is on his first mission with the unit. His big, blue eyes reflect the raw fear Watson is too disciplined to allow to show on his own face.
” Mycroft drawls and Sherlock knows him well enough to understand that when he says something is ‘enlightening’ it means he doesn't like what it casts light upon. “
Thirteen days before Christmas Sherlock’s resolve to not tamper with the already volatile situation at last breaks. It has been gnawing at him like a constant itch under his skin. He requires data.
“My med kit.” Sherlock looks up at John with the question clearly in his expression. “Assuming we can secure food and fresh water, we’re next most likely to die of some untreated injury or an infection. Plus, there are things in there that can be used for other purposes, like starting fires or treating water.”
I nearly make it to the kitchen door when I note that the dining set has been shifted several centimeters towards the sink and half the contents on the table have been pushed to the wall as if someone had been thrown onto the surface. My body whirls around on him before my brain has a chance to intervene, anger flaring hot and bright as I glare at his mockingly casual expression.
Stumbling through the darkness of that aftermath, he'd collided with Mary and… well, he hadn't had to
Glaring at the reflection of his own half-hard cock, he cannot deny the evidence of his own eyes. Though he is certain that his body did not respond
“Maybe that thing with the peas that you make?” Sherlock offers casually. John’s sudden warm smile is radiant. The creature relents, retracting its painful hold and dropping low, like a hot stone, into his pelvis.
“Hi, Sherlock,” Billy croons in that nasalized voice. “We’re here with John. What a sweetie. Really a
John slowly takes another step closer with his hands spread and lifted slightly from his waist to show he means no harm. "Time - Just time - with you."
for so long. Something undefinable until the moment when John came through that door and he instinctively knew the ex-army doctor was everything he had never really expected to find.
“Sherlock -” John starts to advance to comfort him. Sherlock scrambles away, nearly toppling backwards off the couch. John freezes, hands up and palms out. He swallows hard, his expression clearly showing how hurt he is by this fearful reaction -
There's a ghost of a caress from the ankle bone over the top of his foot to his toes sending a gush of heat through John; strange for as little contact as it is. John snaps his mouth shut and just tries not to make a fool of himself with Sherlock right there squatting at groin level.
“Gerbils started the bubonic plague, not rats. Those are rats. Therefore, your reference to the bubonic plague is
Maybe she held some sort of demented possessiveness towards him, but he doubted the woman reflected in those files to even be capable of anything nearing
and throws her arms around her in a warm embrace, pressing her chest into the other woman, and ignoring John completely. When they part, Irene slides her hands down Mary's arms, giggling and smiling joyfully, as if they are long-lost friends reunited. She bends at the knees, and looks up at her with wide eyes, murmuring something. One hand continues to touch her at the wrist, as the other tucks Mary's hair behind her ear. Irene fixes her in a smoldering gaze, clearly flirting.
John’s words echo in Sherlock’s mind. As he returns from accessing the memory, he finds he is breathing heavily; even heavier than when he was actually engaged in the recalled struggle. He considers this unusual since the event was not that stressful.
The video cuts to John standing on a chair. The angle is from below and beside him and noticeably shakier, the camera person apparently nervous. He is still strumming his guitar but the room seems much larger, swallowing the sound. He lifts his head and sings slowly, a smooth, soulful voice.
She stops and looks at me. "Have I?" Her eyebrows lift slightly and a soft smile comes over her expression. It is the sort of patient smile a mother might give a child that is being especially foolish and stubborn when they probably should know better.
Sherlock isn't sure why his heart is suddenly fluttering rabbit-quick in his chest and his eyes burn. He blinks several times to try to clear his vision.
“Yeah, I didn’t get the shopping,” I state, knowing that this is such a painfully obvious fact (given that my arms are empty) that it should earn me a glare. However, actual eye contact is welcomed at the moment.
“Where is it then?” Sherlock turns his gaze to the staircase, a determined frown etched on his face.
"The window… that is how he did it, you see," he says, voice distant in thought. "Locked door. No other way." At last, he turns his eyes on me. "I spent the evening at NSY looking through case files. Burglaries. Murders. Home invasions - even other cases that were classified as suicide." His eyes drift down again, snapping side to side over the floor, as if he's mentally reviewing the files.
Sherlock’s eyes snap open as he draws in a gasp. He has the conviction that his head has experienced a sudden reversal of gravity. There is a flash of heat, like some sort of micro-explosion that has engulfed his face and chest. His mind studders.
‘I won't fuck you, Sherlock, but I will make love to you.” Sherlock’s whole body shivers, John's words creeping up his spine and spreading through him like firecrackers exploding within water, stunning him with the force of impact.
Sherlock clears his throat and takes another quick step back. "Unnecessary." There's an adorable pink bloom on his cheeks and crawling up his chest as he sweeps his hand through the air dismissively. John wants to feel that heat in his palms. "There are no abrasions or friction burns on the wrists or ankles, so unlikely you were tied up," He states with a tight gesture at John.
good… as close as you can get to another person… romantic… sentimental… like that… true… I hope... a chance to show you that some day, Sherlock.”
but he looks nothing like the man that dashed away from the crime scene hours earlier. He's a right mess. His clothing is disheveled and soaked through with the rain. There are smears of something that looks suspiciously like rotten food on his trousers and shoes. His curls have been blown about and are half plastered to his head by the rain and his eyes are sharp with an almost manic fury as they dart around. The darkness and intensity rolling off of him at this moment is jarring.
he scorns himself. He had underestimated Ms. Adler. He had thought himself victorious and let his defenses slip.
“Tell me what do you want, Sherlock.” John, the beautiful despicable man, tips his pelvis up to drag the length of his clothed cock slowly, subtly along Sherlock's crease. A strangled noise escapes up Sherlock's throat and his insides ache and clench around the emptiness of where John belongs. Sherlock has run out of words, out of tactics and out of resistance.
to protect you from getting close to someone because you know the damage they can do if you actually care."
Body deathly still, eyes wide, dark and flicking around rapidly in erratic patterns, jaw clenched. Sherlock looked frustrated. Irritated. Strung out. He hadn't slept for perhaps a week, as far as John could tell. He was staring at him from the couch with eyes that burned hot with anger. Then with an irritated grunt and huff, he flipped away onto his side facing the back of the sofa and John felt the draining of heat at the loss of his glare. That he turned away was almost more disconcerting to John than the uncomfortable, scrutinizing gaze that had been fixed on him all morning. The loss of that connection made the room feel colder.
He doesn't respond but, from my position behind him on the escalator, I can tell that he is grinning. There's something almost coy about his expression. He tips his chin down to his chest and I notice that he is breathing heavier; a sudden anticipation and tension threaded through him.
When John arrives home from the clinic dragging himself through the door with exhaustion clearly written on every feature, Sherlock is quick to recognise the proper conditions for his experiment.
. We do the best we can for the ones we care for. Sometimes we hurt people when we are just tryin’ to protect them.” Sherlock meets her eyes now. Her head is tilted to the side, eyes narrow.
“All right?” John inquires leaning down over him. Sherlock narrows his eyes on him, glancing at the hand that had touched him, then back up to John's soft, kind face. “Your breakfast is getting cold,” John remarks gently. He takes a step to the side to reveal a tray on the coffee table in front of the couch with a rather large cooked breakfast and a cup of tea. Sherlock leans forward to look it over
Victor had, as it turned out, been an undercover agent under Mycroft’s employ; never intended to get close, but only to observe Sherlock from afar while he was in university in order to, if it became necessary, head off Sherlock from engaging in harmful behaviour.
He turns to the mirror and is careful not to look into his own eyes as he runs fingers through his hair in order to tame it. He manages, with only a small shudder, to suppress the disturbing swell of something heated and needy in remembering John's fingers moving through those same follicles, blunt tips massaging against his scalp.
Then, as we weave our way back to the lobby, he lays out for me what his investigation of the Chairman's office yielded. His astounding brain has somehow managed to work out that the graffiti was not merely vandalism but rather some kind of message. A code, maybe. He even determined who, among the 300 traders, it was intended for, Edward Van Coon.
Sherlock scrutinises him, sharp eyes darting over his features as if he can read all John's intentions if he just looks hard enough. John half fears he can. If there was ever a time for the universe to give him a good turn, this is it. He just needs Sherlock to give him a chance.
"That's my number," John mumbles, confused. "How’d you-" John steps around Sherlock to his desk and picks up his own mobile.
“You haven't a plan?” John's face crumples in frustrated exasperation. “This is important, Sherlock.” He throws up his hands then sighs, his shoulders sagging in disappointment. He looks over at the bed and gestures towards it.
scene.” His chest is puffed out and he is straining to appear taller as he stands on the step above them. "Are we clear on that?"
Sherlock’s head swirls with a sudden shift in perspective. Before the day Irene drugged him he never would have believed that John liked him in
"What is it? What did she get on you?" He has invaded John’s personal space and is looking down on him. John honestly has never felt their difference in height until this moment. Nor has he felt Sherlock's physical presence quite so profoundly - as if he actually might merit some of the threats he tosses about. Sherlock is wound so tight that he is practically shaking. The proximity and tension spikes the adrenaline in John's system. He tilts his head to the side and looks up at Sherlock, who is looming over him with a steely expression and blazing eyes.
John looks out the window at the falling snow - a perfect Christmas scene. “I suppose I should say world peace or something like that.”
This weight of the traumatised ex-soldier's trust in revealing such weakness to Sherlock grinds mercilessly through Sherlock’s carefully constructed walls of indifference. John is, in a way Sherlock has never seen nor understood possible before, naked and exposed. This strong, brave, honorable man is laying himself bare and seeking comfort
There's a click of the switch and John rubs his eyes at the shock of light flooding from the smaller room. Then there’s the rapid-fire clacking of plastic rings sliding over the metal bar as the shower curtain is yanked back.
“Christ, Sherlock, just-” John pushes against Sherlock‘s shoulders and Sherlock resists. His mouth latches onto John's collar bone and sucks. He has waited so long,
,” John chuckles at himself.  “Doesn't really bother me.” John watches Sherlock’s lips twitch into a smile that is quickly suppressed. The comfortable silence settles between them again.
for a case. He didn’t even seem to pleasure himself from any indication John would typically have of such things. Though he supposed that it was ridiculous to assume that Sherlock didn’t do anything related to sex just because of a lack of evidence. If anyone was capable of being discreet and covering up evidence it should be the world’s only consulting detective.
“Fascinating.” The figure’s eyebrows climb to beneath its curly, black fringe and it pushes closer, head tilting in curiosity. Its voice is a soft rumble in the void. “You hear me?”
But as his body bows, arching in a gentle upward curve, he feels the solid weight meeting against it; the heat, the unyielding pressure, the steady breaths pushing against his own more rapidly rising and falling chest.
The buzzer at the door, indicating the arrival of their tea, knocks Sherlock off that train of thought; just a corpse falling bloodlessly to the tracks when reality makes an abrupt turn. Hopkins collects the tea from the constable at the door. She turns and holds it out, waiting a small ways from the table, enough to make Sherlock rise to his feet to reach for it. His obvious discomfort as he stands and sits back down confirms the worst of her suspicions about the range of abuse he'd endured.
