“Of course not! What do you think?” John said not very convincingly. Sherlock poked him into his belly button.
He pulled back the hem of his trousers and dropped some cubes inside. He hissed but it worked. But now there was a dark stain. He hadn’t thought.
He sat up against the headrest and lifted his hands. He looked at his wrists and saw bruises form. A smile tugged up his lips. They started to bleed again but he didn’t mind.
“Anthea is capable of taking over. I will join you.” Mycroft sounded serious. He really wanted to go but he also was feeling a bit sick about it. He had no idea what to expect but he could see that Greg liked the idea.
“Why do you want to read the protocols? There is nothing in there for you.” Mycroft said with his hand flat on the documents.
“Take a seat then.” Sherlock moved on the bench with John shoving him close to the wall. But John didn't mind.
“It was wonderful. Without his connections, it wouldn't have been possible.” John dressed in jeans and a t-shirt.
“I am not sure if Sherlock is ready yet. I know he misses his home but there are so many memories in there. Very bad memories.” Mycroft thoughtfully shook his head.
He still stared at the board and suddenly found several mistakes. If he corrected these, the drug would be much more efficient. Perhaps he could make a deal with his dom? Help against being bought? He could live here. He would like that, no matter what this dom did to him. Fuck him raw, bullwhip him, perhaps even brand him one day. Everything was better than returning into the stainless-steel room. He shuddered and slung his long arms around his torso.
He just shrugged and thanked him. Then he sat on the passenger seat and looked at London passing by on his way home.
“Are you better?” John asked binning the tissues. Sherlock just looked at him and shook his head. But he didn’t start to cry again.
“Yes, I guess?” Her throat was dry and tight but she waved him over. He placed his coat over a chair and got protection gear. And as soon as they worked together the tension was gone. She appreciated his skills and help and he was thankful she let him help.
He slept through the night and woke all by himself. It was still very early in the morning but he was used to only a few hours sleep. He needed to be ready at any time.
Sherlock pressed his lips together tightly. His eyes were scrunched close. He bore everything John dished out. He didn’t make a sound when he flicked off one clamp after the other.
John was working while Sherlock looked at the crime scene. Of course, he knew everything about it but he didn't tell anything. He appeared to be clueless for once. He felt a bit sorry for the Detective Inspector but since it wasn't Lestrade but someone else he had never met before he didn't care too much.
“I was wondering if you liked it. I remember Sherlock. I have talked to John about it. I…” Greg helplessly shrugged.
Sherlock didn't believe he was acting when he let him top him or was kind to him. Perhaps he would manage to get back the John Watson he loved. He could try at least.
“I believe you had enough for today. Let me take you home now. My home. We can have a drink and just sit if you like?”
“To you, Sherlock. Your new life. Your freedom.” Mycroft held up his tumbler and Greg followed suit.
When the blinding white lights were gone and Sherlock was again able to see properly there were bruises on John’s body where his fingers had clawed into his skin. Very carefully he moved and also stroked his cock until he came with his permission whispered into his ear.
“You haven’t foreseen this for once, have you, my lovely?” Sherlock slowly shook his head. John eyed his long and lean cock. It was built just like the rest of him. He folded his fingers around it and blew his hot breath over it. Sherlock threw his head back and groaned.
“As you wish.” He said and forced a ring-gag behind his teeth. Sherlock groaned in delight while John buckled it tightly. John’s fingers held on to several strands of his longish hair while he slowly tilted the bottle and made him drink. Sherlock swallowed gulp after gulp until the bottle was empty. Then he belched loudly.
“Ian said you know how to do this. I will be right outside in case you need my help.” Sherlock said.
“I know I never made my desires known before. Not to this extent anyway. But please, John. You were careful the first time but you liked it. You do like what we do and you are good at it. So, please. Do me as I need it. I desire it deeply. I wish I could reach subspace.”
“Please, I … Sherlock, don’t … Just please?” John’s dominant hand came up and tried to shove Sherlock’s away but Sherlock wouldn’t have any of it.
It stopped at the curb at Baker Street and Sherlock just entered their home leaving John behind with their bags. He was used to it though and took the opportunity to speak a few words with Mycroft.
“Because I want you to stay with me. I like you. Otherwise I wouldn’t have offered you this flat-share.” John all but snorted.
John sighed. It had been so wonderful and he hadn't wanted to stop. He hadn't safeworded, not even when he felt it becoming too much. His limbs had been tied into positions a bit not good.
Next, he mixed some of the standard blood with ice-cream which worked rather well. He also tried the jelly and made Sherlock try both afterwards. He licked his lips and belched. John expectantly looked at him.
! Make the bells jingle!” Sherlock moved through the studio and the man followed him with a thin cane. He hit the back of his knees and he pulled them up high. The plug started to vibrate and touched his prostate and his prick became erect. He hit his front and arse, his cock, and thighs. And Sherlock moved and moved.
“Yes, I agree to it for tonight. What about your cock, balls and a plug?” A nod followed and this time John accepted the non-verbal agreement because he could see his excitement.
“So was I. And I am sorry for this messy place.” Sherlock moved closer on his knees and John leant forward.
“All of us could have done better. We have failed him. But now we can do better and save him.” Greg took his hand. Mycroft looked down at their entwined fingers.
Now he also wore a latex mask which only left his nostrils free to breathe. John had even wrapped his cock in latex stripes and a cock ring was on, too. He wouldn’t let him come too soon, that much was clear.
“Turn around, Sherlock.” He did as being told and looked at him towering over his body. John sat down on his crotch and both of them moaned.
“I think you might need more restraints, John. What do you think?” He rubbed the back of his head over his chest and said:
“There you are. Now you may decide. Which gag do you want?” John held up a bit-gag and a ball-gag. Sherlock’s eyes shot from left to right and back and finally settled for the ball-gag. John saw his decision but wanted him to say it.
“Yes, Sir. The delivery guy gave me this for you. He has just left. We already took it upstairs into your room.” Greg took the envelope and the moment Sherlock saw it, he snorted.
Sherlock grinned and panted lightly. John could feel his erection. This had been good then. He hadn’t hurt him and he looked rather pleased and surprised.
“I didn't want to keep the other place even though it was a good place. But it was connected with what John did, both to you and me, and therefore destroyed.” Sherlock understood very well but he wasn't sure why Ian cared so much about him.
“Yes, of course. Everything has been changed back to the way it was before you fell for that evil son of a bitch that called himself a
Sherlock reached the motorway rather quickly and obviously had fun driving the car. He had never even told John that he could drive. But was there really anything he couldn’t do?
Only now he called the ambulance with the Afghan’s mobile. He scattered some contents of his med-kit all over the guy including his bloody gloves.
The warmth of the laptop slowly slipped through his denims. He pulled it a bit closer to cover his swelling member. Then he looked over the lid of the laptop at Sherlock who returned his gaze. He looked bloody smug. He could probably smell his arousal.
“You are right, John. I am sorry, Sherlock. But I was and still am very, very pissed. I will talk to Mycroft later.” He turned around and looked at the hanging man.
„We will have a rent-boy delivered to have fun with. What exactly do we want to do to him? I mean, do you want him to service us? Me? Do you want to beat him up and torture him? Am I going to be tied up?“ He questioningly looked at John.
“Thanks. I think I can sleep now.” Sherlock smiled and stood. He went through his bathroom routine and when he stepped into his bedroom, he found it empty.
An hour later he couldn’t stand it anymore and he dashed outside and into a cab. He drove over to Bart’s and visited the morgue. Dr Hooper looked over her shoulder when he pushed the door open.
John’s fingers played with one nipple and now he elicited noises. Sherlock seemed to like this and John bit into his lower lip. Now he really groaned and arched his body against John’s.
“Sort of?” But he grinned, too. Then they waited. About ten minutes later the door was opened and inside stepped Mycroft Holmes, dressed impeccably as always in a three-piece suit. His eyes lightened up when he saw Greg but his face darkened when his eyes came to look at
Sherlock heavily exhaled and sucked a love bite on John’s neck. John giggled and Sherlock only sucked harder until he was pleased with the result.
After a few minutes, John got out of bed and got a towel from the bath to clean Sherlock up. That actually woke him and he blinked his eyes open.
“Thank you. I am fine. Just go.” He waved him off. Sherlock cast him a last glance and finally hurried away. He hurried downstairs and John was able to hear him thumping down. Seventeen times.
Suddenly it knocked and they all turned their heads. Inside came DCI Barnes with DS Grant who at once ogled Sherlock. John glared at him.
“I like your cock very much pounding into my arse, Sir! Anytime you want and need it, any time! Please go faster, harder! Slap me! Scratch me! Oh God, please!” He wailed when John tore his nails down his legs while being buried to the hilt inside of him. Sherlock sobbed and shook.
“Sherlock, hey. Come down. It’s OK. We are very grateful. Just calm down, please?” Sebastian placed his palm on Sherlock’s hands and he could feel how clammy he was.
He quickly came back out clad in the comfy clothes John had laid out for him before. He had allowed socks today because he knew how Sherlock liked wearing them.
He shivered. In addition, he actually thought about the question and how to answer it. A few seconds later, he tilted his head up and tried to look at John.
John asked if he was allowed to touch and Sherlock nodded. He had gently kissed his chest and stomach. His hand was around his cock and slowly pressed and pulled until Sherlock moaned quietly. He made him come and his orgasm was quiet. His eyes were wide open and he frantically blinked.
Surely, he would like to have sex again. Good sex. With a bit of bondage and things he liked. He would like to get fucked into oblivion by a man who cared for him, really cared for him.
“I want baby-play. The absolute baby-play.” Sherlock could see his dom pale and he wondered why. To him this was nothing. He had been taught baby-play, too. He had been wearing nappies and pacifier. He had soiled himself while being tied to a crib. He could do it without problems.
“See? I knew you’d like that!” They left nothing behind when they finally disappeared and met the team downstairs in front of the tunnel.
“And I believed he just wanted to be left alone with his love.” He sadly shook his head looking at Gregory.
“When did you do that?” John asked wondering what he had missed. Sherlock looked at his chest and not into his eyes.
He sank back into the sofa and closed his eyes. He breathed for several minutes letting it sink in. He lifted up his tumbler but it was empty. He glared at it but then stood and topped it up. He stood looking out at Baker Street. He sighed and emptied his drink. He brought it into the kitchen and put it in the sink.
“Very well done, pet. I am so proud of you.” He gently palmed his face and Sherlock felt his prick harden.
“John! Wake up right now!” He quietly moaned and his eyelids fluttered. Sherlock loosened his tight grip a bit but still held John. Suddenly his eyes flew open and darted around. His hands clutched at Sherlock who knew if he could bruise, he would.
“No. I will be walking outside. You have to shut down this place. There are many more like me.” She looked at her.
“Well, try again.” His face showed a very smug expression when he just walked away into their kitchen and started to prepare tea.
Inside the bath, he found his favourite foam, shampoo, and shower gel. Even his conditioner was there. Everything was set up for one person and his fingers moved over all the bottles and flasks. His brother had thought of everything. Of course, he had.
“And you will. As soon as Lestrade calls, we are going. Of course, you would have to abandon your work then. But you can tell them in your application that you are working for the government, Mycroft will cover and you won’t lose your job. Brilliant, isn’t it?”
The picture showed a fine meal and a bottle of wine. Around the cutlery and plate and everything, there was a black rope. Greg’s eyes widened. How could he ever know about that? He slanted his eyes. He also didn’t know what to reply. He took his time to think about it.
“That’s actually rather sweet, Greg. But never mind. We are vampires, very old ones. Trying to intimidate us is quite the hardship.”
“Sherlock!” A voice called out and someone quickly approached him. He twitched and jerked back but then he recognised his brother. He desperately looked up. Mycroft reached out and took off the thick gag.
“Fuck back, John. You may move and fuck yourself on my fingers.” John almost sobbed but at once started to move. He tried to find a good angle but Sherlock moved against him.
“If you think so?” John seemed to be relaxed and Sherlock actually wondered about his reaction. Normally, he was very strict with his uniform, his gun or everything Sherlock touched, took, or even only talked about. But now? He was a bit different. Plus, the way he looked at him right now.
“Hold it. I don’t want it to get dirty when I come.” Sherlock tightly held the fabric in his hands on his back. It was heavy and standing on that high-heels wasn’t easy, too.
“I need you, Master. I need my caring dom. I still love you very much, Master.” Several seconds passed without a reaction but then John pushed Sherlock against the wall. He groaned. His back hurt and he felt the welts bleeding again. John pulled his head down and kissed him. Hard, rough, and wet. They were sloppy kisses. He also kept touching him everywhere, but soon his hands were in his hair, and he forced his head down.
“Yes, Sir, I do.” He clearly said never losing his stance. Sherlock smiled. It seems, John looked forward to it. He scratched over his scalp and thought about how to do it. Then he made his decision.
He grinned into the mirror inside his bathroom. He shed his clothes and showered. Only then he dressed up carefully and called Gregory. He picked up after the third ring.
“I want Mycroft to feel good with me. I won’t force him into something he doesn’t like. I just want him happy.” Greg thoughtfully said.
“Come on, Sherlock. The earlier you let go, the faster I’ll be back.” John said and Sherlock dropped his arms. Then he sighed dramatically and turned away. He slowly moved over to their sofa and plonked into it.
“Honestly, I don’t have an idea. I have no idea what he wants now. Perhaps he’d prefer me gone…” His voice broke.
“Thank you, Sir.” He walked over to a group of armchairs and a table on which sat water and some fruit as well as coffee. He settled and patiently waited for someone to talk to him.
“She also is a very old vampire and my nanny.” John just looked at him and then reached out for the plate with buttered toast.
“You kindly suggested not to deduce tonight but to watch only.” He said looking at John. Actually, his eyes roamed over John who felt quite a bit scrutinised.
He really wanted to clear the air. He loved John. He still wanted John. But there were things they needed to say to each other first. Then they could proceed.
“I thought so. Well, I advise you to wait him out. He will come to you. Don’t send him away. Talk to him. Don’t let him interrupt.” Greg hummed.
“Yes, I went downstairs to have dinner with Mrs H. I thought you wanted to be alone. You said you weren’t hungry.” John even sounded a bit helpless.
When Sherlock woke, he shot up and panted. He wildly looked around. Then his eyes met his dom's who just glared at him. He gingerly touched his hair and it was dry. He lifted his arms and his wrists weren't bruised or even sore. He swallowed. He could still taste his dom inside.
“It is never too much. And you, Sherlock, only deserve the best.” Ian said all smile. Sherlock had to fight with tears but managed. He didn't want to be a cry-baby anymore.
“You should know that I don’t want 24/7. I would never wear a collar outside 221B and I won’t be made into a pet. I never…”
“If you need me to stop for whatever reason just cross your fingers. Nod if you heard me and understood what I have said.” John nodded.
“You are giving me bruises if you keep holding me so tightly.” Sherlock said but there was a laugh in his voice. John let go and looked at him.
The moment Mycroft did something wicked with his tongue he came. He tore his eyes open and the fabric over his groin became wet.
“We have been at university together. He was pulled into that secret business very early and he clearly enjoyed it. I never wanted such things. But I was happy for him. Finally, he was happy.”
He reached around him and started to manipulate his cock. He pulled and stroked and twisted his wrist until Sherlock was a sweaty, shivering mess.
“What did you do to me?” John whispered and sat up cross-legged against the back of the sofa. Sherlock shook his head.
During dinner, they actually talked about the swing. Sherlock was very interested in the swing and the whole suspension stuff.
“You just behaved like you normally do when you are in pain and confused. Or only one of that. I know you, Johnny-boy. But Sherlock doesn't. Somehow though you have let him close. I think he has feelings for you.”
“Yesterday he wasn't well. He cried a lot when telling me about his past and why he denied my brother his wishes. I understood his reasons. Now my brother is on the way to meet him. He will be surprised but they need to talk. I don't want them to break up. It just can't be.” He sadly shook his head.
“Why are you even here? After how I treated you? After what happened to me? How can you even touch this?” He sobbed and John could hear he was about to hyperventilate.
Beside the image of the castle, numbers were running over the screen. Greg had no idea what they meant.
“Yes, I hear you.” Now John looked up and smiled again. Sherlock lowered his head and kissed him tenderly. John melted into his arms and they kept kissing for a long time.
They arrived at the hospital and Sherlock raced upstairs to fetch John. Outside he met security. John didn’t yet know about it. That’s why he was rather surprised to see him but suddenly wrinkled his nose.
Sherlock put his coat over an armchair and slowly walked through the place. It had some fancy gadgets Sherlock would like to examine closer but didn't have the time now. He found an office and inside sat the most up to date technique he had ever seen. He very much wanted to look at it but didn't. He knew it wasn't right and very impolite and he didn't want to offend Ian. Perhaps he would show him if he asked kindly enough.
“I have some work to do. You two know where to find me.” And he left Sherlock's room who looked at his back. Then he looked at Greg again.
“I am very sorry, love. You know, I have to leave in about twenty minutes. What about me shortening my hours today. I could be back early in the evening and we could make your dreams come true.”
But perhaps Sherlock had changed. Anyway, Greg was happy and in a good mood when he rode the tube back home. Outside his stop, he checked his mobile because it kept dinging.
He licked his lips and devoured the fried potatoes. He saw Mycroft pick through his greens and shook his head.
“We bought so many stuff we don’t need now. Why don’t you bake something for the occasion or prepare the dessert? Or both?” Sherlock helplessly suggested.
“Now, John, why don’t you brew yourself a coffee and sit down with me?” John unconsciously looked over to Sherlock’s door but he wasn’t up yet.
“Don’t do it. He will be annoyed for days and close the bedroom door right into your face.” Mycroft smirked.
“Forgive me, my friend. Why are you so self-conscious? You were perfect! Just as I expected. And he did book a session.” Sherlock nodded. Then his stomach rumbled and Ian raised a brow.
Sherlock watched him for several minutes but he didn't move or twitch. Only then he changed into something comfortable after he cleaned himself up a bit. He never expected something like this to happen. But it had been great. John had been great. He was sure they could do it again. He rubbed his prick through the garment and sighed. He was half-hard again. Then he climbed into bed beside John and pulled him close. He didn't move away. His body was limp. Sherlock’s cock was pressed against him and he rutted carefully until he came. Only then he let go and fell asleep, too.
He was in his bed. He actually knelt on his bed. His long legs were folded beneath him. His left held his aching prick while his right was tearing at his hair.
Out of dark brown eyes, he looked up at John pleading for help. John carefully knelt by his side and once checked if he had closed the door. Only then he sadly shook his head.
Greg appeared by her side and both of them pulled Sherlock up and onboard. John followed suit and at once knelt by Sherlock’s side. He straddled him and pressed on his chest trying to get the water out of his body.
“Thank you for coming!” He jumped off the bed again and left John and Sherlock alone. John didn't mind that Sherlock just had been licked by a big wolf. He took Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him.
“Hey…” He gently said taking his hand. Mycroft made a step back but John stopped him by speaking up.
“That’s nice, love.” He had no idea what else to say. He saw though that Sherlock ground his teeth and turned away. He knew what that meant. He approached him and gently slung his arms around his waist.
This was supposed to be a punishment. And it was only John’s decision what to do to punish him. He could do whatever he wanted, as long as it wasn’t something listed on Sherlock’s .
“I want to try what you two have.” Greg nodded and walked to the bar. John's eyes followed him and then he looked at Sherlock.
“And that means, young man, it will go away again soon again because only you can keep him busy and make him forget.” She boxed his arm and the smile on Sherlock’s face was back up.
“Oh?” He said and dashed along. John automatically followed eating the fries. He was used to eating on the run.
“Please, it deserves a punishment for whatever reason you have. You are always right about it. It will gratefully take them all.” John grinned like the sadistic devil he was and stepped up. The first blow hit Sherlock’s back.
“Of course, John. I understand you are exhausted and want to rest.” Obviously, Sherlock thought John wanted to go to sleep in his room upstairs.
“Yes, I have. I have also wiped you clean with a warm washcloth and you haven’t woken.” John blushed a bit. Then he lifted himself up and groaned.
“You are going home today, Mr Holmes. Everything looks good and you are free to leave. I am sure Dr Watson will pick you up soon enough.” She smiled and he beamed at her.
Then he exhaled, put the car into gear and let go of the power. He grinned because he knew there wouldn't be any speeding-tickets or some such nonsense; not for them there would.
“I dreamed of this the whole time.” He pushed into him and gave him pleasure. Sherlock moved with him. He also let it all out since he wasn't gagged or had been told to stay quiet.
“I believe you have finished? The horrible noises have stopped at last.” He pulled a face and for once Sherlock did not look affected.
“No, of course not. I will tell you where to get bagged blood. Heat it up for him in the microwave and spice it with some cinnamon. He likes that and it will calm him down.”
“Ask right away, Sherlock. You are my friend and I don't mind.” Greg had cleaned his plate and now wiped his mouth.
“I am not a sadist. I will always listen to you. I will always watch you closely. I can clearly see if you are cramping and want to get out or if you are faking. I am a doctor and I know when it’s time to set you free. Even if you haven’t signalled me to do so.” John was serious and it calmed Sherlock down.
“Perhaps it’s a little yellow around the edges, Sir.” He whispered. Sherlock slung his arms around him and pressed him against his chest. He kissed his nape and just stroked over his body until John had calmed down again.
“OK, you are coming with. We will be staying in my town-house. There will be no servants. It is way smaller than this place and I rarely use it. But we could go out and have dinner?” John had no idea where that came from and he was surprised about himself. But not as surprised as Sherlock was.
“Hold your position right there, bitch.” Sherlock did exactly that while John left the bath. He soon returned with a set of stainless-steel cuffs for both ankles and wrists. They were padded on the inside and felt smooth on his skin. They were closed, too, and they also didn't have a lock. They were just like the new collar and John felt his arousal increase.
“Do you even have to ask? Dinner was tasty and perfect. I loved it!” Sherlock enjoyed the praise. Finally, he was able to enjoy something given to him by somebody not being his brother or Greg.
He assumed that for this rather harmless game they wouldn’t need one. He trusted Sherlock to signal his displeasure, discomfort or pain if needed. So far, he seemed to enjoy this.
“Yes, Master.” Sherlock got up and quickly disappeared into the bath. He quickly showered and also washed his hair. All naked he appeared in front of his dom again who simply pointed between his legs. Sherlock knew what he wanted and knelt between his thighs with his back on him.
“I know, Sebby. I just want him to sit on the ground by my side in this harness and a collar. He should manage that, don't you think?” Sebastian sighed but nodded. But he didn't leave. Instead, he looked at Jim.
The man threw him around and straddled him. He caught his wrists and held them down beside his head. Drops of blood fell down on Sherlock's face.
His fingers moved over the parts of Sherlock’s body he could reach from his position and he heard him make quiet noises.
Carefully, Sherlock got off the bed and covered him with a blanket. He washed his hands and sat in an armchair. He didn't read but only watched his Master. John. And he forgot all about breakfast.
Sherlock though was happy with the arrangement. He liked Dr Watson, he actually liked having him around which was weird because normally he wasn’t close to other people. He loathed other people because they were pedestrian and boring.
“And you shall have it. But try and find something small and nice. A boutique inn, perhaps. Small, but tidy with an ensuite.” John suggested.
John brought two glasses with the bottle and poured them wine before he sat. Then he shoved the bowl over.
“That's correct.” Sherlock stood. He wore jeans and a button-down. Most of their clothes had been ruined in the play-room.
“I am sorry. I really don't know how to say this. And that fact scares me even more...” Mycroft finished his drink.
He intently listened and heard the soft steps coming closer. He waited until the last second before he got the gun around the armchair. He shot several times and hit him in his shin, the thigh, and the chest. He had no chance to attack. He had simply underestimated Sherlock. He just fell bleeding all over the hardwood. Sherlock had hit an artery. He took his gun and once kicked him but he was gone already. Soon he would be dead.
“No, no, no! Wait! I am just surprised, you know? I never would have expected this!” Greg quickly approached him and gently took his hand.
“I am right here. I needed the loo and brush my teeth.” Sherlock hummed and walked away into the bath. When he returned, he only wore his dressing-gown and it was open. John sighed but it was a happy sigh.
Greg kept waiting for a bit longer now. Finally, there was a picture being sent. He opened it when a text followed suit.
John woke at once and he knew he had missed his appointment at the hospital. He was wide awake again.
“It’s your job. I won’t do it myself.” Sherlock looked at him for a second and then hurried to retrieve the collar. He knelt beside John and buckled it around his neck again.
John fiddled with the bow and then opened it. Then he stared into the box for minutes. Sherlock watched him carefully. The emotions running over his face were clear. He loved the present.
“You know, I had ordered several things to try out. Then bad things happened and Greg needed to sort it out for us. Furthermore, I decided to go another way. I still want to explore these things but now I found there are special places, apartments, that cater to people who like to
Sherlock actually devoured a lot for lunch and Ian was pleased to see it. But he knew he also had to talk some more.
She swallowed when watching the film that had been made of Sherlock. They didn't mention his name but all the hints were clear enough. And if you were in a certain business, you knew your enemies. On that site though he was just a certain someone on sale for a rather large sum of a minimum amount of GBP 30.000. You could only bid online. The auction would end the next day at midnight.
“See? So how could John know what you want? Need? Stand? Bear?” Sherlock started to form a word but then just closed his mouth again. He thoughtfully chewed on a piece of beef.
“Good morning, sunshine!” John said and came closer. Sherlock looked up at him and a tiny smile was on his face.
“I slept. I had breakfast. Good breakfast. I showered. Greg made my hair.” Greg remembered the most eloquent Sherlock Holmes who spoke so fast about his deductions that you almost thought he never needed to breathe. And now this. He hated it. But Dr Kim didn't seem to mind.
John hadn’t had sex since Afghanistan. It was months now and he was feeling lonely. Lonely and bored. Not that he minded a man in his bed but he would have never thought of Sherlock to show any interest in him. Him of all people.
They texted back and forth for a while until Anthea sent something important, he had to react to. Greg woke soon after.
They found yet another cosy restaurant by the sea and Rogers cleared two tables for them. Greg studied the menu and ordered fish and chips. Mycroft actually chose a fish pie with chips but asked for a smaller helping. He wasn’t denied and got a bowl with salad as compensation. They both had a beer and enjoyed dinner. Greg looked around and seemed to have found something interesting. Mycroft turned as well.
“Your beautiful eyes are very smallish.” Mycroft said thoughtfully. Greg tilted his head and smiled.
He listened to John move through the flat. He was still limping and Sherlock didn't like it. He was worried about him. He needed to get better soon. He missed him by his side and got bored. He didn't want to read, he actually wanted John.
He could hear John singing in the tub and splashing with water. One day he would take a midnight bath in the warm sea with him. They could go on a holiday together.
“It’s less tense, I am fed and I would like a drink, please?” In a second Sherlock was up and poured drinks.
“We are good. Don't worry.” Only then he started on breakfast for Greg and himself. He sat down with him.
“He will love you, too.” John had no idea what to think about this but strangely he felt absolutely safe.
“You went to Baskerville to interrogate him for two bloody days. Please, I need to know. I want to know what he had to say.”
He rang for his secretary to get fresh coffee and a bit of breakfast. It arrived at the same time as Sherlock who almost greedily looked at the offerings. He heavily sat on the sofa and took a coffee first. Mycroft let him and waited for him to speak.
“We can hope for that. Please, go and see him. Talk to him and then talk to me. Perhaps he even would like to meet me. If not, we can't force him.” Now Ian interrupted.
“Sherlock, I am going to…” Then it was too late and he couldn’t hold back anymore. He felt like a bloody teenager when he shot his cum uncontrollably into Sherlock who simply swallowed it all and licked his lips afterwards.
“Good night, John.” And off he went into his bedroom. John stared at his back and then at the closed door. He stood there with his open denims and spent cock hanging out. His lips were swollen and red. He was still a bit dizzy.
He hurried to get back. Sherlock sat on the metal stretcher still only clad in his boxers. He looked at his watch when John entered the morgue.
He had also asked him to refrain from disturbing Sherlock now. And he didn’t call them even though he knew that this woman had been Dr Watson’s therapist. He just did what Mycroft wanted. He liked his job. And he liked Mycroft.
“You are at home, Sherlock. John Watson is not here. He won't do you any harm ever again.” Sherlock relaxed a little bit.
“He will sleep for a good while, Mycroft.” Right then Greg entered the room. Mycroft turned his head and visibly relaxed.
“Yes, sure. But first, we shall have dinner.” They walked out of the library and Sherlock followed crawling behind. They reached the dining room and sat down.
“Listen, you are clearly not in the mood for another scene. We are going home.” Ian stood and Sherlock stared up at him.
“Well, Mike, I have been to hell and back.” They talked for a while and finally exchanged numbers. Of course, Mike offered his help and of course, John denied him.
“My team has searched your flat, Sherlock. All your things are still there. John Watson stored everything in 221C. He also had his place at 221C, a fully furnished flat.” Greg looked angry, very much so, but suppressed the emotion. Instead he offered.
Slowly Sherlock stood and walked back. He looked at John who was close to waking up. He could sense it.
“I would have let you known if I weren’t. But you were perfect. I deeply enjoyed everything.” He smiled and slowly placed a slice of cucumber onto his tongue and into his mouth. Greg swallowed and quickly cast his eyes. Then he shifted on his chair and Mycroft chuckled.
“Bite into the sheets, slut!” Sherlock did exactly that and screamed when the pegs came off. He cried again and his body shook. It turned John on. A lot. He was completely hard again after just having come.
“I will listen to you. Go ahead, pet.” Sherlock moved between John's legs and placed his head on his chest. John heard his fast-beating heart. This position felt surprisingly nice. He liked it and tightened his muscular thighs around Sherlock’s body.
He still thought if he should better pull back or not when Sherlock shot his load up and into his mouth and throat. John swallowed by instinct but wasn’t able to manage the masses of spit and cum. He coughed and choked and spit around Sherlock. Now tears fell from his eyes, too. He also belched.
“Get your examination and call me as soon as you are ready to be picked up. I will come running.” He smiled and kissed him gently on the forehead.
“No, you don’t. Or at least I can make sense of it. You want to be close to me. So, do I. I am attracted to you, Mycroft. I like you. And I’d like to be close to you, as well.” Their eyes met again and Mycroft had an expression on his face as if he couldn’t believe a single word Greg had just spoken. He opened his mouth and then just closed it again. He kept staring at Greg though.
“Good morning, Sherlock, DI Lestrade. How are you doing?” He openly looked at Sherlock who looked at Greg in return.
“Well, if you can’t tell that anymore, Lestrade … Anyway, your officers trampled all over the place as did other people before. No evidence there. And even if, Anderson wouldn’t find them.”
This beautiful, beautiful, man was on his knees before him and sucked the life out of his cock. Perhaps even his soul.
“No, no, no, Sherlock. Get undressed first, please?” Sherlock just started to shed his clothes never minding Greg. He was so used to it still, followed the orders given to him.
Neither said something about these intimate touches. John turned on his side facing away from him. He needed to hide his erection. Sherlock’s hand slowly moved down and palmed his prick. Then he willed it to go away. It was just transport anyway.
“No, I wasn’t since the Thai was crowded. But since I know you are an adult person; I knew you would cope somehow. And I promised to bring your favourite!” Greg grinned when Sherlock’s face lightened up. He quickly came over and snatched a bag from him to inhale the scent.
“Perfect.” He climbed back between Sherlock’s legs and simply pushed back in. He fucked him hard for many long minutes. Sherlock would surely have alerted the authorities by his alarmingly loud screams but the gag was efficient.
“Listen, I know it’s the evening before Christmas Morning but we will be on our merry way tomorrow. Plus, I don’t want them to see what I have for you.” Sherlock stood and walked up to the tree.
“Harder. Faster. More. More!” Sherlock screamed and his body arched. He also clenched around him and John wasn’t able to hold back anymore. He screamed as well and came. He shot his cum into Sherlock’s willing body and almost blacked out from the intensity of it all.
He joined his dom in the library where he placed a black leather collar around his neck. It was padded and soft on the insides but rather heavy.
“Stretch your arms to the side, please.” His voice was soft and quiet. He watched when the man in front of him spread his arms wide. Sergej shook out the first length of rope and he kept thinking.
“Jesus…” John muttered and exhaled. He turned his head and looked to the side where he found him on his front and the head buried into the pillow.
“Yes, I do. And I further accuse you of getting off on it. Your pupils are dilated right now.” John cleared his throat and cast his eyes.
They locked eyes and John saw how happy Sherlock was. He lifted both arms and John came closer. They hugged and when John lifted his head their lips met and they kissed. Just lightly and their lips barely brushed over each other’s but it was enough for now.
and John was actually first inside. A second later shots were fired. It was over soon; the troops were very efficient.
“At first though I’ll call my brother and invite myself into the Diogenes for breakfast tomorrow morning. Are you going to text Lestrade for a pint?” Sherlock asked.
“Sure, go ahead. He is done for today. The file has been updated. Feel free, Dr Watson, and have a nice day.” She turned around and John opened the door.
Sherlock did enlighten everybody. Of course, he did. Then he just dashed outside his dark coat billowing around him. He looked back.
“Hey, hey. Don’t cry, ok? I want you to rest for a little while. I will meanwhile disinfect the wound and put another bandage on.” Sherlock once sobbed but nodded.
“Well, yes, of course I do mind. You are in my bedroom, Sherlock. It’s not appropriate.” Sherlock snorted.
“We have checked the premises again. This room has been checked just this morning. Please, let us know when you intend to leave, Sir.” He looked at Mycroft.
John had spent some delightful hours in 221B after coming home from his shift. He wondered about his future with Sherlock. He stood leaning against the doorframe of his bedroom and looked inside. He would be with him. Here, in his bed. He would make love to him. He would fuck him.
“I see. I will remove the clamps then, shall I?” Very quickly he lifted the riding-crop and hit the clamps making them fly through the room. John screamed from behind the ball-gag and swayed on his knees. His cock twitched. The pain in his nipples combined with the permanent tease on his prostate was excellent. His drooling intensified.
Next, he got chained to the wall with his arms up and his legs spread. John once boxed him into his ribs and made him groan.
“Greg explained everything very thorough, I think. I don't really know what to tell you. But you should know I feel much better with you around. I wasn't pleased with the situation. I hate hospitals. I don't want to be here. I probably expected you to do something, to help me out of here. And then you didn't and I became angry.”
“Whatever you say...” He followed him upstairs and was rather surprised to find a nice room with a big bed and a fire-place.
“Yes, I have. I fell in love with her. She was beautiful and a kind submissive. She went under easily. And...” Greg looked up and met Sherlock's eyes.
“Go and get my food, please!” He could hear him and then the door banging close again. He shook his head. Hopefully he didn't scare off the delivery guy again. He found his trackpants and a tee on the heating. He smiled and got dressed. There were also socks.
“I like him a lot. He makes me feel good, very good. Actually, I don't want to lose him. I want to spend time with him. But the situation here has been too much. I couldn't cope and lashed out. He didn't deserve that.” Sherlock chewed on his lips.
Sherlock smelled the weirdness coming from his flat. He climbed up the seventeen stairs and wrinkled his nose.
He sighed and threw the folder back on the desk. He had another look into his bedroom and found Sherlock awake. He was sitting up and rubbing over his face.
At first, soup was served. It was a very tasty Asparagus soup and Sherlock hated it. But he politely ate a few spoons and then drank the wine fitting to the first course. John ate everything. He also took the buttered bread that was still warm. He was completely relaxed and Sherlock could feel it.
“Would you like to take a shower before dinner? I can offer you a set of my comfies. They would be a bit on the short side but should fit around your slim body with the string? Warm socks perhaps?”
“You should be flattered!” Mycroft entered the room clad in black cargo pants and a tee. Sherlock gaped at him.
“No, not talk about it. Just hold me, please?” Sherlock wound his long, bony limbs around John’s body and lay down with him. He still felt him shiver.
He was reminded of his meals by Ian's texts though and he did go into the kitchen to prepare a snack. He even went so far as to send a picture of it to Ian.
Sherlock wondered about the fact of how fast John had changed. He obviously enjoyed this and if he kept going like this, he would be a great dominant himself time come.
Sherlock exhaled and closed his eyes. He was tired now. His erection had flagged again and he fell asleep holding John against his body.
Mycroft's team had set up camp inside a hangar directly at the airport of Inverness. Greg was impressed because of the power Mycroft was holding. He actually had had no idea. Sherlock had often made jokes about it earlier but Greg had never taken it seriously. Well, now he had.
He wildly tore at his hair and yelled his name coming down his throat. Sherlock swallowed everything and let go with an obscene pop.
That was something he didn’t want. He loved Sherlock. He had waited for so long. He can’t lose him now because he had behaved stupidly. Sherlock had been right to hit him. Being drunk was no excuse.
He endured everything because he knew he would be rewarded. He would even play his violin nicely dressed up in a suit and strategically placed beside the tree. Between the tree and the piano, actually. Mycroft had to play the piano.
“I have no idea so far. We can't just grab her and take her back to Mycroft's, can we?” John parked the car.
Afterwards, though, he started to rub constantly over Sherlock’s prostate. He heard some fierce screaming and pulled out.
“You may let it all out. Let me hear you, Johnny-boy.” John was relieved to hear that. He fully relaxed and started to enjoy the treatment he was given. He yelled and screamed and moved his hips. John shuddered and helplessly took everything he was given.
Now he had a slave who obeyed like no other before. Who was able to bring him to orgasm like an artist. And his slave was speaking several languages and had even studied. He could be of great assistance for his businesses, mainly the one with the government. And he knew the Detective Inspector from before. It was almost too good to be true.
„Good morning, sunshine.“ He roughly whispered and Sherlock smiled stroking over his legs and stomach. He made him come and John pulled him up kissing him.
“Well, pet. Since I am so very pleased with you, proud even, I want to grant you a wish. You may ask for one thing to get off nicely. Any way you want, I will do it.” John thought it was a splendid idea and he wondered what his sub would wish for.
John had felt it grow more and more and now he could feel it twitch. Also, a remarkable amount of precum had oozed out of it. Mixed up with his saliva, he had swallowed it. He was curious how Sherlock tasted. He couldn’t even name the things he tasted. He could only think about how perfect everything was.
How was it possible he got sick so quickly? John worried his lips and looked at him. Then he decided to stay by his side. He got a blanket and some tea and sat in the armchair in Sherlock's room.
That day they went to bed rather early. Sherlock read a book while John fell asleep rather quickly having placed his hand on Sherlock’s stomach. He liked to do that.
“I went shopping. I might have bought some things a bit not good.” Sherlock said and John smiled. He still looked rather exhausted though.
“Not at the pick-up, John. You may join the troops storming in, I'll give you that.” John worried his lips but finally agreed.
“I will do it. Please, sit down, Greg. You have done so much for me already.” Greg looked at him for about a few seconds and finally nodded.
“If you need me to stop, please, talk to me. Say something. Just don’t bear with it if it isn’t good. Because it’s supposed to be good. I want you to feel great with me. So, please, be honest with me, yes?” John said rubbing his forefinger over his hole. Slowly and in circles while he spoke to him.
“You are right. Come on. I need to eat.” They got dressed and Greg was already used to Mycroft texting his team about them leaving.
He tried to think of something else. Not Sherlock on his knees. Not Sherlock. Something nasty. Ugly. Perhaps an Ogre in underwear.
“Myc… What’s wrong?” Suddenly there was Sherlock standing by his side holding out his hand. Mycroft handed over the package and Sherlock took one. He inhaled, too.
“I’ll be taking care of that, too.” He took his hand and led him into the bath. He turned the water on and left again while Greg used the loo. He undressed himself and prepared two drinks. Back in the bath, Greg already sat in the bubbling water looking relaxed. He held out his hands to take the glasses from Mycroft.
“Crime scene by the Millennium Wheel.” Sherlock summoned a cab out of nothing and they rode over. The moment they had left their flat everything was normal, so to say. They wouldn’t bring their dom/sub thing into work. Not in front of others. Sherlock had wished for that being afraid of losing their respect if they knew. John had agreed to that. For now, he was happy enough with the fact that Sherlock submitted to him at home. The rest, well, he would just see to it time come.
After a while, John pulled at the straps and took off the binding. Sherlock arched his body and his eyes fluttered close. John increased his pushes and moved faster and faster. His fingers were around his prick and rubbed and pressed but in a most gentle way.
“Dr Watson, I am Sherlock’s brother Mycroft. Nice to meet you.” John, polite as he was, automatically shook his hand.
He got a knife from a drawer, a locked drawer, and cut off the ropes. Sherlock's limbs fell to the sides. He couldn't move them a bit and they hurt so much. Now he groaned but only quietly. He knew better.
She alerted Mycroft who in turn alerted his troops. He still was with Greg and John. He just couldn't have left. Somehow, he felt like he needed to be close to Gregory. He was very much attracted to him and Gregory seemed to return his feelings.
“I wasn't of age, of course, I wasn't. But I was a young boy and definitely aroused. She asked me if I really felt ready to find out and I simply nodded. She led the way into her bedroom then, opened the door and gestured me inside. It was the first time I saw a play-room.” He smiled looking at Sherlock.
“Good morning! You worried me a bit when I couldn't find you.” Greg leant against the counter and sipped his coffee. Then his eyes moved over the bag Sherlock was holding.
“Sure, come along. I’ll show you the way.” She opened the door and Sherlock entered. He quickly walked up to the bed and took John’s hand. He was very pale but his eyes were moving beneath their lids and Sherlock could see he was waking up right now.
John took the cage away and found Sherlock’s cock a bit rough and red. Gently he took him in his hands and locked eyes with him.
“I am not leaving you behind, my love, I am going to Tesco.” John spoke against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock mumbled something unintelligible.
„Hey, come down. I am right here.“ Greg hugged him and just held him for a bit. It took John a while until he was able to continue.
Sherlock was caught inside his head. He was sweaty, he was thirsty and he was aroused. Now he was also soiled because he had wet himself and pissed into the plastic. He tried to widen the foil but John had done a great job. He wiggled and wiggled but nothing happened instead that he sweated even more.
“Put him back together again. I wait for you. Go.” He waved him out and away and Sebastian left. He returned to the living room and looked at the vampire's crumpled form on the carpet. He didn't move and barely breathed. Sebastian took the gag away and watched his jaw slowly slack and close half-way. A low, throaty moan escaped his lips but nothing more. Next, he took off the handcuffs and the leash. Sherlock's head lolled over the carpet. Sebastian lifted him up and carried him into a bath. He filled the tub and carefully washed him. There was no reaction coming from him. He towelled him dry and carried him back into the dungeon. There was a lilo by now and a blanket. He pulled it up and over his body and only then he saw his eyes flutter. He touched his hand and quietly murmured a single word.
“Sergej?” He called out still rather raspy. The man stopped and looked over his shoulder. Then he fully turned and made a few steps back towards Mycroft.
“You are very brave. You can do it. Try to relax. Look at me.” Sherlock panted when Dr Kim took his cock. He flinched when hearing the noise. He felt the ring being removed. Then it suddenly felt lighter down there and he dared to look. The ring was gone.
“We know where they are, Sir. We have found the place Dr Watson holds your brother hostage.” He pointed over to a rather large screen. It showed an old castle in the middle of nowhere. It would be hard to approach.
In return, John seemed to be at least a bit affected by this. He didn’t move away from him but he looked quite a bit confused.
“Sure.” He pressed a button and her flat appeared on screen. And there she was. She was pacing through the rooms and John was still fascinated.
“Quite lovely, in fact.” He let go and sauntered away. He stood in front of the window and John saw that he was already thinking.
“That’s not true. I am sure your brother loves you in a weird sort of way. So does Dr Hooper, only you don’t see it. And then there is me. I love you dearly. The moment I laid my eyes on you when you stayed behind after the DI left, I knew there was something. You fascinated me and I wanted you.”
“Now lift up your wonderful arse, so I can help you.” John did that, too, and his face showed a rather nice blush by now. Sherlock grinned shoving the thick diaper for adults under him. He closed one side and held down his prick before he closed the other side tightly. He pulled him up into a sitting position.
They walked upstairs where his brother had provided him with a tablet. Sherlock was very pleased and at once shed his clothes to climb into bed.
John shed his jacket on the way and stepped out of his shoes. He heard Greg call out behind him and simply dropped his not very legal gun on top of his bunch of clothes. Then he jumped headfirst into the dirty and cold depth.
“Relax…” John whispered into his ear and Sherlock really tried. The bubbles came on since John had brought the remote this time. It became better.
The first hit came out of the blue. Sherlock screamed after the third strong blow. His behind felt like being on fire. His skin was hot and burning. His behind was dark red.
“The incentive, you remember?” He poked him with it. Then he stood again and made a few steps back spreading his legs. Sherlock's eyes followed him and he was scared. He knew how much pain the devices could cause him. And he had no idea how they should make him get back on all fours.
“Present!” John ordered and Sherlock quickly undressed. He folded the clothes neatly by his side and fell into position. The crowd murmured very excitedly and John was proud. It belonged to him.
“What is it?” He asked. He had been a mile away walking through his mind palace where all his memories were stored. Good and bad.
And she also knew what John preferred because his favourite was on the table, as well. Now John knew why she had interviewed him so very thoroughly. Now perhaps there even was a file. He really didn’t want to know. He had learnt to simply accept these things.
„Oh. Well, pack whatever.“ He shrugged and turned away to prepare some snacks for the road. Sherlock finished to stuff things into several bags.
“Hush, John...” Sherlock whispered and kissed his face, actually kissed his tears away. Then he blindfolded him and John fully relaxed. No coherent thoughts were in his brain. He just felt warm and fuzzy.
“You don’t. We will be spending more time together later. Now I am enjoying you having fun. You look a completely different man right now. Go!” Mycroft grinned and cast a look at Rogers. They let go of their horses at the same time and Greg wondered if they had done this before. He watched them until they disappeared into the treeline again. Then he sighed and shook his head.
“Feel free to take what you want, my friend. I will be back soon. And don't you worry!” Ian looked stern but failed. It made Sherlock smile and relax. He slumped into the chair.
“Care for a snack, brother-dear?” Sherlock snarled and showed his fangs. Mycroft clicked his fingers and a man was brought inside. Tied and gagged. Sherlock’s eyes moved over him and he once sniffed. Then he just grabbed him and fell back on the armchair. The male fought and kicked for his life but Sherlock was so very wired and stressed, he just bit down and sucked him dry. He savoured the scent of panic and fear, destruction, and death. When he was done, the corpse was taken out of his hands and pulled away. Then he was handed a napkin and he wiped his mouth.
„We will be leaving on Friday and stay for the night. Wish us fun!“ Sherlock grinned and donned his coat.
Sherlock shook his head but was actually rather convinced that it would work out. He pocketed his mobile and made some tea. He checked the time and raised a brow. John’s shift had already ended. He put the kettle on and made tea for John as well.
“Not yet, please.” Sherlock begged and John took his cock by the base and held it tight. He closed his eyes and didn’t move. Sherlock went still, too. Then they looked at each other and Sherlock grinned.
“There were videos from the club you performed in. There were certain blog entries from different people praising your skill-set as well as you being a perfect switch.” The answer came rather quietly as if Mycroft just realised how intrusive he had been acting.
“That might just be happening.” They hung up and Sherlock drank the tea and ate the cake waiting for John to come back.
“There will be incidents in the future. They just happen because you have to get to know each other properly. There will be misunderstandings. Lots of them. Things that are normal to us, aren’t for them. But you know Sherlock very well. That will be an advantage in handling Mycroft.”
Sherlock knocked at Mycroft's office and was allowed inside. Now he stood in front of his brother's desk and they had a staring contest.
Sherlock knelt on the lawn and reached out for them. He ruffled their fur and quietly mumbled his thanks. He got licked and nudged again. Then both wolves looked at Mycroft and John who nodded. They turned around and disappeared into the woods.
“Yes, you could say that. The school wasn't good. I became a police-man very early. No one ever taught me about protocols at the table or a dressing-code for different occasions. The first one who tried was my wife.” Sherlock thought about his reply and now wanted to ask more but he didn't dare.
Greg parked his police-cruiser inside the court garage and rode the elevator upstairs. He directly walked into the courtroom and at once saw John Watson already sitting there. They greeted each other and Greg took his place with other police-officers. He wore a tiny device that would allow him to listen to what Mycroft was doing.
John sat on his heels and looked at Sherlock. He didn’t move anymore and his breathing was slow and low. He reached out with a shaking hand and felt his pulse. Slow but fine.
“I know, Sherlock. She is mean to you and I am trying to stop it, OK?  I will talk to Greg, too.” Sherlock would have preferred to talk to Greg alone but he didn’t say so.
“I still can't believe it...” Sherlock whispered and lit another cigarette. Greg did the same and they sat in silence for a while until Ian reappeared.
Sherlock knew John would find all the needed supplies since he had ordered them online a few days ago. He had sorted them into their fridge and cupboards just yesterday and John hadn’t really noticed.
“Oh, it sure does have table manners.” He took off the connection between his wrist cuffs and ordered him to present.
“Nice...” He muttered and opened the bottle. His long fingers curled around the brass handle and Ian couldn't but watch him. The sound of the cork coming out woke him up again and he watched him taking the bottle into the dining room.
Ian understood it was better to leave. He didn't want to risk his health and if he wanted him to leave, he would just do so. He stood and picked up his backpack.
“If you manage for ten minutes more, there will be a splendid reward.” They locked eyes and Sherlock shivered. Then he nodded.
“Hey, tiger. I will shove everything into their behinds I can think of. But nothing warm which belongs to you.” Sebastian couldn’t believe his ears. He just kissed him and didn’t know what to say. Moriarty smiled and Sebastian just had to tell him.
Mycroft switched the plug back on and the intensity increased some more. The thing pulsed inside Greg’s behind and he twitched inside the ropes.
“I want them to do it this way. It's harder to fake.” Sherlock snorted and then tensed at once. He cast his eyes and felt the urge to fall down on his knees.
“I should call my driver now.” Mycroft placed his glass on the table and stood straightening his suit.
“If you only want to go in there because you are jealous, then don't. If you are afraid, I would leave you, please don't. I would happily let him go, set him free, take him home myself, if it would make anything better.” Sherlock looked at their hands together.
“He looked at me and we sat on the sofa. I mentally prepared myself and tried really to be nice and calm. But then he just snogged me down. I believe that is nowadays term. It took me some time to react but when I did, he melted into my arms. And I felt what he felt and it felt just great.”
“Sleep, brother-dear.” Sherlock cast him a last look but then his eyes slowly closed and his head fell to the side. He slept. Mycroft took his pulse and it was getting better. He stood and left his room. Gregory had bought a baby-monitor and by now Mycroft was glad he had done so.
“Sherlock, what happened? Where is your stubborn brother?” He asked coming closer. Sherlock stayed behind the desk.
“No, please, no, Sir! Don't pierce my nipples! Please? Master, please?” He started to sweat and twist his body but of course to no avail.
Sherlock screamed and threw his mobile against the wall. It shattered to pieces. John jerked and kept pulling at his restraints not being able to see. Sherlock stared at John. He was angry beyond anything. But he was able to focus on something else. He can’t hurt John. It wasn’t John’s fault. He still wanted to keep him. Probably the wish to keep him had been so big, he unconsciously radiated glamour, drowned John in it.
That's why John wasn't suspicious at all when he found the chaotic display. He just thought Sherlock couldn't be bothered to clean up after him and started to pick up old newspapers, a few books, and the tablet. But when he entered the kitchen and found plates and cutlery everywhere and partly broken, he raised a brow.
He kept thinking about how to approach Gregory. What was he supposed to tell him? He couldn’t just stutter and babble away as Dr Watson suggested. But perhaps he should? It was undignified though, very much indeed.
“Talk to me, John.” He quietly ordered. John looked at him for a few seconds and then just held up his arms. It was an answer, too, and it made Sherlock smile.
“Please… Please… Please…” He begged looking desperate. He had understood what John was doing and he earned a grin in return.
“Very well done. I am very pleased with it.” He pulled him back into the salon where his dom danced with him again.
“John?” Sherlock stood by his side and made him look up. John at once concentrated on him and smiled.
“Since you need to bite down, I can’t use your favourite gag. But gag you I will.” John announced and then he taped his mouth shut. Sherlock groaned. But he also felt that this was special tape, not duct tape, so it wouldn’t hurt when it came off.
“Yes, Sir.” One guard carefully picked up Sherlock and quickly carried him away and into the elevator. The aisle had been cleared and they reached the garage in under a minute. Mycroft climbed into his car and the guard gently placed Sherlock beside him.
“Very well. Why don’t you come over for breakfast into the Diogenes tomorrow morning? I happen to know that John has an early shift.” Sherlock quietly snorted.
It kept kneeling straight and waited for more orders to come. Bloody hell, that had been extraordinaire. The powerful dom cleared his throat and dressed again.
“I know just by looking at DI Lestrade what he feels for your brother and that he holds back. I therefore deduce the fight was about sexual experiments, wasn't it?” She asked looking over the rim of her teacup.
“I need to get supplies from the pharmacy, Sherlock. I want you to rest now. Eat an ice-cream.” Sherlock stood but swayed on the spot only to fall down on the chair again. He quietly groaned.
John still worked at the hospital. He took one shift or the other just not to be on a regular schedule, just in case Sherlock might plan something.
Meanwhile, he scanned the paper for jobs. Mrs Hudson had been so kind to bring the newspaper, too, so he sat at the kitchen table and read the job ads.
His cock bopped up and down leaking constantly and Sherlock eyed it greedily. John’s eyes were closed again and he almost sobbed while moving on top of Sherlock. Suddenly he pulled him down by his hands and bit down on his good shoulder. John screamed and came spurting his cum all over Sherlock. He shivered almost uncontrollably and wasn’t able to hold himself. Carefully Sherlock lifted him up and off of him. John moaned when Sherlock slipped out and felt it dribble out of his arse. He hadn’t even noticed he had come inside him. He was already getting hard again. He turned John on his front and placed his hands on the headrest. He knelt there with his back to Sherlock who pushed back in. John’s head came up and he yelled some obscenities Sherlock very much enjoyed that.
Sherlock hooked his fingers behind the hem of his boxers and pulled them down. He stepped out of them and stood there stark naked. The man walked around him but yet didn't touch. He stood close behind though. Sherlock could feel him breathe.
“I want you to top me.” He spoke the words and felt Sherlock tense beneath him. And then he sat up and took John with him. John was fairly surprised when he ended up between his sub's legs leaning against him. But he stayed.
John in the meantime had looked at the small pile of things Sherlock had laid out for them. There were many ropes in different lengths, the head harness with a ball gag, as well as clamps and a cock cage. John raised a brow.
“And yet I have. Not willingly and with intent but it just happened. It happened while we negotiated and I found out a little bit. But I need to know everything. The things he can’t even talk about. I don’t want to do anything and trigger him. It can’t happen…” John looked stricken.
He closed his eyes and felt the prickling behind the lids. It was such an alien feeling. The last time he had cried was at Sherlock’s bed in the hospital when it had been very close.
“Could you please get me somewhere private? Quickly...” He roughly whispered and a sob followed. Ian wondered what had triggered him but simply took over by grabbing his hand and pulling him into the nearest restroom. He locked them in and leant him against the wall.
“I am afraid it is tomorrow already. At 9 o'clock sharp. Please, be on time?” He looked at Sherlock, too.
“By the way, you need to suck on the thing in your mouth. The more you suck, the better for you. The thing measures, that’s what the cables are for.” He giggled and then added:
“Please, let me. I am a doctor.” Jonathan moved to the side taking care of Mycroft now who was paler than ever. John felt Greg's pulse. It was hammering fast. He was pale, clammy, and cold. He saw the fading bite-marks on his neck and wondered if this was an allergic reaction. He had something for it in his bag. Well, for normal allergies like bee-stings, medicine or whatnot. But vampire saliva? He just had to try.
“Well, why aren't you aroused? I am working so hard here and everything is only for you, pet. Can't you show some gratitude?” John started to pull his cock the way Sherlock liked it. Sherlock's body was betraying him.
Tomorrow he would talk to John about subspace. Perhaps, John knew how to reach it or make him reach it. Perhaps, it was just a myth.
While Ian was gone, Sherlock smoked and poured a drink. He felt happy because he had pleased his dom who wasn't even here.
The next morning body-hair was glued to their skin and both men didn’t like it. They had a shower together and applied a load of soapy foam on each other. Sherlock kept complaining until John just took his cock and got him off.
Sherlock hailed a cab and bribed the driver to rush to the bank beside the Tower Bridge. Lestrade was on his way already, too. He had texted him just a few seconds ago.
“Yes, I’d like that.” Sebastian nodded and looked for a canteen or something. Sherlock looked at his very muscular back and exhaled slowly. Then he tried to close several doors of his mind-palace. This time permanently. Instead, he tried to sort through the clues he had found and seen. But he came to no conclusion. His mind was in trouble. John wasn’t here.
“I believe it will be very expensive. I also believe it will be worth it. I know it is fantastic in bed. I still need to know about its skills in experiments, in my laboratory. I will show it some formulas and then it will tell me what’s wrong with them. And you also still have to tell me what you saw, the error. I know you have found something. Tell me and you'll get a reward.” Sherlock just nodded while still being held. He panted and sweated.
John pulled himself up holding on to Sherlock and snatched his cane. He disappeared into the bath and he was badly limping.
He pulled it out of the pocket of his well-worn blue dressing-gown and looked at it. It was an address, 221B Baker Street. He hummed. And then he read the name. Mrs Martha Hudson. He smiled because he remembered her. She was an old case of his. He had actually helped to get rid of her abusive husband. And he made it long-lasting.
“Nice, very nice indeed.” And he pushed inside. Sherlock almost dropped but managed to stay on his hands and knees. The pain was crucial. He knew he would make him bleed. He would tear him apart.
“Very good. I would like to examine you. Could you please undress for me?” At once Sherlock started to shed his clothes and neatly placed them on the chair again. Greg made a few steps back but didn't leave the room.
John watched him for a while sipping his drink. He listened to him crying and trembling. He waited until he started to cramp. Only then he cut off the ropes and stretched out his body. Sherlock’s body shook, he cried and hiccupped. John took off the cock-ring, too, and started to stroke him. Now he groaned and became hard in seconds. His heels bumped on the hardwood while he pushed into John’s hand.
“What did he do?” Sherlock was curious. He clearly remembered what he had told Mycroft. Perhaps he should have been more specific.
Sherlock timed it perfectly. The moment John had reached the bottom of the stairs, the Erlenmeyer flask exploded. Everything blew up opposite of Sherlock and there was a fire, both on the table and the counter. Right after the explosion, he yelled.
“I thought so.” Greg laughed quietly and increased the teasing. He sucked his earlobe and his pulse point while he moved over his chest.
“I do know that. I also know your file, actually I know all your files. But this is a magic fight with powerful magical creatures. You can't shoot them, John.”
“Perhaps you could borrow some clothes from the local police or the hotel? And didn’t want Mycroft send clothes?” John suggested and asked the question.
“Perfect …” He murmured and carried it over to pay for it. He placed the bag beside John leaving him behind on a leather sofa inside the store. John didn’t mind. He really was exhausted.
“Your brother might get a rather high invoice because I already took something bloody expensive from the minibar.” John said coming closer.
He wondered what had upset him so much. Was it the whole Moriarty thing? Was it Moriarty? Or was it rather what had happened to Moriarty? And if yes, why had it taken so long for a reaction to happen?
“I’ll give you a toothbrush and other things right away. I will also change the sheets.” Greg said. He walked into his bedroom and Mycroft already entered the bath. Greg soon brought him everything and left him alone again.
The moment Mycroft arrived home and sat in his armchair thinking about his day, his mobile rang. He pulled it out of his pocket and raised a brow.
John just listened. After Mycroft was done, he cleared his throat and looked directly into his steely grey eyes.
“Good morning, DCI Lestrade. My name is Ian Merchande and I need to talk to you about Sherlock Holmes.” Lestrade felt the cold creeping through this body. He stared at the man and found nothing suspicious about him.
“You are perfect, my beautiful. I need to see right away.” John reached out and opened his trousers. He pulled them over his slim hips and his underwear followed right after.
“Very well. I am beginning right now, Myc.” He got back up on the bed and straddled him by sitting on his flat stomach. He pressed the ball against his lips but Mycroft stubbornly pressed them together.
“You can see my neck by yourself. It has healed completely and so have all the other parts affected by the metal and the electricity. My penis took a bit longer and so did my backside. But stitches weren't needed and everything is back to normal. Not that I knew because naturally I didn't have sex since
“You know you deserved all this and more but I have shown you mercy. You will perform on that stage and you will perform without a flaw. You will not scream. You will not twitch. You will show the utmost obedience. You will do everything I ask for. Am I understood?”
“Bloodstains and a few broken items. Scratches on the hardwood, probably fingernails. Tiny elements of fabric. Loads of fingerprints both upstairs and down here. We'll check everything quickly. For now, we are done here.”
“We will go home, yes. But there one of your witch doctors will give me something, so I will feel much better and instantly get my energy back. Then we will go and find your brother. And when we get to John Watson, I will hold him down while you kick the living shit out of him!” His dark-brown eyes were even darker now and Mycroft was very surprised. He hadn't yet seen this side of Gregory but he found it extremely arousing.
“Excuse me, I have to take this.” He listened and stilled completely. Then he closed his eyes for a second and muttered a reply in a language Greg didn't understand. It sounded a bit like French that he actually understood. But it must be some strange dialect from an area unknown to him.
“Here, I made you pancakes.” John pushed over the plate and Sherlock looked up. He was completely surprised. A tiny smile came up and it somehow pleased John.
John let him have his fun until he had the suspension rack ready. He stood by his side without Sherlock noticing.
“Oh, I absolutely can!” Sherlock could hear the grin in John’s voice. The very next second he threw Sherlock around and chest front on the thin carpet. He pulled off his coat and got hold of his wrists.
“Very much so.” He smiled a shy smile at Sherlock who actually returned it being more relaxed now with Greg around to save the day.
“You need to come inside and take a hot shower or bath. Get up, please?” John said and Sherlock slowly stood. His teeth were chattering and he was pale, sickly so. Inside Ian had taken a blanket and placed it over his shoulders. His whole body shivered and trembled by now.
“Mrs Hudson would be very happy to have you back. She will cook for you, bring you tea in the morning and cookies for tea.” Sherlock smiled.
He didn't move because he didn't want to wake his dom. He slowly and carefully turned his head but there was no one by his side. His dom wasn't in the bed. And this wasn't their guest-room, it was a different room.
“Very well. Go on and get dressed. I will explain afterwards.” John nodded and closed his laptop. He showered and went through all his bathroom routines. He donned his bathrobe and walked upstairs. He chose a pair of denims, a t-shirt and a jumper and dressed. He returned to Sherlock and looked expectantly.
“No, you are worried. Now, that you know who taught me how to dominate someone.” John though shook his head rather vehemently.
Sherlock was dreaming away about a playdate at the Diogenes when John cleared his throat close by. He instantly sat up straight and looked at him. He wondered if he had missed anything.
He held his hand under the cold water while moving up his sleeve. He dabbed the wound with kitchen paper but it didn’t stop.
“I like your choice and will put it on right away.” But at first, he had to pull Sherlock’s balls to get rid of his erection. Sherlock suppressed the noise he wanted to make but hunched his shoulders and scrunched his eyes closed.
“This was my room. Now it's ours. Go and have a look.” Greg stepped inside and stood gaping. It was big. Everything was big. The massive four-poster was the biggest bed he had ever seen in his life. There was a sofa and a fire-place, too. There was a desk with a computer on it, as well. Mycroft pulled him inside.
John finger-fucked him for a long time moving up to four fingers. He had him on the edge and listened to his begging.
“I know that, Sherlock. Come here and let me comfort you.” Ian held out his arms and smiled. Sherlock once sobbed and threw himself into his arms. He cried for a long time while being held by Ian.
“You know how this works.” John needed no more words and carefully opened the water. He only used cold water, of course, he did.
“Are you in the mood?” He asked and John looked up. Then he simply threw his book on the hardwood because he saw Sherlock standing there all naked and handcuffs were dangling from his long fingers.
“How do you even know that John is renting him out?” She held his searching eyes and just stared back. Then she sighed.
“I wanted to fuck you. I was very aroused. But you had blacked out. I rutted against you and came all over you. I am sorry.” John smiled.
“What?” John looked between them. Sebastian just shrugged and Sherlock pointed out the basket filled with loads of goodies such as chocolate and alcohol. John slowly came closer and had a look. Everything was high-end quality. His hand reached out for his favourite and then he looked at Sebastian.
His hand shook when he finally pulled it out of the box. He couldn’t close it and Sherlock had to help.
“I was a bit worried. No, wrong, I am a lot worried because my business associate will be coming over tonight. He knows that I bought a new slave. Normally, I would let him try it out. But you are too pricey an object, I can’t risk any damage. It will meet him though for dinner but I won’t let him alone with it. It won’t listen to anything he tells it.” Sherlock wondered what more damage could be done to him but didn’t show any emotion on his face.
“What I meant to say was, you don't have to. I am very well capable to join them.” He smiled a bit lopsided.
And John knew he would drop to his knees by instinct. He had the utmost respect for Ian. So, John kept thinking about the best way and words to explain things to Sherlock.
“No, I am good.” They got out and Greg went to bed all naked after having towelled himself dry. He looked up at Mycroft.
Standing in the middle of 221B's living-room Greg raised a brow. Mycroft was afraid he won't be coming back soon enough? What did he think? He shook his head. They really needed to talk.
“Don’t worry, John. I’ll get it up again soon enough.” He grinned a wicked grin and John just shook his head.
“But something is missing, am I right? Something in your plush behind. Do you want something in your arse?” Sherlock nodded again and John stood. Sherlock wasn’t able to see what John brought back but he heard him slick it up. But at first, he undid the ring-gag and exchanged it against a stuffed gag that muted him completely. Only then John pushed the fat plug into his arse. Sherlock groaned and bit down. He started to cry again, too. But when the thing started to fill him up even more when John pumped it up, his body started to shake. He felt so stuffed. And it did nothing for him. It didn’t vibrate and it didn’t move. It just filled him up. And he whined.
John stood and came around the table standing by his side. Gently, he placed his palm flat on his head. Slowly, he curled his fingers and scratched them over his scalp. He felt him relax at once and a soft sigh escaped his lips.
Sherlock couldn’t hold his stare and cast his eyes. John felt him relax and let go. There might be bruises come morning but perhaps this had been necessary.
“So, I see. Welcome, Gregory Lestrade.” He bowed his head and Greg wondered if he was a vampire, too. Then he felt Mycroft's palm on his lower back and was shoved inside. The house was large and Greg looked around with big eyes. Mycroft had taste; this was beautiful. A man's hand showed everywhere. They reached a living room with a big fire-place and armchairs. Greg suddenly felt very small.
“Why don’t you come along? You can give some great advice for both the cake and my clothes.” Sherlock’s face lightened up.
He stood and freshened up. He put his trackpants back on and waited for Sherlock to come back. And when he did, he carried a bottle with a glass. He held it up.
“And I need to take the things back from my room at Mycroft's. Then it really will be like before.” Sherlock eyed the scones and finally took one. He shoved it inside his mouth and smeared cream everywhere. Greg shook his head and Mrs Hudson handed him a napkin.
Sherlock was confused. This was almost too much. And when John handed him a glass of wine he was surprised.
He also moved him back to the bed and sat down. He kept him upright though and started to lick his cock. Sherlock stared down. His eyes moved from his erection to John and back but he didn’t stop him.
John hooked his finger through the Prince Albert and pulled it. Sherlock screamed out his lust and came. He clenched around John who filled him up.
Of course, Sherlock's legs were too long to fit into this and he had to pull them up. John looked at him and just tethered his ankles to the sides, too.
“Thank you very much. Now listen to me carefully because I won’t repeat myself.” He sipped a bit and Mycroft looked at him.
Soon enough Sherlock felt the urgent need to piss. He fidgeted and only hurt himself. He sweated and knew what was to come. At least it was his own urine but he couldn't be sure if it wouldn't end with the man pissing into him to end this day.
John slept for several hours while Sherlock stayed by his side. When he woke, he smiled at him and slowly got out of bed. He went through his bathroom-routine and got dressed in very comfy clothes that had suddenly appeared. Sherlock was confused. He had never seen his dom dressed like this.
“Plus, he would probably have his security pick him up by helicopter and arrest me.” Greg pulled a face. “But I want that weekend!” He pouted and finished his beer.
“Yes, we are. Very much so. But we could be even better. If you stayed, that is. Stay with me. Stay over. Let’s get to know each other.” Greg crept closer and Mycroft just stood there.
“Yes, Master.” John left him and Sherlock looked at his bowls. He needed to drink first. He couldn't hold himself up and over the bowl so he stretched out on his front. His arms were around the bowl and his face hovered right above it. He dipped almost his whole face into it and he inhaled the water. He left a bit for after the food and turned a bit to reach the other bowl. Tonight, it was almost a whole can of cat's food. It was mushy and soft but it contained important nutrition. He needed to eat and he ate. He slung his long shaking fingers around the bowl and licked it clean. Then he drank the rest of the water licking his dry lips.
“I will be right with you.” He returned to his sub and cuffed his arms in the front. He hooked him up so he stood stretched out. The heels were still on his feet and the corsage still sat tight around his waist. A spreader-bar connected his ankles and was hooked to the floor.
Actually, he wanted Sherlock to put it on top. But he would probably throw it over on purpose. That meant John would have to wait.
“Well?” Sergej asked and Mycroft locked eyes with him. He opened his lips and closed them again. Then he licked them. And finally, he spoke.
“You should know, Mycroft, that I love Sherlock. Deeply. I haven’t experienced this with a submissive before. But Sherlock is special. He has opened up to me a lot and I feel that he trusts me. And I do trust him with my life. I would do anything to save him, support him, or even heal him.”
“I am glad. I am extremely pleased with your decision. It would surely have aroused me. Absolutely. Admittingly though, it is way too dangerous. I agree. It has been stupid to even consider this action.”
They fell on the bed and John rolled them towards the middle. He didn’t want to hold him down, that’s why John rested on his side and kept kissing him.
“I have already set up the table. But you could open a bottle. Here.” Ian handed over a bottle with red wine and Sherlock took it.
And he made it. He slumped into the bath and leant against the tiles in the shower stall. The water gushed down over his tormented body and he smiled. This felt so good. He also lifted his head and drank some of it. He washed his hair bent over because he couldn't lift his arms all the way. He hurt too much.
John had tried to close his eyes but found he felt nausea coming up when he did. So, he kept looking at the blurry images and tried to remember some childhood prayer. He also wondered how he had ever been able to fly in a helicopter over the Afghan desert.
Carefully, Sherlock got out of bed. There wasn't anything he could use as a weapon. The only thing he could do was to lock the door and get them a several seconds advantage. And he had to get John. He quietly turned the key and hurried into the bath. John was just towelling himself dry and looked a bit surprised when Sherlock stood in front of him panting. Then he whispered and John dashed out of the bath. He ran over to the bed, rolled over it and ripped open the night-stand to retrieve a gun.
“Talk to him. Tell him what you just told me. And wait for Greg to come home because he went to see him.” Now Sherlock’s head came up.
“Nothing. You.” Sherlock replied. John smiled. He had lost his ability to form whole sentences. It must have been good.
“I brought clothes for tonight.” He made a gesture and another person set a bundle of clothes on the bed.
„The two of you will be the death of me.“ Greg muttered and disappeared downstairs into the café to purchase breakfast.
He was weak and had lost weight during the days he had been here. He wondered how long it would take his brother to come and get him. Even though his dom told him he wouldn't and he told him every single time he spoke to him. He absolutely tried to break him but hadn't managed yet.
“Will do.” They kissed again and Sherlock pulled and tugged until John rested by his side on the bed.
Was Sherlock a sadist or just liked to dominate in bed and elsewhere? Well, John knew about elsewhere. Did he like to hurt people in bed? Did he send him home to see this? Would he be willing to give himself over to Sherlock? Did he trust his lunatic flatmate?
“Eyes on me, slut!” Sherlock at once looked back into John’s eyes who kept pushing deeper and deeper into his mouth not caring about any skills. He only wanted to take him, fuck his face, and come deep down his throat.
“It was wonderful last night. Its performance was brilliant. Now I need to know if Sergej was on the phone and what he talked about.” And Sherlock told him everything. The name of the person he talked to as well as the topic of the conversation. His Master's eyes darkened with anger and the grip in his hair became tighter.
“I want you to take a bath now. You will find clothes afterwards and I want you to join me for dinner. Just like before, you know?”
Very slowly he moved a collar around his neck. John had to close his eyes. This was his fantasy. His mouth stood open and he almost drooled. Sherlock hooked his fingers between the collar and his neck and pulled him back on his feet. He walked around him and started to tease his nipples until they stood out and John shivered. Then they got clamped and the screws were very tight. He groaned loudly and closed his eyes.
“Come here, Greg. My mate is a DI at Scotland Yard's Homicide Division. He knows how to track people down and he knows about interrogation. He will stay here with John and cover the tracks.”
Sherlock had no idea what to say and just kept his mouth shut. He felt hurt. Didn't his dom know how much he cared for him? How much he had missed him? But perhaps he was still his slave after all. He certainly had to adjust his behaviour and change back.
“It sure is. And I brought you this, little brother.” He placed the computer on the desk and added a mobile, too. Greg decided it was time to work on some files. By the look at Sherlock's face, he was ready enough.
Somehow Sherlock managed to get John on the rug and on his back. He parted his legs and rubbed his thigh against his crotch. John was panting and so was Sherlock.
The image helped John fall asleep very quickly. And he slept without any disturbances until noon the next day.
“Now relax. I am going to pull this thing out and get in myself. But first, I want to hear you. And don’t forget to look me into the eyes. Come on, gorgeous!” Sherlock moved his head so he could look at John.
“I am an issue now? Great!” Sherlock stomped away and stood in front of the living-room window. His shoulders shook. John had no idea what to do and decided to give him time. He grabbed his jacket and wanted to leave.
“You don’t have to leave. You can stay if you want.” He said looking at him. Sherlock became more alert.
“He asked for someone called Ian before he fell asleep. He was very worried about him.” Mycroft nodded.
“What the actual fuck?” He suddenly exclaimed when getting to the back of the folder. He stared at Mycroft waving several high definition pictures of himself on a stage wielding a crop.
“Sherlock, come on and sit with us. There is no question about it.” He sat down and looked at all the things. His hands were folded on his lap and he expectantly looked at both his brother and Greg.
“We should celebrate upstairs...” Mycroft whispered and Greg looked up at him. He simply nodded and they got up. Both men's bones cracked when standing up. They held hands and Greg felt all the love he had for the man.
“See, Anderson, what I have been talking about?” Sherlock’s face changed colours from red to white and back. But he wasn’t able to get up. Instead, John stood in front of him and shielded him.
“I borrowed your bag.” He lifted it over his head and placed it on the table. Greg watched him and finally moved a bit closer.
Greg had started to run after Sherlock but got hit by something. It stuck in his back and he couldn't reach it. He knew by heart it wasn't a bullet that had hit him. He very well knew how it felt to get shot and how a bullet inside his body felt.
John’s hands fell down on his knees and he sat back down on his heels. He licked his lips tasting Sherlock. He tasted Sherlock everywhere. The air smelled like Sherlock when he breathed.
Finally, his cock disappeared into its mouth. Its tongue worked wonders and it took it deep into its throat. It swallowed around it, sucked, and licked in perfect motions. He groaned and fisted the hair. He started to push into his plaything.
Sherlock’s face was turned towards the two men towering above him. He continued to make baby-noises and shifted a lot over the mattress. He also wiggled his behind and did more gurgling and belching.
Finally, he stood and sighed walking into the kitchen to have a snack. He wasn’t hungry at all but then he actually was. He should have eaten something with John and now he didn’t feel like cooking.
“Nothing much really… You won’t let me!” His hand did its wicked job and made him come again. Greg closed his eyes. He felt weak. By now, he very much wanted to be in Mycroft’s bed but he was too proud to ask for it.
Greg shook his head. He wondered how much this had cost but probably Mycroft didn’t need to worry. There wasn’t a document he was supposed to sign. They just left again wishing them a nice evening and gone they were.
“He is waiting for my call at Baker Street. You should just go there now. He will be there.” Sherlock said.
“Eat.” Sherlock ate it. Loads of calories but he liked it. He felt stuffed but he knew he needed to eat. And if his dom wanted him to eat more and gain weight, he would do just so.
He was still staring at the envelope while sucking one finger after the other. John wished for him to suck something else.
“Please, get on your back again and try to relax.” Dr Kim gently touched his sternum and looked at him.
“I am yours.” John slung his arms around his waist and kissed him. Afterwards, they sat down on the sofa again and Sherlock kept holding his hand. He sipped his wine looking at John.
“Water, please!” John croaked and Sherlock hurried to get him some. He gulped it down in one go and turned on his side.
Obviously, John had spoken with Mycroft when he was being watched. That explained the express delivery and the weird note. It didn’t explain John’s absence for such a long time.
“You know, I had to work. Afterwards, I did some chores to make it look good for you when you come home. Things have to be done, my lovely.” John dared to take his hand.
“Sure.” Sherlock stood and got the drink. John sat up and eyed the left-overs. He was handed his drink and slowly sipped it.
The doorbell rang and Greg hurried to open it while inside the bath the shower started to run. He opened the door and gaped at a tall man looking like a cook from a fancy restaurant.
John looked at his sub and saw he was dreaming away. He grinned. He knew what he was dreaming about. Tomorrow though his dream would end. Very much so.
“Very well. Have a nice evening. Call us if you need anything.” He held out his hand for Mycroft who took it and stood.
But his mind also made him even more attractive. Sexier. He very much wanted to fuck him right here and now.
“I really don't know what to think. I only know I found a friend who needs my help.” They both came down again.
A few minutes later, Sherlock got out and towelled himself dry. He listened but it was quiet outside. He carefully opened the door into his bedroom but found it empty.
Now his dom handed over his blue scarf to be slung over his collar. Next came his coat. Everything would have to be changed but John knew how to arrange that. He led him downstairs and between houses. There parked a sleek sedan and Sherlock was pointed on the passenger seat. John buckled him in and they rode through London.
“Watch your mouth, slut!” Sherlock bit down again. John pushed into him in one go. The pain was intense and Sherlock’s body twisted and arched like a wild horse. He would bruise nicely.
“It’s you, John. I always knew it. You are different. What you just said, it was wonderful. Everybody else just somehow thanked and left. I don’t know why.” John patted his back and handed over a Kleenex.
“I want it to come like the slut it is. But not too soon.” He took away the harness around both his cock and balls. Then he started to fuck into him in a wild and brutal pace, one hand fisted his hair and the other left scratch marks on his back.
“Listen to me!” Sherlock’s eyes shot open and focused. John pulled his nipples and bit into his chest.
Suddenly his doorbell rang and he raised a brow. He checked the time and it was rather late already. He walked to the door and opened it.
It was late already and he wasn’t able to concentrate anymore. He was dead tired and wanted a drink. He poured a whiskey and fell into an armchair. His eyes fell on the rumpled bedsheets and the chaos Sherlock had created while John was gone.
John suddenly felt a high like he had never felt before. He shivered but in a good way. He felt his arousal building up but he was able to hold it back. Not even when he had made the perfect shot and kill with his rifle, he had felt like this. Now he knew he had been on the way to the dark side already as a sniper.
“I believe I was in subspace. I can’t really describe it right now but I will try to do it later. For you.” He rested his head on John’s shoulder. “Once there was a disturbance. I got scared because I thought you were gone.” He looked up and John sadly smiled.
And there it was again. He obviously had wanted too much. Other persons never had complained and never did complain. So why Gregory?
He quickly moved into the bath and relieved himself. He thought of brushing his teeth, too, and quickly returned to John’s side who sat leaning against the headrest by now.
“You are so not stupid. You are wonderfully naked and in my bed. It couldn’t be better.” Greg gently pressed his hand and it made him look up again.
“Five minutes, Lestrade.” Sherlock hissed and turned around. Greg looked at John but he was half-naked, too. He swallowed and just turned around.
He desired a snack, something with chocolate. He looked into the bowl Sherlock had provided earlier but it was empty. He opened the mini-bar and tried to ignore the price list. Mycroft had given them everything and they were supposed to enjoy it.
His eyes met John’s when he left the bath and stopped dead in the doorway staring at him writhing on the bed wanking himself into oblivion. Sherlock held his gaze and came again all over his stomach and hand.
Today the second part would be baby-play. He could do that. It wasn't too bad. It only was dirty. His stomach would cramp but he wouldn't get beaten or fucked. It was humiliating though but he could manage easily.
He started to move very carefully and touched his prostate with every single push of his hips. Sherlock made noises and he became louder. Soon he started to make demands.
Then he started to talk about crimes and drugs and businesses. He also talked about Sergej and Columbia. And he talked about his business with the government. That was what the formulas upstairs were for. He talked about MI5 and MI6 and his associations with them.
“I will stay with you, don't worry. I want you to relax and try to sleep now, OK?” He nodded and rested his head on the pillow. John pulled the duvet over both of them and rested on his elbow looking down at Sherlock.
“Very well.” Greg turned his head back and simply pulled a blindfold out of the bag. He returned to Mycroft’s side and covered his eyes. It was a leather blindfold and had a buckle at the side so you wouldn’t rest on it.
“Let's have a drink, shall we?” Mycroft asked and everybody nodded. They went over into the living room and sat down. Raven looked at Mycroft when being handed his drink.
“We have talked about this, remember? Words, Sherlock. I need your words. I also need full sentences to know if you are still with me.” Sherlock exhaled.
“I hope you like it! Here, I’ll give you a piece.” He cut off a part of the cake and placed it in front of Mycroft.
“I will even eat your wonderful welcome dinner but then you will take me to bed and fuck me senseless.” He sounded serious. John swallowed.
Only then John called Mycroft who came over at once joined by Greg and a special forensic team not belonging to Scotland Yard. They took over while John hid in Sherlock's bedroom. He had started to call it his bedroom after having returned into his old room. Now he sat on his desk-chair and remembered their good times.
Greg came back out and looked fresh. He grinned and came close pulling him into his arms. Mycroft was a bit stiff at first but relaxed soon enough.
He had some more drinks with his guest until he wanted to fuck someone. John showed him a guest-room far away from his or his pet's room. He sent up a male slave who would be able to bear what Sergej dished out.
“I’ll go and buy the needed ingredients. Then I will call your brother and invite him for dinner.” Sherlock relaxed.
“We can open a bag with crisps or nuts. There are several bags in the cupboard. And we can have some more wine.” Sherlock stood and carried his dishes into the kitchen. He even placed them into the dishwasher and picked up John’s, too.
„Will you please dry your hair while I make fresh tea?“ Sherlock nodded. He knew his way around and helped himself with a fresh t-shirt and dry socks, as well.
“No, he won't. I already sent him the video of our scene and he instantly replied. He enjoyed it a lot and sends his praises.” Now Sherlock sat up straight and his eyes lightened up.
Suddenly he felt the hunger gnaw through his intestines. He checked his watch and found it was almost dinner time. He hadn't prepared anything even though he knew that it was cook's day off. It would have to be take-away then. He didn't mind and knew Sherlock wouldn't either. But surely Mrs Hudson wouldn't approve.
They returned to Sherlock’s side and the small place became very crowded. Greg stood a bit back to give both Mycroft and the soldier more toom.
Sherlock talked to his brother about their plan and he liked the idea a lot. He promised to help but only if they allowed to film the event, only for him, of course. Sherlock had no problem with that and knew that John didn't mind. Mycroft even provided a contact for Sherlock.
Then he heard the noises. They were calling out for him and he tried to answer. It took him a few trials but then he yelled for help. Soon Mycroft's men burst through the trees and there were medicals, too. They helped him back to the street after a quick examination. He still felt utterly weak and slumped against the side of a car. He had resisted being put on the stretcher, did not want to rest on it and be taken away. He had a job to do. He had to find Sherlock.
“I love you very much. Let's go and get the food.” They looked at each other. Mycroft simply smiled.
“Sherlock, if you don’t open the door, I will do it! John? John!” Greg called out again and now Sherlock just ripped open the door.
He thought about all this while he stroked and caressed his submissive. He was totally helpless beneath him and he also still loved him. He would follow him. He would obey. He would do anything for him.
“Yes, you do that. I’ll check online.” Sherlock said. They exchanged a long glance and finally, Greg tilted his head.
Mycroft listened to the water run and enjoyed the feeling of warmth and love around him. For once, he had called Anthea to tell her, he wouldn’t be coming in today.
They met back at the stable where Mycroft was just getting back into his shoes and Rogers gave back his boots.
“What do you want, Myc?” He asked and threw his coat over an armchair on the way. It slowly made its way down to the hardwood. Neither Sherlock or Mycroft took care of it. The moment a butler would come in it would get picked up.
“No, don't be. Dr Kim's visit surely was exhausting. Rest for a while if you want.” Mycroft pointed over to the bed.
And he plugged him afterwards. This would be a hell of an enema to go through. He pulled him back up again.
He shook his head once. Then he opened his bag and got the hairdryer. He plugged it in and dried his front. Since it was a very powerful hairdryer, he was done quickly. He just dropped it on the nightstand and decided to walk through the place. See, who else was here. Perhaps find out what was up for dinner and perhaps he would find a bar and have a drink.
“I only wish I had the money to buy suitable toys for us to play with.” He sounded sad and Sherlock reached out.
He pulled John away telling him they had to see the corpse from last week’s crime and that he very urgently needed John’s medical opinion on a certain injury Molly had found.
In the meantime, both Mycroft and Rogers were racing over the beach. There were only a few people who watched them and he had a great time. They stopped after a while and waited for Greg. Mycroft looked quite a bit dishevelled and even Rogers did. He was still shielding him all the time. Mycroft used the time to enquire about their rooms and other things.
“Very good. Give me the injection and leave another. We have to find Sherlock.” He stared at the man who turned to look at Mycroft for help. He really looked thoughtful and rather worried but he knew Gregory for a long time now and knew how stubborn he could be.
Sherlock licked his lips and right then met John’s eyes. At once he cast down his eyes and hid behind his book. Sherlock smiled and elegantly rolled off the sofa. It was time for a new experiment.
“The music was so emotional, it was wonderful, so beautiful. I was very touched because everything still is so unreal. Please, don’t worry, OK?” Sherlock smiled.
Then nothing. He tried to move his head but couldn't. He moved his feet instead and instantly got pulled up. He swayed because he had lost all of his senses but John steadied him. He felt his hands on his trousers and relaxed. He pulled them down followed by his boxers. His hand gently stroked his cock and he moaned. Then he felt something being pulled over it. The pull went between his thighs and up again. It was connected to the jacket and pressed his cock and balls against his body. He once pressed on his shoulder and Sherlock understood. He stayed put and didn't move a bit.
“John? What's wrong? Are you hurt? John?” But he got no answer. Carefully he pulled out the sodden boxers. He tenderly moved his fingers over his face but John didn't move. Next, he removed the handcuffs and clamps. John's wrists and nipples were bruised and sore. The skin was chafed off a bit.
„But Sherlock complained about you bringing girls home.“ Greg didn't know what else to say. He could offer bodily comfort but not verbally. It wasn't easy for him. But it seemed to be enough for John.
He closed the door behind him and walked downstairs knocking at her door. She was happy to see him and they shared dinner together.
“You asked for suspension and I will show you what it means exactly. That's why I brought in someone to help me showing you. For now, I want you to kneel over there and watch us. Think about it. I don't want to hear you though. You may ask your questions afterwards. Am I understood?” Ian asked holding up a butterfly-gag.
He wondered how much Sherlock could or would take and how far he could go. He also wondered about Mycroft’s clubs and playroom. Then he started to worry about Greg. He stared into his glass of wine and only blinked when Sherlock pried his glass from his fingers.
“That’s what John said, as well. But I need you, Lestrade. I had no idea how the local police force might react to my being here.”
John reached out for him and pulled him closer by the hip. He could feel his ribs protrude but refrained from comments about eating or some such.
Now, this was indeed unexpected. This was not the victim he had picked out. The one he had picked out was resting on the table and a knife stuck in his back.
“I am glad to hear it.” Sherlock quietly said. In addition, he ate more than he normally would. He wanted to please John, show him how much he liked his meal. Moreover, surprisingly he was hungry.
“Absolutely. I want you to stay in this office. It is protected, shielded. Wait for me. Whatever you think you need, get it. I'll cover.” He donned his coat and took his umbrella. The door closed behind him.
“Actually, yes, I have. One time he shouted at me because I had run away after a criminal and he couldn't keep up. He was actually scared something would happen to me and waited with his aggressive behaviour until we were home again. I never saw it coming. He stood in the middle of 22B and yelled at me like a mad man.” Sherlock shook his head.
Then he started to hit his fists onto the headrest making it crack. Sherlock was rather impressed by his strength and fucked only harder. He also stroked and pumped his penis making him keen and groan again. His other hand teased his nipples, pulled, and tweaked them. When he felt John clench around him again and his testicles pulled up for the second time, he came again and so did John who just collapsed on the bed. He wasn’t able to hold himself up anymore.
Mycroft rubbed his backside and it actually felt nice. Then something cold and slicked touched his hole. Quite unceremoniously it got pressed inside. Greg pressed his face into the mattress. The thing was massive and he groaned. But he took it because it went in rather smoothly and it felt oh so good to be stuffed to the brim like this.
“I thought about what you told me last night. And I would like you to know that you don't have to stay indoors with me all the time. I can take care of myself. You know, I would never leave this place. And you gave me work to do. So, if you want to work, take in clients, please do so.” Sherlock offered.
Such a shame, really, because he had looked nice coming out of the bath only clad in his trackpants and without a t-shirt covering his muscular chest.
“Yes, Dr Marlov. You should know that I trust you. You always did the best for me even though I never told you. I can appreciate it only now.” Sherlock spoke quietly but Dr Marlov was very pleased.
“You have a beautiful cock, Mycroft.” Sergej said and Mycroft blushed even more. He lifted up the chain and dropped it. The pull seemed to reach his cock and balls. His spine. His toes. He felt the pull everywhere.
Mycroft wouldn’t want to do camping, Greg assumed. He had once tried to take Sherlock on a tour and he had run away after a few hours spent inside a tent.
“Yes, Master.” John moved between them and palmed his face. Carefully he moved his fingertips over the injection points.
John also looked at the obvious bulge beneath them. He reached out again and rubbed his palm over it making Sherlock moan with pleasure.
“But …” Sherlock snatched the can and stuffed it into the bag he was still wearing over his shoulder. He dropped it by the body and grabbed John’s wrist.
“Time come we might be able to make it last longer. Wouldn’t that be nice?” John asked and Sherlock nodded.
“I do hope you enjoyed your dinner, Master.” Sherlock politely said still bowing. John stood and moved up close.
“I want to see if you can still do your wonders, bitch. Up on your knees!” Sherlock’s hands were still cuffed on his lower back but he somehow managed to pull his long legs under and get up. John opened his zip and his massive cock sprang free.
“I am feeling stupid. I am sorry. It’s what you said about Greg.” Sherlock looked absolutely clueless.
“But now I am here. Let me help, please.” Sherlock already moved up his shirt and stepped up to the sink. He washed his hands and Ian stepped aside. He knew how great a cook Sherlock was and let him do as he pleased.
“It has no right to behave like that! He is my bloody slave, for God's sake!” John was very, very angry.
John slowly woke because he needed the loo. He blinked his eyes open and looked into the semi-dark of Sherlock’s bedroom. Their bedroom? He smiled and sighed. He wanted to get up and tried to lift his arms but couldn't. His hands were still cuffed to the belt around his waist. And he remembered what Sherlock had done. His whole body was still so relaxed and the pain was almost gone.
“I did not imply that. I just want you to return it to Mr Holmes’ place. Please, do not take it home with you.”
Suddenly Sherlock turned his head and looked at him. Ian looked back and smiled. He questioningly tilted his head. Sherlock moved his head to the exit and they stood. They walked into the next room and they stayed close. The fabric of their suits touched and Sherlock was able to hear the sensible noise. It made the hairs in his neck stand up. The hair that had grown back again after it had to be shaved off because his neck was inflamed.
„Listen, John. You two need to talk. Please explain your situation so he understands. And he will understand.“
”Thank you, Mycroft. I mean it. Both for sending him and for the thoughtful present. It might just work out.” Sherlock only whispered the last words because John approached him.
He pulled his hair a bit stronger and knelt on his crossed wrists. His free hand tore at his dress shirt. John really hoped Sherlock would stop him if he didn’t want his shirt destroyed. But he didn’t, he only groaned.
Two very strong hands held him by the hips and then he pushed into him in one ruthless move. Sherlock yelled and bit hard into the ball-gag. He felt like being torn open. His whole body trembled and his limbs cramped anyway. He tried to force air into his lungs and focused on breathing but the pain in his backside was intense. He screamed loudly again and again and shook all over. He felt his fingers dig into his skin and his nails left marks. He forced his cock inch by inch into his body rotating his hips brutally slowly. It burnt like fire and now he sobbed. Snot and saliva ran out of his nose and mouth. The tears wouldn’t stop flowing.
“Very much so…” Sherlock replied. John straightened his muscular body to show what he still had to offer. Sherlock licked his lips and quietly approached him. He carefully slung his long arms around his waist and placed his chin on his shoulder.
He had a huge office with a nice view. Everything was nice. Lots of wood and leather, a finely stocked bar and art on the wall.
Sergej lifted him off his body and placed him on the sofa. He wasn't moving but his pulse was fine. His eyes were open but unfocused. He had gone under.
Half an hour later he stood fully dressed again in the kitchen and had the dough on a baking plate. Now he poured the tomato sauce over it and started to add the vegetables and ham. He also added loads of cheese. He shoved it into the oven but only wanted to heat it up after Greg and Mycroft had arrived. They were due in an hour or so.
“It’s from my brother, Lestrade.” Greg looked at him and then at the envelope again. Then he slowly opened it and started to read. His brown eyes became large and he stored the letter in his jacket. He cleared his throat and Sherlock meant to see a faint blush on his face but he could be mistaken.
“Well, you need to hold it for a while longer. It's not yet time to let go.” He patted his head and turned around. He picked up his mobile and set an alarm.
“Show me at once.” Greg got the tablet and John had a look at the man carrying the carpet out of the building. He swallowed and pressed his palms flat on his face. He breathed in and out several times and closed his eyes. And he was thinking. His mind went over the last days at work. He also thought about the few occasions Sherlock had talked to him or had spent time with him outside. John hadn't been to crime scenes lately but they had been to Angelo's.
He wondered about restraints and plugs but John simply left and closed the door. Sherlock sighed very quietly and closed his eyes. He was gone in seconds.
Then he heard the zip being pulled down and the body-heat emanating from the man. He heard him slick up his cock and then he felt him poke against his hole. And he was huge. He really was thicker than his dom. And he screamed the whole time while he forced his massive member into him. It hurt so much he had tunnel vision and felt very sick. But if he threw up, he would choke on his own vomit.
“That wasn’t too bad. At least you didn’t fall.” He knelt by his side again and moved a wand over his penis. Sherlock was surprised how nice that felt. Blood rushed south and his penis quickly hardened. He didn’t want that, he felt ashamed, but it just happened. His body betrayed him. The man grinned.
„Listen, John. Whatever you need, I will arrange it. If you need women, I'll stay away. I know now … It doesn't matter anymore. You staying matters.“ John didn't have the strength to discuss things further now, that's why he just nodded.
“Don’t dream away.” His flat hand landed on the back of his head and he hunched and fell from there into a perfect kowtow.
“I just think we have to fight back. We can’t have him do these things to us. And I think your brother will agree.”
“And you took his skull and brought it to Sherlock who put it on his mantle to be reminded of a bad dom and how to cope with that?” Another question.
“I know that since I am not stupid. Thank you very much, Ian.” And gone he was dashing into the bath grabbing his clothes on the way.
“He takes good care of me, Dr Marlov.” He smiled and didn’t realise he did. Dr Marlov was indeed happy for him.
He found him leaning against the kitchen counter. His head was lowered and his eyes closed. John moved up close and gently touched him leaning against him.
“Miss you more...” Mycroft replied and let go. He saw Greg out and closed the door. He still smiled when he sat down behind his desk and powered up his computer.
“The sick fuck sent your clothes. Mrs Hudson found a package in front of the door about an hour ago.”
“What? Why? What happened? Is that your brother on the phone?” Sherlock still held the mobile to his ear.
Now he sighed and turned the gun between his fingers. Back in his time, he had used many guns on many people. Now he had to sit behind a desk and leave the fight to others. The injury had forced him to step back. But he was alive, unlike others he had known.
“You must be hungry. I'll get you something but I want you clean before you sit down.” He pulled his hand away and started to get him out of the corsage. He also pulled the heels off his feet. There were blisters already and his feet hurt. He hurt everywhere. But it was getting better.
Yes, of course, he would. This was John and he would never hurt him. Well, not like a sadist. He would always accept his signal. He trusted John to realise when he really meant him to stop.
John felt that his submissive was still scared and confused. And he couldn't make him relax. Sometime later he pressed his forehead against his back and gave up. He let go and rolled on his back. Sherlock didn't move.
John did not think he had failed in taking care of Sherlock. Should he have shown him more how much he appreciated him as his sub? He thought he had. Should he have been listening more often to Sherlock instead of gagging him? But he liked him being gagged. And tied up.
“You soon will learn to enjoy this. Your new owner will want to see how much you like to be a slave.” He grinned and sent a text. Soon after the Russian returned and looked at him, too.
“Very good. If you need anything, I will be in my office. Good night, John and Sherlock.” Ian stood.
“That’s a good idea. I appreciate it.” He sounded insecure about what to say or if he should speak at all.
“I don't mind to change it for us.” They looked at each other and John felt suddenly utterly warm inside.
And he was right. The next moment James appeared, bare chest, and holding a thong in his hands. Sherlock snarled and his fangs came out, just by instinct, the danger made him react and he couldn't help it. Jim grinned down.
“Table!” Sherlock said and John turned to grab it. Sherlock stood and fetched his mobile. There was a message already being sent from Anthea.
The taste was brilliant. The man tasted of heat, death, and passion. Cherry and chocolate. He moaned while he sucked the soldier dry. He sucked until there was nothing left. He dropped him and licked his lips.
John wasn’t only a soldier and a fighter; he had played rugby both at school and university. He tackled Sherlock and both men fell on the bed and bounced back up a bit. Sherlock huffed and flailed his arms around.
Sherlock tied his thighs to his calves and shoved his legs apart. He knelt beside him and slapped his cock several times. The noises he made were amazing. Then he gave him some strokes until he was hard. His eyes fluttered close.
“That’s great! You come with me and sit down. I have just finished dinner.” John was extremely thankful for the invitation and followed her into her tiny kitchen. He fell on a chair and ate everything she gave him.
“You are aroused by what I do to you. That is very good. Very good, indeed.” John murmured and let go.
Finally, he was properly dressed again and looked at John who expectantly looked back at him. Sherlock wondered what had happened and at once made the wrong conclusion.
“Our actual plan was torturing you in a sexual way and sending the video to Moriarty. But Sherlock and John left early.”
Suddenly he heard the water splash and the padding of naked feet over the tiles. He looked over his shoulder and there was Sherlock clad in a towel standing in the doorway.
He hadn't been happy at all when realising both Sir Holmes and DI Lestrade would join them. But he had clearly underestimated them. Mostly his commander, Sir Holmes. He had heard rumours about his past but that was the past. The way he moved though and looked over them was something else. It told him a lot and he was secretly pleased to be under his command.
He huddled close to him and put an arm over his waist. His nose touched his side and he closed his eyes very well knowing, he couldn’t fall asleep while Sherlock was still tied to the bed.
“You are welcome.” Sherlock carried some bowls over and sat down. John brought the rest and they had an enjoyable dinner.
Mycroft had texted his brother but got no reply. Of course, he had replaced the broken mobile at once but there wasn’t any answer from Sherlock. Normally, he always replied, no matter what he was doing at the moment.
Mycroft found a pack of cigarettes of Sherlock’s hidden in the library. He took them out onto the terrace and lit one. He inhaled and closed his eyes.
“So, how is he coping? How are you coping?” Sebastian still held the glass of wine Sherlock had obviously offered.
Some days later Sherlock and John drove to Surrey looking forward to see Moran. They reached the safe-house around noon and prepared to watch the video feed. Mycroft was there, too, because he had coordinated the transport.
“And so, do you. You deserve everything but the things that happened to you. Please, let us help. Agree to meet your brother and talk to him.” Sherlock had tensed and looked at his hand on his leg. Slowly Greg pulled it away.
“Yes, I thought so. You like this! Slut!” Sherlock bit his plush lips and tried to free himself once more. John just shook him like a colt.
“Will he even be happy to see me again after all what happened? I could cause him great disturbances because of my past.” Sherlock chewed on his lips.
“I feel the need to please him. It’s a strange and unknown feeling.” The last word came out with a sneer. Sherlock quietly laughed.
“Come down, please. I am here because I love you. Yes, you treated me like shit and I didn't like it. But I still love you, nothing changes that. Nothing, do you hear me? You will come home with me and we will talk. I have to feed you up. I will take care of you. But only if you want me to.” Sherlock had listened and couldn't believe what he had heard.
“I never did such a thing…” He shook his head and carefully reached out to touch the plug. He pressed a little bit and Sherlock made a noise. John looked up and there was a question in his eyes.
Right on time, John entered the flat. A huge smile came up when he saw that Sherlock was home and even made tea.
“Let me feel your pulse.” John said and Sherlock obediently held up his hand. John felt it and was pleased.
John carefully attached weights to both his nipple clamps and his genitals. Sherlock shook and moaned. He drooled strongly and kept shifting.
“I think I have to ask some more.” Sherlock just tilted his head. John leant forward and only whispered.
“Since you took my last cash, take my card for the cab I have ordered for you.” Greg said and made Sherlock blush.
“What do you mean, Mycroft?” Sherlock sat in his armchair in his new flat and plucked at the strings of his super-expensive violin. It made his brother itch standing beside the fire-place.
John in the meantime thought about this man’s lips, his body. Him. What would it be like to kiss a man? Rougher? Harder? Better? He kept staring obviously a bit too long since Sherlock quietly begged:
“Of course, I was. I still am somehow. But I can see how happy he is with you and how strong the bond between you two has become. It's amazing. I haven't seen this before, actually never. I only heard of stories ages ago.”
“Yeah, mate. I was so angry about what Mycroft did. I had to leave. He actually gave me a car. He also made my home into a fortress.” He sighed and John grinned.
The pain made him move like a fish on the sand. He shook and twitched and his body flew from side to side. He strained his body so much; he made a half circle on the hardwood. On his back.
“I am never late, Gregory. In addition, I was looking forward to our weekend. I am rather, well, excited.”
“Could you please not talk in riddles, Miss Adler?” She worried her lips painted a ruby red and was still holding out the case.
The moment he started to whimper, he took the ropes off his cock and nipple clamps. He didn’t give him time to adjust though. Instead, he once forcefully pushed him and made him swirl madly. Sherlock shrieked from behind the gag and John had to grin. The noises were indeed noteworthy.
When John was all loosened up, he got a prostate massager and shoved it into him. He set it to a lower setting and let go of John. Sherlock got up and pulled him close to the edge of the bed by his collar. John shuffled over the sheets until he was right in front of Sherlock’s crotch.
“You know what is going to happen in here soon. I want you to understand what will be done to you if you fight too much.” He held up a remote.
“Green.” Sherlock kept holding and touching John while moving him around. He pulled him off the bed, pressed lightly on his shoulders and John sank to his knees. His tongue poked out and Sherlock smiled.
“Well, there will be tonight. Then the shoes.” They were the perfect fit, too. John was very pleased.
“I can see Gregory sipping a beer and there is a glass of wine by your side, John.” Greg looked at Mycroft and had raised a brow. But he didn't say anything.
Normally, he would have texted him and asked if he had eaten something. He hadn’t, of course not. He had been busy.
“Freshen up. The plug stays. Get dressed and start dinner.” He pushed him into the back and it made him stumble forward.
“Oh! Yes, I sure did enjoy that experience. Let’s have it built then!” Sherlock exclaimed and shut down the thought process regarding the rack. For him, it was done. Not for John though.
“I really don’t know why you want me here. This is not my jurisdiction and you never liked it.” Lestrade almost hissed. He seemed to be really pissed.
Sherlock looked into his mirror and realised he was glad that Ian was with him, that he took care of him. And he did it without expecting payback. His eyes roamed over his image in the mirror and found he looked a bit better. But still he wasn't able to see what Ian obviously saw.
Very soon, John was aroused again. Sherlock watched him all the time. He surely noted every single reaction he had. John didn’t mind. If the outcome was similar to the one, he just had, he would run into the next sex shop to buy new equipment for the two of them.
This time he didn’t wake and Mycroft took his laptop and sat at the desk working until Greg woke again.
He sat back on his heels and got the remote back jiggling it between his fingers. Sherlock’s eyes were glued to the thing.
Sherlock swallowed and his eyes swam in tears when his finger slowly moved over the man's picture. Gregory Lestrade, Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard.
“Give me your hands.” John’s hands came up. Sherlock held both his wrists on his lower back and John relaxed even more.
Sherlock finished cooking their meal and also set up the table for them. John wasn’t supposed to do anything. He needed to be cuddled or so Sherlock thought. And since John didn’t say anything and just accepted Sherlock’s doings, it seemed to be all fine.
“Yes, I know that. But I don't mind. He saved my life...” He reached out for the cigarettes and took one with shaking fingers.
Then he entered Sherlock’s bedroom and saw them. He tilted his head looking at his brother who was holding the human male to his chest. Suddenly he, John, opened his eyes. The instinct of the soldier took over in an instant and he jumped out of the bed with his back to the wall.
“There are cameras everywhere. You will never know when I watch. And if I see something I don't like, you know what will happen. I will shock you through your collar. I will shock you through the cage. Your precious cock and balls might get a bit roasted in the process. You better behave, bitch!” John grinned.
“Hold it up so I can get to your neck.” He ordered and Sherlock obeyed. John removed the old and worn leather collar. Then he cleaned and disinfected his neck and finally placed the new collar around him. It fit perfectly and put good pressure on his throat.
“What do you think, Sherlock? Will you stay?” Mrs Hudson asked. Sherlock thought about it for a second.
“Ah, Dr Watson and DCI Lestrade. You have yet to tell me what you prefer for breakfast and the other meals.” She pulled a notebook from her apron and questioningly looked at them.
“I am tired. I want you to join me in bed. Come on.” John slowly stood and Sherlock followed on his heels. He walked close behind his dom and closed the door to their bedroom.
He also had liked the way his brother had ruined this woman. It was the perfect strategy and at the end he had John kill her. He had hacked into the life-stream and watched everything. He knew Sherlock didn’t mind.
“I will pay him myself. I consider this a part of first-aid if you like. This is only happening because of that evil Dr Watson. I haven't seen it myself; you know? But Sherlock is free again. And you wanted to explore. You are curious. Just as curious as your brother. And I can't have anything happen to any Holmes again.” He had listened to her and admittedly, he was very surprised by her speech.
John worked regularly at the clinic and when he had time off, he joined Sherlock. Sherlock took a lot of time to finally find a suitable suspect and he was very pleased. He called his brother first though because the suspect was a member of the British Parliament.
John let him and didn't talk to him. He rode into London and Sherlock recognised all the places. He swallowed but managed his emotions. Some memories came back to him. Memories of his past when he was living in the streets. Faces popped up inside his mind. Places appeared before his eyes. And in the background, there was one special face. He knew he was family but couldn't really place him just now. He had been close, very close.
“I’ll let you do it at your own pace. I only want you to concentrate on the task. That’s why I am going to blindfold you.” John looked at him again but slowly nodded.
“No, we don't. There you go.” He threw him another remote and the man slowly came closer again. He pressed down and the fat dildo in Sherlock's behind started to rotate. Sherlock whimpered and started to cry again.
“Yes, he is about ready.” And they could hear him coming down the stairs already. His face lightened up when seeing Ian and he strode quickly towards him.
He looked around standing in an entrée. Another door clicked open and Sherlock walked through again followed by John. Behind the door, there was a wooden spiral staircase and they went down in circles for quite some time.
Finally, he ended up with a pair of designer jeans and a cashmere pullover with a t-shirt underneath. He slipped into soft leather brogues and arranged his hair. He took a leather jacket and ignored his umbrella by the door. He wondered where to put keys, wallet, and other items when his eyes fell on Greg's shoulder-bag. He had left it behind when storming out.
“Very good, John.” Sherlock was angry but the emotion quickly vanished again and turned into disappointment.
„That's actually good. You have the most wonderful ideas.“ He grinned and they kissed all wet and dirty. John held him.
Greg swallowed and didn't know how to react. But the thud of Sherlock falling down on his knees woke him up. He hurried around the desk and grabbed his thin arms.
When John thoughtfully looked out of the window thinking about Sergej and his betrayal, he saw Sherlock standing on the lawn. He raised a brow. Why were his feet naked? And wasn't he such a beauty? He smiled and slowly rubbed over his crotch.
Afterwards, John kept fucking him for some more time until he came for the second time. He filled him with his cum and pulled out. Only then he looked up and into his face.
“Thanks, Colonel.” John grinned and Sherlock joined him again. They all sat down for dinner and Sebastian enjoyed the meal a lot. He licked his lips looking at John.
“Don’t you like it?” John grinned up at him. Sherlock never understood the concept of flirting but he sensed something was going on. Slowly, he moved closer to him.
“Yes, it’s for me. Would you please kindly leave us to our decision in this matter? Thank you!” She nodded but looked irritated. After she left, she turned around several times and looked back at them. Now Sherlock held the jumper to John’s body.
He slowly turned his head and looked out from the green. Sherlock looked shocked. His coat hung halfway off his shoulder and he didn’t move.
He was in John's hands. Completely and utterly. He did whatever he wanted. He didn't think about it anymore. He only lived for the few moments of happiness when John smiled at him, patted his head, or even stroked over his body.
“Yes, you will. But at first, I want to know about what you said before. About the things you enjoyed and the things you didn’t. I’ll keep that in mind, to divide it into pleasure and punishments.”
„No, you want to kill him. And I will watch you do it.“ Sherlock replied lowering his head and kissing him.
He spent the evening listening to the guy rummaging in his room, nailing something to the wall, and moving things over the floor. The screeching hurt John’s ears. The throbbing pain in his shoulder got worse as got the tremor in his hand. The hate inside John was building up and his heart started to freeze.
The Russian opened his zip in front of Sherlock and held his erect cock close to his eyes. He slowly stroked it and moved the head over Sherlock's cheeks. Pre-cum was smeared over his cheekbones. At least this didn't hurt.
“Oh, I absolutely will, slut. You were perfect. You are the most beautiful creature I had ever the good fortune to see and touch. If we will continue to do this, I will be perfectly happy.” Both of them grinned.
The next morning Mycroft arranged breakfast in bed or more he had someone arrange it for Greg because he would never do such a thing. But he knew Greg enjoyed it and it would calm his frail nerves. Without Gregory knowing the bedding would be changed afterwards.
“Sherlock, hallo. I hope we don't disturb?” Sherlock looked over his shoulder and his eyes came to rest on his colleague’s companion.
“No need, pet. Just go and hurry.” Sherlock took the given opportunity and quickly left for his shower.
“Yes, Master. I will not disappoint you, Master.” Sherlock said and his dom left him behind in the bedroom.
He ate and drank a lot until he was sent upstairs again. He showered and dressed in stockings, gown, and heels. His dom had said something about make-up but nothing had been provided.
“Absolutely. Just go ahead. You have free reigns. You can use everything in here.” The man languidly stroked over his groin.
He chose a bottle from his purchase and straddled him again. Now he sat half on his arse and rubbed the oil into his back. John further relaxed. It smelled wonderful and felt a bit tingly on his skin.
“But I am very happy for you both. He deserves a good man...” Then he cast his eyes and his eyes were wet. Greg reached out for him and placed his palm on his thigh.
He would have preferred to stay by his side but one night John yelled at him to leave him the fuck alone. Sherlock paled and left.
They looked at each other and Mycroft typed the number-plate into his mobile to get his people on it.
After about one hour of quiet thinking, he blinked several times and focused back on John. He sat up straight and talked.
“John told you that, didn't he? He gave it to you before you went to court, am I right?” Sherlock nodded.
Then man started to bounce him again and Sherlock's cock started to leak while the man played with his nipple-rings.
“Perfect!” John smiled and sat cross-legged on the sofa holding his drink. He watched Sherlock insert the DVD and come back to stand beside him. John pointed beside him and he sat down. He was still tense and John knew he had to do something about it. He finished his drink and leant against the armrest. Then he pulled Sherlock down and against his chest.
Greg took his cigarettes and sat outside with his feet on the opposite chair. His eyes were closed and he thought about Mycroft holding back all the private things. He actually was part of the British government or at least he would be time come. He would be Lord Holmes. He should call him
They locked eyes and John waited for his wish to stop. But he didn’t say anything. Instead, he simply relaxed and went pliant beneath him.
“Come here, my love.” John simply said and held out his arms. The computer was quickly placed on the hardwood and Sherlock moved into his arms. He hummed.
“Could you please not call me Johnny-boy, Jimmy? And where did you go to? What kept your interest?” John really wanted to know. He wanted Sherlock. Badly.
John knew ways to torture someone with pressure points on the human body. He could also use electricity. The shop had many toys to use and he already started to think about it. They would hurt him. He knew how to humiliate people with words but he also knew Sherlock. He stood above that. But what if John was saying things to him? Making him small? He was rather sure that Sherlock would do anything to get on John’s good side again very quickly.
“They are a couple. DS Grant just wanted to help and support by sabotaging the matter. He went too far.” John gingerly touched his head.
“Yes, slut, I did so very much. You were perfect. The meal was great and tasty. Everything was neatly arranged. You were the perfect host and I am very proud of you.” Sherlock blushed.
„Yes, it is on my list already.“ He ruffled through his hair. Sherlock inserted it and they settled on top of a leather bench to watch him. John switched on the plug and chose a changing pattern. Sherlock leant against his body and sighed.
“I am leaving for the pub now. Greg texted the details. I will talk to him a bit. Why don't you join us in about two hours’ time?” Slowly Sherlock nodded.
“I really want to. I don’t know what to say to him. For once, I have no idea. I don’t have the appropriate words.” Mycroft looked helplessly at John who very well understood. He knew Sherlock.
“Very well. A whiskey perhaps?” Greg asked and took two tumblers after having seen Mycroft’s nod. He poured them a drink and carried the tumblers into his living room. Mycroft simply followed him. They sat on the sofa and Greg handed over the drink.
“By the way, I told Sherlock to come over after two hours. He will be here in a few. I told him he could join us. He felt left out the other day and I explained how he could have fun here, have a drink and deduce people.” Greg laughed out loud.
“Just tell me.” Greg considered everything and looked again at John's blotchy face. He had to have a serious reason for this. Also, Greg considered his own feelings. He had never liked Mycroft. He was a control freak and always after his brother. Back then, when he had found an almost drugged to death Sherlock, he had thought he'd met the most caring brother. But when he watched Sherlock being taken away by him and looked into his eyes, he had wondered if he had done the right thing.
“You want to fight? You want me to force you? We can play that game!” Two strong fingers touched his jaw and pressed forcing his mouth open. He gasped and groaned and Greg was able to push the ballgag inside and behind his teeth. He quickly buckled it tightly and listened to the noises he made.
“Rub Greg's skin.” Suddenly Sherlock snapped his fingers and a fire was burning in the fire-place. John's body shot up and he looked over Greg and Mycroft.
“You barely saved it, looser.” Greg swallowed. That had stung. The game was definitely on. He felt it.
“Yes, at first I just liked the idea of living with him. I thought I stood no chance. But then it happened, you know? At first, he only told me he liked it rough and I was so worried. Finally, he sent me over to his brother who told me everything. It was like a revelation. Now we are a couple and I promised him everything he needed, everything he wanted. He goes under so beautifully…” John sighed.
