him he was a
“Here,” Cas says, pressing a glass of water into his hands. “You need to keep up your fluids.”
and takes the proximity opportunity to kiss his fiance, tilting them till their not-quite horizontal on their new sofa.
and at the time that was all kinds of hot. He kissed him into
for that,” Dean says, “Cas, I’m serious about this. Last damn thing I wanna do is mess with your head again.”
“Slacker,” Dean comments, smiling, as Cas washes up their plates.
Not that they didn’t do that
“I made it myself.”
“You said, categorically, that it wasn’t on the cards yet.”
happened?”
“Just don’t want you worrying about me, Sammy.” Dean says, because… because that was the deal. Sam wouldn’t drive himself fucking crazy with worry, on the provision that Dean dropped the bravado and
When he makes it to the kitchen, Dean is halfway through eating some toast and scrolling through his phone. He’s still shower-fresh and gorgeous and he looks happy in his own skin again. Settled and confident and relaxed.
“Cas,” Dean says, leaning across the table, but he is
“Two minutes you've been here, already making demands.”
“You go to church,”
“I don't understand what the
“Well, ditto,” Dean says, “Although I think that’s about fifty percent how batshit this whole situation is.”
“Ngh,” Dean says, making a face.
look, before he reaches forward and turns on Dean’s metallica cassette tape quiet enough that it’s an almost-lullaby. “I’ll be good to your car.”
“He works for the firm,” Cas says, brow furrowed. “Technically, he was the one who turned down my leave request.”
“Closer than Kansas,” Dean shrugs, forcefully casual, taking a sip of coffee.
and all the rest of it and that’s… good. It’s
a reason he didn’t drag up the corporate-business crap. They talked enough over coffee yesterday and then there were
or some crap like that.”
Sam’s kicking his ass at scrabble when Cas wanders in from outside, hovers a little too close behind Dean’s shoulder and squints at his rack of tiles. He doesn’t really like scrabble, but this place is crying out for a board game upgrade and he couldn’t really be bothered to think of something else they could do. Dean remembers Sam score on the SATS, so it was always a given then he was going to fucking lose, but… it’s nice to just hangout. This trip is pretty much
“Dean,” Cas says, voice deep and quiet in the dark, then he turns and brackets Dean’s face with his hands, a thumb dipping behind his ear, tracing his hairline and landing at the nape of his neck, somehow pulling the covers closer around them. “I do know you: I know that I have already won enough loyalty from you for you to listen to what I'm unable to adequately express and I know your capacity for loyalty can bankrupt yourself. I know that you are good. That you give to others, always, and I do know that you care about this. About me.”
. Cas, I -”
what was going on in Dean’s head and that this
It’s a gutsy fucking move bringing it up, but there’s
“Dude, we haven’t found time to screw in like two and a half weeks. We’re getting down tonight. And, another thing, we’re reinstating date night. Tomorrow,” Dean says, petulant and very aware that none of this is
is heading to the kitchen.”
, Dean. You're still upset. I don't stand by people who hurt you.”
looks like Dean. He has the same jawline, same green eyes, same smile. His hair is darker, but there’s a familiar boy-ish, charming curve to his smile that shatters his fucking heart and shocks him into action, has him frantically scrolling through more of the article, to see, to know, if --
awesome like that. Overly involved with no sense of freaking boundaries, but holy crap does she know how to get stuff done. “I - I’m gonna sort out your new contract tomorrow because, right now, I need to clean this place up and get the hell
because you only ever brought someone home to try and get a reaction,” Dean says, “Plus, you have shitty taste in men.”
“Likewise.”
. I did
he probably means that.
The Sunday shift is better in virtute of being
“I draw the line at twice in a month, Dean,” Castiel says, “Pick something else.”
some pie?”
“You’re not an
“You’ve been back on this continent for three weeks, Dean,” Cas says, smoothing his hands over Dean’s arms and… yeah. It hasn’t been long. He knows he needs to give some time. “Transition is hard.”
“Probably gonna be a total freaking mess, just so you know.”
“Ixnay on the oopid-stay,” Charlie says, swooping down to lean near their table and jerking Dean out of his self pity.
“That’s some bull crap you’re carrying right there, son,” Bobby says, eventually, after he’s set down two mugs of cocoa on the table and sat down heavily. Dean should probably ask how much Bobby heard of the whole thing, but he’s not sure it really goddamn matters. He started out sounding about as desperate and needy as he did at the end; it doesn’t really make a damn difference.
“Yes,” Cas says, peak unconvincing. Dean kinda regrets pointing out that the guy didn’t actually
“Two hours, max.”
Castiel has plenty of distinct memories of Dean falling apart at the seams. Dean on his eighteenth birthday, having driven half the night; Dean in his new apartment, sobbing. Dean sat in the classroom as they waited for Bobby Singer to come back with the social worker and tell him what was going to happen to his whole life.
“Well,” Emily says, glancing towards Walt and her friends, “As fun as watching my best friend blow off your friend is…it’s not exactly my idea of a good time. Humour me.”
has been damned hard on Cas, on their relationship, and they’re getting somewhere now because of a lot of hard work and commitment and talking about uncomfortable, difficult things and he is
“Dean,” Charlie says, “Look, I am
and it is way too damn late for that.
“I just find it suspicious that he’d
He’d reached forwarded and taken Cas’ hand in the waiting room, because Cas was nervous, and his fucking fiancé, and, anyway, fuck anyone who had a problem with Dean
-- and a lot more nudity, but that day is not today.
“Are you still in New Haven?”
Sam asks him if he’s managed to get his shift swapped late on Thursdays evening and Dean nearly bites his head off but,
“Don’t
arrives on his phone. Dean would bet good money that Cas initially typed out ‘who do long distance relationships do’ before he went back and policed himself. Dean’s not really sure how he feels about that.
“Gabriel,” Castiel says, impatiently, “I am not a monk. You are fully aware that I occasionally have casual sex. This just had a date tagged onto it. It's not of import.”
“What are you going to do?”
Castiel’s stomach plummets. The jealousy is inexplicable, of course, but the shock is understandable; mixed with something acidic and unpleasant.
cooking while the restaurant is open is both comfortable and really convenient for crap like interviewing for sous chefs and general business crap that has to be done within general business hours, like talking to the bank.   “Pamela is
“Sam, it wasn’t a waste.”
“And Sam figured he’d gossip with you rather than ask?”
. He hasn't shaved for longer than Dean's ever seen (or, maybe the need to shave increased post seventeen, but he sure as hell doesn't remember that peach fuzz), and there's that exact curve of his lips and his
“I believe in the institution of marriage.”
“Sure,” Dean says, “This is still pretty delicate battle ground, Charlie.”
, Cas.”
“You cannot drive, Dean.”
or change it or deal with it.
“Charlie,”
“Castiel,” Dean says, and there’s people
“This is what I have wanted for a very long time. It’s disconcerting to realise we have it.”
“No.”
“Dean,” Cas says, ever so slightly flustered, which is more entertaining than it should be. Castiel is effervescently composed and screwing with him is a lot more amusing than it should be. He’s treading dangerous ground, here, but… Dean’s having
is bacon.” He continues, turning off the grill and piling bacon onto his plate, “So eat up, because once you look a little less green, we’re headed on to New Jersey to see Samandriel and the tykes, because I know you miss them.”
"Yes," Cas says, resting a hand on his arm, running a thumb over his bicep.
on his side for the rest of his life.
“Sam, you could’ve gotten Charlie a drink, bitch.”
“I like yours better,”
for years. I quit
“You’re exceptionally cute when you’re this lethargic.”
, because every time he does he everything in his head becomes much, much more complicated.
“I'll,” Dean sighs, “I'll think about it.”
“ – don’t, Charlie, it’s done,” Dean says, running a hand over his face. He wants to be face down in bed in his bunk, but he’s got to pack to piss around for a couple of days whilst they do a deep clean. He wants to not be acting like he isn’t processing a lot of frigging emotions right now, with Lisa and Charlie staring at him. He wants to be a long way from this conversation.
“Not if you ask Castiel.”
“Yes,” Cas says, and he spends the next couple of hours trying to explain the plot and it almost feels like nothing has actually changed.
“Dean,” Cas says, too gentle and fucking perfect, “I can’t imagine how hard this is to talk about.”
Hot-fucking-damn, though.
at him, hands stalled on his book, forehead creased into something even unhappier than normal. “Look,” Dean says, because apparently Cas isn’t going to give him
housemate and you.... You’ve… you’re treating this like you’re at a hotel, or something. I know you haven’t unpacked. You did my laundry. You don’t need to do that. You don’t need to cook Thanksgiving dinner just because, I don’t know, you feel like you need to earn your right to stay here or something.”
back.
“—- you didn’t tell me about the shoes.”
And it’s
these things while Dean is so saturated with everything else, but that probably falls into the category of Castiel “babying him” (even though it’s entirely logical, given Dean works five days a week and Castiel has half a paid job and these other, nebulous volunteer responsibilities and ad hoc legal consults; he has
“Really wish you could've given me some goddamn warning,” Dean says, “Enjoy your damn party.”
“I can see that.”
and go on a fucking date and
His little brother is tracing out routes on big map of america and some-fucking-how Castiel’s travel mug has wound up back in the impala’s cupholders, full of coffee. Cas packed him road food
“Cas,” Dean breathes, drawing back to sit up and look at him. This is why all of this is so damn complicated. Of course, Cas is gonna take this and blow out of proportion, like Dean is actually unhappy, and he’s not. He’s not
He’d known that it was a possibility, but…  he’s not the same person he used to be and it feels kind of remarkable that this thread has remained, knitting him back to that dumb twenty five year old who believed he had nothing left to lose. He shouldn’t be thinking about it, now, with Cas crying into his shoulder, and the rest of the Miltons lined up behind him, but there you go. He loves him.
“But… you’re gonna say good things, ‘bout how kick ass my new menu is.”
“No,” Dean says, running a hand over his face, “No, I was gonna come anyway. Mostly as a last ditch effort to try and make you see some sense but, dammit. I should’ve been there. Even if I
“I text you four hours ago, Cas,”
“Not feeling adequately useful tends to make me doubt that I am wanted around,” Cas says, “I know that you have perfectly reasoned arguments for wanting to be alone last week, so I have been battling with my head.”
going to sell the review. Cas’ breath is hot just below his ear and Dean needs to
“Okay,” Dean says, “Let’s not talk about it.”
to actually come out of his mouth. “When I said that liking you that much was an accident. That - that was the most honest fucking thing I ever said to you.”
“He got that from a frigging burger?” Dean asks, headache beginning to bloom into a full on freaking migraine. He needs to see this fucking review. If some hipster instagram type is assassinating his character - albeit pretty fucking accurately - he needs to see it.
“Yeah,” Charlie says, gentle, “I worked that out.”
Castiel takes the plates over to the sink after they’ve finished eating, before heading back to Dean. He’s still sat on the bar stool near the island, stool tilted outwards from the table, meaning that Castiel can step into the space in front of him; prompt him to shift his legs with a touch to the knee, settle into the space between his legs so that they’re almost chest to chest, with Dean looking up at him.
Dean stretches forward to kiss him in response: a serious, heat-filled kiss with intent and direction, that happens to cause Dean to half slip off the bar stool mid-kiss. Their noses knock together as Dean steadies himself and smiles broad and lovely and —-
which is good and easy and awesome, so by some definitions
“It, uh, gets a little tangled up in how I wound up cooking.”
“‘M just tired,” Dean says, “Thinking about going back to work tomorrow made me feel like my lungs were caving in, which kind of forced my hand.”
is a waste of time.”
“You,” Dean begins, shutting his eyes, “You remember how when we were kids, teenagers, I had a thing about being vulnerable. ‘Specially if there was sex involved.”
“There is nothing wrong with my car.”
“Dean.”
“I’ll catch you up,” Bobby says, “And Dean --- you better not go dark on me when you’re livin’ your damn life back in California. You ditch me again, I'm gonna get a complex, so you better call me. Keep me updated about how you’re doing.”
“Good,” Dean snaps, hands clenched around the wheel. “It’s fine, Sam. Me and Cas are good. You need to stop diagnosing us problems and start leaving us be.”
“It’s not his fault,”
“Cas, she
“What d’your friends think about all this?” Dean asks, after a while. He’s half propped up on his elbows on the pillows next to him and there’s still sadness clinging at the corners of his mouth, but he’s not alone, and that’s important.
“Okay,” Cas acquiets. Dean nudges the door shut behind him with hip. There’s not really a lot of room for
“I…. I’m sorry,” Castiel says, “That you had to deal with all that. That I didn’t understand.”
“I want that to,” Cas frowns, “
It’s a successful enough distraction tactic and gratuitously making out pushes back a little of the emotional weight of the place, giving way to sheer nostalgia.
“And then we have
“He probably pickpocketed it,” Cas says, “Or father gave it to him.”
and then Cas sits next to him on the spare bed as Dean sobs a decade worth of hurts into his chest.
Castiel considers this for just long enough for it not to be believable.
He's exhausted and he's grumpy and Sam is blissfully unaware in Sam-land, while Dean concentrates on not getting in a fight to channel some of this cloying, sickly frustration somewhere.
“I don't mean the freaky amount of women's underwear, dude, I mean the way you're clamming up like a… Like a clam. Or something. And, sit the fuck down, Cas,” Dean says, reaching out to tug on his arm, pulling him back towards the sofa.
on a damn relationship, figured we should talk about some of our
Screw it.
Dean turns to look at him, dragging his gaze away from the TV.
Dean doesn’t text him back until he’s on shift the next day, in that mid-morning lull where there’s no customers, typing out
“I know,” Cas says, “I should go, but I love you,”
and cried, because she never knew what happened to her. Cas had got all serious and
“He did,” Dean says, “But he was a goddamn kid. Barely able to drink, with both our parents dead, with me having panic attacks, zoning out, pissed and hurting and broken. He didn’t know what the hell he was doing, and —- when I decided I was gonna talk about all of it —- do the talk therapy thing —-I said I’d only do it if he went and spoke to someone too. So he signed up to some counselling through his fancy school, and I stared it up here, and in the summer we had
“No,” Castiel says, resting his phone flat on the counter as he continues to peel. He doesn’t really enjoy cooking the way that Dean does (but Dean is admirable in that he gets a lot of enjoyment from
“Dean Winchester’s
“Exactly,” Castiel says.
Castiel returns, which is jarring. He
“It means,” Dean says, taking in his little brother’s reaction in the kitchen, “That I’m not cancelling the long distance call plan I took out when you forced me into this damn road trip. That’s it.”
“Uh, yeah,” Charlie says, pausing to pick up his annotated menu, “Wait, did you do the
okay? But I told Gabriel I’d get you on the next flight, so I -”
, then yes,” Cas says, the classic gruff of his morning voice as glorious as ever. Dean takes a sip of his coffee and stretches out his feet. He’s
“A shortened version of my name.”
“That was —- I was very confused. I didn’t know what to do.”
“Hypothetically,” Charlie agrees, leaning forward across the table.
“And, as it turns out, I still wanna kiss you, which is wild, because it’s been ten years and it turns out that you're basically my oldest friend twice over, even if I didn’t know about it.”
“Dean,” Cas says, sounding actually affectionate this time, “What time can you get to London on Tuesday?”
I was hungover the next day.”
“Your choice?”
, no. He’s getting this. He’s getting this weekend if he has to beg Rufus on his fucking knees to close the shop because....
Dean makes a noncommittal noise and forces himself to sit back up, because he can’t actually
“Your
with no context surrounding it. Before that, he has photos of Castiel’s travel mug in various different locations, a photo of Dean’s car project and photos
“Bathroom,” Dean continues, opening the next door. It’s worth noting that Dean has a bath, which is significantly more than the shared bathroom at Castiel’s apartment has. If it does work out tonight, he is definitely going to use that bath.
Dean sets down ‘The Return of the King’ for the fourth time in five minutes to check his phone and curl his fingers round his coffee, because Cas has been sending him a long, winding update about the office-politics involved in his research project, which is weirdly more fascinating right now. He’d burnt through the hobbit, plus the first two of the trilogy, in quick succession after Charlie all but
Cas exhales and nudges their knees together under the table. Dean eats another mouthful of Cas’ rock-hard stuffing and offers him a
He eats it anyway.
period of time at the beginning. Dean had to sign up for at least six months and, okay, maybe
“What does it fucking matter what I like?” Dean demands, fixing Sam with a hard look.
(after Sam, obviously). That might be because he more or less has no life outside of his damn restaurant, but that’s a separate issue and doesn’t come into play when defining this… thing.
Dean nods. He swallows, throat bobbing.
“Dean, I intend to spend the rest of my life with you.”
or that this person existed,” Cas says, “Do you want to hear about my teenage quasi rebellion?” Cas asks, pulling the sheet over them and rearranging Dean’s pillow like he owns the place.  Dean blinks himself out of his own head and resists the urge to make some dumb comment about braiding each other’s hair next, because talking about
“Call me when you land.”
anything, you’re going to struggle with inspiration.”
There’s no reason Cas should want to forget all of that.
, because Cas hasn’t replied to his last text, so -
conversation with Sam, the way he’d thought about the coming-out talk with Bobby, but it’s still a big fucking deal, emotionally.  “Please. Just eat it.”
“Twenty one, now.”
. None of this is remotely about you. You’re just… you’re very far away, Dean. I can’t
? You sure know how to pick ‘em, Cas.”
“A degree my fucking ass,” Dean says, “They’re not even on the same scale, Cas.”
“Hmm,” Dean says, fingers grazing over Castiel’s hip bone, almost casually, maddeningly distracting and…  “How’s this?
“I don’t know if this is where you oughta be right now, chief,” Benny says, which is
from here, from Cas, from everything), but his checklist said Columbia. His supervisor thinks Brown is a good fit, but he applied for Yale early admissions. Dean’s got no freaking idea what’s going to happen when Sam
“I have regrets,” Castiel says, after he’s sipped half a glass of water and shut his eyes again.
“Right,” Dean says, managing a smile. It’s a garish, forced thing, but it is actually in attendance to his face, so that’s something. He’s got no fucking clue what’s been happening expression-wise so far, but he doubts it was pretty. “Pull up a seat, Cas. Let’s, uh, do this thing.”
“Yes,” Sam says, making a gesture in Dean’s direction that roughly translates to
Then Gabriel comes out of the kitchen singing fucking Asia, sliding over to their table with his usual shit eating grin. Dean's stomach drops because, goddamnit, exactly what he needs to prove how
“What? When?” Dean asks, sitting down heavily. That’s exactly what he needs. A massive freaking dose of
“Can we go back to you braiding my hair and telling me I’m special?” Dean asks, “I don’t do jack, Sam.”
, it’s late. It’s so goddamn late it’s early,” Dean mutters, gaping at his phone and sinking further down into his pillows into bed. Cas smiles and re-settles next to him, close enough that it definitely counts as snuggling (and, honestly, Dean stopped fighting
“That sounds excellent.”
“You’re really losing me with this spoon crap.”
to someone.”
Eighteen months ago, Castiel wrote
Now, they’re strolling along the side of the beach front not-talking, because Dean has no idea what kind of crazy crap is going to come tumbling out of his mouth. He told Castiel this was a frigging
“N’ah,” Dean says, changing his grip on his coffee to be one-handed, readjusting the pillows behind his head and making a perfect Castiel-shaped space under his other arm. “Just — get over here.”
“He let me down,” Cas says, looking up at Dean with those eyes, “But I loved him.”
Cas navigates them back into safe conversation territory after he’s gotten his fill of reassurance.  Dean deepens this kiss and gets lost in it; fingers tangled in hair, chest-to-chest, building momentum even though they literally fell out of bed fifteen minutes ago.
“Dean,” Castiel says, the second Dean picks up the call, and - and Castiel feels like some raw, painful fear is building and ready to seep out from his skin, but, but - Dean is in Lawrence, Kansas, and Dean, Dean can pull Castiel to his chest, trapping him between those familiar arms, until his warmth bleeds through into Castiel's soul and all of this feels
to be. He doesn’t
with any of the raging douchebags that Cas decided to date, he probably would have been even more of a jerk than he was at the time.  He was
In the end, the cloying heat of the place and the third whisky start twisting in his head, and he goes from having a good time to needing to get
“Cas,” Dean says, “I’m —- I’m really sorry.”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, muttering his name into his neck, “I love you and everything, but can you stop talking about how
“I’m going to do a load of laundry.”
, because he’s always cared about all of it.
“Dean,” Cas says, “I am sure if you
“You think I’m attractive.”
“You mean, am I sober enough to?” Dean asks, voice hardening a little. Sam gestures an apologetic yes that grate over his nerves. That's how it's gonna be, then. “Yeah, Sam, I’m a fucking mormon.”
“Dean,”
“Retiring,” Dean repeats. “Like —-
“Learned not to cross you, huh?” Dean says, “But there’s other stuff, right? Other soup kitchens to protect, old ladies with legal problems. Pro bono crap.”
The weekend
“Dude, give me a break. Last time we talked didn’t go so well for me.”
Dean turns over in his sleep and plasters his face into Castiel’s shoulder. It’s slightly after ten, which means that Dean’s been asleep for at least five hours straight, plus the time he slept before his nightmare. That’s much better than most of the week, even if it’s not the twelve hours straight he probably needs.
to say that, because it’s the first time he’s offered that up without Cas saying it first and Cas deserves better than Dean spilling his emotions all over the goddamn place because it’s New Year’s Eve and he’s
probably that secure, because he’s kind of shameless and brilliant and gets that some of Dean’s wiring is crossed. Mostly, he didn’t say anything because Dean knew it was goddamn
man.”
“I don’t understand what I’m looking at.” Cas frowns, which is fair. They didn’t exactly have the equipment, so Dean improvised with a fold out garden table they found in the shed when they moved in, that Dean sanded down and painted up the week after he lost his job. He decided it wouldn’t really be the same without a net, so he’s fashioned one out of a roll of kitchen foil, tape and a couple of bits of wood leftover from fixing the fence.  It doesn’t
“ - it’s done.”
“You took me by surprise earlier,” Cas says, forming the words slowly, purposefully. “I’m not accustomed to you being so candid about how you feel.”
“No,” Dean says, “Although, yeah, that --- that was a goddamn bitch. No, I mean, because of my internal, I don’t know, crap. Cas. Castiel,” Dean says, “Yeah, I’m fucking sorry that I got that call from Lisa at that exact moment and I’m sorry I didn’t tell you what the hell was going on, but more than that I’m sorry that I…. that all that my issues are a psychology student’s wet dream and that you had to deal with them cause you had the crappy idea of falling for my sorry ass.”
“We sit down and we talk about money,” Castiel says, holding up a notepad that he took from the house, filled with his brief notes about what they can actually
“Dean, if you need to go  —-”
Monday sucks.
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, “And would you, if he… say he had stuck around and you went to college and you had that realisation. That he's been putting his crap on you, or that he's been manipulating you, whichever it is - was Hester right? Would you have walked away?”
“Hey,” Dean mutters, testing out the temperature of his forehead on the back of his hands. “
, like twice a week.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, a second time, “I’m sorry I’m late home.”
locating some damn underwear first. Dean gapes at him because, goddammit, how is anyone supposed to deal with that level of sass paired with that level of
At some point, one of them mentioned something about christening a room, and then the whole part where they were actually attending one of Charlie’s parties for the first time in approximately forever got shot to hell. Dean’s the one who’s slight tense of his fingers around the car keys in his pocket led to them making a quick exit, but Cas is the one who decided to kiss him in the stairwell rather than waiting until they got through the threshold.
all day and maybe he hadn’t answered the guy’s text yet and
“Y’okay?” Dean asks him with his eyes shut. Dean is beautiful. He’s always been attractive and charismatic, but these days he’s devastating. With the covers half twisted round his legs and a tiny crease of unhappiness about being woken up creased into his forehead, Dean is gorgeous and lovely.
Sam looks at him, all long limbs and worry, concern etched into his face.
“Doing extra, actually,” Dean says, “I have homework. Usually, anyway. Done now till after Christmas.”
Dean had more or less talked himself into believing that the guy wasn’t that attractive and that the only reason Dean’s been noticing him is cause of the temporary insanity the guy inspired about Sam, but that’s pure bullshit. He’s damn attractive and more so when he pulls off his shirt to deposit it on one of the sun lounges. Dean hasn’t been properly attracted to someone for a while, but apparently some American guest with rich brothers is dragging him out of his rut, and it’s strange.
“Yesterday, you told me about how he said he was your
“Not about anything,” Sam says, “I’m just —- asking.”
“Sorry I left you baby. I aint letting you out of my
It’s pretty damn nice, actually.
“What am
“Yeah,” Dean says, “Yeah, we’re having a good time.”
--- he wants this conversation
“Thank you for being here,” Cas says, reaching forward to kiss him for a few long moments. As an antidote to his nerves, it’s better than nicotine. “You taste like cigarettes,” Cas says, pulling away with a frown and heading back into the house.
After their date, they go for a walk and wind up sitting up against the cliff-edge, knees touching, because it’s that kind of lovely, syrupy evening that Dean isn’t prepared to let end yet. Back at the house, Samandriel’s kids are performing some kind of freaking talent show for Gabriel and Sam and that sounds good and great, but mostly he just wants to exist in
nothing else to drink”
“I’d rather you broke my heart than I broke this relationship, again.” Dean said, “And, fuck Cas, there’s other kitchen floors to have a goddamn breakdown on. Sam’s. Bobby’s. My own damn kitchen. And...and it doesn’t matter. I trust you.”
“Dean,” Cas says, “You know that is a very strong indicator that you're already committed.”
Cas still looks a lot like he’s taken an overdose of emotional bullshit, so Dean cajoles him into staying in bed while Dean cooks in the name of breakfast-in-bed. It’s been a damn long time since he’s been anyone’s boyfriend (
“Hello Dean,” Cas says, from the far side of the air bed. It’s technically the wrong side of the bed for Castiel, but it puts Dean closer to the door, which is good. “I realised that ‘now you’re scared to touch me’ was more directed at casual physical contact than sexual, and that you wanted —“
?” Dean asks, throat sharp. “That elusive crap sure sounds like Dad.”
, not because I’m passionate about being a freakin’ waitress -”
“Bingo,” Dean half-whispers into his earlobe, “How you doing, Cas?”
, but you don’t flirt. Not on the phone. When he was here, sure, but not on the phone.”
doing better, damnit, but there’s years and years of shitty coping mechanisms and shitty things that he believed about himself to untangle and he can’t do all of it at once. He can’t.
,” Cas says, threading their fingers together, and something about his honesty is reassuring. It probably
“It’s not
“I suppose we’re going to discount this as one of our official dates,” Castiel says, looking down at his untouched pie and trying to regulate his thoughts.
. He’s made plenty of crap decisions. He’s pushed the people he loves away. He knows what it’s like, but… it’s still hard to swallow most days of the week.
“I mean,
,” Dean exhales, “Obviously — teething issues. Can’t believe Garth has thrown me over to become a goddamn dentist. Could really use him.”
, it slipped back into the raw, emotional whirlwind. Of thinking about Jason Bryers under a patio. Of thinking about Dean’s happy place being
“Although your attitude hasn’t improved.”
“We’ve had worse conversions, Cas.”
“You wanna head back in there and argue with him?” Dean asks, putting the impala into gear and pulling her out the drive,
"At Stanford?"
“Next year? I’d like that,” Cas says, shifting to settle more or less on top of him, knee either side of Dean’s thigh. It’s a damn rouse to lean forward and press their lips together and melt into a slow, languid kiss that floods all of Dean’s limbs with contentment, but Dean’s not exactly complaining.
(He's not hopeful).
“I think the mayonnaise belongs to Gabriel,” Cas says, standing up, “Do you want beer?”
“You’re trying to avoid the question.”
conversation.”
“Dean.”
“He still great in bed?”
“I ain’t
“Allright,” Castiel says, “I have been thinking about what you said this morning.”
. Sex was off the table in all but the ‘best case scenario’ version of events and there’s a chance that it’s a bad idea, but Dean feels
and definitely doesn’t know where he’s directing that anger. Inwardly, definitely, but… the concept of Charlie spilling Dean’s goddamn soul isn’t his idea of a good time.
hadn’t written Sam down on his list, so maybe he’s guilty of assuming Sam is younger and less-successful than he is, too. He still sometimes thinks of him as the hoodie-clad kid studying for the bar. “His bonus alone could keep you open for another month.”
when he told Dean he was back in Palo Alto, and away from his family.
“Fuck off,”
And then Bobby completely ruins him by giving him a thick, leather bound book about the history of the Wild West, with a cheque for a
That is the frustrating thing, because nothing
Cas smiles wide and fucking gorgeous and leans forward to kiss him. It’s
that sounds concerning, but he’s been really
He reads over it twice before he sends it, then he stands up to do something with the nervous energy in his gut, spilling some of his crappy-coffee over the side of his mug. It’s cold now, anyway, and making himself another coffee is something he could do with his hands.
That stings a little. That kiss was the only damn thing he thought about for the rest of the summer.
“Don’t thank me for that,” Dean says, “Cas, it’s been weeks. I should’ve —- should've talked to you about it weeks ago. I just…”
, but. I’ve learned that fucking lesson pretty hard.”
disappointing, Dean. You’re not. You’re my big brother and I love you and I’m proud of you even when you’re kind of an idiot. You screwed up, you're not a
“There are a lot of ways to respond to loneliness .”
and that I’d ruined it because I was
He wants to see
“She knows what she’s doing.”
, or anything else painful or too serious.“We were twelve.”
. He orders an extra strong coffee too and doesn’t even mock Sam when he orders an omelette without cheese. “Look,  marriage is this whole big thing to Cas. It's sacred. It's
“I know they’re fucking understandable, I’m just
“He’s
“So, that’s —- that’s what your little argument at the beach house was about.
, because...?”
with this version of your life that you
“Fine,” Cas says, petulant as always, “Carry me.”
, and more since I came back, the more I’ve been honest about it, about how I was feeling, but I went out of my
“Yes,” Cas says, because he has been very negligent in updating her. They have exchanged three messages since he arrived in Lawrence, in order to communicated that his Uncle was alive and recovering and nothing else. “He is… shook up and frustrated at being unable to look after himself, but he will be fine.”
“ - that's fine,” Cas says, taking his coffee, “Dean, it's
It seems unlikely that they can wind up staring and falling into deep conversation in Walmart.
with Cas is great. Not having a flashback about Alastair every time he comes need me is
. Castiel was clearly
“No,” Sam says, “I don't. Go to fucking Connecticut, Dean. Drive if you can't get on a plane. Call a spade a fucking spade and update your relationship status. Make good with Gabriel and make plans, Dean. I'm not saying you have to move to New Haven, I'm saying book a trip. Do
about Cas beyond their phone calls. It's almost light hearted in a way they haven't managed for weeks. It's a lame ass attempt at following Charlie's advice, but… It is an attempt.
, huh?” Dean asks.
“Yeah,” Dean says, looking at his hands, “And what was supposed to happen?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, and it’s not even a lie, “Me and Bobby had hot cocoa and a freaking chit chat and I’m… good. What’s with the water, dude?”
“Work with me here, man,” Dean says, “Do you wanna move in with me?”
“Dean, my entire stake in this house is left to your brother; I have made my decision.”
“He dropped coffee once,” Castiel says. “But yes, I got it.”
“This remains to be seen,” Castiel says, voice a little lower. “I don’t think now is a good time to talk, Charlie.”
“Charlie.”
And now he gets the undiluted pleasure of rolling into the sphere of Cas’ warmth and pressing his lips into the smooth flesh of his shoulder.
“Dude, I remember the time cherry aid came out of your nose. We’re beyond that.”
“You don’t have to pretend with me, Dean,” Cas says, sitting up to look at him, “You can tell me.”
this all is is not happening.
“In case I got unlucky,”
“Huh,” Dean says, settling further into his seat, “Does that mean you’re naked?”
“Yeah, I got no idea what that means. You just walked right out of my barely passed high school zone of reference.”
Castiel considers that for a few long moments.
“Asia. Five thirty. In the morning. On my day off.”
“Dean.”
“Allright,” Cas says, with a brief head-titled look, no doubt where he tries to work out how much of Dean’s false-confidence he actually believes. “She prefers to be upright.”
And that was all a long time ago now.
“This isn’t working,” Cas says, as one of the legs of the breakfast-tray collapses, sending two pawns scattering across the bed. “I give up.” He declares, pushing the box away to lie down next to him again.
and, my personal favourite,
“You’ve
“Okay, Padwan,” Charlie said, “Given you’re so loved up, what’s with the sudden
And maybe it
and this sustained emotional crisis point.
“You know I don't understand your references,” Cas says, but he sounds all syrupy and freaking gorgeous, like Cas does half the damn time.
Maybe that’s okay, but it needs to stop.
but fails to really commit to it. He pauses as he catches himself in the mirror because, right, he still hasn’t found his goddamn razor. He wound up buying a couple of cheap ass disposable ones because it was driving him crazy, but… what the hell. It’s the weekend. He’s got no reason to butcher his damn face for no reason. Cas sure as hell hasn’t bothered since they moved in, which Dean can’t deny that he’s kind of into.
“Exceptionally good,” Castiel says, “Anna, I don't care about the job, I just-- I'm in love with Dean.”
with Cas out of his head because, apparently, he cares about Cas too freaking much to be content with Cas using him as some kind of distraction with no back story. Except, he just can't handle the fact that if they sleep together right now, he's not all that sure that Cas will want him to stay for breakfast.
You have one new message.
“To my father,” Cas says, eyes shining, “Happy Birthday.”
Castiel can’t really remember the last time they watched it, other than it was probably over the phone at some point last year. They did it a lot over those few months.
Dean’s having a really good day.
“About sex.”
“Good luck with that,” Bobby snorts, gaze fixed back on his book.
jeans, smudged with engine oil and satisfyingly pleased to see him. It eases a little of the gnawing concern that Dean is going to be angry at him, which is illogical. Just because Dean is pleased to see him now isn’t indicative of whether he will get irritated when Castiel fails to ‘drop it’ and brings up his birthday again, but now he has gone to Sam he has little choice. Sam may have offered something like acceptance, but it is very unlikely that he wouldn’t mention it for Castiel’s sake. “I’ll wait till you’re finished, just wanted to let you know I’m here. I have coffee.”
“I know,” Sam says, “Kinda knew that
then I guarantee you it will fail.”
Cas closes his book with an exaggerated sigh.
“I remember your face when I said your brother was attractive.”
“There’s a difference between realistic and defeatist,” Sam says, “And, I really think Cas would be great for you.”
started this argument.”
“That would be the nudity.”
So it’s pretty obvious that he’s not
Sam stares at him. Dean’s chest does a pathetic little jolt, that might just be his sanity’s death throes.
“I didn’t call you for money, Gabriel,” Castiel says. “I just —— wanted to know that you were okay.”
“Okay, that depends, does Sarah
between that and how things normally are was seriously underwhelming.
hasn't said anything like that since… We talked past tense, about that. I mean, Cas did. He
“Hey, at least you’re not an intern,”
“You forgot
and make you feel like it’s
“Something smells good,” Gabriel says, shit-eating grin plastered all of his face. He’s short, amused and carries himself with the air of someone who knows exactly what he wants, which is interesting. A different brand of the self assurance Cas carries round with him.
think this is a good idea and I promise I will
He has absolutely no reference point as to what to do with this.
He’s paid for his breakfast and winds up buying groceries before he’s really worked out a course of action, then he’s letting himself into his restaurant and facing down his empty kitchen before his brain registers where he’s going.
“He made a lot of money on the stock markets.”
And he doesn’t need his good mood being brought down by them even nearly bordering on conversation about John Winchester.
Sam, however, looks like he’s about to lose his shit. He’s crossed over from his loud, snappy anger to the deadly still and cutting kind of rage, and Dean’s got no idea
, right? Me not ruining Sam’s precious new fucking start with all this
It's frankly remarkable that Sam hasn't noticed him constantly checking his phone, getting steadily crabbier as they days tick on, like he's going through freaking withdrawal. The only reason Sam hasn't picked up on it is because he's in his own Christmas- exhaustion haze, and Sarah.
“Dean.”
“Hey there, Sleeping Beauty,” Nora says, smiling at him as Dean blearily opens his eyes, “Seems like my kid likes you.”
“Awh, Sammy,” Dean says, “Don’t want you pinning all your happiness on me.”
“Yep,” Dean says, “Your kitchen is
Hugging his little brother has always dug at something deep in his chest and it’s even worse when said brother is fucking crying.
“She’s gonna freak,” Dean says, “She heard me talk about you
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, because it
Frank and… it shouldn’t make it all that different that he remembers him when he was healthy. The guy was retired with crappy lungs and not that much hope of pulling through after it got bad -- they knew that, Frank knew that -- and, really, it’s not as sad as the perfectly healthy dad of three that died about halfway through the shift after a few days of oxygen and ventilators and preparing his wife for bad news, it just
him.”
here,”
,” Dean says, “Maybe I should have told you
“Dean,” Castiel says, absently running the back of his knuckles over the ridges of his spines. Castiel can tell by his breathing that he’s still awake, even if it’s a close thing. He
right now after a crappy night’s sleep and a week of almost butting heads with Sam in a way that never quite blossomed into an argument.
“I’m gonna knock,” Dean says, looking incredibly self satisfied as he hands the phone back to Moria with a grin and some inaudible comment that makes Moria smile. Dean has always been good at getting people to like him, which Castiel has never quite achieved with the same ease and grace. It stirs up another well of affection for the man, as he casually offers the receptionist a salute before turning in the direction of Castiel’s office.
is almost instantaneous. “Yes,” Castiel says, out loud, staring at his phone without blinking, “I think he will.”
Monday morning is spent watching Doctor Sexy curled up on the sofa, not talking about the fact that January is another three months away, and urgency-fueled-sex.
“Told you you were over doing it,” Dean says, “Least this should get this dancing crap out of your head.”
“You haven’t updated us on the latest,” Gabriel says.
fucking understood how good you had it.”
, Dean. You’re supposed to be here. You don’t need to be on eggshells trying not to impose on my life because -”
“If that had been my menu all along, I’d - I think I’d have told you. Tried to explain instead of…. Losing my head.”
“So do you like… video chat?” Jo asks, resting her chin on her elbows as she assesses him over Bobby’s dinner table. It cramped as hell with all of them there and the plate of thanksgiving leftovers that Sam’s still picking at (bottomless freaking pit), while Ellen ‘sorts out the pie’ which means it’s probably gonna be a really fucking great day.
“Sam, he apologised for that.”
“ – I need to go, Dean, my research supervisor is calling. I’ll speak to you later.”
“Not… not for me and Cas specifically, I just. I mean for
“Because you’re stubborn and I’m in love with you.” Dean says.
.  Well, forty eight really, because that look definitely pre-dates their relationship.
, with dusk beginning to settle and the warm line of Cas’ thigh pressed against his own casually, where it’s hard to believe that he ever had the capacity to
“Can the tone of surprise, buddy.”
“Sounded like you had a good time last night,” Dean says, “Or, at least it sounded like there’s a lot of eggnog on tap, over there.”
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave a message after the tone.
work it out,” Cas says, voice picking up heat and marinating in frustration, which is… not new, but certainly not exactly what he was expecting. Cas hasn’t pushed him on this for a while. Not
Cas types out, almost instantly.
beginning to fall asleep in the middle of that episode of Dr Sexy and… he remembers a phone ringing, half-rousing, and Cas pressing a kiss to his forehead and saying
“Daddy,” Emma says, gentle. “Let's talk about this.”
“Really? ‘Cause ever since that dumb conversation with Sam I feel like I'm disappointing you, I just can't pin down what I’m doing wrong, here, and now it turns out you don’t even
“Kay,” Dean mutters, knees giving out as he sits next to him, heavily, and then his white-knuckle grip on his composure slips, and there’s a knife of something sharp in the back of his throat. He is so, so fucking tired and…
. Should think it goes without saying that I got better things in life to give a damn about than
“Dean, that was months ago,” Cas says, his voice deep, frustrated. “It was
“Wear mine,” Dean says, “Hell, do some laundry. Sure you can find a better youtube how-to than last time.”
“No,” Cas says, “No, Dean, it’s not. This is about
But as a selection of experiences, side effects and symptoms, it’s not
“Whatever’s easiest.”
“Not - you didn’t think it was trying to hard?”
“Hester doesn't know you're back in contact?”
“Beer please,” Charlie says, lifting a hand.
that he came home to a dark apartment at half ten to find Dean was already in bed, because ---
They’re the kind of tears that dislodge more hurts and more regrets in his chest, until they’re spilling everywhere: not fixing Dean with a look and saying
And now Castiel knows this much, he needs to find out the rest, just in case it’s not as bad as imagining it to be.
was different. It’s a pretty poor imitation of intimacy when he knows that in approximately a week they’ll be in the same damn room. Still.
Dean’s
“Charlie, we’re not… together. Dude can do what he likes.”
We were never exactly domestic. That sounds like we had a freaking grocery list and argued about paying rent. And, the other thing, uh.”
Their history stretches back much longer than Dean’s most recent mistake, and he had eliminated his own guilt in all of this in virtue of these new revelations from Dean.
“Not like I haven’t had the time,” Dean says, “But okay, let’s paint the fence. Just ---
if we don’t get married, or adopt, or move ever again, but I need those to be our
“You’re defending his lack of commitment?”
. Castiel in the Beach House master bedroom, index finger tracing the scar he got from falling down the porch steps.
unlearn that stuff. Look at Dad.”
“I can help,” Dean says, setting down Cas’ disaster crochet and stretching.
she was welcome to join us for Christmas,” Castiel says, something like irritation or despair seeping into his voice. Meg is frustrating and bitter and incredibly precious to him and he wishes, regularly, that he was able to
, I mean, you know, ever. At all. Not with my brother, not with my friends, not with some quack therapist. So, uh, if I freak out on you if you bring this up, my bad.”
“Because,” Dean says and
.  “And yes. He is excellent.”
my brother on my birthday. I want to
“No,” Sam says, frustrated, “That’s not what I’m
“Thought Lucifer was the asshole.”
“Okaaaay,” Charlie says, “Well, was it… bad? The sex? Your face looks like it was bad.”
means he’s still sat there at quarter to four waiting for Mrs Whatever to come and pick up her piece of crap car, sending Cas multiple texts about just how goddamn late he’s gonna be (that Cas won’t have gotten yet, given he’s still mid air). In the end, he falls into the car at five past four - goddamn customers - and hits the road before he has a really chance to
“You really don’t want me to shave,” Cas says, tilting his head at him, curious.  It only hits him then, toothbrush back in his mouth, that he’s not all that sure whether he has a right to ask for crap like that. Certainly, if anyone
“Join the club,” Dean smiles, looking back down at his two empty mugs of coffee for a few moments. It is worth noting that they are still holding hands. “I don’t,” Dean begins again, voice lower. He sounds much more like the Dean that used to stay on the phone with him for hours from thousands of miles away than any Dean he’s seen in person, but they are all the
and Cas deserves someone a hell of a lot better for a best friend, but that’s probably not up to him.
“Yes, Dean,” Sam says, “Is it really that hard for you to tell me how you feel face to face?”
The drive back is quiet. The kind of quiet that’s just edging onto the side of
“One in four years,” Dean says, “Huh. Pretty monk-ish.”
Dean’s made the same goddamn mistake over and over. With Lisa, with Gabriel, with Sam, with Cas and, somehow,
“Yeah, no kidding,” Sam says.
“Yeah, now he does,” Dean says, “Last time I saw him he didn’t wanna know. He’d been trying to get away from me for years and… it sounds so dumb when I talk about it. Sam… he doesn’t get it. He doesn’t…  I think I said my Mom died, before. Well, I was four, but Sam was just a baby. Then it was just the three of us. Dad and me protecting Sam – from losing Mom and the bills and our grief. He was never supposed to see when I wasn’t doing okay, so it’s not… it’s not his fault. But I needed him. I really, really needed him, Cas, and he didn’t give a damn.”
“Like for our honeymoon.”
“You know what that damn hell she talks about?”
“Forget Dean,” Castiel says, throat hoarse, “How is Inias?”
“I thought that Dean was around eleven when you first started cooking,” Cas says, evenly. There’s coffee dripping down his goddamn slacks. It looks a little like he’s wet himself, and now they’re staring again, and Dean’s going to have a damn heart attack.
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, “Unless. You can go without me.”
“You,” Dean begins, pausing in goddamn pacing. It feels like all the nervous energy has sucked the momentum out of him and he just sits down heavily on his sofa instead and resolutely does not
It’s unreasonable for someone to look so appealing trying to find clean underwear. Castiel knows he’s biased, but Dean really is
“I — I changed my mind,” Cas says, not looking away, “After the first class action suit, Raphael stepped down. Bartholemew came to see me. He said they hadn’t known. That they didn’t… they didn’t want to continue on this path. I went to him and said I didn’t want to do it anymore. I didn’t want to fund the rest of the law suits or go toe to toe with my family and — he didn’t understand, and. I always knew he was using me, but it suddenly became clear that it wasn’t mutually beneficial anymore.”
“Uh,” Dean says, his mouth struggling to find the right words, because they still taste a little ashy when he thinks about it too much. “He's dead,” he says, finally. “Hit n’ run.”
“Why?” Castiel asks, then follows Dean over to the bedside cabinet, “Wait.”
Dean didn’t know Jess existed six months ago. He’s been haunted by the fact that Jess has been a significant presence in Sam’s life for years and
He’s not
and ---
just make a damn baby anyway so… there’s a night stop charity back home, like where I had to stay right after we were evicted. I figured, maybe, if — given you’re not using that room, could apply to be a host.” Dean says, forcefully light, like it’s no big deal. A passing whim. He’s been
. That does not help with his worry.  “I’ve dealt with this before. I’m a big boy. You barely saw your brother that weekend. I’m not
“He’s seen Gabriel in the past few years, at least.”
“Dean,” Charlie says, and Dean can just picture her expression of abject sympathy, “Have you considered -”
,” Dean says, sitting up. He flicked his light off before he turned off his laptop and now he’s alone in the dark with the gravity of Cas’ voice washing over him. Of course he’s not fucking surprised. He’d have been more surprised if Cas solemnly declared the opposite, but that doesn’t mean Dean is even a
“Feeling better?”
Dean —- I want you to have a healthy and satisfying sex life
“The denial is strong with this one,” Charlie says, sagely, “I mean, wowza.”
“Hey, I'll be back playing my music too damn loud and making a mess soon.”
about that.  “It’s fine, Dean, I just wanted to speak to you about California.”
,” Dean says, “Not… not because I want to
“Tell that to someone who didn’t spend all day moving furniture.”
“Nah,” Dean says, “Was barely in touch with anyone from high school when we were
“Jess,” Dean says, pinching his brow, “I’m -”
Cas, but it’s not like Dean’s actually been on a vacation for a few years. He might as well enjoy it.
. Castiel,” Meg says, looming over him with her familiar scent of sharp perfume and cigarettes.
for this to happen. He usually doesn’t. He doesn’t know how everything always seems to end up broken; how Dean
all done at some points and then Bobby would never have collected all his dumb postcards and put them on the fridge like they were important, precious momentos.
He winds up bringing it up to Cas in bed and they eat with another episode of Ru Paul’s drag race on Cas’ work laptop.
Cas leaves.
Dad showed up?” Dean asks, voice catching in the back of his throat.
“Dean, I love you, but you have commitment issues, and Sam, and you're still pissed. That puts you right in the pace setting seat.”
Dean huffs a laugh and nods, the number slipped between the pages of his book, and he’s started towards the door before he stops and turns back towards him with his hands in his pockets.
“She thinks you seduced me into quitting my job and negating my duty and ruining my life.”
“Not doing that great, honestly,” Dean says, the words scraping out his throat. He flat out refuses to cry because he already cried in front of Sam and in front of the doctor and sat in Cas’ study looking at his stupid books that he can’t even dream of throwing away because he
“Yes, I capisce,” Castiel says, looking at his knees for a few long moments. “It wasn’t supposed to be a violation of your trust.”
Castiel adds
“Thanks,” Dean says, in a very Dean-esque, overly casual way, but that’s fine. Castiel has time to make him believe it. To make him accept the compliment head on, without looking away, or trying to make the moment less serious.
He checks his phone as the coffee is brewing, rolling his eyes at Sam’s
, but the fact does remain that Dean
“I’m getting the goddamn cheque,” Dean says, standing up and grabbing his wallet, “Freaking
), but it seemed so much less-terrible than Dean working himself to the bone for absolutely nothing, or those working in hospitals seeing people sick and dying, or people in low-income, insecure work forced into exposing themself to risk, so he hasn’t really let himself think about it. He has a nice home and a wonderful husband and a steady-ish income but it’s ---
that’s rising up to the surface. He’s happy. Dean’s
), it just felt so overwhelming and painful and he didn’t know how to deal. Dean doesn’t deal with things. He just drags them around and tortures himself with them.
and he’s a frustrating, pain in the ass, but he’s — he’s Dean.”
that you’d gone ahead and made a decision all on your own. There’s a difference.”
“Well, congratulations,” John says, not picking up his cutlery, “Although you’re kind of stealing my thunder.”
, but all we do is talk about serious things and I want—— I want, I don’t know. Something. That’s unfair. I’m awful.”
trying to get somewhere with this conversation and it’s not exactly panning out how it would in his head. It’s better in a lot of ways, because Dean’s better at this kind of conversation than the other kind… but it would be really damn easy to back out right now.
“Can it,” Dean says affectionately, “You really — really wanna move in?”
, Dean,” Cas says, “You proposed. We had trajectory. We were headed in a certain direction. I don't care that you don't want to get married yet, or ever, but I care that we got
“Welcome to the rest of your life.”
“It was
“Sure,” Ellen says, slightly softer as she looks at him. “How is Sam?”
“I’ve made a lot of damn decisions. I decided that Sam’s been right about this codependency shtick for a long time, and that I’m gonna have to trust that he’s smart enough to let me know if he needs my help and that he respects me enough to want me around. I decided that I had to try and work out how to do stuff for me, that I had to find out some goddamn way of feeling happy in own skin, alone, and — and when Charlie said you were here, I decided that if you didn’t throw something in my damn face then I had to
And that’s just hilarious.
that Cas is just feigning innocence and digging around for some kind of compliment and he can definitely get used to this, too. Cas all self-satisfied and freaking glowing. He can do all of this for a long damn time. They’re gonna be
, but it is really very good dessert, so he takes another forkful of cobbler and eats it slowly. It’s perfect, obviously; sharp, sweet, comforting.
Cas with most of his ex-boyfriend’s and he was always… reserved, which was probably a good thing. If Dean had to watch him
“So,” Dean says, “Not a dead cert.”
“You’re,” Cas says, lighting up like a fucking Christmas tree, half sitting up to look at him, “You’re
aka, wear comfy shit. Load of bullcrap, but
and then, later, as he flipped them over with a
“I know,” Cas says, reaching out to cover his hand with his own. “You seem… better.”
“About the incoming Jimmy and Chuck disaster?” Dean says, accepting the cigarette and leaning against the railing, “He’s been pretty tight lipped about the whole thing, but he’s uh…. Yeah, he’s stressed. Pigheadedly been focusing on his college stuff instead of talking about it.”
. There’s variation and inspiration; elements of fun, a hint of that foodie bullshit that means it still classifies as being
“Yeah I,” Dean begins, “It’s just that
"- and I was gonna deal with it. I was gonna talk to him, but with the house and..."
“I don’t
“He hasn’t
“Sure,” Dean says, “You’ve quit. How’s that working out for you?”
like he’s less. He feels like he’s a complete fucking failure, but a lot of that is some age old-bullshit that he’s carried and it’s not
there’s the guilt and this nagging feeling that I’m letting you down by not getting my shit together and —— I know,” Dean says, “That’s not how you feel, but. I think — fuck, I can’t believe I’m saying this — that while we’re both emotional wrecks, we should….  Back at the beginning, with Sam, there was this woman — trauma therapist stroke family and relationships counsellor — and she got us in a good place, with the whole borrowing money to pay for his college thing.”
life and he’ll take that. He’ll definitely take it.
I get back Stateside. Earlier. Maybe when we dock tomorrow. I don’t even know yet.”
Dean leans back against the sofa and exhales.
“Castiel, I
“I was
Castiel purposefully sits back down in the centre of the sofa, and leans slightly into Dean’s space. Dean pretends to be too fixated on the movie to notice, but then he does that delightful faux-casual arm stretch across the back of their sofa.
,” Dean says, “Now this bed is awesome.” He continues, kicking off his shoes and half throwing himself onto the middle of it.
Dean texts, midmorning, at the point in the day that other workplaces might have a morning break, during a fifteen minute space between meetings Cas has in his calendar (Dean’s had access to it for the past year and a half for the sole reason of knowing how many post 5PM meetings Zachariah has booked in during the damn day, to know whether or not he should start cooking yet without having to rely on Cas texting him).
Emma does this unhappy-nod thing and they exchange a look. There’s part of them that wants to say
“Sam,” Cas exhales, “You may have been right about the rain.”
“It’s —- yes and no,” Cas says, which is a little galling and uncomfortable. “It’s about me, mostly.”
“I don’t see how those things are different.”
“Yeah, Pompeii was freaking badass.”
is better than just bumming around the house by most accounts, but he has to work evenings and nights and
“Thank you,” Cas says, “Dean, I haven’t…. some of my colleagues are unaware of your existence.”
to break he was at the airport and he nearly did it. So, he’s been putting off going to the damn store. It’s not like he can live like that
“Maybe you should keep the cat,” Emma says, “She likes you,”
“Two minutes chef.”
“Fuck,” Dean exhales and, shit, it feels like something sharp and painful has been dislodged from his throat. He kind of wants to laugh, even though it’s completely inappropriate, but --
“Wow,” Dean says, “As if life isn’t depressing enough without reading poetry about madness and death.”
“Hmm?” Castiel asks, and then Dean leans forward and kisses him.
“It was
and makes Sam drive them home, so he can sit in shotgun with Bobby bitching about losing his pride, twenty dollars and the front seat in his own car, and text Cas his list.
He thought he’d done this part -- dissociation -- and he didn’t really enjoy it the first time. He’s sat through enough fucking therapy to understand it all, rationalize it, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t disorientating and as annoying as hell and
here is overthink good food.”
“That’s cause you’re a pie man by default.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Just checking in, Cassie,” Gabriel says, “What’s up?”
“I didn’t eat,” Castiel agrees, “They kept saying I had lost my appetite. The adults, but I hadn’t. I was hungry constantly, but --- being hungry made the grief feel less sharp.”
“She moved.”
you’re doing this.”
, because --- because he’s
“You do,” Sam says, all coaxing and supportive and then suddenly Dean’s
Neither of them notice Meg letting herself in. They’re still staring at each other, stood a little close together, with the tension palpable when  she takes advantage of Dean’s temporary speechlessness to make her presence known.
Cas makes a noise of protest in the back of this throat as Dean pulls himself out of bed.
. Damnit. Why can’t he fucking talk? “My break is -”
“But then who will supervise me?”
“Yes,” Castiel says, holding out his glass out for Dean to chink them together, “Happy birthday to me.”
“Dean,” Sam complains, bleary, “Jess - go back to sleep. It's fine. It's - why are you calling me?
, Cas is lovely, it just breaks his freaking head a little. “Shut up. I’m gonna get the scotch.”
“You do,” Dean says, “As much as anyone.”
working.
“I'll reserve a table some place,” Dean says, “You want pizza, right?”
“I’m not,” Cas says, heavily. “I am not content with us having
eating that crappy popcorn on automatic.
“Charlie,”
like he’s done something wrong, which Cas would no doubt hate. Dean hates it too. Cas is just
now. His lungs turn to lead and he is too broken to cry, because there’s nothing left inside him. Sam sits in Bobby’s front room throughout the phone call, crying silently into his hands. Castiel doesn’t say anything, as Bobby gruffly explains what happened. He doesn’t have any words. He doesn’t have
Castiel never wants to be responsible for contradicting that.
Dean looks better than last night on the other side of a shower and several cups of coffee he drank when Castiel was still asleep, but he still looks drawn and tired. He’s covered it up with steel and something almost-confrontational, but it’s
at a grocery store and she flipped out, hit him with a damn can of peaches. Overreacted, they said. They didn’t see her get home that night and cry off the makeup’ coverin’ the two black eyes he gave her a week before. Didn’t see that he was half killin’ her, every damned day. They didn’t have a damned clue how many times she’d bitten her tongue, taken a beatin’ to protect me, how many times that bastard called her crazy. I don’t buy into overreactions, Dean, I believe sometimes the thing that pushes over the damn edge can look small to someone who hasn’t lived it. And your brother knows that, too. Don’t know that he understood before you left, but he damn sure knows it now, whether he communicates that to you or not. People say dumb shit when they’re hurtin’. Pay no mind.”
“In my defence,” Cas says, hand settling on the small of Dean’s back. “Had I not ruffled your ego with what was an
.” Dean wraps his arms around his kid brother whose more of an adult that Dean could ever imagined him to be, and lets Sam try to smother his angry frustrations into Dean’s shoulder.
Anything he said right now, when his head’s a mess and this quasi-grief is settling in his chest, isn’t going to help.
“We got ice cream?”
“Going back to sleep,” Dean grunts as he emerges from Cas’ bathroom, crawling back under the covers and settling in the only place it doesn’t hurt his head.
“He --- basically, I don’t know how he did it, but he essentially turned the property into a timeshare and left each of us
“Fine,” Dean snaps, like Sam being so impassioned about them not living together doesn't directly make him feel like crap. Like this whole conversation doesn’t feel like it’s
“Morning,” Dean says, stepping over the boxes of Castiel’s college books (like he still needs them now but, whatever, Dean knew he’d lose that battle and didn’t bother engaging in it) to get to the square of kitchen table that Cas has perched himself at.
His going to trickster cafe to cheer Cas up has sort of morphed into going there to remind himself why the fuck he's even doing this, anyway, but that's fine. Either way, he gets an extra twenty minutes of time with Cas and maybe - maybe if he spends enough time soaking in his presence he'll absorb some freaking balls (in a non weird way) and be able to walk back into his kitchen later and actually look Kevin in the eye.
being tentative and undefined. Cas doesn't trust him a whole lot either, or he wouldn't be so quick to assume that Dean's just looking for an opportunity to blow him off.
“Yes,” Castiel says, “I demand it.”
“Cas,” Dean exhales, “You, uh.”
“Cas,”
“What we've got here is failure to communicate.” Dean says, wrapping his arms around him and feelling some of that nagging
, here, screw cooking.”
that takes over every other rational thought in his head about the six thousand other things that they need to talk about, or the fact that his whole kitchen wreaks of the cleaning fluid he spilt earlier, or the fact that Cas
. “He did not tell me
“You lived together,” Castiel fills in, something in his veins turning white hot, because, because it is not that Dean is incapable of commitment, it’s just that Dean is incapable of committing to
“Cas,” Dean says, “I bought blankets.”
“You think last time it
“ - So, a goddamn steak?”
“Because what?”
- and playing a dumbass game of poker with Sam, Bobby, Jess and Charlie like they’re a proper family unit.
what it’s like to find yourself in a situation with no idea how you’d let it happen, but be utterly clueless as to how to fix it, and
-- ethical investments -- really, that shouldn’t have been a surprise, given Castiel
“Dean,” Sam says, balling his fists into Dean's shirt.
Half an hour previously they'd been screwing around and they filled in the blank space between then and now by just being close and exchanging occasional quips. Dean had just decided to fuck it - fuck overthinking - and to throw an arm over the guy and full-big-spoon when Cas got out of bed and started wordlessly making himself a cup of frigging tea.
“I —- Sorry,”
After the incident on Monday, Castiel had inadvertently snapped out exactly what he thought about Dean catching up work hours on Saturday and that he was not intending to let Dean repeat it this week, which was an outburst he’d probably regret if Dean hadn’t
“You’re not that old,” Claire says, like she’d know anything about it.
“About what was best for Sam?”
, till everything is peachy again.
“Fuck,
as he picks up his wine glass.
I need, Dean?”
“Then you're forgiven, y'idjit. Don't mean you don't owe me a hell of a Christmas present for the next decade, but…”
“He already knew,” Castiel says, “He realised I was speaking to you at Christmas.”
“The freezer.”
“After breakfast. And with reluctance.”
“Breaking my fucking heart, Cas.”
“What can I get you?”
“And we talked.”
“Okay,” Cas says, evenly.
“And, you’re not —-.,” Dean begins, “If you think this is a bad idea, then…”
“Yeah,” Dean says, mouth quirking up into something a little like a smile. “And then you kissed me.”
“You ain't driving my damn car,”
“Then spend the evening with Sam.”
Cas had to get a full sibling, Milton & Milton signed off permission to get another key to the beach house cut and now they’re nestled between the keys to the impala, their apartment and Bobby’s front door. They’re a big, chunky set. Old-fashioned looking and much heavier than the rest of his keys.
“Shut up. He does three pieces for every place. Says second impressions are important. So he's gonna be back at some point this week.”
“My pleasure,” Castiel says, leaning forwards to kiss them. It feels like it’s been a long time since they’ve kissed, and it’s good. He tastes like coffee and Dean rests his hands on Castiel’s hips, and Castiel knots his arms around Dean’s neck and falls into it.
“Yes, I started to eat,” Castiel says, “Because I realised the impact
“But Dean,” Cas says, “I
“It… It was heavily suggested in the episode we watched the day you left.”
, I might have earned your trust,” Dean says, “So I
“Hello Nora,” Cas says, warm and soft, and Dean can
“—- Sammy,” Dean interrupts, because he can’t stand to hear the damn
out of his league, obviously,  but he’s —- he’s this pretty successful lawyer, type, and he could use someone as badass as you to lighten him up.”
“You got any other words available.”
“Huh. So it’s a Novak thing. The Novak school of crappy apologies. Catchy.” Dean says, pulling Cas
“Dean.”
, okay? I
“Right,” Dean says, “So I figured - fuck it - and followed Sam.”
of being a father and I wouldn’t consider my life to be unfulfilled if I didn’t have children, but I would be happy if it happened.”
, when he could throw an arm over Cas’ warmth to align them
, or it’ll… I need some goddamn time.”
they can work out the money thing and the rest of that practical stuff. Talk to Emma. Check pension statements. Regroup.
“I don’t need you to apologise,” Castiel says, “I just need you to
“Yeah,” Dean nods, “Guess … I want to know if he remembered it, but he’s --- he was too young.”
on the other end of the phone. That’s Sam.
“How much time?” Dean says, “That --- came out wrong. Just, we’re tabelling sex. Okay. When’s it
“ - me being an emotionally repressed, closed asshole?”
about John Winchester, words spewing out of him.
him and Dean made him want to be seen, where mostly he’d wanted to fade into the wall. He’d thought…. He’d thought that if he could bring some part of it out into the light, that that disjointed missfit feeling would go away again. He’d thought, maybe, that Dean would say
“Am I losing my mind?” Dean asks, dredging up the words from that pit of fear that’s been haunting him. It’s fucking horrible to have no one to check with and to navigate this foggy-overwhelmed-confusion with no map, no guide. It’s been grief and it’s been
from here. “Promise.”
“Bobby let me out early. Wanted to beat the traffic,” Dean says, “And you’re clearing out this place today. Figure you might want some company.”
“It was all
turn to call him, at some point this evening, for a stilted how-was-your-day-dear conversation before either one of them find some excuse to hang up.
“Me too,” Sam says, eyes shining, “I missed you so much,”
“Because.”
Castiel types out, breathing deeply before typing out,
Gabriel exhales.
“I know,” Cas frowns, “But Missouri isn’t
by pushing Dean rather than letting them get there organically. Like something in their conversation on Sunday has left him feeling discomforted, even If Dean’s not convinced he could accurately work out what. The chances of getting Cas to explain it right now are pretty limited, too. This feels a lot like a
food, because he cooked all the crap in his kitchen for Sam and doesn’t fancy yesterday’s take out all that much. If he’s
“They said that it was
“Can’t I just miss my old man?”, Dean says, “There whiskey in this joint?”
and Dean exhales and stops picking at his burger, because Sam doesn’t deserve Dean taking out his crappy mood on him. “Sorry. Lot on my mind.”
to get married.”
good thing that’s happened to him in weeks is slowly being peeled away from him, except that’s not even true - because he’s got
to, I swear, I just…”
“Figured it wasn’t my damn business until you wanted it to be, though I
Whatever.
“What?”
The urgency kicks in after that.
“I get that,” Charlie says, “But you’re kinda running on a deadline here.”
“I did,” Sam says, “What I’m trying to say is… Dean, I’ve been giving you a hard time about this and I should have been… building you up, instead, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry about
gets something to eat.
are eroding his internal organs, keeping him awake half the night, stopping him from every freaking
“Need to think.”
-Dean, I assumed you had mentioned to your brother that I was still -
, Dean.”
“Cas,”
“Quit objectifying me.” Dean says, gingerly testing the water and navigating the space. “Need a bigger bath for this.” Dean says, sinking down into the water and… okay. Yeah. The warmth is kind of brilliant and his muscles are definitely not mad about any of it and he’s got this satisfying close-ness with Cas’ legs twisted up around his and it does not suck.
, you shouldn’t be fixing cars.”
There are worse things in the world than growing old with Sam.
“Dean, that sounds like every twenty something I know,” Castiel says, “It also sounds like something you could do with company, if you want.”
and therefore automatically has the ability to smash his damn feelings up without realising, might be a good idea.  There’s no reason why Sam would know that crap like parents evening makes him feel validated and needed, or why Sam would see that the other side of his growing independence is Dean being totally redundant and, to be fair to the kid, Sam has been a lot more considerate about just about everything since Dean got back from his road trip.
“You’re a damn idjit and an oversharer,” Bobby says, rolling his eyes, “Deal me in, Jo.”
“It’s good that you’re here,” Dean says, sat out by the pool as they watch Cas avoid speaking to anyone by ‘cleaning up the porch’.
“Yeah,” Dean says, dumping the glasses in the sink.
(They finally had the money conversation right before Cas moved in, because Cas has sort of spent the last eight months being a professional volunteer.  Dean kind of doesn’t give a shit
been sleeping around?”
He’s a little clumsy kicking off his jeans, socks and underwear, then he’s cracking the shower back open and stepping under the water. Cas has it a degree or so colder than Dean normally would, which he knows after months of edging the temperature up when he gets in. The water’s still good cascading over his shoulders.
“What?”
“Yeah, my brother picked it out.”
“I know,” Sam says, hotly, “I didn’t  - I wasn’t keeping you out of stuff, with Sarah. I just didn’t know what was going on. She asked if she could come over to talk and then…”
. Quitting is a big deal. Give him some time.”
and still
“You're both insufferable,” Cas says, sounding very pleased about that fact, brushing against Dean as he starts on another packet of coffee. Dean’s hand drops to his hips on automatic as he passes. “Are you going to be speaking to your academic supervisor today?”
“About that,” Sam says, “You know you don't have to put me through college, right?”
“You’re right,” Castiel says, evenly. “That is flirting.”
"Dad," Dean says, because Cas heard him talk about identifying a corpse, for fucks sake, and he couldn't hear the other end of the conversation. "Bloomington, car crash. Died on impact. I gotta call Sammy I...."
He got rid of some stuff last year. It felt like it might help but it didn’t, really. It was nice to sift through some of their memories, but he wound up not wanting to throw anything away.
“Dean. You haven’t really spoken for years,” Sam says, fixing him with one of those
, exactly, when he called you first?” Dean butts in, watching as she picks up her bag and drags it into the room, dumping it next to the sofa before sitting out and propping her feet up on the coffee table. She’s entitled and
would know how to smooth over Sam’s words and rearrange them in Dean’s head so they didn’t smack like reject and hurt and fucking pain, but he can’t talk to him, because Cas is in goddamn
“I have a number of feelings, I just don’t know what they
“About bailing on this conversation to sleep, or about the rest of it?”
, who had opinions on everything, but still always told Castiel he was
kiss, but it’s still nice.
say about it (he can remember discussing it with his father a year or so before he left; in physics terms, it’s practically archaic), then they move onto another topic. Castiel stays quiet and stews in his irritation, trying his best to project ‘not interested’ vibes in Daphne’s direction.
“I would never dream of it.”
. “Just, still kinda funny, in a fucking awful way.”
“Hey - fancy meeting you here,” Jess says, pulling a beach towel out of her bag and setting it down next to him with a bright smile. Jess is too damn vibrant for Dean to be reasonably pissed at her about it, but
“I don’t know,” Castiel says, “Because we
the concept of you isolating yourself as self-punishment.”
“Oh I know, sweetheart. That was on your damn list,” Dean smiles, getting himself a glass of water.
The job interview goes remarkably well.
“Did your father cook?” Cas asks, and Dean smiles ruefully at that. “What?”
“There’s nothing wrong with my job, Sam.”
“I, Sammy,”
“What’s in the box, Dean?” Castiel asks, nodding towards the takeout box and raising an eyebrow at him.
“I’m sure Robbie will be awake much before eight.”
She is the one that arranged his leaving drinks and she’s the one who decided they would have them without them if Castiel wouldn’t play ball. She deserves better.
“Sounds good,” Sam says, and god bless Sam for not making a big deal out of the alcohol-free beer, thing, given that Dean is of the general belief that they’re dick-ish.
“Yeah,” Dean mutters, because he does
“Yes.”
Sometimes, he thinks he would like to scrub away all the ways that they have hurt each other and bury them under new declarations of affection and intent, but he is
like that.
“Clearly, all of these students do.”
he's my accountant.”
He may have shitty work life boundaries, but now is not the time.
“There is
want a commitment.
“Huh. Maybe there were some benefits to your job,” Dean comments, voice a little mangled and weak. “And this is just coming up now?”
“It’s, uh, pretty fucking quick way of communicating that it was
“You said you discussed me with Bobby that January. Before I walk into his kitchen, it would be good to know whether he harbours a deep grudge.”
“That you listened to this?”
“Have you considered giving yourself a damn break instead of telling yourself you should have it all worked out?” Bobby asks, cutting through the steadily increasing noise in his head. Compared to most of the past two months, this barely classifies as
“I don’t think that book would fix our financial problems, but —- yes, I have been thinking about it again.”
and —- it’s just pretty freaking sweet to see his kids all happy and loved up and living their lives and Claire hasn’t bought anyone home for Christmas, ever.
“And so,” Dean says, pushing his chips into the pot, “Is you’re freakin’ money.”
“Gotcha,” Nora says, smoothly moving onto the people behind him. Castiel steers Dean away slightly to make room for the other people with a hand on his arm.
“It’s not
“I —- wanted to say thanks, Dean,” Sam says, “She — well, she said your call was unnecessary, but that she appreciated it, and said something pretty concerning about baby pictures which we’re definitely gonna pick up later. What’s going on with Cas?”
having red nails.
“--- Cas,” Dean says, “I don’t care. I’ll sell my damn body if I have to.”
that had been locked in his head. He actually
“ - Sweet potatoes behind, hot -”
“Dean, it feels like something died in my mouth. I’m not
, it wasn’t like we were together then. She was just, she was just staying with me till we could work stuff out, with Sam and -”
“Wait,” Cas says, reaching out to grab his arm, “Dean. I hadn’t realised I hadn’t mentioned the location of my hotel previously. If I had, that might have been more recognisable as a come on,” Cas says, “My hotel is near Tower Bridge. We should go there.”
“Charlie,” Dean says, “This character assassination? Not helping.”
,  I just…”
“I would very much like to punch your father in the face,” Castiel says, glancing up as their food arrives. They’ve been talking for long enough that they should have been able to eat twice over but, hey, that’s part of the reason he picked the joint, “Clearly, he’s an imbecile.”
“Look, bucko, are you going to fuck my brother? Quit the foreplay – yes or no.”
“That’s not what this is,” Dean says, “Honest, Cas. I’m… I’m trying to make a change. A real one.”
“You’re a dick,” Dean says, spinning his phone through his hand, watching him.
"-why do you need to back out?"
I put the last couple of parts on credit to get it done, and the guy who bought it was a goddamn idiot for paying that much. Didn't deserve that car, but - whatever. The car was supposed to be for Sam in the first place, so he’d have something decent to drive, so the whole thing was actually a massive freaking failure, but the upshot is that I had some money. Sam’s been riding the ‘I don’t need financial assistance’ train hard, even though the kid doesn’t have a freaking clue how broke he’s gonna be, but that’s a fight for another day.”
“Not this time,”
But it’s -- all of it. Everything’s been running so close to the surface, lately and he’s been - losing his damn mind, obviously, but there were parts of it where he was really fucking happy - and if he’d just had some more time then maybe he could have
He drags the old as hell cassette player he fixed up with Bobby when he was fourteen and angry at everything from his poxy-office and into the kitchen, and turns up his
On Thursday, he sleeps.
“Five years are you’re still crap at apologies,” Dean says, smiling a little, “Dude- you’re not supposed to apologise for
until Castiel stands up and lets him into the room.
“Well, fucking
“Yeah, pretty sure,” Sam says.
“You think taking the bench is gonna make this feel any better?” Bobby asks. “I ain’t saying
and gravellier and goddamn perfect. “This is the part where you tell me I was ‘awesome’. I’ve heard it's
if I -- if I did before.”
“Come over after work. I won't bring up your childhood.”
This whole thing is a fucking joke.
and he winds up rummaging through Castiel’s cupboards to find something to cook, which was distinctly and definitely not part of ‘excuse number four: sex doesn’t count’ plan.
“You're a pain in my goddamn ass.”
“You,” Dean begins, then swallows, “You had coffee and pie.”
“Uh, I
“What do you mean by ‘thing’?” Cas asks, tension leaking into his voice, an undercurrent of heat. “When you say we messed this thing up, what are you referring to?”
“Yeah,” Sam says, glancing up at the door, “Guess you could try and get some fans set up.”
if he had time to cover over is semi-miraculous; he has a lot of experience with the Dean who pushes him out of his bad moods and those periods of almost-melancholy, so being invited in feels like a very good sign), or because he has
. This time, their relationship is going to mean something. It is going to work, and it’s going to be incredible, and he is going to make Dean very happy, it’s just ---
“Us,” Dean repeats, “Okay. That because you don’t wanna hear anymore about
“This way you get to unwrap them twice.”
He has been holding things ransom in his head in an attempt to protect himself again. He doesn’t necessarily regret that, because it was necessary while he tried to work out what he wanted, and whether Dean had it available to give him, but…
clear.”
“Yup,” Bobby returns, not looking away from the ground.
drive from your places and twenty minutes from me.”
“Really,” Gabriel says, taking another drag of his cigarette, “So, you’re not waiting for him to decide whether he’s in or out?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean exhales.
(if this was before, Dean would turn to Cas and say ‘
“Also got us a chip butty,”
It’s been
I’ve got plans for you, sunshine.”
“It was, uh,” Dean begins, “A nice service.”
“You haven’t —- you said your brother saved your life.”
He does, obviously.
“The ‘exercise fad’.”
That, he had not expected.
It --- that’s what he probably would have asked for, when he was a kid, if he was ever to think beyond his glamorised-ideas of dying young because he had no idea what it was like to be happy. He wanted
“Is Bobby okay?”
Awesome.
Dean makes a muffled noise of acknowledgment.
wants you to be happy too.” Gabriel returns.
“And it aint like your Daddy didn’t give you a good example, too,” Bobby says, “But --- after Karen, I damn near quit on life, didn’t feel a whole lot like doin’ anything, and that’s a damn stupid cycle. It ends dark. Now, I think quitting your job was a
If he were being sensible, he would stop drinking and go home, but he does not feel like being sensible. Castiel is always sensible. He tries. He tries to be loyal and
and it could all be fixed with a pill or a fucking cough drop, or the exact right type of therapy, and everything would be simple, this convinient and easy PTSD, anxiety and insomnia cure (unless they stick any more fucking labels on him before he gets there)---
“Dude, can we save the digging into my emotional state until I’ve at least showered away this plane funk? Can still feel it crawling over my damn skin.”
Dean teases him. He’s exuberant and bright and he is
books about sex after trauma on the sly and flat out refused to say whether or not he’d call what Alistair did to me was rape because he thinks I need to label my experiences myself. He’s — you know, basically perfect.”
“He… yeah. We were still trying to fix everything without… without proper help, then. And I had to go. Bobby said that —- maybe I could get through to him, which I couldn’t. Obviously. It
“Reasonable,” Cas says, “The kitchen will be fine.”
, who still seems to have this crazy, inflated view of who Dean is as a person, even after all of their history.
“Don’t do that,” Dean says, “If there was
“Music?”
“I do,” Cas says, steadily, “What are you afraid of?
“Fair enough,” Dean says, dropping a kiss on to his cheek and climbing out of bed, dispelling Castiel’s warm cocoon of sleepy comfort and warmth. “But
, really, but it’s growingly less painful. He used the word ‘rape’ outloud to Charlie, twice, in the last conversation about it, in a one-on-one alternative game’s night that Dean suggested because he really damn misses her but still doesn’t quite have the energy to come to Games Night every week. “Yeah, it was --- really bad.”
“Right, like your senior year of high school was stress free,” Sam rolls his eyes.
“I should,” Castiel says, gesturing vaguely to his wardrobe and beginning to loosen his tie. Last time he went to their after-work drinks (at Meg’s persuasion), he just went straight from take-out-consumed-in-office to bar. If he’s here, he should probably change into something he hasn’t been sitting around in all day. De-suit, if only for Dean’s sake.
somewhere. Cas can be stubborn as hell when he’s not in the mood to talk and Dean… Dean needs to talk about this, right now. He needs it dealt with. He can’t deal with all of this
he’s generally pretty good at keeping stuff buried. Maybe every goddamn thing he tried to keep under wraps has been spilling out from the seams of his constructed persona lately, but
“It's
, a shock of flesh, then panicked.
Twenty six minutes later, Emmanuel texts back with
a morning person and not remotely impressed when Dean’s phone starts blaring out Metallica at six AM.
. He can’t remember the last fucking time he was happy, but right now he’s feeling it. He feels like he could set up shop in this moment, pitch his tent and live in it forever. He has no fucking idea how it happened.
“Tell me everything,”
“ - we match, Clarence,” Meg smirks, all bitter edges and snark as Meg always is around other people, with the odd shock of vulnerability bleeding through when she’s unable to stop it. “And now you look like a hooker.”
“He’s not,” Dean says, setting his phone down and shutting his eyes, “He’s not moving in, he’s just crashing for a while.”
“Dean, I should not have -”
“Social media, Dean.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean mutters into the darkness, because he is. He is so fucking sorry and if ever there was any doubt about Dean still being totally in-fucking-love with the guy, the way Cas sounding like that makes him ache down to his bone marrow would clear that right up. “Everything … was so goddamn hard back then. I didn’t… I didn’t have it in me, but it - none of it was ever supposed to make you feel like
“Are you suggesting a rematch?”
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave a message after the tone.
recently. All-day-flirting-texts, long drawn out phone calls, phone sex; I love yous. It feels like it’s on the cusp of being freaking
“Okay,” Dean says, breaking away to breathe, their noses still almost touching, “We're beginning to stretch the definition of short stay. We should… we should go before I get a freaking parking ticket.”
“Just about,” Dean says, offering him an easy, barely self-conscious smile and takes his hand before they head back into the apartment.
Head down, don’t cause any goddamn trouble, look after your brother.
“And Dean,” Ellen calls after him, with that look, “He doesn’t come in here, but if I see him --- I’ll pass on the message.”
Dean’s record keeping is very good, considering how much he knows Dean hates this part of the job. The business instinct comes more naturally to him then he’ll allow himself credit for, which Castiel has always considered a shame. Dean’s lack of confidence has always been his main problem. Apparently, Dean is currently
“ - I wouldn’t,” Cas says, picking up the remote control, starting up netflix and putting Drag Race on. Dean settles back into the sofa and takes another large mouthful of food. It’s fucking
“Awesome,” Dean says, blinking at his steak.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “Soon, I think.”
“Okay,” Cas says, finally picking up the menu, “But don’t think I haven’t registered you changing the subject.”
“A list,”
“Fine,” Sam says, quirking his eyebrows up and sending Dean a look that means Dean’s definitely going to get it. “Never have I ever worn women’s underwear and liked it.”
“It’s not like I don’t,” Dean says, “But, there used to be this freedom with it. I don’t know, Cas, it was just uncomplicated and fun, and — I’m not. I’m not comparing our sex life to me and anyone else, but … the potential of
“But what
“Yep,” Dean says, putting their undrunk beers back in the fridge and hanging his towel on the back of one of the kitchen chairs.
“ - You didn’t stay on the phone for long enough for me to explain,” Castiel snaps, “I tried to tell you, Dean, and you
“Yeah, I don’t got a damn thing to say about that,” Dean says, then rolls it round in his head, “Do me.”
“Alright.”
to - to teach you how to fucking cook.”
“Yep. You gonna get your ass down here and say hello, or what?”
. You haven't done that since you opened, what the hell -- what the hell is going on?”
“Believe me, Sammy, I know that,” Dean says, “And I get why he chewed me out.”
“Fine,” Cas says, sitting up and stretching, with all those inexplicable runners muscles and that arch in his spine, bare ass naked. “I think I have some ramen somewhere.”
“Dean,” Cas says, syrupy warm, “I would very much like you to call me.”
“But,” Castiel begins, frowning at the cup of the coffee at the edge of the ironing board. Dean is dressed. He’s clearly been up for
“Doesn’t seem to have harmed you,” He says, curt.
to keep things from you, but -”
need to talk about - ideally as soon as Cas can find a moment to freaking call him - but Sam’s Yale application is actually pretty far down this list.
“Right. Except you won’t,”
“Dean,” Castiel says, slightly dazed, “I said that
But ---
I neeeed to sleeeppp why am i wrritttiinnggggg
. You think I didn’t know how much the drinking would
“That’s not what I mean,” Cas says, “But you
He shuts his laptop with a decisive click and heads to his fridge.
the day and that’s the only goddamn plan he’s got left in his arsenal. “Because I
. It wasn’t your responsibility to make me feel normal and whole.”
He writes
“So, you heading over here?” Dean asks and ---
“Next time, get it yourself, 'stead of getting me to run round after your ass.”
“It's your thirtieth,” Castiel says, weakly, as though that offers anything bordering an explanation for
“It tried to freaking kill me.”
“We can go to a different beach, if you want.”
"Why are you doing this, Dean, really?"  Sam asks, launching into his next tirade before Dean can give him an answer. Dean takes another swig of his beer and rolls his eyes at the ceiling. "Because I find it difficult to believe that you haven't heard from the guy for years and you suddenly decide -"
“Cas,” Dean starts, even though he doesn’t know what to freaking say, as their knees bump under the table. He feels like his Dad must know, but —-
“You going to ditch this dream machine and shack up in the big CA?”
“Him using the death of Samandriel’s father-in-law to try and make a comeback back at Milton & Milton,” Cas says, sagging back into Dean’s side with an espresso in hand. “Hello, Sam. I hope you had a good journey.”
“No, it’s not any clearer, or
“Playing with fire, Dean,” Pam says, passing him back the whiskey he bought earlier, “He’s a guest.”
“ - He didn't tell me, Cas, but -”
because… because he’s vulnerable and alone and she’s trying to be a good citizen, but he really doesn’t wanna talk. They don’t look very brotherly, either. He’s seventy whatever and the heteronormativity is still haunting him (Cas would say ‘it gets everywhere’ with this sage nod and then he’d press a kiss into the bolt of his jaw). “No, that’s — my husband.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bbby gets around, Dean. Remember Eleanor? His next door neighbour?”
“Ah,” Dean says, “Everything okay?”
“I am not unhappy, Gabriel.”
“Okay,” Dean says, “Ready when you are.”
Dean looks at him for a few moments. His eyes crease into a smile and his lips quick upwards before he speaks again.
“What are you even gonna do with this place?”
to point it out right now.
“Yes,” Castiel agrees, because he supposes he’s signed his own death warrant now that he’s
Charlie freaking loves him and has already sent him a couple of hundred texts to that effect, which isn’t exactly a damn surprise. Cas is awesome. A regular, snarky, badass nerd in a trench coat, who combines that with thinking the sun shines out of Dean’s ass. The latter alone would probably be enough for Charlie to declare that they’re ‘best friends’ now, because she’s pretty damn protective over Dean’s heart.
“That’s not about
“Okay, boss,” Garth shrugs, “And hey - maybe you should have some more coffee.”
“I am very willing to help you fill your time,” Cas says, shifting tone into something gentle, intimate and freaking perfect. “It will be okay, Dean.”
he’s happy. Really and properly.
, so they can talk about this later. Or, just kiss some more. Make out.
you’re mournfully looking at your phone,” Cas says, and Dean shifts his arm to tuck Cas under it. There’s no one else here to judge him for it and he ran out of excuses at least two dates ago. Apparently this is
“Do you want children?” Cas asks, fixing him with that particular stare.
start crying about goddamn Alastair in front of the guys from work which means there’s this obligation to
and good and par for whatever the course Dean’s currently on that he’s never taken the time to work out.
“Dean,” Cas says, “You’ve just started a new job, in a
by the place, even if that’s about to all go down the pan.
“Kay,” Dean says, shuffling forward to pull up a chair next to Cas on his balcony. They’ve just started to pull off from Salerno and Cas has got a pretty decent view of the Italian coast. He can kinda see why people pay extra for the balcony. “Uh.”
“That’s not remotely true, but - I thought this
“Good job I’m a leading table top strategist,”
“They love you,”
Dean looked at him through those eyelashes and said
He hasn’t got all this bullshit worked out yet. It’s not that simple.
exactly though, because they’ve been kind of fine. Sam accepted Cas’ visit with a begrudging grace and rolls his eyes if Dean’s talking on the phone too loudly in the kitchen, but he’s stayed resolutely tight lipped about everything to do with Cas since the visit (except over Thanksgiving goddamn dinner).  “Dumbass kid never told me what he picked.”
“That guy was an asshole.”
“Dean, I was going to talk to you about this first,” Sam says, which means that’s the part Sam thinks he’s bothered about. “I just… pretending not to notice you guys undressing each other with your eyes is just…”
“Hooker cookies,” Dean says, and drives them to the coast.
“No,” Cas says, “It was my decision. It should be my guts.”
He has returned after Christmas and wants to tell me the “exciting developments” in his research.”
“I wasn’t dodging,”
“No,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck, “No, Cas, she offered. She --- when she heard that call, with you, she ---”
After the news outlet has turned it into a two minute video clip of him ranting and shared it on all their social media channels, he has more regrets.
“Who cares about that? He’s my little brother, Cas, he doesn’t get to be right.”
today.” Cas says, with that perfect little head tilt that Dean usually appreciates a lot more.
, Dean. If you keep this up you
“You think? Your car is a piece of junk.”
and because you were talking with all this grandeur about helping people and getting money to the little guy and ---  you talking about
how I’m doing in at school, anyway. If I need to talk to my teacher’s about it, I can just hang around after class rather than blow an evening doing it. You’ve wasted enough of your time showing up to them.”
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave your message after the tone.
“Is all this… barricading yourself in a motel in isolation just a ruse to detox from alcohol without any medical or emotional support?”
“You could meet at
“Dean’s just buying you breakfast,” Kelly says, finally putting it through the till and allowing him to pass the cash over before Cas can object.
longing might finally be over. You’ve got to celebrate the wins, Dean. Plus, it’s vacation time.”
“Uh, who
and… and, really, the only reason Dean recognises the look is because he was pretty sure it’s been plastered all of his face for most of the damn evening. Something that’s in between affection and love and rootless-longing, because ---
“Okay, Dr Phil,” Dean says, bitch-facing at him .“What’s the damn reason, if you’re such an expert.”
you. Jury’s out.”
goddamn timings and it… maybe it’s better than it’s just
“We had… drifted apart.”
“You were found in a motel by a cleaner.” Castiel says, because Dean told him that part. He has every word that Dean has told him about this memorised and repeated in his attempts to try and ‘process it’ and… he
“No,” Cas agrees, “It wasn’t. None of these things are
“Nope,” Dean says, shutting his eyes. He can’t remember the last damn time he got back into bed. Well, he can, but not -- not without
He doesn’t really
“How are you doing, Dean?”
Cas sits down looking utterly miserable.
, but there’s something in his voice that’s too sincere, too real, that winds him all over again. It’s a
If Cas knew, then he’d show up in Dean’s apartment all pissed off and yelling and Dean would just gape at him like he’d forgotten how the goddamn english language worked, blurting out
“What, half unconscious?”
They’ve talked about that now. How all of that made
“Yeah, well, his food fucking sucked, too.”
“Yeah --- figured I’d go in early, get it done, come home. Huh, I get pie.”
nearly done,” Dean says, “Still think we should take a day. Regardless of the car thing.”
“Well then he’s a goddamn idjit,” Bobby scoffs, “You gonna make me tell you that I’m damn proud of you twice in one year, Princess?”
“That’s great,” Sam says.
Dean is quiet, but not
Sooo.... it's been three years since an update. And I give you...this thing.
, because to get there they have to have the conversation. He has to sit there and watch Cas’ face as he drags these complicated, barbed words that he’s picked out to label his experiences and it’s
“Just because you lose, Sammy.”
“He didn’t
Oh, fuck.
“Okay, okay, I’ll be good,” Dean grins, “Shutting up.”
He said
, but Dean Winchester came out to to Bobby freaking Singer and to Ellen and Jo. He fired Marv. He redid his menu and promoted
“Dean,” Cas says, “Hello.”
“I - no, no,” Dean says, scrambling around for words.
thought that he couldn’t stop thinking about for most of the week.
Castiel has filled in some of it with his cursive, and it’s sort of dorky and perfect. The ‘liked before’ column is filled with stuff Cas has learnt over the years, from their early friendship to later games of never have I ever on the beach:
The last thing he ever said to him was
“Huh,” Dean says. Honestly, that makes a lot more sense than Cas suddenly needing to get his view on the election, or bees, or something else that Dean can’t really remember. He was distracted enough about the fact that Cas and Alistair had been in the same room to concentrate on anything else. He had
“He’s,” Dean begins, “His dad just died, Sammy. We — we’ve barely spoken. I —- I don’t wanna lose him.”
Sam snorts.
“How do you
,” Dean grates out, lungs too full in his chest, gut twisting. He feels all of this in every inch of his body. This
. Do your ears not goddamn work? Drop the damn fries or it’s a
“It suits you,” Anna says, “Castiel, what brought this on?”
“Dad used your college fund to buy gas to drive away from his problems,” Dean snaps, “Someone's gotta bridge the gap.”
“No,”
“Cas, we talked about this.”
“We haven’t talked
Cas leans forward to kiss him.
Anyway, Dean…. Dean isn’t supposed to have feelings for him. Dean isn’t supposed to be
“And what’s your story, Dean?” The other girl,
“You're big break is coming,” Dean says, “I’m sure.”
and scared for her husband’s life, and Castiel is breaking things and upsetting people, and he wants to see Dean more than he has ever wanted to see anyone in his adult life.
“ - No, damn it, I slept with him before I knew about the dumbass review -”
“I — okay,” Dean says, his heart pounding triple time as Cas tries to give him a reassuring smile that Dean can fucking tell John has clocked. “Okay, but —- I’ve only got forty minutes before I’ve gotta get back to work.”
“ - I need
his bed, and that someone is six foot of runners-muscles and undeniably male.
“Has it occurred to you,” Sam says, making that face that means Dean’s probably going to hate whatever comes out of his mouth next, “That you’re doing
“Where did you pick?” Dean asks, even though he
“I want you stay regardless,” Cas says, gaze sharp, pointed, “But I need to know the truth.”
lewd jokes about this trip in the Milton & Milton group chat.”
“You fucking would.”
“Look, man, I didn't sign up for a stalker. I just wanted some damn peace.”
living together has been good for them, too. Sam has his own life, just like he always wanted, with tendrils of normalcy and this bright future, and now
“Thank you,” Castiel returns, resting a hand on Dean’s knee as he drives, “It’s always nice to have affirmation from your loving boyfriend.”
Cas’ properly smiles this time, then his expression settles.
voice that usually has Cas smiling at him pretty quickly, because they’ve ducked out of this conversation for long enough. He should’ve bought it up over breakfast yesterday, but he
“One of them,” Castiel says, “But he’s not an ex. We didn’t date and I don’t know if he’s coming tonight.”
“Nice lunch box.”  Dean comments, forcefully jovial.  Castiel just
in the direction of his goddamn office.
“I - yes?” Dean says, “I mean, maybe --”
being honest,” Castiel says, ringing his hands slightly, because —- Dean had said that he would
and it loosens that tight, panicky-fear in his chest, just a little.
Of all the objections in the world, that one is fucking ridiculous enough that Dean almost laughs.
about the first time he hooked up with a dude, some guy in a bullshit sounding open relationship who said he’d show him the ropes, or that really goddamn regrettable one night stand with the closeted guy who’d called him a fagot on the way out of the door. Rhonda had picked him because he
a possibility. Dean has kept cutting things and soldiering through, but he’s never mentioned any of these fears and Castiel has allowed him not to, because…. Because he wanted to create spaces in Dean’s life where he didn’t have to think about it and because it’s scary and because Castiel really thought they’d be the lucky ones. Maybe they will be, but it’s not a given.
“Cas,”
Predictably, Castiel doesn’t sleep.
“Hm? Oh, apologies Dean, I just - this is good material.”
“Little late, isn’t it?”
Fucking
“All I ever fucking do is lose things I don’t have,” Dean mutters, “Cas. I - I haven’t worked it out yet. I’m really fucking sorry, but that’s the truth. I don’t
“Popcorns on,” Sam says, taking his seat at the foot of the sofa with all his gangly limbs.
“I apologise. Stuck on a
of rest and safety and not thinking too hard about mistakes and pain and scars and flashbacks for at least a week. He would like Dean to
“Right, so I can sleep for two days,”
Cas dried out his sneakers on the radiator in Sammy’s room, and they sat out on their deckchairs and Dean told him what was happening. His damn shoes had sand in for weeks, but he didn’t really care. It kind of grounded him, actually.
And then Jess walks in.
. It’s vulnerability and love and care on a plate, and he’s not sure he really feels like offering that to his father right now.
And still, there's Cas’ mouth under his earlobe, the bolt of his jaw, his lips. Down his neck. Above his heart. Three more of his shirt buttons are undone and Dean has no idea how.
, really, but he hasn’t had to face it down. Dean’s been coming here most days and looking at his empty tables and his near-empty kitchen and
“I’ll live.”
to his brother’s fancy car at the end of the school day and Dean’s lost hope that he’s ever going to intercept him in the corridor. He’s pretty fucking athletic for a nerdy guy that seems to spend most of his time buried in a book and he has this knack of disappearing on him. So, here he is.
him. He kind of wishes he didn’t give a damn about it all of it, because hating him...it means it still has some kind of hold on him.
to,” Dean says, fixing him with one of the most compelling versions of his green stare.
“Six months, he doesn't remember her at all.”
smiling at him.
“And he said fine, and he left,” Dean says, “And he wasn’t in the apartment in the morning. And he didn’t tell me when he got the rest of his damn college acceptances letters, or when he broke up with his girlfriend, and we didn’t --- we didn’t have a proper conversation for months. You don’t get the monopoly on being hurt by the Dean Winchester shit show, Cas.” Dean says, mouth twisting into a bitter smile that makes Castiel’s chest ache. “Sammy and me, we’re okay now. We’re good. And he’s fine with me skipping out on birthday celebrations to wallow, so. Drop the birthday angle, okay?”
The impala triggers an unreasonable amount of affection,considering that it is just a car (
“Hell,” Dean says, “It was hell. He tore into me. Tortured me, because he could. ‘Cause he got off on it. But I think ---- not saying I’m over it,” Dean says, “Don’t know if you get
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s probably a bad idea to be in so deep when his life is so fragile at the moment.
. Even if I outright asked you to, that’d still be on you.”
more convenient right now), and Dean kicking off his shoes, and —
“Castiel,
The words
“That was a system of a wider problem,” Cas says, “I really was a
and he’s not going to goddamn cry
“Okay.”
, in the way that Dean had hovered around him those first few days, made sure he ate, checked in with him. He’d thought it was nice, because none of his elder brothers had ever been so protective or receptive to Castiel’s needs. Then, they’d settled in and…. Dean seemed so much freer. Unburdened. The way Sam and Dean talked to each other seemed to shift. Sam became less serious, more mischievous, younger. Dean
got through my head that I have to work that crap out myself.  I
conversation says successfully Cas free until Charlie has talked him into coffee, and then a post coffee drink
And that doesn’t feel
Gabriel texts back, and something about the words reverberates around his head. It takes a moment for him to root the hollow ringing into anything real, because --- Castiel knows the maximum jail term for second degree assault in New York is seven years. He worked as a lawyer in New York for years, even if he was much more likely to deal with corporate law than criminal convictions, but ---
Things have changed slightly since they were here over the summer: a coat of paint, for one, but everything seems… as eerily dissimilar as they were similar last time. The bones of the place are still the same, but it looks like Cas lost more of the ‘updating the place’ battles than he mentioned.
Those were
He hasn’t dwelt on it much. There were a lot of
“Like baby zucchini,” Cas says, as Dean browns off the chicken and adds cream. The frier is on for the mini hash browns, which means there a few minutes away from eating, and they’ve barely
Somehow, it’s gotten worse since yesterday. It’s heavier. Duller. The hard edges of the parmesan feel
“Raphael got the chop. Some douchebag lost his job. Some sick people got paid,” Dean says, “Cas, I had it out with you about this crap because --- because you were getting married and it was killing me, because you weren’t telling me about it until it was
“Was?”
“I --- I wanted to get back in touch,” Dean says, through the clog in the back of this throat that makes saying anything difficult, right now. “Before now. I, uh --- it wasn’t meant to be this long, Cas. Dunno how that happened.”
They seized his assets and searched several properties known to belong to Alastair in Maryland and,
to fucking talk about it.”
Dean’s stomach drops.
“Dad’s favourite book,” Dean shrugs. It was one of the
He’s never been very good at that.
“I bought it for you when we were fourteen,” Castiel says, digging his hand into his coat pocket to pull it out. He’d found it at the bottom of one of the cupboards as he was digging through his high school assignments and childhood toys. He’d forgotten that it existed years ago, then he set aside a child’s chess board to give to goodwill and found this tiny, impala shaped keyring. “I forgot about it.”
“Eat your damn bacon,” Dean says, with one of those almost-smiles.
“You can stay,”
, sure, but there’s still an old picture of them at fifteen or so tacked up above his desk. A Star Wars poster Dean’s pretty sure he talked him into buying. Cream walls and dark blue carpet. An old stack of notebooks on the desk.
suck,” Dean throws back, “Uh --- anything?”
think about Cassie’s little hobby?”
. He can tell when Dean is lying or choosing to hide something and Dean was leaking honest vulnerability when he said he didn’t know what happened after the trial; he wouldn’t admit to something he probably irrationally thinks of as ‘weak’ to cover up a truth that he thought would hurt Castiel. Dean doesn’t know about this, he’s very sure about that, and now
“Finally,” Dean says, claiming his coffee and grimacing a little at the coffee toothpaste combination, which is still an improvement on before.  “You — you sleep okay?”
If profits are still growing, why does it matter if they’re growing
“I,” Dean says, stomach twisting, “I don’t want to
Dean’s frozen in his seat
“Dean,”
even though it feels like the chances of Cas being able to quote Die Hard back at him is pretty damn slim, unless Meg got him to watch it. He follows it up with
You have one new message.
“Will you be alright? Cas asks, turning toward Dean with a frown.
“Buy me a drink first,” Bobby grumbles, “Your brother’s fine. You've been gone ten minutes.”
,” Dean says, “But - that’s why I was at that damn bar, because I don’t usually - uh.”
“I know what you think, Sam. That whole
and I am proud of him, and I have never seen him this happy, but that doesn’t mean he’s not a still a walking, talking bag of insecurities that he packages up in bravado and bad jokes. Dean —— most of our damn lives, he’s been
to John Winchester’s attention. Adam follows up with a “and remind me not to piss in your cereal, man. Wow” which absolutely makes him feel worse.
,” Sam says, “He tried though.”
Not that Sam knows that which, you know, is one of his ninety nine thousand problems.
“Not currently,” Cas says, mouth tight, “I'll make up the spare bed for you later. It's doubtful that she will be back anytime soon.”
with this right now and he doesn’t really know where he’s trying to get, anyway, he just knows that he wants to fix it. Some thinking-time probably isn’t the worst.
because apparently he is completely freaking broken. He is floored by this whole goddamn thing. He has been flayed by his fucking feelings. “But…. this hasn’t been a ‘good time’ for me either.”
Castiel says he needs time to process.
and I’m pissed off at my broken-head, but I ---  you’re more important than any of this. Our relationship is more important than this. I --- if that’s what you want, what you need, then we’ll do it, and… you’re probably right,” Dean says, although it looks like it costs him. “Pretty sure the pressure aint helping.”
The words reverberate round his head for a long time before they start to make any kind of  sense.
Charlie is back with a plate of garlic bread and some pita bread before he has a chance to get any further with it. They must look weird as fuck, huddled up in the doorway with two dishes of bread, but to hell with it.
“This associate just came in here and asked if this was my brother-in-law, because his kid-brother is making some kind of tik tok video out of it.”
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, “It’s been pretty great.”
“ - I’m losing you, Sam, can’t hear a dam words. Call you later.” Dean says, hanging up before he can say anything
conversations didn’t paint me in exactly the same way you’ve accused me of in your worst moods.”
“Okay then,” Dean says, trying not to smile too much,  “Given I’m the designated driver for the rest of my damn life, I’ll leave it to you two to work out who gets shotgun.”
of practice at this long distance thing, but that whole shitshow was a different ballgame all together. They’re a lot better at this now.
“Is this a flirtation?”
Dean and it’s not enough now, either, with Dean drawing out each touch until it’s slow and steady and restrained. He doesn’t
Lisa emerges from her bedroom fifteen minutes later as Dean's planning out his route to New Haven. It's still a damn long way, but if he takes a straight route and avoids passing through any cities, he reckons he can do it easy before Cas does something else stupid. A day if he gets back behind the wheel soon and drives all day with his foot to the floor.
“Don’t worry,” Dean says, looking back at the ceiling and breathing in, out, in, out.  “Gonna be okay. Beginning to think the whole universe wants me around, with Benny being my alcoholic fairy godmother.”
“Sam commented on her facebook album and it appeared in my feed,”
“He wasn’t listed on your references,” Charlie says. Their conversation seems slower the normal, like both of them are taking the time to pick their words. Dean’s brain short circuited a while back and Charlie’s probably trying to be supportive, but it’s… slow paced. Quiet.
The self deprecation completely throws him, because it comes with a side order of emotions played out on Castiel’s feature that he knows well: the self doubt and the self hatred and all the rest. He knows how that feels.
“Yes,” Cas says, watching him over the table with a not-smile, “It has.”
“Agreed,” Castiel says, running a thumb over Dean’s knuckles. “I have no intention to sacrifice myself to your cause again, Dean. You found it very annoying the first time.”
Sam pulls him into a tight hug when Dean drags his bag through their front door and there’s a chance that Bobby might have been right about giving him space, because the rhythm of their brief every-other-night phone calls largely about his progress home has meant that Sam actually looks freaking
“Yeah, no, I get that,” Dean says, “Just trying to relive some childhood nostalgia, sweetheart.”
“- that was a long time ago,” Dean cuts across, “A long ass time ago.”
“Thank you.”
Their official ‘first date’ is the following Thursday night, with Castiel’s pick of restaurant (he googled suggestions and spent a great deal of time pouring over menus to pick somewhere Dean would like in a case of misplaced anxiety, but he told Dean a TA had told him there would good steaks; he imagines that to be the kind of lie that’s acceptable on a first date).
he said he’d pay everyone as if they were working, given how short notice his pulling the plug on this whole goddamn day was. Apparently, Marv’s the only person in a two block radius of his restaurant that didn’t get the memo about Dean’s personal bullshit, because no one else has bothered asking why.
“ - So, your friends got in your head and they hate me because we broke up that one time a million goddamn years ago.” Dean fills in, standing up and pacing for something to do with his frustration. Of
for a minute. “I might —- might not be able to do this.”
“— Bobby,” Dean says, after he’s snatched his phone off Tim, stepped out of the kitchen and been hit by a wall of cold air that’s everything he’s ever wanted. “What’s up? Is everything okay?”
“I don’t eat lucky charms Dean, I’m not eight.”
“I need to finish this quiz.”
I’m not dignifying with a response,” Sam says, “I can sleep in six days times.”
that I - that I understand. That I am not trying to belittle that event in your life, I’m just trying to explain what I need. I need… I need to know if the plan has changed. I’m not asking you to
“Yes, I am very sexy,” Cas says, dry and way too sarcastic about it for Dean’s liking. “And overdue a shower. I have,” Cas says, yawns, “Soup preparation to do. Are you —-?”
“I saw him this morning, Cassie, having coffee with some girl.”
“Yes.”
in the Beach House, where they grew up together and cemented their friendship, and much harder to comprehend now he’s alone.
“Hey, who said you could get dressed, hot stuff?” Dean says, pointedly patting at the spot on the bed next to him and waggling his eyebrows at him, because maybe he
“Thanks,” Dean says, “I'll take a maple for me too.”
“She doesn’t do impromptu vomit calls,” Gabriel says, “I know, I asked. Look --- give yourself a break. Like you said, the man you love is in pain.”
. I’m over it. I’m fucking
“Bobby,” Dean says, “He’ll probably drag them out, if you get him with your baby blues. So, uh —- you’re out of town for games night this week, but… you wanna meet Charlie next weekend?”
“Charlie, I'm not some kind of skittish freaking animal,” Dean says, even though that's not even a little bit true. He’s one badly worded question away from calling into work dead. “That's just
, which heals a little more of the tight-worry in his chest. “You okay?”
, but it started niggling at him, because Cas wasn’t exactly
“Coincidence - take the damn food, Charlie,” Dean says, “Garth.
and given that Cas
“Egg fried rice
about the kind of hard work that would make Castiel want to sleep for a week, but that’s just Dean.
He’s shaking a little as he redials, and his throat has closed up by the time Bobby has hit answer, but he manages to repress the knee jerk desire to hang up so that’s
you Clarence. Half the time it takes you a week to work out you’re having an emotion, let alone process it. No chance I’m letting you go it alone.”
“Mmmhmm,” Bobby says, pulling up a seat and turning to Jess, “And how’s chemistry treating you?”
,” Cas says, “Really?”
smile, not frown look.
,” Sam says, “But --- now? Seems like a weird time to pick at something that makes you feel insecure.”
“Dean.”
He looks younger asleep. Peaceful. Except, his t-shirts half ridden up in the process, with the scar he’d declared was the source of his nightmare just visible. Castiel has
“Okay,” Cas says, pauses, “This day is very surreal.”
like a self-sacrificial asshole, without even considering that I would --- that
need to think about this, but if he turns up at Dean’s apartment at two in the morning looking like he’s about to cry or throw up Dean will probably have questions and
“Don’t,” Dean begins, taking a lungful of sea salt air to level himself,  “Don’t touch my scars.”
“Okay,” Dean says, after he’s finished clearing up after their lunch, and sat down heavily with Sam giving him the eyes from across the table and Bobby sending him the Bobby-version of an encouraging look. “So. You wanna talk to Dad.”
“Called into work,” Bobby says, “Should be back in an hour, so you could can go work on your damn car ‘stead of clogging up my kitchen while I’m trying to cook. Food’ll be an hour and a half, easy.”
“Back then, the existence of Anna made me feel like an intruder to their family,” Castiel says, “In retrospect, isolating myself from the visit wasn’t going to help that.”
“That we are a couple of dumbasses in love,” Castiel says, “I want this to work too. Very much.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Long.”
and he’s upset with Dean, because of Dean,
He’s not tied down to anything at all, except a couple of voicemail exchanges with his almost-estranged brother. He’s not
He makes it to the bathroom in time to throw up with his heart still racing and everything feeling so real that he can almost still smell it --- blood and damp and stale alcohol --- and he can’t do anything
“Unexpected,” Castiel says, “You didn’t think this is what I wanted.”
“Uh, on
He prefers Cas’ method of dealing with this than Sam, because Cas is much more likely to call Dean out on being a total asshole (in so many words) than his kid brother. Cas’ voice has a little heat, but that’s good. He’s always liked it best when Cas is simmering with emotion rather than resolute and stoic.
“Here’s the thing,” Dean says, half propping himself up in bed and trying to work out where to start. He’s written some of them down and talked about some of them in therapy, but it still takes a little while to summon up the right words, the energy and bravery, to articulate himself properly. Cas waits him out.
to not be creeping into debt anymore. It’s all
with recovery being slow and painful. He wants his
that Cas will read straight through, but right now the concept of keeping some of his barriers up doesn’t feel important. Not tonight.
“Are you enjoying spending time with your brother?”
She entitles the napkin ‘Charlie and Dean’s great European adventure’ before going to get a top up of lukewarm breakfast items looking way more chirper than anyone on shift to run a children's club should do, but then Charlie’s always been a pretty spectacular brand of special.
and spends a good hour testing out ways of cooking delicate little hash browns that don't overladen the damn thing and whether seeing if he can make bread kind of like a bagel without the hole; bagel-esque burger bread, because
later that evening, which probably means someone’s tagged him on one of the damn pictures.  He doesn’t answer, but it still almost makes him smile.
“You love this car,”
“I’m just pleased that bonding over me bought you two lovebird together,” Dean interjects, grinning.
“In about four minutes,” Dean throws back, setting his glass back down with a click. His
“Yeah,” Dean says.
this?”
“Roger that.” Dean says, and then he holds him until Jess inadvertently interrupts them to get a cup of coffee, and then they kiss outside Sam’s front door until he returns home to deal with his crap.
“I aint a damn mind reader, no,” Bobby says, “But I’m pretty damn sure, as big of pain in the ass you are, that you aint done anything worthy of his goddamn disappearing act and, hell boy, even if you punched him in the damn face and called him out on his shit, he’s the damn parent and it’s
“Yes, you are very surprising.”
“I don’t want you to be angry at me anymore.”
Or, he had come to terms that Dean didn’t have the capacity to be what Castiel needed, and that continuing to have feelings for him was futile, and that it was very unlikely that he’d ever understand what the hell was going through Dean’s head. He’d
“Someone one share what’s going on with the rest of the class, y’idjits.” Bobby drawls and
“Cas, if I
Dean misses him too, but it is what it fucking-is, and… and there are still good things. There are still sonograms and unexpected days off. Christmas dinners and
But —-
“And nothing. Just watching your back, boy.”
to Cas’ place for a while, more out of practically than anything else. He felt bad about that for a couple of weeks, until Sam pointed out that
“Mmhm. You want me to pass that message on to Ellen? In fact, boy, how about a pass the phone on right now -?”
“People suck,” Dean exhales, “I wouldn’t do that.”
“I don’t know, someone broke my phone,” Cas deadpans.
“Apologise,” Castiel repeats, “
“You like him a lot,” Anna says
, Sam, as long as
rather than
“I don’t,” Cas says, “Think that you’re a basket case, and I wish I
“Douchebag.”
. He knows that. He really, really knows that. He saw the look on Cas’ face when he ran away upstairs and he knows what he’s gotta be thinking. Cas
“Hello,” Castiel says, hitting pause on his ‘writing playlist’ blaring from his laptop and turning to watch Dean appear in their front room, holding something that looks a lot like restaurant leftovers in one hand and a bottle of hand sanitizer in the other. Castiel shuts the laptop on his knees and sets it down on the coffee table to fully concentrate on smiling at his lovely, miracle of a husband. “How was service?”
“Giving you life? Here,” Dean says, nudging his own plate over and pushing his last hash brown in Cas’ direction because if anyone needs fried potato and bread right now, it’s Cas.  “Eat. You'll feel better in no time.”
was going to happen.”
Somehow, he winds up in a ditch.
?” Dean smiles, looking up at the ceiling as a swirl of affection sloshes around his gut. Cas is the best damn thing.
It’s been worse since then. It gets harder with every mile of distance and crappier since Cas actually visited, because the concept of what he’s missing felt a lot more real with Cas in his apartment. New Haven was a whole weird pipe dream. Cas in
(and also because she’s Charlie and seems to automatically absorb anything that happens on the internet).
“Not particularly, no,” Cas says.
. Of course I am ‘interested’.”
. Castiel feels rather than see’s him remove the pillow from his face and burrow back under the covers.
, funny and not ashamed to call him out on his bullshit. Normally, the latter is more of a positive trait than it feels like right now.
“I don't know
“- kids?” Dean interrupts and, and,
“And --- it doesn’t even have to be in iambic pentameter. I think Cas would be cool with regular old rhyming couplets -”
going on outside his little brother and turning up to work every damn day. “H
He sends him a ‘night’ text before he goes to bed, because they’ve been doing that since he left and it feels like it would mean something if he didn’t. Cas sends him a ‘goodnight’ back, and that’s it.
“I, okay,” Dean says, swallowing, “She doesn’t exactly have the whole picture, so, I -- okay. From the beginning. I, yeah, I was with Lisa for three days, but it wasn’t anything. Not saying I didn’t
all those slick, cold lines that always read as soulless to Dean. In retrospect, they come from different freaking worlds, and they’ve never agreed about music or movies or most food or wine vs beer, either. It took them eighteen months to decide on a place to buy, and then they spent a year fighting like cats and dogs over every single item of furniture, till they worked out a middle ground that kind of worked. Honestly, Dean kind of loved every second of it: at the end of the day, he’d rather spend three weeks battling it out about the benefits of fabric vs leather sofas, than have a version of Cas that swallows his opinion because he thinks it’s a problem if they disagree (although, he cannot goddamn believe that Cas is the kind of person who doesn’t like leather sofas; he flat out does not get it, even if he eventually conceded to several of his points and even though he does like the one they eventually got). He
as Dean heads for the coffee machine. “What do you do?”
“Don’t know that there’s a lot else to say,” Dean says. “It's good. We’re good.”
He’s beautiful. Dean’s been talking to him every day for months and now he’s sat in Dean’s car and he’s
“Yeah,” Dean says, because he
“Are you wearing sunblock?”
Dean is incredible.
“I, okay,” Dean stutters out, reaching out to touch his arm, then Bobby’s pulling into a gruff hug , and… he always thought of Bobby as larger than life, but he’s shorter than Dean, really, and he feels almost-small as Dean wraps an arm around his back and holds him.
“Bad at cooking.”
which was the absolute best thing to clinch his decision). It was an
“So you’re headed to the Milton house.”
and kissed him into the sofa cushions).
“Gabriel runs a business,
Dean hits dial.
“You are?”
“Patience is a virtue, Dean.”
Dean's first moment of consciousness on Tuesday morning is Cas' morning voice gravelling over a swear word, then there's
( I don't. I had a plan. I don't know where I put it but, here, have some fluff and then some mild angst and then some more fluff while I try and remember where we're going)
.” Claire says, holding it up in the air, “He’s got Ellie’s ears.”
. A lot of the time you were just trying to piss me off, but now you just… I don’t know, you’re all intense and
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, turning back towards Cas’ stuff. He adds the history book onto the
“You started the game of twenty questions,” Cas says, watching him with sharp eyes, the hint of a smile playing at the corner of his mouth. “If you think you can do better -”
Castiel takes the coffee and stares at him.
avoiding the question,” Castiel says, glancing down at the table with a rush of something like
to focus and do well if he is going to maintain his excellent GPA. His final year of college is not the time for him to lose focus.
,” Cas corrects, “I assumed you’d taken Meg’s room.”
“Sam,” Dean says, ”
“Hence the scotch,” Dean says, nodding, “You want me to bring it over? Unless you got some extra limbs hidden somewhere, don’t reckon you can carry six.”
“It,” Dean says, through the lump in the back of his throat, “It got… bad.” It’s easier to shuck up his shirt than actually explain, and it’s easier for Cas to know rather than to fumble around this tentatively rebuilt friendship trying to avoid any sore spots. He doesn’t visibly react this time, which means he’s got his head into his
Cas exhales that way he does that makes Dean’s chest clench, that always makes him feels like the biggest jerk in America, then his upper level reason kicks in and he registers that
thing fucks with my head and I --- I
“Right,” Dean says.
“Gonna have to be a bit more specific, Lise,” Dean snaps, shoving his hands in his pockets.
“He's
Sam has been there for him, always, and... and that means he’s always going to get a say, in part. Maybe not the final say, but he gets a vote, particularly when it comes to the mess in Dean’s head.
Cas’ fault. They’re both tired and moody after a weekend of packing and unpacking and
“Wear the douchey corporate duds, Cas,” Dean says, voice carrying through from the kitchen as Castiel glares at his half of the wardrobe in their bedroom feeling distinctly distressed. Nevertheless, he takes out his ‘douchey corporate duds’ out of the wardrobe and sets them on the bed next to the shirt, slacks combination he was debating.
"Why is it always
“Teasing me,” Dean says, leaning a little closer over the table, elbow now on the barista’s number. The symbolism brings him a keen sense of satisfaction that he wishes wasn’t there, because it’s embarrassing how petty he can be when it comes to Dean and a woman he’s now too distracted to hit on. “Good to know you’re still a dork,”
Dean types out a frantic
“Yeah,” Sam says, “But Jess explained that you were back. They uninvited us before Jess could say we couldn’t make it.”
“Yes,” Cas says, turning to look at him instead, gaze blue and piercing as ever, “You’re under no obligation to.”
, safe, and all of this was a long damn time ago. It’s over. He’s done.
“Imbibing alcohol.”
going to be forced into making the same damn mistakes over and over again because he has this misconstrued sense that he should be able to
“What’s the plan with this? Some honey soy marinade thing,” Dean says, gesturing at the bottles out on the side.
, exactly. He just gets this longing, sometimes, and that’s not fair to Sam. He doesn’t want Sam thinking he’s sat there wishing he was someone else, because that’s not
Apparently it's not just Castiel who can see right through him from a goddamn burger, now. He's getting more obviously a hot mess, in all areas of his damn life. All that shit he carefully hid under his carefully constructed personal has been spilling out from the seams of his life. If this is how it's gonna be now -- every damn person coming into his restaurant and seeing right through Dean Winchester -- he can't. He can't do that.
life, Dean. You’re too good.”
“Look, not all that sure me being here is helping with the dad stuff. I'll talk to him about it tomorrow, then maybe head off. Start working my way back to you.”
“I don’t know what kind of goddamn idjit decides to
“Yes,” Castiel says, “Errands. And --- reading. Thesis.”
“--- Yeah,” Dean says, “I
; the chill of it has burrowed it’s way into Dean’s bones and it hurt. He wasn’t expecting it to. He expected it to suck, but he didn’t expect it to sharpen itself into a point and
“Dude, service doesn’t start for like -”
“— how? Isn’t he rotting in Kansas somewhere?”
In the context of our relationship,
“No,” Dean says, “That’s not… no.”
Maybe it does. He hasn’t worked that out yet.
and started calling you Dreamy McDream face.  When I tell her we’re, uh...”
“Have you told your brother the good news?” Cas asks, taking a seat at the kitchen table as Dean heads for coffee.
“So you are saying that even if you specifically
“Operation: happily ever after. I ship it, Winchester, and I take shipping seriously.”
“Sure,” Dean mutters. He resists the urge to roll his eyes, just barely, as he takes the box out and sets it down on the Milton picnic table.
“Charlie,” Dean says, through a lump in the back of his throat. In front of them, a family are posing for a photo at the front of this crappy tourist bus. The couple behind have been passionately talking over the audio recording about Barcelona’s sights. Every other person in the vicinity is on vacation, whilst Dean’s just been drifting for years. They all came here on purpose. They saved up money and planned and booked hotels and bought tourist maps and Dean’s here because this is where the boat moored up and because Charlie Bradbury can be damn persuasive. He didn’t know a single thing about Barcelona until he wound up here the first time. “Charlie, I want to go home.”
that Cas and Sam get on as well as they do.
as a farewell gesture, you
St Petersburg is lonely, cold and gorgeous. Copenhagen is beautiful, too, and he might be in love with Amsterdam. Tallinn is a frigging wonderland and he thinks Sam probably needs to go to Norway as soon as he can afford to but, honestly, he just wants to be done with
“Dude, you’re gonna be bankrupt by last orders,” Dean says, “l’ll call us a freaking cab. You grab Roy, try and make sure he’s not gonna chuck up.”
never quite left and apparently it stretches to protecting Sam’s to Dean’s impressive stocks of bullshit. “I've been lying to Sam about something since he was in kindergarten. I feel freaking naked.”
“She’s in rehab,” Castiel says, “Somewhere.”
“Huh,” Meg says, with an edge to her smile. “
“That's where you're wrong,” Cas says, “Dean. Perhaps I would have had qualms about the
,” Cas says, “ I - it shouldn't have been in my blog. It was petty and I was upset. Despite what you seem to think, the review was never personal before that point.”
“Hell, not like I can begrudge you for that,” Dean says.
, huh?” Gabriel asks, raising an eyebrow at him.
“Awesome,”
“What?” Dean half splutters, sitting up straighter to follow Cas’ gaze which, just fucking awesome, is currently watching his gigantor of a brother making a dumbass of himself by trying to swim lengths in the tiny ass pool. Sam seems to have realised he’s
- really. Oh my god, are you together now? Okay, you know what, not my business yet. You two pick what you’re going to eat, I'm just going to - um.  Check if we have enough of the special. Scream into a pillow. You know, work stuff. Aaaaaah.”
at this, at finding that spot between his shoulder blades, following the taunt lines of muscle in the back of his neck, smoothing his palms over his shoulders, and it’s — something. Okay. Good.
his buzz right now, so there’s that. Cas is also probably right. Dean’s a little gross from his midnight essay hand in (online, thankfully, but he still wound up finishing it at the library up to the wire) and Cas has been hitting the books pretty hard, too. They cleared the schedule to allow this morning so they probably should brush their teeth for it, as he’s pretty sure they’re not gonna get dressed. “You get much done last night?”
“We did say we'd discuss this in full after your brother left,” Cas says, taking a slice of toast. “You cannot just declare that you're worried about money then refuse to discuss our options.”
Castiel hadn’t been optimistic enough to assume that he was
“ - that dinner. You invited me over to dinner so that I would cancel eating at your restaurant,” Cas says, words gathering heat, “The
“Forty minutes, tops,” Dean says, leaning forwards to kiss him, briefly.
“Urgh, wish everyone would drop that. It’s not like I didn’t pay her back,” Meg says “I’m fine, Clarence.”
“My car is better for freaking everything,” Dean says, “Up to and including
“Why was it crap?”
“So you’re gonna be moody as hell,” Dean smiles out across the sea, “Awesome.”
“But you wanted it.”
“Good night,” Castiel says, reaching out to kiss him again, lingering there.
“Hey there,” Charlie says, appearing at their table and trying very hard not to look at Dean, “Can I get you some drinks?”
“The second go around.”
“What’s your favourite breakfast?”
Not today, apparently.
“I’m sure yours will be better.”
“I was jealous,”
“Hey, I came after you first, Winchester, and you told me you wanted to be alone.
“I --- no, that’s, good,” Dean manages, jaw tightening.
he’s felt for the past few weeks.  “That wasn’t your intention. That was why you sent Dean on his road trip; the root of most of your arguments last year. You wanted independence, yet you asked him to move here.”
“I don’t know what
“Fine,” Dean says, setting down the damnable iron (Castiel did not actually know that they
“I’m not sure Mormonism is the way to go,” Cas says, when he calls him an hour later, as Dean’s trying to restack the fridge with the glut of food that Bobby just picked up from some fancy-ass organic food place, because apparently he fell for the marketing about Christmas dinner needing to cost a damn fortune to be festive. He’d shrugged and said something about how much both of he and Sam ate when he got back with all these damn bags, then disappeared up the stairs to leave Dean to unpack.
“Shut up a minute, I need to think.” Dean says, heart hammering. Cas’ expression falters, pauses, clouds back over. Cas is messed up. Maybe not Dean level of messed up, but he's spilling low self worth and the kind of crap that Dean knows leads to forced isolation and getting stuck in your own head. Cas barely even freaking did anything and he's spiraling into whatever the hell this is.
, at least within the confines of this building. There’s no backtracking. He can’t un-bang that gong. So, fine. Least of his problems right now.
“Dean,” Charlie says, “So, uh, him not sticking around. That's a problem?”
on that.”
“It came up.”
He comes back with coffee and
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave a message after the tone.
,” Castiel says, “It’s my friend’s pork recipe. She says it’s ‘unfuck-able’.”
, except for the part that he isn’t.
“Just about.” Dean says, shutting his eyes and letting his voice wash over him.
make a little more sense than Dean just driving out there after one dumb phone call, but he would have thought Sam knew he wouldn’t lie about something like that, for that long. He wasn’t exactly open about it before, sure, but that was before John Winchester died and before Sam came to live with him. He’s been pretty damn honest with his little brother since then, except about the odd thing that’s not worth the argument (like how he puts half his monthly paycheck into Sam’s college fund or the number of times he’s used looking after his little brother as an excuse to redrail the odd half-relationship from becoming serious).
, Dean. I didn’t mean to leave you with that damnable key, but I… I panicked. I was
drink was unacceptable,” Castiel says, “I got a cab. I’ll pick my car up tomorrow.”
, not Marv,” Dean says, “What kind of boss doesn’t even know someone imposed some dumbass rule about restaurant dating? I should be - in control. That’s what’s bugging the staff.”
This is a
“They —- she asked me to think about the first time it happened,” Dean says, “The freezing, can’t talk, stuck thing, because it’s a
about that and about everything else. He was
so he decided he just had to turn up as requested and reap the consequences of his actions, whatever that looks like. He feels crap enough that it probably won’t make him feel
