"Pay attention," he grinds out, clasping his hands into fists. It's aimed more at his own fuzzy brain, but when he opens his eyes he finds John blinking back at him, startled. "The case," he says, embracing the aimless anger and gesturing emphatically at the suitcase, "Of course it's pink. No other colour it could be. Her clothes. Her nails. The murderer took this suitcase. First big mistake. Nobody could be seen with a case like this without drawing attention – particularly a man, which is statistically more likely – so obviously he’d feel compelled to get rid of it the moment he noticed he still had it. Wouldn’t have taken him more than five minutes to realise his mistake. I simply checked every backstreet wide enough for a car in a five minutes radius from Lauriston Gardens."
John's voice is low and soft; heavy with honest affection as he murmurs those familar words of praise. Then he touches Sherlock's upper arm gently. His palm is warm and comforting as it wraps around the muscle and just stays there, squeezing lightly. He moves so careful, but with quiet confidence to face Sherlock. There is no tension nor apprehension between them. The balance has not yet shifted to something
"I know it is," Sherlock asserts, as if to deny John any power to define if his reactions are acceptable. However, his cheeks are flushed and he looks flustered. His eyes narrow on John and his lips thin into a straight line.
“Right. Right.” John's voice is gentle and appeasing. Not at all unkind. “It’s just… not supposed to be
In the next flat he can hear a song playing. Slowly it slips in under his skin; low and slow, melancholy yet hopeful, and brimming with raw emotion and soul. He lifts his head and tilts it to the side as he just listens, the words resounding in his mind… suddenly, it all just
Captain Watson continues to rhythmically squeeze the fragile heart muscle, coaxing it to take up its natural rhythm. He is muttering under his breath, his eyes snapping to the various monitors.
flared to life each time Sherlock stood too close, stared too intensely, touched just a little too frequently and let his fingers or eyes linger just a little too long.
He is trying to hold on but he can feel the overwhelming darkness surging forward to engulf his very being and a low rumbling sound is growing in his chest as he is overwhelmed with the increasing pressure of it all. His heart rate is escalating and there’s a buzzing sound in his ears building towards an unbearable level. Fissures are forming and spidering outward. He is splitting open. Then it is upon him, a *meltdown, the likes of which he hasn't experienced in years.
“You were obviously in a state of impassioned desire,” Sherlock ups the tempo of his words and pushes forward, driving John back with the grace and precision of a fencing swordsman, “As evidenced in your adamant invocation of my name and pleading for fulfillment of your primal need.-”
It took John far too long to decide he should break away; feeling somewhat faint as he drew back. He suspected he couldn't blame
“Shall I pinch you to confirm your brilliant assessment?” It is meant to be insulting and threatening but it comes out mortifyingly petulant, like a taunting child. Sherlock lets out a harsh breath and flexes his hands at his sides. He wants his hands on John's flesh again, to know every part of him, devour him completely. He will rip apart worlds with his bare hands to make this happen.
"No. No. Not at all..." I shake my head and lift a hand to deny the accusation but I can't help but glance back up towards the camera. I can't tell her that my sudden interest in her closed circuit security system is because a shadowy government agent had demonstrated his ability to hack such a system by tracking me down and springing a trap to abduct me. I can't tell her that I'm understandably cautious because I'm now under constant surveillance by people who are looking for an opportunity to kill my flatmate. I can't tell her about the mess I made for myself and Sherlock when I had to perform for a camera. I'm becoming more and more agitated with each thought tumbling through my head.
“I am…” Sherlock lifts his eyes to John briefly, then slides them away, feeling the sting of the open hurt and disappointment in their depths. “It was not my intention to keep this from you forever but… it is…
“Should have seen it... Got a cousin with Autism. Guess I never put it together because you control it so well…” the Inspector glances around at the ransacked room with a grimace. “
He flips over onto his back and closes his eyes as he surrenders to it. His mind drifts up through the cracked, plaster ceiling, through the wooden floor and through the bed to the sleeping ex-soldier above. He calls him down until he can feel the man's weight settle on top of him.
and just prefers to keep people off balance. I won't give him the satisfaction of reacting defensively.
“Come now,” she says pulling away after a long hug and smoothing herself. “Someone might actually think you missed your
The present situation came back into focus and the doctor realized that he should say something... Something respectful of the fact that his friend had some trauma in this area and didn’t need to be made to feel ashamed about being a flesh and blood male that occasionally couldn't control his anatomy. All men had been
to him are different things in John's mind. And so too, in a vastly different category, is a willingness to
He tilts his head back into that imagined pull and feels the vulnerability in his neck being so exposed. He suddenly feels a thrumming in his head and chest like the world is warping around him with throbbing waves of distortion. His heart thrashes wildly against his rib cage with the intensity of this
"Colleague. He's my colleague." Sherlock interjects. He can just imagine Donovan's reaction to finding out he's got a doctor in tow. She'd relish the chance to get in some pot shots about the need to have him committed or medicated. He moves in-between Donovan and John to lift the police tape and let John duck underneath.
"Don't try to mitigate the truth with empty platitudes. It's an insult to my intelligence as well as a discredit to your character."
“You took your time,” Sherlock interrupts my assessment of the room almost immediately. I glance up at him, surprised and confused. That he is actually speaking, rather than just ignoring me is probably the most telling sign that he is hoping to distract me from looking too closely at the room.
“It’s a simple construct, John.” He folds his long legs, crosswise as he settles into his own chair facing John. “There is
It takes all Sherlock’s dwindling restraint not to say something to break the tension or to try to unravel the mystery of John’s intentions. He wants to know what John is thinking, what he is planning, if this is some sort of tease or the beginning of his request being fulfilled. He can’t predict John and every nerve is buzzing with anxious anticipation. It is nearly unbearable but John had (
your brother's minder." I speak slowly. The unspoken subtext is that I'm not Mycroft's paid lacky. I'm not under his employ or command.
Sherlock slips his hands into his hair. Curling his fingers, he yanks until the violent fission sparking across his scalp, shivers down his spine and pools in a burning, pulse low in his groin.
"I'm curious, why would a star rugby player need to reach out to his controlling ex-girlfriend who he's been desperately trying to escape? Why does he have no one else to turn to in his hour of need?" She pauses and there's a expertly measured cruelty to her dry and dispassionate look and her cutting words. "Is it perhaps because he's surrounded by friends but still determined to be alone?" She is near expressionless, other than the lift of single eyebrow at him that seems to demand a response.
Sherlock sags back against the strong arms holding him together. His body feels like jelly; boneless; arms hanging useless at his sides while his nerves crackle and jangle from the lingering input.
Sherlock blinks and looks down, his face flooding with heat as he realises he’d just said all of that out loud. He clears his throat and releases his grip on John’s shoulders. “I’ve apparently lost the filter between my brain and mouth.” He frowns down at his bare feet.
he grumbles as he dives into the wardrobe and emerges with a rather posh purple button down shirt. He strips off his robe and tries to swirl into the button down shirt but stalls out with only one arm in and his face contorted in pain. He is unable to twist to get his other arm into the sleeve without hurting his ribs. John steps up behind him and grabs the shirt, holding it so he can slip his other arm in without twisting it so far back.
He is still jogging and distractedly scanning the surroundings for Sherlock when he feels the hands close around the lapel of his shirt only a heartbeat before he senses his presence.
“Thank you,” I add, plastering on a kind smile, feeling as though I should compensate for Sherlock's rudeness. She tips her head in a nod and a little smile curls up the corner of her mouth.
Pity is one thing Sherlock cannot tolerate. His last bit of restraint cracks. Cold rage violently collides with blazing need as his emotions coalesce into a sharply focused, dark and desirous force of nature. He topples headlong into it.
When it was over and you ripped the jacket off me it felt like you ripped me open. There it was, my heart, right out there for you to see. I
"Solved a few simple ones." He flicks a dismissive hand, as his eyes find me again. He lifts a finger to point at me, "but the point
It is not surprising that Mycroft puts this down to petty rebillion on Sherlock's part. Sherlock can admit that, in the darkest recesses of the heart, there is envy for Mycroft's privileges as a Liaison. The ability to walk amongst humans and be seen, to touch and be touched, is wasted on Mycroft who keeps himself far removed from the world of men, even whilst forced to be immersed. Sherlock knows a similar opportunity to quench burning curiosity would be cherished. It seems cruel to be cursed to spend all of time encouraging people to let go of a corporeal existence, but having no idea what they are giving up - why it is so difficult for them. However, Henry Nahyt had little to do with Mycroft and their feud.
"Completely sodden and -" John lifts a hem of the coat and takes a sniff, then leans away from it, his whole face scrunching. "That'll need a wash." When he turns back around, his gaze meets Sherlock’s for a second and then sweeps down over him, apparently already attempting to assess his state.
“I was - that was your first time having sex?” John's voice sounds odd; strained but also thin and hollow. What is that tone? Remorse? Regret? Shame? Disappointment? Anger? Disgust? For Christ’s sake, why must John be so complicated in all the ways Sherlock is least skilled in?
Seconds pass and Sherlock is hyper-aware that John isn't moving away. He's not leaving. In fact, he can feel John's gaze on the side of his face. He turns his head and glares at him.
In the dark, I can only see the silhouette of him straddling my thighs; an ebony void etched against the washed out grays of the room. I'm panting, trying hard to bring him into focus, but not quite succeeding.
you didn’t offer that fact to the young DI to garner additional favour.” His voice has a cold, cutting edge, like bitterness.
John smiles playfully. He lowers Sherlock gently to the couch with a hand behind his head and moves to hover himself over the body stretched on the couch. “I'm not scared, Sherlock,” he says flatly. Sherlock studies him carefully.
he is with his aversion to all forms of physical intimacy. There's no way that irrefutable proof of his own freakish dysfunction won't hurt on
“I - I was trying to put his happiness first. I was trying to be a supportive friend,” Sherlock snaps defensively.
“No.” It is both a response to his question and a directive, warning John not to press the issue. Sherlock feels
until his brain can no longer shut it out. Food and sleep and sex; all things that at best are a waste of time and at worst are a slippery slope to overindulgence; obsession in the making. Yet his body consistently hijacks his mind in service of these base needs.
That leaves just Mycroft and I in a space that somehow seems uncomfortably small in spite of being an obvious upgrade from that first car they'd sent to get me.
. Mind games. Manipulation. That sort of thing. Two weeks in and she'd already taken complete control of his life. Was telling him she was the best thing that ever happened to him. Isolated him from friends. Tearing him down - just, you know - awful stuff. Sounded miserable. I just thought -” She gestures helplessly at John and Mary arguing. “He said - like you'd... Um... said, Irene - she was constantly dropping hints about marriage. Where they'd live. The friends they
“Goodbye, Henry Nahyt. I hope we don't meet again for a very long time.” Sherlock says. There is a burst of light and a rush of fire that shoots from the entity’s hand and through Henry’s chest as it shoves him back into his body.
Outwardly he can only blink at the ceiling, feeling John staring at him through the too-thin darkness.
"Oh, brilliant!" Relief breaks over her face. "We're desperately short staffed." She is a flurry of excited motion as she searches through the stacks of papers on the desk. "Can you stay and fill it out now?" She smiles and eagerly nods in answer for me as she pushes a clipboard with an application form and the position description towards me.
He turns and looks at his bed, recalling that, when the deductive methods fail, there is a physical process to recalling stubborn memories. Putting himself in the same position in which the memory was recorded sometimes provides enough clues for the fragments to be captured and reassembled.
” Sherlock unfolds like origami; feet flat on the floor, hands gripping the edge of the desk as he leans forward, glaring.
His eyes have that dark spark in their depths which is both thrilling and terrifying. I can't put my finger on why this feels like a threat, but I bristle.
I shift uneasily and my gaze is once again drawn to the corner. I can't ignore it any longer - not with where this conversation is heading.
“You weren’t supposed to see that,” Sherlock says placing his hands on his hips as his face slides to something guarded. He looks towards the door, grasping for a distraction. “I am thinking we will go to Angelo’s for dinner. We haven’t been by in five months and he tends to-”
don't quite seem like selling points in this context. At last I decide to focus on some more common ailments I have significant experience with. Form completed, I stride back towards the desk. As I approach, I can see that there is another woman standing behind it chatting with the receptionist.
it will slowly decay if you don’t take it out... use it for its intended purpose. It has to be touched, handled, loved.”
He glances back at me with a smirk and then plunges in with a breathtaking demonstrations of his skill; revealing to me how a glimpse of an incorrect date on Sebastian's new watch had provided all the evidence he needed to deduce what the man had been up to.
"Hey, hey!" John steps towards Sherlock, as if to stop him. When Sherlock looks up sharply, pinning him with a glare, he freezes, lifting his still raised hands a little higher as if to show he means no harm. "Listen, Sherlock... I just wanted to
In the hallway Sherlock freezes in mid-stride. He throws a hand against the wall to steady himself and smooths his other hand down his bare chest and abdomen. The part of him that seems bound to John won't stop its relentless flailing about within him. The sensation of things shifting underneath his skin and writhing around in the hollows of his interior is no less disconcerting for its familiarity due to John’s uncanny ability to evoke it. There is a buzz running through his frame and a fission of anticipation bubbling in his chest. The closest thing he can associate it with is the intoxicating high when he realises that a formidable game of pursuit is revealing itself. He knows all his faculties will be tested but he is eager for the challenge.
He hadn't noticed the sound of running water, or the stream filling up the room and billowing around the small space. The bath is nearly full, bubbles frothing over the surface. It smells of his bergamot and cedar body wash.
John fixes Sherlock with a scornful look over his mug. Sherlock huffs and turns his eyes to the fireplace in frustration over the detour to a topic he'd rather avoid. He considers launching into another diatribe about how the incident with last year’s gift and an acidic compound had been
The sharp clink of ice cubes shifting against the glass in John's hand brings him back from the well-worn path of dark thoughts he was habitually circling within his mind. He blinks and stares down at the brown liquid in the dim light of the empty flat. He tastes the sharpness of it on his lips as his tongue sweeps over them.
"Working on bloody hypothermia, stubborn bastard." He mutters, apparently mostly to himself. His fingers are moving quickly and efficiently over the buttons and soon he's stripping Sherlock of his wet shirt. As John turns to toss it away, Sherlock gives a violent shudder. The drenched fabric hadn't felt warm by any means, but his bare wet skin feels painfully frigid now. His teeth clatter and it shakes the entire world to pieces.
Those two fingers stop stroking and just rest against the center of Sherlock's lips. It's like a question but Sherlock doesn't understand what is being asked. He looks up at John, hovering over him, then slowly parts his lips, letting John's fingers slip inside. He is relieved to find that that must be the right answer because John's whole demeanor transforms immediately.
a doctor. You're not even licensed." He is urgently trying to shimmy his way into an equally tight and astonishingly expensive looking suit jacket without straining his ribs and it's ridiculous to watch him huff and strain. John takes pity on him and steps forward, seizing him with a firm grip on both shoulders and turning him to face him. He squares off in front of Sherlock, using this moment of having him still and captive to make Sherlock hear his words and understand his determination.
"No." John raises up his hands and laughs. "No. Nothing like that. Just… want to know what you like."
“Oh, yeah,” Billy asserts. “I was so in love. It felt like… well..." He laughs softly, rubbing at the back of his neck as he gazes into the warm light ahead. "A bit like this, actually.”
'No." I let out a long breath and grind the heels of my palms into my eyes. “Said he wasn’t interested, I think."
) I cannot imagine her smuggling a can of yellow spray paint in her Prada bag, nor defacing the portrait of her former boss, who she seems to adore as much as she despises her new one.
Sherlock sees it now; the dance they have been caught in. Move and mirror or countermove. Sliding sideways and wondering why John goes the opposite direction in countermove. Retreating then watching John retreat in mirror move. They can't help but move in relation to one another, so if he wants John to come close he has to move close with clear intent, he can't come at it sideways or retreat and expect John to break pattern. He needs to move towards John with clear intent and John will draw closer in mirror move.
"What is it? Why've you barricaded the door?" Sherlock spills into the room, smelling of fresh London air, cigarette smoke, and dust. His eyes dart wildly around the space and then drag over me; undoubtedly gathering reams worth of information.
He has done his best to forget that first time he and Irene had met face-to-face and she'd forcefully attempted to seduce him by straddling his lap whilst naked. It had been a victory for him in that he'd recovered the rather indecent photos she'd taken with the University’s Vice-Chancellor. However, he'd been left disturbed by the whole incident. Up to that point in his life, he'd managed to avoid being put in overtly sexual situations. He'd therefore avoided having to consider just how dysfunctional his labido (more truthfully, a lack thereof) must be.
Hands moved across the flesh of John's hip and stomach as skillful fingers caressed his throbbingly hard erection through his pants, dancing over the tip with skilled precision. Delicate touches traced the head, then firmed as they stroked down and back up its thick shaft. The touch was curious and teasing in an oddly demanding way.
This is bad. Even if I can get ahold of RJ and arrange for his brother-in-law to look into recovering my money, that will take time - time I don't have. I shake my head, trying to come up with a solution.
Gingerly removing his Belstaff and hanging it up, Sherlock pulls his own chair up close to John’s and seats himself with a hair’s breadth of space between their knees.
trusted Sherlock at the time. There had been a look in the consulting detective's eyes; a deep burning intelligence and the ability to ask the right question, that one just hovering in the back of her own subconscious but not quite breaking through. He had solved the case in a dramatic, adrenaline-fueled rush, sparking and igniting everyone around him and drawing in power from John, Lestrade, Molly and,
Having walked a few more blocks, he stops beneath a small awning and leans against the brick building. He pulls out his mobile and his finger hovers over the screen as he considers who he can call. He nearly drops the phone when an icy raindrop slides from his hair down the back of his neck and it sets off a full body shiver. His fingers are numb and trembling a bit as he scrolls through his list of contacts and considers who among them might be willing and able to come halfway across London to get him in the middle of the night. Many of his mates don't own a car. Still others are not close enough of a friend to ask such a large favour. He mentally discards each one and then, feeling a bit desperate, scrolls back up.
In the corner of the helicopter, the figure in the long black coat stands, unseen, in a semblance of military parade rest; feet shoulder-length apart and one hand grasping its other wrist at the center of its back. From beneath a furrowed brow, its icy blue eyes observe Captain Watson. It tilts its head to the side and listens to the dark, irenic hum of the Captain's thoughts.
“John-” There is a small jerk of his head in denial and a twinge in the muscle by his nose, like a suppressed grimace. “It’s nothing. Forget it.”  He shoves me away, turns, and pulls open the door to the taxi. “Forget I said anything… it’s nothing to do with me.”
“Why not?” His shoulders shift against the wooden floor in a shrug. “Don’t mind- I don't mind the -” John gestures at the fridge. “Your 'speriments don't bother me.”
John staggers back a few steps, feeling like he has just been run over by a lorry. As Sherlock moves past him towards his own bedroom, John can now see that he is moving just the slightest bit gingerly and... Oh, god...
John touches his ear at the sudden throb of pain that shoots through it. He gives a fleeting thought about needing to get his ears looked over. Then he scrubs his eyes to try to focus on the chart once more.
to restore Sherlock to functionality. Sherlock solves crimes and saves all of England on occasion; restoring his faculties is practically an act of heroism. And surely Sherlock can arrange a metal or knighthood or having John declared a national treasure or
know that's a thing people say to try to make themselves feel better when relationships become untenable." Sherlock makes a dismissive gesture, flicking his hand through the air as if he wishes John would just leave already.
Then he's moving towards me with inhuman jerkiness like a puppet with its strings tangled or some reanimated
In the space of several thundering heartbeats two revelations burst across Sherlock’s brain as explosions of light, colour and earth-shaking sound.
“Joh-” Sherlock struggles to find air to force the words out. His heart is racing like the worst of his close calls with a drug overdose. It can't take the strain a moment longer. It's going to explode. A little muted pop and he will be gone.
“Telling the truth, as you did for the 11 days prior and now I am asking you one more question,” Sherlock says impatiently.
"That's him," the receptionist says as I approach, tilting her head towards me. The woman beside her lifts her gaze to me. She's got long light brown hair pulled back into a tight ponytail, cornflower blue eyes, and the type of smock that marks her as medical staff.
“Don’t worry, you’re doing fine,” Sherlock says still a little breathless; parroting his response from back then. “Twenty minutes, John,” he adds, thinking the time limit will put the doctor’s mind at ease.
Sherlock waits until the door clicks shut before he springs up off the sofa and moves to the window to gaze down at the sandy blond head of his flatmate.
I'm trying to get away but can't. I'm trying to scream but I'm drowning in blood, gurgling up to flood my mouth with its thick, copper penny sludge. I'm gagging but I can't breathe. The darkness is closing in.
John sighs and Sherlock hears him turn away. He can feel the strain gathering in his own face; the corners of his eyes pinching and mouth tightening for a moment as he holds back the question he wants to ask.
numerical digit. It is a rather important one at that,” Sherlock says effectively intercepting and deflecting John's (anticipated) argument as he places the tray of medical supplies on the lid of the closed toilet. He stands there in the doorway fidgeting; hands flexing at his side, shifting his weight slightly from foot to foot.
I expect him to let me in once he's gained entry, but, of course, the prat doesn't bother. My frustration and anxiety grows as I call him on the buzzer several times, but there is radio silence.
Sherlock just studies him with his brow furrowed and a deep frown; his trembling hands still lightly ghosting across the bandage over John’s fresh wound; the white fabric is already stained deep red.
There is a tense quiet and Sherlock thinks that perhaps John has been turned off the idea by Sherlock's ineptitude. This possibility should be a pure relief, but instead there is a achy sort of need, like longing, welling up. It’s been a long time since Sherlock has experienced anything like that sort of feeling and he clenches his sheets tighter, as if he can physically force it back down into to the dark depths from whence it came.
He feels the bile churn in his stomach, trying to creep up his throat. A deep-seated hatred for the inherent flaws, the insistent demands and the uncontrollable urges of his
. Never saw it. Put a bullet through her head in front of John, no less, and with his own gun. Thought I'd saved us both.” He lets out a bitter bark of laughter and his face contorts with self-loathing as he zips on; the speed of his words accelerating and his voice growing harsher.
As he unravels the bandages, John feels himself unraveling as well. Tension he didn't know he was holding in his chest, arms and shoulders, slowly unwinding, layer by layer, until the fabric flutters free and it is just the ugly, gnarled, bare flesh of his damaged hands. They are trembling slightly. Sherlock's fingers hover for a moment and then he looks up into John's eyes, silently asking permission again. The flash of John’s answering smile dazzles him and for a second he is disorientated, staring down at the scabbed fingers; confused, thinking they are his own.
Sherlock carefully runs his fingertips over the shell of John’s ear. He has always wanted to run his tongue over that. He never could figure out what the texture might be like, how fragile the lobe might be if he sucked on it. He pinches that soft mound of flesh between finger and thumb now and John smiles, making a quiet, rumbling sound and shifting forward a bit. Sherlock’s groin throbs in response.
For long minutes after Sherlock leaves the room, he leans against the wall with his body frozen and his mind racing; trying to rearrange everything he thought he knew about Sherlock, about himself, about what they are to each other. Overwhelmed, his mind goes black and only one thought rises to the surface:
John turns and runs. He doesn’t stop running until he is all the way back to his bedsit. He slams the door behind himself and collapses onto his knees in the doorway. He just kneels there with his head hung in defeat.
Sherlock is vaguely aware that she desperately wants them to stop looking at her, so he turns his eyes to stare at his own hands as he processes the information.
Victor is a mess. His face is swathed with bandages and a metal contraption has his jaw wired shut. The way his purple-ringed eyes widen and he squirms slightly upon seeing Sherlock makes something like satisfaction curl inside Sherlock, straightening his spine a little.
He was at once aware of both Sherlock's continued state of distress, and the nagging concern that some important boundaries were being crossed. His words of reassurance were as much for himself as the still distraught man beneath him, as he tried to coax them both into breathing normally again.
"Case. You're a client now." Sherlock pulls open the door and strides out, pink suitcase in tow. Stunned, John follows him into the hall.
The crime scene is horrific. The smell is never something one fully adjusts to but to see such a small body, bloody and broken, causes a revulsion deep inside the most hardhearted. There is a cold brutality to this particular scene that leaves even the most experienced of the homicide team visibly shaken. Even Sherlock feels the bile climb into his throat and when he turns to leave he finds himself staring directly into John's haunted eyes.
John considers for a few disorienting seconds that he might be hearing things again. It would be true to his luck that the universe would send Sherlock’s ghost to sabotage him just when he is about to get a little relief. However, interspersed with that unquestionably
The way Sherlock had come back to life and sucked all the air from John's lungs had nearly stopped his heart.
“Don't." Sherlock steels himself and makes his tone cold and slicing. "I've told you already to call me Sherlock, and I haven't been kissing
“The secretary,” Sherlock snaps in that way that could be a conclusion of a deduction he deems obvious or could be an impatient order.
I sniff and stare straight at her for a moment before I give in with a stilted nod. Suppose we've got to face it if there's any hope to solve this.
"So, I'll just-" John's dark blue eyes flick up to Sherlock's for only a second, as if for final confirmation, before they lower and he sets about carefully untying the belt.
12 hours, 22 minutes and 17 seconds, he has waited. With uncharacteristic patience, he has waited for John to take the lead and set the terms for addressing what occurred last night. Yet, John has narry said a word to Sherlock about it.
for John. Something that might be worth testing - expermenting on. This could, quite possibly, be Sherlock's
It's more of an order than a declaration. He pinches harshly at my peaked nipple and it seems angry and dark but no less arousing, sending a jolt through me that makes me buck up into him.
My hands are clasped behind my back and I'm glancing around when a man emerges from a nearby office to intercept us. He is as tall as Sherlock, with dark hair, slicked to the side and an expensive suit. He is a bit heavier built with a bulldog jaw, bloodshot, deep-set eyes, overhanging brows, and a seemingly almost permanent large, mischievous grin.
just beneath the surface of the facade. John's deep blue eyes would suddenly darken and an expression like anguish and self-loathing would take over his features. He would quickly move away or look down, and a cold and awkward silence would settle between them again.
smells of John. John has seeped into his pores and every breath seems to fill his nostrils with the aroma of the two of them, together; scents intertwining as their bodies had. He can still taste John in his mouth. His flesh burns, as if every touch from John Watson’s fingertips is emblazoned on his skin; a branding, evidencing the one to whom it now belongs. Such a short amount of time, and yet this virtual stranger has managed to permeate the very fabric of his being.
"No! Your premise is faulty, John. I don't accept your apology. You have no authority to request absolution." Propelled by pure anger, Sherlock huffs all the way to the desk and plants his fists on it with his back to John, leaning over his microscope.
Sitting there across from Sherlock at Angelo’s, he had immediately started to bristle at being misunderstood by Sherlock but then he recognized the compliment buried in the somewhat timid rejection and he actually felt...
turns me back around. I'm apparently blocking the door of an office. When I apologise and step aside, I find I'm looking into a clinic with a large
“Stay with me, Sherlock,” John murmurs against his lips, pulling back a little to those soft, almost innocent presses. “It’s Ok. I’ve got you.” Sherlock nods, his lips slipping off John's with the motion of his head, brushing against the rough stubble of his dimpled chin. The change of texture pulls him closer to the surface.
Sherlock had been the first person that had looked at him and really seen him since he returned from the war. Before the injury his average looks had never been the type to garner a lot of fuss or interest, but with a kind smile and easygoing nature he had held his own romantically and at least people had looked him in the eyes. Now most people dismissed him out of hand. They looked away or right through him. Some were so afraid of staring they purposely avoided him. If people did look they could never see past the injury and so their eyes inevitably held pity, disgust or something near guilt.
Sherlock opens his eyes and straightens his spine. He hardens his expression with a mask of cold determination as he takes a step towards the bed.
but it’s not something one is likely to come by anywhere else. I slip it in my pocket. I'm not sure what I plan to do with it, but it feels important, like evidence of a crime.
“Right.” I bite down on the urge to curse him out and instead tuck my gun in the back of my waistband, covering it with my jumper.
in the sense of an episode of complete loss of behavioral control in a person with Autism due to sensory, informational or emotional overload. More information is available here:
John chuckles and then is overcome; all that affection and desire he usually clamps down on before it can fully make it to the surface, rushes forward like the sun bursting over the horizon.
out of you. I’d hate to see how either of you would have ended up without each other.” Lestrade looks at Sherlock a long moment and Sherlock shifts his weight and looks down, memories of the time before John, when the DI would pull him out of the occasional drug house or found him on the street cold, hungry and in withdrawal, bubble to the surface.
In that moment (and somewhat randomly and unexpectedly afterwards) John felt a tingling heat through his insides and buzzing on his nerves like something new and hungry was twisting its way to the surface.
Sherlock comes back to himself. He sucks in a sharp breath, and whips around. His eyes narrow on the door.
Mary is blushing and looking flustered. She glances at John, but he's already backing away, looking relieved for the interruption. She touches her lips, tucks her hair behind her ear, hesitates, then smiles almost bashfully at Irene, and nods. Irene jumps up and plants a lingering kiss on Mary's cheek. She takes her by the hand and begins to lead her away.
that has been eluding him. At the heart of it is a memory from their intimate night together. He remembers now - the shock and pain of John fleeing and, as he stood near the door the way he gestured, with hands that were shaking, at Sherlock's (repulsively masculine) naked chest and said
He starts to turn and pull Sherlock along to his office when his eyes finally land on me. He seems surprised to find anyone else here. His eyes shift back to Sherlock, eyebrows raised as if asking for explanation.
He licked his lips as he stood outside the door, steeling himself. His heart fluttered inside his chest.
“Alright, Captain?” Stinson mumbles, only giving half his mouth over to speech; steadfastly avoiding waking anything more than he has to.
His features were made young and innocent by his uncharacteristically tranquil state. The lines of concentration and attentiveness on his brow and around the corners of his eyes had smoothed and virtually disappeared. His surprisingly long, dark lashes fluttered against the pale of the skin of his cheeks and his breathing, deep and relaxed, barely disturbed the lean chest with its shallow rising and falling. Not a twitch nor a spasm from the usually frenetic man, such was the depth of his oblivion. This was a body totally at peace.
Sherlock points out, in the most insulting and belittling way possible, that the wound is on the right side of the head and, since Van Coon is left-handed, it would have been nearly impossible for him to have shot himself in the right side of his head. Of course, given that I am left-handed but prefer to shoot with my right hand, it’s not exactly an air-tight argument, but I don’t mention this at the moment. I am more concerned that Sherlock seems to be on the edge of committing homicide over the fact that Dimmock dares to express skepticism about the victim being left-handed.
be ignored. There is no distraction, no problem, no case and no scientific experiment that will sufficiently deter him from that unquenchable need. Not cigarettes nor cocaine, nor morphine will do; as if John would tolerate him having
John moves to the opposite side of his bed and tucks the bottle under the mattress so that supplies will be within easy reach from either side.
John’s hands knead Sherlock's flesh gently before grasping and pulling the globes apart and suddenly Sherlock is very aware that his most intimate parts are exposed to John's studious gaze. It is thrilling and terrifying all at once and it takes everything in him not to squirm. He has never been one to be self-conscious about his body but, then again, he has never really cared this much about his transport being an acceptable offering.
"I'm afraid you've got the wrong impression of me," he says with a grin that strives (and fails) to be mild. "Such tactics are not something I make a habit of employing. But, you will agree, I had a point to prove."
care?” Sherlock’s jaw is clenched but his eyes are glassy; swimming with liquid. “I burn and break and kill everything I touch.” He is moving quickly now, pacing, hands moving in those familiar fluid, exaggerated gestures with the rapid flow of his thoughts. “He is right. No one stays. I drive them away. I let them down. I kill them and wound them and break them in infinitely unforgivable ways. I can’t even manage to be worthy of what little he gives me. I can’t
When his mind comes back to the present, John is still caressing the marks he made on Sherlock’s flesh and Sherlock can tell by the touch and the harsher nasal tones of John's breathing that the sight of these injuries disturbs him That twists something awful in Sherlock's stomach. He quickly discovered the first day he met John that he has an uncomfortable aversion to disappointing him… as well as an addiction to drawing words of awe and praise from the otherwise reserved soldier.
is holding the broken bodies of babies and children - victims of stray bullets, or missiles, or bombs - as their families wail with horror and grief.
In the spaces in-between, atoms are splitting. Their essence is spilling into a rising tide of radiant, nuclear energy. It blazes through his body in liquid fire. It's a cascade. He is sliding towards inevitable meltdown as that surge of excess electrical energy sets every part of his body into motion; twitching, trembling, flexing.
day. John turns his eyes back on Sherlock, who is not moving. “You stay there, Sherlock,” he instructs.
“Please. Please. Please...” Sherlock can barely speak but he forces those words out. He releases his grip on his own cock and that is all it takes to send him tumbling. He feels John tipping over too; roaring and arching, pulsing so deep inside him. He can't focus through the implosion of his own orgasm. His body clenches tightly around John, as the bliss washes over him in fire and light; obliterating everything he ever thought he knew about his physical form's capacity to experience pleasure.
This time Sherlock lets himself consider the feeling of John’s unfaltering, nimble fingers running through his hair. It is not difficult to imagine since the doctor has sometimes run an assessing hand over his scalp, seeking out and determining the severity of head trauma following various encounters with criminals.
He is whispering. The concern in his voice is clear. John has never liked being deprived of his sight. Still, his hands move deftly over Sherlock's body. Sherlock directs one of John's hands down the inside of his thigh. He moves the other, now slick with lube to circle his entrance.
His eyes are warm and reassuring. Sherlock feels his resolve crumble. He leans in and rests his head on John’s shoulder; feeling the strength in the ex-soldier's firm body. Those powerful arms wrap around him.
“Mr. Wilkes will see you now.” She rises to her feet and makes a gesture of invitation. “If you’ll follow me.” She starts off in the direction of Mr. Wilkes’ office and then I am completely distracted from the confrontation with Sherlock because she is wearing crimson stiletto heels and clearly putting a sway in her hips, naturally drawing eyes to her shapely legs and very flattering, tight, pencil skirt.
In the middle of the floor, partially obscuring the now faded letters ‘RACHE’ scratched into the wood, is a scrap of paper. Sherlock moves to it and crouches down beside it. He lifts his eyes to the vision of John as he appeared at this, their first crime scene. They were both much younger then, in some ways softer. John looked up at him, knelt beside her pink clad body, wearing that tilted, incredulous smile that would become so familiar. There had been a spark of excitement and intrigue in John’s eyes as he leaned closer to ask what he was doing there. It made everything inside Sherlock buzz. The memory awakes a crackling fizz through his insides, like an obstructed signal coming through in faint snatches.
It's like grief in that way - how it moves in waves, swells and retreats - crashing into you anew just when you think you've beaten it back.
John quirks an eyebrow inquisitively, as if he suspects something else is going on. He purses his lips and glances at the mess around the room before his eyes fall on Sherlock again. He looks Sherlock over carefully. What he sees makes his expression shift to something softer, a little less closed off. He sighs in a familiar sign of reluctant resignation.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasps with surprise and delight in his voice. His hand stops and flattens on John's chest.
"Thank you." There's relief in his voice. Sherlock stares at the floor as John crouches down in front of him.
You make me hurt you, you know? It’s like you want to piss me off. You know how it makes me. Yet, you
She hums at my response but it's clear that she's skeptical. She fails to shield her notepad and I clearly see her write
“Takeaway then? Chinese?” Sherlock ducks his head and steeples his fingers in front of his mouth to try to hide the upward curl of his lips.
after what has occurred. That he gave up that right when he was so repulsed by what they’d done that he needed to flee without an explanation.
He huffs and looks up from his phone at the rain drizzled street with all the people scurrying by that look as miserable as he feels. He shouldn't even be considering her an option.
“Alright,” John leans forward a bit and looks up at his tall, dark haired companion with a small smile. “Zero it is.”
Sherlock is trying to further provoke John in order to drive him away from any logical arguments against his primitive need to stick his prick in a warm body. And John... well, Sherlock can’t quite figure out what purpose John is working at. He seems to want to gentle the kiss but Sherlock keeps defeating his efforts, even going so far as to bite John's lip just to infuriate him.
"John?" His voice is heavy with confusion. He must have at last turned and looked for John, wondering why he hadn't taken his usual place at Sherlock's side.
Sherlock sniffs in a sharp breath through his nose and tries to turn his head to look at John and discern what he's saying. John sits up a little to allow him. He can just barely manage to see a bit of John's face. He is smiling warmly.
Sherlock stares at John for a long moment, standing there by his bed in the dim light, looking so soft and full of (what almost appears to be) a tender remembrance for their evening together. It's a painful shock all the way to Sherlock's core.
“Wait. What’s wrong with yours?” My hand is curled around my phone in my coat pocket. I take a half step back but he follows with his hand still out insistently.
He quickly returns to stroking John. He isn’t brave enough to reach into John’s pants; though he desperately wants to, he is afraid that may be one step too far. Surely John can’t pretend Sherlock is someone else when his
Sherlock stares up at him from under the covers with wide eyes, confused and vulnerable in a way that strikes at John's core. John sighs and starts to walk to the door. He hesitates, stops and turns around.
He is open and slick from his own attempts at release but he still has a second of panic when that thick tip pushes into him and his body squeezes tight against that unprecedented intrusion. It burns, but Sherlock wouldn’t stop if it meant tearing himself in two to have John all the way inside him. His whole body shivers and pulses as John seems to slowly impale him. He can’t help the noises that tear free from his chest now. It feels like being born again; the fusing of two into one, creating a completely new being.
“Don't worry, Greg, I can handle myself,” John calls with a wink that makes the DI snort and shake his head.
Sherlock makes a contemplative sound in his throat. He is vaguely aware that John is looking at him, puzzled, but he continues to look straight ahead as his mind works through those words that seem to echo John's fragmented speech in his bedroom on the night Sherlock was drugged by Irene.
fall in love. Especially not with his ordinary, tea-making, jumper-wearing flatmate. He fecking hates John for this.
“Not directly, no. But you forget, sweetie, I am the only one who really knows how you are... I’ve seen your scars.” Sherlock sucks in a breath, a pang of shame shooting through his chest. She hadn’t nearly seen all of them, but her eyes now have an echo of the same sadness in them that she’d had when she’d first walked in on him dressing and seen the crisscross of scars on his back from his time in Serbia. “I was there when he was gone. I saw you torturing yourself, killing yourself slowly with drugs over him marrying her.”
Sherlock feels as if he is plummeting down a long dark hole again. The sensation of fear that swept over him as he stood waiting for John to emerge returns with renewed intensity making his thoughts scatter like
Though he couldn't get out on a mission this time, he'd thought himself safe in post-op, since the camp limits visitor access there. Obviously, this one got away from his minder to ogle at the wounded, like some gawker at a morbid, freakshow.
These hands are hot, like the rest of John is. They aren’t cautious or doctorly assessing, they are gripping firmly, with comfortable intimacy. Sherlock shivers.
He glares accusingly at his reflection in the mirror on his wardrobe. He looks every bit as wanton and needy as he feared; eyes wild, pink flush crawling from cheekbones all the way down his neck to his chest, hair mussed and curled with the dampness of his heated body. The thin silk of his robe does nothing to hide the obscene shape jutting from his groin. It is ridiculous, absurd, laughable how far he has fallen;
My gaze focuses on Sherlock’s chair and, like the perfect thread pulled, suddenly the whole tangled skein unravels in my mind. It is as clear as day what happened in this case.
His purpose and his very identity at one time had been completely wrapped up in being an army surgeon. That had all been taken from him in
“Bed, John?” Sherlock turns, pinning John with his piercing cool, blue eyes. John freezes halfway across the room and turns his head to regard him, trying to keep his body discreetly angled away.
Sherlock throws an elbow that makes contact with John’s bad shoulder. He didn't really mean to do that but he'd be a fool not to take advantage. He twists free and flips over only to find his mouth millimeters from John's bare ribs as the soldier reels in pain. He wants to lick and taste but John is already recovering; curling in, calf wrapping around Sherlock's waist to reform a hold on him, so he bites instead. John yelps and his whole body jerks, nearly catapulting Sherlock off the bed with his strong legs.
“Right.” I deflate a bit, turning my gaze back to the window. That is as good as a door slammed in my face. He has effectively said he has no intention of revealing anything personal to me.
and, given that he is currently married and maintaining the pretense of being heterosexual, pointing out such affair in the presence of the doctor's team and in a voice that may be overheard was not...
His brain explodes into a cacophony of noise and sensation. Irrepressible anger surges out and possesses his body fully.
It only takes a moment for the heat from John to start penetrating his sheet barrier. He is trying very hard to ignore it, and John in general, however, he is hyperaware of John's breathing; the in-out rush like the ocean crashing against the shore. It is eroding his own defenses.
isn't you... Get away from Victor. If you need help, I'm here. When you are better... I could use the help of Sherlock Holmes on a few cases.” Sherlock squints at her, swaying slightly, letting her words sink in.
“Listen you pompous prick-” John lunges forward, knocking the breath out of Sherlock with his solid weight. Sherlock is captured in a chokehold from behind, his whole body wrapped with a fiercely determined ex-soldier, weighing him down to the mattress. Sherlock continues writhing, thrashing and pulling at the bed to try to haul himself up.
When I started making tea and a small fry up, Mycroft rose to his feet and announced, with a certain edge of menace, that he expected Sherlock to take a look at the case. He tried to hand a folder to Sherlock. When it was ignored, he noted, in an eerily cold voice, that the Jaria Diamond was very valuable to very important people and it was vital that it be recovered. He then placed the folder on the table of the sitting room, said a curt goodbye to me, and left.
"You have questions." Sherlock says quieter and with deliberate calmness. He waves a hand through the air with forced casualness to indicate John should proceed. He continues to look straight ahead.
Sherlock lifts his chin, looking up and around at our extravagant surroundings in that completely absorbed way he has of observing everything; somewhere between a scientist picking apart all the variables and a predator planning the best means of attack.
Her soft laughter only makes him tense further. His eyes cut over to her and he finds that she's slipped out of her shoes and has curled her legs up on the seat beside her. She smooths the delicate hem of her dress over her bare thigh, leans back, and looks up at him thoughtfully, with a finger tapping at her lips.
“That door didn’t open last night,” Sherlock states, staring at the screen. I can't help but notice that he's positioned himself beside Sebastian.
Sherlock’s fingers fly across the keyboard of the laptop as he begins researching, cataloging and ranking questions to form his list of 11. He practically vibrates with excitement.
It's bashing in doors and fighting in people's houses; children's toys and bullet casings crunching under his boots.
right now." There's a sharper, somewhat dangerous edge to her smile now. "I thought it was time we got acquainted."
“It is?” Sherlock's freezes, tipping his head to the side, his narrowed eyes sliding up to John’s face and searching it.
"Right. We're done." I stand up so abruptly, that she has to jerk back into her seat to keep from getting hit. I'm quivering with rage - or maybe just shaking from the inside out, like a stopped up weapon about to explode. I march around the chair towards the door, and then stop, turning back to glare and point a finger at her.
Sherlock tunes out as Lestrade gives John his speech about expectations; keeping information confidential, respecting the process, avoiding press, and following the lead of the investigation team on the case. Sherlock has heard it all several times before (and has learned that most of it doesn't apply to him). Instead, he lets his mind wander back to the conversations with John, trying to process all the confusing interactions; the nonsensical questions, the dinner thing, John's reaction to Donovan's insult, and the bit about John being willing to go to jail for him.
It is late afternoon when he stands on the steps of 221 Baker Street. His world has come full circle. Yesterday seems like an eternity ago. Nothing has really changed, yet everything has.
“Right.... Mmm... Lips,” John says as if reminding himself. He leans back and smiles down at Sherlock. He is sliding his body more firmly onto Sherlock and Sherlock isn't sure how to feel about that. On one hand, the pressure and heat and closeness of John is exquisite. On the other, he is not sure where this is going and if he'll have the willpower to stop it if John wants everything.
His senses were well acquainted with the different elements of the figure curled against him. The sometimes intimate nature of being flatmate, sidekick and doctor to Sherlock meant he knew his scent, the feeling of his skin, the sound of his breathing, but his mind reeled, trying to comprehend how these familiar things had taken a new peculiar form. The scent that was so familiar was now heady and intoxicating. The rumbling voice, now deeper and breathier, was caught in something between a moan and a growl.
“Sherlock!” John’s voice cracks through the air, sharp and frayed at the ends, and Sherlock’s eyes snap to him instantly. It has been some time since Sherlock has seen him
“Ok,” John says slowly as he tips his chin down, his eyes clouding with confusion and uncertainty. His hands come up, palms out, in a placating gesture. He sits silent and thoughtful for a moment trying to figure out what exactly he'd missed. “I’ll think about it - what you can do, Sherlock,” he says slowly.
Sherlock looks down and runs his thumb over the power button of his phone repeatedly wishing that he could somehow reboot his brain so it could function properly.
“Having fun?” His voice is flat and dispassionate but there is the faintest glimmer of amusement in his eyes.
Then Sherlock shared his own full name on the tarmac right before he left in exile. John learned later that Sherlock believed he would never return and so had guaranteed his own death with a cocktail of drugs. It was with this knowledge of the finality of that goodbye that Sherlock had given John his own full name. It was Sherlock's
“Mmmm… John.” His voice sounds foreign to his own ears, so raw and deep with desire that it rumbles in his chest. John's breath is coming faster.
John turns towards Lestrade, who has his hands on his hips with an expression that is a mix of incredulous disbelief and irritation. He obviously isn't happy that Sherlock might not come.
"Joh-huh-n." It's hardly a word when pushed through chattering teeth. It's all he gets to say because John seems to have slipped into doctor mode. He is moving so briskly, efficiently, and with such determination that it brooks all arguments. Even if Sherlock had the wherewithal to muster an objection he couldn't get it out in time. His trousers are unbuttoned and in a soggy pool at his feet before he can even begin to formulate a protest.
They’ve made it down the last flight of stairs now. Tired, John rests his limp friend against the wall, pinning him upright with a firm hand on his chest and leans forward, breathing heavily from the effort.
"Can I-" John tries to move with him and offer some support, but Sherlock seems determined to do it on his own.
on it and underline it. When she looks up and catches me reading her notes upside down, she clears her throat and tilts the pad up out of sight, leveling a reprimanding look at me.
think about lips on a long neck, hands cupping firm flesh hidden beneath perfectly tailored trousers and how little pressure a finger would have to exert on one of those buttons straining across an exquisitely muscled chest before said button surrenders its efforts at restraint. But John was managing. He
“Say it,” John's voice is darkening. Hid hands are gripping Sherlock's cheeks again. He dips his thumb down into Sherlock's crease and circles, slowly, methodically unraveling Sherlock's brain
John pauses but Sherlock embraces the opportunity to at last twist free of the coat. When he turns to glare, it’s completely wasted on John’s back. John is already turned and he is walking away to hang the coat on the back of the door.
The figure watches as the waning lifeforce of the wounded boy reignites; a snuffed fire given oxygen once more. It feels the shift in the threads of the tapestry of existence as the soldier continues on, woven back into a pattern he was meant to be snipped from. The pull of this young soldier's new path on the lives of others is like an engine suddenly running out of tune.
He strides to the chair and picks up his discarded suit jacket. He holds it to his nose and breathes deeply.
"About bloody time. Don't you ever-" He freezes with a look of stunned confusion taking over his face as he blinks at John. "Oh! Uh…?"
The ex-soldier does not bother to squirm. He puffs out his chest a little and makes a show of tensing the muscles in his arms that are holding Sherlock's shoulders. “You've lost the element of surprise now. You'll want to remember that the last time we had a row in an alley, I had you flat out and all but begging for mercy.”
The screen cuts to him in an intimate little pub. Behind him stand two smiling men leaning on the counter.
In all their time together Sherlock hadn’t appeared to have any romantic partners and while he sometimes appeared to be flirting with either men or women, it was
Sherlock swallows roughly and forces himself to look John in the eyes. “I think it is time to stop dancing around the subject, John. We both know I am not capable of something like
"You're wrong," I force out, at last. "You don't know what the hell you're talking about." My voice is so smooth and hard it could be steel. She doesn't know. She doesn't know anything; about me, about my experiences in the war, about Sherlock and what I do(n't) feel for him.
Anger sweeps through him in a wave. He wants to cry, or scream, or shove John Watson against a wall and punch him…
Once he had deduced that John was preparing for a date, completely on impulse, he had stripped down, dug out the dark purple bed sheet from his wardrobe (a colour he knew complimented his skin tone) and wrapped himself in it. He marched out to the sitting room and planted himself dead center.
of restraint that he can't promise, but then he feels the anxiety in Sherlock's breathing and the thunder of his stuttering heart, as if he might just shake himself apart in John's embrace. The army calm slips over him. Sherlock needs him to do this and he will always do what Sherlock needs of him, no matter how difficult.
A flirt is a suggestion or a promise of something more. When done with a stranger, there is no real risk in it. If they seem interested and Sherlock effectively uses that interest to get what he needs from them, he then has no trouble walking away. He feels no guilt for his false intentions. However, John is clearly interested in something more with him and once he reciprocates with blatant flirting then the expectation will be that he has accepted whatever proposal John made. There will only be going through with it or revealing the flirting as a ruse just to keep John from dating. Either path will have significant consequences.
It's clear to see why she has earned the name. Draped with elaborately embroidered garments that are studded with stones that catch and reflect the light, her oval face is the colour of warm honey, lush black lashes frame brown eyes, and her hair is long, glossy, and black, laying like thick satin over each shoulder. Her back is straight, her chin is lifted high and she holds herself with a kind of dignity and beauty that makes her seem both hard and pure.
He had resigned himself to yet another way in which he was dysfunctional, but now… now there is John. John, who made him flustered from the minute that solid body had crashed against him. John, who'd kissed him and touched him and stoked Sherlock's fragile flame of desire until it was an inferno. John who had made him feel things he couldn't begin to comprehend previously.
When I get to Van Coon's flat, I find the door is standing ajar. I am immediately on high alert. As I slip inside, I pull out my gun and sweep through the area slowly, following the signs of forced entry. In the back of my mind there's a creeping dread that Sherlock has (once again) leapt full-hardy into a situation he's ill-prepared to handle and this time there might not be enough delay in action for me to intervene.
“I could have hurt you, Sherlock... Last night... It’s a miracle I didn’t.” John’s voice is somber and intense. Sherlock knows that tone. It’s the tone John uses when he has run off into danger and nearly gotten himself killed. It is full of that confusing protectiveness that Sherlock tries hard to resist the urge to believe is anything more than a soldier’s commitment to his comrade. Now it has an extra note of desolation because John was the one who nearly hurt Sherlock. Sherlock hates that. He swallows, stiffen his spine and tries to affect haughtiness when he is face down on the mattress with John holding him open and gazing at his most intimate parts.
John squishes his eyes closed and rubs at his temples where there is a low throb. The rhythmic beeping of medical monitors grates on his nerves and the sharp scent of antiseptic and bleach makes his stomach clench. His brain feels slightly fuzzy, like it's wrapped in cotton.
plan to try to build a strong relationship from the ground up. Every attempt to repair things has only made it worse and John will just have to find his peace with knowing that, for one brief, shining moment he had the chance to be a part of something spectacular. Now that moment and that chance has slipped away.
“You’ve shagged someone,” Irene proclaims after only three and a half minutes of close proximity to Sherlock. The woman is like a hound when it comes to picking out the scent of anything sexual. Sherlock had held no hope that he could avoid this once he'd spotted her sauntering towards him across the courtyard.
Nobody moves to stop him as he storms out of the operating theatre, shedding his blood-smeared smock and gloves into the bio-hazard bin as he goes.
Maybe I sound desperate or perhaps, when a diagnosed PTSD patient calls after skipping two appointments, you assume that it's
and I should fire you," I say, clinging to Mycroft's comments from our first meeting about how she'd misdiagnosed the cause of my tremor and leg. "Got one thing right, didn't he?"  I growl.
he hears John mutter to himself. Sherlock is vaguely aware that he is watching him warily but he's too caught up in finding the perfect keys to unlock the puzzle of John Watson to be concerned with it. John shakes out his paper and clears his throat; the soft sigh and dubious expression on his face making it clear that he suspects he is going to regret this.
With one quick jerk John is hauled into a dark alley and pinned against the dirty brick wall. Sherlock is looming over him, that incendiary look in his eyes, a knee between John's legs and long, slender fingers clutching his jacket at the collar.
He firmly re-boxed his own misgivings and tucked them away. The doctor side of John couldn’t deny his companion some reprieve from the constant, unfiltered onslaught of sensory feedback. After what he just went through with the panic attack, that would be downright
"Joooohhhhnnnn." It is a desperate plea for mercy. Sherlock's hands come up to fist in John's t-shirt to steady himself. He sways a little and his head bows forward. Somehow it's not much better for John to know that it's pleasure, not pain, breaking Sherlock apart like this because John can see that it's just as distressing to him.
From the first glance in the basement of Bart’s, Sherlock had seen John completely. He'd seen what kind of man he was; brave, genuine and exceedingly rare. He often likes to humour himself into believing he'd saved that ex-soldier who was clearly depressed and struggling with a psychosomatic limp, but the truth is that it had been selfishness, plain and simple, that made him drawl John into his world. He had needed
“Sorry.” John stops and parts Sherlock’s hair over the contusion so he can get a better look. “Got to make sure there aren’t any lacerations.”
Emotions fluctuate across John's features. For several moments he appears to wage an internal debate about what those words mean and how he should react to the potential interpretations of that statement. Sherlock watches this with his anxiety beaten back by a surge of frustration.
“Oh,” John says, his eyes darting away and an expression of embarrassment flickering over his face. “I just didn’t think…” He trails off and sucks in a breath through his teeth. He stares down at the floor as he rubs at the back of his neck. His face is flushing red. After a moment, his eyes skitter back to Sherlock and his expression instantly changes. Sherlock can't be sure what he sees as he runs his eyes over him, but he knows that he is teetering between panic and anger and some of that must be showing through his expression.
“Distinctive pattern. That, along with your physical physique, which I felt when you tackled me, can mean only
John crosses the room, wraps his arms around Sherlock's lean chest and hauls him to his feet. Sherlock provides little help at all, his stiff legs making him flop over John at an angle. He rests his head in the crook of John's neck and inhales deeply.
, Mycroft,” Sherlock snaps refusing to face Mycroft, glaring at the book instead, lest an expression reveal too much. It is apparent, from their many previous discussions, that Mycroft looks down upon humanity as inferior; often sighing over their illogical and emotional behaviour as if they are unruly (and often unreasonable) children to be minded with no small amount of annoyance. He simply does not see them as Sherlock does; the beautiful strength and intriguing sense of playfulness and curiosity - their fascinating capacity to love and sacrifice. Sherlock takes a deep breath and continues on in a more neutral tone. “
isn't her real name. I shove my hands in my jacket pocket wishing for a weapon as my gaze moves past her and discreetly sweeps over the street, checking for Mycroft's henchmen who might be waiting to enforce my capture. There are none in sight. This shouldn't surprise me, given their lack of enforcers for my previous abduction, but it does irk me a bit. Apparently, they
bed, Sherlock.” John’s voice is fluctuating wildly between a menacing growl and a roaring shout. “You climbed into
However, one could only assume that any healthy young male would have some sort of involuntary reaction to an attractive woman offering herself so blatantly. She had certainly expected as much. That he hadn't been the least bit responsive to Irene seemed to be fairly conclusive evidence that there was something fundamentally wrong with
” Sherlock asks, pausing to look up at Lestrade from the first landing. He feels a twinge of betrayal at the thought that she had conspired against him.
Odd sensations are now crawling across his skin and he rubs his hands over his arms vigorously, willing the prickling, electric feeling to go away. His brow furrows as he looks over himself in the mirror and his eyes fall on his pants; their expensive, heavy, silk fabric now straining with a prominent bulge.
He rolls his eyes and huffs a sigh full of annoyance that makes him look more like a petulant teenager than the dangerous MI6 agent that I know him to be. However, that switch flips on a dime when he steps closer, locking his gaze on me with eyes that are suddenly as sharp and piercingly intense as a heated iron.
"Do you need me to-" John is there behind him with his hands already curled into the coat, lifting it up and backwards off Sherlock’s shoulders.
I'm hesitant to tell her that my work involves trailing after a madman to solve (and occasionally commit) crimes. I somehow doubt she'd approve.
“Isn't this familiar,” John chuckles ruefully. He pulls Sherlock’s arm over his shoulder and wraps his arm behind Sherlock's back, grabbing him by the far hip and navigating him out of the bathroom and into the hall.
One report details the controversial political views and policies of each of the family members. It enumerates their most vocal opponents, ranking them into a list of the most likely suspects for the abduction.
“Yes, I believe we have an understanding,” he says at last. He leans forward to rap lightly on the window dividing us from the driver. The car slips out of traffic and pulls over to the curb. At the sound of the door's lock disengaging, I reach for the handle.
John pauses with his hands on the untied belt. His face darkens and his mouth pulls down sharply at the corners, before settling it into a flat line, like a flinch. “Oh, right...
“Means?” Sherlock repeats sharply, because this really is too much to bear. John can’t turn back now. “I explained this…
John looks confused a moment. “Well, you were pretty knackered... Weren't making much sense.” His eyes dart away for a moment and Sherlock thinks he sees apprehension and something
This, hearing Sherlock call his name, happens sometimes; usually in those moments when he begins to let his guard down. It’s only an illusion; a magic trick. Just a sensory memory stuck on a random loop. A pathetic lapse into self-deception born of too much longing and grief.
John tries to relax, bowing his head slightly and hoping the discomfort he must be clearly showing appears to be because of pain rather than his efforts at self-control. He breathes roughly through the agonizing, nauseating pain, gritting his teeth and inhaling the sharp scent of antiseptic as Sherlock cleans his wound. His mind wanders to the time Sherlock pulled him down onto the couch and the sensation of sinking into that warmth. They just seemed to fit together like corresponding puzzle pieces and John had never felt so at peace. He tries to shut out the pain and focus on that.
He still feels frustratingly far from any resolution to the problem there. He glances down at the large, framed poster of the periodic table that previously covered the melange of evidence in Sherlock’s longest running case. It lies askew on the floor, the frame broken and the glass shattered. There is a hole in the plaster where the screw it hung upon tore away under its weight. The noise of the frame crashing to the floor is undoubtedly what brought John into his room.
As I consider the job posting section of the paper, I feel eyes on me and glance up to find Mrs. Hudson standing in the doorway of our kitchen, staring at me.
wall, John,” Sherlock exclaims, his voice still slurring. He straightens and smiles the largest, goofy smile John has ever seen. John laughs.
"It wasn't a bad childhood," Sherlock feels compelled to say as he carefully rolls towards him and shifts the covers higher. "They were the best minders money could buy. I spoke three languages fluently by age five and was a concert level violinist by age seven. I'm years ahead of my peers in my studies. In fact, all this, being here at University, it's just a formality, really. I know more about each of the subjects than the idiotic professors. I remain because it's something to do - gives me use of the labs and equipment."
John is equally stunned and confused. This certainly isn't who he'd expected to find knocking on Sherlock's door on a Thursday evening.
Sherlock managed to do more for me in one evening than she'd done in five months; he'd cured my limp and tremor, he'd brought me back to life, and he'd given me new purpose. There didn't seem to be a reason to return to therapy after
They'd been knocked out and awoke while being buried in a coffin-like wooden box. They came back to consciousness almost at the same time, pressed tightly together in the dark with no real room to move; Sherlock lying facing down on his stomach, arms pinned at his sides, and John on top of him with his groin pressed to Sherlock's arse, unable to move away. It took everything in Sherlock not to push back against John who never stopped struggling; growing more aroused and desperate by the moment.
That, as much as anything, had compelled him to ask about Sherlock’s relationship status that first night. He had hoped the man was engaged in a serious relationship. Then he had moved on to hoping he was playing for the other team because at least that didn’t put them in direct competition.
John was aware that he had never corrected such oversteps before and so it would not make much logical sense to the detective for him to do so now. They both knew John was already caretaker to an unnatural number of the other basic needs of Sherlock's ‘transport’. He tended this man’s wounds, hauled his drugged arse home to put him to bed and regularly was the only thing ensuring he ate, slept and drank enough to sustain himself. Covering his companion for fifteen minutes to help the consulting detective have a short reprieve from his gigantic brain wasn’t a big leap.
"More likely to break than fracture. Breaks are serious. That's a sharp edge of bone that can damage major blood vessels, or puncture your lungs or major organs."
again, John moved to hover over him but still hesitated. Sherlock was more likely to deny himself even basic needs than to outright ask for help, but John couldn't help but note that his flatmate didn't seem as if he was particularly agitated or emotionally overwhelmed and in need of something to block his sensory input urgently enough to recruit John to the cause.
Sherlock feels like he is floating now; not quite attached to the body that lies pressed under John. He knows it is safe though. John will protect it.
"Semantic satiation. It loses all meaning. Empty utterances. A neural sedative, killing the receptors ability to derive meaning through inundation. It signifies nothing," Sherlock's tone has gone bitter, his words are edged with the pain from his struggle to get to his feet.
John just can’t imagine a scenario where Sherlock would come up to his room, crawl into his bed and, with as easily as it all had gone, been fully prepared and intent on having the hottest sleepy sex he’d ever experienced.
voice is a slightly sharper voice, sometimes overlapping. There is no reason for his mind to be adding a stranger's voice to those auditory echoes from the past. John pulls away from Miranda and starts towards the sound.
good. It is the most you can give and as close as you can get to another person... I know you usually call me a
There's a surge of something warm in John's chest and it makes his thoughts feel fuzzy on the edges. Somehow, that simple gesture and the accompanying look, make him feel…
I turn away and busy myself with straightening the bed to military precision. It doesn't soothe me, like familiar routines usually do, yet I can't think of anything better to do with myself. This whole odd encounter is making me feel irritable and off-step.
Sherlock considers waiting it out; waiting until she is so bored that she gets frustrated, and then cross. Once upon a time that is exactly what he would have done; get her off balance then swoop in and hit her hard and fast verbally until she retreated. He'd coldly use that emotionality against her
" My voice has a tense edge of sarcasm to it. I quietly fume, glaring at his back. He doesn't seem to take the hint. "
Then John is standing with his back against the wall of a nondescript street - hand out as if it is clasped to an invisible person beside him. He closes his eyes and leans his head back.
"Right. VanCoon," Sebastian says finishing up, tucking himself away, and moving to the sink to wash his hands. He glances at Sherlock out of the corner of his eyes, his face fixed once again in that slimy smug smirk. Sherlock's chin is tipped down and he's wound so tight that he's practically vibrating. Perhaps this sort of power play
but the way John looks up at Sherlock from under his brow now, running his eyes over Sherlock's tailored trousers and fine silk shirt with an expression that has turned harder and more closed off, says he thinks that Sherlock means it in a
he added forcing himself to feel the body beneath him as alive and, for the moment, safe within his protection. The warmth creeping into his skin chased the cold fear away and his shivers dissipated.
I start to nod, then freeze and look up with her with wide eyes, confused and hoping she's not suggesting what I fear she is "Wait,
Sherlock's perspective on the day after Irene drugged him as he tries to deduce what happened between him and John that afternoon. However, his data is all corrupted and this skews his understanding.
He scrubs himself pink in the shower; extricating the lingering remnants of John clinging to his skin. He covers himself over with familiar scents; his expensive shampoo and soaps, a light cologne, and his hair product.
They have had many a heated discussion on the topic and Sherlock considers that it would make a fine distraction if Mycroft would engage in such verbal sparring now. However, Mycroft tips his chin back down to his chest and plasters on a forbearing smile.
that was not compromised by mind altering substances at the time of the encounter. So, it can be argued that, if anyone
As I wait in the que at the front desk, I glance around. It's not fancy, but it's clean and orderly. They're busy and they set an efficient pace. The receptionist seems overworked but still smiles kindly in greeting.
It's being attacked on the street by grief-stricken women, enraged by the cruelty of the war that has claimed their husband's, their sons, their country.
“Thank you, Angelo,” Sherlock says, eagerly unfolding his serviette as he glances up at Angelo and smiles genuinely. Angelo freezes and blinks, then smiles broadly, stroking his hands over his apron as if he is unsure what to do with them. His voice drops to something gentler, for their ears only. “You know you can always come to me, Sherlock. Anything you need. I -”
On a single sheet of paper in the back of the file is the most important information. The first half of the page details the circumstances under which she disappeared. She was out on a shopping trip with her trusted bodyguard, a man who had been charged with protecting her since her birth, when men in full battle dress attacked. There had been a fight, which many had witnessed. The men had ultimately overwhelmed the guard and spirited Kali away into a waiting van. The van was found, empty and abandoned, two hours later. There has been no ransom note or call.
"This is what you want, John." His voice is strangely monotone, resonating on some subatomic level that makes me feel a bit drunk and I try to blink it off - to focus.
John answers this by angling his head and the soft press of lips slides into something more insistent with a swift gradation of intensity that makes Sherlock cling to John as the only solid thing in a swirling, fluctuating world. His fingers wrap around the John’s biceps, digging into flesh and muscle.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice falters and the name almost sounds like a plea. “You could have-” There's a desperation in him that John has never seen before; a sort of manic need. His hands are clutched on either side of John's open shirt, worrying the fabric as he just stares at all that blood.
John is an excellent dancer. Sherlock knows this. He knows it with the certainty that he knows that his flatmate prefers to sleep on the left side of the bed, curled around a pillow, and that he always washes himself from right to left in the shower; saving his wounded shoulder for last. It is not that he has ever
Sherlock is only vaguely aware that the door is being held from swinging shut. Then there’s a foot (that is not his own) nudging aside the pile of books that caught the bag's wheel just inside the door when Sherlock is about to yank the whole thing over.
plain and simple. He looks up at Irene with eyes hard and certain. “He ditched me - first chance he got, he was gone.”
When Wilkes finally leaves space for Sherlock to speak, I hold my breath, ready for all hell to break loose when Sherlock puts him in his place. With any luck it will come to blows and I’ll quench my itch for a good fight with a fist in this man's smug face.
I jog up the stairs, step through the sitting room door and quickly glance around, seeking to identify the threat. There are subtle signs of a struggle; furniture shifted a bit, scuff marks on the floor boards I had put a lot of effort into cleaning, and a gouge of wood missing from the door frame (that I'm certain wasn't there before) all point to a rather violent row having occurred in my absence.
John." It's the way she says my name and the frosty non-smile crossing her lips that finally clicks her into place in my memory.
Sherlock bites the corner of his lip and turns his head to the side. His eyes cut briefly to John standing behind him, and John knows exactly what he's planning. Most of what's going on here is over John's head but it seems that this Lestrade fellow is asking Sherlock to go running off to help him with something and John can tell that Sherlock is going to do it. He's going to use this opportunity to escape and John can't let that happen... for several reasons.
everyone else. In keeping with his utterly incomprehensible and astounding character, Sherlock feels
had shared. He tried not to think about her; about what she had really turned out to be and about how they had made the only choice they could make when they shot her before she could kill them both.
” John’s voice is firm, low and dangerous in how tightly controlled it is. His lips have pressed into a smile that isn't a smile. If anything it is a
“Been wantin’ to do that one for a while, haven't ya?” A dark smile pulled up one corner of John's mouth as he glared at Mycroft. They both knew that it was the only choice Mycroft could make and the one John
I stare at him a moment, weighing the meaning in that one word. What does he know? If he does have some grasp of everything that has happened between Sherlock and I, what exactly does he plan to do about that? I purse my lips and nod, casually glancing at the door. Likely locked and this time I’m without my cane to break the window. The driver has managed a path out of the gridlock of the main streets and now an unfamiliar slice of London is whizzing by.
Stinging of pavement beneath hands and knees as the length of John’s body lands against back. His arm slipping into a choke hold around neck.
There are still unwelcome scenarios that could have unfolded while he was under the influence. Additionally, there are many potential clues that could be overlooked unless he attempts a recovery of his memory. With a sigh, Sherlock resigns himself to the conclusion that it is still imperative to reconstruct what occurred whilst drugged.
"Er.. Yeah…" John squints up at him. He glances over his shoulder at the door then at Sherlock, shifting uneasily. "Yeah, I've been here."
However, in that moment when he pulled the trigger and Sherlock’s facade shattered before his eyes, John saw the truth. What Sherlock felt for him was deeper and richer than John ever imagined and powerful beyond any hope for Sherlock to contain nor control it. It was real and
“You and me both,” John retorts with an expression that manages to settle into something equal parts amusement and embarrassment. His cheeks are slightly flushed, making his blue eyes seem darker. He clears his throat and returns his attention to pushing the bacon around in the skillet. “It’ll be a few minutes.”
He forces his shoulders to relax and allows the tight, military edge to drop from his walk. As he sinks down into a more limber, sauntering stride he tries to remember who he used to be; the outgoing, confident and personable man that women appreciated.
going to be a problem.” Sherlock forces on a facade of calm. “Everything will proceed as anticipated.”
a shower.” John looks down at himself and is grateful that what he feels happening below the waist isn't apparent. “I
“You had a row with a machine?” He lowers the book, at last giving me his full attention. His lips turn up at the corners, like he is trying to hold in the faintest amusement. It is so slight, yet as close to a smile as I've seen since that first night. I can almost believe it is genuine.
For a long time the room is quiet. There's only my breathing, rough like I've just taken a beating. I work to swallow down the burning heat flooding my system. I'm determined to speak calmly and clearly when I respond - giving nothing.
"Ta, for that." I gesture at him to take in his entire form as I turn away. "You obviously were out all night."
Sherlock's eyes sharpen, narrowing into slits and cutting into me for a few beats. I am suddenly aware that the things we've been discussing might be uncommon knowledge. That my answers reveal that there's
Sherlock feels it building inside him. Wave after wave of fear crashes over him and his face becomes tingly, like pins and needles are being shoved in it all over. He gasps and tries to cry out to John above him but the weight of him is so heavy and motionless that he is certain that he is, in fact,
Then he remembers that he'd been wound so tight in anticipation of confronting John that he'd failed to achieve enough focus to physically prepare himself for intercourse.
Even from the couch Sherlock can smell the appealing mix of soap, aftershave and the earth and minty scent that is uniquely John. There is a strange, achy sensation in the center of his chest and he rubs at it absently as he leans forward to type on the laptop. He purposely allows the sheet to fall open so that the long, white column of his neck and a small v of his chest is exposed, highlighted by the nest of deep purple it resides in. He is aware that John spends a disproportionate amount of time gazing at his neck. This
There are two dark figures, little more than silhouettes in the dimness of the alley, but John recognizes them instantly as Sherlock and Victor. Sherlock is swaying slightly, hands clasped behind his back and his chin tipped down, Victor is leaning forward into Sherlock's space, his whole body taut and his hands balled into slightly raised fists.
"Precisely." Sherlock shoves his mobile into his pocket as if he's proven his point and the case is closed. "
“Good-” She blinks, face losing all pretense of pleasantness. “Of course,” she says as she briskly switches gears in a way that tells me she's dealt with her fair share of boorish and demanding patrons. She picks up the phone.
John’s dark blue eyes, warm and reverential in the cold warehouse. Strong arms open, reaching out, welcoming.
Sherlock’s eyes meet John’s, and there is an intensity and heat in them. “Just a shirt, John,” he says slowly.
is, it needs to be out of there by Friday,” he commands. “We are having guests next week and I am not going to be responsible for giving our friends the
It had been so easy in the past to turn away any others who might get anything in their funny little brain's about the possibility of something intimate. It had always seemed a kindness to all involved to be blunt. So, he was prepared and practised a curt rejection that was sure to squash any false hopes anyone else may have about their prospects. Then, John had asked him if he had a boyfriend and gave him those slow blinks and a gentle smile as he told him that it was 'all fine' and Sherlock could almost believe him - could almost...
“I don’t want to sit.” Sherlock pivots towards the bookcase, making the appearance of casually examining the titles of the books displayed there. Sherlock's finger runs along the shelf, bumping against the books like tracing the vertebrates of a spine, awakening the fine layer of dust to flutter into the air and dance among the musty beams of sunlight. A deep affection for books rekindles with that touch, the familiar sight and smell. Sherlock adores the stillness and intimacy of them, like being invited to peek at a snapshot of the author's inner workings.
Eyes made sharp as knives slip down John's body, clinging contemptuously to every unobtainable contour. John’s arousal is a physical presence in the room making the air thicker and setting all of Sherlock's nerves ablaze with the memory and the need. It is insult to injury for John to taunt him with blatant evidence of arousal while making moves to take himself up to his room. After the day, empty of words and full of heated stares, it is insufferable.
but she must possess leverage to exploit you." In one swift movement Sherlock stands, turns and jabs a finger at John's laptop on his bedside table. The screensaver turns off and the computer whirs back to life.
Instead, Sherlock fixes Wilkes with a hollow stare and simply  gazes back at him for a long moment. Then he flatly lies by saying that he was chatting with Wilkes’ secretary and she'd told him about the travel.
“Sherlock." The brief flicker of relief is gone when Lestrade's eyes shift to John and a wave of irritation and exasperation sweeps through his expression like a dark shadow. "What’s
is implied in Mycroft's tone; Sherlock being the most obvious constant variable. The undertone of threat in that is an implication that culpability (and consequences) falls to Captain Watson should Sherlock persist in subverting the natural progress of things. There is a sharp blade of fear in Sherlock's chest, a disconcerting and unfamiliar sensation.
“Friend?” Wilkes’ eyes widen slightly and he stares at me with an expression mixed between doubtfulness and undisguised curiosity.
"Listen," I snap, cutting her off before she, like Sherlock, can fabricate all the evidence she needs about all my feelings as if I have somehow been broadcasting them. "I really didn't come to talk about
"Yes, of course,” she says with a little laugh, taking the duster and twirling it with the wistfulness of a young woman twirling her dress. She seems unruffled by my hardening mood, continuing on as if we are just having a pleasant chat.
He’d never seen Sherlock so afraid. All the terrible and demented criminal lowlifes and murders they had faced and the life threatening situations they had endured and any flicker of fear in Sherlock’s eyes had been a mere drop in the bucket to the torrential outpouring of terror currently playing out across his friend’s face and body.
Sherlock pulls his eyes from John to the other person with him. A woman, with short blonde hair in a trendy cut has planted herself in John's path and is red faced with shouting at him. She is smaller than him but is obviously dominating the interaction. She is talking animatedly, pointing at him, and hardly letting him speak. For all her hot anger she seems cold - determined.
It’s possible that he refused the case just to thumb his nose at his brother or that he even did it as part of some strategy that I can’t fathom yet (being that I’m largely in the dark about what any of his objectives are), but it’s possible -
"Her case.” Sherlock steps over and grabs the handle of the garishly pink suitcase again. “The murder victim's. I've a murder to solve. That's what I'm doing, John." He drags it towards his bed, relieved to focus on the murder case again. He can delay that physical crash he feels coming if he absorbs himself in solving the case.
is a wet, woolen blanket wrapping itself around his lungs. But he is oscillating; moving nearly at the speed of a light. Pacing in circles so rapidly that he is outside the flow of time, watching seconds stretch out to
Bit kinky.” John is pressing fingers to his own lips again to hold in the giggles that are trying to escape.
He takes the same back door entry into the Battersea warehouse that he had used that afternoon he saw a woman that was not Anthea usher John unwittingly into a long black car that was not Mycroft’s. He’d arrived before John, since not-Anthea took John the long way round to the meeting place where Irene then emerged.
A grin breaks across John’s face. He turns and dashes up the stairs to his room, taking them two at a time, shucking off his clothes as he goes.
to blackmail Sherlock into cooperation on his case had brought him face-to-face with an expression he never wanted to see again; John Watson’s trust, faith and admiration diminishing ever so slightly. It had been enough;
rugby.” He snaps his mouth shut and stares at John with wide eyes. He's not sure how these things are supposed to go but he is fairly certain that it doesn't include
“Watson?” Sherlock repeats dumbly, grateful for a steady voice. The room is suddenly too hot and the walls are closing in.
Sherlock’s brain is so scattered, torn between sensations, it takes a full minute to realize the meaning of John's words.
“I’m fine, John,” Sherlock asserts. “Do you honestly think I would let you do anything to me I didn’t want you to? I am hardly-
John clears his throat and puts on a calm, even tone. “Well, Lestrade thinks you're plotting my murder.”
high pitched giggle, like nails across a chalkboard, as he moved them around like unwilling pawns in his dark and deadly chess game.
It's no small feat, however, four days later Sherlock has managed to effectively distract himself completely from John Watson. He has cloistered himself away in his dorm room and become happily engrossed in experimenting on the proffered liver that Molly provided him in exchange for tutoring her in organic chemistry.
John shuts his gaping mouth, then remembers to shut the door as well. He puts his hands on his hips and squares himself to the dark whirlwind.
I consider my words for a moment. It's a fine line to walk between giving her enough information to potentially help me put the nightmares behind me while not providing any ammunition to eavesdropping enemies.
make you more qualified to determine treatment than the doctors,” John says quietly, smirking as Sherlock’s startled eyes rise to meet his. “Genius or not,
“Yes,” he says in something like wonder. He had, albeit unintentionally, shared his deepest pain and darkest secret with John and John had not turned away. He had responded with kindness and empathy. Somehow, in the face of such honest compassion, the shame and fear could not survive.
like he hides those muscles beneath layers of plaid, synthetic fabric and cheap, ill-fitting jumpers,
Though he would gladly ignore such base and plebian things, he recognizes that there is inherent value in appearing attractive to others. He can grasp the
"Sorry, almost done," John says gently as he moves down the back of Sherlock's skull. The silky curls twine around his fingers as he feels the shape beneath.
“Large casevac. Next helicopter inbound in 7 minutes. We’re scupper. It's all hands.” Her voice is crisp and professional but lowers slightly as she gets to the end of her response. Her shift in tone quietly and respectfully communicates that she knows he is exhausted and struggling with having lost a patient but they need him to fight on.
There is silence for a moment as John plays with the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock is not looking at him but is instead glaring at the wall. It occurs to John that he should say something to ingratiate himself to the beautiful, posh boy who he very much wants to get to know better -
really." John flops back against the wall with a sigh. "Got, um, classes... tomorrow... and Mike - um… you're
“Yes, the hospital,” Sherlock says with some skepticism creeping into his voice. He can't understand why she is being so…
Sherlock,” he begged of the dark specter pressed against him; the want and need overwhelming his sleep leaden brain beyond the means of making a coherent demand.
I bet he’s just so very smug knowing-” She stops mid-sentence and her eyes widen. “No. He wouldn’t do that. Sherlock Holmes would never let an error like that slide - especially not when he'd be indebted to me. Should have known - he didn’t even barter. He was protecting someone... Oh, John, you know what this means?” Her grin is almost manic and has sharp edges, like a cheshire cat. She's nearly on the edge of her seat and vibrating with excitement.
If he was honest with himself, he felt just as on edge as Sherlock looked, and not just from his flatmate’s mood swings. He couldn’t get past the nagging impression that something was missing. There was this constant irritating and jittery sensation of something writhing right under his skin.
Everything in the room stands still as they stare at each other. Captain Watson is covered in blood, wrist deep in the young soldier's chest, hand cupping the broken heart and trembling with emotion.
"Wait." John throws out a hand just when Sherlock reaches down to pick up the case. Sherlock scowls at him but John keeps the hand extended until he disappears into the loo. He returns with a bath towel in his hand. He spreads it out on the bed and hauls the case up onto it. Then he steps back, allowing Sherlock to proceed, as if this is all quite normal behaviour.
John lifts up the blankets to assess the rest of his body for injury. He finds that he is completely naked and he quickly lowers it back down. He'd expected the need to go shirtless with the location of the wound but not to be stripped of everything.
He can hear John reach over and turn off the tap. Then there's some shuffling and a folded towel is placed within reach. After a few moments, Sherlock rolls his head on the ledge and opens his eyes a sliver, staring up at John. His doctorly demeanor has slipped and instead his wide eyes are roving over what he can see of Sherlock above the bubbly surface. He clears his throat and looks away towards the door, rubbing at the back of his neck.
is the best you've got right now." John says in a low and firm voice as he pulls the jacket up over Sherlock's shoulders and curls his fingers around the lapels to hold Sherlock in place. "You chose me to look you over. I take that responsibility
As she settles into her seat, I visually scan the room for threat. I can't help but take note of the glint of glass in the upper corner of the room. Given the constant monitoring I've been living under at Baker Street, it immediately sets me on edge. As she flips open her pad and clicks her pen, I force my gaze back down to her and try to push that needling awareness of a potential threat to the back of my mind for the moment.
It takes a moment to catch her eye. Apparently, she’s not particularly out to prowl or maybe she isn’t used to getting noticed among her more outgoing and flirtatious friends. When her deep brown eyes at last connect with his, she smiles back, timid and sweet, and John immediately feels some of the suffocating weight on his chest slide away.
As he slips on his shoes, he mentally boxes up the jumble of thoughts and emotions, locks them away, and shoves them into a deep well within a dark corner of his mind.
The video ends in darkness, but after a few heartbeats John’s voice continues quietly. “It’s all here, Sherlock. Start at the
"What are you doing with that?" he accuses, rummaging around in his pocket for the purloined key and trying to work out how John lifted from him without him noticing.
“Just remember,” Sherlock warns, lifting his eyes to lock a glare on John, “Brown belt in Shotokan Karate. I
“The internet. Websites.” He waves a hand dismissively, taking a sip from his own tumbler and hoping that will suffice.
He is fury and need; raging body and ruined brain. A fiery freight train, out of control and barreling into the station. Wreaking its final destructive carnage on those it used to bare as burden.
least not to your face, anyhow. Too afraid your ego’d inflate so big that your head would pop off and float away... But it
The words are like a hammer. He tries desperately to cling to that figure but he tumbles, violently thrust away, and then he is falling. Falling, falling, falling backwards, plummeting down faster and faster, until he slams into the Earth. His body gives a convulsive jerk that startles him awake; his body bouncing on the little cot.
Financial sabotage seems likely; a suspicion confirmed by a rather embarrassing row with the chip and pin machine at the supermarket when I attempt to restock the flat with things
"There's nothing - nothing of value which could possibly be obtained from investing more time. Spending time with -" he loses the thread a moment and goes silent, eyes skittering around the room. Then he rejoins louder, as if John were arguing back. "Preposterous! I'm simply not the type for relationships beyond transactional agreements of mutually-"
Sherlock hisses, body tensing and hips twitching and flexing erratically across the sheets. He aches. Trenchant yearning swells at the sense memory of John inside him. It is sharp and potent; a cruelly exquisite mix of pleasure and pain. He fists his hands, crushes his eyes closed and growls through gritted teeth as he slams his heels down and throws his head back repeatedly in fully-body convulsions of frustration.
Sherlock bites his lip. There isn’t a good way to answer that directly without giving everything away, so he side-steps it.
“Weighted blanket.15 minutes,” he declares in a tone that brooks all argument. Then he uses his large hands spread on the broad back of the ex-soldier to draw him down until their bodies are flush.
"Nothing." Sherlock drops his gaze to John’s left hand, still wrapped around his waist to steady him, but he can feel John continuing to study the side of his face.
There's a muffled sound of protest when I push the door closed. He is apparently reluctant to give up any ground he's claimed. I ignore it and shut the door all the way. I tip the chair back, and pull it out from under the handle to set it aside. Then I turn and walk back towards my bed. It's a bit of a posture, since the gun (that I'd been very close to using
John decides a night out is what he needs to get over everything. Things start to look up right before it all comes crashing down when he stumbles upon Victor and Sherlock.
John looks down at his own palms and studies them, as if a closer inspection might reveal how the hell they came to have Sherlock’s hot flesh beneath them the previous evening. They tingle with the memory of that firm body yielding to their strength and he clenches and unclenches them.
A tall, dark haired man had Sherlock pinned to the wall beside the couch; one hand clutching his wrist painfully tight over his head and the other on his neck. John had taken two steps forward before the sound hitting his ear pulled him up short like a dog meeting the end of his leash.
Gazing at his own naked form, he notes all of the flaws of his body now, glaringly apparent in his own eyes. Without the armour of his clothes, he feels remarkably young and vulnerable. It is not a sensation he enjoys.
I am thinking of army mate, RJ, who has a brother-in-law that does forensic accounting. I am thinking that he owes me a favor for that thing in Kabul, when my mind immediately snaps back to attention the moment I step in the flat.
the way to go,” John continues conversationally. “I believe I'd have you bested there.” Sherlock chuckles darkly against John's shoulder. Encouraged, the ex-soldier continues, “I would have tried to go easy, but with my
After a few moments, their distrustful gazes begin to linger on me, an obvious oddity in contrast to the bank’s usual customers. I lift my chin and internally scoff at what I know is going to happen if I simply hold my ground. They're so pent up, pacing like caged tigers, starved for a bit of bloodsport. In short order, they will be dragging me off to some back room for a less-than-friendly chat. Won't take much. Any resistance on my part and it will turn into an all out slugfest. Sebastian will eventually get word, and intervene on my behalf, but it could be a satisfying tangle before then.
His expression fluctuates subtly as his eyes sweep up and down my frame. His mouth has fixed into a tight line and all that intense power of observation is begrudgingly focused on me now. Instead of discomfort, I feel relief. I relax and add a bit of a smile.
Stamford leans forward on the counter and studies Sherlock and Sherlock isn’t sure what his face is doing but it feels like it is on fire over his stray thoughts. He looks down at his own hands, grimacing.
Sherlock concludes that John's pride was somehow damaged by that call to Mycroft. He makes a mental note to insult Mycroft in a particularly hurtful way next time he sees him. He then wonders what he'll owe his brother since he not only botched recovery of Irene’s phone, but he'd got himself injected with drugs and needed a car sent to bail them out. Mycroft is sure to be insufferable for months.
As Sherlock gathers the last of the medical supplies onto a tray, his nerves are twitching. He needs to get his transport under control if he is going to manage this delicate dance. He closes his eyes and focuses, imagining that his hand is shorter with stronger, thicker fingers calloused in that distinctive pattern that speaks of the unique combination of healer and protector. He allows his hand to skim down his chest, across the hollow valley of his navel and over his jutting peaks of his hips imagining a different touch; soldier firm and doctor gentle. The skin sparks and tingles at the new input. His brain quiets. The churning sensation slows and stills. He reaches for a memory to focus on.
John opens his eyes a sliver and sees Sherlock looking over at him. He can tell the exact moment that Sherlock's gaze falls on the red stain blooming on his chest. Recognition flashes into an expression of horror on his face.
Sherlock snorts, and it is an acrid, ugly thing with his sneering face so distorted by anger and disgust.
"Your time is nearly up." Sherlock pops the p sharply. His voice is crisp and hollow of any emotion. He won't even look at John. He stares out the window as if he'd prefer to be anywhere else.
The figure lingers, tasting the depth of emotions, shimmering off of her like a muddled plume of smoke. She is like an open wound, bleeding regret, fear, heartache and sadness.
Sherlock sighs and closes his eyes a second longer to sort his thoughts. His head bows and his hand rubs against the back of his neck. There is nothing for it but the truth now. He just has to hope they have been through enough that John can handle it.
Emotions flicker across Sherlock’s face so quickly and in such minute variations of twinges of muscles that John has trouble tracking them all, but then his features settle on something new; a sort of determined surrender or a resolve to submit.
“Irrelevant.” Sherlock sweeps his concerns away with a wave of his hand, like pesky mosquitoes. He keeps his stare cold and barbed; fiercely demanding. “Me. Sex. Approximately one meter to your left. That's enough to be going on about, don't you think?”
!” He is turning a bit red now. The perfect shade of cerise crawling up his chest and neck to flare on his cheeks and make his eyes shift to a lovely shade of sapphire blue.
It takes an agony of seconds to reach his door, each more difficult than the previous. With hands that are clumsy with cold and exhaustion, he retrieves the key from his pocket. His fingers are numb and he can't quite focus. It takes three tries to push the key into the lock. He shoulders open the door and almost forgets he's still dragging that nauseatingly pink case until it slams into the door frame and wrenches his arm back. He turns and begins wrestling with it but the infernal thing fights him the entire way. It nearly unbalances him when he finally pulls it free of the doorway.
Before Captain Watson moves away to scrub for surgery, he turns back to the corner the boy had been looking at, and steps towards the shadows. He studies the space for a moment, mind racing and his hand clenching and unclenching at his side.
With that look from John, for the first time he feels a potential advantage in this situation. He sees a workable plan.
It is whispering, but even this feels like it is shaking Watson apart. Watson strains to discern the words but it feels like drawing close to the epicenter of some sort of shock wave; growing more intense and fracturing his consciousness with the more he tries to approach the source.
There was an ever increasing mound of evidence that attempting to pursue something with Sherlock would be an unmitigated disaster.
Perfect, in fact." That seems a bit far fetched, but he can't back down now so he crosses his arms over his chest and scowls harder. "I don't need anything or anyone.
Memories of that day in the interrogation room flood back to Sherlock as something else occurs to him. He had purposely misled her into thinking John was dead. John would be the most likely suspect, no matter how much Sherlock asserted that they’d gone their separate ways. Hopkins had known that the person that came to Sherlock’s rescue that day had done their own hands significant damage. She is smart and observant. When she met John, saw he was alive, and saw his bandaged hands, she would have known instantly who had protected Sherlock and, in turn, who Sherlock had been protecting with his confession. He feels a little lightheaded and looks down to get his bearings.
It is an act of trust to willingly let oneself be seen. And, like most things emotional, John needed to take the first steps and then give over control to Sherlock.  He has discovered that the more he opens himself up, the bolder Sherlock grows in pushing his own limits of emotional and physical intimacy. John feels honoured by Sherlock's efforts to try to understand him and the deep connection that has come from open communication has done wonders to free John from his own self-imposed barriers.
"Yeah. Of course. Do every night." John isn't sure why he feels a need to defend this but Sherlock said it like an accusation.
As John gets to the bottom buttons he finally breaks eye contact to look down and pull his shirt out of his trousers. Sherlock stops breathing altogether as the t-shirt underneath his button down rucks up revealing a flash of light brown abdomen and a line of hair, darker than the sandy color of the hair on his head, trailing down the center of his body and disappearing into the top of his trousers. The creature inside him writhes and cinches tight, everything moving at once in a dizzying frenzy of sensation.
but she was already compromised by then, they were watching her and it nearly cost her her life. Mycroft saved her,
“How exactly is this going to work then,” John asks skeptically. He settles back into his seat by the fireplace, cupping his hands around his mug of tea and breathing deeply. Steam rises around his face and a contented smile cracks his square jaw. Sherlock looks him over carefully.
He takes a moment to mentally debate if he should text or call, then decides to go with a text. Maybe she'll ignore it but at least there won't be another screaming match if she’s not in the mood to help. He types it out quickly, trying not to overthink it.
John’s mouth envelopes his again and Sherlock is lost in it. He kisses with lush, full presses, against Sherlock’s neck and up to his jaw, to that place just by his ear - the place he always finds himself rubbing with the distant memory of John’s kisses there from previous life cycles. Sherlock’s toes curl and he hums his approval.
For a moment they both still; adjusting to the abrupt shift in positions and power. Sherlock comes back to himself, realizing, with a flood of exhilaration and relief, that he is precisely where he wants to be and so close to everything he desires. His free hand scrambles along the smooth, taut sheet for a grip to push back into John.
that he’d cultivated in his years as an army doctor. Calm determination flooded his system as he threw his body onto Sherlock’s to keep him from tearing at his own flesh.
"Yes, we're looking for a GP" Her gaze lifts from where she's making a note on a file to sweep over me, her eyes narrowing with an edge of skepticism. "You a doctor?"
, he'd sat down and looked over all the files on the AGRA thumb drive alone. Sherlock was back at the hospital, and John knew he couldn't hide anymore.
The weight on his limbs retracts and Sherlock immediately recoils into himself, sitting up and curling into a ball, knees pulled to his chest and rocking back and forth. One hand clenches in his hair, the other coils around his legs to hold himself tightly, occasionally smacking a palm against his legs or his skull as he tries to jar things back into place and come down as the storm inside him blows itself out.
" I snipe with obvious exasperation. Unfortunately, he doesn't seem to get the hint that the comment is a dig at him and how
It's probably another ten minutes before I can force myself up onto the couch. I'm still shaking. I don't know what to do with myself but I feel sick and weak - worse than any typical panic attack or nightmare. I don't feel safe staying there in the sitting room with the nightmare so fresh. I push myself up and stagger up the stairs to my room. I lock the door behind me and wedge the desk chair under the knob. I get out my gun, load it and lay down on the bed, eyes fixed on the door long into the night until exhaustion finally overtakes me.
“I said go, John.” He remains focused on Victor. “He’s not dead but he will have to go to hospital. I don’t think he had time to see you. I can argue self-defense. He won’t press charges against
Sherlock's cheeks are on fire, but the humiliation flooding through him feels like liquid nitrogen in this veins, so cold he suddenly feels frail - breakable. The cold blood beneath his hot skin reignites the violent storm of anger and frustration.
It's quite satisfying to see Sebastian squirm. He puts down his glass of water, nervously runs his finger along the inside his shirt collar, as if it suddenly feels too tight, then excuses himself from his guests.
“Who?” Sherlock mumbles distractedly, watching John gesture tightly. There is a person obstructing Sherlock's view of John's full body and he wants to reach out and pluck her out of the way.
Angelo returns just long enough to slide a lit candle onto the table and it rouses Sherlock from his contemplations. He looks down and is startled to see three-quarters of the plate of pasta gone. He wipes his mouth with the napkin and reaches for the candle, which bears a small note in John’s handwriting.
"I can do it," Sherlock lies, voice only a husk. He reaches for the buttons again but doesn't resist when John pushes his hands away. It's a token protest. He hasn't the energy for any real fight. He keeps his eyes open just enough to see John crouching in front of him again. Sherlock considers making some comment about how they keep ending up in this position but John's face is twisted into a scowl of worry and Sherlock doubts it's in good taste to comment on such things.
“Mmmm… John.” That deep voice rumbled by his ear like thunder rolling in the heavy blackness swathing them, shaking the world down to its foundation. Those violinist’s fingers, strong and nimble, kept dancing up and down his shaft and squeezing through the fabric barrier. The hot puffs of air against his shoulder came quicker and more forcefully. The long, lean body rocked in time with the maddening caresses.
The first meeting had been spectacular until he made a train wreck of it. Apparently he’d only needed to look at Sherlock to compel him into practically breaking the sound barrier in an effort to escape him during their second encounter. And the third had been a non-starter. The door had been slammed in his face twice. When it was opened a third time and he might have finally had his chance to set it all right, he instead did a rather impressive (if completely inappropriate) crash tackle, knocking Sherlock out cold.
“Right.” I slowly place the classifieds down on the table and pick up the file. “I’ll just have a look then, shall I?”
He firmly pushes those emotions aside. He'll need to resurrect what occurred last night from the depths of his drug-addled memory if he hopes to face whatever reality lies beyond his bedroom door.
"Stop saying that," Sherlock snaps, pushing off of John, and he's all fluid movement of strong muscles and sharp, hard angles as he tries to squirm out from under John and thrust himself to his feet. However, he's clearly still woozy and there's pain in his ribs that he has yet to confess to (but that John can see in his every move). He keeps collapsing in on himself with his body trembling and an expression twisted in agony.
John chuckles and Sherlock turns his face away to look at the opposite wall, feeling exposed and humiliated.
Watson is a practical man; not prone to fantasy, superstition or religious fervor. More truthfully, not willing to surrender, to some unseen entity, what little sense of power and control he can retain within this unending fight for the lives of the men around him. However, war is a surreal place. So much of it is outside the scope of typical human experience that it seems to make nearly anything possible. Watson has seen too many bizarre, unexplainable, improbable things. Now, perhaps because the boy had been so young and so obviously afraid, the very idea of such an unassailable presence hovering out of sight sparks a flame of angry defiance in Watson.
This moment. I wished we could have kept running together, far away from it all. The world was crashing down around us but you were all I ever needed.
Mike’s voice, the door that he is propped against is flung open and he stumbles inward, smashing into a tall, lean bloke wrapped in nothing but a bed sheet.
John decides to take a more direct tact before he makes Sherlock any more confused and cross by trying to come at it sideways.
“Yeah, no. That’s not going to work for me.” John scrambles to his feet and swiftly strides away. “I’ll make tea,” he says from the kitchen in a tight voice.
Standing there outside the doors of the hall leading to surgery, still squeaking miserably on their settling hinges from the flurry of activity that just assaulted them, Sherlock feels it all catching up to him. His mind replays on a stuttering loop the last image of John on the stretcher; eyes closed, his usually sand brown skin so colorless, oxygen mask swallowing his face and obscuring his features, chest bare and already robbed of Sherlock’s makeshift bandage.
skill and experience…” Sherlock sighs with exasperation and John can almost feel his eye roll. He pulls his head up and looks John in the eyes.
the patient and he definitely is not accustomed to having Sherlock’s hands on his bare body, as he is soon to experience. He grasps for something to calm his nerves and so channels all the uncertainty and anxiety into anger.
They'd typically want to keep a gunshot wound with significant blood loss at least overnight for observation.” Sherlock clears his throat and looks away.
John's other arm closes firmly around his waist, unyielding steel beneath malleable flesh, steadying him and clasping him protectively. It pulls him closer so that they are chest to chest, and he feels John's heartbeat, encased beneath fragile flesh, strong muscle, and sturdy bones. It is so powerful that his own heart is synchronizing to its rhythm.
John's eyes narrow slightly as he scans Sherlock. He tilts his head, pressing his lips together. “You remember something, don't you?”
“Yeah, fine,” Watson answers reflexively. He doesn't say the truth; that, with less than three hours sleep in the last 52 hours, he feels like death warmed over. That the adrenaline has been the only thing holding him up (besides sheer force of will) and now that it is draining from his system he is painfully aware of every muscle that throbs and aches from strain and overuse. That beneath it all is lurking this haunting agony of fear, doubt and anguish that he can't even begin to touch.
Her eyes move over me, serious and measuring, before a small smile curls onto her lips. Then she nods.
In place of a response, I open the door and climb out onto the kerb. I stand there staring at the restaurant. Sherlock pays the cabbie and slides out to stand next to me. I look over and he is grinning. I can tell he's going to enjoy this.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes as the thought bursts through the darkness like the sun through gray clouds. “Yes, John. That is exactly what this situation requires.” Sherlock excitedly stretches his fingers out in the air as if the swirling idea is a whisp he can tangle round them and weave the stands of thought into a net to snare John.
Sherlock swallows and looks away feeling deflated. He’d never really considered it from John’s perspective. The back and forth battle he had raged inside himself to kill his feelings had a casualty he had never anticipated.
“Oh,” John breathes. He holds himself still as he looks up into Sherlock’s eyes and really sees him for the first time. Sherlock is wrecked; his eyes wide and glassy, his lips trembling slightly, his face, an even more ghostly parlor than usual, is so open and genuine. He is completely unguarded and that raw vulnerability is breathtaking. It lodges in the center of John's chest, just below his sternum and stays there, searing hot and painfully heavy.
“Fair enough,” Lestrade says with a sigh, his eyes shifting to something more like respect and understanding. He places his palms flat on his knees as if preparing to get up. He stops and considers Sherlock.
After that they give us both a wide berth. I stand there by the door, arms crossed over my chest, seething over Sherlock's complete disregard. Even after all I've done that should prove my worth, I'm not an equal in his eyes. I’m not even an afterthought.
Sherlock takes this moment when John’s eyes are pressed closed to study him. He hasn’t been able to do so since their time on the couch and then John had been fully clothed. He runs his eyes over the strong shoulders, broader than his own and more packed with muscles. They are tensed now, the trapezius muscle standing out in high definition. The warm color of his skin is so appealing in contrast to Sherlock's own naturally paler and cooler shade. He quietly examines the gnarled scar on the John’s left shoulder, the evidence of his former life. Then lets his gaze drift to his strong jaw that is clenched tight, the muscles on his neck are standing out. It’s not quite anger, but not quite pain either. Definite strain, though. His lips are moving slightly, he seems to be muttering something repeatedly, too faint to hear.
As if he hears these thoughts, Sherlock growls and twists his fists tighter so the fabric now pulls on John's neck. If Sherlock presses any closer, John is certain he will imbed himself into the ex-soldier's chest cavity. As it is the rough texture of the brick is digging into John's back. Sherlock’s breathing is becoming irregular again.
He turns his eyes on her at last, studying her. Her hair is frizzy, lacking the usual product. Her shampoo is a different brand than usual too; now something harsh and cheap. Her clothes are creased and show signs of being on their second day of wear, and her makeup is smudged. As he breathes in deeply through his nose, he catches the smell of men’s deodorant radiating off of her.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Watson concedes to the now sleeping Stinson. “Just seemed important is all.” Watson scrubs a hand over his face and relaxes enough to let a yawn crack through him. He crosses his arms over his chest and settles into the cot, listening to the overlapping shush of deep breathing and the occasional rumble of soft snores of the men and women in his unit sleeping. It is such a lulling chorus it is as if they are all parts of one creature.
genitalia. Sherlock panics; his mind scrambling to salvage the fantasy. Then John is blindfolded. He'd seen
“You alright?” I whisper to Sherlock once Sebastian is a few paces ahead. Sherlock just gives me a strange look, as if he thinks it absurd that I even venture to ask the question. I don’t have time to push for an answer, as Sebastian stops in front of the locked door of a large office.
the ugly reality of war - not the sanitised and sensationalised stories that these detached spectators revel in.
“Dating websites?” John keeps his face blank, but amusement plays like flashes of light in his eyes.
but better The Game Master think it animosity towards John than affection towards Sherlock that made that choice so easy for Mycroft.
"Does this have a point?" His tone is dripping with irritation. He rises to his feet, his eyes locked on John and his head tilted to the side; a bit like a snake ready to strike. John knows that he' is running out of time to turn this around.
"Whoa. Hey. Nope." John rises quickly and has him by both shoulders. He is pulling him to his feet. "Gotta warm you up right. Trousers now."
Watson lets out a slow, jagged breath that wheezes into a low moan. He crushes his eyes closed, tears squeezing out the corners.
I'm not sure how long it takes for this to reach my awareness. My lips move weakly for a moment. I'm confused, groggy, and my head is full of a thick fog. I'm unable to pull myself fully out of sleep. But then, by instinct, my body begins to respond. I suck in a breath, reach up to grasp the body above me. My hand slides up the firm muscles of a bare back, sinking into soft, thick curls. I pull, drawing them closer, changing the angle and then the tempo of that almost franic kiss to suit my own needs. I force it deeper, slower. Desire unfurls as the fog falls away and everything sharpens. A body is moving against mine; aching pressure. The heat of it builds like a fire catching and then slowly roaring to life; all the stronger for growing gradually.
The lips press closer again. Only a slight push of breath this time. Sherlock is aware enough now to drink it in, inhaling as John exhales, greedily pulling all he can from John's lungs until John pulls back gasping himself. Sherlock’s fingers clutch him, trying desperately to hold him in place.
Sherlock stares at me a long moment, the wheels clearly turning rapidly behind his blank expression. Then he returns his gaze to his phone, and once more begins to scroll purposefully. “Not Urdu or Hebrew.”
John turns his attention to Sherlock, who sits as a heap of long, uncoordinated limbs, leaning heavily against John's side. His legs are sprawled, his arms are limp and cast haphazardly at his sides and his head lolling against his chest. Sherlock half opens his heavy eyelids to look around and as soon as he notices John beside him, he rolls his head onto his friend's shoulder. John adjusts in his seat and glances at Anthea uncomfortably. She doesn't even lift her eyes.
"Colleague? Since when do you get a colleague?" Donovan eyes John critically. She turns away and begins leading them inside. There's something off about her walk. An odd queasiness rises inside Sherlock's chest and his skin prickles like it does when he feels a threat. She's sauntering; hips swaying in her rumpled, short, black skirt that smells of sex with her cheap lover. Sherlock is just beginning to analyse this when she looks back over her shoulder at John with a coy smile.
The second section outlines political repercussions if she is not found. It notes, in a cold, remote way, that Kali was to be married to a political rival to secure the alliance of the two families and ensure the future social status of the Singh, which had endured many challenges to their prestige recently.
I always thought-” She paused and gives a little shake of her head, deciding it's best to refrain from appearing to prefer an outcome. She does, of course. She's made it more than clear over the years that she thinks he and John are good for each other, persistently implying there was more going on between them, in spite of all evidence to the contrary.
nightmares, so I nod. Still, I brace myself because I know that she is just softening up my defenses before she moves in for the main attack.
trust this, John has offered up his heart and laid it out, naked and unprotected, for the entire world to see.
Another sigh of relief escapes his lips. He swallows hard around the knot of guilt and humiliation that is forming in his upper chest over having to be concerned about these things for himself.
For a moment the sounds from last night drown out all Sherlock's thoughts, the grunts and sighs of pleasure that Sherlock's body had drawn from John. He can almost feel John's skin, fevered and sticky with sweat, pressed against his back. His muscles flexing and the entire earth shaking with each thrust.
A slight flush blooms on Sherlock's high cheekbones. He swallows as his eyes quickly dart back to the window.
"What do you want, John?" His voice is low, cold and clear; cutting right to the heart of the matter. He stares up at John with eyes naked with confusion and hurt as raw as the moment when John had fled, but now anger has joined that volatile cocktail. It weighs on John once again how all his efforts to prepare for their reunion have been thwarted with incredible efficiency. He seems personally doomed to get everything to do with Sherlock impressively wrong, like he's the very definition of
“What the fuck, mate? Those brakes are seriously dodgy,” the friend had exclaimed, hurling John’s keys back at him with a harrowed expression. John had flinched and felt a wave of guilt.
He is dying. He is certain of it. As much as he has continually thrown himself into the face of danger and as much as he courted death, even welcomed it in some of his darker hours, he really doesn't want to die
"If it's alright, I'd like to take a closer look at your ribs once we get you settled," John says after a few steps.
Within seconds the place is flooded with cops doing their own sweep to secure the scene. A few seem to know Sherlock well enough and when they try to put hands on me to ensure I'm not a threat, Sherlock at least has the decency to warn them off with a growled, “He's with me.”
Sherlock, so accustomed to knowing everything and answering to no one, has a trusting expression that says he is not in control and he is
and at last feels his composure intact, he finds it surprising that, along with relief, there is an undercurrent of melancholy settling into his chest.
So, he joked it off, feeling the arresting vibration of Sherlock's laughter rumbling through him like waves of warmth. He surrendered to the easy, if unusual, companionship that existed between them.
Sherlock slips his phone in his pocket and looks out the window as the cab rocks its way to his next stop.
“Rather be home anyways,” he says closing his eyes and settling back again. “Just going to rest a bit before we get evicted.... Try not to make trouble,” he mumbles his voice growing thick with the pull of sleep.
As Sherlock lies trembling, pinned beneath John's remarkably heavy lissome form, he is certain that the question of
Sherlock freezes, every muscle taut, hands cast out, as if the calm this situation demands is something tangible, fluttering at the edges of his grasp; a butterfly he can wait to alight and then pounce upon.
“Yeah, his numbers…” he glances back at the man, standing at the foot of the bed with his hands folded behind his back. “The numbers aren't looking right.” He reaches out and grasps the patient's wrist to take his pulse. The patient's skin is cool and tacky. “Probably just an error,” he mumbles as he stares at the clock and mentally counts the throb of the patient's heartbeat against his fingertips. However, there is a stirring in his gut telling him that there is something
I step forward again and my eyes can't help but flick to Wilkes’ dumb, thick fingers curled around Sherlock’s arm. Some part of me knows I’m being ridiculous; overreacting. Afterall, Sherlock can take care of himself when it comes to some slimy businessman getting handsy. By the state of the flat earlier, I'd say he's handled much worse today alone, but a sharp edge of irritation is lodged under my skin, like a splinter wheedling its way in further with each moment. I can picture Sherlock's delicate white skin beneath the layers of fabric, bruising in the same way the flesh of his hips had taken on the imprint of my fingers as I-
“Shepard’s pie?” John blinks slowly. “Yeah. Yeah, I can do that, Sherlock.” John stands and begins to remove his shirt as he always does with his nicer clothes to protect them from the hazards of food preparation. There is nothing overtly sensual about the way he unbuttons his shirt, except that he is staring steadily into Sherlock's eyes as he does so.
Mycroft nods. His thin lips turn up at the corners. “Good. Good. I am glad to hear that, little brother.” Mycroft rises to his feet. “Now, if you'll excuse me, I do have other matters to attend to." Mycroft swiftly exits the room, his voice trailing after him. "Do take care, Sherlock.”
John swallows and lets his mind slip back. He meets Sherlock's intense stare with confidence and conviction.
“Yes, I know,” John says intensely and his other arm slips around Sherlock pulling him closer. He ducks his head, burying his face against the sinewy shoulder. He is shaking, barely able to constrain the need to hold so tight that it is crushing.
Sherlock's face goes from annoyance to astonishment before the whole thing crumples in confusion. His gaze snaps from one of John's eyes to other, as if he's trying to read what's behind such incomprehensible behaviour. After a few seconds, his expression smooths into that unreadable mask of aloofness.
My expression sharpens, and my shoulders shift back, some of that military steel coming into my demeanor at any implication that I somehow don't fit the role.
Suddenly, long fingers wrapped around the base of his cock and he was being guided between plush globes into tight, slick heat.
That familiar deep voice is silky and full of dark humour. I don't lower my gun. If anything, my eyes narrow as I measure the prickling alarm raising hairs on the back of my neck.
of attraction but only in the abstract. By the cultural standards for an attractive male, he is aware that he is
being a right idiot. No ego there!” Lestrade puts on a false voice, high and lilting, “Oh, I had my heart set on mass destruction and world domination but I’ve no mad, brilliant genius to possibly botch up my plans... I guess I’ll just go make pasties or work in the supermarket or something.” Lestrade laughs and Sherlock swallows, a bit of heat creeping into his face at how silly it sounds when put that way. “Evil’d been happy to run roughshod over good people either way. You gave us a fighting chance.”
get on well. He didn't turn heads like Sherlock, but a funny, charming, war-decorated doctor rarely has to sleep alone if he puts in an effort. To be honest, he had simply stopped trying. He'd decided on it the Christmas before Sherlock jumped from the roof of Bart's. His then girlfriend, Janet, called him out on his priorities,
Then there was John. After all that happened, for some unfathomable reason John had been in his corner that night in the alley. If he hadn’t intervened, Sherlock might have left in a body bag instead. A thought that, at the time, didn’t bother him as much as it should have.
Sherlock rests his head on John's shoulder and breathes deeply as they make their way to the couch. He is flawed, imperfect and wired all wrong but somehow John loves and accepts him anyways.
John is perhaps the only person he will admit his occasional gaps in knowledge to. Sherlock might do so now if the man weren't both the source and the focus of his current emotional apoplexy.
Sherlock commits it all to memory, then closes his eyes. He recalls John's touch on the occasions that Sherlock needed to have some wound tended on his body. In those moments John would exude the quiet confidence of a man that knew and trusted his own skill. The touch was always careful and strictly professional, but the doctor still had a tender kindness that radiated from every part of his being. It always settled over Sherlock like some subduing drug, swaddling him in a velvety, haze of warmth. Sherlock found he didn't mind
“Describe it.” Sherlock takes a small step towards him so that John has to tip his head to look up at him now. John feels that twinge of unease in his chest over how intimate all of this is, but he lets it go. He forces himself to open up because, as much as Sherlock has been peeling John's defenses off, layer by layer, Sherlock has been drawing closer, revealing more of that vulnerable side of himself in equal measure, and that feels worth the risk for John.
“Not a dream, then?” John’s tone is even. His head is tilted slightly to the side. He is focused and unwavering, with a stillness to him that means he is prepared for anything.
John saves him by reaching down and delicately tracing his cheek bone with his fingertips. Sherlock looks up into his eyes and sees Justus buried within them; the expression the same as in Sherlock's last moments; gazing down at him like he was something so precious and unbearably fragile and fleeting.
It’s only then that I realise, with a shock, that I'm flirting with him. Perhaps no one else would typically think of my attempt to get him to share his deductions as a form of flirtation but I know, from what he'd said that first night on the couch (when he had interpreted all my behaviour leading up to that intimate moment), that he takes my enthusiasm for his skill as a territorial display; a way of declaring my interest and staking a claim. It doesn’t matter that that had never been my conscious intention, that is what it is now. It's an established code. Proceeding will be interpreted by him as a clear signal that I'm willing to recommence that twisted courtship dance from our first day together.
without it being overlain with the thick, nauseating scent of some woman. He is dizzy with the rush of it; the heady intoxication.
He shuts his laptop and moves to the couch. Fingers steepled under his chin, eyes closed, long body stretched out straight as an arrow in his pajamas and housecoat. He lays there, waiting.
"Unsurprising," Sherlock mutters, turning towards the window and sinking into his coat; his collar offering a bit of protection to obscure his face from John's view.
Lestrade has moved to the same position he was in as John examined the body; arms folded over his chest, leaning back against the wall. Sherlock picks up the note and reads it.
) said he is good… … and Sherlock finds, quite distressingly, that he wants more than anything to believe that John believes he is good.
“Suppose I deserved that,” he says around a bubbly laugh that shakes Sherlock. His face turns into Sherlock's neck and his lips are smiling against the sensitive skin right below Sherlock's ear. “You're just too bloody delicious.” He growls playfully and feigns an attack on Sherlock's neck; all wet lips, hot breath, and the faint scrape of hard teeth. It sets off an odd explosion of sensation that starts at Sherlock's neck then ricochetes through his chest, into his stomach and pelvis.
When he finally turns the water off and reaches for the towel, he discovers that John must have returned at some point during his shower because there's a stack of clothing now and the door is closed. Sherlock swallows and looks at himself in the mirror, wondering how much John saw of his fully nude form. It makes his stomach clench into a fist of anxiety knowing how poorly John reacted to seeing his body that first night.
Sherlock slips away from Hopkins and the nurses easily enough while waiting for head scans and locates Victor’s room with the help of a quick search on the computer at a nursing station. He watches it for a moment from the hall, ensuring that no one is currently attending him, then quietly slips inside.
” His fingers tighten on John’s shoulders as realisation hits him and all the facts unspool suddenly; a flurry of panic and frustration.
“Yes, John,” that silky baritone breathed into his ear. Then his clothes were being briskly peeled away and the dark figure turned.
Sherlock stares down at his own hands, feeling oddly disoriented. He is so tired, so weak and now his head is pounding in a stuttering beat synchronized with every throbbing injury to his broken body. It is an enormous drum; thudding louder and louder, crowding out everything else as it works towards crescendo. There is no relief in between the beats; he can hear the buzz of the florescent lights, smell the sweat from previous occupants of this room; reeking of fear and stale coffee. He just wants to close his eyes and sink into the silence of that final rest. He pulls his hands back and curls them around the paper cup of tea to keep them from shaking. His thoughts skip randomly over the information she has provided, squeezing in between the pulse of his body.
In his fantasies, Sherlock had initially toyed with the idea of turning his skill in flirting, honed for use on the occasional case, on John and seducing him. He'd always discarded this scenario since, even in his own fantasies, he could never overcome his awareness that John has no desire for men. However, the evidence that John Watson is not
Sherlock pulls back and looks at the door, as if it should explain itself for letting such nonsense through.
“How unfortunate. Whomever are they to rely upon to mettle in all manner of human affairs?” Sherlock quips shooting him a pointed glare before pivoting quickly, with a snap of coat, and pacing in the opposite direction once more. The needling insult is an attempt to avoid any calm and reasonable discussion. Sherlock knows recent actions will fail to pass any closer inspection by Mycroft. They had little to do with logic and reason.
John is no savage, but you don’t dangle steak before a starving dog and you don’t go crawling into a man’s bed stark naked and ready to have a go. You don’t go offering your previously untouchable body up to hungry hands. Not when you are Sherlock
“Lestrade on his way?” John asks between clenched teeth; he is dragging in deep breaths to try to calm his body.
“Nahyt? Am I to recall one man?” Sherlock waves a hand dismissively, feigning indifference. “It's a war, Mycroft. I deal with quite a lot -”
Sherlock blinks up at him, wide-eyed with shock. John nods and then his eyes move down Sherlock's body as he wets his lips. That look in his eyes is even more devastating than Sherlock ever imagined; determined and hungry with just a hint of something sultry and mischievous.
“You’re right. You’re right, I didn’t-” John interrupts himself by sinking into a kiss. In spite of Sherlock’s urgency, John takes the lead and, within a few seconds, it becomes slow and deep; a drugging sort of kiss that reminds Sherlock how good it can be when he  relinquishes control and lets John take over.
Sherlock freezes when he gets to the wall that had been in the video. They’d stopped there, breathless, leaning back and just looking at each other, chests heaving, hearts pumping, hands brushing.
Sherlock squirms out from under him and scrambles over to the motionless criminal. He hunches down over the body, inhaling deeply through his nose and then visually inspecting the right hand of the felled man.
press the pillowcase that cradled John's head to his nose to capture one last whiff before dumping it into the laundry.
“Yeah, I know-” John grabs Sherlock's hands to peel them off his face. He can't resist the natural inclination of his eyes to slide closed when held within Sherlock’s grasp; those sharp eyes and his other-worldly face so close. He can't handle this now. He's a grown man; a battle-hardened, ex-army doctor. That intensely focused look Sherlock is giving him, like he wants to crawl inside him through his eyes, shouldn't make him feel weak all over…
that, in John’s state of intoxication, Sherlock’s usual abrasive and dismissive self-defense methods are failing miserably. He wishes he could leave but this is
"Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade." He pauses on the landing crowded with chatting police to twist and shake gloved hands with John. "In case it has not been made clear to you, this is an active investigation, John, which means that everything you see and hear is to be kept strictly confidential-"
“Because I had a row in the shop with a chip-and-PIN machine,” I say more tetchily than perhaps warranted.
He turns to go and plops back down with a thud, his legs giving out involuntarily at the shock of seeing John emerging from the side door of a building across the courtyard. He is different in the morning light; hair glowing golden in the sunshine, strong shoulders tense. His face is a storm cloud and he is shaking his head back and forth vigorously. He's arguing with someone. Sherlock studies the etch of his frown, the twitch of his eye. This is a completely new side of him.
His stare sharpens and he searches my face for a moment. Then his gaze flicks to the building behind me. I ease back a little, reminded that the CCTV cameras are always watching. However, I don’t let go.
He sighs and runs a hand over face. No other solution is offering itself up, and he's only standing around getting colder and wetter. Calling Mary for help is unlikely to end well… but it seems it's all he's got. He'll just have to take the risk and deal with the fallout as it comes.
Lestrade stands in front of him now, his hand extended down. Sherlock looks at it and follows it up to the man's face as his stiff and exhausted body slowly uncoils.
“Come on! Come on! Don't do this. Don't-” His hands slow, then stop as the black reality of the situation swamps him. He reaches in, gently cups the heart one last time, squeezes and waits. Seconds tick by with no response. The young man's heart is an empty paper sack, tattered beyond repair.
makes a low growl rumble from his chest. He exchanges a seething stare with his reflection and rocks back, pulling his feet together to stand up straight. For a moment he scrutinizes his naked reflection in the mirror.
John's proposal) doing his best to ignore any thoughts about it. Aside from one moment of weakness that left John with the false assumption that he was plotting his murder, he thought he was doing admirably well.
As he winds his way through the streets and alleys they had desperately fled down, Sherlock feels a warmth take over him as he remembers John’s hand slipping into his own. He’d knew that it was near the end for him, that Moriarty was closing in, and he would have to make sacrifices, but for that one moment he was free, his heart was soaring, he was holding onto John and running - the rest fell away.
It's all my fault and he is clearly trying to salvage the mission by putting some distance between us… or maybe he is punishing me by cutting me out…  maybe,
“Amazing,” John obliges, holding Sherlock's stare with equal intensity. His voice is surprising to his own ears, low and gravely, betraying the inner state of turmoil between tense adrenaline and his usual awe and reverence for being witness to Sherlock’s talent on display.
Sherlock immediately bristles. He can feel his lip curling into a defensive snarl. His fingers twitch and curl into a fist against the bed where they are resting.
“I have never seen two people be for each other what you two have been. It’s a rare thing. And I have seen both of you without the other and it was nearly the end of ya…” He rubs at his brow, adjusting his jaw. “I knew you for five years before John, through all kinds of the worst of you, and, to be honest, I barely tolerated that version of you… but I never really met
Sherlock has always hoped that providing for John’s danger fix and delivering a new sense of purpose was a fair trade for the hell he occasionally
I purse my lips a moment to keep my instinctive reaction in check. I stare her down, considering my words carefully. I can't afford to let anything show. Sherlock had said on my first night in 221B that the flat is full of cameras and listening devices spying on everything; enemies waiting for confirmation that Sherlock and I mean enough to each other for me to be used to control or destroy him.
Now, it seems pointless. He has nothing to prove here, no cleverness to show, no game to play. The game is over and he lost. They
Sebastian laughs humorlessly and Sherlock's smile back at him is nothing like a smile. He keeps his eyes fixed on Sebastian and the stiffness of the way he is holding himself and the forced blandness of his expression makes me feel like he is being very deliberate in giving Sebastian nothing to sink his teeth into. He is purposely avoiding that fight I am so eager to plunge into. As much as it is the logical thing to do, it also is irritating as hell. The more time I spend with Sebastian the more I want to see the look on his face when I smash my fist into it. But, Sherlock obviously wants to keep things civil, so I reign myself in and force an expression that doesn't reveal my seething anger as I turn back to Wilkes.
"Saw your website. The Science of Deduction," John continues, unaware of Sherlock's internal crisis. "Pretty incredible...um… I mean are you
Five weeks have passed since that first innocuous experiment and two since John’s aborted blanket attempt.
Sherlock wants to protest, backtrack, cover all those gaping holes in his facade, but his brain falters and skips offline when John lowers his pelvis the last little bit and he feels the length of John slot in between his cheeks through the thin cotton and silk. He can't quite stay quiet. Each exhale has a little, pained, barely there note.
“Take my card.” Sherlock nods towards the kitchen where his wallet is lying on the table. His expression is softer than I've seen it since
Captain Watson reaches into the young man’s shirt and pulls out the two round ident discs. He swipes his thumb over them to wipe the blood away from the raised stainless steel surface.
“This does not require brain work, John, which is perfect since that is hardly your most formidable attribute.”
He isn't given much time to process this. John steers him to the tub and encourages him in. The moment his foot breaks the foamy surface, Sherlock sighs. It's the perfect temperature. He moves quicker to immerse himself, eager to be warm again.
