More than simply satiating a hunger, John's blood was an elixir—imparting warmth, imbuing life. Each languorous pull carried his essence, washing through Sherlock like a long lost memory. He sucked, laved, sucked again. Hard. Harder. John cried out, a wordless keen beyond agony or ecstasy.
He raised himself up—sighing at the drag of John's thick cock inside him—then dropped back down. Again, lifting up and sinking back down. His eyes drifted closed as John's prick speared into the hot clutch of his body.
. Eat my arse.”
He presses his hips down and the silky hot slide of his cock against mine is electrifying. I groan, a deep and needy sound, and wrap my arms around him. God it feels so good to be under him like this, while he ruts against me, and pants into my ear. He’s always enthusiastic about sex, but never so aggressive. I could get used to this.
He looks straight at me—into me—and brings his fingers up, licks delicately at the tips. I can hear the sibilant static of his hum, then he’s reaching back under the table. Stroking finger and thumb over the crown, he squeezes out a fresh drizzle. He coats his first two fingers this time and slips them past his lips. Sucking up to the fist knuckle.
He brought his finger to the opening, covering it in slick. He worked it in and around until John gave a shaky nod. “That should be good.”
what I want.”
. That is quite a view!
John hesitates at the exit, looking over his shoulder to make sure nobody is watching, then leans against the push bar. We spill out onto the pavement behind the cafe and I look up and down the alley for an adequate spot to get on my knees. There’s an alcove a few yards away and I push him towards it.
John’s answering grin is possessive—proprietary—and my cock twitches in response.
Sherlock slowly withdraws. Not all the way, just enough to give him space. John’s breathing is rapid and shallow, his thoughts vacillating between excitement and fear. They’ve never played at something like this before. He knows Sherlock would stop if he asked, but he doesn’t want to ask. He wants to see how far this will go.
Sherlock pushes in a bit more, testing the stretch, and John arches back to meet him. “Oh, John…” Sherlock sounds breathless. And a bit wicked. “Now you’re going to fuck
I felt him pulse—three, four, five times. Felt the blossom of heat as he filled me up. Felt the throb and ache between my legs grow even stronger.
Lestrade heaved a sigh, annoyance and exhaustion expelled in one breath. “Of course it's interesting to you, it's the fourth victim of a serial killer. Frankly I’m surprised you didn't pirouette as soon as you set eyes on the body.”
Moving with caution, John braces one hand on the mattress and leans over me. He's careful not to put too much weight on my belly as he lowers his head and nuzzles between my breasts. I feel the warm swipe of his tongue, then the vibration of his rumbling moan.
We’ll see about that.
He says yes.
He focused on the sweet stretch of John's cock and his own throbbing bladder—the blend of pleasure and discomfort. He took a breath, settled.
“All of me is huge,” I sigh.
Sherlock rocked up again—seeking friction—but John angled his body away, denying any contact to his straining cock. And just when a whine began to crack in Sherlock’s throat, John curled his fist over the rock hard length. Sherlock released a gust of breath and tilted his head up for another kiss.
"And I'm sure it won't be the last." Sherlock sighed, milking the moment for maximum melodrama. "No. This is just one of those. . .” Sherlock fished about for a suitably innocuous phrase, “relationship quirks. Nothing to worry about."
“Now.” Sherlock reached out and ran the tip of his finger along the collar of John’s t-shirt. “Where were we?”
His eyes drift down to watch the steady rocking of our bodies. He sucks his luscious bottom lip between his teeth and begins to huff short breaths from his nose.
“Sherlock,” John beckoned from the corpse. “Take a look at this.”
John shifted on his feet. “Um. Ta?”
Awe-struck. It’s the only way to describe him. His eyes are wide—pupils like an ink spill—and the rosy stain on his cheeks is pure arousal. His mouth gapes around shallow pants, and the tweak of his brow telegraphs a pleasure that flirts with the boundary of ‘too much’.
Keeping his strokes long and languorous, Sherlock cups John’s bollocks with his free hand. He rolls them in his fingers, presses them up, and pulls them down. They’re heavy and tight—filled to bursting.
“You don’t think I mean it?” Sherlock pants, dark and ravenous. John shudders to think that Sherlock has taken this as a challenge.
“I want you to get up and head towards the bathroom.”
John sighed and canted his hips. He had his bottom lip trapped between his teeth and a look of desperation clouding his indigo eyes as he looked down at Sherlock.
The crystalline tickle of a bell.
“A crochet hook,” John confirmed. “I’d say five or so millimeters in diameter. Six inches long, though we won't be needing all of that.”
“That’s right. Open up for me, John. Spread your legs like a tart. Such a slag. Tell me you want it.”
As if to up the ante, Donovan narrowed her eyes in their direction and asked, “What was that sound?”
.” John groaned. His cock flexed and the rod slipped in another fraction of an inch. “Oh! Christing fuck!”
They end up in a corner booth, talking over first, second, then third pints. Sherlock feels loose—untethered in an exhilarating way. There's no pretense here, just the two of them chatting, getting to know one another outside of an academic setting. They’re revealing tiny bits of themselves, like clues, solving the mystery of one another. And Sherlock can only hope that John likes what he’s discovering.
“No?”
“How do you know him?” Irene asks.
His next climax was less a climb and more a catapult. The echo of pleasure pulsed, strong and steady, and Sherlock’s whimper of overstimulation morphed into a groan of bone deep satisfaction. He was so wet—his cock dribbling a constant stream, making a mess of the sheets—as wave after wave and of mind-shattering bliss crashed over him. The ebb and flow as endless as the tide as one orgasm blended into the next.
The kneading stops, and the tips of his fingers drag up to the pebbled areola and pluck delicately at my nipple. Again and again, he trails his fingertips up, sometimes circling, sometimes pinching, sometimes twisting. There’s no pattern to the touch and the anticipation of the next sensation is driving me wild.
He swept out of the dining room, up the grand staircase, and down the sparsely lit corridor—complete with ostentatious gilt-framed oil paintings and glowing wall sconces. The sound of footsteps echoed down the hall. With the exception of discrete modernization, the manor was a relic—a time-capsule from the Holmes patriarch that broke ground here centuries ago.
“Christ. . . yes! Sherlock! Yes!”
With obvious reluctance, John pulled away. He stood, took a moment to adjust the bulge in his trousers, and made his way back to the kitchen. Without leaving his seat on the couch, Sherlock craned to see what was going on, but could only catch a glimpse of blue jumper as John moved from the table to the hob to the sink. When he came back Sherlock had the unfamiliar sensation of being struck dumb.
Sherlock nodded. The ache of his bladder dulled only by the steady thrum of arousal that had been pulsing through him for the last hour.
“How did it feel walking here in those shorts?” My gaze tracks from John's hand, to his eyes, and back. “With your cock and bollocks swinging free?”
With one hand placed on his chest for balance, I lift myself up to hover over his cock. He hisses when I reach down, giving him a rough stroke and gripping him hard by the base. I hold him steady, positioned to impale.
He dressed in a flurry, pulling on trousers and buttoning up his shirt one-handed as he texted Lestrade back.
“Sherlock.” It’s barely a breath. I lift myself up on my elbows and turn to look over my shoulder. “Sherlock, wait.”
John has his hands wrapped around the wrought iron bars of the headboard—two anchor points to keep him grounded against Sherlock’s thrusts. John’s face is tucked into his biceps, his teeth biting into the swell of muscle, as Sherlock carves slow and deep into his body.
The state of the flat caught him by surprise. No rearranged furniture, no plastic sheets. No sign of John. Sherlock checked the kitchen, loo, bedroom. Everything was as it should be, meaning nothing was as he’d expected.
“Human behavior will never cease to baffle me,” Sherlock said as the cab pulled away from the kerb.
John didn't know what it was like—how it felt to bitten, to be fed upon. He was, for want of a better word, virginal. Sherlock felt a prickle under his skin, a base desire flaring to life. “Then I won't be enthralling you tonight.”
I don't just squeeze a dollop of lube into my fingers and call it good. No. I up-end the bottle over my palm until I've created a shimmering pool of slick, and then I drizzle an extra line down the length of Sherlock’s straining erection. Because—what Sherlock is about to learn—is that I like a sopping wet ride. I want to slide down a well greased pole. And I want to hear that filthy squelch every time I bottom out.
“You don't seem to mind buggering me over the kitchen table,” Sherlock countered.
John beams at him, tugs at an errant curl, and sets about getting them cleaned up. Once Sherlock had been satisfactorily wiped down and they’re both tucked back into their jeans, they settle back on the bed. John has nestled against Sherlock’s side and tossed an arm over his naked belly.
"And a cup of tea when we get to your office."
Sherlock smirked and brought his hand down to his prick. He curled his fingers around the flushed shaft and gave himself a firm squeeze. Focusing the camera, he made sure the picture caught the glint of precome welling at his slit.
I stop and lean against the worktop for a moment, trying to parse his mood. Teasing? Provoking? Curious? He’s certainly doing his best to appear disinterested, despite instigating the conversation.
She turns to him, manicured eyebrows arched in incredulity. “Why do you need a chemistry tutor?”
“Good kitties get to come,” John reminded him. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s rigid, throbbing cock and Sherlock whimpered. “Good kitties who listen and don't misbehave. Good kitties that don't try to instigate a scene in front of half of Scotland Yard, those kitties get to come. Are you a good kitty?”
The sweet singing pleasure of release! Warmth flooded him, poured out of him. His groan of satisfaction eclipsed the hiss of his steady stream.
“Fuck,” I say under my breath. Because my own cock is now rock hard and angled awkwardly down the leg of my trousers. I reach down and tug at the crotch of my jeans, lift my hips, and shimmy. I reposition my erection into the bit of space I’ve managed and it takes a monumental effort not to let my hand linger.
Sherlock, as a rule, has more than a passing interest in his appearance, but getting ready for tonight had proven a rigorous exercise. He doesn't want to admit how nervous he is, but the fact that he changed his shirt twice and debated between three pairs of socks is pretty damning evidence.
Then a wet pop.
"Yeah ya did." John's mouth contorted into a feral grin. His hips kicked up harder. "You pissed all over me."
John sat, spread his legs wide, and leaned back. He took his prick in hand, giving it slow stokes—squeezing at the tip—until the slit glistened with precome. Apparently satisfied, he grabbed at the base and tilted it toward Sherlock, looking for all the world like a man accustomed to being serviced thusly.
… until he’d sunk all the way up to the flaring crest.
Their eyes met, a fleeting moment that left the air inexplicably charged. Without a word, John sidestepped Sherlock and moved the to the bed. He sat down, leaning back on his hands and tilting his head to the side. He glanced back at Sherlock from under a fan of blond lashes, a soft simper curling his lips. Sherlock didn't believe the coquettish act for one moment, but he was drawn to it nonetheless.
John looked utterly unrepentant. “When was the last time you saw Mrs. Hudson crochet so much as a scarf? I think she just uses her yarn basket to hide her other stash of herbal soothers.”
“Take off your clothes.”
“No. The wife, John. In the shock of finding her husband’s body in such a state she still had the presence of mind to stage the scene.”
Pleas note: while sounding can be a very enjoyable experience, it must be practiced with care. There are lots of resources out there if you're interested, so do a little research before diving in. On that note, don't be like John—there are surgical steel sounds and plugs available in a wide variety of shapes and sizes. You needn't resort to household objects. Please, be nice to your urethras folks.
“I’m not—”
John shrugs. “A few times. But that was in proper trousers.”
“Why don't you give yourself a few strokes?” I suggest, zooming in the video a bit. “Get your prick nice and fat.”
“Where do your clients normally feed?” Sherlock asked, gaze slipping down John’s neck.
He stops stroking, his attention now focused on me. There’s a crease above his nose that says
“No?”
John grins down into the mattress. “Oh god, yes.”
“Acquaintanceship?”
He grins at me as he gives his spent cock one final adjustment. “No I wouldn’t.”
"Yeah but that's usually after three days of pounding down your door."
“Most. . .?” Sherlock prompted when it was clear Lestrade’s sentence had derailed. “Is it not enough that I solve all your cases? Do I need to complete your sentences as well?”
I feel a bit bad now. Maybe I was a bit too flippant. I quirk my mouth into that soft, lopsided smile that he doesn't know that I know that he loves. “Well, it's a bit hard to discuss dynamics when you've already got your arse in the air and the duvet in your teeth.”
“That’s it. God that’s perfect,” John whispered, more to himself than to Sherlock. He watched the shift of muscles in the amber flicker of the fire. Watched the gentle sway of Sherlock’s bollocks.
I’m instantly reminded of how much larger he is than me. It’s easy to forget—when he’s titling his hips up into the air and begging for my cock; when I’m holding him by the waist and pounding into him, listening to him breathlessly keen my name. But with him hovering above me—broad shoulders and strong chest and darkly gleaming eyes—it’s suddenly, blindingly obvious.
“Then open your eyes and come here.”
Sherlock raised himself up, caging John’s head between his hands and swinging a leg over his hips. He was the quintessential cat with a mouse. Mycroft would be absolutely repulsed. Sherlock couldn't be happier.
“Because you plan on putting it. . .”
“Solving a murder!” Sherlock declared as he hopped off the chair, brandishing a very dead, very desiccated lionfish.
I thought the instruction was made out of concern—to keep the rhythmic
John's hips were still churning beneath him. Pushing deep, and deeper still. The wet squelch of their joined bodies was positively obscene.
“Yes. Oui. Sí. Da. What language do you require?”
As the minutes draw out, I become aware of the various fluids cooling and drying all over my body. “Shower, I think.”
I look down to confirm what I already know—milk is pearling up from my nipple, still trapped between John’s finger and thumb. I watch as a drop slides down the swell of my breast. Then another.
“Eat me out.”
Not beta'd or britpicked.
He looks up, a smear of wetness on his chin. “What?”
I moan even louder, wanton and unrestrained, as I feel the first lapping sensation of orgasm. It starts low in my gut and radiates out—a ripple of pleasure growing stronger and stronger—until I'm arching off the bed, thrusting into John’s hand, and gasping for breath.
“LGBT mixer next month?”
Just when the denial began to take on the flavor of torment did Sherlock let his hands stray down, dip into his briefs, and pull out his weeping cock. He took his time, giving himself long, slow strokes that only made him want more.
“No.” John takes another step forward. Then another. His eyes have gone dark and his tongue runs across his bottom lip. “I mean, I've fantasized about it. A lot. But I never thought it'd actually happen.”
Inside, the crackling warmth of fire radiated in amber waves, chasing away the shadows of nightfall. The light washed over a heap of pillows and a writhing mass of blankets and between the pop and sizzle of burning pine, soft moans filled the room. Post-case in 221B.
After a minute of gentle guidance, almost two inches of metal had penetrated John’s urethra. “I think that's it,” Sherlock said, voice barely above a whisper.
He reached between Sherlock’s legs and palmed his bollocks. They too felt heavier—heftier—than normal. They were already snug up against Sherlock’s body, ready to burst.
“And what do you say to that?”
“What?” I turn off the tap and set down the mug I'd been rinsing. When I turn toward the sitting room, I find Sherlock folded up in his chair, nose buried in a magazine. “What're you reading?”
“Not really private though.” He failed to completely mask his supercilious tone.
His voice rolled over Sherlock like a velvet blanket, cocooning him in warmth. Sherlock nuzzled closer, ran his lips up the column of John's neck. "It was," he whispered into John's throbbing pulse. "Thank you."
I arch an eyebrow, doubtful, but I have to ask. “And they have an article on power bottoms?”
“Oh God, John!” Sherlock digs his nails into John’s back, claws along his spine. Whether in retribution or encouragement is unclear. Either. Both.
. Not,
Then John is balls beep and throbbing. His fingers are digging into the flesh just above the crests of Sherlock’s hips and he bends forward to rest his forehead on Sherlock’s back. He’s panting hot along his skin and Sherlock shivers with the last sparks of orgasm.
Skimming his hands up the back of Sherlock’s thighs, John leaned in. He nuzzled into the warm crease between bollocks and thigh—mouth open in a gentle caress. Up and up, then brushing over the perineal bulge so lightly it made his lips tingle. Under his palms, Sherlock’s muscles quivered.
He rolls over, presses against me. We’re both hot, skin tacky with the remnants of exuberant sex. I don’t care. He kisses the sweat from my hairline and I pull him down to taste the salt on his lips.
John’s mouth tightened the way it did when Sherlock said something a bit not good. “Keep it in the flat then.”
"You like that, love?”
John pulls back a half step, looking even more confused, and that is absolutely unacceptable. Sherlock reaches for him, slips his hands just under his ears to curve around the back of his head, and lowers his mouth.
Sherlock looks down to the sleepy courtyard below. The evening crowd has mostly disappeared, but a few people remain, smoking and enjoying a midnight coffee.
“Oh!” A gust of breath carries my voice as he plucks at the hard buds of my nipples. “Oh fuck, yes.”
He wraps his fingers around my wrists and holds me in place, an anchor as I slowly raise myself up. I look him in the eyes—watch him watch me—as that thick, satin-over-steel shaft slides out. And,
“No,” Sherlock says, sucking determinedly on my pulse.
My eyes trace up his flushed chest, over his gilt collarbones and the warm shadow at the base of this throat. Up to the delicious pink pout if his lips, parted on the eager tide of his breaths. The journey ends on his eyes—smoldering mercury slivers. He’s hungry, just as desperate as I am.
John shivered, gooseflesh raising in the wake of Sherlock’s mouth. “More like acceptance. There's always gonna be people who disapprove. People who will say meal service is no better than prostitution.”
John pops the button of his flies. “Just English is fine.”
“Take your right hand and squeeze your bollocks.”
John blinked. “What? Why?”
Mycroft dabbed a spot of crimson from the corner of his mouth with a black cloth napkin. Never white—
So I pulled my head up from where I’d been shouting into the mattress, and begged. Pleaded and whimpered without shame, to
With desperation in his voice and a patch of wetness darkening his briefs, John was lust incarnate. And Sherlock would deny him no longer.
against the wall from waking up our magnanimous landlady. And maybe it was, after a fashion, but he clearly had ulterior motives.
“Oh, yes,” I murmur, that amber dark purr that I know sends John's pulse tripping. ”That would be quite a sight.”
The next few minutes were a flurry of preparatory activity. Sherlock washed his hands, John took a piss and made quick work of cleaning is achingly hard cock with soap and water. He couldn’t linger, for the risk of shooting off over the bathroom sink.
“Choking myself during a wank?” John’s voice was low, mindful of the cabbie. “No. Always seemed like a lot of work to set up, especially if don't want to end up like Mr. Delaney.” He gave Sherlock a considering once over. “Have you?”
“John!” He breathes. John is hot and hard against his thigh, canting his hips in a languorous rhythm that Sherlock’s body immediately falls into.
John stroked him again—one slow pass over the length of him. The again. He set a lethargic pace, meant more to rile Sherlock up than to offer him release.
John licked his lips, the first sign of nervousness he’d displayed all night. “Where would you prefer to feed?”
Sherlock sat back, to John’s frustrated groan. He dragged his palms along strong, warm muscle—all the way to the knobs of John’s knees—and back. Kneading the muscle, feeling the blood rushing under his hands. With each circuit he pushed John's legs farther and farther apart.
Sherlock reaches out, grips around the base—the girth filling his grip completely—and squeezes. John hisses, head lolling back. How has this man—this short, unassuming man—managed to keep this hidden?
“Yes,” Sherlock says firmly. He thinks it might give John a heart attack if Sherlock told him he has regular threesomes with a married couple, but he’s not going to pretend to be celibate. He has sex now. He likes it. Deal with it, John.
Did he really have to make Sherlock say it?
Ah. Of course. Sherlock’s first hunch was right:  it’s clear as day now that Terry
“Edinburgh, I think,” Patrick says illogically. It’s a complete non sequitur to Sherlock but it seems to mean something to Sam, who nods. He reaches up to cup Sherlock’s cheek.
“Yes, my love,” John rasps and then his hand closes around both of their erections, squeezing them together stroking over both of them. Sherlock cries out and pumps his hips up, overcome with desire. “Let me see you come, you gorgeous, amazing, beautiful—” John pants but Sherlock doesn’t hear the rest of it as the pleasure building in his core spikes and spills and he cries out, his body spasming in exquisite release, hot spurts of come landing on his chest. He’s dimly aware of John rutting frantically against him, chanting Sherlock’s name like a prayer, and then he feels John’s cock twitch and jerk next to his and John groans as more wet heat spreads between their bodies.
Before John knows it, Sherlock switches their positions. He spreads his legs wide and places a pillow under his hips, looking debauched with his cock leaking and his hole glistening with lube, lisp swollen and red from kisses.
“Yes,” he says, his voice pained but even. “I was then and I am now. In love with you.”
He can feel Sherlock hesitate, but a moment later he hears the tell-tale whisper of skin against clothing as Sherlock strokes himself through his trousers, and he grins. Soon there are little sighs escaping Sherlock’s lips and John looks at him over his paper, finding out that he no longer needs to pretend to be reading: Sherlock’s eyes are closed, his head thrown back in pleasure as he grinds his palm against his cock.
Sherlock… just stands there. There’s sincerity written in every line of John’s face, but what he says does not align with what Sherlock knows to be true.
He’s nervous when he gets to the club, but he’s confident enough in his acting abilities to know it doesn’t show on Scott Siegerson’s face. The club is loud and hot and uncomfortable, all flashing lights and pounding music (if ‘music’ is even an applicable term), but the actual… seduction, or whatever it is he’s doing, turns out not to be that difficult. He attracts attention despite the fact that the club seems to mostly cater to a younger crowd and Sherlock is definitely closer to the high end of the age bracket. He can feel eyes on him as he moves around and his heart beats hard and fast with a heady mixture of anxiety and excitement. He surveys the men from under his lashes, gauging his options. He’s attracted to self-confidence, he realises, men who unabashedly let their gaze trail over his body, men who aren’t afraid to approach him. It’s attractive but also somewhat intimidating, because this is really not his area of expertise and he’s not able to deduce with any certainty that they won’t be
John makes a terrible noise that sounds halfway between laughter and a sob. He shakes his head. “The thing is that it was never really about her death. I told myself I blamed you for that because it seemed like a justifiable reason to be angry, but the real reason… the real reason was that I didn’t mourn her enough and I didn’t love her enough and all the time I was with her I regretted not being here with you instead.”
It’s late in the evening and Sherlock has just finished playing the violin for John, who’s sipping his tea quietly, somewhat tense. Sherlock estimates it’s time for him to go and get ready. He puts his violin away, feeling John’s eyes on him, and makes his way to the bathroom. He’s halfway there, his back to John, when John speaks.
“Answer me, love. Did you use toys on yourself?”
“Sherlock, love.” Very gently, John manoeuvres them to lie back down, slipping out of Sherlock’s limp body in the process.  Sherlock is drenched in cooling sweat, his face flushed and wet with tears and his breathing fast and shallow. It isn’t the first time this has happened, and it really isn’t surprising that Sherlock had pushed his body a little too far, but the sight rattles John enough to shake him out of his post-orgasmic lassitude.
, a little harder now, harder,
Sherlock sighs quietly and his fingers curl around John’s arm, and John knows that if Sherlock were able to move, he’d be burrowing closer to John now. John wants nothing more than to take Sherlock in his arms, pull him close and soothe him to sleep, but his throat is parched and Sherlock’s must be doubly so, with how vocal he’d been, and John forgot to refill the water bottle.
. He pushes a second finger in, desperate.
He stretches, enjoying the lassitude in his muscles. Patrick gives him a sleepy smile. His arm is thrown over Sherlock’s chest, the tips of his fingers stroking Sam’s shoulder.
“That’s one word for it.” It’s a hateful word, one that involves associations Sherlock would rather do without.
John sighed deeply, and then tightened his arms around Sherlock.
, sit quietly and let John prod him for answers. “What’s going on, Sherlock?”
When it’s finally over he can do nothing but lie there and pant, his mind utterly blank, his body wrung out. He doesn’t even manage a wince when John slips out of him. When he finally recovers enough to open his eyes, he finds John lying on his side, an arm folded underneath his head, looking at him with the most tender, adoring smile Sherlock has ever seen. Before he knows it he’s smiling back, and they spend an indeterminable amount of time like that, not saying anything, just looking at each other and grinning like fools. Sherlock’s heart feels full to bursting.
“Sorry,” Sam says again, “once we figured out who you were, we obviously had to look you up, and we found all kinds of articles, and your website, and Dr Watson’s blog and… yeah.”
And what would he even say to her? “Sorry, Molly, but could you please stay with Sherlock, he’s in a bad way because he had sex with a rent boy and that reminded him that who he actually wants to have sex with is—”
“On your knees,” Sherlock says shakily, and as John shifts his position, Sherlock lubes himself up clumsily, his hands shaking with anticipation.
, not against John. If they were having sex and John decided he wanted it rougher than Sherlock was comfortable with, would Sherlock actually do anything to stop him?
moving, tilting his hips to drive his cock deeper inside Terry to get more of that wonderful hot-slick-tight friction. Emboldened by Terry’s obvious enjoyment, Sherlock plants his feet on the mattress and lifts his pelvis up just as Terry is sinking down.
He looks towards a fireplace and indeed, there is a white envelope propped against the Persian slipper, with
“Whatever you need.” Robert places a pillow to Sherlock’s hips, adds more lube to Sherlock’s hole, slicks his sheathed cock.
“It’s beautiful,” he says. It takes him two attempts to get the words out.
“You did so well,” John whispers to him as he strokes his hair. “You were absolutely wonderful, my love. Are you feeling all right?”
He collapses on top of Sherlock who doesn’t seem to mind, wrapping his arms around John as the aftershocks die down.
Sherlock nodded, mentally trying to convince himself that it was.
It’s late when they return to Baker Street. Rosie is with Mrs Hudson, and Sherlock had suggested John should just sleep in his old room rather than going all the way to back the suburbs. They get off the cab and Sherlock unlocks the door and it feels so much like
Once Sherlock had closed himself in the bathroom, he turned on all the taps on full to hide any noise he might make. The fact that John knew he was fingering himself was disconcerting enough – if he
What can Sherlock do about it? For option one, he supposes it would be relatively easy – he could indicate to John that he is ready, and/or wait until John feels he’s given him enough time. Option two would be more difficult. He doesn’t think John would like it if Sherlock actually slept with other people first in order to gain more experience, but he could inform John about the kind of research he’s made and perhaps ask John about his preferences so as to find out which areas he should focus on. Theoretical knowledge certainly wouldn’t trump practical experience, but surely John would find it better than nothing. In addition, Sherlock could indicate that he would be happy to follow whatever instructions John gave him – that should contribute towards John’s enjoyment somewhat. Sherlock doesn’t imagine he’ll excel at sex (not straight away, in any case), but his body would be John’s to do with as he pleases, and he’s a quick learner. Surely that must count for something.
“Okay, okay,” he murmured, touching Sherlock’s cheek tenderly. “What is it, love?”
“Yes,” Molly says, eyeing Sherlock’s suit critically. “I mean, what are you going to wear?”
He doesn’t tell Dr Schneider about his awakening libido even though he has a nagging feeling it would be somehow relevant. It would be absolutely mortifying to talk about it, for one, and he doesn’t want her to ruin it for him. It feels good, even though he doesn’t know yet what he’s going to do about it. It feels good to think he might be able to overwrite his one terrible experience with other, better ones, if he decides to do so.
Sherlock glances at him. “Me too,” he says truthfully, and he finds himself smiling a little. Tentatively, John smiles back.
John is evidently very serious about the therapy, which never seemed to be the case before. He has a standing appointment at 12:30 every Wednesday and as far as Sherlock is aware, he’s never missed a single one, not even in favour of a case. Initially, whenever Sherlock saw John soon after a session, John would be miserable and irritable, but that has gradually subsided and the therapy actually seems to have had an effect. Sherlock still remembers how shocked he was the first time he expected John to slam his fist on the table and shout, but he didn’t. It was only when moments like that started occurring more and more that Sherlock realised how
Sherlock frowns. She had an assistant?  “I must have deleted her.”
“You sure? We could just do this today, you know. There’s no rush.”
“It can wait,” he repeats. Besides, he’s fairly sure it’s just Irene’s reply. He changed her ring tone after the fiasco in January, but he feels no inclination to read her text in front of John.
“I was never afraid of you,” Sherlock says immediately but Irene gives him a look that clearly means she doesn’t believe a word he says.
As the physical pleasure ebbs away, though, Sherlock is hit with the vast difference between this and his encounter with John. Here he is with a man he met
He stops in his tracks when he realises there’s an obvious answer to this: he doesn’t have to let anyone do anything to him to find out. He can to that on his own. He can find new ways to touch himself, he can… buy some toys. A butt plug like Terry’s, maybe, though he should probably start with something smaller. He feels self-conscious, thinking about masturbation in the middle of the street even though there’s hardly anyone about, but he also feels himself grin. He can find out if he likes it and if he does, then he can try it with another person. This is what this time away from his life is about, after all: learning about himself and making the most of what makes him happy, however temporarily. He won’t let John deprive him of a possible source of pleasure.
“Do you want to check between my toes too?” he asks haughtily to mask any pangs of conscience he might be feeling.
Sherlock could only moan in response. It did feel good – the sensitive underside of his cock slid against John’s skin deliciously and this way he had complete control over the intensity of the friction. He let his hips thrust forward in small movements that nevertheless sent powerful waves of pleasure through his body, one after another.
“I like you, Scott,” Robert tells him seriously. “I like that you only ever want to talk about bees and that you’ve never tried to stay the night. I wouldn’t mind if we continued like this, though I don’t imagine I could keep up with you for long. But I’m not in love with you.”
“Flatmate’s at his girlfriend’s,” he says, and is that just Sherlock projecting his own feelings about flatmates having girlfriends, or is there a hint of irritation and disappointment in his voice? “No need to worry about making me scream.”
A fantasy, but his skin screams with the need for it.
, the firm grip on his hips, the painful push inside him. And all of a sudden he finds himself crying, huge, wracking sobs shaking his body, tears flowing freely down his face. He wishes John had hit him instead, punched him, kicked him. Killed him. It would be strangely fitting, he thinks, to die at John’s hand, and better than this. Better than having his feelings and his deepest wishes used as a way to punish him.
“In a way,” Sherlock says evasively, and Molly, bless her, doesn’t press for details.
“No!” Sherlock yelps, twisting himself out of John’s arms. It’s the worst outcome there could have been: John, prone to gentlemanly tendencies as always, now clearly feels the need to fight against his natural feelings – Sherlock has evidently managed to make John feel selfish for not reciprocating, enough to make him think he needs to make up for it. “You don’t have to do that!”
“It wouldn’t be like that, John, you’d have my full consent and it would be just once,” Sherlock pleaded. He could feel hysteria creeping up on him and he was no longer fully aware of what he was saying.
Sherlock has always known John is a very sexual man, but he never suspected how much. It’s so easy to turn John into a wanton, lust-driven creature: just tease his nipples with tongue and lips and fingers, stroke his cock through his pants, and John is writhing in pleasure under him, making delightful little noises that should by all rights be ridiculous but are in fact incredibly arousing, and make Sherlock fiercely proud that he’s the one who caused them.
“Yeah. You know how I… I mean, being attracted to men has always been linked to violence in my head. Whenever I imagined myself having sex with a man, it was…” he swallows, shakes his head, “not something I’d ever want to do to you. And… the therapy has helped me a lot, it really has, I haven’t felt this sort of rage in a long while, otherwise I’d never have dared start something with you. But I’m scared it’ll just… come back once we’re actually doing something, and I’ll hurt you and you’ll… let me.”
those words combined with that look made Sherlock’s entire body flush and his knees go weak. He caught John’s mouth with his again, kissing him hard, eager to earn John’s praise again.
both these things, but they pale to nothingness compared to the red hot
“All right,” Sherlock says. They smile at each other tentatively again. It should be hateful, this sort of cautious, reserved interaction, but instead Sherlock is just relieved,
John is waiting for him in the kitchen when Sherlock emerges, and Sherlock notices the tells within seconds. Posture relaxed, face reddened, breathing slightly elevated but slowing down, hands recently washed, dried with the tea towel lying crumpled on the counter, kitchen roll in a different position than it was before and at least one sheet has been torn off – but not to dry John’s hands. Belt recently refastened, since the end of it hasn’t had time to escape from the last loop. Erection – gone. The conclusion is unavoidable.
John looks up at him then, taking a deep breath. He holds Sherlock’s gaze, even though it seems to take a supreme amount of effort.
want, actually,” John mumbles. His cheeks are tinged with pink, but oddly enough, the information that Sherlock has engaged in threesomes doesn’t seem to elicit as much jealousy as the mere mention of Irene’s name.
to be known and understood. And if Patrick knows someone who might be a good fit for Sherlock when the time comes, why should he protest? He’d certainly trust Patrick’s judgment more than the algorithms of a mobile app.
But that was different. It was a case. A case could be dangerous.
“I know.”
And then he remembers the exact place he needs, a health resort in Switzerland he came across during his time away because one of Moriarty’s operatives was hiding there. He immediately likes the idea of leaving the country, of going far away from here, from his life… from John.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock forced through his teeth. “Just get on with it and fuck me!”
He sits down kitty-corner from Sherlock. “You aren’t seeing Ella anymore?”
Sherlock has turned out to be unexpectedly responsive in bed, especially when it comes to any kind of anal stimulation. He loves being fucked, loves being fingered while John sucks his cock, loves all kinds of toys. But there’s one thing John suspects Sherlock loves even more.
He cuts himself off mid-sob when he hears a noise downstairs, the front door opening and closing, and for a second he’s frozen in terror thinking it could be John coming back. But no, it’s just Mrs Hudson returning from the shops. He hears her retreat to her flat, and exhales in relief. For the first time in as long as he can remember, he wants John as far from him as possible. The feeling is so incongruent with what he’s used to that he can’t quite wrap his mind around it, and it makes him cry all the harder. It feels like something inside him has shattered beyond repair.
He finds Sherlock’s prostate on his third thrust, as evidenced by Sherlock’s loud groan. It surprises John a little – while Sherlock is often vocal in bed, he’s never been very loud. John certainly doesn’t mind the change, though – he loves hearing him.
“What kind of reward?” Sherlock asks, voice a little hoarse. No doubt he can see John’s arousal written clear across his face.
“Sherlock,” he says, gently but firmly. “I love you just as you are, you know that. I love you when you just want to cuddle and I love you when you want to fuck like rabbits, and neither of it is a hardship to me. I don’t want you to change.”
“I don’t know if you can believe it, after all that mess,” John continues gently. “But it’s true, it’s… sometimes it feels like the only true thing in the world. I’m so, so sorry it took me so long to be able to say it.”
“You like this, though,” John says after a while. “When I stroke your hair. I thought you'd find it too sentimental, but you like it. Don’t you?”
take place?” he asks.
Sherlock opens his eyes at that to look at John, and the open adoration and joy on John’s face send a different kind of pleasure through him.
“Let me,” John said softly and took it from him, but he didn’t open it yet. Instead, he sought out Sherlock’s eyes, looking at him intently.
“Sherlock, love, d’you need me to be on top…?” John offers, because he doesn’t think Sherlock can keep it up for much longer, but Sherlock shakes his head vehemently.
”  Sherlock’s cock twitches under John’s sole as he comes, thrusting frantically.
“Hmm, I think so too, it would be great fun.” Sherlock glances at the clock. John will be here soon. “But now, I think it’s time for lunch, don’t you? I’m afraid your father insists on regular meal times; when you’re older you should fight him on it, it’s ridiculous.”
“No,” Molly says and suddenly looks extremely uncomfortable. “He’s… gone away, John. I don’t know where, but he left in a hurry and I don’t think he’ll be back anytime soon, because he asked me to dispose of any body parts he had in the fridge.” She gestures to a large travel cooler at her feet, her face pinched as if in pain.
Sherlock nodded and buried his face in John’s neck, breathing in his scent, letting it anchor him.
, John,” Sherlock complains.
And then his hand dipped lower, brushing the dark curls and then landing on Sherlock’s length lightly, wrapping around it.
Sherlock can almost physically feel all his hopes crashing down. Today is clearly a bad day. There aren’t any
be happy, knowing? Could John be happy if Sherlock did fall in love with someone else, or would that just inspire… more unjustified rage?
“You’re amazing. Your mouth is to
Sherlock shakes his head. “But we have to talk about it, don’t we? We can never get past this unless we talk about it.”
“I suppose your wife prefers it that way,” Sherlock says, determined to keep the focus away from himself for as long as he can.
When Robert begins moving, it’s not fucking. It’s not thrusting or taking, it’s just minute rocks of his hips that must be barely perceptible from the outside, but inside –
John just looks at him and then nods. “I hope… I hope you can believe me that I wish you the best.”
“Irene thinks that you were in love with me,” Sherlock says, the words leaving him in a rush, sounding completely implausible, yet full of hope. “Back then. I want to know if she’s right. The truth, John.”
that.
and then Sherlock is
within easy access… just in case.
“Sorry! I didn’t mean to startle you. Um, is Sherlock here?” he asks, but he already has a feeling that he isn’t – there seems to be something missing from the flat.
“There’s no case,” Sherlock says before John can even open his mouth to say hello, and John falters in his tracks.
He reaches for his phone and types:
“I’d… I’d like to avoid any kind of penetration for now,” he said eventually, because that was clear. There was something deeply intimate about having a part John inside him, and he craved that level of intimacy but also knew he wasn’t quite ready for it yet. “It’s not that it’s unappealing, just… too intense.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says quickly. It’s true, really – all through the proceedings he’s only been half-erect at best, his nerves and discomfort stifling any arousal he might otherwise have felt.
It was time.
John pressed a gentle kiss to his lips. “Just try to relax. Everything will be fine, we can stop at any time. If there’s anything you need, just tell me.”
“Sherlock,” John said and touched Sherlock’s chin lightly to make Sherlock look up at him. “I love you. I promise I’ll take better care of you next time, but I need you to tell me if something’s wrong. Anything at all. Can you do that? Will you tell me?” John’s eyes were earnest, his tone gentle but uncompromising. Sherlock couldn’t refuse him anything.
“I intend to,” he promises, “but I have to… I’m sorry, I have to ask—“
“John,” he breathes against John’s ear, a needy little sound, and John can feel his erection pressing to the small of his back. “Will you really—will you let me…?”
. John groans loudly, and then they’re moving together, their hands stroking in unison, sighing into each other’s mouth, wrapped up in exquisite pleasure that’s theirs, shared, and they’re together.
“Why didn’t you just hit me?” he asks, and he realises suddenly that he’s fighting back tears. He cannot bear to look at John. “Why did you have to… why not just hit me?”
There was no way Sherlock could avoid failing John, was there? Either he wouldn’t manage to go through with it, or he would, but if then John found out how Sherlock had felt about it, he would be incredibly disappointed. John would never willingly have sex with someone who was less than 100% certain they wanted it.
He’s utterly gorgeous like this, drenched in sweat and fucking himself on John’s cock with abandon. John places his hands on Sherlock’s hips as Sherlock starts moving up and down, and he feels Sherlock’s entire body quiver with exertion. Feeling a sudden need to hug him, John sits up, careful not to disengage them, and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock feels himself blush even though she’s not strictly speaking right – the man in question isn’t young, he’s a good ten years older than Sherlock, and Sherlock’s not thinking about him as much as about what particular acts he’d like to engage in with him – which is, all things considered, even more reason to blush, because there’s no way he can tell a kindly lady who’s old enough to be his mother that he’s thinking about the receiving role in anal sex in very explicit detail.
“Yeah, I can imagine you did,” John sighs. He seems rather rattled by the news. Sherlock can clearly see his internal battle, trying to decide whether he should ask for more details. John has always been… weird about the idea of Sherlock and love, Sherlock and sex (but then again, Sherlock used to be weird about it, too), and recent events obviously haven’t improved matters. John clears his throat awkwardly. “And now? Is… is someone being kind to you now?” he asks, even though he doesn’t seem to particularly want to hear the answer.
The objection dies on his tongue.
But he doesn’t say any of it, because he can tell that if he interrupted now, Sherlock would never continue.
Immediately, John’s posture relaxes. He glances at Sherlock and scratches the back of his neck awkwardly. “Oh.”
John’s slick index finger pressed against the tight ring of muscle, teasing it lightly, and Sherlock’s entire body shuddered. He wanted it, he did, but it was so utterly overwhelming. He clutched the pillow tighter. For John. If John was with a woman, he wouldn’t have to go through this waste of time at all, so the least Sherlock could do was try not to make it last longer than necessary. He forced his pelvic muscles to relax.
Sherlock sat on the couch, as he often did when he was bored. John was currently making tea in the kitchen. It was a Sunday. A holy day, in most Catholic societies. However, neither John nor Sherlock were religious. At all. Thus, when John finally sat down next to Sherlock with his cup, the first thing he suggested was to turn on the telly. Although Sherlock thought it was incredibly dull, it was really the only thing that they could do.
Jen sighed and fell silent. She knew where Mycroft was coming from, and even agreed with him on some level but she didn’t need Sherly to be angry with her, too.
Limping over warily, he removed the piece of paper from it. On the front it merely said
Jen just laughed and kissed him again.
Jen sighed. “Are you sure he just doesn’t want your help because he misses you? Or maybe because he won’t pay our bills forever, so you need a real job?”
She led Jen to the living room and sat on the couch. Jen sat next to her, reaching over to grab the remote. She flicked on the telly and began flipping through the channels settling on something she knew Sherly could tolerate. She set the remote aside again and settled back against Sherly.
“Who’s this?” He asked, alreading knowing part of the answer.
“You could. For the sake of science.”
Sherlock returns, too late to stop him. character death by suicide.
He had been gone too long.
“Like what?”
fem!John. Sherlock gets bored and decides to sew his fingers together.
Jen’s fingers had knotted themselves in Sherly’s jacket, holding them together. She had thought that if Sherly died, it would be easy to move on, but this - this had been a
“It was selfish of you to start using again!” John replied indignatly.
Jen was methodically scrubbing the smell of chlorine from her skin and hair. She wanted to forget about having been at the pool and strapped to a bomb. She wanted to forget about how Jim had pointed his gun at Sherly with his finger on the trigger, prepared to shoot her without a second thought. Jen knew that he would have done it, too. Swearing, she scrubbed harder, not wanted to think of it ever again.
Closing his eyes to the world one last time, John knew that he was going to go down with this building, and he wouldn’t settle for anything less than that. He had everything that was important, and he was ready to find out if he would get to see Sherlock again.
Sherlock watches John sleep in the name of science
“Yes.”
When the smell of chlorine was gone from her skin and it had been rubbed raw by her scrubbing, Jen turned the water off and stepped out of the shower. She dried off and emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel. She slipped back to the bedroom and spotted Sherly lying on the bed. “Your turn,” Jen said, jolting Sherly from her thoughts.
“You don’t need to tell me that.” Sherly was already painfully aware that Moriarty knew he could use Jen against her.
“I-” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “What?”
Sherly was watching her with a knowing expression. “Try to stay awake…” she murmured, stroking Jen’s spine. She kissed Jen’s forehead, trying to calm the shaking woman.
“He’s your son.” Jen added quietly.
Sherly pushed Jen back into the wall, pressing her lips to Jen’s in a gentler manner than the previous motion had suggested. Jen slipped her arms around Sherly’s waist, holding her there. It was probably only a couple of minutes before Lestrade would call upon them to ask about their part in the explosion, but right now they were a bit too consumed with each other. Near death experiences tended to have that effect.
Sherly kissed the top of Jen’s head and pulled her close. They stayed that way until there was a knock on the door.
“I’ve brought someone home with me.”
After a few minutes, when she was calmer, Jen said, “We’ll have to sleep sometime.”
“Hm?” The consulting detective replied, not looking up from his experiment.
“Selfish.”
Sherly wrapped her arms around Jen and held her close. The last thing she wanted was to upset the doctor; Jen was one of two people in the world who had never forced her to be someone she wasn’t. Jen rested her head on Sherly’s shoulder and allowed herself to be held, grateful that the subject had been dropped. She didn’t want to fight with Sherly any more than she wanted Sherly to accuse her of something that wasn’t true.
“Who?” He still didn’t look up.
“I hadn’t intended to, but we can if you like.” Sherly replied. Jen shrugged.
Jen’s frown deepened. “I think that’s his way of showing that he cares.”
“An experiment,” John repeated, “that involves hanging off my windowsill? Are you trying to see if you can be Spiderman?”
Sherly huffed. “If you were so against it, you and your team would have been there.”
“It’s an experiment,” Sherlock retorted, brushing himself off.
She and Sherlock would have things to talk about later, but for now, it looked like things just might work out.
Morning came. No one searched the building before knocking it to the ground. However, the spot where Sherlock and John’s old bedroom used to be would not come down, and they had no choice but to leave it there. The former room was empty, and the rubble contained no traces of John, the urn, or any of the other four items John had brought…
Sherlock had sent John out to fetch more milk and jam. He was currently sitting on the couch, hands steepled, trying to figure out where it was all going. Neither himself nor John sleepwalked, and they certainly didn’t just go through gallons of milk and jars of jam this fast. It simply wasn’t possible given the number of hours they each spent at the flat. Sherlock would have known if Mrs. Hudson had borrowed some as well, and no one but John and himself had been here. It was certainly odd… they couldn’t just get up and walk away…
Sherly pressed her lips together. “He doesn’t care that I don’t want to be who he wants me to be.”
John raised an eyebrow and wondered what exactly was so excellent about that when the consulting detective turned around and kissed him full on the mouth.
Post Great Game. Implied Shwatsonlock. John hated a lot of things that happened after the incident at the pool, but there was one that he hated so much more than the others...
“Maybe he just wants to talk to you.”
One day after the jam jar had been mysteriously emptied and John had to go out and get some more, he returned to find the skull strangely missing. When John asked Sherlock where it had gone, Sherlock claimed that the thing had a mind of its own and probably was talking with Mrs. Hudson. John had given Sherlock a strange look and went about his business.
“Then we won’t do anything.” Sherly sat on the bed beside Jen and slipped an arm around the doctor’s waist. Jen leaned over and rested her head on Sherly’s shoulder.
death experience – and she had been so afraid that the consulting detective was never going to be able to hold her again. Jen was shaking slightly and, unbeknownst to her, a single tear slid down her cheek.
Sherlock was sitting on the couch watching John. He was having the army doctor clean out the lower cabinets. Well, if they were being honest, John has stumbled across the old experiments and was now bent over trying to clean them out. Enjoying the view was a good cure for Sherlock’s boredom.
“You were gone all the time. I-”
John sat in silence outside the room at the rehabilitation centre. Sherlock wouldn’t let him in, because the consulting detective knew that the only reason he was in here was because John had told Mycroft that he was using again. John only wanted Sherlock to get better. He didn’t want to come home and find him after ODing. Not when he loved Sherlock so much. He wasn’t himself, and he was never home. John hadn’t known what else to do but ask Mycroft for help.
John hailed a cab and went back to his small flat. He knew what he had to do.
“I could not.”
When John came and picked him up the day he was released, Sherlock refused his hug. They rode in the cab in silence and climbed the steps to 221B in the same manner.
Everyday when John would come home from work, the skull would be in a different place than it had been when he had left. At first, he thought it was Sherlock just moving it around, but when Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson went away for a few days, it kept moving. It appeared to have its destination set for John’s room, but every time the skull got close (usually when it was outside the doorway of his room), John would place it back on the mantle.
She bit her lip. “Sherlock…”
“What do you mean?”
“You could sit in my room and do that.”
He had so many new positions he wanted to try…
The consulting detective scowled. “You didn’t have to say it.”
Jen looked over Sherly’s shoulder and read her correspondence. She signed internally. It made her sad, that Sherly continually pushed her brother away. Jen understood that siblings didn’t get along all the time from experience. She wasn’t always happy with Harry either, but at the same time her sister had been and currently was one of the most important people in her life.
From Jen’s position on Sherly’s shoulder she could faintly hear the detective’s heartbeat. It was comforting to know that she was still there, even though she was quite warm. It was making her sleepy.
They broke apart for air after a few minutes. Sherly rested their foreheads together, her eyes closed. She concentrated on the sound of Jen’s breath and her scent: tea and clean bedsheets mixed with chlorine and fear. Jen watched Sherly’s face, memorizing the details she had never noticed before.
Sherly watched Jen think and drew conclusions about what was going through the doctor’s head from the expression on her face. After a few minutes Sherly accused, “You think I should care about Mycroft more.”
Sherly finished eating and then set her empty plate aside and wrapped both arms around Jen’s waist gentle. Jen rested her head on Sherly’s shoulder as she finished her food. The banal noise of the telly provided only a tiny annoyance to Sherly, but she was more focused on Jen’s presence. She was engrossed in memorizing the smell of Jen’s hair, and the warmth that radiated from her skin. Jen lay her legs across Sherly’s, allowing herself to relax and letting her mind wander while watching the telly.
Three years. Three years since John had been happy. Three years since Sherlock had died. Everyday was hard; he didn’t know how much longer he could go on like this. Even the most trivial thing upset him. He was done crying. He was done not feeling. This was what brought John to the roof of Saint Bart’s.
“That’s different,” Sherly replied indignantly.
“And maybe Mycroft feels it’s necessary so that he knows you’re okay.”
“That doesn’t make it all right! I’m not someone who can go get a regular job and keep it, but Mycroft is trying to change that!”
Jen gave a nod, still clinging to the consulting detective. She would have closed her eyes, but she knew that the scene from the pool would be staring at her from the back of her eyelids. Instead, Jen kept them open and leaned against Sherly, inhaling her scent deeply as if to reassure herself that Sherly was still alive. “I love you, Sherly…” she whispered.
was the one being immature in this situation, but Mycroft had disconnected the phone before he could argue his point. Deciding to experiment, he pulled a needle out of a drawer and went to the kitchen to get some string.
Sherly listened to Jen’s breathing as she slept, and she knew she should sleep as well, but it was impossible. Various bruises and cuts from the explosion were beginning to ache, but Sherly ignored them. She kept staring at the wall, almost unblinkingly.
John had a feeling that Sherlock was not going to like this at all. But there had been no one else at the clinic who wanted to claim the baby. It had just been left on the counter at the nurse’s station. The army doctor wasn’t just going to leave the young girl there. Then she would have gone to some adoption centre and who knows what would have happened after that.
Sherly showered quickly and re-entered the bedroom, having run out of hot water. She pulled on her own pyjamas and looked up to find Jen watching her. “What?” Sherly asked.
“It’s all right.”
“Nice to meet you, Desmond.” He said, putting on a smile.
“How do you mean?”
Desmond let go of his mother’s hand and came over to Sherlock, wanting to inspect the violin. Sherlock welcomed him to touch it and Jen sat down.
“It was self-defense. Moriarty would have killed Jen and me if I hadn’t shot the bomb. Which Jen had been wearing shortly before.”
The sound of sirens blared through Sherly’s phone and Lestrade said over them, “I need to get this cleaned up. I’ll call you if we find anything.”
Jen’s frown deepened again. “He tries to help you.”
“He wants me to help him with his tedious government work. He only wants to use me to advance his career and solve things that he’s too stupid to.”
“If he actually cared, he would learn to trust me, which he hasn’t.”
Sherly shook her head. “He meddles where he isn’t wanted.”
John drained the glass. Every time he thought of Sherlock, he thought of the look he'd been given before Sherlock shot the bomb. He hated remembering it. He hated knowing that Sherlock probably knew what was going to happen. He hated that he was now in a wheelchair even more.
The baby looked adorable, swaddled in the blanket and held carefully in John’s arms. His eyes flicked up to look into John’s. He could see that John wanted this, and although he had at least three reasons to object, he leaned in and placed a light kiss on John’s lips.
He was standing there, in the same place that Sherlock had, looking down at the cars and people passing by. He didn’t know any of them and they didn’t know him. There were few people left who really knew him; Sherlock and Harry were dead. He didn’t talk to Lestrade or Molly anymore. Mrs Hudson was never quite as happy after Sherlock died. There was nothing left for him.
“He cares about his husband and kids, why can’t he care about you?”
Sherlock sat down on the couch and John sat next to him.
Lestrade sighed. “I should have guessed. You know that was public property, you could be arrested for this.”
John finally lay down in his bed after a long day of chasing after Sherlock. He closed his eyes, reveling in the softness of his mattress when he heard a noise at his window. He ignored it, trying to fall asleep, but a loud thump and swear followed soon after. John got up and opened the curtains, squinting as he looked out onto the dimly lit street. He soon realized that the source of the noise was none other than Sherlock, hanging onto his windowsill. John sighed and opened the window for Sherlock, letting the detective clamber in.
She shrugged.  “I dunno… I just thought you would actually be doing things today, is all.”
Jen gave a small nod, wrapping her arms around the consulting detective. Sherly let out a soft exhale that could’ve been taken as a sigh of relief. She didn’t like fighting with Jen. The doctor kissed the top of her head and Sherly made a small hum of approval in response. She kissed Jen’s cheek softly, making sure the doctor knew she was forgiven.
“You’re the one who does the shopping.”
“And do what?” Jen asked. She couldn’t see the point when while lying here she could hold onto Sherly for reassurance.
Mycroft sighed and folded his umbrella, leaning on it instead. It took a half an hour before his mother called him back inside to tell him that his father wasn’t coming to get him. Ever.
“The science of reactions?”
“Well… I suppose we could have pasta.”
Sherly took Jen’s hair down from its unruly ponytail and carefully began stroking through it. Jen’s muscles slowly lost some of their tension as Sherly worked knots out of her hair. She focused on the feeling of the long, dexterous fingers touching her scalp and the scent filling her nostrils.
“I just think your brother cares for you, and you shouldn’t shut him out.”
Sherly sighed after half a minute of silence. “I’m sorry. I’m angry with him, not you.”
Jen slowly calmed down and came to lean heavily on Sherly, completely exhausted from the stress overload.
He took a deep breath and told himself that he’d be able to meet Sherlock again; hear his voice and know it wasn’t just in his head. Closing his eyes, John spread his arms. As he fell forward, he thought he heard Sherlock’s voice shout his name. He dismissed it, and soon the ground took away his thoughts with a sickening crunch.
John has told Mycroft that Sherlock is back on drugs, and Sherlock is sent to rehab. However, he views John's actions as selfish.
As the consulting detective watched the old experiments get thrown away, he was looking forward to the new ones he would soon be conducting… the only difference was that these would be in the bedroom. With John.
“What are you doing?” John asked, crossing his arms.
“Hmph.”
“Right,” Sherly said sitting up, not failing to notice the redness of Jen’s skin. She frowned a bit but let her silence convey her understanding.
John sighed. He hoped Sherlock would come to forgive him, but knew that it wouldn’t be soon….
“He could find less irritating ways to do it.”
He opened it and held the paper close to his face because he didn’t have his reading glasses handy. Reading it revealed the cryptic message:
“Hn.” Sherlock replied, tugging at the string.
“You brought home a baby.”
Sherlock simply smiled and said that one of the boys reminded him of his version of a younger John. He then got up and went to the kitchen, leaving a blushing John on the couch
However, guilt had gotten the better of her, and she had decided to return to 221B. She was using her cane again, and a small boy held her other hand.
“For science?”
He got out of the cab and walked into 221B after paying the cabbie. The doctor took special care to shield the baby from the cold air. He went upstairs and found Sherlock fiddling with Petri dishes and chemicals in the kitchen.
“I love you, too,” Sherly murmured. Jen nodded again and buried her face against Sherly’s shoulder. The detective held her patiently and waited for her shaking to subside.
“No, it’s really the same thing, you only think it’s different because you don’t know them.”
Careful not to drop to skull, John carried his two items into the kitchen and set them on the counter. Looking up towards his next destination, the fridge, he noticed a cylinder sitting innocently on the counter with a piece of paper attached to it.
Sherlock smirked and left the room, knowing that John would be able to resist following him to ask more questions about his little
, he thought but didn't not dare to say.
,” he groans, casting his graveled voice up to the ceiling. “That was close.”
“Bed it is.”
John reached down between them, fingers skidding over sweat-damp skin. Sherlock sucked in a breath, tensed his stomach in anticipation. With a smile, John let his fingers dance along the edge of Sherlock’s pubic hair—teasing at the trimmed bush. He slipped his hand down the crease of pelvis and thigh and squeezed the tendon. Then trailed back up to the divot of his navel, just above the wet tip of Sherlock’s hard prick.
Sherlock nuzzled behind the hinge of John’s jaw, feeling the tickle of soft hair again his skin. “Do you enjoy it?”
John shrugged. “Different strokes for different folks. Literally in this case.”
His voice dies in his throats and his brows furrow, the skin above his nose pleating as deep as the
“I, uh. . .” Sherlock doesn't know what to say. He's only been in this kind of situation a handful of times, he isn't sure what he's supposed to do. He wants to close the distance, press their mouths together. Taste John. But that seems a bit presumptuous. He's a guest after all. Maybe it would be better to wait for John to—
“That’s perfect.”
John pulls his hand out, pushes the jeans down and out of the way. He makes a low, gravelly sound in the back of his throat. It sounds raw. Possessive. Sherlock's cock flexes in the confines of his black briefs.
“Omigod. Right. Listen, whatever you do, you must keep it brief. Don’t say anything outlandish. Make it sound like I was some type of scoundrel, but nothing too terrible, and that Mary thought better of it. Okay? Do you have that?”
Without preamble or warning, I sat bolt upright, as if a string from the heavens attached to the top of my head was suddenly yanked up, and my shaking body with it.
So sexy..so hot…
Once in the cab, I checked my phone. John had texted and my tears started again, anticipating the pain of our conversation. I decided to start by playing it cool
The sound of phone coming to life. Pause. Pause.
“Thank God you kissed back,” he whispered, his breath ghosting the shell of my ear.
“Jesus, Sherlock..” John panted
Heart rate increasing.
I presume desire was written all over my face, and my hands itched to touch him, stroking, caressing, what was “mine.” My breath became ragged.
He reached below me and gently fondled my bollux and he leaned into my neck, and gently bit down. “Fuck…fuck…Sherlock..” I cried out.
Stag night! What a bizarre idea, One night when the groom ran amok, aided and abetted by his mates, to what? shag prostitutes? dance on tables with lampshades on his head? sew the last wild oats before supposedly settling down with his virginal wife? What did that say about the state of marriage in our culture? Commitment? ….
He embraced me again and began to cry softly. I felt so close to him, but suddenly felt an overwhelming burst of fatigue. On a good day, I can get pretty sleepy after a good orgasm. On a terrible day, after a monumental orgasm, well, I’m pretty much done in.
Only Lestrade seemed to reflect the true state we were in. He rolled his eyes and groaned. “Sherlock, what’s that thing John is always saying to you? ‘Timing…’ right, Sherlock? Timing”
He drew back from me, panting and pulled my head into his shoulder. “You’re all I want…” he said breathlessly, passionately kissing my neck, my jaw, the side of my face. He started to take off my coat. “Clothes. Off ” he ground out, seemingly offended by the fabric between us.
And then…
And then….
I shouted to myself.
Of course, he and Mary had been busy reassuring me that nothing would change, and that we’d go on as some merry threesome, John and I enjoying saving the world as we chased criminals up and down the streets of London, and he and Mary apparently building a life happily ever after. Nothing sounded worse to me.
"Sherlock,” John gasped, “Oh. God. Yes” punctuating each word with a groan deep in his throat. Six days into this. This was the fifth time they’d had intercourse, the second time he’d bottomed, the fourteenth time they’d shared orgasms, and the thousandth time he’d thought about kissing Sherlock. But who was counting?
At that, I knew all was lost. I knew of course this is what would happen, that John would count on me to do the right thing, forget about our night of passion, reboot the program that got interrupted. I held the phone away from my mouth and sobbed quietly. “Right,” I continued. “I figured you’d want to get on with…”
Sherlock, staring intently at John, when he wasn’t moaning his name into his ear, or kissing his temple, noticed immediately. His face clouded, his rhythm slowed. “What?” he asked.
The wall I’d been constructing on and off for years between us, between myself and the rest of the world, my artfully arranged facade, it all came down, and I joined my brave soldier in his apparent mission: honesty.
“You can’t stop me,” John said in a teasing voice, rolling Sherlock onto his back and kissing his forehead. “You can’t. I’ll ask her myself when we get there, and she will say yes.” John was positively gleeful and it was Sherlock’s turn to roll his eyes.
But the ratio of my ability to pretend to my growing sadness was shifting, my protective barrier wearing thin, the despair inflating like a suffocating bubble around me, cracking through the smile I kept trying to paste on.
Its another thing entirely to be completely awake to what’s happening, clear eyed, grounded in your body, even while its being dissolved by arousal. To be entirely on line, mind, body, soul, and to reach out desperately for another, wind yourself around him, a kind of certainty nodding in the back of your head:
His eyes, the pupils blown wide; he looked overwhelmed with desire, a little delirious, as if he weren’t quite here all the way. HIs brow furrowed slightly and he nodded. He gently rolled me onto my back and took both of my hands pinning them above my head. He lay on top of me, between my legs, raising himself slightly off of me with the other arm, and looked deeply into my eyes, kissing my forehead, my jaw, the bridge of my nose. “So beautiful…” he sighed between kisses. “So beautiful…”
Mrs. Hudson, bless her, helped out. She gasped and grinned, the light of understanding dawning in her eyes. The corner of my mouth upturned slightly, and I stared at her, blushing. “Oh Sherlock!” she exclaimed, practically doing a little dance.
I did not remember exactly what happened last night. I did not know when my feelings for Sherlock had started, and I had no idea where they were going. I had no idea how I was going to unwind the knot I tied us all up in, but I knew this: if he were here right now, there was no force on the earth that would have stopped me from making love to him. Tenderly, passionately, desperately, violently, any and all of that, would be between us, right now, and I could imagine nothing, not police pounding up the stairs, not Mrs Hudson crying in the sitting room, not my fiancee waiting in the hallway, nothing, nothing would be stopping me from that.
John, John…” He put one hand on my hip and began undulating with me.
So, as I said, my first problem: only realizing that I was madly in love with my flatmate when I was half a world away, and he thought I was dead.
…” John’s mind shouted, but his mouth (thank you very much) stayed shut. As long as his mind was having a go, he let it run.“
“Wait,” Sherlock said, pondering, unaware of the effect he was having on John. “Where’s my Grey’s Anatomy? Where is it?” he asked himself wandering thoughtfully to a stack of books on the floor.
My breath hitching I asked, “John….what are you saying? You’re scaring me…”
And now, here we were, at the start of this ridiculous ritual of the bachelor’s night out before the big day, one last hurrah before getting tied down.
An hour passed. Pacing back and forth, I grabbed the phone. Nothing. Not a beep, not a sound from the thing. No word from John. I turned it off and on. Re-booting was an essential function for computers, I reminded myself. Surely when the damn thing woke back up, it would find a text from John and I could start breathing again.
That’s all it takes.
I stretch out my hand, gesturing to the alley and the busy street beyond. “Shall we?”
John was on the edge of giving in, resignation telegraphed in the flutter of his eyelids. He sighed and shifted, wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s back and guided him down to lay his head in John’s lap. It was a bit awkward, the back seat of the cab not really giving Sherlock adequate room to stretch out. But, like any good kitty, Sherlock was adept at making himself fit into small spaces.
“What do I do when you come? Leave it in or pull it out?” Sherlock gripped him a fraction tighter, careful not to pinch.
“John.” It’s supposed to be an admonishment, but it comes out too low and breathy.
“You know I enjoy what we do in the bedroom,” John said, several silent minutes into the cab ride, and a flood of relief washed over Sherlock—the tension had been growing a bit thick. “But I would prefer to keep it, ya know, in the bedroom.”
“No? Because John’s told me you're pretty good in first position.”
He’s drinking from me like a man lost in the desert and I'm an oasis. He makes soft suckling sounds that are wonderfully lewd in combination with the chorus of our moans. I card my fingers through his short silver-blond hair and he lifts his gaze to meet mine. The look we share says
John pulled his fingers out and fumbled for a moment as he tried to position himself. Sherlock shifted up, giving John room to take himself in hand—to rub the tip of his cock indecently from taint to tailbone before finding the readied divot of Sherlock's entrance.
“Nope.”
John smiled, but didn't pull his hand back. "Just a little top up, buttercup."
John leans an elbow on the table, rests his cheek on his fist. “How’d you manage that?”
A mixture of arousal and shame bloomed in Sherlock's gut. His cock gave an eager twitch. "I. . . Oh, Christ, John. . ."
Eventually John’s hand had found its way between Sherlock’s legs, stroking his cock and cradling his balls and exploring between his cheeks. When Sherlock had started to squirm—had started to rut against whatever he could find—John had broken out the lube and begun to pet him with much more intent.
His hands come up to my hips, his palms smoothing over my arse as I rock him in and out of my body. He starts to move, catching my rhythm and spiking up in time. The tempo quickly gets away from us. Faster and faster still, until our kisses turn into the blur of mouths and exchange of panting breaths.
Sherlock spun around, then winced as his bladder gave a sharp twinge. John stood in the doorway to the hall, wrapped in his tartan bathrobe, feet bare and crossed at the ankles as he leaned casually against the jamb. He had a glass of water in his hand and a glint of mischief in his eyes.
He’s draped over John’s back, panting against his nape. His voice is deep, velvet and sin against the shell of John’s ear. “Yes, John. Oh… Christ that’s good. Gonna come in you. So deep inside you. Would you like that? Would you like me to paint your insides with my come?”
He resurfaced and looked speculatively at John. “Have you ever tried it?”
Sherlock halted in his examination, his focus now on John. He stood and stepped over the body, stalking toward the aquarium. “Say that again.”
I hear him hum in appreciation—feel the rumble of it under my skin. The smear of his mouth over the curve of my arse is only warning I get before the flat of his tongue lapping against my hole. Pure fucking bliss. I dig my fingers into the sheets and cant my hips even higher.
. Would Sherlock fist him? Would he even want that? He thinks about Sherlock snapping on a black nitrile glove and lubing his hand up until he’s glistening to the wrist…
At last, John sniffed and shrugged and reached back to pull off his shirt. Next came shoes, socks, and denims. He stood before Sherlock in nothing but navy blue briefs—hands on his hips and brow raised expectantly. “Well?”
But nothing between them can remain slow and sweet. Nothing can remain delicate when the passion between them is stoked.
John smiles down at me—sated, soft, and radiant. He taps the phone, hands it back to me. I take it, start to slip it into my front pocket, then think better of it and slide it into the back.
So full.
“No sign of forced entry,” Lestrade continued. “But that doesn't look like a natural death. We’re thinking poison.”
I can feel a growing bulge beneath my arse and I've got an answering hardness in my pants. I shift, sliding my arse back and forth against his burgeoning erection. His big hands find my hips, encircle me, and guide me into a more deliberate motion. We refine the movement—him rocking up and me grinding back down—until I'm ostensibly riding his cock.
With a frustrated groan, Sherlock finally relents. His grip loosens and I slide down, planting my feet on the hardwood floor. I have to take a moment to steady myself. My heart is hammering and I feel light headed—all the blood in my body currently trapped in my throbbing prick.
And so, John is now on his knees, head hanging between his shoulders, as he fucks back onto Sherlock’s fat prick and the thumbs pressed against either side of his greedy hole. It’s an exquisite fullness, like nothing he’s ever felt before. He’d almost be embarrassed by how much he loves it, if it didn’t make his eyes roll back in his head and his toes curl. He’d never really thought of himself as a size queen, but now he’s seriously reconsidering. He’s wondering how much more he could take.
“Come along, John,” he called out, tilting his head toward the door.
His body is alight with the sensation of smooth fingers and soft lips and rough stubble. He bites back a cry, moans for John to take him, please, fuck him.
Even his voice has taken on a different timbre. It's low and teasing. Flirtatious.
“I feel like a fucking reprobate,” John says as he slips into a seat at the high top table tucked into the far corner of the cafe. His voice is quiet, speaking to me via the in-line microphone on his ear buds.
“Don't be childish. It's a nasty habit and you were raised better.”
A little under an hour later Sherlock came to truly appreciate John’s unique brand of creativity. He was sprawled, face down and arse up, over John's lap, and the chime of his bell now a welcome sound—ringing out in time with the rhythmic jolt of his body—as John worked three fingers in and out of Sherlock’s hole. Patient and precise, John made sure to brush over Sherlock’s prostate with each careful stroke.
“—lock? Sherlock?” John’s soft voice drifted through the post-orgasmic haze. “Sherlock, you're heavy.”
Sherlock’s phone buzzed.
But, oh.
Sherlock counted the steady heartbeats—two, three, four—as John stared at him, expression inscrutable. Sherlock found himself inexplicably worried, afraid that John would say no, or worse, take offense and leave. If he’d had a pulse, he was sure it'd be racing.
“What am I doing with this?” He asks, as if it isn’t glaringly obvious.
John stood, tried to redirect. “I think you're right. Could definitely be poison. He's got punctures on his hand, could be injection sites.”
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John blushes more, cheeks staining an attractive shade of crimson. “Embarrassing. I felt like everyone could see everything.”
John pulls back to lap his tongue over what Sherlock imagines must be an impressive bruise. He runs his open mouth over the tender flesh and murmurs, “You like that?”
“None.” Sherlock answers, then pauses to consider. “I have started two chemical fires, and there was one incident with a Bunsen burner that could have gotten a little explosive. . .”
Snapping back to the present, Sherlock feigns ignorance. “Run me through it one more time?”
“Mmmm. Yeah. Just like that. God, I love your thick cock—” A woman walks behind me, her shopping bag bumping up against the back of my chair. I hold my breath and wait for her to pass. One more heartbeat, then I continue. “Love it when you shove it down my throat 'til I can't breath. Love it when you're thrusting it deep in my arse.”
I close my eyes tight, see starbursts bloom and fade. I rock harder, faster. Desperate.
John scooted back and Sherlock lifted his head, eyes bright with understanding. John pulled against the flex of Sherlock’s cock until in pointed lewdly at the ceiling. He leaned down, eyes locked onto Sherlock's—a steady gaze that said ’
And my heart ached and my cock twitched and I knew we had much more to discover.
He stops, two fingers plugging me deep. “All right?”
I give him a wink and head off towards the road. He sputters behind me, calls me a lunatic, and swears in no uncertain terms that he will not be doing anything like this again.
“Oh, God,” he murmurs into my skin.
“I didn't need an organic chemistry tutor, John. In fact, I passed that class last semester with one hundred and two percent. I'm sorry I lied—”
“Christ the things you do to me,” John said, his voice rough over the slick pump of his fist on his own cock. “Been waiting for you all day. So horny I nearly tossed off half a dozen times. Had to. . . Had to do the shopping just to keep from putting my hands down my pants. Mmm—still didn’t work though. Nearly brought myself off in the shower while I was getting ready. Just thinking about you. Desperate. Ah—are you desperate, Sherlock?”
Sherlock sniffed. “You also don't seem to mind going to your knees in the foyer. Or when I pull you off in the occasional supply closet.”
“Now stop.” John reinforced the command with a firm squeeze. It took no small amount of effort, but Sherlock managed to stem the flow to a trickle, then—with a whine of displeasure—he stopped entirely.
Sherlock took a deep breath, cleared the bramble of thoughts and images cluttering his mind, and let his deductions fly. The man on the floor huffed and wriggled in his cuffs as Sherlock highlighted his motive: jealousy over a denied promotion; means: the illegal balisong knife found with the body; and opportunity: the sparsely lit car park around the corner from the victim’s 24-hour gym.
“Yes,” John sighed, eyes fluttering in relief.
“So good.” He licks again. “Warm and thick and sweet.”
Like a whisper in the dark, Sherlock slipped down John's body—spread his knees apart and settled between them. He ran his hands up John's trembling legs, caressing pale, smooth inner thighs. Sherlock's thumb swept across the tender skin over and over, until John was flexing and straining under his touch.
“But?” Sherlock prompted.
“Fuck,” he says, more alert now. “All right. Just give me a moment to. . . erm, calm down.”
He went to the bedroom, dropping his dressing gown, pajama bottoms, and t-shirt along the way—a suggestive trail of breadcrumbs for John to follow upon his return. From the bedside table he’d pulled out a large, flat, velvet box—the sort that might hold a bejeweled necklace. But instead of diamonds or pearls or rubies, it contained a headband. It was black satin, smooth and lustrous, and perched at the top were two soft, pointed ears.
John’s breath catches, his fingers flex. “Fuck yeah.”
An accident turns into an experiment that leaves John more irritated than aroused. Now Sherlock has to prove he can be a good kitty.
There’s a graveled yeah whispered against his arsehole, then John pulls back, grabs Sherlock’s hips and lowers and tilts his until the angle is just right. He already slicked up when he pushes his fat cock in—one smooth thrust that buries him to the hilt. He rocks his hips, stirs his cock deep, and slowly pulls out. He growls, tells Sherlock he’s quite a sight stretched around him. Then presses in again.
“Relationship?”
Sherlock had turned to the man, a terse
He rubs his thumb and index finger just behind the head and I can see the outline of the flaring crest perfectly. Absolutely delectable. I wish is could slide under his table and swallow him down. But that may be just a tad too conspicuous.
“Hmmm,” John agrees. Then reconsiders. “Bath.”
“You’re leaking,” I murmur, too enraptured by the sight to chastise myself for staying the obvious.
Sherlock smiled, slow and salacious. “I want to give you the full experience.”
He takes the hint.
John swiped through the mess on my stomach, gathering another milky smear, and brought it to his own mouth. His eyes fluttered closed as he savored the bitter tang. And when he kissed me again I could still feel the slick coat of it on his tongue.
Sherlock nods, tilts his hips in a silent appeal for more. The teasing touch is like a whetstone on a blade, taking the blunt edge of pleasure and sharpening it—making it sing and spark. And still it's not enough.
With one last cry, John came thick and hot, streaking himself with semen and panting like he'd ran a marathon. Seconds later, Sherlock threw back his head and moaned, an animal sound of pleasure, as his own cock pulsed against the cup of his palm and spilled into his pants.
Sherlock looks down, regards John with blooming adoration. “Why didn't you say anything?”
"Just a moment," Sherlock panted, needing to reign himself in before his control slipped away completely.
“A sloppy execution, no pun intended. Even if forensics doesn’t find any fingerprints, you’ll likely still find his blood on the weapon, judging from the cuts along his forearm and hand. He couldn't even handle the knife properly. This was amateur at best, Lestrade. Frankly, I don’t know why you asked me to consult.”
“Oh,” Sherlock sighed. His cock throbbed in his briefs and he felt dizzy with lust. It wasn't just the sexual nature of the act. It was the trust and vulnerability.
Sherlock pulls back even further, sliding his hands from John’s shoulders to his waist, his hips, his arse. He squeezes John’s cheeks, pulls them apart, then lets his thumbs slip down their twin slopes.
“Autoerotic asphyxiation,” Sherlock answered, with admittedly more glee than was probably appropriate.
His smile isn’t the thousand-watt grin Sherlock is accustomed to—the one he's used to seeing when he first sits down for a tutoring session. This smile is slow and knowing. It makes Sherlock’s stomach flip.
Cautiously, Sherlock asked. “Please what?”
“You know,” John grumbles, “I was an upstanding citizen before I met you.”
“John, would you consider me a power bottom?”
I look up at him, my hands already bracketing his hips, my lips barely more than an inch from his jutting prick. I curl my tongue out and lick up a pearly drop of precome. “Keep recording.”
Sherlock stops packing up his books. There's hesitation in John's voice, a hint of anxiety. It makes his own pulse quicken in response. “Yes?”
. I don’t have the cognitive capacity to determine if this thought is pragmatic (we can’t actually orgasm in the middle of a cafe) or cautious (we are quickly losing control), but either way it seems prudent.
Sherlock clutched at the sheets as waves of sensation began to radiate out: a throbbing ache deep inside, a flutter in his bladder, and a tingle at the tip of his weeping cock. He wanted to reach under his stomach and pull himself off—it wouldn't take much—but John had been very explicit.
“Bed,” I manage to say, and turn toward the hall.
“Show me your cock, John.” The words come out in a rush, caught between panted breaths. “I want to see it.”
, and brought it to his lips. John beamed with pride as Sherlock took slow and steady gulps until the glass was drained.
I’m ecstatic, is what I am. Coming in thick, powerful arcs. Bliss washes over me—a rushing tidal wave at first, then in slow, syrupy laps. My limbs are tingling, my breath shudders, my throat is dry from shouting.
Dinner—John, was his name—raised an eyebrow. “And what condition is that?”
He groans, a gluttonous sound of agreement, and buries his face deeper—shakes his head from side to side. The wonderfully sloppy slide of his tongue in and out of my hole and around my rim is unbelievable. Unrestrained. Unrelenting.
John giggles and it maybe the single most melodious sound Sherlock has ever heard. “You can't be serious.”
Sherlock shifted restlessly in the seat and stared out at the passing cityscape—the drab grey sky and gleaming wet pavement of early spring. It was just about this time last year when they began to play. After a slightly tipsy John had tickled Sherlock relentlessly, until they’d both fallen off the couch in a fit of laughter and Sherlock had leapt up from the floor in a mad panic at the incipient trickle of urine. John had followed him to the loo, had tsked as he watched Sherlock use the toilet. That’s when John had told him he wouldn’t have minded, if Sherlock had pissed himself. Would have been a bit sexy, actually, to watch Sherlock lose control. Maybe the scotch had loosened John’s tongue, but the admission was out there now and there was no taking it back. And so, after a week of halting conversations—questions, clarifications, and negotiations, John uttered the words
He blinks at me. “But I’m—Sherlock. I can’t.”
Another silence drew out, but this time it was John who withdrew to reflect. He looked out the window, ostensibly to watch the cityscape slide by. They were nearing Baker Street when he spoke again.
Irene tracks Sherlock’s gaze and hums low and approving. “He's fit.”
Sherlock blinked, surprised and amused in equal measure. “You are delightful.”
His own cock throbbed, now hot and heavy against his palm. Just a few more pulls. . . That's all he'd need. . .
Except tonight.
He can feel the moment just before John comes, his scrotum pulls taut and his shaft swells fractionally more. Then there's a rumbling moan and John’s cock is throbbing in his hand. The first spurt lands across Sherlock’s cheek, narrowly missing his eye. The next hits his chin, then his throat. The fourth and fifth are weaker, striping his chest. He milks out the rest, creating lewd pool at the top of his sternum. Only when John starts to tremble with oversensitivity, does Sherlock stop stroking.
“And this is a microscope,” Sherlock explains patiently, letting Rosie touch it. “It’s used to look at things that are really, really tiny. There can be an entire world hidden in a drop of water, would you believe that? Maybe when you’re a little older, we can ask Daddy if I could get you one, too.”
By the time Sherlock takes him in his mouth John is breathing rapidly and digging his fingers into the mattress, moans escaping his lips without even a hint of restraint. Sherlock takes him as deep as he can and John groans loudly, back arching, though his hips stay still – sober John is clearly a more considerate lover than drunk John. (Sherlock wishes he was a little less considerate and put his hand in Sherlock’s hair again.) He makes good use of everything he learned that first night, lavishing attention on John’s most sensitive spots, sucking gently but vigorously.
In the bathroom, he turns on all the taps to cover any noise he might make as he takes himself in hand. He’s harder than he can ever remember being, and it only takes five fast, tight strokes before he’s coming, swallowing John’s name.
“Then… why? Sherlock, I get that you probably think it’s all romantic rubbish, but it’s not. Trust me, it’s different when it’s someone you care about. Who cares about you.”
“All right?” he asks when Sherlock makes a low keening sound.
, it works. It’s almost too much now, and all Sherlock can do is gasp for air and moan, holding onto John for dear life. John rocks into him in a sensuous rhythm, targeting Sherlock’s prostate with precision and dragging his abdomen over the underside of Sherlock’s cock, and Sherlock writhes in exquisite bliss.
“I just wanted to make sure you were all right.”
The silence when Sherlock stops talking is deafening, ringing in John’s ears with the intensity of an alarm. John feels simultaneously utterly blindsided by Sherlock’s declaration, and at the same time not nearly as shocked as he should be – as if a part of him had always known. He knows it’s his turn now to speak, to react, to acknowledge Sherlock words. He has no idea how.
Sherlock freezes. The world around him seems to fall away, the ambient noises blending into a monotonous hum. John is looking at him intently and Sherlock’s heart doubles its pace even though his brain cannot understand what John means.
here? He didn’t even text in advance, and it’s Saturday afternoon, what right does he have to show up unannounced? And for what? It’s not like he can ask them for what he wants, even if he were able to put it into words. He could have asked Robert, maybe, but not them. There are rules to what they do, and he’s sure this would be breaking some of them. Patrick and Sam have made it very clear that they want an occasional sex partner, not anything resembling a polyamorous relationship. And that’s fine, it’s not like Sherlock wants that, but he’s certain that the sort of tenderness and intimacy he craves right now is something they reserve for each other, and asking for it would be crossing a boundary he’s not supposed to cross.
“I can’t,” he mumbled into the darkness between his thighs and chest, and wasn’t it symbolic that this was he was talking to his limp penis?
“A few times, but only briefly. He – I still get to see Rosie, you know. I think John didn’t want to cut her from people she’s used to, but it’s never him who brings her, always Harry, and she never tells me anything about him. Just that he ‘needs time’, which could mean anything.” She looks faintly apologetic, as if John’s secretiveness was somehow her fault.
“Nothing.” Sherlock’s tongue felt thick and heavy in his mouth, barely able to move. “I – overreacted. Please go on.”
“Hot? It was embarrassing.” The idea of John masturbating while thinking of Sherlock, though –
“We’ll need a safeword, then,”  John says matter-of-factly.
(See the end of the chapter for
like this, and John can’t help himself anymore: he toes off his shoes and places one foot on Sherlock’s chair, between his spread legs. Sherlock’s eyes fly open at this, unfocused, but he only needs a second to realise what John’s after. He shifts, bringing the hard outline of his cock in contact with the sole of John’s foot, and groans.
Sherlock nods, feeling peaceful in a way he’s rarely known. His mind his blank as he cuddles closer to John. John kisses the top of his head, holding him tight. John had called Sherlock
Sherlock doesn’t know what he should do in case of option three. Perhaps the fact that no penetration was involved would be a mitigating factor?
Sherlock expects, and a shiver runs down his spine. In his mind’s eye he can already see the moment when John will say now and Sherlock will come like a burst dam.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to that.
“Yeah,” Sam says, rubbing the back of his neck a bit sheepishly. “Sorry. We’ve known for a while.”
Afterwards, he washes the evidence down the sink, tucks himself in, washes his hands and face, and drains the bathtub and mops the floor to give himself something to do, to stop himself from crumbling on the floor like the piece of shit that he is.
“Yes,” Sherlock admits, and he can’t fight the smile that tugs at his lips. Yes, it’s Dr John Hamish Watson, determined to be the man Sherlock deserves.
“Do you really want to do this here?” Sherlock asks, gesturing to their surroundings where people are already sneaking glances at them. John looks around, blinking owlishly, and nods.
Florian meets his eyes in the mirror with a flicker of surprise. Sherlock holds his gaze, ridiculously nervous, and sees a faint blush rise in his own cheeks. Florian smiles brilliantly.
can help him, but he has no better options and he thinks he might as well try. Talking to Ella that one time after Mary died hadn’t helped him find the solution he needed and it hadn’t made him feel any better, but somehow, he didn’t think it was a wasted trip. It felt like he was doing something, and maybe a more consistent approach would actually have some results, though Sherlock isn’t exactly sure what he wants the results to be. But he’s here already anyway, and he’s desperate enough to try anything.
I’m clean.”
“Oh. No.”
He has the presence of mind to turn his face into the pillow to muffle the moan he knows he won’t be able to keep in, and then his orgasm slams into him, its strength something Sherlock could never have expected. It starts deep inside of him where John is, but it explodes almost immediately to every fibre of his being, turning the world upside down. It’s the first time Sherlock has had an orgasm in the presence of another person, and it seems to last for ages – John keeps fucking into him, hard enough for the bedframe to rattle, his cock seeming twice as big as Sherlock’s muscles contract around  it. He barely notices that the last few thrusts bring John to his own climax as Sherlock gulps for air, helpless.
“Let’s lie down, hmm?” John whispered. He guided Sherlock to lie on his back and climbed over him, his knees on either side of Sherlock’s hips, but he kept his body well above Sherlock’s, giving him space. Sherlock let his mouth open under John’s, wanting more of him. As John was supporting his weight on his forearms, he couldn’t be touching Sherlock, and Sherlock found out that he still relied on John’s cues to determine what touches were suitable, and when John wasn’t touching him, he had no lead to follow. He put his hands on John’s waist tentatively.
“I’m sorry I pushed you away from her.”
“Plural. But not the way you’re thinking. They’re a married couple who like to spice up their sex life now and then.”
He leaned on the sink and retched but nothing came up. Then a huge, dry sob tore itself painfully from his chest and he sunk to the floor, letting waves defeat and despair tear through his useless body.
Sherlock grins at him. “Thanks, but I really hope that won’t be necessary.” He’s had his share of
“I like this,” Sherlock said quietly, wiggling his hips a little to make his point. “Are you… is it… good for you?” he asked awkwardly.
“You too,” Molly says, evidently a bit taken by surprise. “Um, what’s with the hair? Are you undercover?”
“Now, where were we,” John said as he kicked off his trousers and climbed on the bed. He’d left his pants on, which Sherlock was grateful for, because he felt that if he saw John’s impressive member now he might faint. The outline of it inside John’s boxers was enough to leave his mouth dry.
“What is it, my love?” John asks, immediately concerned. Sherlock tells him, because he promised he would.
“You know what I’ve been wondering,” John whispers against Sherlock’s lips as Sherlock’s erection quickly fills again in his grip.  “What did you do about this before we got together?”
Sherlock nods. The toy’s longer than Robert’s fingers and thicker than what Sherlock’s used to, it’s a good medium step and
They only tried rimming once, and briefly, in the early days of their relationship, and John couldn’t not notice that only a few licks turned Sherlock into a quivering mess.  At that time, though, only the third time he got to have Sherlock in his bed, he was too desperate to get his mouth at other parts of Sherlock’s body, and later there were always other acts at the forefront of his interest. But today, he wants to take his time and
”  John’s words turn into an inarticulate, drawn-out sound as he comes, pulsating in Sherlock’s mouth.
She seems to catch sight of him from the corner of her eye and jumps, raising a nitrile-gloved hand to her chest.
Sherlock reached one hand down, cupping John’s cock, impossibly intensifying his pleasure. “God, yes,” John panted. Sherlock ran his hand over the head, slick with pre-cum, and stroked masterfully down the shaft. Once, twice, was all he could stand; everything broke loose in the doctor. “Ah, ah, ah,” John shouted (not his most poetic), his legs shuddering as he pushed himself into Sherlock’s hand and belly, cum shooting over both of them. John’s pulsing around Sherlock’s cock was the final push for him. “Jesus, John, God, God..” he moaned, coming hard, so hard.
But, no. I knew better than to hope. I walked softly to the sitting room, picked up my violin (old friend), and left the flat.
“Yeah, yeah, I know that…” I continued. “You know…” I stuttered. “You know how you’re always teasing me..about…him. About how it is between him and me. You and the whole world intimating… things.”
To steady myself, I put my hand on his knee and smiled.
How could he do this to me? How could he go off and have sex with his ex-wife and leave me alone with this nightmare?? I hate John!
It felt as good as it looked?
“Again with the tears,” Sherlock said drily, rolling his eyes, secretly so very pleased to see John’s reaction.
Sherlock: 5 a.m.
“Its okay,” John said, his breathing shallow, almost forgetting why Sherlock was out of bed to begin with. “Just come back to bed,” he said, reaching out his hand, his pupils wide.
It was home?
“Just hold me while I sleep for a while,” and “when I wake up, I want to tell you everything.”
I imagined the scene anyway, that being preferable to the break up I’d been imagining earlier.
My heart ached.
“Show me something?” Sherlock smirked. “Is it part of your anatomy?”
I had no idea what I was doing there.
Mildly ashamed by how minimal our escapades had apparently been, we made our way up the stairs to continue the party.
, my heart pounding, I practically shouted just in my day dreams.
There were times when he seemed to be almost flirting with me, though I had a strong suspicion of wishful thinking. My urge to raise myself out of that chair throw myself at his feet was overwhelming.
“I’ve been feeling and tasting your body for years now, in my mind, imagining it….
John:
Sherlock:
And then, there we are, facing each other in our chairs, in this room, in our old life, his gaze holding mine. God, was he always this beautiful? No, the alcohol had improved something that in no way required improving. His eyes, magnificent under any conditions, now displayed a kind of openness, a kind of emotional honesty that I found utterly captivating.
God….he cried out. “You feel,..Jesus…perfect..” I had the feeling that any amount of friction was going to push me over the edge. I felt a bit stunned. He hadn’t really even touched my cock yet, right? I hadn’t missed that, had I? No I don’t think I’d miss that. How was I so close to coming with just what’s going on here?
And here we were, about to share a mountain of an orgasm together. As if he’d read the owner’s manual for my body. As if he’d written it.
“Reverend…” I walked forward. “A word, please…”
I dove in. Kissing his neck, his chest, pulling him to me …
I cleared my throat and spoke slowly. “Sherlock Holmes, I love you.”
. This is where I found myself. Not in some misty haze of “
“Sherlock!” I shouted again, a bit louder.
But then…
“So..” I sallied forth. “Then, obviously, Mary, having learned this and more sordid details to be sure, very understandably began to have second thoughts. Yes, well, wouldn’t you? Wouldn’t we all? Its not quite clear whether or not John has put assassinating behind him, so, well, that’s a tough start to a marriage, wouldn’t you agree? Yes, I think we’d all agree.”
“I know…” he panted, turning us to face each other again.
time clicked by, and I suddenly realized what was actually happening. John wasn’t out at the surgery, or buying milk, or grabbing a pint somewhere. Noooo, I realized with growing distress. He was out with his fiancee, his beautiful, womanly, vulnerable fiancee, with whom he’d bonded so deeply as to propose marriage. Attempting to negotiate the terms of their separation.
I awoke with a start, at once completely aware of what had happened, where I was and what was about to be. I wasted no time on illusion. Or tried not to.
“You’re going to see me before the wedding? Oh no-that’s not good. I’m just about to put the dress on…”
Mind you, I was not particularly aware of this. This vague sense, this attraction, flitting in and out of my consciousness, flapping out of my vision like a bird that I knew was there, but could not quite see.
Fuck this texting, I thought.
Emboldened by my new openness, I barreled ahead. “I’m tasting you right now. My lips are brushing yours, trailing down your jaw, your neck, finding everywhere that makes you moan, licking, sucking, god, you sound wonderful, feel wonderful, under my hands, my mouth....”
But. Also….what? what else was I feeling? I stared at myself in her mirror, looking like death, but feeling what?
“No shit, Sherlock,” Lestrade continued. “So…”
John…immobile, peaceful, beautiful.
I thought.
“God yes, yes, please,” he panted into my neck, licking and kissing, enough to drive me mad.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mrs. Hudson, Molly and Lestrade approaching, their eyes wide and unbelieving. I’d expected as much. Lestrade started.
