“No,” Castiel said guiltily. He knew it was a part of his contract, but he had honestly thought that Dean was going to break up with him by now and hadn’t thought about it. Besides, only cool people like Dean and his friends went on the ski trip.
Please give me feedback. This is my first slowburn fic that's made it past the first chapter. I'm using this as practice before I restart my Among the Asters fic. Any feedback helps, or anybody bored enough to beta read and fix my errors would be neat. Anyways, thank you to all that have read this far and those who are following this. I promise this work will not be an orphan.
"Okay smart ass. How is that boo boo of yours."
“My god, you would think that by working with fire I am inviting conversation.” He turned to glare at the man, “what do you want?”
He dropped the sticks that he had been rubbing together aimlessly. “Holy shit Charlie put a bell on you.”
Castiel touched the smudge reverently. “I thought Dean got rid of this.”
"God, Angel. You're… you're… Fuck, I love doing this to you."
“What’s with you?” Dean asked in hurt confusion.
He pulled on his shirt and sat down on the rock. Dean turned to look at Cas. "Hey man you-" he started to say but the other boy wasn't there. He turned to Charlie in confusion "where did he go?"
“Long story but the blood is not mine.”
Michael held up his sword, “I meant your name child.”
“Well,” Castiel shrugged, “you said all that you are going to say. Haven’t you?”
“He’s a player. He’s in love with Bella. You know that no matter what he’s said, he will go back to her. He always does.”
Dean nodded and liked he understood. “Oh, okay.” He sat in silence for a bit. Castiel stared at Dean, waiting for the curiosity to hit him. Soon enough, it did. “Okay, who?”
"You ready buddy?"
“Thanks,”  his tone wasn’t even upset. This had been happening so often that he had gotten numb emotionally from it. He was simply tired, which is what Krissy hated most.
Jo getting clawed open.
She rolled her eyes. “Anyways, in the right corner fighting for team Charlie we have the amazing, the beautiful, the person who is giving me a dirty look from behind camera, Jo!” A blonde girl jumped into the view of the camera wearing a pair of faded jeans and a loose fitted flannel.
She glared at him, “you better make it out of here Dean.” She turned and ran away.
Cas started teaching them about his favorite types of wildlife. Dean now knew that bees could fly up to 15 miles per hour. He made a mental note not to mess with any bees in the future.
“But he is eighteen.”
dark.”
"Yes?"
Castiel felt his heart flutter again at that. He swallowed the butterflies. “Well, are there any left?”
The flavors exploded on his tongue and Castiel moaned for the second time that evening. The cinnamon was really strong but everything in it tasted amazing. The apples, the flaky crust, the vanilla. He grabbed his own fork off the table and began to eat.
The shirt was just a little tight on Dean and Castiel thought he looked a little like he had the body of Clark Kent. Dean had made him watch the movie to celebrate winning his game last week. Castiel felt his mouth go dry and he had to tear his gaze away from Dean’s body.
“I thought you were going to introduce me as her royal majesty?” Charlie, the redhead, piped up.
Not to be deterred, Lee slammed Castiel’s hands on the counter and leaned forward to kiss him again. Castiel winced in pain and felt a small panic begin to build in this chest. Just as he went to rip his hands free and swing a punch at him, a loud shout interrupted.
Castiel rolled his eyes, “if I tell you will you leave me alone?”
Jo didn’t quite smile but her cheeks definitely turned a little pink. “That’s good.” She turned back to her painting. “That’s good.” Her voice was soft in a way Castiel had never heard before.
She glared at him and another wave of sobs wracked through her. "I will go if you tell me what Cas' deal is."
“You were impaled by one of Naomi’s knives, you need to at least clean it,” Cas interjected.
“Okay?” Castiel asked in confusion.
The walked for hours in silence with little activity in the forest. No canons went off at all and no tributes were found. Charlie got hungry and they decided to try to hunt. Somehow Cas came back with a pile of birds and Charlie with a pile of root vegetables. All they were waiting on was Kevin and Jo with water bottles.
“Nope, just dropping by.” He waved to Krissy, “you better pay more attention when you get to my class.” Krissy’s face also turned pink as Mr. Novak turned to leave.
“No,” Castiel lied.
Later Gabe would walk in with Sam, ready to bring Castiel home because he forgot to text saying not to pick him up. His friends would be happy for him and Bella would go on to pretend that they both didn’t exist when he and Dean walked in holding hands on Monday.
_--_+_--_
Dean and Charlie ended up on a team and kicked everyone's asses.
and he had seen stars. Once he had the idea, it nagged on him non stop. The thought of Dean pressing into him, filling him up.
“Aquila was a gentle soul who was made to do horrible things. She was slaughtered in cold blood for it too.” Castiel shifted, “isn’t it truly awful?” Dean looked over as Castiel and momentarily lost his breath at the intensity of his blue eyes. “Just because you are put in a situation where you are made to kill doesn't mean you are a horrible person.” Dean got his message.
"What Dean?" He sounded almost bored. He kept widdling the branch.
"Cas, cover me." He grabbed Jo's bag and started searching through the contents.
Castiel felt Dean's hand slapping up against his balls as his fingers, all three of them, bottomed out inside his ass. The slick friction was heaven. It's bloody perfect. And yet his body feels like it's climbing toward something. Something he can't even hope to grasp onto. And he wants…
“Did you have to pick the furthest college you could think of?” Gabe talked over Castiel’s question angrily, “Who am I supposed to eat lunch with and talk shit about Cassie to?”
Castiel looked up from his cards, “oh?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Well you aren’t saying anything now,” Castiel argued back.
“Enough games Winchester, where are they?” Michael hissed out.
"Do you have anybody at home you are fighting for?"
He sat down and Castiel soon joined him. “Do you know of the story of Aquila?”
your books. The pizza man and the babysitter? That was the most romantic thing ever.” Castiel groaned internally, that was his most embarrassing one. “Is it true you have another book coming out this summer?”
“Hey, Dean!” A voice interrupted. They both looked up in surprise to see Sam and Gabe running over, faces flushed and red from the cold and covered in snow.
"Oh yes like that," Castiel breathed. Because that is oh so very good. It teased him with how it was going to ache. "Oh, Dean, like that."
Dean nodded, "that isn't a bad idea."
"Where is Charlie?" He asked warily.
“What can I say, I’m thorough. I have heard zero people doubting us.” Castiel rolled his eyes and got out of the car, instinctively grabbing Dean’s offered hand.
“Oh... Anything for your friend?” The waitress turned to Castiel.
“Besides, if you wanna get drunk the wine isn’t the way to go. A glass of that will just make you a little buzzed.” Dean started cooking the scampi. He looked up to see the apples all done. “Mix those in a little lemon juice, brown sugar, cinnamon, and butter and you are golden.” Castiel followed his orders, adding what he knew was way too much cinnamon. Dean said it was fine and added two spoonfuls of vanilla extract.
They sat in the bathroom in silence as they caught their breath. The sounds of the music and the party were muffled beyond the door. Eventually, somebody knocked because they had to pee.
He finally talked to Jo and Charlie about the sex tape. Apparently, nobody had downloaded the video and she had completely destroyed the page it had been posted on, so there was a very slim chance that anybody other than the original poster had a copy. Also, chances of a college finding it were slim to none so he didn’t have to worry about it while he waited to hear back from universities.
“Cas! Are you kidding me? You have to sit with me.” He looked around to see if anybody’s listening. “You’re my boyfriend.”
“Relax Cas,” Dean smiled reassuringly, “I know your dad’s coat is important. Can I just borrow a shirt?” Castiel sagged in relief.
"I can't climb very well. There are no trees in twelve. Well, none that are within the fence."
"Please Charlie, you should have seen Dean back in district twelve. He was beaten nearly every day." Jo was helping Kevin over the a tree stump.
“Not a good skier,” Castiel lied.
"People who help to protect you from the law. Ensure the law is followed correctly and the right people are punished. They help make sure documents are legal."
“Same here,” Charlie added. They walked back into the party, thankfully not seeing Lee. Charlie walked with him over to the vacant couch and sat down with him, resting her legs on him and stealing a handful of jelly beans on the coffee table.
Cas looked up, "we got a sponsor who sent down three rolls, fresh string and a needle. Not that we need stitches anymore."
“Don’t even bother Charlie,” Jo interrupted her, “he volunteered for his brother. Telling him to stop with the self sacrificing bullshit is like talking to a wall. Now if you dumbasses don’t mind Kevin would probably really appreciate your help right now.”
She handed a stack of magazines to Michael, “We couldn't decide, so we got you all of them.”
“Meet me at lunch so we can talk about this.”  Dean blushed at that and coughed. Castiel, now pleased with himself smiled and leaned away.
“What the hell Dean?” Charlie exclaimed in shock.
“For starters, when Bella heard you kissed me, she went nuts, and if she thinks you and I are a thing, she'll want to get back together.” That made a lot more sense.
Her expression faltered for a second, “I just know they will be there okay. Just, ugh, just have a little faith?”
“Maybe when I grew half a foot he grew a conscience?” Castiel suggested. He looked warily they canvas, “please don’t tell me you knifed somebody's art project.”
“No, I think that because I am halfway pleasant to look at that people who are as smart as you would feign a love interest and that I would fall for it because a pretty face can attract anything.” He looked at the amused expression.
“It means he’s charmed by him,” Jody explained. “He’s smitten.”
“So why are we in a Walmart at 8:15 on a Tuesday?” Dean asked while he played with a packet of cupcake liners. Castiel just grabbed a couple of boxes of brownie mix and threw them into his shopping cart.
“Let’s do this.”
“I know, shall we go work on throwing knives? I think I am still a little rusty.” Cas and the dickbag walked away with their backs to him.
Cas looked up from his task in confusion, "beaten?"
“Dean we need to get your jacket off okay?” The hand Cas didn't have on Dean's wound was setting up a fire with the sticks as Charlie tried to start a flame.
“Let us just please get through today Jo. We can make buddies in the training room.”
"BANG," the cannon went off.
“All right, next visitor.”
“You don't know that,” Castiel protested.
Comment what you think!
Castiel repressed a smile and got out of his car to walk towards the baseball diamond. Unfortunately, the diamond was a couple of minutes walk from the main building so he had to jog to get there within five minutes. He saw a couple of kids sprinting around the field looking like the wanted to die.
“Fine,” Castiel said. He wracked his brain for a suitable trade-off, “then you have to watch Harry Potter with me.”
“Hey Sasquatch,” Gabe smirked at Sam.
"Did you seriously only focus on the 'I love you Dean' part?"
“Are you serious?” Dean gasped in mock betrayal. He snatched the Dorito bag from Castiel’s hand as he shook his head in confusion. “You've never seen Fight Club?” He grabbed the pencil and paper from Cas and scribbled something down. “Another part of the contract, you have to watch fight club with me.”
Castiel felt his face burn, “if you tell anybody, I swear to god I will kill you. If Bella found out it would be the end of me.”
“Shall we?” Dean asked.
District 7 - Hester
“You ok?” he asked her.
He held out his hand and smiled at his friend sadly.
“Fine, I’m gonna shower,” Sam pointed at the pie, “but that better be waiting for me when I get out.” Dean rolled his eyes as his brother left the room.
“Yeah, but, you know… What is the truth? Do you like her, do you not like her?
That was surprising, "but Cas said I was out for hours though."
Castiel shrugged. “Well, I called Dean's name, but I guess he didn’t hear me.”
“So I was just complimenting Cassie on his Halloween costume.” Castiel looked up to see Dean’s smile falter. “Come on,” Bella added, “I see someone we need to say hi to.” Bella whipped around and began to walk towards a group of seniors.
“Would you be okay if I kissed you right now?” Dean asked with that wide grin. His green eyes sparkled.
As they walked into the party they were greeted by a wave of noise and the smell of weed and booze. Dean’s friend Lee was the first to notice them.
"Cause we barely know each other and for some reason we are supposed to trust each other."
He walked in with the most messy hair in the world. His hair was usually very straight but that day he looked like he had just had sex in a closet.
He just stared at her blankly and pointed towards the roots hanging from the top of the little hole. “Gee, I wonder why is would be a bad idea to light a fire with so many flammable substances.”
Not for the first time Dean hesitated to start out with. Cas usually just ignored it and kissed away any doubts. But this time Castiel had had enough. He pulled away,  “Dean what’s wrong?”
“What happened?” asked Krissy.
“Of course she isn’t okay, go get the nurse or something dumbass.”
“I know, I know, I know. I fucked up. I should have stayed awake. He could have killed you guys while you slept.”
Castiel was the person who couldn't sleep.
That got a short laugh out of Castiel, “if I told Bella, I would be the butt end of countless jokes. I would prefer to keep it so only my family, you, and Anna knew.”
Charlie was bubbly and cheerful. She drew Castiel out of his quiet she'll and had them all playing some game she called picnic. What happened was she would say something that started with the first letter of the alphabet like "I'm going on a picnic and I am bringing aluminum foil." Then she had Cas go with the next letter in the alphabet and including what she had said before. "I'm going on a picnic and I'm bringing aluminum foil and bees." ("How do you plan on bringing bees Cas?" "You underestimate my determination Dean.")
“Why didn’t you get back together with her,” Castiel asked for the second time.
She sighed heavily. “This thing with Winchester… You’ve already been through so much and I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Dean’s hands moved down to Castiel's neck and his thumbs hooked under his chin. He gently leaned away but only left a millimeter between their lips.
Castiel put his phone away and took a sip of his water, too lost in his thoughts to notice Lee walking up behind him.
Dean looked over her shoulder to see Castiel staring at him. Cas saluted to him faintly and left with Hannah.
“Don’t call me Meggie Eve.” Meg chided.
Jo found the source of the noise first, “Cas?”
Castiel rolled his eyes but stopped trying to get Dean to kiss him. Instead, he rested his arms around Dean’s neck and looked him in the eye. “Okay, tell me.”
“You are only saying that cause you don’t want to put effort into asking somebody out.” Castiel’s silence seemed to just excite Gabe more, fortunately his brother didn’t say anything. “Who’s the dog?”
“Dude, I really don't want to know.”
Castiel stared at his phone, knowing he was going to regret this.
“What?” Castiel said defensively.
“Nah, just wiped on on my sleeve, why?”
“Those are mine,” Castiel complained.
“Well, remember the no kissing on the lips rule?”
There she was, next to Gabriel and Michael. Now for Charlie and Kevin.
“My mom taught me her recipe, and yes you will need to eat vanilla ice cream with it.” He waved the pint in Castiel’s face.
“This one is supposed to be how Gabriel is the messenger, in the bible he was the messenger for telling Mary she was pregnant. Now in the modern world, he is the one who has to tell everyone everything, even the tragedy. Knowing everything is tearing him apart.”
The last chapter is coming out Monday. I hope you've been enjoying this story with me and I hope that you are looking forward to the finale as much as I am.
“Are you kidding me?” Jo asked. “Are you really going to play dumb about puberty hitting you like a train? You lost the braces and got some cheekbones. If you learn how to dress and actually brush your hair occasionally?” Jo shrugged and leaned next to him on a locker, “knockout status.”
“Don’t apologize, I am always excited to be upstaged by my students,” she placed both hands on the desk and leaned forward with a smug smile, “well?”
Dean smiled, “come kiss me you sap.” Castiel happily obliged. He reached around to dig his fingers into Castiel’s soft hair as wandering hands played with his ass. Dean was only wearing his plaid shirt rather than multiple layers like usual. Cas had taken to hanging up his trenchcoat and suit jacket in Dean’s closet. It made the whole ‘undressing’ thing twice as easy.
Dean gave him a wicked smiled and leaned over to whisper into Castiel’s ear, “I don’t suppose I could convince you to stop in the men's room downstairs? It has a lock.”
you know it is Fight Club. You just said that to annoy me.” Castiel shrugged at that, not denying it. “You’re such a little shit,” Dean laughed but he wrote down ‘double feature: Harry Potter movies and Fight Club on the paper.
The second was that he was very twitchy. If you so much as looked at him funny he would start freaking out.
“I came here early to set it up for dramatic effect.” Jo fidgeted nervously as Castiel examine the painting. “Well, do you like it?”
"You better run man. They are going to want death. Trust me, nobody likes you right now."
“Nah, you don’t have to. Just wear what you usually wear.”
“Just do it!” Dean turned around the riverbend to see Jo wrestling with Lucifer and Kevin fighting off Lilith with a knife. Dean saw Michael running towards the scene. Castiel wasn’t anywhere to be found
” Dean practically growled and he captured Castiel’s lips in another deep kiss, flipping them so that Castiel was on top.
She lost her angry expression for a scared one. “I don’t know. Kevin grabbed her and went in the opposite direction you went in. I figured they would be ok but I couldn’t leave you alone.”
“So I have three straws here,” Sam ignored him.
“Beats me,” Dean shrugged. He reached up to bop the pompom on top of his head, "nice hat."
The kiss was sweaty and chaste. For the couple of seconds that Castiel held his face to his own, Dean was completely frozen in shock. He didn’t manage to gather himself before Castiel pushed him away. Castiel’s stomach was flipping with anxiety, hoping that Anna had seen that.
“I was there.”
“That’s it angel,” Dean murmured in his ear as he stroked Castiel through his orgasm. Castiel felt shaky all over and he was fairly certain that if he tried to stand he would collapse. Castiel tried to not feel mortified that he had barely even gotten his dick touched before coming.
"Winchester." His tone was dark.
Thank you for reading lovelies :)
“The whole fake relationship was his idea. You are the one who keeps leaving him alone with his ex, and you are the one who keeps trying to break up with him.” Charlie shrugged and took a sip of her hot chocolate, “he’s probably waiting for you in his room like a kicked puppy so that he can talk over the little spat you guys had before you came here with me. At the very least, even if he doesn’t like you that way you two are still probably each other's best friend by now.”
Bella’s standing by the bus with her clipboard when she spots Jo too. She had a big frown on her face. She marched right up to Jo and said, “You didn’t sign up.” Castiel ran over to them and hovered next to Charlie and Jo.
“Okay, ten bucks says it is a new knife collection her mom bought her.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, “child? I am one of the only eighteen year olds in here.”
"I thought you were going to apologize for Kevin's death to be honest man. I didn't care you weren't there. Jo is ok now so." He shrugged.
“I have no clue.” Dean’s voice felt strained. “ Mutts definitely but the games usually don't set the more powerful ones on groups of allies this early in the games.”
After they had both finished Cas wrapped his arms around Dean from behind. He nuzzled into Dean’s neck making a map of love bites on the freckled skin. Dean felt himself drifting off but Castiel had one last thing to say to him.
“Ha good one.”
Dean slid out an pulled off his condom, tying it off. He threw it somewhere Castiel didn’t see and turned back around. Dean rolled Castiel on his side, wrapping his arms around him.
He helped her wrap her legs around him waist and whispered "it's okay, just cry. You can cry" as he walked away from Kevin's still body. He barely noticed Cas watching him like a hawk while Charlie tried to speak with him.
“I’m your cousin?”
Castiel couldn't help arching into it. Dean bent his head to Castiel’s next possessively licking and biting and humming as he fucked. And his tongue, his teeth, his lips, his slick cock were making Castiel absolutely crazy for him. "Oh Dean. Oh god please Dean. Please. I think… I think… more now."
It came out fumbly and uncertain, and Dean didn’t respond so Castiel tried again, louder. “I’m in love with you, Dean Winchester.”
“Let me lock the door,” he laughed at Castiel’s stricken expression. Castiel watched Dean’s tight ass as he walked away. Dean turned the button on the knob then faced Castiel.
Dean didn't want to argue with the guy. This was the most he had spoken for the past couple hours. "Okay, it is fine Cas." He finished the vine hammock and climbed down for the bag. Jo had grabbed a sleeping bag in the cornucopia so both pairs had their own blanket.
"So you were gonna tell me what happened to my shirt?" Dean interrupted, he most certainly didn't want to talk about it right now.
"I don't know if that helps, honestly," Dean said.
“I see my friend Charlie over there, thank you again for inviting me.”
“We walked all night to get here. Then we crashed for a couple hours. I went to get water and Lilith jumped me. Miraculously you guys showed up.” He looked to Charlie, “by the way, nice shot.”
Cas kept at what he was doing, "I honestly don't know anymore. It is clearly pointless with how you practically flirt with your grim reaper."
“I think Jo needs to stay here, she’s my jogging partner.” Castiel tried to shoot Jo a pleading look.
“If that's what it takes, I think you're stuck with me,” Cas replied. Then what Alfie said finally registered to him. “Will you not let it go? Dean was fine. I barely tapped him.”
"Is it working?"
He slung the bow into the quiver, grabbed her hand and started running, “we can find them later but for now we need to get out of here. Those careers have almost gotten all the ones stupid enough to run to the middle.”
Dean gently laid Castiel down flat on the bed, careful to make sure Castiel’s head landed on the pillow. Castiel could feel him fumbling around, sliding on his condom then trying to get his cock lined up.
"What's wrong Cas, what happened to Jo? She was fine when we went to sleep in the trees so-" he looked around and saw that they were on the ground, the was no sleeping bag or uncomfortable stick poking his back. That is when it came crashing back.
Dean raised his eyebrow and gestured to the wood, “gee, where would you get that idea?”
"M-more?"
He barely even noticed when he reached the camp and Jo was still crying into his shoulder. He sat against the trunk of a large tree where the packs were and held her close. She just cried and cried and cried.
“I think Lee is trying to flirt with me and I don’t know how to handle it in a polite way.” He felt bad for talking over her but Lee had followed after him and a quick glance up told him that he was close.
. Castiel thought to himself.
“But Charlie, you should know something,” Castiel said after a second of awkward silence had passed. “I wrote this
“I’m busy with my new novel.”
“Is what true?”
“Shit Cas, you gotta at least give me something. Which part do you want to know first.”
Castiel put down his stick, "and you wonder why I am pissed at you."
A pain in his abdomen. Castiel shouting. A hot knife. Jo staying behind.
He closed his locker and sighed again. He turned to face Jo, but in the process he accidentally shoulder checked somebody walking by.
Dean saw Castiel’s discomfort at the idea of going to a party. “If you don’t wanna go I can stay here and hang out with you. I’ve been meaning to show you tombstone anyways.”
Dean glared at him. “Turn it on and by the time we are done watching the salad will be gone.”
Dean’s easy smile lowered a bit, “even if we aren’t still together by then we can hang out at friends.” Castiel felt relieved at Dean’s reassurance that he wanted to remain friends. He still was doubtful over the whole trip though.
Castiel went to his locker first, passing by Anna who ducked her head when he walked by to avoid eye contact. Castiel tried not to let it get to him. When he got to his locker found a pack of gum and an old history notebook full of sketches of castles. Thanks to the gum his locker smelled minty fresh.
“Near the bags.”
“Yeah.” Castiel stood up and walked over to help Dean dry.
Dean counted to ten seconds after the last of the footsteps died before he licked the hand over his mouth, earning a surprised yelp. “What the hell Dean?” Kevin demanded.
The screen had turned into four people, three boys and a girl.
Castiel was dead. He had hit his head when he fainted and went to hell. Because Dean Winchester asking him to pretend to be in a relationship in front of the entire school and his brother’s ex-girlfriend finding out he had a crush on her occurred on the same day were two very strange but specific disasters to punish him with.
Most of the anger melted into confusion. “Sorry?”
“Go skiing,” Ms. Moseley smiled warmly.
He found a rock in the driveway and crossed the lawn and stood underneath Anna's window. He threw the rock at the window and missed it. He found another one, and it pinged off the glass, barely making a sound. He tried again, with a bigger rock. This one hit.
“Yeah, so Dean bet that he would want to marry the idiot after the year was up.”
Castiel waved her off, “it doesn’t matter though. He’s still completely in love with Bella.”
“Just testing to see if you pulled a Bella and got mean when you got hot.”
"I made you a promise that I could have fulfilled. Kevin's death is not my fault but I will not apologize for your loss since he was mine as well. We all cared about Kevin."
“Well why else would you be mad?” Castiel asked, now confused himself.
“Oh come on. Every video.”
"No."
He wrapped Dean’s coat over his shoulders while he spoke. “My point is, you caught me off guard, so I don;t know what to say. But . . . well,” Castiel took a deep breath as he looked up into Dean’s eyes. “I’m in love with you.”
Dean laughed and snuggled up against him, “I promise angel. Your secret is safe with me.”
Castiel bristled at Dean’s nonchalance, “This isn’t a game Dean. It's important to know where you stand on certain issues.”
“Just a Greek hero,” Castiel waved his hand. “However, when considering the myth surrounding Prometheus, the ferocious, darker side of Aquila is very evident. Prometheus is the person who gave fire to humans,” Castiel answered Dean’s question before he could even ask it. “Zeus did not believe that man was worthy of such a gift, and was furious that Prometheus had acted without his permission. The well-meaning Titan was chained to the side of a mountain, stripped of his garments, and was continually attacked by Aquila. Since he was immortal, his dreadful wounds healed themselves every evening, only to be opened up again the next day by Aquila. After many years Prometheus was saved by Hercules, who agreed with his kind deed to mankind. Using his bow and arrow, he killed Aquila, who was then placed by Zeus to soar in the heavens.
“Sorry?” Castiel cocked his head in confusion.
Old Luke was asleep on the floor next to Castiel while they played, occasionally looking up to beg for a treat. Castiel pretended he didn’t notice when Alfie or Jody threw him one.
“Come here weirdo,” Michael affectionately rolled his eyes as he pulled Castiel into a hug. While his arms were wrapped around him Gabe hugged Michael from the other side.
Castiel felt a lump grow in his throat. If only it wasn’t all a lie. He didn’t notice Gabriel watching him pensively as he ducked his head and stared back down at the text.
Jo wrapped her arm around Dean’s shoulder and he glared back at her. “Awe, don’t cry Dean. Who knows, maybe you have a secret talent nobody knows about. You could be the best knot tyer in the world.”
“No... Dean never mentioned that.” Despite hooking up in a locked bathroom at school, Castiel wasn’t sure if he was ready for Dean to suggest them getting together in the hot tub. Castiel just decided not to bring a swimsuit, It’s not like they can make you go in a hot tub if you don’t want to.
“What?”
It was well worn like somebody had kept taking the letter in and out of the envelope. Castiel pulled it out himself and carefully folded it open. There was a smudge over the words ‘you make my heart beat fast in my chest’ like somebody had run their finger over it repeatedly.
“Alright,” Dean shrugged before turning back to face Castiel. “Why, did you want a beer? I know you’ve been wanton to try new things lately.”
Castiel stood up and began to jog away from Dean, trying to get away from the situation he had just caused. “Thank you!” He shouted, unsure of what else to say.
“We are officially in a relationship. Pleasure doing business with you, boyfriend.”
“You saw her?”
Benny then turned to Castiel. “You get outta here with your boy before you kill somebody.” Dean still didn’t move to leave, glaring at Lee’s unconscious body. “Now,” Benny ordered in an unusually stern tone. Dean moves his glare up to Benny.
"Live a little, you never know what could happen.”
“I tried to kiss you when you slept over that one time.”
Dean hungrily returned the kiss for a bit before wrenching himself away. He was breathing heavier than before. Castiel could see the effort to not go back to kissing that was in Dean’s eyes, and it satisfied him immensely.
“Yeah, we can’t let that happen. You ranked a little too high for comfort on your scores.” Eve smirked and held up her knife, “permission to kill Meg?”
She snorted and smacked him and Kevin called out that he was good. Dean turned around to see Kevin covering his crotch area with his pants. “This is probably gonna sound really dumb assed but light a fire please. I need to be actually able to see what is going on.” The little bit of light that was filtering through the hole of the cave showed a thick red line surrounded by blood. There was mud in it that Dean knew would be a bitch to clean up.
“Well after we broke up, everyone thought you two were going to get back together. She told me she wanted you back while she pretended you two had sex.”
“Nah. I’m driving after all.”
“I’ll buy you as many as you want.”
"She just stepped away to wash the knife. It will be only a minute until her return." Cas tilted his head, "do you need her for something?"
Her smile widened into something that made her seem truly happy, “I got a girl.” She reached around her neck and pulled out a chain. There was a strangely shaped pendant with a clasp. Charlie opened it up to reveal a picture of an old woman and a severe looking brunette girl.
A sympathetic expression crossed Sam’s face, and for just a moment Castiel hated him.
“Did you ever read the letters he sent you?” Sam asked.
Dean coughed, “Right… I gotta- go over there now.” He gestured over toward where Bella left towards then proceeded to back away awkwardly.
So, his Valentine's day he spent at his desk, working on his draft and trying not to think about what day it was. He remembered how Dean had made promises for Valentine’s day when they were still together.
“He does?” Castiel’s chest felt warm and glowy, and he repressed a smile.
“I guess so,” Castiel breathed out. His mind was pretty much just swimming with
“What’s up kid?”
He winced as he pulled off his jacket and shirt. Ignoring Cas’ intense stare. The wound that had been stitched up the previous night was a bright angry red and bleeding.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows and tilted his head in confusion. Dean had been acting weird since school started, and this just added to it. “I'm sorry, what?”
Dean smiled nervously "Just tell me if it hurts. Or if you need me to stop."  Dean moved his hand behind Castiel again, feeling around for his spot. When he found it, he circled gently, and Castiel whimpered. "All right?" Dean asked.
“On if you are gonna wake up one day and realize that you want Bella,” Castiel was pretty sure he knew the answer but he got a bit of petty satisfaction when Dean had said that Castiel was the only person he wanted to be with earlier and he kind of wanted to hear him say it again.
Jo finally spoke. “Oh, I already talked to Moseley and she said it was cool.” Jo made a kissy face at Bella. “Too bad, Bel.”
She all but growled at him her response. “Don’t you dare tell me to go easy. I am about to go inside to watch my ship of three years become canon. You will not ruin this for me buddy.”
At six-thirty in the morning the day of the ski trip, Jody dropped Castiel and Gabe off at school. It wasn't even light out yet. Gabriel was half asleep, blinking at the rising sun.
Castiel stared the note down. So Dean did love him, apparently. That did not mean anything though, he still cheated on him with Bella less than five seconds into the relationship being real. And just because he loved Castiel didn’t mean that he didn’t love Bella more. Despite all this, Castiel felt the flicker of hope in his chest. He desperately tried to squash it down, but it persisted.
“Oh you have no idea, I actually had to paint it twice because one of the summer classes they run out of here ruined it. Don’t ask me how, but the kid tore the paper in half.” Jo frowned as she flicked a bit of dust off the corner, “after that, I just decided to keep it in the closet at night.”
The next day of training went a lot less productive, to say the least. Mostly because of that snob from district four who insisted on making conversation with him.
“Oh Dean, your little friends.”
"What do we do then, our best strategist is currently on the ground." Dean was frustrated with Cas for stopping him and most certainly saving his life when all he wanted to do was hate the guy.
“Yeah pretty much,” was all Jesse could get out.
Castiel dropped off his cousin at school with minimum hassle and managed to park his car without hitting anybody. Gabe seemed more distracted than usual so he just walked off when they got to school. Castiel took out his phone while still in the car.
“Alright, one vodka ginger ale coming up.” Dean patted Castiel’s knee as he stood up and walked away. That just left him and Bella staring across from each other. Silently.
“Next thing you know Sam will be dating Mrs. Moore,” said Krissy.
“Alright, here is your brand new background.” He handed back the phone with his stupid face as the new home screen.
“Good,” Dean smiled. He took Castiel’s hand, and he closed my locker door. “Calculus first period right?” Dean began walking him to class.
Dean leaned forward and gestured for her to listen close, “wouldn’t you like to know?”
He smirked, “should I keep the shirt on?”
She just ignored him.
He grabbed his suitcase and walked towards his gate.
“Okay so I will choose the teams,” said Sam.
“Yeah, you stupid Lesbian.”
Dean felt an arrow whiz by his head and meet the skull of a hound getting a little too close for comfort. “DEAN, THAT WAS MILES BACK. YOU ARE HURT AND YOU WON’T BE ABLE TO MAKE IT.”
Castiel didn’t know how to tell her that Bella had been making these kinds of jokes since she had found out about his dad’s death, she just usually made sure to make them were nobody else heard. This was probably just her wanting to start the school year harassment off strong.
That sparked Dean into action, “Okay Kev, what happened.”
“Oh, he’s gathering the evidence with Alfie.”
“It's weird not having him here, huh?” Jody changed the subject as she took her turn and gestured for Alfie to take his.
“Awe look, Cassie needs the little girl to fight his battles for him.” Bella sneered.
District 11 - Gabriel - 8, Anael - 8
"What now?" Charlie seemed to be the only one able to converse with Dean at the moment.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, “I highly doubt that. I write them to target middle-aged women unhappy with their marriage.”
_--_+_--_
Dean played dumb, “where are who?”
Castiel opened the can and gestured to the clock. “I don’t know but your ten minutes are starting now.”
Castiel looked up in surprise at that. Dean was moping? The other guys took that as an invitation to continue. Alfie and Sam slid into the booth across from them and put their stuff on the counter.
"No idea."
Castiel remembered that being a part of his Pizzaman and Babysitter book. He would hide love notes in the pizza boxes before giving them to the babysitter. He had thought it was romantic when wrote it but now he thought it was just cheesy.
“Are you okay?” Dean whispered when he felt Castiel slump a little. His voice was different: it was ragged and urgent and vulnerable somehow. He wasn’t smooth or bored or amused. He was completely without his usual walls, and completely vulnerable. The way he was looking at Castiel in that moment, Castiel knew he would do anything he asked, and that was a strange and powerful feeling.
“Well, unless you suddenly turn really gay when drunk, I’m not worried.” Dean chuckled at that and pulled some butter, garlic, and chicken out of the fridge. Castiel finished chopping the last of the apples.
Castiel couldn’t help looking down at Dean’s lips and remembering how they had felt against his own. It wasn’t bad at all. Dean had a point too, The resident fuckboy not kissing his new boyfriend? People would be instantly suspicious.
“I had an idea though,” Castiel took a breath. He felt a lot less nervous than he thought he would be. “You think people won’t believe us dating unless we really kiss, so maybe if we practice then I would be less nervous.”
“Oh, it's you,” her annoyance turned into a look of disdain.
The logo disappeared and Dean breathed a sigh of relief along with Charlie. Their friends were alive.
He stared at Dean’s handsome, open face. The face that had been in his eye more than it had not for the past couple months. The face that belonged to the first person he felt safe talking to about his parent's death since it had happened.
“Do you have any money on you by any chance? I spent all my wages on that new reaping suit for Sam. Dean shook his head and John nodded, “well I guess this is goodbye.” John stood up and walked to the door. He looked back, “do me a favor?” Dean looked up at him. “Don’t get yourself killed.” He nodded and his father left the room.
Castiel gave him a look. “Can you picture me snowboarding?”
Lucifer started cackling, “I like this guy.”
Castiel went completely still. He has been ready for Dean to say literally anything but that. “Stop teasing.”
“Woah, hey babe,” Dean swept in while Castiel once again grabbed Jo. He wrapped his arms around Bella and pulled her to his chest. His green eyes caught the light and made them seem multi
“Dean Winchester did the girlfriend tag.”
“Why, what’s wrong?” Jody tried to ask but she was interrupted by Gabe.
"Well it looks cozy."
Cas' face went bright red. "Oh."
He nodded, that was probably a good idea. They were too out in the open for his liking though, “Ok, follow me.” She glared at him. “Charlie relax, we can walk.”
“It's weird not having Anna here, too. She was the only one who was any competition for me.” Alfie put all his cards down. “Gin.” Old Luke got up and limped over to his food bowl to eat.
“You don’t have to ski. You can snowboard. That’s what I’m doing.”
“You were supposed to say right,” she hissed.
Thank you for reading the chapter lovelies. Comment what you think.
“Charlie won’t?”
Dean told stories about his home. He told them about the surprise party he had for Sam. He told them about how stupid he and Jess were for not realizing how smitten they were for each other.  ("if you are watching this Sammy go give Jess a kiss for me.) It was... peaceful, to say the least. But of course that peace couldn't last.
He didn't even bother to look at him. "Hey Cas, you here to tell me more about those stars."
“Your fangirls are waiting,” Castiel awkwardly joked. Despite the attention he got from dating Dean, he really didn’t like being the center of attention. Logically, he knew those girls were staring at Dean, but he was
Once Sam left the room, the reality of what just happened sank in. Castiel dreaded looking back at Dean’s face, worried about what he would find. He slowly moved his eyes to see Dean staring at him with an amused smile.
“Dean I don’t think this is such a good idea,” rumbled a familiar man’s voice.
“We are on camera Dean,” sighed out Kevin.
“Surprisingly easy,” Dean said as he opened the oven to check on the brownies. “She’s beyond pissed that I am dating her sworn enemy. I would wear a bulletproof vest, just in case.
Charlie screamed in the distance and Dean remembered his key word.
Dean deftly open it to find two pieces of parchment covered in Castiel's scrawl with a small doodle of a bumblebee in the corner.
Castiel didn’t believe him for a second, “cool.” They sat in awkward silence for a bit, the sound of the usuals sauntering in filled the air. Eventually, Ellen came by with the order for him and Dean.
Castiel hesitated. The coat had belonged to his dad. Whenever Gabe came home from a party he always looked completely sloshed and his clothes always reeked.
After that, Jo was rarely seen without Charlie following her around bragging about being her girlfriend to anybody that gave her the time of day. Castiel saw Kali giving them a sour look at one point but then she rolled her eyes and walked away.
Castiel nodded and the moonlight sparkled in his blue eyes, “true one can never be too cautious. But why are you still pointing a knife at me?”
“I don’t know Ms. Harvelle,” he managed to stammer out.
"Yeah, and I am actually the mother of dragons." Sam scoffed. Walking over to Dean he sat on the bed next to him and pulled Dean in for a hug. "You can tell me if you want to. I don't believe I have ever seen you like this in my life."
"I don't understand that reference," Cas interjected. Dean just ignored him.
The girl blushed. “I know you don’t know me, but I was just wondering. Is it true?”
4.) Notes
Castiel and Gabe groaned in annoyance but followed her into the car.
Charlie stared at Jo. “You really like me?” Her voice was soft and full of wonder.
“But you didn’t.”
Dean sat down and stared at his hands in shock. He heard Tessa distantly reading the words of the next victim. Dean looked at the girl, his brain tugging at him to remember who she was. Her blonde hair was in ringlets and her face a stone mask, she couldn’t have been more than sixteen.
“Well I am clearly queen of these woods so you had better bet your ass that the most honorable position belongs to you.”
“Is that my shirt?” His voice sounded higher-pitched than usual.
"Oh, I am so out of here,” Castiel mumbled as he opened the door to leave. Gabe was now laughing his head off.
“I literally said that I don’t do ski trips. Then you said you were going to hook up with some girl and I said that the reason I was going was to prevent that.”
Dean winched, “yeah that doesn’t look so good huh.” He sighed and rubbed at his face, “Bella had been harassing me for a couple of weeks to get back together with her.”
“It isn’t that bad, I don’t need to do anything for it.”
"Okay."
“Yes, I’m being you for Halloween. Watch this.” Castiel grabbed a rule from his desk and pretended to swing at an imaginary ball.
Dean grabbed his hand mid-swat and played with Castiel’s knuckles. “Hey, Cas?” His voice took on a nervous tone, it was more serious than Castiel was used to.
“Sammy and I are going to the roadhouse to eat, you’re coming with us.”
“When he slid into the seat next to her, Jo was shaking her head at him. So was Charlie in the seat on the other side of the aisle.
“Stop drooling,” whispered Jesse. Krissy shut her mouth and glared at him.
“Are you worried about Dean taking advantage of you?” Jo asked in confusion, “cause you  know he’s actually a pretty good dude. If you said no he would stop immediately and just sit with you and hang out.”
"Y- wait no. Because I would let him know I didn't like him that way."
"Just do it. I have a rather high pain threshold." He had those damned peacekeepers to thank for that.
As he began to back away, the door swung open to see a very disheveled Sam Winchester. His hair looked like he had stuck his finger in a socket, his shirt was on backward and there was a slowly forming bruise on his neck. Castiel pointedly kept his gaze away from what he assumed was a tent in his pants.
“Are you kidding me? The whole school thought you were legendary. Please tell me you got a five on your exam that year.”
Dean nodded, "I think I can walk just fine. It isn't that bad."
“Stop exaggerating. He uploaded in December.”
Castiel smiled, feeling safe in his arms as he drifted off to sleep.
“Sorry, who are you?”
The feeling of Dean’s warm hand wrapped around him was the final push the sent Castiel over the edge. He buried his face in Dean’s neck as he came.
“Yep, a couple weeks ago.”
"Dean?" The boy rolled over to where he had been trying to escape him.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m covered.” When he gave her a dubious look, she whispered back, “Shampoo bottle filled with tequila at the bottom of my bag.”
Later that night, Castiel was tearing through his closet looking desperately for the shoebox he had kept the letters in. His usually spotless room was littered with messy piles of clothes. He barely acknowledged when Jody walked into the room.
“You said your mom taught you?” Castiel asked.
And gone. As soon as he woke up he figured out why Cas had been so panicked.  Those growling hounds looked like demons from hell.
“Dean-”
Jo looked at Castiel, “so he can call you Cas but I can’t?”
“Well, what’s smitten?”
Castiel looked around the quiet kitchen, suddenly aware of how quiet the whole house was. “Where are Sam and Bobby?”
“I mentioned Dean the other day and you looked like you were going to cry,” Gabriel added. Castiel opened his mouth hoping another excuse would come out. Any excuse really. Nothing came up.
“Why are you here then? You should be running away for career enemy number one if you are not their ally.” Jo input before Kevin could insult Cas again.
Two cannons went off in a row, one for Eve and one for the little girl. He pushed her off of him and glared at Meg’s stunned expression before running off. As he ran he could have sworn he heard someone call his name.
"Hey thanks Cas-" Dean turned around, expecting to see familiar blue eyes.  Only to be surprised at the red haired girl running into the clearing where Lilith had cornered Dean.
Castiel's eyes fluttered closed, and he laid his head back down, lifting his hips for Dean's fingers. "Yesss." Castiel moaned out.
“Cas!” Dean called and he ran up beside him and kept pace with his jog.
Sam looked up at Dean with sad eyes, “you are eighteen, that is still an age to be traumatized at.”
“Is Benny here yet?” Dean interrupted his friend.
“Fiddlesticks, I am so sorry I forgot Dean,” Charlie cut him off from answering. She motioned towards a log for Kevin to sit on and walked him over to it. “Dean had a little scratch yesterday, he promised he would check it out.”
“Multiplayer team battle or something like that. His girlfriend is in it I think.”
Charlie rolled her eyes, “that’s what I’m saying, nitwit. Now, go get your man.”
“What?” Dean asked. Then he registered what Castiel meant. “Um... Yeah. No, yeah, we're good.”
"No Cas, nobody can tell the time by the sun."
Lol did I say before Christmas? I meant before Valentines day. ANYWAYS here is another chapter just for the few people still following my shitty story :)
“Tributes, shake hands,” Tessa’s voice was clear enough. Dean finally looked the girl in the eye and it snapped into place.
“Are you sure angel?” Dean sounded like it was taking all of his self-control not to bend Castiel in half right then and there. Castiel once again grinned at the power he had. He rolled around and spread his legs in a way he knew was obscene. Dean let out a small whine Castiel wasn’t even sure he knew he was making.
Krissy and Jesse lived on the same street, next to each other in fact. It was custom for them to do homework at his house. However, just walking through the door Krissy knew that wasn’t going to happen. The faint scent of liquor filled the air and she could see Mrs. Turner’s coat hung on the rack.
“I do not!” Castiel insisted.
Dean followed Castiel’s gaze and grabbed his arm. “Come on, let’s talk over her.” Castiel let himself be led away from the baseball team. When they were out of earshot Dean turned to Castiel again.
“What are you doing here?” Castiel hissed.
_--_+_--_
Sorry for the short chapter, writer's block is a PAIN. Hope you are all having a lovely day! Once again, comment what you think because I love hearing from y'all.
Castiel blinked open to a pair of worried green eyes set in a freckled face. When those eyes made contact with his they filled with relief. Castiel groaned and shut his eyes again but a fair of firm hands shook his shoulders.
“Do I need a costume?” Dean’s wide grin made something in Castiel's chest feel weird.
Michael rolled his eyes, “fine. Dean fucking Winchester would you like to join our team?”
“Yeah,” Dean smiled down at Castiel.
Dean chuckled and punched his arm lightly. "You never know though. Maybe the is a window at the top of the mines showing sunlight!" He let sarcasm leak into his tone.
“Er, yes. It’s called ‘Free to be You and Me.’ It’s about a farm girl and a prince.”
"Can you toss up my bow Dean? Cas already has his up here for some reason."  Dean laughed and walked over to the quiver and held it up with the bow inside. Charlie swung down and grabbed it then proceeded to pull herself up.
“You know about that?” Castiel asked both mortified and surprised.
"Dean…" Castiel choked out.
Her eyes widened, “oh!”
"Yes, my brother. He is who I had volunteered for."
(See the end of the chapter for
So instead, Castiel took on an air of nonchalance, “will it get me out of the ski trip?” He asked.
"Nope, thank god." Charlie put the knife into a bag. Now that Dean was reminded of the wound he looked down to see a tight white bandage wrapped around his bare torso.
“Ooh, can we get some Mcdonalds too?” Alfie bounced excitedly.
“Bitch.” Dean turned back to Castiel and realized he still had his arms around him. He smoothly slid his arms away and scratched his head. Castiel stepped back, glad to be free. “What are you doing home so early Sammy.”
Instead of saying that, Castiel just pulled the letter and placed it down on the counter between the two of them. He slid it over to Dean who looked down at it in surprise. He reached down and lifted it up carefully to examine it.
Castiel walked into the kitchen and filled a red cup with water. He sat on the counter and waited for a text back. Thankfully, it was only a couple of minutes.
Jo shook her head. “You know better than that. I don’t do school trips.”
“Jo, you?”
"Yeah but why- oh woah there buddy." Cas reached for his vine belt and started untying it.
“Shut up,” Jo laughed, “I want my theme to be “the supernatural is real” and stuff. I did you because Cassiel is the Angel of Sorrow and the death of kings. The youth have the potential to be so much, to rule the world. So when a child dies a king or queen dies.”
“Excuse me what?” Dean stared with wide eyes at the boy. Whatever the word meant it didn't sound like anything pretty.
“You don’t want me to seem like a moron?”
The highs would be amazing. When Castiel finally gives in and publishes his supernatural book and immediately gets picked up for a TV series. When Castiel finishes premed in the span of two years and gets accepted into John Hopkins for Medical school. And for Dean, when he gets his masters in mechanical engineering.
Jo furrowed her eyebrows, “Dean it is light out.”
“I don’t,” Castiel deadpanned, now exceedingly uncomfortable. The smell of cheap vodka on Lee’s breath made his eyes burn. He desperately searched for an excuse to get out of the conversation. Dean had disappeared but his eyes locked on Charlie chatting with a girl outside by the pool. Lee opened his mouth to say something else but Castiel interrupted him.
“She was doing to good too.” His shoulders slumped. He turned his head to the living room, “Maybe she is asleep?”
“Yes he pays me to.” Sam flashed a bitchface at him. “Anyways, the games we have prepared for you lot today are fireboy and watergirl, X-type, and Ratmaze. I have never even heard of X-type and Ratmaze so I really hope that these are not kiddie games.”
Castiel was thinking he meant on the slopes, but when Jo and Charlie came over the next night to hang out, he learned otherwise. “You know everybody hooks up on the ski trip, right? It’s like a school-sanctioned booty call.”
“5, 4, 3,” Dean looked up to see Castiel staring at him, shaking his head. “2,” what was wrong with him. “1.”
Castiel felt his cheeks turn bright red and Dean looked far too pleased with himself. Castiel wanted to chastise Dean for suggesting they hook up in the school bathroom, but god help him, Castiel wanted to as well.
Castiel sat with Anna at lunch one day, which made Dean get really touchy and avoid him all day. That night at dinner he got a text from Dean.
All the students simultaneously turned their heads to check out who the new contender in the ring was. Well everybody except for Emily who was reading in the corner. When Krissy saw who it was she mildly swooned. She was always a sucker for cute couples. The man at the door with his cool blue eyes and ruffled black hair mixed with a brown eyed blonde who was shorter than him by at least seven inches was a very cute couple.
He grabbed the bottle and lighter and helped Cas get back on the bag.
“Fair enough, I’ll carry her.” The sound of a man grunting filled the air. Footsteps followed after.
“Can’t you tell we are trying to run away from your bullshit?” Jo asked. Despite her words, she still slowed down to a walk. Castiel and Dean followed her lead.
“Excuse me? What is wrong with my name?” Dean looked absolutely miffed. He couldn't imagine anybody finding his name dumb.
_--_+_--_
“How we doin angel?” Dean asked against his lips. Castiel responded by grinding his ass down on Dean’s finger. Dean exhaled in surprise. Castiel thought he could feel him smiling. His slippery finger fucked slowly and gently into Castiel's ass.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel smiled after the kiss, “now are you going to sit there all useless or are you going to put in a thi-i-ird.
“I am a fangirl. You are a fanboy. Together we are fan friend. Besides,” she added as an afterthought, “at least we don't write fanfiction.”
“Yeah, so?”
“Yeah, that you had to sign up for.” Bella shook her head. “I’m sorry, but Joanna can’t come if she didn’t sign up or give a deposit.”
Castiel stuffed a goldfish into his mouth and chewed. It was hard to swallow. He watched Bella whisper something in Dean’s ear, and Jo fell asleep right away with her head on his shoulder.
Dean stopped his efforts to free himself from Castiel’s vice like grip on him in favor of going limp in shock. Seeing his childhood friend get her throat ripped out shocked him into enough submission for Castiel to run quickly away.
“Okay..” Anna trailed off, “see you around Winchester.” Castiel sank to the ground and Luke ran up to him licking his face.
“Really?”
“Stop, Cassie isn't going to be a stripper. He’s too young.” He gave Castiel a tight hug and whispered in his ear “if you need me, I'm a Skype call away. I am always here for you to talk to.”
“I’m going to regret asking why aren’t I?”
“Okay fine,” Castiel went to his closet to grab something to wear, feeling Dean’s eyes on him. "Can you please turn around?”
Gabriel too, though he preferred snowboarding to skiing.
"I wanted to say that it would be very appreciated to have people stop asking me to take off my shirt."
At one point Gabe tried to convince Jody who was still sniffling over Michael leaving. After an hour of arguing Castiel then found himself at a pet shelter on the main street.
“The year I went, people were skinny-dipping,” Charlie said dreamily. She laughed at Castiel’s surprised expression. “The girls just took their tops off. Just be prepared.”
Castiel took a deep breath, inhaling the smell. “Why did you not get back together with Bella when you had the chance,” he asked again nervously.
Charlie slapped his arm, “Dean you are not tobuscus. Shut up.” He only laughed and opened his mouth to continue his intro but was interrupted by Charlie, “hi my name is Charlie and me with my handmaiden Dean will be doing the girlfriend tag.”
“Okay fine, say I believe the multiple t-shirt excuse. That still doesn’t explain why you went to her room.” Castiel stared at Dean, waiting for his excuse.
It was rather terrifying, having all three of them charging at once. Dean held up his knife defensively and prepared to be shikebabed. But then he heard a faint swishing noise as a boy dropped down from a tree directly onto Lilith. He could hear her shout in surprise and the other boys stopped mid charge to look. Lucifer and Michael were distracted and stunned and Dean took that opportunity to run to the root and quietly leap over the edge.
“But I could of sworn,” she muttered. She shook her head, “anyways, I know where Kevin and Jo are.”
He turned to face a young boy who was sitting playing with a shaggy brown dog on the floor. He looked familiar but not in a way that Castiel had even talked to him before.
The rest of the classes leading up to lunch were uneventful. People kept staring at him and whispering but nothing monumental happened. His phone chirped as he was walking to his locker before lunch
“Hold on. Stop.” Dean held up his hand with a confused look on his face. “I'm not the only person that got a letter?” Castiel shook his head slowly. Dean let out a breath and leaned back. “Wow, you really think you're special, then you find out he wrote two people love letters.”
“Joanna Beth,” the teacher interrupted their conversation, “I do not believe I have the pleasure of you being in this class.”
“I can promise you I will never, ever… eat haggis.”
“Okay Kevin, I'm gonna butt boost you on three.” Kevin nodded and held up his hands for Charlie to grab. “One, two, three!” Dean put his hands underneath Kevin’s ass and shoved upwards. Once his torso was over the edge of the hole Dean grabbed Kevin’s good leg and push him up and out by his feet.
He sighed in defeat, “We don’t even know where the river is Charlie.”
Sam looked up and rolled his eyes at the shorter man, “everyone is a sasquatch to you dwarf.” The words were teasing but were filled with only fond amusement. Castiel raised an eyebrow at Dean who just shrugged, not knowing when that development happened either.
"Yeah you. Aren't you a part of our team." Kevin made him sound like it was obvious.
“Give me those,” Jody snatched the helmets from out of his hand. “Stop making fun of Castiel.”
He leaped down. "Okay Charlie, she is all yours. This lunatic is mine now." Cas looked up in surprise but smiled shyly, nodding Charlie away.
“Oh,” Kevin pulled the knife away and Dean turned around only to have Charlie jump him for the second time that day.
Anna blushed, “you can hardly judge me. You’re fake dating and for real sleeping with the guy you are in love with.” Castiel shrugged, she had a point.
Dean expected for her to jump the man but she just froze in shock. “Cas? I thought you were with the careers.”
"Nope."
“Ten points if you hit Bradbury,” Gabe gestured towards the redhead running walking by them with headphones in, dancing to some song.
“Zip up your coat,” she called out as they walked away. Gabe ignored her but Castiel zipped up his coat and watched her car drive off.
Castiel panicked again, if Anna confronted Castiel then Michael would definitely find out. He needed her to stop walking towards him and eradicate any thought of Castiel still having feelings for her. So, he did the first thing he could think of.
For some reason though whenever another tribute approached Castiel while Dean was there he became absolutely nasty. Once he and Dean had been weaving baskets using bark from a tree that they had to strip themselves. Dean had thought it pretty cool but he pretended to be bored while Cas got excited over telling a story about his best friend Uriel.
"Hey kiddo."
“What?”
“Surprised that Gabe hasn’t gotten himself killed?” Castiel asked wryly.
He leaped down and a the shock absorption went straight to his torso, causing a faint ache to spring up there.
Kevin nodded, “yeah okay. Charlie can you help? Dean and Jo look away please?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Figuring actions were better than words, Castiel made his way over to Dean and pressed him against the door in a bruising kiss. Dean grunted I’m surprised but he didn’t seem to have a problem with it as he returned Castiel’s kiss with hunger. Castiel hoisted Dean up who wrapped his legs around his waist.
“Nothing.”
“But it was your Led Zeppelin shirt,” Castiel said defensively, “you love that shirt.”
“They look hot,” admitted the woman reluctantly as Crowley put them on to their chariot.
Dean sobered up and grabbed Castiel’s hand, “you are doing fine. I’m sorry, I’ve been dating Bella off and on since middle school and other than that it is all hookups with people who know I don’t want a relationship. Starting a new one with you, even if it is fake, will take a minute to get used to.” Dean smiled what Castiel had heard other girls refer to as his ‘panty-dropping’ smile. “Also, I’m not gay so this whole you being a guy thing will take a moment too.”
Ten minutes later saw Alfie dropped off at school and Castiel and Gabe pulling into the parking lot.
“Yes,” Castiel awkwardly shook the keys in the air.
"Any idiot can tell the time by the sun."
“From what I remember that kiss was not hot as you seemed to think it was, since we were, ya know, in seventh grade? And I think it's really cool you think I have ‘eyes as green as sea glass with flecks of gold when it catches the light.’ It's just,” Dean had read that entire thing from a familiar piece of paper in his hand that Castiel hadn’t noticed before. He felt his world start to swim in a panic since he had written that exact line in a letter he wrote in seventh grade.
The other boy just tilted his head, "My brother calls me Cassie. I guess Cas is less detestable." Dean felt something hot near his hands and jumped at the fire Cas had started. "Perhaps, Dean Winchester, you might come to discover that by not practicing you draw more attention to yourself."
Castiel went to remove his shirt but was stopped by Dean’s hand. He furrowed his brows in confusion. He watched as Dean hungrily took in the sight of him.
That left Castiel and Dean standing in the lobby, neither of them saying anything. Neither of them broke eye contact.  Castiel finally spoke first.
Dean examined the knife while Charlie worked on fashioning a water bottle holder out of bark. It was about as long as his forearm and wickedly sharp. It was light so Dean knew it would be easy for travel.
"Why am I shirtless? Also, where did this come from?" He picked at the white bandage.
“I have no clue,” he whispered. He looked down at his top which was once again stained dark with blood.
"S-S-Sam," he blubbered. "Yeah of c-course I'm alright, bitch." He struggled with wiping all the tears from his cheeks.
"Maybe? Um…just…" Castiel breathed. He looked at Dean biting his lip so hard it looked painful. "O-okay."
“Hey,” Castiel said back.
Sam nodded and handed over the envelope, “be careful with that. Dean will kill me if he finds out that I not only took that but damaged it.”
“Lee can’t keep his fucking hands to himself,” Dean seethed. Lee didn’t respond to that, because he was unconscious.
Dean nodded and turned around to face the wall. He leaned over to Jo on his right, “so you come here often?”
Castiel sighed. “It doesn’t matter Dean. There are none here.”
“Dean, it doesn’t matter to me how you look. I don’t care if you can no longer ‘get it up’ as you would put it. I love your soul. I love your laugh. I love how fiercely protective you are over those who you love. I love how you love star trek and other movies that make no sense to me. I love how you are still loyal to a father who died years ago and forgive everyone for their mistakes. I love how you hate chick flick moment such as these. I love how you love me and I love you.”
Before they hopped out of the car, Jody pulled a hat out of her coat pocket. It was made of light light blue yarn with a pom-pom on top. She fit it on Castiel's head so that it covered his ears. “I found this in the hall closet. I think it was one of your dad’s. He was such a great skier.”
“I’ve been around.” Castiel’s eyes flicked over to look at Dean, but he wouldn’t meet his eyes. “I saw you guys on the slopes.”
“Okay, spill.” Castiel sighed and put down the bag. He told her the whole story of his fake relationship and how it had started. Charlie, to her credit, managed to keep her thoughts to herself and not interrupt throughout. At the end of his story though, she started laughing.
“WHAT THE HELL IS THE PIT?”
"Dean why didn't you tell me sooner. Novak could be trying to manipulate you, ya idjit." Bobby glowered at Dean, snapping back to the present. In hindsight, it probably should have told Bobby some time before his interview was about to begin.
Once they were done Dean pulled out a bowl and put a large slice of the pie on the plate and a generous scoop of ice cream. He motioned for Castiel to follow and sit at the table next to him.
Castiel watched as Dean slowly moved his gaze over Castiel’s body. Stopping when he reached his eyes. “Can I kiss you again?” Dean asked. The way he said it though he may as well had asked if he could bend him over the bed and fuck him. Something Castiel would probably have said yes to as well, considering how turned on he was. But he knew he wasn’t going to last much longer.
One of her friends leaned towards them conspiratorially. “So... Dish. What's up with you and Winchester?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “yes.”
Once she walked away Dean turned back to Castiel, “actually, I stopped at your house, your aunt said you'd probably be here. Just, look, I wanna be super clear. Okay?”
“Er, no?” Sam replied. His eyes were too innocent. Once again, Castiel decided it wasn’t his problem. He nodded and walked away. Sam slammed the door behind him.
Dean turned to Cas, "on three."
Castiel cocked his head in confusion, “he was just apologizing for Bella being rude.”
"What?" Dean was looking at him like he was crazy.
Somebody slammed the locker door in front of him and dramatically draped herself across the locker in front of him.
"So you two weren't screwing around behind my back?"
“Are you trying to reject me right now?” Castiel asked, trying not to laugh.
“It’s not bad,” Dean promised, “I just want to get this off my chest because it’s only fair you know.”
"Charlie washed it. We hung it up to dry over there," Castiel said softly, he pointed towards a rock that was soaking in the sun.
“Can I hold your hand?” Dean asked quietly. It seemed kind of silly to ask for permission to hold hands after that but Castiel knew he was trying his best.
Castiel just smiled and turned away as he yawned.
Dean blinked in surprise, “sorry?”
“Hnngh,” was the only word that Castiel could come up with.
Sam looked at him like he was an idiot, “It’s the same time as I usually get home.” Dean and Castiel looked up at the clock at the same time and saw the time read 10:17 pm. Castiel realized with mortification that what had felt like just a few minutes of kissing Dean had actually been nearly 20. Dean’s time went off and he ran over to check the pie in the oven.
Dean stared blankly at Castiel and raised an eyebrow. “Do you mean?”
“Please refrain from insulting me while we are about to do this,” speak of the devil and he shall appear. Castiel walked into view with his hair all ruffled as if he had just had sex. His blue eyes were visible even in the firelight. "You would hardly be in a laughing matter if the other tribute from your district died."
Kali rolled her eyes and walked away. “Whatever.”
“Yeah.”
"Why?"
“Yeah, don’t let him hear you say that though. It will affect his manliness.” The boy laughed at his own joke. “Oh look, that one seems to like you.” Castiel looked down to see a large dog hobble over to him on three legs and start sniffing his shoes.
“He’s at the garage,” Dean walked over to the fridge and grabbed a can of ginger ale and coke. He slid the ginger ale over to Castiel and then opened his own drink. “So where to start?” He asked.
Dean saw him, Castiel knew that he saw him. So why did he ignore him?
“Why?”
“Then you better bring a lot of singles,” Castiel said. Dean snorted. “What?”
They spent about an hour under the tree before Charlie perked up again, “you ready to go look for them?” He nodded.
"No girl? Everyone seems to say you got a girl at home to return home to."
“Clearly, as you stated last night.”
“I swallowed a bunch of souls and let leviathan loose on the world. I also damaged your brother.”
He held his hand out for the keys and Anna dropped them in his hand. “Thanks, Anna.”
"Should I stop?"
“Yes,” Castiel said solemnly.
“I thought you still had feelings for Anna,” Dean muttered fiercely, fingers flexing on Castiel’s slim hips as he kissed him.
“Not helping Cas. Anyways, we can’t afford to waste any more of our supplies on me.”
Charlie made a panicky sound. “What do we do? He is just gonna pop them again if we put in new ones and we can't leave it open. He will bleed to death.
"Ye-es." Castiel moaned in surprise at a soft nip to the small of his back.
Letting himself get lost in the kiss was easy. Eventually, he felt himself relaxing and deepening the kiss on his own. He felt the start of Dean’s tongue enter his mouth when the front door opened. Shocking the two of them apart.
“Well it is something that makes me
“Do I have any control here?”
"I'm not very well at noticing sarcasm but I am assuming that statement contained a lot of it?" Cas said dryly. His face was still a adorably pink with embarrassment. Adorably in an objective way of course.
District 9 - Jake - 7, Krissy - 6
,” Dean said. Castiel let out a pleased hum as Dean began to palm his ass, then he let out a pleased sigh as Dean claimed his mouth again.
"What why?"
“Telling?”
Charlie reached back for the braid and tied it off. "So, are we gonna get going any time soon? I wanna find somewhere safe to sleep tonight, it is way too open here for my taste."
“Take your shirt off,” Castiel ordered. He was surprised at the authority in his tone as he said it. Dean’s eyes darkened as he backed away, undoing the buttons on the shirt as quickly as he could. At the sight of the wisps of chest hair Castiel felt his mouth go dry. Dean was taking too long.
Dean looked up at him after that, eyes searching Castiel's face. Whatever he saw made him take a step forward, edging slightly into Castiel’s space. They were so close, all he would need to do to close the gap would be take a step forward. He could smell Dean’s intoxicating scent of apples, wood, and something that was just completely Dean. Castiel averted his eyes to the floor.
“Do you have to compliment him every video?” asked Kevin.
“Holy shit Charlie,” he shouted.
Castiel as somebody wrapped their arms around him from behind. Castiel jumped and instinctively tried to move away, hiding his phone in the process.
“You and Dean fucked?” Charlie whispered. Castiel felt his cheeks heat up and he ducked his head.
A gasp. “You sure?”
“Shall we my handmaiden?” Charlie waggled her eyebrows suggestively.
“It’s gorgeous.”
“What are you gonna say to Milton?” Dean asked.
Krissy was ready to snap her best friends pencil in half. So help her god if he kept on jabbing it into her the saintlike patience that didn’t even exist was going to snap. Instead of taking rash actions she merely turned to glare and him.
Alfie sighed, “look Castiel, It's not that I want you to date somebody just for them to give you rides…”
The next morning after that had been similar to every other morning, except Castiel was with Dean when they drove to pick up his siblings. Gabe had teased him and made dirty jokes while Alfie was just happy Castiel had made him the brownies as he promised. Dean had just laughed it off, making Gabe lose interest and go back to bickering with Sam. Castiel found himself in a good mood despite himself.
“Sam, you know me. I have dealt with much worse than a bunch of teenagers trying to stab me.” He sat down next to Sam and nudged his shoulder, “just think of all the pie the capitol has. Maybe when I win I can bring you some.”
Dean thought up a hundred different reasons for why that would be a bad idea. His particular favorite would be the sword trapped to Castiel’s back. But looking in Castiel’s hope filled eyes seemed to chase all of the warning bells in his head, so he did the stupid. “Sure Cas.”
Now, the only thing that Castiel could hide behind was his own insecurity. His own doubt that Dean wouldn’t get back together with Bella at any moment. He already knew that Dean used to love him, and Castiel knew that he still loved Dean. He desperately wanted for Dean to say that he still loved him too.
“Are you sure she isn’t just a demon in human form?” Dean laughed but Castiel kept staring him down.
Charlie and Jo had met them when they arrived, forming a wall around Castiel to fend off Dean and anybody trying to tease him about the sex tape. He had insisted it wasn’t necessary but Charlie confessed Jo just wanted an excuse to intimidate freshmen.
“It's how Scottish people say fun,” Alfie replied innocently, “right? Like, "You're a good craic." I looked it up.” Jody breathed a sigh of relief that she didn’t need to give her 11-year-old the drug talk.
“Gabe can’t drive?” Dean asked in surprise.
Castiel nodded, burying his face again. Dean pulled his finger out. Castiel felt empty and cold, and his cock throbbed from where it hung between his thighs. There was the wet sound of the lubricant, then Dean circles two fingers at Castiel's entrance.
Castiel took a deep breath in the sitting position, trying to make sense of what happened. Dean had a letter he had written and hidden in his room in seventh grade, cool. Castiel had found out and panicked so badly he fainted. Also, very cool.
Lastly was a boy from district eleven. He seemed bored if anything. The boy, Gabriel, had looked almost amused when his female counterpart, Anael, tried to shake his hand. He mouthed something to her that made her started cackling as she left the stage.
“To find out why you are sitting here alone and not practicing any of the combative skills.”
“What does king Michael want?” Dean teased. He leaned against the locker next to Castiel’s and absentmindedly picked at a bit of sticker glue.
_--_+_--_
“Where is Bobby?” Castiel asked as he walked inside. He slid the letter into one of his pockets as he sat at the counter.
District 5 - Harry - 3, Meg - 8
Despite his needling though, Dean refused to teach him the apple pie recipe.
Michael smiled and gave Alfie a hug, “keep an eye on the idiots for me will you kid?”
“The Goodwill boxes?” Castiel tried to stifle his rising panic as he ran it by in his head. He had kind of just shoved all his clothes in the boxes that didn’t fit him anymore, and he vaguely remembered putting a couple of shoeboxes away. “No, no no no no no,” Castiel began muttering under his breath.
“Alright, let me go. Please I gotta go. My plane is gonna depart soon.”
Comment what you think :-)
TW: Sexual assault. See the end of the chapter notes for where to avoid/what happens so you don't have to read it.
“Well she did break up with Winchester a couple of weeks ago, so she's got half of the traits down.” She elbowed him as they passed by Charlie who was pretending to jog while on her phone. “Maybe spending so much time being an evil spawn aged her a couple of years and she is mentally middle-aged.” They jogged in silence for a few seconds before Jo added, “ I bet if you told her you were Misha Collins she might stop bullying you.”
“No, I expect my aunt to turn around and change her mind any second. What is the point in getting invested in a dog somebody else will adopt?”
“I think I like it.”
“The second you learn you are going to fake dump me,” Dean teased, “I need something to keep you coming back.”
“First lesson Castiel,” Dean said. He sounded slightly short of breath, “you can touch me. It looks more natural than if you just sit there like a statue.” The feeling of Dean’s words against his lips was definitely something Castiel was going to include in his second draft of his new novel.
He looked up at he and saw her turn to run away from the hounds just as a particularly large one leapt over the wall of fur, claws, and teeth. His shadow loomed over his friend and she seemed to sense just moments before for a smile crossed her face.  She closed her eyes and grabbed at her throat. The teeth flashed she screamed  and a canon went off.
“I gotta say hi to Benny, hang with Lee for a second?” Dean asked Castiel.
Dean laughed harshly causing the others to all jump at once.
"Thank you."
Castiel was surprised that Mary had let Dean around the oven so young.
I’ll watch fight Gym.”
Dean crossed his arms, “what do you expect for me to do if I can’t do anything combative?”
“Yes, but that one wouldn’t kill unless somebody made him at gunpoint. Lilith is still breathing.”
“You volunteered for him,” oh.
“Well yeah,” she shrugged, “I heard Kali is going and that girl is
"Does that feel good?" Dean's lips moved softly on his back.
Dean chuckled, “so like an eight. Unfortunately we got to move you over to the fire man, so this is gonna get to a nine.” Kevin groaned but let Dean drag him over to Charlie. It took about two minutes so they only had to wait about ten for Jo to return. Dean was thanking the heavens that she had a handful of vines along with a bunch of big leaves.
Dean smiled, “you are the most polite fake boyfriend ever.”
Dean raised an eyebrow at her, “sorry?”
“What party?” Castiel asked.
“I gotta go, brother, Andrea is waiting for me by the hot tub.” Benny began to back away.
"Charlie give me the bow, go to Kevin." Dean was gentle in his tone. "He has a knife sticking out of his gut. He is gonna die and I think he wants to die with a friend."
“Crowley?”
“I would ask him about his car. I mean, how do you even find a beauty like that,” said Jesse.  Mr. Novak made an even louder noise. “Are you ok Mr. Novak?”
He looked up at the clock to check the time and sighed. “Your ten minutes are up.” Castiel stood up from the stool and began to move to walk to the door.
“Getting a burger, obviously.” Dean smiled and waved at a waitress.
“Fine, whatever, I don’t care.” Bella turned on her heel and spun off in Ms. Moseley’s direction.
"How close is sunset?" Dean asked, not wanting to talk about it.
Castiel just held him close and kept running.  “RUN!” Dean could hear Jo shout.
"Glad to see you awake sleeping beauty, I was about to ask Cas to kiss you awake."
“Did you grope my ass?”
“Hey what the hell,” a very angry male voice shouted next to him. Castiel looked up as Dean ran over and grabbed Lee away from him, slamming him against the wall.
Castiel rolled his eyes and shuddered, “I very much doubt the college board would appreciate a nude of somebody who is just barely legal.”
“Poughkeepsie?” Charlie shouted.
What better way to put out that burn than the drowning heartbreak which would come from listening to Dean recount cheating on him.
Soon, the small room smelled like a strangely intoxicating blend of garlic and chocolate. Castiel slowly sipped the wine. It wasn’t even that good. It tasted like super bitter white grape juice and didn’t go down that easy.
“Your argument is stupid.”
“Dean what’s that?” Jo asked. Dean whipped his head to stare at the trio which were watching them. Kevin was leaning on Charlie’s shoulder dependently and she was barely able to support him. Jo was staring open mouthed at Cas’s hand on his hip.
“Yeah, kid’s sixteen now so he convinced Bobby he was okay to go. Apparently he lost a bet to Gabe so now he has to go.”
“Looking at you being irresponsible,” Bella spoke up. They both looked up at the same time. Castiel had almost forgotten that she was there. “How you been Dean?”
After three more beers, Castiel was finally starting to feel something. The beer he had drunk was nasty and he wanted that ginger ale drink Dean gave him earlier, but after Castiel’s little tantrum Dean had disappeared. Sighing, Castiel took out his phone.
Sure enough, it was only an hour later that they could hear the sounds of people crashing through the trees and shrubbery. Gordon froze and reached for his bag, but he was to late to run.
Castiel looked up at him in confusion, “what?”
District 5 - Harry
As they walked away Gabe walked up to Castiel holding a kitten and nudged him conspiratorially, “chatting you Dean Winchester? Maybe you can dethrone Bella from her perch.”
“We’ve had sex before though,” Castiel pointed out. Even as he said it though, he knew it didn’t mean anything. This time felt different. This time Dean was caressing his body like he was the most precious thing, this time it felt like making love.
“You are going to work on skills for survival. Also, if at all and option see if there is an option on making weapons.” Dean nodded.
Jesse laughed but they knew there was no denying it. On the screen holding hands with half of Krissy’s otp was one half of her otp. “Well crap.”
“Damn, that sucks. Aquila was only doing their job.”
"I'm fine Cas," he waved away his friend's concern though it gave him faint butterflies. "You should have seen Charlie though, that girl is badass."
“Bobby, both Dean and I have tried to explain. Making him eat salad is like making him eat poop. Get him some meat.” Dean nodded appreciatively in Jo’s direction.
Dean groaned, "what are you getting at? I just miss the guy and his stupid binge watching. I miss his stupid nativity when it comes to my damned sexual innuendoes and his stupid love for pbj and his stupid self sacrificing nature and his stupid efforts to be like me and not tell anyone about his personal shit. I miss that stupid moron so much Sam." Dean gestured to the letter, "knowing that he believes we don't care for him makes it so much worse."
Castiel was certain that by the time the ski trip came around, Dean and him would be ancient history, and that was the only reason he agreed.
He smiled, “yeah. What can I say, I’m a sucker for a good love story. I am sure my friend will agree to let you team.” Jo and Bobby were so going to kill him.
John looked as confused as Dean felt. “Why wouldn’t I come here? I gave you my lucky bullet and I need it back.” John snorted, “I doubt that it is too lucky, though.”
“How could I even look at another person when I am hopelessly gone on you.”
“What can I say, Mr. Turner, I am really passionate about. Um…” Jo looked around the room, “algebra?”
"Wait, just—Oh my god."
“This sounds like the Wild West,” Castiel muttered. He had heard rumors that the ski trip was kind of wild, but the girls were making it sound crazy.
“Sixth-grade dance, right?”
“Oh, my God,” Castiel muttered in horror.
That didn’t seem to relieve Dean. “Yeah, your mouth is saying something, but then your mouth said something different, and you don’t need to be dating to try and hook up.”
Benny sighed, but he didn’t seem surprised. “I’ll sober him up.” He leaned down and effortlessly slung Lee over his shoulder.
“Well Benny has a girlfriend already so that must be right up his alley,” a snarky voice cut in. Bella sat on the couch across from him while two of her friends sat on either side of her and one sat next to them.
“Oh, Bella. I'm so sorry, I wasn't paying attention,” Castiel tried to stammer out an apology.
Dean just painted and tried to close the gap between them for a kiss. He canted his hips up into Castiel's hand and made a noise that Castiel was dying for him to make again. When Castiel leaned away from the kiss, Dean stared up at him in confusion.
He managed five minutes of walking before he got nervous with the awkward air surrounding them. “So, how did you get a nine?”
“Cas!” Dean called when he noticed him. Castiel looked up to him and began walking in his direction.
Alfie slid his box across the table to him, “I saw you throw these out and I thought you might want them someday.” Castiel looked at him in confusion then peeked inside. Sure enough, a whole pile of folded papers was inside. Each one had his name written in some variation. He grabbed one at random.
“You always do,” Dean said softly, almost reverently. The moment passed and he crossed his arms in front of himself defensively, “you didn’t answer my question.”
“Handmaiden? I thought I was king.”
Jo took advantage of their temporary incapacitated state to run up to Kevin, wrap his arm around her shoulder and drag him into the tree line. Dean turned to see Charlie running towards him and gesturing for him to follow the others. They just ran into the cover before he heard Lucifer start to curse.
When he turned the corner he bumped into Charlie who was walking with Kali who looked unamused with her antics. She looked at Castiel in pleasant surprise.
“Where is Sam?” Castiel asked Gabe.
“Don’t remind me,” Castiel growled. Jo opened her mouth, undoubtedly to tease him some more. Fortunately, she was interrupted by Dean calling after Castiel.
“Hey guys, help me get Kevin out.” Dean nodded and motion for Jo to help Charlie with Kevin's arms. Then he leaped down into the hole.
“Misha Collins?” Dean asked.
Charlie raised an eyebrow, “In the announcements last week they said there were still spots left.”
He winked, “I bet you are.” Castiel felt his cheeks get warm. Still, Dean handed over the glass. Castiel looked up to check the time: 9:50 pm.
“What were you reading?” He asked conversationally.
"Good like that?"
Jesse just turned to Krissy, raising his eyebrow. He tilted his head in a ‘what is that about’ manner. She just shrugged hers ‘I don’t even know.’
“From the beginning, Dean made it clear that he was only pretending to date me because he wanted to make Bella jealous. Even if there was a small part of him that liked me, it was never any more than her. I’ll always be his second choice.” Castiel looked down at his hands, avoiding eye contact.
“Probably to kill us, I say we kill him first.”
“Yes that would be amusing, his legs are very short.” Dean snorted at Castiel’s words. For a moment the awkward tension between them had dissipated and it felt like old times. Then Castiel remembered what had happened and he felt his walls close up again.
Dean paused his washing of the dishes, “yeah?”
Castiel tried to not get upset. After the whole ‘kissing Dean’ debacle, she had stopped talking to him and put his home phone number on a craigslist ad saying he was “a sexy single woman looking for a night of fun.” The calls that his dad got afterward made them need to change their home number and get craigslist to take down the ad. Bella ended up suspended and she hadn’t forgiven him since.
“Cheese!” Alfie shouted excitedly.
“I knew I liked you for a reason.”
“Basically,” her laugh was a cute little thing. “So how did you get your eleven?”
“She did want to get back together,” Dean nodded, “that part was true at least.”
“Last I checked we were doing this so you could get Bella back,” Castiel reminded him.
Castiel nodded and looked up at the stars, “will you watch the sky with me Dean? After all, you are the one on watch. It must get lonely.”
So far, Castiel had managed to keep his writing career a secret. As close as friends he and Dean were, he knew that once Bella made her move to get back with him that it would be all over. He wasn’t sure he could trust Dean to not tell Bella.
Only to be stopped by an arrow peaking out of her throat.
"Wait!"
“That’s the one,” Dean laughed. “I saw it in a bookstore when shopping for Sam and I’ve always kind of had a thing for hot doctors.” Dean coughed uncomfortably. “Anyways, I read it and it was such a good book I did some internet digging and found out it was you.”
“One would think my actions have proved otherwise Dean. Anyways, didn't we already have this discussion.”
“Ok Kev, where did she get you?”
Dean felt his face grow warm. "I am hardly righteous. You make me sound like some type of hero."
“What?” Charlie asked in surprise.
“What?” Castiel looked at him quizzically.
Jody nodded. “He’s a good kid. He’s really taken with you, Castiel.”
“You are seriously writing this down?”
Dean and Jo. You are the bait along with me. You will both look hindered having to help me move and people will be more than likely willing to attack if Dean is hindered. They don't see Jo as a threat. So, Dean you will be the one to drag me out of the fight will Cas covers us."
He smiled at her concern, “relax. I was just keeping watch. Go back to sleep, you only got like an hour of it.”
Bloody hell. How did Cas get such a good score?
“Hello, you are Dean correct?” He approached him at the fire making station. He was working with rock and learning how to recognize the stones.
“Are you really Misha Collins?”
“I know you saw me on the slopes and I know you heard me.”
“And you will be baking it?” Castiel asked. He did not know that Dean was a baker, much less knew how to make an apple pie. What little he knew of baking is that pie was unbelievably difficult to make from scratch.
Castiel was never one to beat around the bush when it came to conflict. “I’m sorry, did I do something to piss you off?”
"BOOM"
“Yeah?” Castiel raised an eyebrow. He wasn’t as naive as everybody seemed to think he was.
That stopped Dean right in his tracks, "seriously, you are playing that card?"
“Yeah, Charlie just scared the shit out of me.”
“Ask me again why I came here, even though I was completely convinced that you cheated on me with Bella.”
“Did you ever read the letters? You know, the ones he spent every morning at the counter on? One time he forgot the letter before we left and we ended up running late because he didn’t want to forget it. ‘Just in case Casreads it this time’ is what he said when I asked why it was so important.”
Cas had a sad expression on his face but he stood up next to Dean.
“I thought we agreed not to talk about it.”
"Charlie do you have anything we could use as stitches?"
Dean nodded as the doors opened up, “So she seems mediocre and I seem like a dunce.”
When he talked to Michael on the phone that night, he told him he was going on the ski trip.
Dean frowned. “Then how am I supposed to know she is jealous?”
Dean turned his head and Castiel could have sworn Dean saw him, but he kept walking. Castiel stared at him in confusion.
They sat there on the riverbank in silence breathing in heavily. Moments passed as Cas sat there trying to breath and Charlie was coughing up water. Dean clutched at the makeshift bandage and grunted in pain. Cas’ eyes flashed up to him, his baby blues filled with concern. Dean just waved him off. The trio seemed to be in too much shock to speak. Cas broke the silence eventually though.
“10, 9, 8,” Dean got in running position. He looked at the matches pointedly, if he couldn’t get anything else he would have that.
In love with Castiel, knowing he loved him too.
"Cas?" He gasped out.
“This was supposed to be you saving Dean from Bella, and him saving you from yourself.” Jo looked at him nervously, “I know you two weren’t actually together, but when I did I thought you two seemed to make each other a better person. You seemed happy.”
“You like that?” Dean asked teasingly.
"It was just a nightmare Dean, you are okay." His monotone voice was oddly comforting. "Just breath with me okay?" Cas pulled in a breath slowly and he attempted to copy his breathing pattern.
Dean grinned his perfect grin. “So? I guess I must be crazy for you.”
Sam was breathing heavily and glaring at Dean, “why did you volunteer?” He punched Dean in the gut again. “Do you think me too weak for the games? Why would you want to sacrifice yourself?” Sam sat down and put his head in his hands, “You basically sold your soul for me not to go into the games.”
Castiel kept his eyes peeled for Dean but he hadn’t seen him yet, and it was starting to feel a bit bleak out there all alone.
Castiel nodded, pulling up a blanket to cover their bodies. Hesitantly, he began to run his fingers through Dean’s hair. Soon, he fell asleep to the sound of Dean’s breathing and the music outside.
Castiel turned around in confusion, “I’m sorry?”
“You did that,” Charlie reminded him.
"Of course," Castiel smirked up at Dean, “I never do something I don’t want to.” Dean still hesitated. "I'll tell you if it hurts too much," Castiel insisted.
Castiel’s face felt hot. “I think you’ve finally gone crazy.”
He came upon Dean sitting in the pool, looking pensive. Thankfully he was in his trunks, Castiel was sure if Dean had been completely nude he would not have been able to think straight. The shirtlessness was almost enough to completely distract him.
“Wow, that’s ice cold.” The kid smiled crookedly and laughed, “well same goes for me and my brother. But I figured I would hang out with this good boy while I wait for him to change his mind.”
“Yeah?” Castiel raised an eyebrow and leaned back against the pillow.
“Just, tell me what to do okay?”
Castiel carried Dean over to the bed with him still wrapped around him. He nearly stumbled when Dean moved his lips to his neck and began to suck a mark into his skin.
“What the hell
“Cas, what happened? I can’t help if you won’t tell me what’s wrong,” Dean tried to rub Castiel’s shoulder reassuringly but Castiel turned on him angrily.
He grabbed Dean's shoulders, "are you okay Dean?" Panic colored Cas' eyes as he took in his whole figure, searching for any injuries.
Castiel turned back to Jo, “I thought you said you hated this look.”
“Oh really,” Dean scoffed, “must be true because Castiel knows everything right?”
“Like, you can fuck me.” Dean blushed to his ears. Castiel could imagine it. He had had Dean’s mouth around his cock, he knew it was hot and wet and amazing. He could only imagine it if he had Dean’s hole around him. He knew that it would be amazing and that Castiel would come instantly.
Dean saw Charlie notching an arrow in her bow. “I am Dean fucking Winchester.”
“Yes,” Castiel hissed, "don't make me say it again."
Regardless of how little sense it made, Castiel wanted that hateful look to leave his face. “Dean, I’m sorry.”
“Dean-“ he began but Dean shushed him.
“Yes Dean, I saw. I was the one who led Charlie to you.”
“Fine, but you have to completely ignore Bella for at least the first month.”
“Probably somewhere with naked women. If it was anywhere else, I would be
“Oh come on, girls and guys would go nuts over those pretty blues, cheer up the dying patients and young children."
Anna sighed like he was asking for something huge. “Hold on.” Then she disappeared.
But Castiel knew he couldn’t say that out loud. He wasn’t ready to get his heart broken again, and Dean still hadn’t answered the question.
District 11 - Anael
“I feel like I should confess my feelings for you more often if it gets you this riled up,” Castiel teased. Dean groaned as Castiel’s hand crept between his legs, caressing.
Castiel grinned and shot one of his hands up to the back of Dean’s neck, pulling him down to close the space between their lips.
“That’s our cue. Think Lee is gone?” Charlie went over to the door to let the kid in. The girl’s eyes widened when he saw Castiel.
While Kevin dragged himself over to the jacket Dean walked over to Charlie. “Where is your quiver?”
The rest of the day passed as normal. He went to class, met Dean at the bleachers for lunch, kept going through the class, then went home. Castiel walking out of the shower and nearly screamed in surprise at Dean sitting on his bed, reading one of his books. In his surprise, he nearly dropped the towel wrapped around his waist.
Dean looked up at his friend in amazement. He could hear Cas crashing in through the tree line.
“Bradbury is getting laid isn’t she?” Dean whispered to Castiel who shuddered as the image popped into his head. He laughed at the look on Castiel’s face and passed him one of the cups. “One ginger ale for the old man.”
"Do you still want to?"
Gadreel froze and turned around to see, nothing. Jo took advantage of his distraction and elbowed him in the sweet spot.
“And she felt bad about leaving you home alone just working on your novel all night,” Alfie added. Castiel looked at Jody who didn’t deny it.
Then, headlights were beaming down the street. It was Dean’s car. He’d come back. Castiel handed Anna her set of keys and ran over to his driveway. Over his shoulder, he called out, “Thanks, Anna!”
“Looks like it.”
"Good. Good." And Dean sounded genuinely pleased. Not gloating, but excited and nervous and happy. Castiel lean back a bit to pull Dean into a kiss, smiling contentedly at Dean’s enthusiasm. Dean started to fuck Castiel with his whole finger while kissing him, and Castiel wanted to burst out of his skin with it.
“Bye Sam!” Dean shouted as the peacekeeper closed the door on his face. Dean was alone. Dean was alone and he doubted he would ever get a chance to see Sam again. He shoved the package into his pocket before the door opened again. This time John was standing there.
Castiel looked in the box and sorted the rest into the order of the numbers on it. Most of the notes were simple sweet things like that, talking about how smart, how sweet, how dorky Castiel was. Then he got to the one that was from the day after the party.
“30, 29, 28,” Dean looked at Jo and got a nod in confirmation. Kevin gave him a wink and Charlie rolled her eyes mouthing “this is a little dramatic.” He smiled and looked around at the people, curious at where they were.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. The High School ski trip was infamous for being the location where more students lost their virginity than Senior Week and Prom combined. He had never been because he was usually in the middle of finishing the second draft of his novels. It was also in January, three months away.
“What do you keep looking at?” Alfie asked.
“I ain’t gonna complain. You see where the other asshole went?”
“No?” Castiel tried. The sound of her boots walking towards him echoed. She stopped in front of the stall he was in and slid an envelope under the door with her home address written in Castiel’s handwriting on it.
"A Charlie?"
“That reminds me,” Charlie added before Jo could start harassing him, ”I’m definitely going on the ski trip.”
Hungrily, Castiel smashed their lips together. He felt Dean’s hands reach up to wrap around his back and hold him in place, returning the kiss with just as much desperation as Castiel put into it. Castiel moved his own hands to grip Dean’s hair, pulling slightly. Dean moaned quietly into Castiel’s mouth in encouragement.
“I promise,” Castiel lied. Gabe rolled his eyes, seeing right through him.
"Well I'm not gonna win so I don't see what is the big deal is about it. It would be easier for all of you to let me die."
“Can you stay this age forever?”
“Jesse, you mom is like a demon when she drinks. Do you really want to risk it?”
"Dean are you all right?"
As he watched, what Dean has said slowly began to sink in.
“Hey, Castiel, you in there?” Charlie Bradbury’s voice rang out through the bathroom.
After school on the bus Krissy was convinced that everyone had gone bloody mental, including Jesse. He was kind of flopping around in his seat repeatedly whispering “oh my gosh Krissy.” He turned to her with wide eyes that begged her to understand, making those weird gasping sounds.
"Because you love him too?"
"Why am I not bleeding anymore?"
"You were out for about four hours and the sun was still rising when we woke up. I'm guessing about eight hours?"
“Ms. Harvelle, you of all people shouldn’t be trying to be teaching life lessons.”
“This is a very nice party.” Castiel offered, unsure of what to say to the inebriated man.
“Forgot to mention, it isn’t as gentle as wine.” Castiel glared at Dean’s amusement and handed back the glass. “And no, he walks home from the library most of the time so he won't be here till a quarter after ten.  Dean finished off the drink and his scampi. Castiel found himself watching his mouth as it closed around the fork. A brilliant idea came to mind.
Sam frowned, "I am confused on  something here."
"Go get it."
“What? Why?” Castiel raised an eyebrow in confusion.
“What?”
Castiel looked back up at Dean and they stared at each other processing what just happened, simultaneously bursting into laughter.
“Relax man, he’s getting to know you. Let him sniff your hand and let him. Er well,” the kid blushed, “her.”
"Maybe he wanted to be alone for a little." She shrugged. He nodded and went to picking at the bandage while she sat beside him on the dirt. Charlie rested her head on his knee and looked up at him. "He never left your side while you were out you know."
Also, coincidentally, the topic of one of his love letters. The story of how he got in the mix was kind of embarrassing to modern-day Castiel.
“Can I take off your pants?” He suggested.
“What?” Dean asked, looking towards Anna.
Dean felt a rush of anger overcome him and began to rush at the man with a knife to his best friend's throat, something held him back though. He turned around in anger only to be pushed against a tree with a hand covering his mouth. Cas reach for Dean's belt and held up his knife slowly.
Across the parking lot, Dean was standing with Sam talking to Bella. He said something that made her laugh. He looked up as Castiel approached and gave him a wide smile and greeting wave. Bella walks gave him a sour look then walked away, staring down at her clipboard.
"JO!" She looked up at him. "WE ARE GONNA RUN TO THE PIT."
Castiel went about getting dressed and ready while he waited for a response. He was about to go down to breakfast when his phone dinged.
Dean opened up the drawer and looked down into in expecting what was always there but there was a small envelop there, right on top of everything. He reached for it curiously to see an awkward scrawl that could be nobodies other than Castiel's. He lifted it to his nose and smelled the Castiel's scent of honey and dirt.
“Yeah, I remember.” Castiel’s boots froze onto the skis, and he laid there in the splits for what felt like days.
Dean’s eyes widened almost comically, “you wrote five love letters?”
Dean held down one finger, another and as he pushed down the last one he leaned towards his tree and grabbing his hand. “
"Pass, maybe tomorrow if I live that long." They sat in silence for a little bit, a comfortable one opposed to an awkward one. Dean looked over at Castiel who was staring at the sky, lost in thought. He let his eyes trace his cheekbones and the outline of his messy black hair. The corner of his blue eyes was barely visible but illuminated in the moonlight. Dean felt the urge to lean against the other boy and shut his eyes but he refrained.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows in confusion, “Sorry?”
“So my hunters, this is Castiel Novak.” Also know as Mr. Novak to Krissy and Jesse.
“Mr. Turner I hate to interrupt your conversation which I am sure Is about the reading from last night, however I have to ask you to share some of it with us,”  a young blonde woman was staring at them, her eyebrow raised and arms crossed, “for example we were just talking about why we think our good friend Steinbeck used songs in different situations, or gave songs to objects if you may.”
Just as he went to jump down he heard Lucifer. “Over there!”
“Brother we should ask him to ally with us. I could have fun with his sense of humor.” Lucifer winked at Dean.
Dean and Gadreel both jumped at the noise. "Yeah, I would run buddy."
It took a couple long minutes to climb the tree to a level he thought safe. "Hey Jo." He whispered.
“I can’t stop,” is all he could get out. Anna frowned sympathetically, wrapping him in her arms.
“You did what Dean?” Jo squeaked excitedly.
“How long did this take you?” He asked as he gently ran his finger over a feather floating in the background.
"Yes?"
“Hey guys, I’m gonna go crash. With my headphones on. So if you want to,” Sam gestured his hand towards the bedrooms, revelling in the pinkness of Dean’s cheeks.
“I’m the one in charge here you know,” he sassed back.
“Damn he was determined,” said Charlie in awe as Dean walked back on camera holding a man’s hand. Their face were cut out until Dean sat down, leaving only the mystery man covered, until he sat down.
“Twice,” Jody reminded him. Castiel glared at her in betrayal and took his turn. The traitor shrugged as she followed him, taking her own turn.
Dean turned around and sure enough there was a pile of gear behind him, all pack up. He reach for his vine belt and knife. His water bottle was also there so he attached it to his hip. He grabbed the sleeping bag and rolled it up to stuff into one of the packs. He then tossed Jo's bag to Cas and swung his own over his shoulder.
_-_-+-_-_
He got to the riverside to see Gadreel with his knife to Jo's throat and Charlie with an arrow pointed directly at his face. Kevin was face down to the side.
He whipped away and glared at Cas, "you are despicable."
After that day, Dean would invite Castiel to stay the night every time he knew he would be giving him a ride the next day. If they weren't watching movies, they were doing homework together. A fortunate byproduct being that Dean started actually doing decently in history. It was nice to be able to be out of the house more and eat edible cooking.
“Well not for lack of trying on my part,” Jo added nonchalantly.
The careers from districts one and two looked like big competition, emphasis on big. The district one man, Michael, had black hair and dark eyes. The man from district two, Lucifer, had sandy hair and an air of mischief.
“Cas,” Dean moaned against his lips. The way Dean said his name sent all the blood that was left in his brain rushing to his dick. Castiel thanked the alcohol for the confidence that was going through his whole body he nibbled on Dean’s bottom lip.
"Yoo hoo, fairy gayfather, tis I, your charge's, friend's loyal servant."
Castiel squinted in confusion, “I have to buy you a meal in order to show you your wound?”
“What are you doing here? Don’t you want to see Jo?” Dean asked in surprise.
“I burnt down the room almost. Then I cut off some dummy’s head.”
Dean immediately went into action, shoving the other girl behind him and holding out his knife. “Run,” he commanded. He turned towards the noise and saw three shapes running towards him. He looked behind him to see Charlie frozen in complete shock, “Charlie you idiot run!” She jumped and turned to run away.
Then, Charlie’s SUV pulled into the parking lot with Jo half asleep in the passenger's seat. They both looked like they just woke up.
“We don't have much of a choice. It is already infected and we just need to stop the bleeding.
It felt so good to be just almost breached. But not quite good enough. Castiel widened his knees and, very slightly, arched his back.
“Dark, also not a nude. You really got my hopes up Harvelle”
“I think I fell asleep Jo. I am so sorry.”
"Three," Castiel said. "I want three."
Cas raised an eyebrow and finished off the stitches. "There. They are hardly perfect but they should last." His blue eyes were filled with warmth once he looked upon Dean again. "Please don't tear them in your desperate suicide quest."
“I’m just happy to see you so happy. I was worried about you taking on so many responsibilities at school and focusing all of your time on classwork. And after your freshman year…” Jody trailed off. “I didn’t want you to miss out on your high school experience. ” She reached over and squeezed his shoulder. “To see you now, going out and doing things and making new friends . . . I’m just, so happy and proud.” Jody gave him a wide smile and took a bite of her pizza.
A soft laugh, "I wasn't planning on it. Though I could tell you about Cassiopeia if you were in the mood."
“Pfft, obviously.” Alfie gave him a big toothy grin. At that Michael straightened up and nodded.
“Sorry,” she mumbled sheepishly, “I am just glad you are ok.” She looked down toward the dark stain on his clothes, “oh my gosh Dean what happened?”
“Remember the pizza man and the babysitter?” Jo asked.
He reached into his pocket to fish around for the metal cylinder. Grabbing it he threw it at his dad. “If that is all then you can go.” John caught it deftly and nodded.
Cas kissed next to his right eye and murmured on his skin, “Dean, I saw your soul in hell. I knew every aspect of you and I knew of the hurt you constantly felt. I can still see it when I look you in the eye. These years what with Lucifer possessing me and Sam, the leviathans, the death of much of your family, Amara, those haven’t been easy on you either. Yet here I am, and I am still choosing you. Pain and everything. I am more than happy to lend a shoulder or an ear anytime.”
“Yep. Don't hold your breath.” Castiel got out of the car and began to run away towards his door.
“You like how that feels?" Dean's voice went all breathless.
“Why?” Castiel asked as he handed it over. Dean unlocked his phone and took a picture of himself.
Castiel’s heart skipped a beat and he frantically fought down the blush he felt rising to his cheeks.  “All right,” Castiel said finally, “I’ll go. But the hot chocolate had better be as good as you say.”
“After the first month, you can see how she is doing knowing she isn’t the center of your world.” Castiel stared Dean down as he glared at him, refusing to budge. Castiel knew absence made the heart grow fonder, and he was damned if he had to fake date Dean Winchester for long.
“Charlie?” Krissy brightened smiling at him excitedly.
“What’s so funny?” Alfie asked cheerfully. The three boys turned to see their little cousin wearing a crown holding a back from burger king walking towards them. Their aunt was walking next to him and rolled her eyes in annoyance as she followed after him.
Castiel shrugged, "looks good to me."
"I know right? Who just tells a g-guy he loves him out of nowhere like that."
“You sure?” Castiel looked up to tell him he was okay again but something even worse than Dean having that letter. Anna walking towards him with determination, gripping a piece of paper of her own.
Ms. Moseley gave him a stern look that told him she saw right through his bullshit. “Well, then why aren’t you out on the slopes with everybody else?”
"Huh."
“Yeah, at least once a week I trick him into thinking he wants a dog and we come to hang out here for an hour before he comes to his senses." Sam leaned toward Cas with a conspiratory grin, "If you ask me though, he only does it cause he wants to hang with the dogs too and knows it makes me happy.”
“You know what?” Castiel was momentarily filled with courage. “I think I will. Castiel walked away from her proud smile to put on his ski gear.
Michael turned to look at him with his eyes burning in anger. Then an expression of surprise followed by confusion crossed his face. “Who in god’s name are you? How are are you alive”
“I’m your fairy gayfather motherfucker.” Dean snapped.
“Are you crazy?” Castiel asked, “I think you just kidnapped me.”
Charlie’s gaze darkened in a way that Castiel never needed to see again. “Gladly,” Kali smirked and took her hand, leading her to a clear area where a bunch of other idiots were dancing. The other two girls with Bella got up to follow them.
Dean laughed, “vaguely yes.”
Castiel pressed himself as close as he could to Dean, running his hands up and down his body. He wanted more, to touch more, to be closer. He tucked his hands under Dean’s shirt, feeling at his bare skin.
“Taking Castiel home?” He heard Anna ask.
Time to get to work
“Sorry bout jumping you without asking last night,” Dean blushed and scratched his head awkwardly, “it was just because Anna was watching. I wanted to help you make her jealous.”
Castiel thought that was an amazing idea. He nodded mutely as  Dean reached down and undid the buttons on his jeans. He gave Dean a short kiss before he leaned away to take off the pants the rest of the way. While he was leaned away Dean took off his own. They kicked their shoes and pants to the side.
“Aquila, the constellation.” Dean shook his head and Cas continued his story, tracing the stars. “Aquila, the pet eagle of Zeus, showed the gentler side of his nature when he carefully carried up Ganymede to Mount Olympus to be cup-bearer to his master.”
Castiel had always been worried.
Dean knew Bobby would say no and as tempting as it was to leave arts and crafts he shook his head. "I think I need to work on camouflage a little instead."
“I didn’t know I liked him until after we hooked up,” Castiel said defensively. “Loved him,” he corrected himself.
“I don't appreciate your sass Winchester,” Jo scolded before going to help Charlie out.
But tonight Dean said he liked Castiel. The best thing he could have possibly been hoping for. So why couldn’t Castiel just
” Dean cursed as Castiel gave the tip of his dick an experimental lick. Castiel watched as his whole body tensed up and his cum began to fly out. He pulled back but some still got on his face and hair.
Castiel repressed rolling his eyes and force a big smile across his face, “let’s go Jo!” He punched a fist in the air and forced as much enthusiasm in his tone as he could muster.
“Do you really think that?” Alfie asked sadly.
“I have no idea what you are saying to me,” was the only response Castiel could think of. Charlie snorted.
“Hey Dean!” the girl next to him waved.
“Bella was always on me to write her them because she read it in some romance novel. I never did, so if I start sending them to you, she'll be pissed, it'll be good.”
Kevin was passed out on the floor with a makeshift tourniquet of vines and an arrow. Charlie and Jo had crashed about an hour ago so Dean was on watch when the anthem began to play. He silently crept outside and watched the projection on the sky as the song finished. The first person shown was Eve from district six. Following was Krissy from district nine. After was a beautiful girl from district ten, Lisa. She must have been Krissy’s ally who died before her. Then the capital logo flashed.
The chaperones called for them to hop on the bus. They filed on and Dean slid into a seat in the middle. Castiel continued to shuffle forward.
At this point, the story was about two estranged brothers who were united by the disappearance of their father and were hunting down the creature who kidnapped him. He pretended not to notice how Jensen was suspiciously modeled after Dean as he continued to write. He was really proud of his work so far.
Convinced the man was joking Dean replied with, "oh yeah, sure. Maybe we can even get them to follow us like a pied piper."
Though Dean was the one who stood up Castiel was the one who led him to the bedroom. Turning around he reached his arms around Dean’s waist pulled him in for a kiss.
“They were like that because there, in all of his glory was a man. He had Dark hair and wild blue eyes that seemed to search for and exit. He was obviously on edge but seemed to relax when Dean squeezed his hand.
Jo slouched, “where is your flair for the dramatic dude?”
“I-I thought you wanted to make sure Castiel and I were safe.”
Jo recovered from her initial shock. “Well, you are so gorgeous that it was easy.” Castiel looked at her in surprise, he wasn’t used to that flirty tone from her. He looked between the two of them, were they also dating?
Later that night Dean was on watch again. They hadn't been able to find a really good spot to sleep for the night so they just decided to past out on the ground with someone on guard.
“Mr. Novak, I am trying to teach a very important life lesson here,” Ms. Harvelle’s words were harsh although she had a faint smile on her face.
“Nah,” Dean reassured him, “I’ve just made this pie a lot. I could do it in my sleep. You’re just learning this stuff.” Castiel smiled gratefully for the lack of harassment.
Dean seemed to need some time to process what Castiel was saying. His face was blank, so Castiel had no idea what he could be thinking. He slowly turned to Castiel and rubbed his neck.
He stopped struggling looked down to see the angry red wound surrounded in dirt. White ooze was caked at the edges of it.
“Have you washed it in water at all?”
“Shoes off angel,” Dean gave him a sultry smile. Castiel leaned down hurriedly to pull off his boots while Dean kicked off his sandals.
District 4 - Hannah
“Yeah, and I have four of them,” Dean reminded him. Castiel thought it over and vaguely remembered seeing the shirt multiple times in Dean’s drawer.
“I heard you castrated the last guy who asked you out,” Dean fired back.
Cas,” Dean blurted out.
“Just remember,” Charlie said in a cheerful voice, “you are trapped with me for the rest of the period!” Castiel buried his face in his hands in defeat.
“You crazy? Who's gonna believe we're in a relationship if I'm not allowed to kiss you?”
“Yes, you’ve already seen it I bet so you already know it is amazing. Shouldn’t be difficult.”
Charlie continued laughing. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry for laughing. It’s just…” Charlie doubled over cackling, “you think that you are this poor creature in love with a guy that will never like you back. Meanwhile, you keep rejecting Dean every chance you get.”
Something suddenly occurred to Jesse as he saw Krissy’s face. Two of her otps just broke up.
“Fine. JO WE ARE RUNNING TO THE RIVER.”
He turned to the tree that he had decided for the two of them, a lot of handholds and foliage so Dean wouldn't have to climb so far for cover.
"What was his problem?" asked Jo when they started working on the bark and grass fishhook the instructor had shown them. Dean looked up to see Castiel staring at them curiously. He caught Dean’s eye and looked away quickly.
“You won’t even let me see them,” protested Dean, “how am I supposed to know you are not pulling my leg?”
Kevin grunted and Charlie glared at Dean. "Poughkeepsie dumbass."
“You guys done fighting?” He teased.
She had a point, “Cas what do you suggest?”
Dean looked around, feigning a surprised look. He leaned forward and stage whispered, "bad time?"
Dean nodded in disgust, “I didn’t even know that a body could smell so bad so fast.” He shoved the blanket back in the bag and jumped down from the tree. A painful shock went through his right leg but went away quickly. “Hey Charlie, don’t jump!”
He barely got them off before Dean pushed him down on the bed. Dean slotted his thigh between Castiel’s legs and leaned down, fitting their mouths together, kissing him hot and demanding, fingers deftly undoing the buckles on Castiel’s belt.
Castiel whined. "Oh god yes."
Frustrated, Dean ran his hands through his hair. “God, what makes you such an expert on love? You’ve liked five people in your life. One was a lesbian, one lives in Indiana or Montana or someplace, Meg moved away before anything could actually happen, one was dating your brother. And then there’s me. Hmm, what do we all have in common? What’s the common denominator?”
“He’ll get bored of you ya know,” Bella said. Her tone wasn’t mean, she just said it the way one might say that it was going to be sunny or that the wanted to watch television.”
“Watch,” he showed Castiel how to peel one of the apples and how to cut them into small cubes. “Just do that to five more apples and I will work on the dough.” Castiel watched as he moved over to the other bowl and started measuring flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and butter together. It looked all complicated so he turned back to his task at hand. By the time Castiel was halfway through, Dean was putting two plastic-wrapped rolls of dough into the fridge.
No response.
The capital would only find that entertaining.
Dean batted his eyelashes, "aw Cas. You flirting with me?" He realized what he said and began to stutter awkwardly, "um, uh. Castiel I meant. You don't want to be called Cas. I know that don't worry. Won't happen again. Nope."
This whole situation was a mess. Dean now thought Castiel had a crush on him, Anna was hopefully unsure about him having a crush on her. By now the whole school definitely thought that Castiel was gay. He had managed to hide being pansexual for most of his life and now that it was out he fully expected to be harassed for it by Bella. Great.
“Cassie, it is a miracle you got your license.”
“What the hell man?”
Dean's cock. Oh, god.
“Hey Dean?”
“We’re making pie,” Dean said.
“I know why you’re angry, but people have caught Bella kissing other dudes all the time. I promise I didn’t even want to kiss him, he just kind of ended up on top of me.”
“Lighten up Dean, at least we have an ally in each other,” she whispered so Tessa wouldn’t hear. He smiled a real smile, at least someone found this amusing.
“And you, are very nice.” Too late Castiel realized how close Lee had managed to get before he found his tongue in his mouth and lips kissing him hard. Castiel was grateful Lee was drunk because it was very easy to push him forcefully.
He drives off into the night and Castiel is still standing there with his fingers to his lips. Dean Winchester just kissed him, in front of Anna. He had kissed him with no prelude to sex, just for Anna to see. Castiel didn’t know what to think, so he just stared where Dean’s impala had disappeared, mystified.
Charlie nodded, “oh yeah right. Thanks.”
“Charlie is my best friend.”
She frowned, “what the hell Dean.”
This was something that had bothered Dean more than anything else. The thought of Castiel no longer wanting him hurt more than having him die on Cas or vice versa. It hurt more than it would have to go through his whole life not telling Cas how much he loved him. How he loved him more than life itself. Now Cas knew it.
The process Dean went through to understand what Castiel said was evident and his eyes widened in shock when it finally registered. “Wait, hold on, Milton? Doesn't she date your brother?”
He just started considering giving the intermediate slope a try, just for kicks, when he spotted Dean and all his friends carrying their snowboards. No Bella in sight. “Dean!” Castiel called out, feeling very relieved.
The boy looked at the man in front of him who was bloody and beaten.  He dropped his knife and walked over to a tree where he curled up into a fetal position. Dean just stared in confusion before waking over to the girls who were crying.
“Which doesn’t start for twenty minutes,” Dean mused. Castiel looked up at Dean’s wide-eyed innocent expression.
Dean flushed, "thanks Cas."
“Well, you hate driving right?”
“I announce district twelve tributes, Dean Winchester and Joanna Beth Harvelle.” Tessa turned around and made a shooing motion, time to go. The peacekeepers began to herd them in the direction of the rooms where they would say goodbye to their family. Dean knew he had very few people who would want to see him. There was only three slots anyways for visitors so at least he wouldn’t seem pathetic. He was just hoping that Sam at least showed up, his dad most likely would just shake his head in disappointment.
Dean let out an impatient breath of air. “Castiel, when you’re dating someone, there are just . . . certain things you do, okay? Like, sitting next to each other on a school trip. That’s pretty much expected.”
“What were those flowers you like. The purple ones that attract those damned bees, you know?”
“I hope you washed it out really well! You could get sick!” Charlier scolded her. Meanwhile, Castiel was envisioning Jo trying to take shots of bubbly tequila and then burping out bubbles.
"Hello Dean, how are you today?" She asked with that smile that made Dean want to slap her.
Eventually, Castiel rolled off Dean and laid next to him on the bed in exhaustion. What they did finally began to sink in. He turned to Dean, unsure of what to say.
“You know, you’re the one who talked me into coming on this trip,” Castiel reminded him. “The least you could do is talk to me.”
Castiel was walking through the school, reading the email from his publishing company. His book had been read over and given a seal of approval on the general plot and everything. In a couple of days he would get a paper copy of his first draft with suggested edits and changes that he knew would make it twice as long as the original.
"Wait ladies, we should see what Kevin has to say." He turned to the limp form. "Kevin, should I leave?"
“Castiel,” Alfie said carefully, “you never leave your room unless you have to eat or go to class.”
“What?” Castiel asked.
“Bella knows me. If she doesn’t see us kiss she will never believe it.” Dean finally looked up at him, “does the idea of kissing me really repulse you? I could think of some things.”
