"I'm not an amateur, honey, I do know what I'm doing. I recognized the family name from the list Lady Bitch's Facebook friends; members of that family make up nearly a quarter of it. They're still close."
So, Sam's story? Not an even remotely happy one and Sirius, who knew exactly what it was to lose a brother and a best friend (and James, who had been both) grieved for and with him. But it was what he'd learned after that that still had him reeling hours later. Remus and Dora were both dead. His one last remaining best friend and his baby cousin had both been dead for over twenty years, and he hadn't know. He
"Do-do you think it could have anything to do with, like, practicing different kinds of magic? Cause-
"Brilliant. On that mission we've been chatting about, your people picked up a young man, probably had turquoise hair and amber-ish eyes. With the way your lot picked him up, he might have had grey hair at some point, maybe even abnormally sharp teeth. You are going to tell me where he is."
“Okay, that’s all I know to do to find Teddy. I haven’t tried Sirius yet, but I need a hair or something from him for the spell, preferably one from his Animagus form for most of these to work.”
Her poor cousin looked like nothing so much as a deer caught in headlights. Hmm. Maybe next time she was planning on startling someone, she could bring along Jeanie Creevey to capture the moment.
There was a long pause during which the Map remained blank. Jamie waited, heart in his throat, hoping desperately that they would have even the barest beginnings of the worst of plans. Just.
To Sam's credit, the kid had somehow managed to hold himself together until they'd settled down for the night. They'd made remarkably good time despite Sam's injuries and emotional turmoil which, while helpful, also gave Sirius the distinctly uncomfortable feeling that Sam was far too practiced in pushing his way through significant pain to do...whatever it was he did. At that point they's still been in the woods, though Sirius was pretty sure they were nearing the edge, so the kids had each picked a tree and slumped down against them for the night, Sirius curled up in between their resting places.
I'll start working on getting the next chapter typed out and posted as soon as I can, but it's almost definitely not going to be done before Christmas, and probably not for another week or two after, so sorry, but you know real life comes a knockin'.
An hour and a half later: Ron still hadn’t showed, Harry and Hermione had attempted every tracking spell they knew to no avail, Mary had thoroughly ruined the comforter on Dean’s bed attempting the other kind of tracking spells to find Teddy, and Cas and Dean had paused in their work no less than five times for brief makeout sessions.
Luckily, the airport wasn't far from their destination and less than half an hour after pulling out from the airport's parking garage, they pulled in to the driveway at the Ladybower Inn. Dean looked at the building dubiously.
It was as much to himself as to them and, heart in his throat, he kissed Ginny again and gathered his remaining children into his arms for a quick hug. Then, letting them go reluctantly, he smiled tightly at all of them.
Dean nodded at her, smile lost, and and Mary suddenly got the distinct feeling that her oldest son was very good at what he did, particularly when his brother being in trouble blended with hunting like it was now. Very,
Both Sam and Teddy looked happy enough as to be completely inappropriate for their situation and as they watched, Sam burst into the most exuberant bout of laughter yet—then stopped what seemed like mid-sentence, looking suddenly devastated.
Castiel was being extraordinarily patient with him (Mary was getting the impression that Dean was like this whenever he was worried about Sam and that the angel was just used to it) but Mary was getting dangerously close to snapping right back (for all that she wasn't actually angry with him,) which wouldn't help anything. Thus, when she stumbled upon a chain-length fence that most definitely
It wasn't a question, more like he'd been expecting it, but had been hoping to be wrong. It was Mary who answered him.
“We’re one step closer to figuring out how Sirius is alive and how he fits into all of this,” Hermione finished. She was about to stand and suggest they get a move on when something else occurred to her.
According to the "Men of Letters" as these people called themselves, Teddy was a "unique curiosity" that just had to be "studied as much as possible". That was, in Teddy's humble opinion, complete and utter bollocks. Though his cuts and bruises from his scuffle with the strange werewolf had long since faded, he'd long since acquired plenty more to replace them throughout the course of this so-called "studying". More like recreational torture.
He really couldn’t think of anything, except... Oh. Oh, no. Shit. Sam had gotten Winchester-napped before Dean had gotten back and—Shit. Sam thought that his brother was dead.
He'd not come back, and had missed the scheduled check-in for three hours ago that he should've called in to say that he needed more time. When his handler had gone to check on him, he'd been gone from his hotel room, with no clue as to where. Harry'd been trying to track him to no avail, which in his experience, was never a good thing. Not for the fist time, Harry cursed his Godson's decision to become an Auror. He was proud as all hell to be sure but it was a dangerous job, and Teddy being a part of it scared Harry just as surely as if Teddy were his own son. Which, of course,  he was in all the ways that counted.
They paused for a bit while Sirius put the firewhisky to use, but started up again, as Sirius started rewrapping the shoulder.
Jamie deflated all at once, and his shoulders slump. Okaaaay? Had she hurt his feelings? She hadn’t been
“Okay, okay,” Sam interrupted, looking like he was regretting having brought it up at all. “Yeah, horcruxes are evil, sick, and wrong, but that’s not actually the focus of what I was trying to talk about, so if you two could just... chill for a sec, that would be great.”
1) (for Ao3 only) I've been answering comments either right before or right after new chapters go up, but I'm considering to switching around so I answer comments as soon as I get them. Thoughts?
With that, she swept past the men and out of her office, glancing back one to make sure they were following her, before making a beeline for the lift. Hermione could practically feel the excited tension radiating off of Harry the whole way, and to be honest, she wasn’t much better. Her friend hadn’t had nearly enough time with his godfather, and if they were right and he really was still alive... she really hoped that they were right, because she remembered the way that Harry had just...shattered seemed to be the best descriptor, after the animagus’ apparent death and she’d do just about anything to ensure he never went through that again.
By the time he showered and changed at home he was really cutting it close but there was no way he'd knowingly give Charlie a chance to tease him about doing the walk of shame. Dean pulled into the school parking lot with minutes to spare and grabbed his lunch and the travel mug of coffee from Cas. He opened the door to the school and quickly made his way to his classroom. If he was lucky he'd get there before the bell rang. As he was rushing past the teacher's lounge Charlie came barreling out and crashed right into Dean.
What he wouldn't give to have been able to enjoy another round of earth shattering sex with that blue eyed angel. Dean quickly started his Baby up. He was totally going to be late for school and Charlie was going to kill him. Especially since it was field trip day to the bee farm.
Dean looked at Charlie and walked to the far side of the group of kids hoping to prolong the inevitable meeting with Cas. Charlie chuckled to herself ready to watch this play out. "Okay Mr Novak, tell us a few more facts about bees, please," said Charlie. Castiel looked at her and grinned. 'Thank goodness I bat for the other team,' she thought, 'because he is definitely dreamy.' Dean stood no chance.
They continued to stare into each other's eyes and then it happened. It's like the sun shone down on them and bells and whistles went off. Inside Dean's head he thought, "OH…" And he knew, knew that Cas was it. That he WAS a badass. That he was a tattooed adorable, nerdy, dorky beekeeper and he was going to be the best thing that ever happened to Dean. That Cas was not just a one night stand. That the rest of his life was going to be with this man.
So what if he was lonely some of the time. Everyone was lonely once in a while. Most days it didn't bother him, he was free to pick up who he wanted, when he wanted. Didn't happen as often as it used to as he's gotten older. Sam and Charlie would both say it was about time he stopped being a man whore. What did they know? Neither one of them had a significant other either. Dean's mind wandered to Cas. Too bad he didn't get his number. Now that dude, he could see himself with. The conversation was great and the sex was even better. He'd really have to think about that, but time to put that on the back burner for now. Twenty 6th graders were not going to watch themselves. Dean loved teaching this age. Curious enough to be eager to learn and yet old enough to really absorb lessons and turn them into their own thoughts and ideas.
Dean watches as Castiel walks over to the hives, not paying attention to Charlie, who is watching the way Dean is looking at Cas and is beginning to suspect something is up with her bestie.
Charlie lets off a little giggle and replies, "not hard to come to that conclusion when there is a little more bow to those bowlegs of yours this morning."
Grabbing his flannel Dean ran down the stairs to find Cas standing in front of the coffee pot, wearing nothing but low slung pajama pants, looking well and truly fucked. Dean looked at the tattoos covering the other man's back now that it was daylight. Cas had the most beautiful wings in black, blue and green across his back and wrapping his upper arms. His whole right side was covered with what looked like a honeycomb pattern. He could see words in a different language on his left side. What he wouldn't give to be able to explore all that gorgeous skin and those beautiful tattoos but he didn't have the time. Besides, that might imply that there was more to their one night stand than what he was ready to admit.
Castiel continued, "bees are such an important part of our survival. Did you know that if bees died off we would lose 70% of our crops worldwide. That would mean that hunger would skyrocket. There would not be enough food for everyone on the planet. I want everyone to stay right where they are. I am going to go get one of my queens and show her off to you."
Dean shook his head and smirked at her. Charlie squealed, "you got some last night!!! Go you! But on a school night? Really?" She grabbed Dean's arm and shook it.
"Woah, Winchester, that's enough detail," Charlie says holding up her hands. "So what are you going to do about it? Has he realized it yet?"
Next thing Dean knew he was standing by himself in front of 20 shocked and embarrassed kids. Dean and Charlie shared an "oh shit" glance and Dean clapped his hands and said, "well, you know what, let's just be glad we aren't all bees. Let's gather our stuff and head over to the picnic area Mr Novak set up for us. Yeah, let's do that."
Dean closed his eyes and shook his head. Leave it to that group. He started to respond that Cas doesn't need to answer that when Cas does. "Honey bees eat pollen which passes through their honey-stomach and mid gut. And since bees are multicellular beings pockets of air can and do establish themselves in fecal matter. When excreted they would manifest as farts, so yes, bees do fart."
Before Dean could answer her, and honestly did he even really know the answer to that question, Castiel came back with his hands cupped around a tiny cage that held the queen bee. "This is queen Rowena. She's been with me for 3 years. The average lifespan for a queen is 2-3 years. If you guys sit still I'll bring her around to you."
Dean wasn’t sure how he’d feel about driving Amelia’s car without her permission, but Castiel was right in saying that she wouldn’t like the Bel Air not being driven at all. Dean could maybe allow himself to take it for a spin every once in a while, but he’d protect it with his life.
The door opened, and Ash came in covered in a big jacket. His nose was pink from the cold outside. Dean hadn’t noticed that he left in the first place. Ash looked over at Dean and grinned as he stepped closer to him.
Morning brought more than sunshine. It brought soft kisses that turned into desperate kisses that turned into dry humping that turned into real humping that turned into orgasms real quick. Dean hadn’t woken up to sex in such a long time that he couldn’t remember. Not that any sex he’d had in the past could ever compare to sex with Castiel, who was by far the best Dean had ever had. Afterwards, Dean and Castiel both hopped in the shower together, but since they weren’t teenagers anymore, the shower stayed pretty clean.
By lunchtime, Dean was relieved to finally get a chance to talk to Castiel. They hadn’t said another word to each other. They mostly made faces at each other. Every time Dean would eat a piece of chocolate, Castiel would make a face to show his disapproval. Dean would make a face to show that he didn’t care, and he kept eating his chocolates. Castiel would roll his eyes and get back to work. That was how they communicated all day, and Dean was so tired of it.
“Dean, you were supposed to be careful. I told you so many times already. But what do you do? You let Castiel sleep in your house? In your bed, I’m guessing. What part of that is you being careful?”
“Benjamin can offer us a better life there,” Lisa said, like she was trying to sell Dean on the idea. “Ben needs to be with his father. Please try to understand that.”
Castiel sighed. Having a financial advisor as a sister was frustrating. Dean was the only person who understood his frustration because Sam was a criminal defense attorney, so getting in touch with him was even harder.
“I don’t see why not,” Dean said. The thought of decorating his home seemed a little pointless, considering the short amount of time he spent there. Not to mention he would be spending Christmas at the Harvelle’s. But Castiel seemed to want to do this for Dean. Who was Dean to deny him?
Castiel screamed on Dean’s second try, feeling his lungs expanding and deflating as he yelled without anything holding him back anymore. And it felt fantastic. Screaming his frustrations into the night helped him relieve a lot of built up tension. It was freeing in so many ways.
Dean gave a burst of surprised laughter. “No one has ever called me a lovebird before. It’s ‘cause of you.”
Amelia smiled. “Yes, we did. I told you it would be fun. I’ve never had a better Halloween, not even when I was a kid and went trick or treating.”
They went into the kitchen, and Dean brought out the cutting board for Castiel. They worked side by side at the kitchen island. After Dean finished up the lasagna and put it in the oven, he moved on to the dessert. He was making a peanut butter brownie trifle, and although he was hoping no one was allergic to peanuts, he made a separate one without peanut butter, just in case.
know. Sam made good money. But Dean still thought it was too much money for Sam to be throwing away. Dean would make sure to thank him right after slapping him upside the head for getting them reservations at that awful spinning restaurant.
Just because Castiel was so angry with the way Lisa had behaved when Dean was clearly injured, he said, “No, she wasn’t right. You were following a tradition. It could have happened to anyone.”
“I am sorry if I’ve made reconciling with your father more difficult. After seeing all he’d done...I admit I might have done something truly regrettable if you hadn’t been there.”
Jody and Donna both make it to Heaven before Sam does. Car crash. Go figure. Maybe it’s because this version of Heaven is designed for him, but they look exactly as he remembers them even though he knows it has to have been years since he died. It’s a strange feeling, because Dean’s glad they’re here, but he knows that means Claire, Kaia, and Alex don’t have their mother-figure anymore. Jody waves off his concern. Claire and Kaia are a formidable hunting team and Alex is a hotshot doctor now who spends her off hours patching up her foster sisters. She taught the girls everything she knows and they’ll be just fine. Donna claps him on the shoulder and assures him that she left her safehouse and arsenal of weapons for them too so it’s not like they’re helpless. Besides, they’re adults now, Dean. They haven’t needed us to babysit them for a while.
The aroma of freshly brewed coffee caused Dean to stir from slumber but it was the time on the bedside clock that made him jump from the bed cursing. "Fuck," he said as he started grabbing his clothes. He shoved his legs into his pants and threw on his shirt.
"Come on Claire, let's be nice. He's your uncle and he's doing us a huge favor letting us come out and see the workings of a bee farm."
Dean just rolled his eyes, he was not awake enough for this yet. He really wanted to regret that he spent last night out but just thinking about Cas made him a little warm under the collar. He raised the coffee cup to his mouth and it caught Charlie's eye.
People always made the joke about not going toward the light, but the sun shining in his eyes is entirely unexpected. Dean is standing on a country road, looking out over a beautiful mountain landscape. He knows this place and it’s definitely not Hell. Thank god for that. Or should he say ‘thank Jack’ now? He’ll leave the philosophy stuff to Sam. He’s just glad he’s here.
Sam had seen the way that for the first week or so, Dean would subconsciously make three of anything he cooked. Cas didn’t need to eat, but he had always appreciated Dean’s food. He saw the way he looked at the empty chair beside him and at the names newly carved into the table. Dean had insisted on carving Castiel’s himself. Sam pretended he didn’t hear the quiet prayers in the middle of the night when Dean couldn’t sleep and he made mental notes of how quickly his brother drank through their beer stash - it only ever got this bad after losing the Angel and this time it was permanent. He was worried about him, but Dean actually seemed excited about this case, so he’d take what he could get.
“I’m glad you’re here, Cas. God am I glad to see you again. All this time I thought...and then you said...and I - I couldn’t -” he breaks off as hacking wet coughs wrack his body. Dean holds perfectly still as the Angel slowly reaches up to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth. He doesn’t complain when it stays cupping his cheek.
“Hello, Dean” The hunter can’t help the smile that immediately springs to his face. But the Angel is eyeing him a little warily and the distance between them feels massive when he’s so used to having his personal space invaded.
Sam sighs at his screen. “Nothing weird coming over the wire. Social media looks clean. You got anything?”
But Cas is smiling again, that beautiful crooked smile, and Dean’s momentary embarrassment is so worth it. Dean steps in close, his voice a low murmur. “Ya know, Cas. We did come here for a reason…”
Sam manages to behead the Vampire he was tangling with, leaving just Dean against the very large Vampire. Sam raises his machete, ready to go on the offensive with his brother, but he’s not close enough. Before he can even take a step forward, the Vampire grabs Dean by the lapels of his jacket and shoves him backwards against a post. His brother doesn’t move and Sam can only assume he’s had the breath knocked out of him from a hit like that. As the monster continues to push, Sam takes advantage of his distraction to bring the machete down against it’s thick neck. He smiles triumphantly as the Vampire falls to the ground.
“Okay. It says here that, uh... they target families that are living outside of town, that are isolated, kids usually between the ages of 5 and 10.”
Dean develops a fondness for moonlight cruises in Baby, taking advantage of the endless highways Cas created for him. It’s in those quiet moments, when the soft light of the stars illuminate the Angel’s face that his heart constricts painfully. He loves the Angel so much, but still has difficulty saying it. So instead he runs his thumb along the other’s knuckles and lets his eyes say what his mouth can’t. Sometimes they drive for days with no destination, just enjoying being together. Cas gives him sardonic looks when he ironically plays ‘Highway to Hell’, but he always holds his hand while they drive.
The light in his palm flickers sporadically, and then fades entirely, casting the barn in darkness again. The Angel opens his eyes, but Dean is still in the same spot. Not even the bruises on his face have faded.
“Had their tongues ripped out.” After all these years, Sam wonders when these monsters will stop surprising him with their unnecessary cruelty.
The brothers have to manhandle the subdued body into the trunk of the Impala and not for the first time, Dean thanks his father for purchasing this particular car. Even if Dean himself had technically suggested it the one time that Cas sent him back in time. Cas…the Angel had watched over him for so long, and now... Dean stops that train of thought before it can even begin. He needs to focus. He has a job to do.
“Yes, Dean. I’m fine. It was uh, Angel Radio.” Castiel raises his eyes to Dean’s with a small smile. “Sam is on his way.”
“So, uh…Akron, Canton, East Sparta. He didn't find much, but the witness did draw this.” Sam feels his stomach drop as Dean flips the book around to show a picture of the same skeleton mask. “Kids were taken. The adults that weren't drained had their…”
“So, let's talk kids, hmm? Those two that you grabbed a couple nights ago...Where are they?” Dean’s eyes narrow as the Vampire just laughs.
Having Eileen by his side eases the pain in his heart more than he thought it would. She really is perfect for him and he doesn’t care if Chuck had written her into his life or not. He isn’t going to repeat his brother’s mistakes and deny himself a chance to be happy. They make a great team, able to sign and communicate on hunts without giving away their positions. They anticipate each other and move in sync after hunting together only a short time. Texas is big enough to keep them busy without having to hit the road for more than a day or two, but video calls with Jody, Donna and the girls are common. At least once a year they meet in the middle in Lebanon to catch up. Those meetings invariably bring back memories of his brother, especially standing in their hometown, but each year the pain lessens just a little bit. But Sam knows it would always be there.
Right? But if we don't keep living, then all that sacrifice is gonna be for nothing.” Sam wonders if his brother is trying to convince him or himself. “So, quit being a friggin' Eeyore, huh? Come on.”
“Well... Cas helped.” Dean smiles. Of course he did, probably why his powers were still so low. Wouldn’t be surprised if this was all Cas’s idea... “It's a big, new world out there. You'll see.”
As the sole Archangel, Gabriel’s power allows Heaven to run easily without Jack’s presence. In return, he spends his days mercilessly refining his Trickster persona on the poor unsuspecting Angels in his charge. The small blonde is downright giddy to find that Chuck is now human and resolves to pay him a visit now and again. In between throwing lavish parties and tormenting their now aging father, Gabriel and Balthazar both make time to visit Castiel and Dean at their little corner of Heaven. Balthazar doesn’t say ‘I told you so’ but his smug smirk is enough to irritate Dean within seconds. Gabriel, on the other hand, says a lot. He never misses an opportunity to razz his little brother about his ‘sexy boy toy’. Making the two blush seems to be his personal mission and he does it with a single-minded focus that Castiel wishes would be turned to running Heaven.
“Alright. Well, if this is the same nest and if the pattern holds, then they'll target Canton next.” Sam traces his finger along the route detailed on the map.
The one time Dean works up the nerve to see his parents, he holds Cas’ hand so tightly he thinks he might break it. The night before, he’d let the Angel sift through his memories of growing up on the road. Showed him all the times he and Sam were left alone for days. Stealing food just to keep from starving when John wasn’t there. The drunken rages when he was. The beatings and slurs heaped on Dean as he took the brunt of his father’s displeasure to keep his little brother safe. He even lets him see the night John found him with a boy in the back of the Impala and beat him bloody on the sidewalk. That night Dean drank half a handle of whiskey and held a razor blade to his wrist. Sam’s quiet voice on the other side of the bathroom door was the only thing that stayed his hand.
Castiel trailed those talented lips down the hunter’s pliant body, dropping kisses over his chest and down his sternum. He could feel the hunter’s heartbeat against his mouth. It skipped a beat the second he closed his lips around a pink nipple and sucked. Dean arched his hips off the bed and moaned raggedly when the Angel gently closed his teeth around the tightly furled nub.
Castiel teleports them in seconds to the largest bedroom Dean has ever seen. He breaks eye contact with the Angel to take in their new surroundings. Castiel basks in the hunter’s awed joy. It’s got everything he wanted plus huge bay windows with a mountain view. A thick, shag rug in front of a massive fireplace gives Dean all sorts of ideas. He nearly cries when he enters the master bath and sees a jacuzzi tub big enough for two.
Dean lets out a sigh of relief. “Hey, boys. Okay. Come on.” He gestures for them to come out of the stall. “Stay behind us. We're gonna keep you safe. Come on.”
If Dean had regrets, a lot of them centered around the Angel. His smile begins to fade. They’d been through a lot together over the years. That ‘profound bond’ forged in grace and hellfire had come close to breaking so many times - not the least of which was when Dean let the Angel walk out of his life. He would always regret not stopping him. But Cas had come back, like he always did. And yet...the Angel wasn’t here with him now. He’d said he would find Dean in Heaven, so why wasn’t he here? He turned the Impala off the road near a field of onions - who puts onions in Heaven? Seriously.
They are suddenly face to face. Blue bore into green and Dean stifles a gasp. The Angel’s eyes have always been so dynamic, even when he keeps his facial expressions schooled. Dean could see it as the emotions swirled in those eyes...anger and joy, confusion and fear.
“But I can only do that if you let me, Dean.” Sheer willpower keeps Dean on the bed as Castiel pushes his pants to the floor.  Dean takes back everything he has ever said about jogging being for losers because Jesus Christ, he could bounce a quarter off of that ass and he would give his left hand to be between those thick runner’s thighs. He nearly has a stroke when he realizes the Angel isn’t wearing any underwear.
Evening is rapidly approaching when Sam finally sees the bar come into view. The lights are on and he can hear Bob Segar coming from the jukebox. The nostalgia of the scene hits him hard and he quickens his steps. Eileen will be along soon he knows, but in the meantime he’s got 50 years of catching up to do. The dirt road muffles his footsteps as he turns the corner onto the wide porch. He pauses for a moment as he takes in a sight he never thought he’d see. On a bench swing out front are Dean and Cas. They’re too wrapped up in a hushed conversation that they don’t notice his approach just yet. Sam thought he knew what his brother was implying by the lake, but seeing it in person - the way the two are there together - Dean with an arm around Cas’ waist and the other enmeshed with Cas’...Cas stretched out on the swing with his head on Dean’s chest tells him everything he needs to know. There’s a comfortable ease to the way they lean into each other that speaks of intimate familiarity.
The sorrow in those ocean eyes didn’t belong in this beautiful place. Dean found himself taking the Angel’s hands in his. “Cas, hey...nobody could’ve predicted that damn piece of rebar. I mean, who puts rebar in a barn anyway? Am I bummed I didn’t get to retire to Hawaii and spend my days with you and Sam on the beach? Sure. But honestly, all that free will and possibility...even if you’d never told me how you felt, how could you expect me to just go on without my best friend?”
When Dean comes to, what could be minutes or even hours later, Sam is still unconscious where he had fallen, but he’s definitely breathing. Dean, on the other hand, is being held face down by the two remaining Vampires. His mouth is full of dirty hay, and the weight on his spine isn’t doing his lungs any favors. He hears footsteps coming towards him and glances up.
John regains his feet and has the audacity to level a finger threateningly at the Angel. “Now look here, you winged asshole. Just because you suck my son’s dick don’t mean you get to lecture me!” He doesn’t take the stiffening of Castiel’s spine as the warning that it is. “Yeah, I know about you two. Bobby couldn’t fucking shut up about it. I did everything I could to teach that boy how to be a man, but he always was a disappointment.”
That private smile that Cas reserves just for him spreads across his face and Dean can feel the ache in his chest. “Falling for you was the easiest thing I’ve ever done.”
As if sensing his impending orgasm, Cas lets the thick cock slip from his lips and Dean would forever deny the whine that tore from his mouth. The brunette pressed a kiss to the quivering shaft, lapping at the fresh rush of pre-come. He released his hold on the hunter’s hips only to soothe warm hands down quaking thighs.
In the end, it really is old age that gets him. After a lifetime of avoiding hospitals using fake insurance papers, Sam finds it oddly poetic that he’s confined to a hospital bed in his final days. The tubes and machines keep him alive even as his body begins to shut down. He’s grateful they let him take his hospice care at home at least. He refuses to die in that sterile ward that reminds him too much of the days his mind was broken. He’s surrounded by photos of his friends and family. A young Sam and Dean smile widely from the nightstand right beside the photo they’d taken with Cas, Bobby, Ellen and Jo before what they thought was the end of the world.
He had spent so many years in the underground bunker, he’d almost forgotten what the rising sun looked like. But the way that the soft light bathes Castiel in radiant glory is worth the loss of sleep to see. The hard planes of his body are softened, his face smoothed of worry and fear. He’s beautiful.
He can see something shimmer in Dean’s eyes, feel him lean in slightly to his touch. He’s holding on with every scrap of will he has, despite the intense pain Castiel can feel radiating off of him. He won’t let go. But his skin is getting cold and the light in his eyes is fading fast.
Elsewhere, night has fallen on a quaint house on the outskirts of town. Inside, a dad checks the mail while his kids play checkers in the living room. They don’t quite finish their game before their mother calls them upstairs for a bath. As the kids and mom go upstairs, a shadow passes outside the front door and the doorbell rings. The kids and mom stop on the stairs and watch as the dad goes to the door. He opens the door, but no one is there.
“I can more than handle you, Dean Winchester.” Dean felt his calves hit the bed and a sudden shove from the Angel sent him sprawling onto the plush surface. A single dark brow was arched in challenge, but Dean could only stare as Castiel began to strip.
Castiel sobs as he presses a small kiss to the hunter’s forehead. His voice is a tremulous whisper. “I love you, Dean Winchester. I should’ve told you every second of every day…and I’ll...I’ll find you. I promise I’ll find you. It’ll be okay. You can - you can let go now.”
The morning light through the windows is enough to rouse Dean from his slumber. The pressure in his head and the ache in his body tell him he hasn’t been asleep for very long. He’s lying on his back with the Angel pressed against his side. Their skin is miraculously clean of sweat and come; the pristine sheets offer some protection from the chill air. Dark hair tickles Dean’s chin as he registers the arm around his waist and a heavy thigh thrown across his. His own arm is around Cas’ shoulders, holding him close. His free hand brushes a stray curl from the brunette’s forehead and he’s pressing a kiss to the smooth skin before he can stop himself.
He can’t help the instinctive clench of his muscles as Cas slides a suddenly lubricated finger into Dean’s hole, which despite having been stretched by Castiel's tongue, is still deliciously tight. One finger slowly becomes two, which becomes Dean begging for Cas to
The Angel visibly deflates, his expression pained. “I...I understand. Thank you for your honesty.” He starts to turn away and is surprised to feel the hunter’s strong grip around his arm.
“Hey. No talking. It’s my turn.” He scrubs his hands down his face and looks to the sky as though it has the answers he needs. “Cas...I don’t do emotions, okay? Anger is really the only thing I’m good at and I can deal with it by chopping off monster heads. So what you’re looking for? What you’re wanting me to say? I can’t do that. I’m sorry.”
“No, no, no, no, no. Don't... Don't... Don't move me. Don't move me. It feels like this thing's holding me together right now.” He gives a pained chuckle. “Just give me...Just give me a minute.”
“You’re something else, ya know that? You - you went all Smitey McSmiterson on my old man. I thought he was going to piss himself.” He releases the now rumpled coat. “I didn’t show you all those old memories to make you hate the guy, Cas. I just wanted you to know that our relationship is...complicated. Really complicated... I forgave my mom for what she did...but Dad? That’s gonna take a bit longer. Especially now that he knows about, ya know...us. He might never accept it...or me for that matter. Probably blames himself for how I turned out.”
The killer enters the bedroom and starts looking around, stopping at a bed and pulling the blanket up to look under it. It’s empty. The masked man walks slowly around the room, stopping next to a second bed. As he turns around to walk towards the door, the children hiding beneath it cover their mouths with their hands in an attempt to remain silent. They are terrified and shaking, but know better than to make a sound. After a few seconds they think they might be alone when the older boy is abruptly pulled from under the bed by his feet and both kids scream.
The Angel chuckled against the hunter’s warm neck. “An erogenous zone, Dean. A cluster of nerves that when stimulated…” he sucked harshly on the abused skin, relishing in the startled cry,  “can bring pleasure. You have them all over your body and I know the location of each and every one.”
“I’m not done.” Castiel pauses, bracing himself against further rejection. Dean’s hand slides down the sleeve of his coat and calloused fingers grip the Angel’s palm. Castiel chances a glance back as he lets the hunter manhandle his fingers, pushing them towards his palm until he’s left with only the middle and forefinger extended. Dean presses the digits to his temple.
He can hear the smug smirk in the Angel’s voice even as he feels the breath of Cas’ words against him, and that tongue thrusts into him again at the same time Dean breathes out.
Cas’s presence keeps him steady and prevents him from bolting as he stands in front of an exact replica of his childhood home. He doesn’t know which version of his parents he’s going to get. Is it the mother who told him she only wanted good things for him and that Angels were watching over him? Or is it the one who walked away from him after being resurrected and coldly declared he wasn’t a child? Would he see the father who told him he was proud of his boys and meant it? Or the one whose touch always left bruises? He doesn’t get a chance to find out because the second the door opens, Castiel has John Winchester by the throat and lifts him clear off the ground. The Angel’s voice is a low growl as he slams the man against the wall.
“P-Please.” Tears pool in hazel eyes as he struggles to keep himself together. Watching his brother die has never gotten easier…
After breakfast, the boys go their separate ways to prepare for the day. It’s all mechanical at this point. Showering, brushing teeth, putting on clothes like they have somewhere to go. Dean still makes his bed every day like his dad had drilled into him. But even he has to admit he’s getting sloppy with it. Especially as of late. He knows nobody is going to see his room again except for him, so who cares what it looks like?
“Oh I haven’t forgotten.” The smokey, gravel rough voice did things for Dean. Castiel could recite the phone book and leave the hunter an aching wreck. “You are the only thing I have ever desired for my own in all my millennia of existence. Trust that I have a very long list of things I would like to do with you.” That dark gaze had Dean’s insides twisting and coiling with arousal, he stepped back towards the bed instinctively and the Angel followed.
Sam chuckles. You’d think the monsters would know better by now… “Yeah, you really should tell him.”
The open floor of the barn doesn’t allow for much in the way of tactics. It’s a brawl. The hunters hold their own for a time, bracing through kicks and punches. Sam takes a few hits to his kidneys before managing to behead his assailant. On the other side of the room, Dean is shaking his head as though recovering from a blow to the face, but he kicks the Vampire in front of him away and his aim is true as he beheads the creature. Sam’s moment of concern for his brother proves to be to his own detriment as the large Vampire takes advantage of his distraction to punch him squarely in the face. Dean sees his brother hit the floor, clearly unconscious, and struggles to get to his side. He’s yanked backwards by his jacket and feels the Vampire’s arms around his neck begin to squeeze. His vision goes dark.
“It's okay. It's okay. It's good. It's good. We had one hell of a ride, man.” He sucks in breath through his teeth and grimaces at the fire in his lungs. He tastes copper.
He doesn’t blame the Angel. Hell, he’d go too if he could. But Eileen is still here, still alive. She’s waiting for him. Jody, Donna and the girls still need him. He still has things to do. With a shuddering sigh, he opens the lighter, lights it, takes a breath and throws it on the pyre before he can second guess himself. The pyre ignites and in a matter of seconds is fully ablaze. The flames turn the night crimson and thick, grey smoke carries Dean Winchester away. Sam doesn’t try to hide the tears in his eyes as he feels Cas’s hand on his shoulder. Two weary souls watching their old life turn to ashes.
The next morning, Sam and Dean arrive at the house in their FBI suits. There is yellow crime scene tape across the front door. Sam and Dean approach a police officer at the door and introduce themselves. Dean is looking around for clues as Sam speaks to the officer, but they both raise their badges in sync out of habit.
“I will use this knowledge to bring you pleasures hitherto unknown to man.” Castiel pops the button on those navy slacks, drawing the zipper down sadistically slow. “Your very soul will shudder with ecstasy. You are my golden calf and beneath my hand you will come to know the true meaning of worship.”
He speeds off down the road. No speed limit signs apparently. Cas really did think of everything. He drums his hands along the worn leather of the steering wheel as the scenery flashes by. Driving was like meditating for him. It let him think. He was in Heaven now. A Heaven that had been completely redesigned for him. He chuckled a little, wondering how the remaining Angels felt now that the hated Nephalim, his constantly rebellious father, and the human who screwed up their great Apocalypse were essentially in charge.
As though sensing the hunter’s eyes on him, Cas stirs. Dean trails his fingers down the Angel’s cheek and watches as Cas blinks blearily awake. It feels like such a weighted moment...so heavy with intimacy, which is funny considering the Angel had been buried in his ass mere hours before. Dean can’t look away from Cas. His cheeks are flushed from sleep and his eyes are unfocused. But they brighten when they focus on Dean.
Dean pulls back for air he’s not sure he needs anymore and drinks in the sight of the man in his arms. Castiel is trembling, his pupils are dilated and he’s panting softly between spit-slick lips. Those baby blue eyes are glued to Dean’s mouth.
“You’ve uh, imagined this? With me? I know this vessel isn’t the one you would choose. I know your tastes lie more with the feminine variety…”
The tears fall freely as Sam feels his brother’s hand on the back of his neck. “Then don't leave me. Don't leave me. I can't do this alone.”
Sam takes extra effort to spend time with his son and make absolutely sure the boy knows he is loved. They go to the park and little Dean loves riding on his father’s shoulders and towering above the other toddlers. Sam chokes back tears when he sees “Dean” embroidered on his son’s overalls after the first time the rascal wanders off in the grocery store. He’s blonde and bright and beautiful and Sam isn’t ashamed at how protective he is of his child. Eileen teaches him to sign from a young age and it’s like their own secret language. They have entire conversations while the rest of his 3rd grade class looks on.
“Ah! I love this song.” He revs the engine, delighting in the mechanical roar. Dean throws the car into drive and steps hard on the gas. The Impala leaps forward as though it's eager to be on the road. Dean can’t help but feel the same. “Whoo!”
As he’s sitting in Dean’s room, Sam suddenly hears a cell phone vibrating. It’s muffled, but it’s there. He stands abruptly, startling Miracle and lunges for the desk. Papers scatter and pens clatter to the floor as he frantically sifts through the clutter. He yanks open Dean’s desk drawer and rifles through the various cell phones until he finds one marked ‘Dean’s other other phone’. It’s buzzing.
“Cas. What you saw in my head? That’s for you. No matter what body you’re in, it’s still you, man. Besides, just because I haven’t uh, been with a dude doesn’t mean I don’t want to. And you picked a hell of a vessel. Have you seen yourself? Cuz seriously. You’re hot.”
He really shouldn’t be surprised when the Impala pulls up outside a restaurant. Sam scoffs as they both climb out of the vehicle. He turns to look at his brother.
As Dean drives, he thinks about his own life...all the things he’s done...the monsters he’s vanquished and the people he’s saved. He did pretty damn well for himself. He beat God and he killed Hitler! He was a legend in the hunter community. While he had begun to dream of retirement towards the end, he could never truly regret the life he’d led because it brought him the people he cared about most. Jody, Donna, Claire...and Cas.
“Hey. I'm not leaving you. I'm gonna be with you…” Dean chokes back a sob as he places his fist over Sam’s heart. “Right here... every day.”
They’re at the Roadhouse when it happens. Dean is putting his pool skills to good use and is completely sharking Charlie. Ellen and Bobby are preparing for dinner while Jo mans the bar. Castiel is watching the one-sided pool game with a small smile when his head suddenly snaps up. His eyes go distant as he listens to a voice only he can hear. Dean is immediately at his side. He’s got his hand on the Angel’s shoulder, watching as blue eyes suddenly clear.
Sam wanders into the library and opens up his own computer across from Dean. His hair is still damp from his shower and Dean so badly wants to make a wet dog comment, but he refrains.
The dog eagerly jumps up onto the bed and into Dean’s lap. The blonde pulls him into a hug, holding him close. He buries his face in the dog’s long hair and inhales deeply. Not even Sam knows how secretly affection Dean truly is, but Miracle doesn’t judge him for it so Dean indulges himself when he can.
“Alright. Um...Hold on. Okay. Uh, I got you.” He tries to pull his brother away from the post, but Dean’s iron grip on his forearm stops him.
Sam knows he needs to drop the subject. He knows he can’t make his brother happy right now, but he can bring himself a little joy. “Yeah, you're right.” Sam takes a slice of pie and smashes it directly into Dean’s face.
“Nothing quite so grand, I’m afraid. It’s actually based on a beautiful lakeside cabin in Northern California. There are white sand beaches and a stunning emerald bay just minutes from here. Is this...is this okay? I can conjure something else if you prefer.”
They drive until they find a small wooded area away from the city and tie the Vampire to a tree stump. Dean isn’t gentle as he yanks the mask off and slaps the Vamp’s cheek to rouse him.
It’s the ‘please’ that does it. Castiel has never been able to deny anything Dean asked of him. He steels himself and sends a tiny sliver of his grace into the human’s mind.
Then come the images from Purgatory. The desperation and fear, the anger at being abandoned, and the utter relief when they are reunited by the river. In that pure and unhindered world, Dean’s only thought was of finding Castiel and bringing him home. After Purgatory that fondness is sharper, more real, but Dean refuses to name it. Refuses to let himself acknowledge the reason he stayed for a year when he knew there was a way out. He changes his own memories rather than face the fact that the Angel didn’t want to stay with him.
The obnoxious beeping of an alarm clock rouses Dean Winchester from a fitful sleep. He reaches blindly for the offensive machine and smacks it into silence. Cracking open an eye, he sees 8:00 staring back at him. Why did he set alarms again? It wasn’t like he had a day job… He sluggishly pushes himself into a sitting position and scrubs the sleep from his eyes with his palms. The clicking of nails on the concrete heralds the arrival of Miracle. He always seems to know when Dean wakes up.
Eileen whispers one last I love you in his ear as he feels himself nod. He knows he’ll see her soon. Dean grabs his father’s hand and his mother takes the other. A gentle squeeze is all he can manage as his eyes slip closed and his head falls to the side. A single tear streams down his face. Eileen sobs into his neck as the monitors flatline and begin to beep.
Dean gasped as Castiel held him down with one arm, dipping his tongue into the hunter’s navel as the blonde tried to grind upwards. The Angel was taunting him. Keeping too far away to provide any friction, but close enough that Dean could feel the tempting heat of his body. His fingers twisted in the Angel’s hair as Castiel mouthed at the delectable vee at his hip and he shuddered at the sandpaper rasp of stubble against his inner thigh.
Dean had all of three seconds to realize he’d spoken aloud before he was being pinned to the bed by inhumanly strong hands. A quirk of those devilish lips and the hunter was completely naked beneath him. Finally.
The Angel slowly disentangles himself from the hunter’s memories and becomes aware of the fact that their positions have shifted while he was engrossed inside Dean’s mind. He can feel the warmth of the hunter’s forehead against his and the abrasive stubble against his palm. It’s deja vu, but this time one of them isn’t about to bleed out. Cas feels a dampness on his cheeks and he knows he’s crying. Judging by the shudder in Dean’s breath, he’s not alone.
There are a few of the OG Angels still left from Chuck’s regime. Naomi readily accepts Jack’s supremacy though she bristles at having to take orders from an Angel who used to be her subordinate. Castiel could not be happier at this development. One of his first orders is to ensure there will be no more Angelic lobotomies for those who want to think for themselves. No other Angels will have to endure what he did. The resurrection of Gabriel and Balthazar helps cement the new order in Heaven.
Sam tilted his head. “So, who are these people you decided to travel with? Because, correct me if I’m wrong, but you never travel with anyone besides me.” Sam crossed his arms, raising his eyebrows.
“He called earlier to let me know he’d be working late tonight. Don’t you worry. I feel good today.”
“Be right down,” Dean said, glancing at Castiel as he spoke. He looked from his eyes to his lips, and pulled him in for a final kiss.
Dean cleared his throat. “Well, I’m not heartless. I wouldn’t want anything bad to happen to Castiel. He may not be my friend, but he’s my coworker. Has been for three years. If you don’t know anything, I understand. Thank you.”
Sam stepped inside, giving Dean a quick hug. Then he took in the new house. He looked casual today in jeans and a red flannel instead of the usual gray suit he wore for work. “I like the new place. And something smells good.”
Castiel took another sip of his beer before leaning to whisper in Dean’s ear, “Do you ever think about that kiss?”
“I’m throwing a party in two weeks,” Charlie said as she was putting on her jacket. Also, she was a multitasker. Not much had changed in ten years.
Amelia burst into laughter. “I’m sorry, dear, but you know Dean is right. I’m sorry. I don’t mean to laugh.”
Dean sighed, looking like he wanted to argue. In the end, he just nodded before standing up. Castiel stood with him.
Dean rolled his eyes, pushing past him to go inside. He went directly to the bathroom where he found his pants from last night already packed in his bag. He smiled, shaking his head. Dean was genuinely surprised that Castiel kept up so well with him. Many of his friends hated Dean’s sense of humor.
The cameras were no longer on him, but Gabriel’s gaze was scrutinizing. The archangel was even more obviously perfect now that Castiel was an angel. There was nothing human about Gabriel, not even his eyes, which held more colors than he thought existed.
On Wednesday, Dean wore makeup to school. The night before, he’d stayed up late practicing how to put on all of the powders correctly through many makeup tutorials on YouTube. It was much harder than it looked. But he was doing it for the grade.
“Hey, lovebirds,” Dean said, standing in front of them, holding an empty plastic bag. “You want me to start cleaning up? Everyone’s pretty much gone. Sam and Jess are eating leftovers in the kitchen, and Rosa is waiting for Charlie to finish peeing so they can go home.”
Dean wasn’t usually the type of person to mark up his books, but he’d done it for all of Castiel’s because there was so much he wanted to say about them. Even though he had the actual author to answer his questions and share his commentary with, it felt natural to make the comments on the margins of the book. “Yeah, I hope you don’t mind.”
“Dean?” Anna said from the backseat. She was on the floor of the backseat. She didn’t look hurt, but she looked shaken. “Castiel!” She threw open the back door and then the passenger door.
“Alright, let’s get a few things clear here,” Dean said. “One: I’m not old. Two: Cas and I are not moving fast just because we have a dog. And three: I’m not telling any of you anything else, so shut up about it, and let me eat my burger in peace.”
As the music played, Dean finished the last of his beer and pretended to check his watch. He mumbled something about heading to bed, and after a moment, asked if Castiel wanted to join him. Castiel had blushed in an endearing way that Dean would never get tired of seeing, and he followed Dean to his bedroom. When they’d found themselves alone, neither of them made a move. Castiel had seemed genuinely curious about Dean’s bookshelves, holding a variety that ranged from Vonnegut to Orwell to Austen, because Jane Austen was a kickass author and she deserved to be read by everyone.
Dean stood up on wobbly legs. He hadn’t realized how drunk he actually was until he noticed the entire room was spinning. Whoa. “Charlie. Where’s Charlie?”
“Okay, okay, you three can stop that now,” the angel said. “The boss wants me to get back with the contestants, so I guess you’re it. Hang on tight.”
Dean’s hands slid down to Castiel’s shoulders, fingers digging into flesh as Dean’s come spurted out of him, his body shaking with the motion.
Castiel turned to Dean with narrowed eyes before he got up. Dean followed after. He decided to take a quick shower before getting ready. When he got out of the shower, Castiel was already dressed in jeans and a cardigan. Dean appreciated how handsome his husband was for a moment before he went to change. Dean went with dark jeans and a blazer.
Dean gaped at him. “You serious? You’re fucking delightful, Cas. I was drawn to you from day one. And you have to know that you’re also really, really good looking. But, you know, I didn’t really let myself see you that way until much later.”
They walked into Dean’s house, and just as Dean was about to show Castiel around, he found himself shoved against his door, hands intertwined with Castiel, who was holding them above Dean’s head.
“I’m alright.” Castiel wiped his cheeks, finally letting go of the steering wheel. “I’m going to be alright.”
Rosa laughed. “You guys are starting to sound like us. Come look around at all our useless stuff. We’ll give you a special neighbor discount.”
“I…don’t know.” Something told Dean that it would be weird, but he still didn’t know why. Things with Castiel were different. Special. Dean couldn’t name it, but there was a feeling deep inside of him every time he was with Castiel. Something that made him warm all over. It was the reason he was here so late at night. He needed that warmth, that reassurance.
“Humans,” the angel said, addressing Dean and Castiel. “You are not sinners worthy of death, but I will take you out if I must.”
Castiel groaned, elbowing Dean on the ribs. “That’s wrong on so many levels. That show is nothing but sex and drama.”
“Well, Eric, my decision to explore Jake’s bisexuality was simple,” Dean said. “I knew that in this post-apocalyptic setting, Jake and Robert would have to go through a hell of a lot just to get by. With the disease that wiped out ninety percent of the population, it wasn’t going to be easy for them. But that doesn’t mean that people stop living. Desire is a thing that lives on, even when we don’t think we can. Jake is in his early twenties, and he’s had to take care of Robert most of his life, so the least I could do was give him this. His relationship with Will was the only happiness he had for a long time. I wanted them to explore the feelings they had for each other. Also,
The man was still floating, or flying, and scanning the area. Dean and Castiel stood motionless in the parking lot. Dean thought about hiding, but the man had already seen them and he still hadn’t killed them. Besides, his shaky legs weren’t allowing him to move. Castiel stood closer to his back, both hands on Dean’s shoulders, gripping tightly.
Castiel covered Dean’s mouth with his hand. “No, Dean. I meant, I will help you find a stranger to kiss you. I won’t kiss you myself.”
“Quit stalling,” Dean said, when he realized Sam was just going to sit and stare at Dean to get on his nerves.
“I’m saving my number so I can finally pick up the phone and call you when I really, really, really want to talk to you.”
before, which was, honestly, unacceptable. So Castiel  made it his mission to correct that. Ben loved it, of course. Like Castiel knew he would.
Dean followed Castiel to the fridge where he sat at the kitchen island while Castiel filled two bowls with ice cream. He still hadn’t said anything. He just sat there, staring at his fidgeting hands on the counter.
Anna stared at Dean for a moment before she laughed. “Okay, now you really got me curious. What the hell happened?”
Castiel started filling the plates while Dean filled the glasses set out with sweet tea. Dean gave him a look that said he understood Castiel’s misery in actual purgatory, while Castiel pasted on a big, fake smile for his mother. “Mom, I already made pot roast. Do you think maybe you could eat it? I don’t think I can defrost a chicken right now just to make it for you.”
“Alright, I gotta ask because you can’t take a hint,” Sam said. “What the hell is going on between you and Cas?”
“I don’t know if he’s cool, but he’s definitely a player,” Sam said. “Dean has hooked up with so many celebrities, he can’t even keep track.”
Castiel smiled at Dean’s mom, full of sincerity. “Thank you for inviting me. I was looking forward to getting to spend more time with all of you.”
Castiel was really hungry. His first instinct was to go next door immediately. However, he hadn’t showered in...a while, so he decided to jump in the shower first. The hot water woke him up all the way. After dressing in cargo shorts and a red polo, Castiel realized he had a text from Dean.
“Cas, I’m close,” Dean warned him, shutting his eyes and letting out a loud moan. “I’m so close. You need to—you need to move or else.”
Castiel had that in common with Amelia. Neither of them liked being the center of attention, even on birthdays or parties. Dean respected that, so he gave Castiel his word that he wouldn’t tell anyone.
“That’s nonsense,” Castiel said, cupping Dean’s cheek. “The only thing you two ever do is lift me up. I want you there.”
That sounded like a lovely plan. Dean had actually decided to spend Valentine’s Day with Castiel rather than finding himself a date. Castiel didn’t want to read too much into it, but the sentiment was sweet nonetheless. Maybe Castiel shouldn’t feel hopeful that Dean might also be harboring more than friendly feelings for him because of this small gesture, but his hopes had already skyrocketed.
“It’s going to be very difficult for me too.” Castiel hesitated before asking, “Are you having second thoughts, Dean?”
Castiel returned soon with paper plates and drinks. He sat beside Dean on the couch. “I didn’t think so many of my students were going to seek my help at once. I did say I had office hours on Wednesday too, didn’t I?”
been working hard on improving yourself. I’m well aware of that. I know how hard you work every week to get everything done. You’ve been doing your meditations at night before going to bed in order to sleep. You’ve been working hard on your book. You’ve been working alongside Dean to take care of Claire.”
Dean untangled himself from Castiel, crawling over him to get out of bed. Then he hauled Castiel to his feet. Dean winked at him before he opened the door. They took turns using the bathroom down the hall, and then they went downstairs together.
“He didn’t have to,” Dean said, sighing. “There was something about his past that he kept from me. He kept it all to himself when he could have talked to me about it. I don’t think he realized how much it would hurt him to keep it inside.”
Dean went inside with all his bags, thankful that he didn’t have Castiel’s gift with him so he didn’t have to hide it. “Honey, I’m home!” Dean said it in his best Ricky Ricardo impression. Castiel got a kick out of it every time.
Anna couldn’t care less who came after them. She felt so powerful; she could kill anything that had a pulse.
“I’m just tired,” Castiel admitted. The day-long trip had taken a toll on him. Not to mention the fact that for a good few hours he was sure Sam and Jess were dead. The pain he’d felt during that short time had felt eternal. He couldn’t imagine what Dean had felt. Although Dean had never really lost hope. How did he do that? How was he so strong?
“You do?” Castiel asked in Dean’s ear and felt him shiver underneath him. Castiel smiled. “I guess you do.”
“Don’t be a jackass,” Sam said, letting himself inside the house anyway. He was carrying plastic bags. “I was thinking we could grill burgers today. I stopped at the grocery store to pick up the stuff.”
Castiel seemed to realize this just now. He frowned. “Oh. That’s right. Well, I hope you have a good time with your family, Dean.”
Dean nodded. “But I’ve never felt that way about anyone before Cas. Does that mean I’ve never been in love before?” Had he gotten it wrong this entire time?
Castiel looked back at the TV. Harry was sulking at home on New Year’s Eve while Sally was miserable at a party. They were both stubborn, pretending they could live their lives without each other. “Yes. The ending is my favorite part.”
with him anywhere. This was their first night out together as more than friends. They hadn’t even been on an official date yet.
Before wasting more time, Dean left. He had to go back home to grab clean clothes and head to work. On his way to work he stopped to get two coffees.
Dean threw his head back in laughter. “And then I gave you my number and asked you to let me borrow it when you were done reading it. You never once thought I was hitting on you.”
Dean followed Castiel to the bathroom, where Castiel pressed Dean against the tiled wall and kissed him under the shower spray. Then Castiel made sure to wash the come off Dean’s stomach, and Dean massaged Castiel’s scalp with shampoo. Every time Dean did it, Castiel just closed his eyes and smiled, like he’d found inner peace by the simple action.
Dean smiled, trying to make sense of the exchange that had just happened between them. This sounded a lot more than friends talking. Dean was aware that they’d both already crossed the friendship territory, but they were both being pretty forward now, maybe because this was the first time they weren’t interacting in person.
“On November 4th, Amelia went into labor,” Castiel continued. “I was in my office writing when she calmly informed me that she needed me to drive her to the hospital because Claire was on her way. My hands were shaking so badly that I couldn’t start my truck. Amelia comforted me as her water broke. I was amazed at how strong my wife was. That day, and every day. Her last smile was for Claire, our daughter. It’s the way I plan on remembering Amelia, smiling, caring for our daughter despite the dire situation she was in. Because Amelia Novak was a fighter, until her very last breath.” Castiel swallowed. “Thank you.”
“Then she takes a picture with me, posts it on her Instagram, and tags me. A few seconds later, my phone starts going off with messages, and I check to see that this big, scary guy is threatening me because I’m apparently on a date with his fiancée. I’m obviously very confused, so I show her the messages, and she doesn’t deny it. She says she’s been using me to get back at her fiancée for not setting a date for the wedding. Clearly, it’s not a well thought out plan. So, I drive her back home but park a block away from her place because I’m not looking to get my ass kicked by the fiancée. Turns out, the guy drove to the restaurant—which she also tagged—while we were still there, and followed my car all the way to my apartment.”
“Yeah, I’m dead serious. You wouldn’t believe the stuff she told me. I don’t really wanna talk about it right now. I’ll tell you later. Anyway, we agreed that I would become Ben’s legal guardian. And I offered the house to her. Ben and Lisa are gonna live here again, Cas. In my house. My old house. You know what I mean. I know this is a lot to process, but I can’t wait to see my son again. I...I just can’t believe this is really happening. Ben is back, Cas. Ben is back.”
. Even though it had been the most embarrassing thing they’d ever done with each other, it was still worth remembering. They’d been all over each other even back then.
Castiel hadn’t been able to communicate with Dean over the phone because, according to Sam, Dean was sleeping all day. When Dean wasn’t asleep, he was puking out everything he took in, which was weakening him and leading to more sleep. So, instead of trying to call Dean anymore, Castiel decided to give him the news in person instead.
As they walked down the stairs, Dean told Charlie all about his lunch with Castiel, and how they had just sort of agreed to continue having them.
Castiel kicked off the blanket and sat up, yawning. “Oh, Sam called while you were in the shower. He said to call him back.”
“I don’t know. I’m sure there are plenty of things I can do with my grace now that I couldn’t do before. My grace. That’s an odd sentence.”
Dean couldn’t believe that Cas had been treated so horribly. What kind of asshole would simply use someone as cute and funny as Cas? Dean was glad he’d stopped them from going any further tonight. Cas deserved better than a random hookup. Dean would be at the top of his romantic game on every date with Cas. He couldn’t let him down now.
Dean groaned. “What’s the point of being friends with an author if the author won’t share spoilers?”
Castiel rolled out of bed, showered, and packed his bags. Castiel and Dean didn’t discuss their kiss the rest of the short trip. After lunch, they headed to the airport to catch their flight back to Kansas. Dean distracted himself from his fear of flying by taking pictures. Dean took pictures with Castiel everywhere in the airport, but Castiel didn’t mind. It was until they were on the plane that Dean finally started visibly freaking out about the flight.
After accompanying Jess to one of the upstairs bedrooms, Charlie decided to stay with her to make sure she actually slept. Dean and Castiel had agreed to stay in the living room in case Sam called out for help, water, or a bathroom break. They had taken turns so far in all of those tasks. But for a while, Sam hadn’t called out to them. Last time Castiel had been down there, Sam passed out in the middle of their conversation. Sam was weak, and it was awful seeing him that way.
The passage of time is different in Heaven than on Earth. Every moment Dean spends here with Cas is both mere seconds and years long. His Angel takes advantage of his position as co-creator of the New Heaven to ensure Dean wants for nothing. His every fantasy is indulged without question and only a few raised eyebrows. The hunter wishes with all his heart that he could have had this on Earth because, as Cas keeps telling him, he shouldn’t have had to die to be happy. But he did and Dean’s not one to whine about the things he can’t change. He’d much rather spend his days with his friends and his nights re-learning every one of the Angel’s sensitive spots.
The Angel huffs a laugh. “And stuff. That’s the beauty of this new Heaven, Dean. Just think about what you want, and it’s yours. The very landscape will adjust to your vision.”
He smiles around his mouthful of toast. “Well since you’re right there and already cooking, ya might as well”. Dean’s cheeky grin had gotten him what he wanted with women for years, but Sam was long immune. He merely shook his head and threw a few more pieces of bacon into the skillet.
“I have been wanting to do that for 10 years. It’s even better than I imagined.” He grins at the Angel’s pinked cheeks.
“Dean, I can’t - what good am I if I can’t save you?” It was the only one of Heaven’s mandates he’d never broken.
“Well, I know you. Jenny. Son of a bitch.” He chuckles. Chuck had to be laughing his ass off wherever he was. A Vamp they’d let go 14 years ago is now in charge of the goons holding him hostage.
When he finally manages to convince himself to get out of bed, Dean dons his dead guy robe and shuffles his way into the kitchen. As he gets close, the smell of eggs and bacon signals that Sam is already awake - probably went for a run already - the weirdo.
Fear and concern overtake Sam’s features as he quickly comes to stand directly in front of Dean. He can see the sheen of sweat on his brow and hear the slight rattle as he breathes. Hesitantly, Sam reaches around to his brother’s back. He flinches slightly at the warm liquid against his fingers. As he brings his hand back out, it is covered with blood.
The hunter shivers at the word ‘pleasure’ in that smokey tone and hell yeah. He’s on board with this.
Dean’s 18th birthday is when they finally tell him about what they really do for a living. Sam shows him John’s old journal and explains the meaning behind his tattoo. He explains who the people in all the photos really are and how they met. He explains to his son about John and Mary and the deal that nearly ruined his life. He talks about the years hunting with his brother - the good and the bad. Kevin, the boy prophet who deserved so much better than he got. He tells him about Castiel, the Angel that came into their life and changed it forever; about Jack, the boy who became God. Ellen and Jo, Bobby and Ash, Crowley, Rowena, Charlie, Jody, Donna, Claire, Kaia and Alex. He tells their real stories and how each of them helped save the world. To his credit, Dean takes it much easier than Sam thought he would. Perhaps he’s seen glimpses of the torn clothes and bloody wounds after a harrowing hunt. Maybe he’s sensed there was something they weren’t telling him all along. That night, his son bears the symbol of protection on his forearm and Sam is filled with a terrible mix of regret and pride.
Sapphire eyes raise tentatively to meet Dean’s. He sighs deeply. “Dean, I have loved you from the moment I laid eyes on your soul amidst the ash and brimstone of Hell. I pieced you together, atom by atom, and rebuilt your body using my own grace. I knew you inside and out, what and who you were from the moment we met and I still loved you. When I lied to you to keep you safe and gave up armies rather than see you harmed, I loved you. When you sent me away after the fall and when the Mark made you try to kill me, I loved you. Through all the pain and anger and betrayal on both sides, I. Loved. You. And I always will.”
“That’s Charlie’s place. She says she based it off some rom-com she watches every year. And over there…” he points to the other side of the lake, “That’s Jody. Donna’s right next door. Ellen, Jo and Ash basically live at the Roadhouse, and Bobby’s place is next to that. They’re a thing now, ya know? Ellen and Bobby. It’s cute.”
A warm hand on his shoulder is enough to bring Castiel back to himself. Though the weight of Dean’s palm is as a fly to a redwood, the Angel calms instantly. The light fades from his eyes and his hands, but he doesn’t move from his position between the Winchester males.
He can feel the Angel’s confusion. Castiel sighs deeply. “Dean, if you’re about to ask me if it hurt when I fell from Heaven, I will smite you.”
The crack of thunder and the gathering of dark clouds are immediate. The wind howls through the house where seconds before there had been sunlight and stillness. Castiel’s eyes shine with cold fire and he raises his hand at his lover’s abuser. In that moment, he is the holy avenger he’d been when Dean had first met him, seething with power and prepared to destroy. He could wipe John Winchester from all memory.
“Very” the Angel growled against his throat. Dean shuddered in response. Being wanted was an alien feeling, but damn it felt good.
Castiel knelt eagerly between his thighs, a warm finger circling the edge of his other nipple, teasing, before twisting harshly, ripping a cry from the man beneath him. The Angel lavished attention on the freckled chest, alternating until both pale buds were red and swollen, and Dean was writhing beneath him. With one final nip, he released his prize.
Eileen just smiles when he says he wants to name their son Dean. “Of course.” she says, like there’s no other name they would even consider. His brother might be in his heart and on his mind every day, but this way it’s almost like he could have him in his life again. They hold out hope for a little girl down the road, but fate decides they are a one child family. Dean is spoiled rotten in all the ways his namesake never was.
Austin is everything Sam had hoped it would be. The art, the music, the people are exactly what he needs. It’s a chance to start over and try his best to move on. It is hard the first year by himself - hunting alone is more difficult than he remembered. There are other hunters in Texas, sure. But Sam doesn’t know them and certainly doesn’t trust them right away even though they know who he is. The Winchesters are famous after all. He lives out of motels for a while, but he misses the permanence of the bunker. He has been in Austin 9 months when he finally manages to convince Eileen to sell her house and move south. She’d wanted to be with him of course, but uprooting herself again wasn’t something she was too keen on especially considering the relative newness of their relationship. Love wins out over duty in the end and she relocates to Texas a few months later. With the money from the sale, they are able to put a down payment on a beautiful house in the country - thank goodness for cheap realty! Sam takes a job as a handyman around town, and Eileen teaches sign language part-time at the local high school.
Despite the good-natured teasing from the two blonde Angels, Dean knows they approve of him and Cas. They’re happy for them. In a rare moment of seriousness, Gabriel had pulled the hunter aside and told him in no uncertain terms, that he would personally deal with anyone in Heaven who so much as looked at them sideways. Considering the Archangel’s penchant for sex with anything that moved, he shouldn’t have been surprised by the easy acceptance, or desire to change Heaven’s mindset about love. It was a heartwarming moment between the two...until Gabriel slapped his ass. Watching the meddlesome shrimp be thrown bodily into the lake by Castiel made up for it though.
“Yeah…” Dean’s smile is soft and fond. “He um, he’s got a place set up for you, ya know. He says it looks just like the place you had with Eileen in Texas. Which, by the way, Texas, Sam? Really? With all the yeehaw bullshit?”
The Angel’s hand finds its place on his cheek. The familiar brush of his thumb against flushed cheekbones is an instant comfort. “Dean, you turned out to be a beautiful, selfless, loving soul despite your father, not because of him.”
Faster and faster the memories swirl as they show how Dean defied the Angels that hunted for Castiel. How he mourned every time he thought the Angel was dead or missing. He saw the drinking binges dark with self-loathing. He felt the unadulterated joy when Dean saw him return. Dean called Castiel his win. Through Dean’s eyes he finally understood the meaning behind the mix tape - the one full of songs by the band that made his parents fall in love. Because that’s what it was. Love. Strong enough to defy the Mark of Cain, to survive years of being crushed beneath the hunter’s proverbial boots. A love that grew no matter how hard Dean fought it...with every touch, every smile, every quiet moment they shared.
It's nighttime as a black van pulls up and stops outside a suburban home. Two men in skeleton masks, each carrying a large blade get out of the van and walk up to the front door. They nod at each other in a ‘let’s do this’ manner and turn towards the door. Little do they know, someone beat them there. There is no warning as Dean Winchester uses his trusty machete and slices off one of their heads in a single blow. The head falls to the floor and the second Vamp turns towards the duo. Sam wastes no time. The sharp rapport of a gunshot pierces the silence of the evening and the second Vampire drops onto the cold ground.
There is violence in Dean’s smile. “Oh, no, no, no, no, no. No. This isn't a you-walk-out- of-here kind of a situation. But see, if you tell us quick, you get this.” He holds up the blood-stained machete that so easily decapitated the other Vampire. “But if you take your time, you get, uh... you get that.”
Dean exits the car and leans against the hood. The heated metal is warm at his back as he bows his head and closes his eyes. He prays. Cas had said before that he could sense it when Dean’s soul called out for him...when it longed for him. And he’d been there when Dean bit it, so surely he knew the hunter was in Heaven. That asshole is hiding.
These days, Sam is the only one doing any hunting. Eileen had tried to insist she was still capable after she became pregnant, but Sam is not going to risk her or their unborn child. He knows all too well how quickly a routine hunt could go wrong now that they don’t have Chuck’s plot armour. He felt pretty bad using his brother’s death to get his way and convince her to stay at home, but if anything happened to her again he’d never forgive himself.
His grip tightens as he feels tears sting his eyes. “It’s - It’s not working. It’s not enough. If I had more time maybe I -”
“Kinda. She drew this.” The police officer shows Sam and Dean a drawing resembling a grinning skeleton’s face. The brothers look at each other in surprise as the officer is called away.
“I tried to warn you, dude. Not the toaster’s fault you only think with your stomach.” Sam chuckles at his brother’s half-hearted glare and watches as he locates a plate before gingerly picking up the bread. Dean grabs the butter out of the fridge and settles himself at the table, watching his younger brother expectantly.
After his brother glumly settled on the large blade, Sam and Dean both enter the barn looking for the kids. The creep quietly through the hay-covered ground, mindful of the various dark corners. Who knows what might be hiding in there… Suddenly, Sam and Dean hear a noise and approach a stall with a closed door. They open it and find the two kids as promised.
“Yeah, it is, 'cause the last I heard, you... you were in Heaven's lock-up.” Dean walks closer in an attempt to jog his memory. Surely this had happened before...but then again, Cas had said...
Castiel does not appreciate the hunter’s quiet chuckle. “Ya know, for a centuries old Angel, you sure are dumb.”
Dean is hard in his jeans, he’s sucking in air like he’s drowning but he can’t tear his eyes away from the glorious tanned skin being bared for him. Castiel’s dress shirt joins the pile at his feet as he toes out of his socks and shoes. The Angel’s obvious arousal is straining against the fabric of his pants and Dean is nearly giddy at the thought that in another moment he’ll get to see it. No more wet dreams and shame-filled jerk off sessions in the shower. No more cruising the bars for dark brown hair and blue eyes that make it easier to pretend.
Within moments the boys are back in the car. They have their location and there isn’t a moment to waste. Following the now dead Vampire’s directions they come upon an old, dilapidated barn in the middle of nowhere. Exiting the car, they instinctively go to the trunk and begin sifting through their arsenal. Sam tries not to think too hard about his brother’s mental state as he takes in how filthy the car is. Dean had never neglected the Impala before… Instead he looks up at the building looming behind them.
Sam finds a bench where they can see the people as they walk by. He watches as his brother is nearly careened into by an oblivious passerby. The large box in his hands wobbles precariously.
Dean’s eyes are drooping and Castiel can feel the grip on his arm weakening, but all he can do is clutch the hunter to him. “Goodbye, Dean.”
The hunter leans in slowly as though he’s afraid Castiel will bolt, before slotting their mouths together. It’s soft and gentle, the barest touch of their lips, and Dean Winchester is not the type to believe in fireworks or seeing stars, but he will swear to Jack or Chuck or whatever other deity might be out there that that’s exactly what happened. He can hear the Angel’s sharp inhale at the tentative sweep of Dean’s tongue against his lips, but he opens for Dean instantly, groaning into his mouth as the wet muscle tangles with his.
The scandalized look on his brother’s face is everything and he can’t hold back the laughter. “I have wanted to do that for a very long time.” He laughs harder as Dean uses a fork to wipe the pie off his face and eat it. “Oh, you're right. I do feel better.”
“Yeah well somebody once told me that I had to die of old age. For once, I did what I was told.” Sam takes in their surroundings. “I guess what Cas said is true, huh? He really did redo Heaven for you.”
Dean’s so far gone that he doesn’t notice the Angel lining himself up until there are fingers gripping his hips, pulling him up to his knees, and Cas is pushing into him. There’s no pain, only the delicious feeling of being filled. Like everything else about him, the Angel’s dick was fucking perfect for Dean. He’s just getting used to the stretch when the bastard pulls out sharply and snaps his hips, nailing the hunter’s prostate on the first go.
“Okay. Okay. Uh... right. Alright. Listen to me. Um...You get those boys and you get them someplace safe, alright?”
This can’t be happening. Not now. Not when they were finally free. Sam can hear the edge of panic in his own voice. “I will find a way, okay? I-I will find another way.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I know.” He talks to the dog because the silence is deafening. Miracle whiles in response. “Yeah, me too.”
Dean starts at the unexpected voice. He turns towards the familiar sound and sees Bobby, sitting on a chair in front of ‘Harvelle’s Roadhouse’. He tilts his head, squinting slightly in confusion. At least Castiel’s words had made him feel better at the end, even if he’s definitely been here before.
The Impala flies down the road as Dean steps on the gas. He’s got a destination and a short time to get there. This was one drive he insisted on doing by himself. As much as Cas is Sam’s family too, Dean wants to be the one to greet him. He doesn’t question Angelic physics as a drive that normally takes him over an hour passes in minutes. The hunter pulls up to a small bridge overlooking a small river. This is where Cas said Sam would arrive. He thinks the bridge looks kinda similar to the one where they worked their first case together...the Woman in White. He walks to the edge and gazes at the water for a moment before intuition causes him to turn. Sam has arrived.
“But I still hurt her and a lot of other people, I’m sure.” Dean squeezed Castiel’s thigh, and gave him another short glance. “What about you? Who was your first kiss?”
“It sounds like you’re all very spontaneous people,” Jess said. “Sam, why don’t we ever just take off and go somewhere like them? We always plan ahead, and then work gets in the way, and we don’t go anywhere.”
“Perfect,” Castiel said, lowering his hands. Dean instantly missed his touch. “I will pick you up at seven o’clock.”
“Cas, I didn’t know that being in love could feel this good and not as terrifying as I had expected.”
No, she had never been naïve enough to think that their encounter had been fate, but it was too convenient. Maybe it wasn’t, though. Maybe it was just completely random.
“I didn’t see you guys come in,” Dean said. “Amelia, this is my brother Sam, and his wife, Jess. Guys, this is Amelia.”
While Castiel paid for the lamp, Dean returned with a guitar. An actual guitar, not a ukelele. Castiel stared at the guitar and then at Dean, and that was enough for Dean to understand the silent question.
“It was obvious to me that he wanted something more,” Castiel said. “You really don’t notice much, do you?”
Dean dug the keys out of his pocket and then handed them to Castiel, his eyes wary. “Want me to go with you?”
As much as he tried, he couldn’t get the image of Ben looking miserable with that man who Lisa kept referring to as his dad. Dean knew he had to keep a straight face and look strong, no matter how ready he was to crumble inside. This was still Ben’s birthday and Ben didn’t need two shitty dads today.
Dean stared at Sam, wide-eyed. In all his mourning, he hadn’t stopped to think about how losing Mary had affected Sam. He couldn’t believe how selfish he’d been. Of course Sam was breaking apart as much as Dean. And instead of comforting him, Dean was just being difficult.
“I feel like I’m missing out on so many things, Castiel,” Anna continued. “We’re supposed to be family. But we don’t see each other. We don’t talk. I
“Other than how hungry he looks, I think he’s fine,” Castiel said, looking back at Jo. “I was worried earlier. We saw an explosion and I know he gets antsy around fire.”
Castiel reached for Dean’s hand, lacing their fingers. “Dean, I don’t give a fuck about your gender, your job, or your mental illness. I fell in love with you. All of you. I don’t need anyone’s approval to have you in my life.”
Dean dug inside the box Castiel was holding and took out one of the fireworks. It was a small cylinder. “This is the smallest one. Let’s just launch this one. For Ben. Please?”
Dean nailed the scene, but they still had to kiss four times to be sure the scene was perfect. There was a strange scene at the end where Castiel’s character, Emmanuel, told Michael that he deserved better than a rebound. That he deserved “a good kind of love.” It was a very sweet scene that left Michael a bit shocked. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say that the writers were shaping up the season for a love story between Michael and Emmanuel. But that couldn’t be. They’d never been willing to address the fans who’d wanted that to happen when the show first aired.
Aaron blinked, completely stunned as he moved back to his side of the seat. “Oh. I thought. I mean, I thought you did. You said you wanted to show me around.”
Dean leaned his head against Sam’s shoulder. He feared he would pass out any second. “Why am I so tired? When I was younger I could go weeks with little sleep.”
Anna laughed. “You’re really overestimating him now. I’m not going to spoil the surprise. You’ll have to wait and see for yourself.”
Castiel knew it was a bad idea, but he put the box down and followed Dean deeper into the yard with Sam in tow. Dean had a container full of sand on the ground, and he buried the cylinder inside. Then he grabbed a lighter from his pocket.
“Then you better get some rest tonight.” Raejean leaned back down, draped an arm over her eyes. “And let me rest.”
Castiel stood outside of Chuck’s apartment, his suitcase at his feet, while a variety of thuds came from inside the apartment leading up to Chuck answering the door. Chuck was in a bathrobe, and he had a piece of salami stuck to his hair. Castiel got the feeling that Chuck rarely had any guests over.
At least Dean and Claire were with him again. Castiel was clinging to both of them like his life depended on it because that was exactly what it felt like. Castiel depended so completely on these two people. If anything were to ever happen to either of them…
Castiel sat up straight, glancing back at Jody with a soft smile. “Thank you, Jody. I know I can always count on you.”
Please stop leaving me these letters in my bag for me to find at work. I’ve found it very difficult to teach my classes while I’m a sobbing mess. That being said, the sentiment in mutual.
Dean snorted, squeezing Castiel’s thigh underneath the table. “It’s nice of you to join us, Bela. Sorry we didn’t get to spend much time last night at the party.”
Dean tried to convince himself that the unpleasantness he felt wasn’t because he wanted Castiel in the same way that the woman still eyeing him did.
When Gabriel flew down and announced their fifteen minutes were up, the rest of Dean’s ingredients disappeared as quickly as they’d appeared.
New years brought new beginnings, and for the first time in a long time, Castiel was hopeful that good things were coming. For both of them.
Dean and Castiel stood under the porch light. Dean bounced on his toes, rubbing the back of his neck. “I guess I’ll see you around?”
“I found him,” Castiel said. “Before I tell you what happened, Dean is safe and sound, and he’s currently sitting on his couch drinking tea.”
But it didn’t end there. Slowly, Castiel stopped leaving the house for any other reason except work. Dean had to cancel many of their plans, until eventually he started going out alone. Dean tried getting Castiel to talk to him, to trust him with whatever was causing this change, but Castiel had stopped listening somewhere around that time. One moment, Castiel was a sweet, attentive, loving husband, and the next, he was a brick wall, cold and insensitive.
They had a few more beers before Castiel reminded Dean that it was getting late and they should be heading out now.
Ron grunted, keeping his glare steady on Castiel as if daring him to say something. And Castiel wanted to say something. A million red flags were going off in his head. This man was not to be trusted. Why the hell was he trying to lure them into his house? There was no telling what his real intentions were.
A puff of mist that smelled of peppermint came out of the lit up essential oil diffuser on the wooden table between Castiel and Jody. It was kind of Jody to make sure the thing was always on and smelling of peppermint every time Castiel had an appointment with her. Castiel had found that the minty scent calmed him down.
“But if you’re not okay with it, we don’t have to do it,” Dean said, quickly, hoping he hadn’t just screwed up his friendship. “If it’s too weird for you, we don’t have to. I just—I really trust you, and I want to do it with someone I trust. I don’t know if that’s too much to ask of you, though.”
“Oh, kiddo, she loves you,” Dean said. “You wanna play with her? She likes throwing the balloon back and forth. Maybe you can toss it to her.”
Dean turned to her, and the look she gave him made him stop. She looked genuinely interested. Anna was a kind person, and it was hard not to be kind back. He sighed. “I don’t really listen to any music lately. I guess I grew out of it.”
Dean did it again, this time running both of his hands through both of the wings’ feathers. Castiel kept them in place, his blue eyes focused on Dean. “Come on, baby,” Dean muttered.
“Cas, hey, you okay?” Dean sat down beside him. He wanted to wrap his arm around Castiel, but instead he touched his back, hesitantly.
Dean was beaming, fully awake now. “Claire!” And then he was out the door, rushing up the front porch.
Everyone in the room laughed. Later in the evening, they decided to watch a movie. Since Dean and Castiel—but mostly Castiel—hated the cold, they opted for watching a movie at home. It took longer to pick the movie than the movie lasted, but they finally picked
Dean shook his head. “I like the bonus I get at the end of the year. A couple thousand dollars is worth all the bullshit I have to put up with.”
Castiel was speechless. Dean was going to another country for the summer and he wanted Castiel to go with him. With everything that had been happening between them, Castiel wasn’t sure where they stood in their friendship. But this felt like a commitment. Like something serious. Castiel wasn’t sure if he was reading too much into it or not. He was too afraid to ask. “Do you
“Why not?” Dean said. “I loved your book. The romance was the best part. I mean, don’t get me wrong, it was all incredible, but the romance. It fucking destroyed me.”
Amelia was blushing, but she loved Ben and Dean enough to endure the unwanted attention. “I had to follow a lot of Youtube tutorials to figure out how to use fondant because it’s my first time. I didn’t want to let you down, Ben.”
Dean felt Castiel’s laughter when his body shook with the movement. His own eyes had closed, but he hadn’t quite drifted off. He felt so relaxed. But then Castiel placed a gentle hand to Dean’s head and whispered into his ear, “Dean, sorry to wake you, but I have to go.”
“This felt really good,” Dean said, blowing on the page he had finished sketching before closing the book and tucking it away. “We should do this again soon.”
Dean blinked. “Huh. I hadn’t noticed. I guess I don’t usually get in the Christmas mode. I mean, I used to, before—but now it’s different, I guess.”
Dean fell asleep, remembering the soft touches from Castiel when they were in bed on cold nights, curled under their blanket, clinging to each other, pressing cold lips to cold necks.
Castiel removed his hand from around Dean’s shoulder, and Dean missed the weight of it instantly. “You going to be okay?”
Castiel picked up on the third ring. He was wearing a Santa hat and holding up a glass of red wine. “Dean! I’m glad you called. How are you?”
Sam was sitting up today, eating a bowl of cereal. It wasn’t the best breakfast, but they didn’t have many options for food. They would have to start stealing supplies from nearby houses.
The rest of the day went by slowly. Dean was anxious to get home and see Lisa again. See that smile on her face when she saw him, the way she used to smile at him before their last fight. Dean wanted to reassure himself of what he’d told Castiel that morning, that he and Lisa were back to normal. That their relationship was saved yet again.
Dean cut up two pieces, and Castiel continued licking his lips, almost deliberately. Dean didn’t want to be a creep and stare, but it was so hard to resist. Especially because he wondered if Castiel was doing it intentionally. Did he want Dean to stare at his lips?
Castiel was staring down at his salad. “I’m done with my food.” Without looking once at Aaron, Castiel got up and went back to his desk. They still had ten minutes left on their lunch.
As he made his way downstairs, Dean heard the familiar snoring sounds that had kept him up many times before. When he rounded the corner into the living room, he saw Jess and Castiel sprawled on the pull-out couch, sleeping close together. Castiel’s head rested on her shoulder. Jess had one arm around Castiel. The sight was endearing as hell; Dean couldn’t look away.
Dean turned to Castiel and took in his profile. With nothing but the flames of the campfire and the stars to light up his face, he looked somber. “What an asshole.”
Dean rolled his eyes, trying to hide the truth from Castiel. Of course Castiel made Dean nervous, especially when he had him this close. Without meaning to, Dean yanked Castiel’s hair, tilting his head further up. “Sorry.”
“Incredible.” The word was whispered. Castiel busied himself with packing up his things again, but his ears had turned pink.
Inside, they took off their coats and their shoes, and went straight into Castiel’s bedroom. Castiel undressed, removing his holster and storing his gun away on his nightstand. Then he reached for Dean, pulling him into his arms.
To Dean, this house was like a castle. Growing up, he’d never had a stable home. He’d lived in about a thousand motel rooms and a hundred apartments, none of which he could call home because right when he was getting used to the place, it was time to move again. This was the first place where Dean felt like he had his feet firmly on the ground, where he could grow his roots.
While Dean filled up the tank, Castiel and Charlie remained inside the Impala, listening to Dean’s old Ramones cassette tape. Another reason why Castiel regretted not putting up a fight about taking his truck. At least he had more variety in music. Dean was such an avid classic rock fan. It had been endearing at first—many things about Dean had been endearing at first—but lately, Castiel couldn’t stand Dean’s music. He’d brought it up during some of their old fights because it really hit a nerve with Dean. Complaining about it now would probably make the trip more dreadful, and at least for Charlie’s sake, they had to keep the peace.
Castiel crossed his arms and leaned back on his seat as he waited for his food. Everyone else tried to start up conversations but they died easily. They all knew something was going on with Dean and Castiel. Maybe Castiel had been lying to himself all this time. Maybe Dean had never really wanted him. All those kisses, they’d just been for Dean’s amusement. Dean kissed Castiel because he knew how much Castiel liked it, and he felt sorry for him. But he didn’t want anything serious with him.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. A duet. The two of us. Come on.” He was out of his seat, pulling on Dean’s arm to get him to stand up.
“What?” Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. When the woman stood right beside him at the counter and said a quick greeting, Castiel turned to look at her, eyebrows raised. “Oh, hello.”
Lisa lifted her left hand, showing the flashy ring on her finger. “I’m actually engaged to a wonderful man.”
Back in their hotel, Dean walked Castiel to his room, and he leaned against the wall as Castiel searched for his key card.
Dean smiled, brushing his thumb over Castiel’s cheekbone. “Me too.” After a beat, he said, “But we’d probably freeze and our daughter needs us.”
They made it back to the Impala before noon. Dean was already getting antsy at the thought of seeing his brother again, even though he was expected. He had a good feeling about it, and that was rare for him. He should be expecting tragedy, at the least. But he couldn’t make his positivity disappear when it felt so solid.
