Three months later
Cas was quiet after Mary left. He fielded a questioning look from Sam, but waved him off and pasted on a happy smile for the rest of their visit. It wasn’t hard with Oscar sleeping like an angel in Eileen’s arms and everyone else so genuinely happy in the room.
Dean joined Castiel near the hardwood samples, “Hey, Castiel! Looking for flooring today?”
I want to assure readers that the end of this story is written and it will be finished. Hope you're enjoying it :)
Cas instantly recognized the voice behind him and rolled his eyes before he turned around. “Hello Brady.” An awkward silence followed.
Cas reddened a bit, but quickly recovered with a comeback. “Well, you knew what I meant, so what does that say about you?” He smirked and raised one eyebrow at Dean, challenging him to disagree.
Dean swiped at his eyes and glanced at the call display before he answered. “Hey Sam, what’s up?”
Cas groaned at the bad joke and raised a brow as Dean lifted his head and made eye contact, barely containing his laughter.
“Good for him.”
“I don’t know you well, Brady, but I’m sure if you were a good friend of Dean’s you wouldn’t have to ask.” Cas turned back to the grill to check the meat and turn the hot dogs.
“Fine. Just give me a heads up so I don’t run into anyone in the hallway at 3:00 a.m.”
Sam dropped his gaze. “I’m just worried about him. He obviously isn’t in a good place, but he’s probably way more vulnerable than you know. I just want to make sure he’s around people who aren’t going to take advantage of him.”
Dean was trying to pay attention to his mom and the Walkers, but the glimpse he had of Cas outside was distracting. Mary tried to get his attention again as the Walkers wandered away to the buffet. “Dean, did you hear me.” She tracked his gaze out to the patio, where Cas was standing by the grill.
“Not really …”
Dean’s jaw dropped. “You were married?”
“Anywhere near that bakery with the pizza oven?”
Cas flushed, “Yes, Missouri, this is Dean. Dean, this is my friend Missouri. She’s a nurse and Jack’s occasional babysitter.” He reached for Jack and she handed him over. “And this is Jack,” Cas said proudly.
Dean sighed and rubbed his hands over his face, “Yeah, Carmen had a guest last night.”
Dean wanted to say something to Castiel so badly, but all he could think of were horrible pick up lines. Come here often? …. What’s a handsome guy like you doing in a place like this? …  Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven? Dean hated that he couldn’t just say something, but nothing was good enough. He wasn’t good enough for a man like this. He stayed in his chair, slowly sipping his coffee and glancing behind the counter whenever he thought Castiel wasn’t looking.
“Nah, I can just loan you mine.”
The living room was clean and comfortable. A big cushy dark blue sectional filled two walls. In front of it was a large square rustic coffee table on industrial casters. The centrepiece of the table was a large handblown glass bong, which had a glass dragon in the middle of it. There was a guitar propped at one end of the couch.
Cas gathered copies of all the paperwork together and made sure Michael was ready to meet him at the hospital, if necessary. Then he headed to Kelly’s apartment to pick up some supplies. He loaded up his car with all the smaller baby things she had stocked up on – clothes, diapers and wipes, a bassinet and a car seat. It was hard to be in her apartment knowing she was gone, so he didn’t stay long. He’d come back later to finish gathering the things he’d need. He didn’t sleep for even a minute. After he returned to his apartment to unload his car and install the car seat, he drank some coffee and ate a power bar while he waited out the clock.
“So, what’s next Cas.”
Dean gave Cas a knowing smirk, “I did.” He shifted the popcorn to the table, turned his body and lifted one knee to straddle Cas’ lap, “and I liked it.” Dean gently lifted Cas’ chin and dipped down to nuzzle at his neck. He nipped softly at the sensitive spot just below the bolt of Cas’ jaw. Cas dropped his head back even further and moaned.  “I would have liked to see that.” Cas gasped as Dean shifted in his lap and he felt their rapidly hardening members touch through their clothing. “I wouldn’t mind trying it again,” Dean answered, his own breaths coming hard and fast as they started moving together.
A few minutes before 3:00 p.m. a short, loud man burst through the doors. “Cassie! Your saviour has arrived!” He spread his arms wide in the center of the coffee shop and grinned at Castiel behind the counter.
“Yes, in the backyard. Nothing fancy, just a few lawn chairs and a fire pit too, but good enough.”
“I couldn’t impose on you. We’ve just met.” Castiel shook his head.
Dean smiled back. “Yeah, we can take it slow.” He tilted his lips back up and kissed Cas again, this time softly and unhurried.
Dean heard a heavy sigh and then the neighbour’s door opened and closed again. He realized his neighbour would be going out front to talk to the movers. Dean swung his own door wide, ran through the large open space and practically tripped down the stairs, peering around the edge of his front window just as his neighbour’s door opened. The man who emerged – Mr. Novak – was almost as tall as Dean, with toned, tan skin, an unruly head of dark hair, and the most piercing blue eyes Dean had ever seen.
Mary looked a little uncomfortable, but recovered quickly, “Thank you Cas. It was nice to meet you tonight.”
“Gabriel, you were due an hour ago. I’ve already started your orders, but I expect you to make it up on your shift tomorrow.”
Cas looked confused. He didn’t remember saying anything to Missouri about the guardianship or anything else.
Thank you so much for reading this story. I would love some feedback in the comments. Do you want to see more of what happens next to the Winchesters?
The bare subfloor of Castiel’s living room was covered by yesterday’s haul from Bobby’s – including the toilet – and he was a little overwhelmed. He had downsized and boxed up most of his belongings to prepare for the renovation, so the only place he had to sit at the moment was his thrift store couch, and even it was destined to be hauled away once he was ready for new furnishings.
“Cassie! We’re co-owners, you know there has to be some give and take.”
Dean didn’t see Cas at all for a few days, but he couldn’t get the man out of his head. For the first time in years, he caught himself day dreaming at work. Fortunately, he was at his desk and not out in the plant where he could get hurt or, worse yet, get someone else hurt. He was always on his guard when he went out on the floor to check on the metal fabrication processes or help with some on-site trouble shooting. Dean caught his reflection as he glanced out the window and realized the operators on the floor would never let him live it down if they saw the dreamy look on his face right now. He felt like a teenage girl with his first crush, even though Cas definitely wouldn’t be his “first” anything.
“Jeez Cas! He’s having a baby, not getting married.” Dean grinned and looked at Cas out of the corner of his eye, “Strippers and shots were 2 years ago. Aren’t you sorry you missed it?”
“I think I’ve found most of what I need, but I guess I should talk to you about a toilet?”
Cas bought time with another long hit on the bong, and took his time exhaling. He looked at a blank spot on the wall while Dean watched him.
“Just off Main. Near the farmer’s market.”
“And did you forget to tell me you weren’t living with Carmen any more?” Sam’s voice raised a bit. “I just showed up at your apartment and she doesn’t know where you are.”
Dean laughed with pure joy, his eyes tearing as he reached down and grasped Cas’ free hand to draw him up into his arms. “Yes!” They embraced and, as everyone around them cheered, Cas pulled the ring free from the box and held it so Dean could see inside. Mounted flush inside the band were two small diamonds and engraved next to them was ‘DW+CW’. “If you’re okay with it, I’d like to take your name.” Dean held his hand out and Cas slid the ring home. Dean flexed his hand and then cupped Castiel’s face and leaned in for a kiss. “Of course, Mr. Winchester.”
Dean looked up from the display case at the same time as the man behind the case closed it and stood straight. That was the second thing that made him stay.
Cas gave Dean a big gummy smile. “Well then, I’ll show you the rest.”
Dean had come to terms with the fact that he was attracted to men and women alike, and a few forays into gay bars and Pornhub had confirmed that fact. He’d also realized that he purposely chose the inappropriate one-night stands because he wasn’t ready for a relationship. Now that he had his life in order, Dean felt like he could try something more serious. He just needed to find someone he wanted to spend more than a night with.
“Do you have a barbecue?
“It’s Sam, and what the hell Dean! It’s been less than 24 hours since I saw you and apparently you broke up with the woman you’ve lived with for 2 years and moved already?”
Cas laughed, “Well, he’s not quite ‘toddling’ yet, but I appreciate the help.” Cas finished up the last of the cleaning while Dean kept Jack amused, and then they headed downstairs to tackle the shelves. Cas settled Jack in with his bouncy chair in an open space where he could watch them work without being too close to the action.
Dean cracked a beer and scrolled through his phone to the local pizza delivery app he’d discovered the first week he moved in. He ordered his usual extra large all dressed, then stepped out on his deck to wait out the delivery. Leaning against the railing, he drank his beer and scrolled to a word scramble game that was his latest obsession. Dean had barely completed one level when he heard the door opening on the deck next to him. Fortunately, there was a solid wall separating the two structures, but apparently, he’d still be able to hear his new neighbour.
Dean left the impala behind the shop and drove Bobby’s old pick-up to the liquor store for boxes – and some Johnny Walker for later – then headed to his former home with Carmen. Fortunately, she had headed into work on schedule, so he had the place to himself. Dean tossed the first armful of boxes into the centre of the living room and surveyed the scene.
Dean drove, arguing successfully that the Impala was a faster ride and they were late. They were rushing from the car when Dean said, “I can’t believe Charlie and Gilda wanted to go here. I thought they’d pick some sort of hipster place with avocado toast.”
“Have you thought about being a dad?”
“Really Cas, it’s good. I don’t see anything I want to change yet, but I’ll let you know.”
“Damn …”. Cas put down his tea long enough to fill a mug with coffee and hand it to Dean.
“Exactly,” agreed Dean, “and, by the way, I think I’ve also listened to most of your music collection too!”
He held the device up to Cas’ shoulder, “Well, look at that light. It’s very accurate!” Cas blushed and their eyes held for a moment. Jack’s giggles finally broke the spell and Cas quickly headed over to the empty bookcases and started moving one over, while Dean retrieved the rest of his supplies.
By the time Dean left the Cas’ home for the short trip to his own front door, he was itching to start reading and Cas had a fully shelved and organized library.
Dean was struck by the man’s gravelly voice. The voice paused, obviously listening to the other side of the conversation.
“What, no comment on the relationship status?”
Dean rolled his eyes, “you can’t be serious.”
Cas woke up with the sun rise. The warm body pressed against every inch of his front momentarily confused him, but then he remembered the night before. He flexed the fingers of his left hand, all of them cradled between Dean’s fingers and clutched to Dean’s breastbone. He breathed deeply and took in Dean’s warm natural scent imbued with a trace of Cas’ shampoo. Cas heart stuttered and he took a moment to think about what all this meant for them. They weren’t just roommates anymore, certainly they had become friends, but would Dean accept more? Was he ready for more?
Dean’s jaw dropped while Cas took Gabe down the hall for his supper.
“I want this so much, but I want it all. Not just something physical, but … everything. Are you ready for that?”
Dean spoke softly, “She was beautiful.”
Shocked, Cas pushed Brady’s hand back down between them, “What the hell are you doing? This is the last place you should pulling out that stuff, and I wouldn’t be interested any time.” He dropped the lid on the grill and stepped back from Brady. “I think you need to get the fuck away from me before I tell Sam what you’re up to.”
“Okay ….”
Cas drank half the bottle in short order, and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “I’m ready now if you would be so kind.”
“Two blocks away. They also make great chocolate croissants.”
Cas boiled the kettle and brewed a pot, then set the table with cups, spoons and honey while they waited for it to steep.
Dean had awoken fully by now as well. As Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s hand he reacted by clutching firmly back. He reached his right arm over his head until he cradled the back of Cas’ neck, gently holding Cas’ lips against his neck as he arched his back and pushed his hips deeper into Cas’ lap. Cas moaned deeply behind him, freeing his left thumb from Dean’s grip and gently rubbing Dean’s nipple through his t-shirt. Dean moaned as they started to rock their bodies against each other slowly. Cas’ lips parted and he pressed soft wet kisses to the nape of Dean’s neck and his left shoulder. Dean gasped at the feel of Cas’ tongue as his mouth moved up towards the soft spot behind Dean’s ear. Cas growled and took the lobe of Dean’s ear between his lips, nipping it gently with his teeth.
Finally, they found some cute baby “rocker” t-shirts and picked out one that said “Rockstar in Training” and a little black and white striped baby beanie. They topped off the pile with a colorful inch worm stuffy that had a shaker rattle built into the end.
Cas hesitated in the hallway, wanting to follow the baby to the nursery but feeling like he needed to wait for news about Kelly.
Dean spent almost an hour with Castiel going over the various products on show until he finally settled on a grey barn board laminate and a slightly retro black and white faux tile linoleum for the kitchen. Dean wrote up an order to be delivered to his house so he wouldn’t have to haul it in his car. Fortunately, everything could be prepaid and delivered contact free.
Cas stumbled into his tiny apartment at almost 3:00 a.m., tripping over the jumble of shoes at the door and blindly stripping off his hoodie to drop it on the floor. He didn’t turn on a light or lock the door behind him. Instead, he dropped onto his second-hand leather couch, threw his head back and covered his face with both hands. The tears started slowly at first, then poured onto his cheeks as his quiet cry turned into full on sobs. It was a long time before he could catch his breath.
“Like a rental?” asked Castiel.
Once they polished off their food Cas led Dean into the smaller bedroom on the main floor. “This is going to be Jack’s room,” he gestured to the partially built crib, “And that is all yours if you know how to put it together.”
“So, what’s your system,” Dean asked, “I don’t see you sorting by colour, so maybe it’s alphabetical by author, or do you use the Dewey decimal system like a real library? You certainly have enough books!”
“Are you sure, I don’t want to come between you.”
“I’m sorry for your loss, Cas, and Jack’s too.” Dean patted Cas lightly on the back.
“Which ones?”
Dean pulled around the corner half a block away from his home, hitting the garage door opener as soon as he was within range. He pulled the impala into the garage connected to the last of a long row of brand-new townhouses. The new development was slowly filling with new owners. His part of the complex had been quiet since he moved in two months ago, but by the looks of the moving truck in front of the garage next door that was coming to an end.
He scanned the rest of the videos until he found one on toilet installation. This was a bit more straightforward, but gave Castiel the opportunity to admire Dean’s strong shoulders in action as he moved the heavy fixture into place and pressed it firmly to the wax seal, then bolted it in place and tightened the plumbing. He quickly realized he would need to remove the old toilet, then tile the floor and finally install the new fixture. He would definitely be “roughing it” for a couple of days, but it was all doable.
Dean and Cas became inseparable, spending their days in Bobby’s shop and their evenings together cooking, watching movies, listening to records and cuddling on the couch. Dean’s musical knowledge broadened as Cas shared some of his more esoteric favourites and the classical music that he’d learned as a child.
“No, this is your home now too Dean. I need to make sure you feel comfortable.”
“Of course, and there’s a social worker on call who can answer any questions you might have about his care.”
Dean’s narrowed his eyes and frowned at Cas. “Are you making fun of me? Of Baby?”
Sam pulled out a bottle of non-alcoholic bubbly next, and Dean helped by emptying the last of the bag, setting out plastic wine glasses and little cocktail napkins covered in yellow rubber ducks on the table. Sam passed him the bottle, “Uncle Dean, would you do the honors?”
Dean was worried. “Cas, just tell me.”
“We’re going to the roadhouse for supper and drinks with a few friends, maybe we’ll shoot some pool. You in?”
Cas had already called an Uber, since they were both feeling the effects from the early activities of their evening. The car arrived early, and they were both surprised to see a red 1972 Ford Fairlane pull up in front of the house. Dean’s jaw dropped and he walked across the lawn gaping at the fully restored beauty. When he rounded the front to get a better look the driver’s head popped out of the side window, “Are you Cas?” She was young, probably late 20’s, with vibrant red hair and a wide grin.
“Gabe is a Burmese and he has made it clear to me that he is a small furry human.” Cas grinned. “I respect his choices.”
“Alan Parsons Project?”
“That sounds like a challenge. Can we see if there’s anything new to you in my stacks?” Cas stood and walked over to the records.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once they were in the car Dean asked Cas, “How do you know sign language?”
They piled into the room and went soft at the sight in front of them. Eileen, even red faced with her hair pulled back, was positively beautiful as she gazed down at the bundle in her arms. Mary sat at her side, bent over and beaming at the new addition to her family. This was her first grandchild, and she hoped he could have the childhood she couldn’t give her own boys.
Dean knocked softly and called out, “Sam, is it safe?”
Just as they got up to head to the bathroom Dean heard his phone ringing and detoured to the living room to check it while Cas went to start the shower. Dean joined him just as the water was warming. “We’ll have to make this quick Cas. Eileen is in the hospital!”
Dean watched Sam’s face go from confused to curious and amused in the space of a few seconds, then he gathered his wits and shook Cas’ hand. “Nice to meet you, Cas. I’ll definitely take that drink.”
Cas stopped to sip his drink again. Dean waited patiently for him to finish, and then prompted him to continue his story. “Why did you leave?”
“Good evening, Mrs. Winchester, and congratulations on your new grandson.” He looked over to Sam, “Congratulations Sam, you must be so happy.” Sam smiled as Castiel reached over and gripped his shoulder for a moment.
“Helen Reddy?”
The drive home was quiet, each of them lost in their own thoughts and neither of them picking up on the other’s mood. It wasn’t until they were home and Dean dropped into the couch that he finally let out the breath he’d felt like he was holding in all afternoon. Cas changed into yoga pants and a torn t-shirt, grabbed two beers from the fridge and joined him on the couch. Cas handed Dean his beer and they both took a long pull, then sat in silence for a moment.
“Sure is,” Charlie grinned and patted the steering wheel. “It was my grandpa’s car and he kept it covered in a shed for years.” She got a little quiet, then continued. “I didn’t really know him when I was a kid, but then my parents passed on when I was 14 and I went to live with him. He gave me this car when I turned 16 and we fixed it up together.”
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes, “There’s a family business. My grandfather started a publishing company and it took off in the 70’s under my dad’s management. All my brothers work there.” Dean raised an eyebrow, “Brothers?” Cas silenced him with a piercing blue stare and Dean waved his hand in a circle indicating Cas should continue. “So … they all work there and dad decided I would be a good fit for the accounting department. He sent me to school and I came back to work for him for 2 years.”
“Oh shit, I’m so rude,” Dean pulled Sam into the kitchen and closed the door. He turned Sam towards Cas and then gestured between them. “Cas, this is my little brother Sam. Sam, this is my new roommate, Cas.”
Cas learned how to take care of his old truck properly, as Dean walked him through the basics of maintaining a vintage vehicle – changing the oil, checking the tire pressure and some simple repairs. They worked together on the truck and Dean even let Cas help with the Impala.
The room was big enough, with a typically small “old house” closet and big, old windows. There was a bed already and small dresser, which was handy since Dean didn’t have either.
“That’s one of my favorites. Why don’t you take it home with you?”
“Okay, okay, don’t be so serious.” Brady smirked, “I just hope you’re not too invested, because Dean is not relationship material.” Cas’ jaw dropped and Brady continued, “He’s broken. You’re wasting your time trying to fix him.” Brady gave a little wave and toasted Cas with his beer while he moved back towards the group of guys. “See you soon, Cas.”
“That was a lot of work. I’m glad we stayed and helped them clean up. Sam and Eileen looked dead on their feet.”
“Cola,” he said more firmly, and Dean handed over one of the drinks.
Dean sat quietly and let the songs roll over him, enjoying the combination of instrumental pieces, poetic lyrics and melodies he knew would stick with him.
“Cola?” said Cas, unsure, as he pulled out another chair.
Dean gasped in surprise. “Jeez, man, you should wear a bell!” he joked.
Once Bobby heard about Dean’s bad night he sent him home to take care of the loose ends. “Get your shit and get out. You’re better off.” He squeezed Dean’s shoulder with one hand for a moment, the height of PDA for Bobby, and sent him off. “Take my truck, and let me know if you need anything else.”
Cas braced his feet on the floor, shifted forward, and effortlessly stood with Dean wrapped around his waist and his hands under Dean’s upper thighs. “Shit Cas, that’s hot!” Dean’s hand gripped Cas’ biceps, feeling the muscles flex under his palms as Cas walked them around the corner and down the short hall into his room.
Sam and Cas continued sipping slowly and let Dean talk while he drank shot after shot.
“Sure Sam, I’ve got this.” Castiel dropped the lid on the grill and checked the time on his phone. He glanced into the house and saw Dean standing by the patio doors with Mary and an older couple.
“His mother died shortly after Jack was born.” Cas paused, “She was my best friend and I promised her I’d take care of him.”
Dean took a deep breath. “When I moved in here, I was a bit broken. I wasn’t taking care of myself and I wasn’t being true to myself. Carmen took advantage of that, but I let her do it.’ He stroked Cas’ face, “Then I met you and you saw me at my worst. But you didn’t care. You opened your home to me and you showed me that I didn’t need to pretend to be anything more or less than I was. You pulled me out of hell and rebuilt me piece by piece. And along the way, I fell in love with you. That love filled the cracks in all my broken pieces.” Cas looked surprised and Dean stopped him before he could answer. “It’s okay if you don’t say it back, Cas. It’s enough that I could tell you, and just be in love with you”
After another moment, Dean shook off his astonishment at Cas’ banter and started moving boxes. He made quick work of unpacking his bedroom, leaving the closet and dresser barely half filled. His little box of keepsakes he placed on the dresser top, instead of tucked away in the closet.
“I know I have this whole stoner vibe,” Cas said, gesturing at his clothes and the bong on the table, “but I’m not after the high Brady is selling.” Cas went quiet for a moment, and then continued, “I reclaimed my life when I left my family, and part of that was rebelling against their rules and finding my own way.” Cas was relieved to see that Dean seemed to be coming around. “Pot has always been a way to relax and slow things down, to give me time to really think about how I feel and what I want.”
“Hi Dean! Yes, just deciding on something to replace a lot of old shag carpet. Sorry if I interrupted you with a customer …” Castiel glanced towards the door.
Dean and Cas both grabbed a box and headed to the side door. Cas was friendly, showing Dean into the kitchen first and dropping his box on the floor. “I’m not sure where this goes …”
The man looked a bit taken aback, but quickly recovered and responded. “Nice to meet you Dean. I’m Castiel. Enjoy your pie.” Then he smiled again and went back behind the counter.
Dean and Cas cuddled quietly some more, until Dean finally half-carried Cas to the bedroom and they both dropped into a deep sleep.
“No problem. I’m sure you’ll bring it back.” Dean’s eyes crinkled at the corners.
Dean stood and undid his belt buckle, then pulled it free of his belt loops and dropped it to the floor, turning toward the hallway and looking coyly over his shoulder with a grin.
“Seems like you two have hit it off,” said Cas, handing Dean a cold can of Coke.
“Good boy,” the nurse patted Cas on the shoulder but she was really praising the baby. “I’ll leave you to it.”
They both reached for the empty boxes, breaking them down and carrying them out of the now complete baby room and into the kitchen.
The man was in the middle of a conversation with someone on his phone. “Missouri has Jack for the night, so I’ll be able to get a lot of the big things in place tonight.”
“I’ve eaten, but thanks for the offer.” Missouri smiled and sipped her coffee, watching Cas as he reached into the playpen and cooed at Jack.
“A little wired, honestly. I had an epidural, so I’m still a little numb, but no painkillers. The adrenaline is still running high, too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas and Dean worked together into the night, moving items into place, unpacking the kitchen and clearing out empty boxes for recycling. Cas wanted to work on shelving his books next, but Dean suggested he get some brackets first to secure the bookcases to the wall. When his suggestion was met with an adorably confused head tilt, Dean flushed and rubbed the back of his neck, mumbling, “I’ll get you some tomorrow.”
Then, everything wrong happened at once.
“Please tell me you’re close Dean …”
Dean looked for his next shot, flustered enough that he didn’t even notice Cas’ knowing grin behind his back.
When he made his way to the choices for laminate and hardwood he found himself only 10 feet or so away from where Dean was helping a customer. The woman was in her 30’s, wearing form-fitting yoga pants and a tank top, and gazing up at Dean as if he was explaining the secrets of the universe. Dean was going over her options for a new kitchen floor, but when he caught sight of Castiel he thrust a handful of pamphlets at her. “It looks like you haven’t quite decided what you want. Maybe you could look these over and come back?” Dean suggested, sort of directing her towards the door with one arm while not actually touching her.
“That’s very generous.”
Dean perked up. Finally, he stood and extended his right hand toward Cas.
“Everything was decided for me from the time I was born until I went into the family business. I thought if I went along it would be easier and then once I was working, I could start living my own life. I was wrong.” He paused and fiddled with the embroidery at the bottom edge of his tunic. “My dad wanted to buy up a small independent publisher that was getting a lot of interest. The owner had ‘aspirations’ and my family is firmly at the top of New York’s social circles.” Dean’s eyebrows raised even more, but Cas pushed on. “My dad announced my engagement to the owner’s daughter, April, the day they signed the papers.”
Dean knew he had a long way to go before this place was home, but he was determined to make it his own. This was the first home he owned, and all this space was his alone. After years of struggle and hard work, he was out of the woods. Uncle Bobby had helped Dean and his brother Sam with a place to live and kept social services off their backs after their dad died, but Dean had been determined to do everything he could so the two brothers weren’t too much of a burden. It wasn’t Bobby’s fault that John had dropped the boys at his house for a weekend hunting trip and then promptly driven into a train. Their life had been no picnic before then, but losing their dad when Dean was just finishing high school and Sam was still 13 was the icing on the cake.
“Jack, I think it’s time for me to give up the bachelor pad.”
Dean smirked at Cas. “You don’t even know me.”
“Is it actually Russian?” asked Dean.
“You have Helen Reddy?!” Dean raised an eyebrow at Cas.
“You know, you’ll never have what Sam has here if you don’t give up on these ‘flings’,” Mary said, irritated.
“Another cup?” asked Castiel.
Castiel went straight to the link at the bottom of the message and found dozens of home reno DIY videos, all hosted by “Handy Dean”, and sponsored by Bobby’s Home & Hardware. He quickly selected one near the top labelled “Tile it All” and held his breath as it loaded. The video was simple but well lit and the sound was clear, so Castiel had no trouble hearing Dean’s deep voice and – finally – seeing all of his beautiful features. The mask at the store had apparently been hiding full lips and a chiseled jaw, but the playful tilt of Dean’s wide smile sealed the deal.
“It’s been a pleasure to meet you both. Give me a call if you want to book a ride home.” Charlie took the money and card.
Cas spent the day settling into a new routine with Jack. He organized all his bottle-feeding supplies in the kitchen and the baby bath in the guest bathroom. They went grocery shopping and stocked up on everything Cas had let run out in preparation for the move. He even bought a box of rice cereal and a couple of jars of pureed veggies to get Jack started on solid foods. Kelly would have shaken her head at the price and lectured Cas about making his own mushy carrots, but Cas wasn’t looking for extra work right now. He was just trying to survive as a single parent.
Dean thought for a moment, “I’m pretty sure some of that was the cake.”
Kelly’s doctor joined him a few minutes later. He sat across from Cas and waited a beat before he started speaking.
“Oscar has gotten so big, and if he’s that energetic every day I feel sorry for Sam and Eileen.” Cas was still smiling but his eyes were wide with surprise. Oscar had run circles around the adults all afternoon, and one or more of them seemed to be chasing him down every minute.
Dean didn’t hesitate. “I’m bisexual. And I think you have a nice ass.”
Cas looked around his new home. There were boxes everywhere, but the big pieces of furniture were mostly in place, at least for now. He’d tipped the movers well and they’d agreed to help him out with setting up his bedframe, as well as moving the big couch, chair and tv stand on the lower floor where he wanted them. The furniture was a mix of Cas’ mismatched, mostly small, pieces that had fit in his small apartment. He also had to admit he had way too many books, most of them old favorites and university texts from his teaching days, and only a few copies of his own for reference. Cas was not looking forward to unpacking all those boxes. He’d also moved most of Kelly’s things from her home. The will had stipulated that Cas was her sole beneficiary as well as Jack’s guardian. Cas didn’t feel like he had any right to dispose of her things, so he’d kept most of them for now and decided he’d figure it out later when his life was a bit more settled.
Dean had no problem fitting his bathroom supplies in all the gaps left by Cas, and when he checked the hall closet it was the same, so he had plenty of space for his small stack of towels.
“Maybe …”
“I smelled the pot when I came in. Is that a regular thing?”
Dean reassured her, “No, not at all! You’ll fit in here just fine. It’s just, if there was a Fairlane this beautiful in Lawrence for long I’d definitely have known about it. I’m a mechanic, and my speciality is classic cars.”
The man laughed, “Yep, I can help you out with that. You need a repair or a replacement?”
“I’m thinking about some possibilities,” said Castiel, turning back to hang up his apron and grabbing a black leather jacket from the hook next to it.
They worked quietly together while Cas sorted and Dean put books into alphabetical order by author. He was pleasantly surprised to find some Vonnegut – his favorite author – in the stacks, along with Tolkien, King, Bantoch and others he’d read as well. Perhaps the two men had more in common than Dean thought.
Cas’ pupils blew wide and he took a deep breath, “And, you did?”
He was pleasantly surprised to see Dean at the door and opened it with a smile. “Hi Dean.”
His eyes were glassy when he looked over to Cas after the song died out, and Cas put his bong down and wrapped Dean tight in his arms. It felt good, and Dean was a little disappointed when his ringing phone interrupted them.
“So, bathroom and your bedroom are over here.” Cas led the way back out of the room and down the hall. He cocked a thumb toward the bathroom. “Just the one, but plenty of space for you in the cabinet and the hall closet.”
“Let’s do that again sometime,” said Dean.
“I can cook some basics. Maybe we can trade off cooking meals and cleaning the kitchen?”
“Well, Cas. Seems like you’ve moved up from roommate to Dean’s plus one?”
By the end of the day Castiel had edited and written another 500 words, as well as successfully installing a tile tub surround. Over the next two days he finished off the article and installed the new tile floor in his bathroom and replaced the toilet. He had memorized Dean’s instructions - along with those strong hands and broad shoulders – and he had also convinced himself he needed to visit his favorite hardware store again soon.
Cas turned to see a striking woman with long dark hair and dark eyes.
“Touch me Cas …”
Dean hauled all the boxes and his bookshelf down to the truck. On his last trip he pulled the apartment and mail box key off his ring, and tossed both onto the centre of the kitchen table. He took one quick glance around for anything he’d missed. A picture of Carmen and Dean sat on the edge of the tv stand. He stared at it for a moment, and left.
Oscar’s baby shower was planned for his 2-week birthday. Eileen had balked at the idea of celebrating before the birth, and told Sam that if they were going to have a shower for the baby it would be after both her and Oscar were home and healthy. Although she was practical and down to earth most times, it turned out that she had some strongly held superstitions that kept her from tempting fate.
The first major DIY projects would have to be in the bathroom and kitchen. Castiel had ordered new kitchen appliances to be delivered, and would be stripping and staining the old cabinets. He planned to do the same with the bathroom cabinets, and to retile around the existing durable steel tub, but knew he’d have to replace the old toilet.
“Well then, Castiel, let’s get this sorted out so you can take that baby home.”
“Marketing, mostly.” Cas shrugged, “It’s easier to sell my books when they can pigeonhole the writing.” Cas hesitated, and then carried on, “And I write LGBTQ romance, so the publishers don’t want to confuse the homophobes that like my fantasy novels.”
“This is way too perfect, Cas.” Dean leaned in conspiratorially, “You’re going to have to show me where you keep the bodies of your old roommates later, because this is too good to be true.”
Eileen laughed, “Well I wouldn’t call it fun, but I’m sure he’ll have lots of fun while catering to my every need for the next month or so.”
Cas started to move and the two of them found a rhythm quickly. Cas was thrusting smoothly to meet Dean’s hips while Dean pushed against the headboard and pulled him inside with his heels against Cas’ ass. It didn’t take long for their movements to become more erratic. Cas reached up with one hand, lacing it through Dean’s on the headboard and pounding into him.
“I don’t think so …”
Cas ripped tape off boxes and started putting clothes away in the closet. The changing table was already in place, so he unpacked all the wipes, powder, diaper rash cream, and a full box of diapers onto the empty shelves. By the time he was done with that task, he turned to see Dean screwing in the last side of the crib and adjusting the latch, then he lifted the mattress and dropped it in place, “All done. Do you have the bedding unpacked?”
“Roommates.”
While he waited in the express lane to pay, Dean caught a whiff of fresh flowers. He actually loved flowers, except for those horrible stargazer lilies that made him nauseous. The bunches of gerbera daisies on the display near him were perfect – colorful, fresh and naturally fragrant, but not overpowering. He wondered idly if Cas liked flowers, and if he would like daisies or roses better.
Cas went back to checking his emails on his phone and Dean tried to concentrate on the road while he grinned from ear to ear.
Dean could tell Cas was upset, so he stayed quiet while he finished with the pad. Cas reached in to fit the bottom sheet, a swath of plain blue, to the mattress. He straightened and sighed.
“I know we haven’t been together long, but I can picture that with you Cas.”
Cas finally pulled back, “Come on, time for a shower and for God’s sake brush your teeth.” He yanked Dean upright and steadied him on his feet. “We’re meeting Charlie and Gilda for brunch in an hour, remember?”
The lower level was even more open plan, with a large “L” shaped living area and another bedroom and bathroom for guests. Every time Dean walked down the stairs into that space he pictured the pool table he’d buy eventually and the gaming area he hoped to set up. Right now, all it held a decent second-hand sectional and a large TV on a storage chest in the smaller part of the L, and a battered desk with his old desktop computer near the patio doors at the far end.
“Brady approached me today.” Cas weighed his words carefully. “He offered me something and I thought you should know.”
“Would you mind helping me with these boxes of books? Most of them are already downstairs, but I see I missed a few when the movers were still here.” Cas gestured to a stack.
“Aww, come on Cas. Don’t you want to give it a try?” Dean leered at him as he wrapped a hand behind Cas’ head and pulled him in for a deep kiss.
Finally, Cas broke the silence. “How much stuff do you have?”
They picked out a black and grey raccoon teether with a long tail like a handle, and a teal blue one in the shape of a fat cactus with rounded nubs. “Do you think they make these in the same factories as dog chew toys?” asked Cas, holding up a teether made of rainbow loops around a solid core. Dean raised an eyebrow at him, “Did you just compare Oscar to a dog?” “No, I’m just wondering if these would be interchangeable for dogs and babies.” Dean continued to stare at him. “Never mind,” said Cas, tossing the rainbow teether back into a bin.
“Yes, a bit. Mostly if I’m stoned. You’re welcome to try it out if you want.”
“You want to let me teach you how to play pool?”
Missouri had already picked Jack up and was bouncing him while he calmed down. She gave Dean a quick scan and said with a friendly smile, “You must be the friendly neighbour.”
Garth and Ash already had a table when Dean, Sam and Cas arrived, and Brady came in right behind them. The friends exchanged hugs and Dean made introductions.
“As you wish,” Charlie said. She nodded towards the driveway before pulling away from the curb, “Are you the vintage pickup or the Impala?”
Dean waved him off, “Not your problem and you don’t have to apologize.” He smirked at Sam, “But I will kick his ass if he does it again.”
Mary was still frustrated, “Well then, you try to find someone who is! You’ve never been serious about a man before, and a man can’t give you children.”
Dean took him up on the offer a couple of times, just enough to get a pleasant buzz while they listened.
“Cas, as far as I’m concerned you always look put together, but this looks good too.” Dean hugged Cas from behind and hooked his chin over Cas’ shoulder while their gazes met in the mirror. “I’m happy with whatever you want to wear, so long as I get to take it off later.” Dean nipped at Cas’ neck and slipped two fingers under his waistband.
“This a cool pattern,” said Dean, grabbing the bumper pad and tying it into place on the rails.
“So, who am I sending this to?” The man picked up his phone and looked at Castiel.
Cas stared straight into Sam’s eyes and said firmly, “Don’t worry Sam. Your brother is safe with me.”
It took a long time for the two of them to catch their breath and come down from their natural high. Cas finally rolled off Dean and took care of the condom. He grabbed his t-shirt, discarded at the end of the bed and quickly wiped the worst of the mess off Dean. They settled into an embrace together in the centre of the bed.
Cas chuckled at Dean’s enthusiasm. “Come on in Dean, can I get you anything? I just finished eating, but I’ve got plenty more if you haven’t eaten yet. Or something to drink, maybe?”
By 8:00 a.m. Cas’ kitchen was orderly and he was on his way downstairs to put some boxes in storage when the doorbell rang. Dropping the boxes on the landing, he turned to see Missouri’s wide smile and friendly wave. He quickly unlocked the door and let her in, reaching for Jack before she even crossed the threshold. Jack giggled while Cas hugged him tight and nuzzled at the soft curls on the top of his head. “Did you have a good night?” he asked Missouri, opening the closet door and handing her a hanger for her coat one-handed while he cradled Jack.
“Thing is, he’s not as strong as he looks but he’ll bend over backwards to avoid showing you when he’s hurting. He’ll do anything you ask, and he won’t ever tell you what he needs.” Sam gave Cas a meaningful look. “He has a bad habit of choosing people because they like him, not the other way around. People who want something from him, but don’t give him anything.”
“Replacement, I think. Mine is over 30 years old and not very efficient, plus it looks like it’s been leaking.”
Cas maneuvered them down so that he was stretched out on the couch with Dean straddling his legs. Dean sat up and started unbuttoning his plaid shirt. Cas got to work on his belt.
“Some cola or iced tea would be nice, if you have it.” Dean followed Cas back up to the kitchen and made a beeline for Jack. “Hey handsome, how was your day?” He tapped the toys dangling in front of the bouncy chair and Jack giggled.
“Is that a ‘no’?”
The doorbell rang again, and Cas looked confused. Missouri waved him off and he headed down the stairs to answer the door.
Cas cleared his throat behind them as he placed the glasses on the table.
Cas saw the hurt and worry in Dean’s eyes, just about to spill over. He grabbed Dean’s hand and put his fears to rest. “No, Dean. I didn’t. I’ve never wanted to try that.” Dean looked skeptical and Cas knew he had to explain.
Cas smiled, “Nope, I’m sticking around for a while.” He stroked Dean’s cheek fondly and changed the subject, “I noticed Brady hasn’t been around for a while.”
Cas smiled and squeezed Dean’s hand. “I’m glad we cleared that up,” but he was frowning. “I am worried about Sam. He spends a lot of time around Brady and I didn’t think he was into that stuff either.”
Cas flushed and smiled, but also batted Dean’s hands away. “Behave. We need to be presentable for family.” Dean pouted and Cas relented, turning in his arms and pulling him into a deep kiss. When they finally parted, he spoke softly in Dean’s ear, “Later, lover boy.”
Dean woke up hours later with Cas spooning him from behind. It should have been awkward, but somehow, in his half-awake state, Dean snuggled in tighter and pulled Cas’ hand from where it rested on his hip, bringing it to his chest to hold it. Cas mumbled in his sleep, and dropped his chin so that his lips brushed the back of Dean’s neck. They both fell back into a deep sleep.
Dean laughed, “Of course. And this is Brady. He went to college with Sam.”
The coffee was freshly ground and perfectly rich. The pie was still warm from the oven, with a buttery crust and spiced apple filling. Dean ate slowly, savoring every small bite of pie and perfect sip of coffee while he snuck glances at the man behind the counter. Castiel moved confidently between the open kitchen and the counter, occasionally serving a customer in between rolling out dough and sprinkling it with cinnamon sugar and butter. Dean watched his long, slender fingers as they perfectly formed a long roll out of the dough, cut it into individual buns and nestled them together in a pan ready for the oven.
Brady gave Cas a calculating look, dropping his eyes to take in the whole combination of very worn jeans, canvas shoes, multiple bracelets, and a vintage Led Zeppelin tee. Cas looked straight into his eyes and extended his hand with a smile that was more “challenge” than friendly. He wasn’t about to be judged by a frat boy.
“Your Mom doesn’t like me, does she Dean?”
“Yes,” Cas looked straight in Sam’s eyes, daring him to challenge him.
“Oh really! Well, I guess I know who I’ll be seeing when Dot needs her tune ups.”  They were just pulling up to the hospital entrance and Charlie slowed to park in a loading zone.
“You can?” Cas’ eyes widened.
“Hello Dean,” Mary greeted him with a warm hug, then briefly looked over at Cas, “Hello Cas.” She turned back to Dean. “Sam is out back grilling burgers and Eileen is upstairs with Oscar. She should be down in a little while.” She kept speaking only to Dean, pointing out some family friends across the room. Cas tapped Dean’s shoulder and quietly excused himself, “I’m just going to see if Sam can use some help,” he said, cocking his thumb toward the back door. Dean nodded distractedly, but gave his hand a squeeze before he left.
“Well, I can actually recommend a helpful YouTube channel for this kind of thing, if you’d like?”
Cas side eyed Dean fondly, “What’s so funny?”
Dean laughed loudly, “Cas, I think you’re the only person under 40 who I’ve ever heard using the term ‘rumpus room’!”
When the waitress came to clear their plates, Dean ordered a round of whisky shots and proposed a toast. “To Sam. May he have a healthy baby who sleeps through the night!” The guys all laughed and cheered.
Cas looked a bit surprised but kept quiet and waited for Dean to continue.
Cas hardly noticed her leaving. He stared at the baby as if he’d never seen anything so beautiful. As he watched the baby feed and rocked him gently, Cas remembered one of his last conversations with Kelly. “Jack,” he said, smiling down at his best friend’s son.
Dean reddened and rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly shy, “Yeah, well. I’m a mechanical engineer, so putting things together and making them work kind of comes naturally to me. And, I used to take care of my baby brother a lot.”
“Well, that sounds promising. I’ll try them both. Thanks Cas.”
Cas gave Sam’s shoulder a squeeze and a half hug, “We wouldn’t have missed it! How’s it going, ‘Dad’?”
Dean and Cas rushed through a shared shower and dressed for a family visit.  Dean barely remembered to grab the gift bag that had been sitting on his dresser for the last week. They didn’t know if Sam and Eileen were having a boy or a girl, but Dean had planned ahead.
“What kind of celebrating are we talking about here? Strippers and shots?”
“You’re a teacher too?” Dean’s jaw dropped in wonder.
Sam still had questions. “So, how do you know Dean?”
While he’s no longer on lockdown, Castiel has still been limiting face to face interaction with friends and family as much as possible. Instead of going out, he’s been concentrating on renovating his 80’s era home. When he moved in, the whole thing was full of dated builder grade fixtures, pinky beige paint, stained beige carpet and dated wallpaper “feature” walls. Nothing had been changed, for better or for worse, for over 30 years. The lockdown was a great time to tear everything out, and within the first few weeks Castiel had the house stripped of wallpaper, old carpet and underlay, and popcorn ceilings. Once he had a blank slate he listed out the repairs and upgrades he wanted to make, and made a wish list of supplies. His first trip out for anything besides groceries was a locally owned hardware store.
“Nope, just moved here 3 months ago to work with a friend who’s launching a new start up.” She paused, glancing back at Dean and Cas, “why, do I seem like I don’t fit in?”
Castiel was a writer and had quickly adapted to working from home during the lockdown. He had contracts with several scientific research facilities at the local University, and often took on extra work for online publications. All he really needed was a place to sit with his computer and good WIFI. His interviews with researchers were all conducted by video conference now, and he had capitalized on his existing relationship with medical specialists to help meet a new demand for general interest in vaccine development and immunology.
“Sure Cas, let’s try that.” Dean kept unpacking while Cas flipped through his albums.
Before they knew it, Jack had fallen asleep in Dean’s arms and Cas watched while Dean gently laid him back in the playpen and tucked a blanket around him.
Dean sat up enough to turn and look at Cas. “I think we’ve already established my Mom has bad taste in men. Her opinion about you isn’t important to me.”
Dean chuckled and shook his head in wonder. “Wow, Cas, you’re a riddle inside a conundrum. But I think you’re growing on me.” He topped up their scotch and then lifted his glass towards Cas. Cas met him halfway. They tapped the glasses together and smiled, then continued to sip their drinks in comfortable silence.
“Hey, Cas! Glad to see you guys made it.”
Brady got up to head to the rest room and Sam leaned over to talk to Dean, “Sorry about Brady.”
The doctor watched Cas as he processed the information. Cas was stoic, his mouth tight as he looked back up at the doctor with almost no expression. “Thank you for telling me. Can I see her?”
“What are you doing,” Cas asked.
Cool, Cas.” Dean was still not fully awake and not catching on.
“Actually, we’ve met,” said Cas, exchanging handshakes with Ash and then miming smoking a joint to Dean.
“Of course you do,” Cas rolled his eyes and reached for his bong. “Keep listening.”
Cas thought for a minute. “I play the piano. I can do a mean version of Rachmaninoff’s Concerto No. 3.” He looked down at Dean, who was half leaning on the arm of his chair. “What don’t I know about you”
(See the end of the chapter for
He kicked his boots off at the door and headed up the split staircase to the open plan kitchen and living area. Half of the top floor was wide open, and Dean’s distinct lack of furniture was obvious with the echo of every small noise. All he had to break up the space was a table and chairs at the end of the kitchen, and an open area beyond that which was meant to be a lounge. There were two bedrooms on this floor as well – the master suite with a brand-new bed frame and memory foam mattress, and a second smaller bedroom which he hoped to outfit as a home office.
The day had started with a rush of excitement when Kelly called and told him she was in labour. He had helped her prepare for months - going with her to all the classes, putting together the crib and helping her with her birth plan. Kelly had asked him to be with her in the delivery room and they were both a little scared but excited when he joined her at the hospital. The first few hours were slow. Kelly paced when she could to move the labour along, leaning on Cas when each contraction hit. Cas played a steady stream of TikTok videos to keep her laughing and distracted. A tarot card reader with machine gun delivery and a catchy, though profane, tagline helped her get energized. Animal videos, particularly howling huskies or half wild serval cats kept as pets, were Cas’ favorites.
“You’re a good brother, Dean. Thanks for telling me about your Dad.” Cas pulled Dean back into the corner of the couch and they stretched out together, Dean laying half on top of Cas while Cas stroked his hair.
“You too, Mary.” Cas put on his best smile, turned on his heel and headed back to Dean.
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and sighed again. “My dad had a drug problem. He overdosed when I was 4. Mom was at work and I tried to get help but I was too late.” Cas moved closer and pulled Dean into his arms. They hugged tightly while Dean calmed himself.
“Yes, I’ll take you to her right away.”
“I’m just going to take him up to the nursery to get settled in,” the nurse said, but she didn’t look up at Cas and hurried away down the hall.
His spare boots were still by the door. His cell charger was still plugged in at the end of the couch. His books were still mixed in with hers on the book shelf. Dean sighed and dropped his head for a moment, then grabbed a small box and headed over that direction first.
When his cup was empty once again, Dean considered his options. Finally, he decided on a course of action and took the cup with him to the counter. Dean smiled at Castiel when he turned to him, but the words he had planned froze on the tip of his tongue.
Dean followed Cas up the short staircase to the kitchen. He pulled out one of the chairs and started digging into the bag while Cas found a roll of paper towel to put under their food. “Cola or root beer?”
Sam and Eileen’s house was packed and the living room was already stacked with gifts. Cas and Dean added their ribbon topped laundry basket to the stacks. They wandered through the crowds to the kitchen, Dean waving at a few people on the way, and found Mary refreshing pitchers of strawberry lemonade.
“You are the most giving person I’ve ever known. You sacrifice so much of yourself for others. I fell in love with you far too fast, and I tried to make myself take it slow. But your love is so open and unconditional I never had a chance.”
The kitchen was next, where he packed his air fryer (a Christmas gift from Sam that was surprisingly useful), his kitchen tools, pots, and pans that had survived Carmen’s last cull of whatever hadn’t met her “standards”.
Cas opened the bottle of lube and coated two fingers on his right hand while he circled the base of Dean’s cock with his left and held it firm. He slid his lips over the tip and started to roll his tongue around the head inside his mouth. While Dean was moaning through the new sensation, Cas slid his right hand down to Dean’s hole and gently stroked in circles around the rim. Dean twitched below him and Cas breached him with the tip of one finger. Dean gasped while Cas sucked him deeper and slowly stroked him with one finger. Went he felt Dean relax Cas added a second finger. Within a few slow strokes Dean was lifting his knees and bracing his hands on the headboard, trying to thrust back onto Cas’ fingers.
“The Romantics?”
Dean grabbed a box and headed for the stairs, with Cas quickly grabbing another and following him. The first thing he saw in the large, open space was a row of 4 tall bookcases lined up against the longest wall and a large stack of boxes in front them. “Holy shit, Cas! Are you a librarian or something?”
Dean was buzzing with excitement on the way home, basking in his new role as “Uncle Dean”. He chattered incessantly about how perfect baby Oscar was and how lucky Sam and Eileen were to have a healthy and beautiful baby boy. The minute they got home he pulled out the whisky and poured them both a celebratory drink.
The tub shelf held a bottle of 2-in-1 shampoo & conditioner, a bar of soap and a natural loofah sponge. Dean also noticed the tub had been recently cleaned and appreciate that there were no long dark hairs snaking down the drain.
“Okay, I think it’s time to go home Dean.” He slipped his arm under Dean’s elbow, helping him up and supporting him as they walked to the door. In the parking lot he asked for the keys, and when Dean hesitated he searched pockets until he found them. Dean was laughing at him as if it tickled and Cas struggled to get him in the passenger seat and strapped in. Once he settled into the driver’s seat Dean reached over and started stroking his upper thigh with the lightest touch while Cas drove them home.
Kelly had made sure everything was in place to protect her son, even before he was born. Her years of experience as a paralegal in family law taught her to take nothing for granted, especially since the baby’s father would never be a welcome presence in the boy’s life. Months ago, she had asked Cas to be the baby’s Godfather and, more importantly, a guardian and beneficiary should anything happen to her. Cas thought everything was in order, but he needed Michael on side and available in case the hospital or social worker objected.
Cas laughed at Dean’s joke, “No, actually I’m a writer. Former professor, as well, but I don’t do much of that anymore.”
For months now, Castiel hasn’t ventured outside his home without the obligatory face mask. It’s not a political statement, just a simple measure he takes to show he’s doing his part to help block the spread and flatten the curve. He’s received his fair share of rolled eyes and dirty looks from people who think he’s wrong, but he doesn’t care. In the meantime, he’s collected a dozen masks that he wears on rotation, as well as a supply of disposable masks that he can loan out or use in a pinch when his are in the laundry. His favorite is a black one covered with constellation diagrams, but he also has a rainbow mask that he pulls out for special occasions.
“Cool, man.” Dean’s eyes drifted over to the industrial style tv stand. There was a 50-inch tv, cable box and Xbox on the shelf below. What really caught his attention was the stand next to that, topped by a record player and two shelves of records below. He stepped over to it and started thumbing through the albums. Dark Side of the Moon, Rumours, Purple Rain, London Calling, Led Zeppelin IV …. This was promising.
Cas tried a different tack. “Oscar is adorable. Sam and Eileen must be so happy.”
Dean was still confused.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “I’m going to need a longer story. Dean, you’ve been nothing but good to her.”
“Practice?” said Cas, completely aroused and also slightly confused.
Dean dropped the frown, and gave Cas a cocky grin. “I’ll have you know that I don’t need to compensate for anything, and Baby is a lady! You’ve been nowhere near intimate with her yet.” He paused for a moment and then said, “Truth be told, this was my Dad’s car.”
Cas had been quiet the whole time Dean was unpacking, so Dean was surprised to find him in the living room. The bong on the table had clearly been used in the last few minutes. Cas was sitting on the inside corner piece of the big sectional, his feet pulled up and crossed in front of him, his hands resting lightly on his knees, and his eyes closed.
Cas lifted his mouth from Dean’s cock, dark red and swollen full, but kept his hand at the base. He grinned up at Dean, his lips wet and dark pink. Dean’s mouth hung open, his pupils blown wide with the narrowest rim of vivid green and focused entirely on the man below him. Cas added a third finger and Dean squeezed his eyes shut, bit his lip and growled. Cas scissored his fingers and gently pressed one against Dean’s prostate. Dean flailed with one arm until he found what he was looking for. He slapped his hand down on his thigh with the condom for Cas.
“Me too,” said Dean. He looked up and was suddenly nervous at the serious look in Cas’ eyes. “You go first.”
“Looks like a lot of stuff to unpack,” Dean glanced around at the many boxes and all the small pieces of furniture still unplaced. He noticed the play pen still folded up and leaning against the end of a chair. “You have a baby?”
Cas was relieved to see the boy safe and sound in the nursery. Missouri asked another nurse to help him with the formula and left him to it.
Dean frowned slightly, “I don’t really like cats, Cas.” Gabe squinted his eyes and blinked sleepily at Dean.
“Everyone, this is Cas, my new roommate.” He gestured to a tall gangly man to Cas’ left, “This is Garth, Bobby’s neighbour, and we’ve been friends for years.” Then he whispered, “He’s a hugger”, half a second before Garth wrapped Cas in a bear hug. “Pleased to meet you!”
At exactly 9:00 a.m. he walked back into the hospital and up to the nursery. Security was tight, but fortunately one of the nurses was just coming off her overnight shift and recognized him when he stepped off the elevator.
Finally, Cas could barely keep his eyes open, so Dean said goodnight and headed out with Cas’ promise that he’d get some sleep.
While he waited for Cas to sort the last box he wandered over to the stack by the wall and checked out some of the cover art and summaries. The cover on a fantasy hardback was intriguing with a castle reminiscent of Russian cathedrals and ‘onion’ domes, but the one he was really interested in had a man in a chambray shirt on the cover, the sleeves rolled up to show off tattoos as he was reaching up with one hand to cradle another man’s jaw. The back cover was also interesting, describing a gay man returning to the closet when he’s forced to move back to his conservative home town to care for his ailing mother. He was so engrossed in his reading he didn’t notice Cas step up behind him.
Dean quickly recovered and grinned up at Castiel, “Please, take a seat.”
The front desk directed Dean and Cas to the fifth floor, and they kissed giddily most of the way up in the elevator. The doors opened and they spilled out into the hallway, grinning and holding each other’s hands as they looked for the room number they’d been given. They quieted when they found the door and heard Sam’s voice through the half-closed door.
“I’m glad you like it,” Cas said, grinning, as he jerked the drawer open on the nightstand and tossed a small bottle of lube and a condom onto the comforter. He crawled up onto the bed and hovered over Dean on his hands and knees. He kissed and nuzzled at Dean’s lips. “How do you want to do this?”
“I have to head to work, but I’ll see you after supper Cas.” Dean awkwardly waved at Missouri and Cas, and Cas showed him out. “Thanks Dean, see you later.”
“It was a great day, though.” Cas turned his head to look up at Dean. “Everyone made me feel like part of the family.”
Cas laughed and followed Dean up. He was in deep already. He would follow Dean anywhere.
Sam came to the door and opened it fully, “Yes, Dean it’s safe,” he rolled his eyes, “You missed all the fun stuff.”
“Good. I smoke pot most nights and drink good whisky occasionally. Do you bring people home from bars.”
“Roommates?”
Finally, while Jack slept on, Cas managed to pull up his latest work on his laptop. He hadn’t been able to write for long stretches over the last few months, but he’d adjusted to writing a few paragraphs at a time, jotting down pieces of plot line to fill in, or dialogue that he’d write around later. It reminded him of the days when he was still teaching full time and writing in the evenings. He knew he could get a couple of hours straight after Jack settled for the night if he was disciplined, but he was always careful to get an early night himself and prepare for the inevitable middle of the night feedings and diaper changes.
“Okay, fine Cassie. What are you going to do with your day off?”
“I’ll text you my new address. Come on over!”
Dean and Cas came around the other side of the bed and Dean touched Eileen’s shoulder slightly to get her attention. She looked up and smiled widely at the both, “Dean, Cas, thanks so much for coming.”
“Hi, Castiel, glad to meet you. I’m Pamela Barnes.” She waved him toward the chair in front of her desk and they both sat down. “I’m very sorry about your loss.”
“I saw her at Lorenzo’s last week with another guy …”
Cas avoided her eyes as he brought her coffee over and placed it on the chest in front of her. “I think I have some cookies somewhere, if you’d like.”
“You didn’t take anything, did you?”
“Yes, Gabriel, I know, but you’ve been taking a lot and now it’s time to make up for it with some giving.” Castiel grinned at Gabriel. “You’re taking the early shift tomorrow. No excuses.”
“Interesting,” said Cas, “I know people who have shelves full of books they haven’t read, but that makes about as much sense as collecting music you never listen to.”
“Replacement it is. If you follow me 2 aisles that way I can walk you through what you need.”
The next morning Castiel took extra care dressing in the jeans that hugged his butt just right and a cobalt blue sweater that the saleslady had told him made his blue eyes “luminous”. He finished it with his weathered black boots and leather jacket, then tucked his rainbow mask in his pocket.
“I know how to play, Dean.”
“But I’m right, aren’t I. She doesn’t like me.”
“Enjoy, and let me know if you need anything else.” The wide smile made a repeat appearance when Dean looked up, and he spontaneously blurted out “I’m Dean.”
Their movements became more fumbling and frantic. Dean pulled Cas’s hand down to his lap until their hands together cupped Dean’s hardness. Cas gripped Dean tightly through his soft worn jeans and let out of desperate groan as his hips stuttered forward into Dean’s ass. They rocked frantically against each other as Cas’ hand gripped and stroked against Dean. Within minutes their movements reached a crescendo and their bodies both went rigid. Their combined panting breaths were the only noise in the room for several minutes.
The final hour was hard on Kelly, as she’d chosen to “keep it natural” – a choice she seemed to regret at more than one point – and she stubbornly stuck to her guns, Ultimately, she did everything she needed to do, with Cas at her side rubbing her shoulders, offering her ice chips and reminding her to breathe. Finally, the doctor was handing her a healthy newborn boy while Cas hugged her gently and they cried happy tears together.
“Sam, I don’t want to take advantage of Dean. I just hoped to give him a soft place to land.” Cas paused for a moment. “I admit, I don’t know much about him, but he seems like a good person who needed a break.”
Cas woke automatically at 6:00 a.m., just in time for Jack’s bottle, and fumbled his way into the new kitchen before he remembered that Jack wasn’t here yet. He was tempted to drop into bed again, but decided that he’d rather get a few more things done before Missouri brought his son back.
“Yeah, I know. Sam literally threw him out of the house and told him to lose the number.”
“Anything you want Dean.”
“Loosely based on Russian culture, but actually a fictional world.” Cas answered, tilting his head thoughtfully, “Maybe how I imagined Russia could have been but never was, if that makes sense, with a little dash of the supernatural as well.”
He stalled for time by packing the bathroom next, even though his basic toiletries and a few old towels were paltry compared to the sheer volume of Carmen’s cosmetics and skin care regimens that cluttered every surface.
Cas relaxed back into the corner of the couch with his bong, offering Dean a hit once he got it warmed up.
Castiel was dumbfounded for a moment. The man was, without a doubt, the most attractive person he had seen in months, even if he couldn’t see the bottom half of his face. His eyes were a soft green colour, surrounded by tiny laugh lines that indicated a smile under the mask. He had broad, strong shoulders and arms. His bare forearms were decorated with several small tattoos – a small dagger on the inside of one wrist, some text Castiel couldn’t quite read on the inside of the other, and the bottom of a vine snaking under the edge of one sleeve. The man’s sandy brown hair was a little too long, likely a holdover from the lockdown, but what Castiel couldn’t stop looking at were those eyes.
Dean knelt on the floor and started sorting out the pieces, then disassembling the ones that Cas had already screwed together, “I got this, Cas, why don’t you start unpacking the rest of the room.”
“It would be my pleasure,” Dean said, digging for his wallet. He pulled out a $20 and a business card from Bobby’s, handing both over the seat as Charlie turned.
Castiel realized that he would have to watch the video again to actually learn anything about tile, but in the meantime, he just sipped his coffee and enjoyed listening to and watching this beautiful man. Dean’s hands were strong and firm as he demonstrated how to measure and snap chalk lines to mark tile placement, to mix and perfectly spread the mortar, lay the tiles with spacers, and then finish with grout. He had to watch the video twice more to absorb all the information, but Castiel ultimately felt like he could do a good job with Dean’s help.
Cas raised an eyebrow in question.
Once Cas had resettled Gabe on his bed, he came back to the hallway to find Dean still a little shell-shocked. He laughed lightly, and headed down the hallway towards the back door while he tossed over his shoulder, “I have a good spot in the living room for your book shelf. I’ll grab it out of the truck and you can settle in.”
He kept waiting for someone to come out and get him, but people kept running in and out of the room and nobody would say anything. Cas crouched against the wall across from Kelly’s room and prayed.
“You’re not from around here, are you Charlie?” asked Dean.
“She just said you didn’t live there anymore and she didn’t know where you were.” Sam threw his hands up. “I mean, I know it wasn’t exactly true love …”
“His nose was a little crooked, but I guess that’s just from the tight squeeze, right?” Dean laughed, “And he’s definitely got the Winchester lips! Drives the girls crazy.” He smirked at Cas and wiggled his eyebrows, “And the guys, right Cas!” Cas rolled his eyes, but the corners of his mouth turned up a little.
The rest of the afternoon seemed to pass in slow motion for Dean and Cas. They gravitated to each other naturally, but each stayed quiet about their conversations with Mary and Brady. Managing to successfully avoid too much conversation and any other confrontations, they quietly sipped lemonade, choked down a polite amount of food, and affectionately greeted Sam, Eileen and Oscar. Then they faded into the background and stayed only long enough so their departure wouldn’t be noted.
Dean turned the still warm cup in his hands as he glanced out the steamy window. It was a cold fall day, but it was warm inside, even more so with the heat coming from the bakery ovens. The entire shop was scented with layers of cinnamon, sweet fruit, vanilla and chocolate. Dean had plenty of time to take in the warm and cozy atmosphere of the coffee shop while he nursed his third cup of coffee.
“And the baby?”
Cas gave Sam a friendly smile and stuck out his hand, “Welcome to our home, Sam. Would you like to sit and join us for a drink?”
“No, just checking to see if you were paying attention,” Cas grinned back.
In the evenings they cooked and ate together. Dean used the barbecue a lot, particularly for his homemade burgers. Cas concentrated on the sides, finding ways to balance out their meals with vegetables that Dean pretended to hate. Most of their evenings were spent in each others’ company, talking, reading, binging Netflix, listening to Cas’ music collection, or playing games. Dean wasn’t in the mood to go out much, especially since the friends he made through Carmen had disappeared, and Cas was just a natural homebody.
Cas took a deep pull from the bong, holding the smoke in just long enough to feel the buzz fast. He didn’t like self medicating with pot, but tonight was a bit of an exception, not something he was going to make a habit. He needed some self care and comfort right now.
Eventually a nurse wheeled out the baby boy in his bassinet.
“So, Dean, you seem to be in no rush to leave, and if I’m not wrong you’ve been checking me out.” Castiel raised an eyebrow at Dean and smiled. “Am I wrong?”
Dean arrived just as Cas was washing up and Jack was rocking and cooing happily in his bouncy chair on the floor. Cas answered the door with a towel slung over his shoulder and messy hair. Dean flashed a wide grin and held up a Home Depot bag. “I have brackets, screws and anchors. Let me at those bookcases!”
“I was a camp counsellor when I was a teenager. It was an inclusive camp, so there were always a couple of kids who were hard of hearing.” Cas shrugged, like it wasn’t a big deal.
“Well, not for a while, but I don’t want to rule it out now that I’m single again.”
“I’ve heard it can be bad. What does your doctor say?”
“Well, Sam did insist on some fruit and veggies, but I’m pretty sure he’ll have leftovers of those.”
“I could sell you one, but the cheap ones aren’t good and you probably won’t use it much after this.” Dean looked thoughtful. “Or, I could loan you one.”
Comments are soul food - please tell me what you think :)
“Don’t worry, I’ve settled him back in his bassinet. He drank almost a full bottle and then you both fell fast asleep.” Missouri smiled down at Cas and handed him a bottle of water. “Whenever you’re ready I can take you to talk to our social worker.”
Then Cas turned his attention to Dean and Eileen. Dean was resting one finger on Oscar’s tiny fist and watching his face intently as he squirmed and blinked against the light. Cas tapped the back of Eileen’s hand where she was cradling the baby and she looked up at him with a smile. Cas signed to her, “He’s so beautiful Eileen, congratulations.”
“Well, not easily, right now.” The man frowned slightly, then smiled again, “Unless you wouldn’t mind me emailing it to you?”
Dean laughed and threw his head back. “Tylenol, showers and then food,” he stood up and grasped Cas’ hand to pull him up. “Let’s get up and figure this out Cas.”
Brady moved uncomfortably close to Cas. “Baby showers don’t really seem like your scene. If you’d like to spice it up a bit, I have something I can share.” Brady pulled a tiny baggie of pills from his pocket and shook it in front of Cas.
That drew Mary’s attention and she looked up at the boys, “So, this is the Cas I’ve been hearing so much about.” She extended one hand over the bed and Cas reached out to shake it firmly.
“Absolutely. Maybe you could fuck me next time?”
“Yeah, I don’t have one of those. I assume you sell them here,” Castiel said.
When there were only dregs left in the bottle Dean was slurring his words and leaning half out of his chair against the wall. Sam gave Cas a look and the two of them silently agreed, then Sam lifted Dean to lean against his shoulder while Cas moved the chair out of the way and led the brothers to Dean’s room. Cas lifted the covers so that Sam could gently settle Dean on his side, and then came back a moment later with a couple more pillows that he tucked behind Dean’s back to keep him from rolling over. Cas and Sam headed back to the kitchen.
Dean’s cheeks reddened and he dropped his gaze for a moment, but he soon raised his eyes to Castiel with a shy smile. “No, you’re not wrong. Guess I’m not too smooth.”
“I was actually thinking of setting up my office area over by the patio doors, so maybe down there a bit?” Cas wondered. “This larger area could be like a rumpus room and play area for Jack.”
“I get it Cas.” Dean met Cas’ gaze. “You help me relax and slow things down too.”
If you've made it this far, please leave me a comment! I'm enjoying writing this story, but I need to know how you feel too. Comments are my love language, good or bad!
“Both,” Dean winked at Cas and headed back up the stairs to grab another box.
Dean was surprised, and took his time answering. “Yeah, I have.” He looked down for a moment. “Carmen thought she might be pregnant last year. Turned out to be paranoia and a mild stomach flu.” He smiled, “But, at the time, I realized that I kind of wanted it. And now I think I really want to be a dad, but I’m glad she wasn’t the mom.” He reached out and touched Cas’ chin, cupping it lightly and turning his head so that they faced each other. “Cas, do you want to be a dad?”
“Of course, he was an absolute angel as always.” Missouri hung her coat and shooed Cas aside so she could head upstairs. “My oh my, you certainly got a lot done last night. Did you have some help?” Missouri looked back at Cas as he followed her up the small staircase to the kitchen.
Dean lifted a takeout bag with his other hand, “Have you had supper yet? I bought cheeseburgers, if you’re interested?”
“Oh, hell yeah!”
“What are you saying about me?” Dean addressed them both. Eileen just laughed and gave him a playful shove on his shoulder.
When he stopped in for a cup to go over three hours ago he had no intention of staying any longer. The shop was new to him, and the first thing he noticed was the amazing aroma of fresh-baked pie. He glanced over to the glass display case just in time to see someone slide a lattice-topped apple pie onto the top shelf. That was the first thing that convinced him to stay a little longer.
The man behind the counter had dark tousled hair and blue eyes. His eyes crinkled at the corners as he flashed a smile at Dean and dusted his hands on his apron. “What can I get for you?”
“Sounds great to me, Cas. All I had with Carmen was a balcony over a parking lot.”
Dean turned around completely and straddled Cas’ legs, then reached out to touch his face and stared straight into his eyes. “It’s not that my mom doesn’t like you. She just thinks she knows what’s best for me and she’s wrong. And it doesn’t matter if she likes you. I like you.”
“Nice guitar, you play?”
The man loaded up a small flat cart with the boxed toilet Castiel had picked out and followed him to the front.
He had a few very large volumes of photography and history that he lined across the bottom, and then worked his way up through some hard cover political thrillers and bios, right up to the soft cover classics and newer literature he loved – Vonnegut, Hemingway, Orwell, Atwood, Gaiman, King and Hill, among others.
Cas straightened and waved a hand in front of Dean to get his attention, “Your turn.”
“I understand you like men too, but if you want a family you’re going to have to get serious about a girl and stop playing around.”
Dean had to admit he was a little behind the game on the relationship front.  There had been too many years of one-night stands with girls his dad would’ve called “the kind you don’t take home to mom”. Not that he had a mom either, since the fire that took her life and transformed his dad into an angry drunk when Dean was 4. Recently, a good hard look at his own needs had finally led him to the conclusion that he wasn’t the ladies’ man his dad trained him to be. Or at least, not just a ladies’ man.
“Not really, unless you count cuddling with Gabe and playing Halo. Why do you ask?”
Cas noticed Mary’s scarf draped across the seat of the visitor’s chair. He quietly went over and scooped it up, leaving Dean and Eileen to talk while he tried to catch up with Mary and Sam. He was waiting for the elevator when he heard Sam’s voice coming from the lounge behind him.
Cas was busy rifling through the rest of the stack. He pulled out one of the hardcovers with the onion domes. “This is the first of my ‘Prince Ilya’ series, why don’t you try it as well?”
This move was the first step to really committing to his new role as Jack’s guardian. He couldn’t bring himself to call Jack his son yet, but he was absolutely going to raise him like his own. Jack would have his own room here instead of a corner of Cas’ bedroom, and he would have a huge play area downstairs when he got a bit older. Cas was determined to give Jack the most comfortable, loving home he could. It wouldn’t make up for his mother’s loss, but the child would want for nothing.
Cas went straight to his bedroom to change into his threadbare Pink Floyd t-shirt with the neckband and sleeves cut off and a pair of yoga pants. He met Dean on the couch, toasted to Oscar with a sip of whisky, and then went to work preparing his bong. Dean kept talking enough for both of them.
“His wife is pregnant, and their guest room is due to become a baby’s room in 6 weeks.”
Cas stopped in his unpacking to read the inside cover of a few of the books, and gave others a curious look or nod of approval as he handed them off to Dean. Feeling a bit uncomfortable, but not sure if Cas was judging him, Dean offered, “You’re welcome to read anything you like. If it’s on the shelf I’ve already read it. I keep my current books separate, and if I don’t like them after finishing then I give them away.”
“She’s really been making an effort, Dean.”
Once Dean caught his breath he continued, “Sam was a baby but he knows what happened. I’ve always kept an eye out for him and I knew Brady was trouble. I just didn’t know he was that kind of trouble.”
After a long pause Dean prompted him, “Of course they are. What are you thinking, Cas?”
Dean has just finished reading a rather tame but heated scene between the two men when Tom forgets his cell phone at security and Brad chases him down in the airport to return it. Dean can picture the flush on Brad’s face, panting slightly after chasing Tom, and he imagines the swell of Brad’s chest beneath a well fitted button down. Dean can almost feel Tom’s left hand twitching to reach up and touch Brad’s shoulder. He imagines Tom poking his tongue out to lick his lips as Brad steps a bit closer, and his crooked grin when he says “Thank you.”
When Castiel caught him looking, Dean covered by tapping the rim of his empty cup to indicate he wanted a refill on his coffee. Castiel nodded and wiped his hands, then quickly came over with the pot to fill up Dean’s cup. Dean couldn’t do much more than smile and nod while Castiel filled his cup, and Castiel had to return to the counter quickly when another customer entered the shop.
“He overdosed on pills when I was 6 months old and Dean was 4.” Sam lifted his eyes back to Cas and continued. “Mom had a hard time with two young kids and Dad left a lot of bad debt behind. She worked 2 and 3 jobs most of the time, and I was practically raised by Dean. Mom had a friend who took me in with her kids when I was too young to go to school, but Dean took care of me after that while mom worked nights. We dodged CPS a few times and mom had a few friends pitch in when things got dicey. Thing is, the only constant in my whole life has been Dean and he has always put me first. Even now, mom is there for me but Dean is the one I count on first.”
“Long story short Sammy, Carmen had enough and moved on to greener pastures.”
“I know what will happen with his care. He’s coming home with me.”
By 7:00 p.m. he was at loose ends again and thinking about Cas. Determined to give Cas some time to himself he looked around for something else to fill his time. His eyes fell on the books at the end of his coffee table. He picked up the hard cover first and gave it a once over, but quickly put it back down in favour of the one with the tattooed man on the cover. He grabbed a beer out of the fridge, kicked back on the couch and started reading.
“Can you keep an eye on this? I’m just going to run this inside and check on Eileen and Oscar.”
“Is everything okay?” Cas asked, jumping up from the floor and reaching toward the baby.
Cas looked up in shock, “What the fuck?”
“Okay, so how are you Dean’s new roommate. He hasn’t mentioned you before this, good or bad.”
Cas took a slow sip. “I used to wear a suit and tie. And, I’m good at my job.”
“That was quick! I would have taken half the night,” exclaimed Cas.
Cas drove home slower than he ever had, and even pulled over once to get into the back seat and check on Jack in his rear-facing car seat. Once they were finally settled into the apartment, all Jack’s things tucked into the bathroom and the corner of Cas’ bedroom, Jack in his bassinet and Cas on the couch looking around himself at the tiny apartment, Cas realized something.
“You are part of the family, Cas.” Dean shifted and slid his arms around Cas’ shoulders. “I know it took my mom some time to get on board, but I hope you know you’re always a part of my family now.”
Cas looked a bit sheepish. “You have to admit, Dean. Your car is a little … phallic,” he shrugged. “You don’t seem like the kind of guy to compensate for anything.”
“Just wait here for a moment”, the nurse gestured to a pale green vinyl chair and left the door open behind him as he left the room.
Cas was surprised by Dean’s broad knowledge of pop culture, particularly good music, literature and movies. Dean could rattle off the song order on any Pink Floyd album (“you’re meant to listen to them in order”), and he could quote Shakespeare or Vonnegut with equal ease in casual conversation.
With a bit more energy, Dean started dumping Carmen’s books on the floor – the celebrity housewife cookbooks she never used, the weird vampire series, all her “beach books” – and placed his in the boxes until the shelves were empty. He filled up the box with the other odds and ends he’d left laying around the room last time he was home.
Cas took his time saying goodbye to Kelly and making the initial arrangements for her body. Then he checked on her son. The doctor assured him that Baby Kline was perfectly healthy, but would be in the hospital for at least a day. Cas went home, broke down, and then pulled himself back together. Then he called his brother Michael, waking him an hour before his alarm, to get some legal advice.
Cas grinned broadly, “Yes, that would be great.” He heard Jack fussing and glanced over his shoulder.
Cas struggled to maintain eye contact with Dean. “I haven’t thought about it a lot, but yeah. I guess I always pictured myself with a family at some point.” He gave a wry chuckle and another eye roll. “You know, something loving and unconditional. Nothing like my own family.”
Cas flashed a broad smile and started laughing too, “I had no idea there could be so much sugar in one place!”
Stopping to pick up groceries after work, Dean found himself looking over the strawberries carefully. He pictured Cas plucking one out of a bowl with his long fingers, biting into the ripe flesh and leaving a trace of the sticky sweet juice on his lips. Dean shook his head, and grabbed some berries. When he moved on from the produce section, he checked out a few options for tonight’s dinner in the deli. The rotisserie chickens looked fresh and golden brown, hot racks of ribs were ready to grab and go, and there were trays of freshly packed sushi – spicy tuna was Dean’s favorite. He wondered for a moment what Cas would like for supper, but he felt he’d imposed on Cas’ time too often already. In the end Dean grabbed some barbecue ribs and a potato salad for his supper.
“He says it’s normal. And Oscar is gaining weight, so I guess we just have to deal.” Sam started transferring the burgers and dogs to the plate in Cas’ hands, and then loaded up more on the grill to start cooking.
“Do you snore?”
“Sometimes …”
Dean spent his days in the garage underneath vehicles or leaning over their engines. He lost himself in each repair, so that everyone who worked with him knew to clear their throat if they were coming behind him. The only breaks he took were in between jobs. Occasionally, his breaks would coincide with Cas’ and they would lean up against the coffee room counter together, drinking black coffee and tea as they got to know each other.
The kitchen was well stocked with food, but only held the basics for pots and pans, dishes, silverware and kitchen tools. After he put his own kitchen supplies in place, Dean pulled up a blank list on his phone app and started jotting down things he’d need to shop for – measuring cups and spoons, silicone spatulas, a garlic press, a large kitchen knife, a pie tin and muffin tin. He tried to picture a few of his favorite meals and mentally checked off what he’d need to make them. He also added new bedding and pillows, as well as some new bath sheets. Cas might have bedding already and towels, but Dean would feel more settled when he had his own, and he felt like indulging himself a bit after Carmen bruised his ego. Once he figured he had a good handle on that he started to move the last of the boxes – his books – to the living room.
“Who couldn’t love this face?” Dean tickled Jack under the chin until he squirmed. Dean stood and leaned against the counter opposite Cas. “Besides, I couldn’t sleep last night thinking about those loose bookcases with a toddler in the house.”
After showering and dressing in lounge pants and a long-sleeved Henley, Castiel made a fresh pot of coffee and filled his favorite cup, an extra-large mug that said “Drink Me”. He made himself comfortable on the worn-in couch with his laptop, getting down to his morning routine of checking the news feeds and then clearing out the previous day’s emails before he started work. He had no idea how he ended up on so many mailing lists, but leaving them for more than a day made things absolutely unmanageable. Halfway through this morning’s emails list he came across a new sender HandyDeanAtHome@gmail.com . Castiel remembered the very helpful green-eyed Dean, and smiled at the memory.
“That’s okay, Gabe doesn’t like cats either.”
“That wasn’t a test, Cas, I like both,” said Dean, tilting his head in question.
Dean and Cas flopped on the couch when they arrived home late on a Saturday. They’d both eaten too much and their faces were tired from smiling and laughing. Dean chuckled as he thought of how they must look.
Now that he was working from home full time, Castiel found it helpful to break up his work day into small chunks, interspersed with renovations. Alternating between reading or typing on his laptop, zoom calls, and then ripping up carpet or stripping wallpaper had helped the days fly by and Castiel had been very productive. Today he grabbed a late breakfast of yoghurt and a banana, then picked up his laptop again and moused back to Dean’s YouTube account before he tackled his first project.
Sam nudged Brady and gave him a sharp look, then they all returned to their burgers.
The men worked easily together, Dean directing Cas on the placement of each bookcase according to the studs and then screwing in the L brackets that secured the top of each unit to the wall. When they were done and everything was secure, Cas started dragging over boxes of books and sorting them. He had tried to be organized when he packed them away, but inevitably there was some work that still needed to be done. Dean recognized that he wouldn’t be much help with the sorting, so he sat near Jack and entertained him while Cas worked.
“Sure, just a moment.” The door closed again, and the man returned to talking on his phone. “I’ve got to go; I’ll call you tomorrow.” Another pause. “I’ll be fine, don’t worry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas raised his eyebrows in question.
“The famous Baby! Of course, I’ve seen her around but I’ve never had the honor of such an intimate meeting.” He grinned at Dean.
Cas belly laughed and stepped back into the hallway. He gestured to the last room on the floor. “My bedroom,” he said, stepping into the room out of Dean’s view for a moment. When he came back to the hallway he had a ball of grey fur in his arms. “And this is Gabe.”
Cas was definitely a minimalist, so there was plenty of room in the bathroom cabinet. He had one of those little pots with a long spout to help clean out his sinuses, which Dean took care not to touch. There were over-the-counter medications for pain relief and indigestion, as well as heat rub for sore muscles. Dean noticed the absence of hair styling products, skin creams or anything cosmetic outside of soap and a tub of coconut oil. The top shelf of the medicine cabinet was dominated by a box of condoms (recently purchased, if you went by the best before date) and a bottle of lube.
Dean and Cas soon fell into an easy rhythm, and even started car pooling to work on days they were working the same hours. That is, Dean drove the two of them to work in the Impala, but they never travelled together in Cas’ “hipster vintage” truck. The first morning they drove together Cas looked giddy as he settled into the passenger seat.
“I’m not even going to ask about the spaghetti.” Dean paused for only a moment. “Anyway, this is a way better arrangement than my last ‘roommate’, so I’m unpacking.”
Cas pointed to the coffee maker and she nodded. He tried to sound casual, answering her while he made her coffee. “The movers set up the bedframe and put a few things in place. Dean helped me with the kitchen and Jack’s room, mostly. He’s very handy.”
When the last song played Dean was struck by the raw and honest lyrics. He thought about who was important to him – Sam and Bobby for sure, a few friends here and there. But Carmen stood out to him. He wasn’t even sure he missed her now, less than a day after they broke up, and he wondered if he had ever loved her at all or if she was a roommate with benefits, not even a friend.
Cas dropped to one knee as he pulled a small box from his jacket pocket. “You are the family I chose and I don’t ever want to be without you again.” He opened the box and revealed a simple gold band with squared edges. “Will you marry me, Dean?”
“Actually, that would be awesome!” Castiel smiled broadly. He loaded his cart with the seal and fixtures the man pointed out.
Jack looked wide-eyed at the new person. Dean ducked down a bit to look Jack in the eyes and tickled him lightly under his ear, “Hi cutie, are you a good boy?” Jack giggled and squirmed, holding his hand out to touch Dean’s arm. Dean straightened and held his hands out to Cas, “May I?”
Dean watched the man behind the counter as he turned to fill his order, admiring the view from the back which was just as good as the front, then turned to find a seat. By the time he picked out his window seat and shrugged off his coat, the man was already placing a steaming cup of coffee and a slice of pie in front of him.
Dean was busy admiring the turquoise leather upholstery, while Cas dug out their seat belts. Charlie twisted around a bit and gave them a wave, “Hey Dean, I’m Charlie. I don’t mean to eavesdrop, but I can assume we’re headed to a hospital, am I right?”
“Why’s that, Cas?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mom, stop right now,” Dean said, barely keeping his anger in check and mindful of the people around them. “I love Cas. And, what’s more, I love myself with another person for the first time I can remember.” Dean struggled for the right words. “Do you know what it’s like going from one relationship to the next and never feeling like you fit? And wondering if you’re not meant to fit with anyone? Then, at your lowest, you find someone who just lets you ‘be’ without trying to change you, and your pieces fit with theirs. You feel whole for the first time in your life.” Dean took a minute while Mary looked shocked. Dean put his drink down. “That’s how I feel about Cas. And right now, I really hate that you made me say all that to you before I got a chance to tell him.”
“We can take it slow.” Cas smiled and stroked his hand over Dean’s back.
“Umm ….”
His best friend was gone.
They settled in and ordered burgers and beers all around. The conversation turned to Sam’s impending fatherhood and Eileen’s health. Sam was happy to share his excitement, and a few fears, with them all. He was the first of them to start a family, so they had very little advice but lots of good wishes.
“I’m glad,” Cas said, uncrossing his legs and heading back to the kitchen. He came back moments later with more of Dean’s books and joined him on the floor in front of the bookshelf. They both set to unpacking and Dean started lining up the books on each shelf.
He bent to pull the blanket back just a bit to show the baby’s face, “Dean and Cas, meet Oscar, your new nephew.”
Please send me a comment if you've made it this far!
Dean puts the book down and is surprised that he is actually breathing a little heavily, his own face is flushed, and he’s almost fully hard. He reaches for his beer and takes a long pull of the now lukewarm liquid, willing himself to calm down. Realizing that this is Cas’ writing that has gotten him so hot under the collar doesn’t help at all. Now he’s just picturing Cas as the businessman Tom, with dark tousled hair and glasses with heavy black frames that make his blue eyes stand out even more. It’s Cas’ arms straining the seams on the suit jacket’s shoulders. Cas’ thighs filling out the tailored pants. Cas’ 5 o’clock shadow and soft full lips. Dean moaned at the thought of Cas dressed in the chambray shirt worn by the man on the cover, maybe with a few of the tattoos as well.
Still a bit hesitant, Dean stepped softly as he crossed the room and placed the first box in front of the bookcase, which Cas had carefully placed at the end of the couch.
“Well, okay, if you’re free. I was thinking about some laminate or maybe hardwood for most of the house, and linoleum for the kitchen.”
“Impala,” Dean said, “I’m still helping him bring the truck back to showroom condition.” He patted the seat back between them, “And this beauty is yours?”
“Thank you.” Cas was still a little shell shocked and worried. He pulled out the paperwork he’d brought. “Kelly and I were very close. She asked me some time ago to be her child’s guardian.”
Dean gasped and leaned forward until their lips met. The kiss was gentle and reverent at first, but quickly became passionate. Cas felt Dean harden as he rocked down into Cas’ lap.
As Cas got into the driver’s seat, she asked for his phone and added her name and number to his contacts. “You call any time, hear? I won’t be bothered and I know this is all new to you.”
Dean dropped his eyes and paused, clearly thinking his answer through. “Cas, I think I want that too.” Dean raised his head and refocused his bottle green eyes entirely on Cas’ bright blue. “I just feel like maybe I should take some time to get there. This time. I want this one to last.”
“Mind if I join you, Dean?”
Dean lifted his head and gripped the bed covers tight as he watched Cas softly stroke with both hands up his thighs and then finally dip to take the tip of Dean’s cock between his lips, curling one hand loosely to cup Dean’s balls and the other firmly around the base of his cock. Dean resisted the urge to thrust up into Cas’ warmth and basked in the waves of pleasure that started building deep in his belly.
“Well, then,” Dean grinned, “Aren’t you glad you have a helpful neighbour?”
“Mom, you know he can have all that with a man too. Just watch them together, I’m sure you’ll see what I see.”
It was early yet and Sam had already checked in with Eileen. “Sure Cas, that would be great.”
Dean threw caution to the wind. “I had a one-night stand when I was eighteen. She was wearing these gorgeous panties – pale pink, lace, really expensive it turned out. I told her they were beautiful and she asked me to try them on.”
One Friday morning, a month after Dean moved in, they were driving to work when he asked Cas if he had any plans that night.
Their work days went on much the same as before. Cas was holed up in the back office for hours, processing invoices, following up on collections for late payments and balancing the books. He kept inventory and accounts for both Bobby’s businesses – the garage and the salvage yard. Bobby had his doubts at first, but Cas had quickly proven himself indispensable and the work he did for the salvage yard alone was worth it when it started showing a profit instead of just being an expensive jumbled collection of car parts. Cas took Bobby’s crumpled hand written notes and turned them into up-to-the-minute inventory, online sales for rare vehicle parts, and perfectly balanced books.
“I’m hearing a ‘but’ in there Cas …”
Cas grinned, “That’s so cool. I don’t get a chance to read much, but I wouldn’t mind checking out some of your books.”
Dean woke to the steady, gentle noise of a spoon against the side of a mug. Tink ... tink ... tink …  He slowly opened his eyes a crack to see Bobby’s accountant standing on the other side of the small staff room in the back of the garage. He hadn’t expected anyone else in this early.
Once they had a table full of food and drink in front of them the conversation quieted considerably as they all had mouthfuls of roadhouse burgers. Dean was momentarily transfixed by the deep moan Cas let out at his first bite, but was quickly distracted by Brady.
Dean clutched his head, “Oh man, I need some Tylenol.”
Cas came to his senses and shook Dean’s warm hand. His grip was firm and the touch sent a shiver up Cas’ wrist. “I’m Castiel.” Dean looked confused. “You can call me Cas.”
“Girls’ night?”
Once everything was in order and Cas was finally able to take Jack from the nursery, Missouri came down with them on her way out of the hospital. The strange but friendly nurse was really growing on Cas, and he was glad for the company while he was internally freaking out about taking Kelly’s son home and having everything change at once.
When they eventually came up for air and rested their foreheads together, Cas was the first to speak. “That was … unexpected.” He felt Dean’s muscles tighten slightly and quickly added, “but completely welcome.” He raised his head slightly to make eye contact. “Dean, I don’t want this to be a one-time thing.”
Dean laughed and Cas dug back into the last of his burger.
“Okay,” said Cas. ”Why don’t I show you around?”
Dean nodded and smiled, staring into Cas’ eyes for a long moment.
Cas was dumbfounded. “He doesn’t think he deserves to be loved?”
Cas jumped up to follow and chased Dean to the bedroom, catching him just as he reached the bed and effortlessly tossing him into the centre of the bed.
A short drive later they pulled up to a small two story, painted a soft sky blue with white trim and a dark red door. If Dean used words like “charming” it would be the perfect word for Cas’ house. A flower bed under a large window was crowded with what looked like wild flowers, a little unruly but “charming”. Cas parked in the driveway, in front of an old garage that was likely too small for his truck and Dean pulled in behind him.
Dean scrubbed his hands over his face, and gave his head a shake. “Okay, I’m up.” He opened his eyes fully and looked Cas up and down. “Ooh, I love it when you’re all hot and sweaty in the morning. Think we could share that shower?”
“A little practice couldn’t hurt.”
There’s something sexy about a person’s eyes. If you look directly into someone’s eyes you can create a bond with them. You can memorize the exact shade of the iris and map out the delicate wrinkles that appear when they smile, but the whole time you are really seeing into their soul. Castiel has always had a thing for eyes, but lately he’s had a whole new appreciation for their beauty and expressiveness.
Dean proudly took the bottle, blushing at his new title, then opened it and poured 5 glasses of the bubbly. Cas helped him pass them around to the group. Dean raised his glass and the others followed, “To Oscar.”
After a half hour of quiet celebration, Mary said her goodbyes. “Well, I need to head home to bed. I’m a grandma now, I guess I should start acting like it.” They all laughed and she gathered up her coat, bending to drop one more kiss to the crown of Oscar’s head and saying goodbye to Eileen. Sam rose to walk her out. Dean and Cas decided to stay for a while longer. Dean asked, “How are you feeling Eileen?”
“Yeah, Sam was being all passive-aggressive about that, but Brady kept calling and showing up at the house. Sam finally confronted him last month, told him what a few of us had heard and seen. Brady didn’t even try to deny it, just said it was harmless and tried to make it out like he was providing a ‘service’ to people in pain.”
“Not at all, Dean. I’ve really enjoyed our evenings together.”
Cas spoke softly, “Come on in Dean. I was just taking a minute to relax.”
Cas sipped his tea and seemed to weigh something in his mind before he spoke again. “I have a spare room.”
“Maybe we should just drop all of them in here. I was in a bit of a rush and didn’t really take the time to label them.”
Dean was opening the Johnny Walker and Cas was pulling glasses out of the kitchen cupboard when Sam knocked.
Dean gave his head a shake and laughed, “Sorry Charlie, I’m a bit distracted by this amazing car.” He stared over the front seat at the polished dashboard. “We’re headed to Lawrence General.”
“I assumed you had a rough night if you slept here.”
“Of course, Dean, come on up.” Cas reached behind him and closed the door, then led the way upstairs.
Dean handed the device to Cas. “This is a stud finder,” he said, gesturing for Cas to place it on the wall. ‘You run it across the wall, just like this,” Dean laid his hand over Cas’ and guided him, “and then – see that light – that’s your stud.” Cas still looked a bit confused, and more than a bit flustered by Dean’s gentle touch. Dean knocked lightly on the hollow spot between the studs to make his point. “The solid wood board in the wall that you want to attach things to. If you just screw into drywall, it won’t be secure and your brackets could pull out of the wall.”
Sam was surrounded by friends on the deck. Garth and Ash both came over to say hello to Cas right away. Garth went in for a hug, of course, but Cas really didn’t mind now that he knew him better. Ash extended his fist for a bump, which Cas returned, “Haven’t seen you for awhile dude, but I hear you and Dean have been snuggled up at home a lot lately. Congrats on the relationship upgrade man!” “Um, thanks Ash. I wasn’t sure if Dean had a chance to tell many people.” “Word travels fast. I knew it right away, anyway. He couldn’t stop checking out your ass at the roadhouse.” Cas flushed and continue on his way to Sam, who was flipping burgers and hot dogs at the grill.
“Mary, I’m so glad I caught you! I think you left your scarf.”
“Yes. Jack is only a few months old. He’s with a friend until tomorrow, so I was hoping to get a lot done tonight.”
Dean had lost all his inhibitions. “I’m finding out all sorts of new stuff about you tonight – you’re a pool shark, a sign language prodigy – what else don’t I know about you Cas?”
They quickly dug into their meals. Cas groaned when he bit into the still warm cheeseburger, pleasantly surprised by the generous helping of bacon. Dean raised an eyebrow, but fortunately his mouth was full and he didn’t say what he was thinking. In between bites Cas thanked him, “This was very thoughtful Dean. I hadn’t even thought of supper yet.”
Cas stripped the fleece onesie off Jack and laid him on the changing table wearing just a t-shirt onesie and diaper. He made quick work of undoing the shirt and wet diaper, expertly wiping Jack down and then tenting the wipe so he wouldn’t pee again while Cas moved the clean diaper into place and secured it. He snapped the t-shirt back into place and passed Jack to Missouri again while he cleaned up and tossed the old diaper into the garbage can on the side.
Cas reached over to Dean and gave his forearm a firm squeeze. Dean looked up and met his kind eyes. “My apologies, Dean. I will treat your car with the respect she has earned.”
“He needs a change,” said Missouri, following Cas and leaning against the doorway.
“I cook a bit,” said Dean. “Had to do a lot of it when we were young. Dad died when I was 4 and mom had to work a lot.”
Dean moved on, “Ash here is an unemployed engineering genius.”
“Sure thing,” said the blue-eyed man, ringing up the order. Dean handed over the cash and the man handed him some change. “Just take a seat and I’ll bring it over right away.”
The man was looking toward the street before the door opened, but turned and faced Cas as soon as he spoke. Cas’ breath caught. The warm brown spiky hair, the broad shoulders, the bow legs (heaven help him!). A subtle cough brought Cas’ gaze back up to meet the stranger’s stunning mossy green eyes.
Castiel strolled through the aisles, picking out the supplies he’d need to refinish the cabinets first and then things he’d need for the bathroom. He picked out some plain white subway tiles to go around the tub and then some small hexagonal tiles in black and white for the floor. He was dropping some new cabinet hardware in his cart when he saw someone enter the aisle out of the corner of his eye.
“Hey Cas, just thought I’d drop by and see if you’re free tonight. I could bring some brackets and help you with those bookcases.”
“Yes, she was.”
Dean averted his eyes as Castiel came out from behind the counter and crossed the floor of the coffee shop. He only looked up when he heard someone pull out the chair across the table from him, and was surprised to see Castiel looking at him with his hand on the back of the chair.
“No, I couldn’t do it. It was the last straw for me, and when I refused it was the last straw for dad too. He fired me and disowned me. All I had was my training as an accountant to keep me going, and I knew I was good at it, but nothing else fit. I spent the last 5 years figuring out who I would be if I made my own decisions. Turns out I’m a patchouli dude who’s good with numbers.”
“Hi! I’m you’re new neighbour, Dean Winchester.” Dean thrust a hand out to Cas to shake.
“I’m telling you Mom, Dean is different around Cas. I think this might be serious.”
“I didn’t get a real close look, but I think he’s pushing black market painkillers.”
“I write under a couple of names, actually. One for my fantasy novels, and another for romance.”
Once they got back to the table the rounds of shots were coming fast. Everyone took a turn buying, Cas included, but he would switch out his full shots with the empties on either side of him whenever no one was looking. Dean was progressively drunker as the evening went on, and Cas discovered that Dean got handsy when he was drunk. One by one the others turned in for the night. Brady offered to share his Uber with Sam. Eventually Cas and Dean were alone at the table.
“Did Carmen tell you anything about what happened?” Dean looked a bit incredulous.
“Sam has had his moments, but no, I don’t think he would do that.” Dean sighed heavily, “I’ll talk to him.”
Dean lost his nerve and just nodded, sliding the cup across the counter to Castiel. Castiel turned to fill it and then slid it back, smiling at Dean and then turning his eyes to the person who had just stepped up behind him. Dean quietly took his cup back to the table by the window, and dropped into the chair with a sigh. He went back to sneaking glances while his third cup of coffee steamed in between his palms. And that is where he still sat.
“Yes, I think it does. I’ve never done this before, so I’m kind of flying blind.”
Dean smiled, “It’s fine. I don’t want to disrupt anything too much.”
After only a few moments he grasped at the curls on the back of Cas’ head and gently tugged. Cas lifted his eyes, wide and black with only a slice of bright blue visible and leered up at Dean, where he lay flushed and panting. Cas prowled up over Dean’s body and then straddled his thighs, reaching down to take both of their members in hand, spreading the drops of clear fluid that dripped from their cocks and his own saliva to smooth the way as he jacked them together. Dean grabbed at Cas’ strong thighs and his ass, even dropping one finger into his crack where it dragged against Cas’ dry hole.
“Oh man, I haven’t slept a full night since the hospital. Neither has Eileen.” Sam handed Cas a clean plate and then flipped the lid on the grill to check the meat again. “Oscar is nursing constantly, but he spits up half of what he eats.” He paused and then said seriously, “I had no idea something so small could puke so much.”
Dean wasn’t fooled. “No, really, don’t try that with me. I want to know how you feel right now.” Dean was a bit afraid that the family visit had scared Cas off.
“Smooth is overrated Dean.” Castiel grinned. “I have some unexpected free time. Why don’t we get to know each other a bit better?”
“Jack’s mom made it.” Cas frowned.
The driver twisted in her seat and stuck a hand out the window for Cas to shake. “Pleased to meet you Cas, I’m Charlie. Do you think you can direct your model boyfriend to a seat?” Cas followed Dean as he completed a full circle of the Fairlane, opened the passenger side door and nudged him in, following behind him, “Slide over Dean, Charlie’s got money to make and we have a new baby to see.”
Cas circled Dean and stopped a few feet further into the room, then turned to face him. He looked nervous. “Dean, I wanted to be around all of our friends and family when I did this, because you gave me family like I never really knew before.”
Cas gave Dean a pointed look. “I’m saying you could be my roommate. At least, until something more permanent comes along.”
Castiel, or Cas as Dean called him, was the least accountant-like person he’d ever met. Instead of button downs, ties, slacks and loafers, Cas tended towards light tunics or band tees, drawstring pants made of soft natural fibres, and cloth slip-on shoes that somehow raised money for children in Africa. Bobby and all the mechanics drank coffee, but Cas drank loose leaf tea steeped with a steel strainer into a handmade pottery mug. Bobby grumbled, but he added a kettle to the staff room when Cas asked.
Sam looked a little humbled, but smiled at Eileen, “Of course, sweetie, anything you need.”
“I know you’re good at your job Cas, but that still doesn’t explain how you got here. No offense, but you just don’t look like the guy that goes to business school.” Dean gestured to Cas’ faded yoga pants worn with a knee length cotton tunic.
Dean sat up and pushed aside the coat he’d been using as a makeshift blanket on the saggy staff room couch. He straightened his t-shirt where it had ridden up and squared his black and gray plaid overshirt back onto his shoulders.
This book followed the crossed paths of a businessman and an airport security agent. Tom’s regular trips through an Atlanta airport as he commuted for work always coincided with Brad’s shifts in security, so they would see each other twice every week for months. Through momentary interactions they discovered bits and pieces about each other. Tom was in a rocky relationship, which falls apart due to his constant travel. He starts thinking about moving, but by this time he’s falling in love with Brad and wants to try dating. Brad resists, of course, because he’s been burned by men in suits before, but they have already had a few charged moments in the airport that show a relationship is inevitable.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That must have been hard for him.”
“So, this neighbour helped you put everything together last night,” Missouri wandered back out to the main room and carried Jack to the playpen. She settled him in next to one of his favourite dinosaur stuffed toys, and then sat on the couch nearby.
Then he took Dean’s hand and led him to the living room where he tucked Dean in with a blanket and put Fleetwood Mac on the record player before joining him. They stretched out together on the couch, listening to Stevie sing Dreams and exchanging few soft kisses before they fell asleep.
They parted again and settled back a bit.
“Oh right! I’m Castiel.” He rattled off his email address for the man.
Pulling into the parking lot at Bobby’s 15 minutes later, Castiel realized that Dean might not even be working today. Crossing his fingers, he put on his mask and strolled through the doors. He barely had time to sanitize his hands and grab a cart before he heard a familiar voice the next aisle over. Calmly, he started through the aisles with today’s list. He still needed finishing sandpaper for the cabinets – an oversight on his first trip – and he also wanted to pick out some paint and browse for new flooring.
Castiel had been past Bobby’s Home & Hardware many times, but this was his first time inside. He put on his mask in the car - this one was a simple plaid pattern – and walked the short distance to the entrance. The sign on the door asked patrons to maintain a 6 foot distance as much as possible, wear a mask, and help themselves to the complimentary hand sanitizer. Castiel felt better about entering the store when he saw they were taking the health of their employees seriously, and rubbed a generous dollop of sanitizer on his hands as soon as he entered. He pulled out his list and grabbed a cart.
“In this case, it led to a cardiovascular collapse.” He paused again. “Kelly’s heart failed.” “We tried everything we could to save her, but she died.”
The single cup coffee maker was on the far left of the kitchen counter, just where he remembered setting it up last night with Dean. He let his mind wander, thinking of his gorgeous new neighbour, while he opened several cupboards looking for the coffee pods. He found them in the cupboard below the coffee maker and randomly picked a French roast. He vaguely remembered unpacking his mugs into the cupboard above and, sure enough, found his favorite one (a gift from his agent that read “Creative Fuel”) and slid it into place. Apparently, he had been organized enough to fill the reservoir last night, so all he had to do was drop in the pod, push the button and wait.
“We don’t know each other well, but I came in early this morning to find him on the couch in the break room and he told me what happened. I figured there was an easy solution to his problem. He took me up on the offer.”
“And some food,” Cas added, his stomach rumbling against Dean’s.
Sam knew this was the only way to get even some of the story out of Dean, even if he had to read between the lines a bit to understand Carmen’s betrayal. He wasn’t upset about them breaking up – it was probably the best thing for Dean – but Carmen wouldn’t be getting a warm welcome the next time he saw her.
Dean shook his head, “Not good enough Sammy.” He tossed back his second drink. “Never good enough.”
Two hours later his beer sat half full on the coffee table and he was at least a third of the way into the book. He had been quickly drawn in by Cas’ writing, his unique characters and plots that didn’t rely on the same old romance tropes. Dean had watched his share of chick flicks, usually late at night and alone, so he knew tropes.
Dean had trouble reconciling Cas’ relaxed granola/pot/meditation personality with his work at Bobby’s. He was obviously a good accountant, very precise and organized, but Dean could not figure out how those two halves worked together. One day they were relaxing with some scotch after supper and Dean just outright asked, “So, how does a patchouli dude like you take on the most suit and tie career available?”
Cas grasped him firmly by his shoulders and pushed him against the wall. “You misunderstand me.” Cas cradled Dean’s jaw in his hand and gently turned his head until their eyes met. “I am very attracted to you, but you deserve more than one drunken night and I’m willing to wait until you’re ready for more.” He kissed Dean lightly once more. “There’s no rush.”
“How about you start alphabetizing that stack over there,” Cas pointed to his right. “I’ll be done sorting right away and then we can start shelving.
Dean shuffled closer to Cas so that he could pull him into a loose hug, their foreheads almost touching.
The three of them sat down and Dean poured 2 fingers into each glass. Cas offered ice, but the brothers both passed and tossed back their shots. Cas sipped his thoughtfully while Dean refilled the glasses and took a deep breath.
Dean placed the last of his books on the shelf and sat down a couple of feet away from Cas as the first notes played. He immediately recognized the first song from snippets he heard during pro sports on TV. “Hey, I know that!”
The angel huffed out a laugh, tears falling freely from his eyes. Dean reached up and put a firm, warm hand on Castiel's cheek. He leaned into the touch and sighed. Dean pulled their faces together until their foreheads were touching. They stood there for a few long moments just breathing.
"You know," a voice came out of the emptiness, "We really have to stop meeting like this."
There was a glimmer in Chuck's eye as he smiled, bringing index finger to snap against thumb, "What can I say? I believe in happily ever after...for more than just you."
"And it's not like I'm always the one to save you Castiel." Chuck added.
"Oh hell yes," Dean exclaimed. Really perfect. Subtly, under that feeling, came a tug in his gut. Something was still missing.
Castiel opened his mouth to respond when Dean entered the room, freshly showered, but moving stiffly with dark bags under his eyes. “We can hit the road as long as you guys promise to whisper,” he croaked, voice rough and tired. He dropped into a chair and squeezed the bridge of his nose.
Dean looked from the record to Cas and then back again, and something inside him snapped. "No. No, you know what, this is ridiculous," Dean burst suddenly.
And then Castiel stood up straight, ready to fly out of the bunker and likely out of reach to Dean. Unbidden one word, the only word he’d only ever needed to say, bubbled up Dean’s throat and burst of his mouth, “Stay.” Castiel spun around quickly, his coat whipping around his ankles. He tilted his head slightly and furrowed his brow. Their eyes connected, and Dean lips quirked up in a small, almost imperceptible smile. “Please, Cas. Please just stay.”
Castiel asked.
"Yeaaaah," Chuck responded awkwardly, "I suppose you wouldn't remember much of the other times."
Dean nodded, "Yeah...yeah, man. That would be great."
Castiel interrupted.
Cas walked past Dean, barely an arms length away, but he did not pause. "I have your favorite whiskey, and I know you prefer cassettes to records, but I have to say that Zepplin is really wonderful on vinyl."
Dean parked the Impala in front of the barn's doors, and hurried out of the car to pull them open. Dean stepped inside, it was dimly lit, as it had been in his memory. There were wards and symbols painted on the walls and ceiling, which had proven useless all those years ago. The only difference was that now, in the corner of the room was a sitting area -- a couple leather arm chairs, a coffee table with books and a bottle of whiskey on it, and a record player.
Chuck did not appear to be listening. "Sheesh. And how about the second time? You know, when your big brother obliterated you? You were frantic, Castiel. You pleaded with me to send you back. To put you back in Stull. To put you back with..."
"You haven't always been happy to be sent back," Chuck reminded him, "haven't always seen them as gifts. I believe the word curse was thrown around a fair few times."
There was silence. And Castiel realized that his remains, which had slowly been spreading apart during the exchange, were beginning to pull back together.
"I wondered when you'd find this place," said a low, amused voice behind him.
“No,” Dean snapped, finality in his tone. So Sam bit his tongue and climbed into the passenger’s seat as Dean turned the ignition.
Castiel asked,
"Cas?" called a voice -- as familiar as the angel's own, but it sounded thick and broken. Castiel extended a hand that had not been there a moment ago, and reached blindly until it connected with a square jaw hovering above him. His thumb brushed forward, catching a tear that was running down that face. "Cas..." came the voice again, still thick but this time tinged with hope. Castiel's eyes worked open.
“I was afraid you weren’t going to come, darlin’,” Dean whispered with a nip to the angel’s earlobe.
Heaven really was perfect, Dean thought, as he walked from his parents' house back to the impala. He looked over his shoulder, watching Mary lean into John, whose arm was wrapped around her. His mom and dad smiling from the porch of the home they deserved to have together.
Chuck smiled, "God perk."
"What?" Cas asked softly, eyes already shining with tears.
Dean nodded, then his brow knit together, "But that still doesn't answer my question, if these aren't memories then what is this place..." his voice trailing off at the end. Dean looked around the barn, doing the calculus in his head. Castiel just waited, head tilted slightly to the left, watching Dean with interest. "Is this...your place? Is this where you stay?"
, he thought,
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but Cas spoke instead. "Now that you're here, do you want to have a drink? Catch up?" he asked motioning toward the chairs and table.
“Stop it,” Cas said, with no force and only longing in his voice. It would take no effort to leave. He could get out of the bunker and be thousands of miles away in the space of a heartbeat. With the flick of his wrist, he could break Dean’s arm or send him careening into the wall. Castiel had all of the power to make it stop, but none of the strength required to do so. Instead, Castiel sighed and grabbed Dean’s face with both of his hands. “You matter more than anything,” he breathed across Dean’s lips before kissing him hard, pouring everything he had into the kiss. He could feel Dean quivering against him, as Dean slid a thigh between Castiel’s legs.
"I'm not strong enough for the both of us
Please just stay"
Dean tried to will himself forward or to open his mouth, but he couldn’t --- he was petrified. He was one hundred percent a coward without the presence of alcohol. Dean ran his bare foot along the floor, racking his brain for something, anything to say, but there was nothing. His brain was empty and his mouth was dry.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel responded tightly and inched back a fraction. He was already feeling guilty about the encounter. If Dean realized that Cas was being cold, it did not deter him. He pressed Castiel backward until he was against the wall and began kissing down Cas’s neck, murmuring amorous greetings.
he wondered.
Castiel dropped into the bunker some time after noon. Sam was seated at a table, open books scattered around his laptop, his fingers tapping rapidly against the keys. “Good morning, Sam,” Cas said flatly, his eyes flitting around the room looking for the elder Winchester.
"Dean, you don't have to. I know," Castiel said gently, but with anticipation clear on his face.
The knot in Cas' brow released and he sighed, as if he'd been holding his breath, "You're welcome, Dean. And I would do it all again, every time."
"No. You definitely were not," Chuck admitted plainly, "nor the last."
At that, Dean's gaze dropped to his boots, he could feel his heart beating in his ears. It was like being in that god forsaken room in the bunker all over again -- the last place he had seen Castiel alive. He could feel the angel's eyes on him, so he took a deep breath.
Sam picked up his laptop, and looked down at his brother with disdain, “I’m going to pack up. We can leave in 20.” He started out of the room, and without looking at Dean, he added, “You are SUCH an asshole.”
, he insisted.
Castiel lifted the arm from around his waist, stood from the bed, and gathered up his clothing. He looked down at Dean’s sleeping face. It was too much ---too much to have Dean press against him in his sleep, too much to have Dean writhing underneath him, and far too much to have Dean saying such perfect things while he reeked of alcohol. He mojo-ed back into his clothes and was gone.
he thought,
Dean was asleep, arm thrown over Castiel’s bare midsection, face nuzzled into the angel’s neck. He was snoring softly against Cas’s skin, while Cas was staring at the ceiling. Every inch of Castiel’s being wanted to believe that he could have this --- that when Dean woke in a few hours, he would know what he had done, and he would be content. “Perhaps he knew what he was doing, calling me tonight,” Castiel whispered to himself, “he wasn’t with anyone before I came.” The bitter, insecure part of his brain just laughed at his continued foolishness, threatening to drudge up every hurtful memory it had of Dean. Resignation and sadness filled Castiel’s chest. Hope, he decided, was a cruel and dangerous thing.
“Sam just wanted me to review some of the bunker’s files,” Castiel began without moving to face at Dean. “I’m not sure I can be of any help,” he said flatly. It was a struggle to keep his hands planted on the table when all he wanted was to look at Dean. He waited for a moment, hoping that somehow, Dean would say something that made staying possible.
Dean eased himself out of bed, careful not to move too quickly for fear of puking everywhere, threw on boxers and a t-shirt, and made his way to the bathroom. He watched his face in the mirror as he brushed his teeth thoroughly, but no amount of scrubbing could remove the bitter sting of failure. Dean had told himself over and over again that he was done, that he didn’t want Cas and he wasn’t going to hurt him, but here he was. Clearly, Dean was not as strong as he liked to pretend he was. Maybe giving up the fight would be better? As he considered that, Dean saw the face in the mirror look lighter and more hopeful than it had maybe ever. He huffed a little at himself and turned to walk out of the bathroom.
"Sometimes," Chuck countered, "But not always." Castiel did not know what to make of that, but Chuck just continued. "There was the first time. You were smashed to bits by your brothers when you were messing with...well, me. You didn't really beg then, but you did insist rather forcefully that your human charge needed you."
“I got your message, Sam,” Cas said, eyes not leaving Sam’s, “What is it you need?”
Castiel smiled and looked down at the floor for a moment before looking back up at Dean, "Well, yes. This is my corner of heaven, like Bobby and Ellen have the Roadhouse. Like John and Mary have their home. After Jack pulled me out of the empty, and we reconfigured heaven, he made sure I had somewhere special...somewhere that made me happy."
Castiel took a few steps toward Dean, smiling, "What do you think?" He motioned around the barn, not taking his eyes off of Dean.
You know I love you
"Dean," Cas began warily, "vinyl is actually a really pure..."
Watching Cas' face, Dean could feel a heat spread through his body, somewhere in the back of his mind he could hear Chuck's voice: You know what every other version of you did after "gripping him tight and raising him from Perdition?" They did what they were told. But not you.
"Chuck is fine, really." And then he was there, God was standing among what remained of Castiel, angel of the Lord.
The last thing he saw was Dean's face.
Dean's free hand slid down Cas' arm until he could lace their fingers together. "How about that drink?"
The blade, which he had not seen coming, hit its mark, but at least the very last memory he would have was of Dean looking pleased to see him.
. Castiel thought bitterly.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The tables in the bunker’s library were covered with papers and half empty boxes and open books, and Sam Winchester was fed up. He was tired of seeing his brother a mess. “Maybe this isn’t going to change anything,” Sam thought, “but neither is doing nothing.” He was pacing back and forth, his cell phone in his hand, and glancing at the time every few minutes. Finally, there was a  rush of wings behind him, and he spun on his heel to face Castiel. The angel looked drawn and tired and uncomfortable.
Chuck looked around and smiled. "Alright, Castiel. Time to go."
Cas' mouth hung open, "Then what?"
But then Dean’s calls, which had not really ceased since they began, became more desperate, more insistent. Without another thought, Castiel was inside Dean’s room at the foot of the bed. Dean was at the top of the bed, leaning against the wall and staring at the center of the room as though he knew that was where the angel would appear. His legs and arms crossed almost defensively, but when Cas dropped into the room, Dean immediately opened up and crawled to the end of the bed. An empty bottle rolled from the bed onto the floor as he moved. Wordlessly, he got up on his knees and reached for Castiel, grabbing his tie and pulling him in for a bruising kiss. The pair sighed in unison when their lips connected, and the tension bled from their bodies. Castiel could taste the bite of whiskey on Dean’s tongue, as it demanded entrance to his mouth. The most rational of his brain threw up a red flag, but the longing in every other part of him overruled it. Dean moved his mouth from Castiel’s lips, across his jaw to the spot behind his ear. Cas groaned and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, pressing as much of his body against Dean as he could. Dean began murmuring against Castiel’s neck, his mouth sucking and biting Cas’s skin.
Dean stared at him for a moment, wondering if heaven shouldn't be devoid of awkward moments like this, but then he shook his head. "No. No. I do have to, you deserve to hear me say...thank you," Dean inhaled, "Thank you Cas."
Dean crossed his arms over his chest and looked around feigning scrutiny. "Looks pretty much exactly like I remember it," his eyes landed back on Cas, "But I thought heaven wasn't just memories anymore? Bobby said that you..."
The Impala roared to life, and he sped down the road. He had no destination in mind, just the sweet, free feeling of driving his baby was enough. Almost without thinking he swung a quick left down a road he hadn't seen before. That didn't shock him really, heaven was infinite, or something.  He looked in the rear view mirror and saw the dust clouds being kicked up, and then the radio changed, Whole Lotta Love came blaring out of the radio.
Castiel broke the kiss to bite down on Dean’s neck, grinding hard against Dean’s thigh. Dean dug his nails into Castiel’s hair, groaning and cursing with pleasure. “God, Cas,” Dean moaned, “I need you.” And with that, Castiel shoved Dean backward until they both fell on to the bed.
The angel pushed Dean down on to the bed and climbed up to straddle him. He leaned down, lips quickly finding Dean’s. Castiel kissed the other man largely to silence him.  Castiel could not bear to hear drunken professions of feelings. The act of hooking up was one thing, but the empty words and promises were a whole different animal. So Castiel ground his hips down on to Dean’s, and they each moaned into the other’s mouth.
Dean swallowed hard. "I love you too. Of course I do," his words sounding even more certain with every beat. "I love you, Cas."
Castiel remembered well his time as Emmanuel, the madness that followed, and waking up it the hospital broken, but content to receive his punishment.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now that Sam was here, after a good, long, well-deserved life, Dean felt even more at peace. Not that he'd had to wait that long, time really did move differently there. Of all the times he'd been to heaven before, of all the iterations he had seen, he had never imagined that this kind of beauty and happiness would be possible. "Under new management," he chuckled to himself.
The right side of Dean’s body was cold. He rolled onto his side, eyes cracking open slowly. The empty space on the bed next to him gave no indication that a person had been there during the night, but Dean knew better. He could still feel hands on his body and lips against his skin. There had been no random hookup – no scouring the bar for a nameless woman. There had only been Castiel, and Dean was not in a position to pretend otherwise. His head was pounding, his mouth was desert dry, and stomach was roiling, but none of that compared to ache of having woken up alone. It was not as though he’d really expected, or even wanted he supposed, Castiel to stay the night, but disappointment still crashed in his gut.
Dean rolled his eyes, lips seeking Castiel’s. When Cas turned his face away, Dean groaned in frustration. But Dean was relentless, so he started to kiss up Castiel’s jaw. Stopping to bite his earlobe, Dean whispered, “She didn’t matter.” In the same moment, Dean cupped Cas’s erection through his pants. The angel shuddered and put his hand on Dean’s pushing it away. Dean chuckled and resumed groping with more fervor. “Stop playing hard to get, sweetheart,” he added before latching onto the pulse point in Castiel’s neck.
When he opened his eyes, Dean was standing right in front of him. He growled and grabbed Cas by his hips, pulling him flush with his body. “You’re already hard, babe. Don’t lie to me,” Dean whispered as he rolled his hips.
Dean who had been following behind the angel stopped, starring almost blankly at Castiel's back. Cas looked over his shoulder. When he saw the look on Dean's face, he turned holding the sleeve for Led Zepplin II.
Castiel stretched out into the familiar nothingness. What was left of him -- grace, soul, whatever -- floated somewhere in the universe. The angel had been here before. Dying was not novel. He knew that eventually his remains would disperse among the atoms of the universe, spread so far that no part of him would be recognizable. That was a comforting thought really. Castiel would become a part of something bigger -- bigger than even his true form had once been.
"If I had any hand in that at all," Chuck said slowly, like he was considering something, "it was putting you in the path of someone that would never be content to let you go."
Sam motioned toward the cluttered tables and gave a half grin, “I’ve been trying to sort through all of the information the Men of Letters have. And I found a bunch of stuff on angels. I was hoping you’d be willing to look it over, tell me if they got anything right?” Castiel opened his mouth the refuse, shifting awkwardly on his feet, but Sam just added, “I’m going to run down to storage to see if there are more files, don’t move.” He took a few long strides and disappeared from the room.
Castiel attempted to pull back slightly, “Dean…” he began cautiously.
“In the end, like a fool,” Cas said through a gasp, “I’ll always come to you.”
Dean was still looking at the spot where Castiel had been standing. He exhaled, reaching to touch the spot on his neck he knew a hickey had bloomed. “Yeah…I know.”
“Getting black out drunk and having aggressive nameless sex stops being cool after 30, Dean,” Sam said sarcastically in a loud, fake whisper. Dean flipped him off, leaning heavily on the table. “And seriously, I could see those hickeys from a mile away. What are we? Seventeen?”
Dean strode over to Cas, pulling the sleeve out of his hand and tossing on the floor. He put his hands on either side of Cas' arms, fixing him with a determined look. "I love you too."
“Do you want to grab a beer?” Sam asked as they threw their shovels into the trunk. “Digging up a grave always makes me thirsty.”
And as soon as that thought became fully formed in his brain, he saw it -- a large barn, rundown and familiar. He knew this place.
Dean fucks into him harder and faster.
Dean chuckles, “I would like to baby. But we both would end up in bow legs.”
“No! I have to drag you to Micheal by the collar”
Dean then realizes his actions and chuckles, “I’ll take it as a yes.”
He waits for a slap, or a punch.
“For what happened-,”
And the sexual tension becomes thicker than ever.
Their breathings become erratic and Dean’s thrust become harder. Cas starts to tremble as he asks,
Dean thrust all the way out while his fingers move to Cas’s impossibly hard nipples, pinching and drawing screams and moans out of Cas.
Dean chuckles, “ I see. I’ve always thought Sam’s blind.”
“Cas?” Gabriel asks, his voice annoyingly small and fake, eyes poking up to meet his.
He sticks behind the door and opens it so that he could get it.
“DEAN!”
Dean likes to control and Cas likes to offer.
“Cas can you step a bit closer? I can’t reach it. Sorry”
“I got something to tell you.”
“It’s not like I am trying to hook you up with anyone. It’s just a Trip.”
“You do know I don’t like others eyeing you, don’t you?”
Yes. Everything is going to be fine. And it’s a one night after all.
“What? We haven’t even started anything yet. Right Cas?” Dean pecks a kiss on the place behind his ear.
“Cas?” His voice is breathy.
“Ah.”
Cas shouts as he feels the pleasure takes all over him. He feels like hanging on the horizon and just one step and he would fall.
Cas gulps. And Dean hears it.
Castiel sighs and runs his long fingers across his weary face.
“Ahh Dean. More.”
“What are you Cas? 12-year-old? Look I promised you. Just one night and I will stop shitting around you okay?”
Cas isn’t a weak person. He never was. But everything around that person makes his knees go buckle and legs go jelly that he just want to do nothing but give up and accept the facts.
Cas’s elbows give up  and falls on the bed gracelessly with his ass still high in the air with his boyfriend pounding behind him breathlessly.
“Doubtlessly, Sammy shoving his dick into Gabe’s ass.” Dean said without thinking.
“I am taking shower uh,” Dean rubs the back of his neck wondering how to ease the tension, slowly building.
Castiel scans through his brother face for a confirmation, which is likely to be a temporary anyway but somehow there’s that side of him, deep down inside his subconscious mind, poking his brain to accept it happily. To stop pretending how he dislikes Dean and delightfully regard that fate has finally make his wildest desire come true. Well his brother has made it come true.
What made him do this?
The voice is hoarse and breathy. Dean could only get hard by that sexy voice. And he is.
“You could just get in with me, Gabe.”
But no matter how imagination is good, never can it be compared to the reality. Like no matter how many times he has pictured Cas naked, it has nothing to do with the real Cas standing in front of him, hair soaked with water, blue, shocked eyes staring at his own greens, a towel wrapped around his hips, tightly.
“DEAN!”
He runs his hand over his face, a usual gesture he does every time he’s desperate.
Instead he feels a pair of soft lips upon his.
“Faster Dean ahh Fast-,”
Dean picks up the towels left on the floor and wraps around his waist as fast as he can before running after Cas.
“Fuck yourself Gabriel. I don’t have a crush on that prick.”
As he opens the door, Cas hands him the towels with his head swung to one side.
“Oh So u don’t care how upset I, your own brother – would be to spend my night with a complete stranger?”
A few steps later approach and Dean hears a knock on the door.
Dean moves his lips to Cas’s so that he could distract him from the pain.
Cas bites his lips, his hands in dirty blonde hair tightening, letting his lover know how he’s feeling.
“Wanna taste you.” Cas breathlessly tells as he give strong jerks to that big cock.
“On your knees.”
“Dean,” his grip on Dean’s muscular biceps tightened, his veins on his throat popping up.
Dean puts his hands on Cas’s hips to hold him still while he fucks into the warm hole relentlessly.
It takes him moments to realize what’s happening before he starts kissing Cas properly back.
“Walk back where Brother? 800 miles? Come one Cas, it’s just A Night. And you get your own bed. It’s not like I am throwing you into a lion cave. Plus it’s too late to go and look for an another hotel!”
“DEAN!” Cas practically screams at one point where Dean rubs his prostate.
The room is coated with deafening silence, until Castiel gives up,
Castiel hisses, his nostrils flaring with anger and his chest rises and falls heavily with anger.
It feels like someone explodes a firework an inch near his ear.
“Shall we go Baby?” Dean asks, his voice deeper than usual. Even in the dark corner do the club, it’s no doubt that those green eyes would be the dark shade of lust right now.
He licks his lips, accidentally.
Just three words. And next seconds, Cas is on him.
“Deaann”
Cas moans as the length under him pokes his thighs, sending shiver down his spine.
He wants to fall.
Dean folds him in half, holding his legs on his shoulder and starts pounding into Cas.
Dean tightens his grip on the waist, mouth reaching to his exposed collarbone to suck like a kid.
Dean holds onto his hair as he practically fucks into that warm mouth.
Cas spreads out his legs on the bed. Feeling his cock throbbing to his stomach. He holds his legs up so that his hole was properly exposed to Dean, who now coming back with lube in his hands and shocked  to see the sight before him.
Cas hums, “You should also get a girl Benny. You seems so boring.”
They talk for like an hour, subjects shifting until it is about their brothers.
“Bullshit Gabriel as if I don’t know what you’re playing.”
“You don’t have to repeat Dean. It’s –ok.”
“Then tell me what is it?”
Cas spills all over the bed and his abdomen and Dean’s hands. In the nick of time, Dean gives one last hard thrust and feels his own organsm waves through his veins.
Cas waits for a thick cock to enter him, instead he’s met by a warm tongue lapping his hole, drawing a shocking yelp from him.
“Shout baby. I like it when you shout my name. Letting everyone know who you belong to and whose cock you are crying for?”
Damn. He should have thought before saying that.
Dean moves his lips near his ear-shell, hot breath making him even more hard, his other hand moves to Dean’s first button, successfully, leaving it open to let his hand slip into the garment and brush his collarbone, giving gentle massage to the hot skin.
“Tell me Cas. Do you like me?” Dean asks in a deep, demanding voice, which is a complete different one from the shy, sorrowful one earlier tonight.
Cas arches his back, hence clenching around Dean, pulling deeper which seems impossible.
“We both know you wouldn’t do that Cassie. Come on. What’s the big deal? It’s JUST a trip.”
So that’s how he sounds. Dean licks his lips again. He let his eyes wonder over the smaller  frame.
After all, he is just afraid. He is afraid to confront that some certain person. He is afraid of what coming next. He is afraid of that intense look that melt him right away.
Cas loosens the grip and sits on the edge so that Dean is standing before him with his lustful eyes gazing down to meet his blues.
“Don’t worry honey. I will give what you wish. I am fucking you so hard that you can’t no longer swing that pretty ass.”
From the lips to the waistline, Dean’s breath is taken when he gaze down at his beautiful boyfriend looking up at him with wide blue eyes.
