With a defeated breath, Dean turned away from the bedroom door and headed to the kitchen instead. He grabbed his suit jacket off of the chair and draped it over his arm. He gathered his keys and wallet from the counter and called Jack's name on the way to the door. The heavy clomp of dress shoes filled the silence and Jack came rounding the corner with a bright, free smile. Dean watched it slowly fade as he came to a halt. His heart dropped as Jack looked around, searching for something that wasn't there.
"I can't." Cas' voice came out cold and determined, his body turning away from Dean.
"My point is," Dean said with a pointed look, "Cas is a really great guy and for some reason he likes to spend his time with me, in my shitty apartment, and he's nice enough to pack my damn lunch. Plus, he's great in the sack," he smirks. He doesn't mention that Cas is the only person on planet earth that Dean is comfortable sharing his every thought with without fear of being judged. He doesn't mention that when he is with Cas, the world doesn't feel as though it's caving in. He doesn't mention that before Cas, he was underweight for his height and age, and he had almost lost it when Cas praised him for looking healthier. No, he doesn't mention that, that's just for him.
He knew this game, Castiel loved this game. Watching and analyzing every single muscle in Dean's face and body so his next move would be perfect. So that he could take Dean apart piece by piece, meticulous and slow until Dean was crying for it. When Castiel did it, Dean felt cared for, looked after,
"Right," Dean looked down at his tray, trying to figure out what he would normally say. He blinked at his sandwich like it would give him the answer he needed. "I don't know, I just haven't been in the mood lately," he shrugged. He could see Benny and Charlie sharing a look in his peripheral but he didn't look up to see what that look was made of.
We're getting into the actual plot y'all, I'm almost scared to get into it, I hope it bodes as well as the smut has haha. Anyways, enjoy :)
"Thanks, Sammy. Fuck." He wiped a hand over his face and blew a shark breath out. "Enough about me, how's my niece?" He asked, taking a long sip of his beer.
"The cuffs, please Miss," he swallowed thickly, her lips curling with a smile.
"Cas," saying her name sends a warm thrill through his gut. "I'm really trying not to want you but It's getting really hard. I need you to tell me if you want me to leave or you don't want me too, because if you don't, I'll figure something out. I just can't keep pretending that I don't need you, that I don't miss you. I'll understand if it's been too long, or if you have someone else, I just have to try or I think I'll explode," he's rambling and he can't stop, the jitter is back in his bones.
"Cas, ow, somethings wrong!" She cried, shifting uncomfortably in her seat.
"Let's get you home, my drunk little koala," Dean chuckled, taking a tighter hold on Cas as he started to walk.
"I see that," Dean smiled, ruffling the boys hair. "Look at this beautiful mess. You know what a mess means, Jack?"
Dry cleaning feels like a task that will hang over his head until he forgets, so after his coffee, Dean goes to the bedroom to gather it up. It's sitting in the corner of the room where it had been since that night. The button up and the jacket are both wrinkled beyond belief and they smell like cigarettes. Dean rolls his eyes at them as he tosses them on the bed. The pants are a little bit better off, he shakes them out to get the legs to straighten out, and something hits his foot as he does so. He moves the pants and looks down, his chest seizing at the little stick of foil sitting on the carpet. The pants fall from his hands as he bends down to pick it up.
"You intimidate me," Dean whispered honestly. He could feel a puff of air against his neck as Castiel chuckled.
"Miss," he moaned, his mouth falling open again as his eyes closed. She smiled down at him, circling her hips to make his breath stutter some more. He pressed his head back against the pillows and she used the distraction to reach behind herself and press against the plug still inside of him. Dean gasped, his body automatically trying to curl in on itself as pleasure shot through him. She smirked from above him, her tongue dragging over her teeth. Dean wanted to roll his eyes back at the sight, so effortlessly sexy that he could barely breathe, but he didn't want to miss anything if he closed his eyes again.
The room was beautifully decorated. A crystal chandelier hanging in the middle, the carpet plush and snow white, two wide windows with delicate pink curtains. A tv that took up almost an entire wall. The bed was a queen, done up with expensive looking blankets, a girly girl's dream if it didn't also have a burly man aggressively taking everything he wanted from that girl. Dean very carefully stepped over to the man's clothes, sifting through them until he found a black handgun. Anna was whimpering behind a red ball gag, the cuffs on her wrists jingling with every shift of her body. Dean walked around to the other side of the bed, and cocked the gun, holding it to the back of the man's head.
"Hello?" He greeted in a neutral tone.
"Yeah." Sam took a deep breath and cleared his throat. "I asked her what she remembered about her, and the first thing she said was 'she sang real bad'." Sam laughed and Dean couldn't help but laugh along.
"Miranda!" Cas shouted, taking hold of the wheel with his left hand, keeping it from going over the side of the road.
"What are you talking about?" He asked, carefully leaning back under the hood. Bobby snorted, Dean could almost feel him rolling his eyes.
"Yes, because an empty room full of eighth graders won't be suspicious at all," Cas rolled his eyes with a fond smile as he fought his way out of deans grip. Dean groaned, rolling onto his side so he could prop himself up on his elbow and watch Castiel start to get dressed. Cas had fought for a pride week at the middle school, so he was wearing the colors of different flags on each day. Today was the bisexual flag, so he had on blue denim jeans, a pink shirt, and a purple belt. It looked atrocious but somehow he pulled it off. He wore a pin of the flag on his shirt, three threaded bracelets of each color, and the black and white converse he wore every day.
"No, no," Dean shook his head adamantly, lying with conviction as he looked towards the ground. "He's a really nice guy and he's really good to me when we're together, he's just really private about his life and I don't want to push him in case he stops wanting to see me."
"See? The kid is so attached to you he won't even let Cas hug him," Meg argued.
whatever 🙄
"Hi honey!"
"Fuck," he whispered. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, what do I do?"
Dean took a deep breath, looking down at himself as he silently panicked. He had opted to wear an oversized black tee shirt that fell beneath his black briefs, and a pair of black ankle socks. He didn't want to look like he tried too hard, but he wanted to look decent.
"But I'm here too, hey beautiful
His stomach dropped and his heart stuttered as as the past three days. Dean slipped the phone into his backpack with a click of his tongue, shoving it onto the passenger seat, right over the droplets of blood still staining the seat. The engine started with a little stutter, the wheel cold under the tight grip of his fingers, knuckles white all the way home. The car rattled over uneven parts of the road, his keys jingling from the ignition the only sound filling the car. He parked on the street and walked to the house with his eyes flicking over his shoulder every other second.
makes Dean's brain stutter, but he can't take it back.
Hello! Thank you so much for all the love on the first chapter, I really hope you enjoy this chapter just as much :)
"Serves him right for being gross with a young girl," Charlie shrugged. Dean stared down at his sandwich with furrowed eyebrows. His phone was burning in his pocket and he hated himself for wanting to text Castiel and ask him if he was okay. He wanted to ask if it was true about his sister and her teacher, if he's not just a mindless sociopath like every teacher and adult has tried to label him as.
"We've never been hurting for money," Cas shrugged.
"Yes ma'am," he tilts his head into her touch.
"The reason why you were ignoring my lecture is of no importance to me," she held her hand closer. Castiel rolled her eyes, handing her phone over with a glare.
and he has no business thinking about him.
Dean really wished it was
"So tone deaf," Sam huffed out the rest of his laughter before his face fell again. "She remembers that weekend we flew out to California for Mandy's fathers funeral. She remembers swimming at the hotel, playing games with Mandy in the room, going to the movie theatre. I showed her pictures from that trip and she stared at Mandy for the longest time before she looked up, smiled, and said, 'I'm glad I remember her'."
Dean glanced around the cafeteria again, trying to see if he somehow missed him again. He searched the student faces, looking for tufts of jet black hair, Arctic blue eyes, a devastating jawline that Dean likes to bite. He sees nothing.
"Not really, he just doesn't do the romance thing," Dean said.
"Fuck you," he spat to anyone and everyone around him before another piece of cloth was shoved into his mouth, tied behind his head.
The first picture was of Castiel laid out on that table, the man with the tweezers digging into his hip. He was screaming in the photo, his face twisted up and his mouth open wide.
"Go home, Dean. Get some sleep." Ash smiled at him tightly. Deans eyebrows furrowed, his teeth starting to hurt with how tight he was clenching them together.
"Fuck, what'd they give you," Dean gently gripped her chin, tilting her head up.
"There's no way he can stay with us? She abandoned him, isn't there something for that?" Dean asked, almost desperate, looking between cas and the doctor.
"Okay," Cas sighed, reeling in his emotions before they went inside.
Chapter notes: mild violence/wounds
"I'm a little hurt but if you can't come, it's okay. I just, I can't drive my car right now and my ride is a little busy," he said.
"Fuck, sorry, baby," Dean tilted his head down, watching blood prick up around the teeth marks embedded in his flesh.
"I was never expected to go to that." Cas crossed his arms over his chest, scooting backwards on the bed, his nails slowly scratching at his biceps.
Castiel loved it too. Dean got a phone call just minutes after he sent the picture with a message attached that simply said, "
"So, you want to tell me who it is you've been seeing?" Bobby asked with all of the nonchalance of someone asking about the weather. Dean dropped the wrench in his hand, banging his head against the hood in his haste to look up at his uncle. He took a second to not look like someone who had something to panic about.
"I don't know, all I know is that I have a handsome husband and an adorable little girl at home that I cannot wait to get back to," she smiled, the kind of smile that was so genuine and full of love that it was contagious and Cas found himself smiling too.
build," he rolled his eyes as he turned in Deans arms. "Are you kidding?" He wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and kissed him softly. "I love it. You did such an amazing job, I can't believe you built this," he whispered.
"Good man, have a good time," Bobby slapped his shoulder then replacing his hand on the steering wheel. Dean turned to Sam and saluted him.
Garth and Charlie are staring at his paper bag when he walks into the back office. He rolls his eyes, squeezing between them to snatch it out of the fridge.
"You better be
Cas rolled her eyes and exited out of their messages, clicking on another thread as another message popped up. The message on the top of the screen was from Anna. Castiel pulled it down to read it first.
"Pun intended?" She asked, tilting her head. Dean took a shuddering breath but his feet stayed planted in the floor. Castiel wanted to tease him some more but she was feeling impatient so she took mercy.
"You're sick," he whispered.
"We'll have to see what the CPS worker says. In the meantime, I'll get you three set up in a room where you can wait."
"Shit, you okay Cas?" Charlie asked as she helped her up.
"My face." His voice is wrecked. Castiel grabs Dean's hair with his left hand, and strips his cock with his right. He yanks Dean's head back, making him tilt his face up as he cums, painting Dean's rosy cheeks white. His breath stutters and his head thunks back against the wall as Dean wraps his lips around the head, sucking and milking every last drop onto his tongue. A shiver runs through him when the pleasure turns sensitive. Castiel picks his head off the wall, looking down at Dean, his mouth parted open, his eyes wide and directed up at cas, waiting and longing for instruction. His hands are obediently placed on his thighs, even though his dick is aching behind the confines of his jeans. Cas Swiss his fingers against Dean's face, gathering his own release then pushing it onto Dean's welcoming tongue. The boys eyes flutter shut when he swallows, something content settling on his face.
"You want me to suck you off?" She asks once her breath returns to her.
"What... What does that mean?" She asked in a whisper. Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat as he sat back down, placing his hands in his hair. The room was silent for a second as he regained control of his tongue.
"I don't know for sure. Michael said he didn't make it, but Dean, Michael isn't what I'd call a reliable source. Unless you see that body yourself, Castiel could very well still be alive," Ash rushed to reassure.
"Where are you going?" Cas asked from across the table. He and Meg had been in deep conversation about whatever show they were watching. Something with doctors and a soap drama type plot. Dean couldn't keep up if he tried.
Jack's sad face played on a loop in his head. His conversation with Sam played as a soundtrack to Jack's tearful eyes. Dean sighed, his head throbbed with a headache and his heart hurt more than he could stand. He wasn't sure what he had been doing wrong. What he had
"I know you Dean Winchester, something is upsetting you and if you don't tell me what it is, I will give you the silent treatment until you do," Charlie crossed her arms over his chest firmly.
"Fuck, ah!" Miranda's hands fell from the wheel to press against her stomach, the car lurching forward again as she pressed on the gas.
tags: violence; non-consensual touching; agnst
"Do you know how many times a person can be stabbed if you know
"Our story," Dean says, pulling something out of his shirt, connected to a thin silver chain.
Having her so far out of reach grates on his nerves for days. He refuses to touch Lisa and he snaps at everyone, it feels like backtracking.
"You have pretty eyes." Deans eyes squinted because that is surely not what he expected. He expected Castiel to say something like '
"Eh, I wouldn't mind," Benny raised an eyebrow, his face nonplussed but his eyes shining with the offer.
"Tucked into bed, yeah?" Cas teased.
"I love you." Cas wrapped his arm around deans waist, pressing his forehead to the back of his neck, curling around him.
"How are you?" Sam's face was doing that thing where he was trying to mask his concern but it was clearly given away by the furrow of his brow and the lines by his frowning mouth. Dean shrugged, running his knuckle against the condensation on his beer bottle. He tuned his ear upstairs, listening to Jack and Amy argue over what movie to watch.
"Yeah, you really can't huh?" He laughs a bit deliriously, "It's not your fault, I don't let you. You're not doing anything wrong, Lisa, it's me. It's my fucked up brain and my fucking itchy skin," he scratches at his arms like that is proving his point, but Lisa is still staring at him with confusion in her eyes. Dean sighs, dropping down onto the couch.
"Bed," she said, taking a step back. "On your back," she added as he stood on shaky legs, stumbling forward to the bed. He watched her with baited breath as she pulled her hair into a low ponytail then climbed up between his legs, her hands settling on the pillow beneath his head. She pressed her knee down between his knees, her thigh pressing hard against his crotch. Dean gasped, one hand flying down to grip the back of her thigh, his legs spreading a bit more on instinct.
"I'm right here," he shrugged, going for nonchalant as his eyes started scanning the room again.
"When I woke up, I was in Australia with literally nothing on me. It took awhile for me to contact Gabe, then it took forever to get back. By then I was just waiting for the FBI to do something. When Ash told me Chuck had you, I couldn't wait any longer," he said.
"I love you," Dean breathed, trying to push the words into Castiel's neck, sealing them with hurried, frenzied kisses. Castiel huffed a small laugh, his breath shaky against the side of Dean's head.
"Not your husband, sorry, my phone died," Dean's voice filtered through the speaker.
"Don't thank me, you all are always welcome here," Cas said, standing to walk them out.
"Noted," Dean said as he slipped into the driver's seat of the impala, the chill of the leather seeping through the thin material of his pajama pants. The engine started with a whine and he rattled in his seat as he drove away, rocking over uneven dirt. He put the phone on speaker and clicked on the location Castiel had texted to him. It appeared in Google maps as nothing but coordinates in the middle of nothing but dirt. Dean wanted to question it, but he decided to focus on driving and listening to the shaky inhales and exhales of Castiel's breathing through the phone.
Thank you so much for reading, as always Kudos and comments are welcome and appreciated. I hope you liked this chapter and I hope you stick around for more :)
She jerked her head up when his tongue teased at her entrance, curling her fingers around the hand on her stomach.
"I love it, you asshole," Cas said, voice shaky. Dean chuckled, wrapping his arms around Castiel's waist, holding him tightly. "I love it so much, and I love you," cas pulled his head back so he could press his lips to Dean's, kissing him hard and passionately.
"Yeah," he relinquishes control of the grill and heads inside, following the sound of laughter. Jess is standing by the counter, cutting olives in half while slowly sipping from a wine glass. Lisa is chopping romaine hearts and tossing them into a strainer to rinse. Dean passes without interrupting their conversation, grabbing two beers from the fridge.
Two nights before Dean has to go back to work and Cas has to go back to teaching, they sit down in the living room while Jack sleeps in his crib. Dean places his head in his hands and he's crying but Castiel isn't sure why. Cas sits behind him for a while, just laying his head on Deans back, waiting paitently until he's ready to share.
"Good boy." Dean's eyes slipped shut as Cas pressed his lips to his jaw, working light kissed along his jaw and down his neck. He sucked a line of bruises along his left collarbone, meticulous and biting until they were throbbing and sure to bruise. He dragged his teeth over them, soothing the pain with gentle licks and kisses. Dean shuddered when he finally pulled away, leaving behind raw skin. When Castiel was satisfied, he bit down Dean's left pec and wrapped his lips around his nipple, gently worrying the hardened bud with his teeth, making Dean's knees draw up with a gasp. Castiel hummed, pressing Dean's legs back down with a firm stare and a rough swipe of teeth. Dean cursed breathily, his fingers tightening around the pillow as Castiel switched sides to give attention to his other nipple. Dean laid his head back with a moan, his chest rising up against Cas' mouth.
There on the welcome mat was a car seat, and inside of that car seat was a sleeping baby.
"Dean." That voice was like metal on metal in his ears. He shut Jack's door before turning around to look at Meg. The front door shut behind her, her steps confident and comfortable like this was here house instead of his.
Cas fought his way to consciousness. His vision was completely blurred and tinged with red, his entire head felt terrible heavy, his body trembling and shaking from what he assumed was cold. It was so cold. The red in his vision was blood, it stained his fingers when he touched his forehead and drew his hands back. He rubbed at his eyes with dirt smeared hands until his vision become more clear.
"What movie do you think papa will want to watch?" Jack asked through a mouthful of chocolate chip cookie, the last of the three Sam gave him.
"I'll see if there's someone available in pediatrics that can take a look," she said softly.
"He doesn't need a ticket, he's in the play," Dean pointed out gently. "Cas, please don't do this." Dean dropped to his knees beside the bed, his stomach at his feet with the dread slowly clawing its way from his throat down. "Jack was so excited because he thought you were going. It's only an hour and we'll come straight back home. Please, Cas, you can do it, just, please." Cas was avoiding his eyes. Dean tilted his head, trying to catch his eyes, but it was already a lost cause.
"You all done, buddy?" Dean asked once Jack had finished chugging down the rest of his apple juice.
"I know. Mrs. Harvelle can get you out of detention for cheer, Mrs. Rodgers has a crush on Bobby so I'll make him talk to her about Anna, and don't worry about Lisa, if we ignore her long enough she'll get over it," Dean comforted as he ran his palm up and down Cas' back.
She looks almost the same. Four years later and she is just as beautiful. Her black hair fell down to her shoulder blades, pinned back because she hates it in her face, naturally wavy with a little product. Her eyes still make his heart stutter, worsened tonight but the shock and the guilt. They peer into him, reading his every thought, understanding his every emotion before he even feels them. He can’t bring himself to look away, all he can do is hope that he doesn’t look as shocked as he feels.
"Just fucking say that next time," she pulled the cash from her wallet and held it just out of reach. "What are the weed rules?" She raised an eyebrow.
"Shit," she blew a breath out of her mouth. "You think he's okay?"
"Am I not doing that?" Castiel asked, grinding his hips again, his nail dragging over Dean's nipple, making the boys thighs shake where they're clenching around Castiel's waist.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We should make the sugar popcorn for papa, that's his favorite right?" Jack asked as Dean unlocked the door.
"Do you think Chuck found out that Castiel had this drive?" Dean asked.
"Yes, Miss," he nodded in understanding, pulling a bit at his restraints as she rose up on her knees. She reached into their box for a condom and lube. She slid the condom onto him and slicked him up. His mouth fell open as she sunk down onto him, his teeth clamping down on his bottom lip as he focused on trying not to buck his hips. He gripped the chains connected to the cuffs, trying to ground himself as her heat completely enveloped him.
"You think I don't know that?" Dean shouted, immediately turning his head down. Sam glanced up at the kids, giving them reassuring smiled and a thumbs up. Amy turned with a shrug but Jack stared at his dad for a moment longer before slowly turning back. Dean looked up slowly, tears running down his cheeks. "I'll schedule him another appointment with Dr. Gomez," he said. Sam surrendered, moving the conversation to Jack's upcoming 8th birthday. Amy was 10 kinds of excited because Jack's birthday meant that hers was only a week away. Sam started talking about how big they were getting, two 8 year olds, and Dean welcomed the change in topic. This was something he could do. He could be a father with one hand tied behind his back and his eyes closed.
"How can we get papa to smile like that lady did?" He asked in a soft, tentative voice. Dean's face fell carefully blank, his eyes filling up with tears. He opened his eyes wider, trying desperately not to let his tears fall. He looked down at Jack's lap, blowing out a quiet breath. How could he answer such a question?
Lisa and Jess polish off a bottle and a half of wine, giggling and bantering all through dinner. Dean switches to whiskey at one point and manages to smile and laugh after one glass. He's almost proud when Sam stops throwing hidden glances his way. He's almost proud that he has masked his emotions well enough that Sam thinks he's had a great time. He argues when Sam says the hamburgers are too spicy, banters when Lisa agrees, and high fives Jess when she says they're perfect. They wave them away with leftovers and the promise of doing it against soon.
"You're so lucky he's okay," he heard Bobby say.
"Where you goin'?" He asked as Sam shoved his feet into his sneakers, nearly toppling over twice.
"Shit, Cas, harder," he whispered against the mans lips, breathing hard. Cas tugged on his hair as he pulled out, guiding Dean onto his hands and knees. He gripped Dean's hips and started up a fast, relentless pace. Dean hung his head with a loud moan, spreading his knees a bit more. Cas adjusted a few times until Dean cried out, and Cas nodded to himself, thrusting hard at that angle, watching Dean fall apart. He ran his hands along Dean's back and over his hips, throwing praising compliments into the air. Dean came with a full body shiver, his chest falling to the bed, his moans muffled in the pillow. His legs shook with the overstimulation of Cas chasing his own high. When Cas came, it was with a deep groan, cut off by a moan, his fingers digging hard into Dean's hips.
"I know," was Castiel's response. Dean turned to the other boy and held a hand out. Castiel took it without hesitation, squeezing gently.
"You back with me?" She asks softly, all of her attention back on him. He blinks a few times, his head heavy. "Come up here, stretch your legs out," she scoots forward on the couch, moving the blanket off of him so it's easier to help him up. He wobbles a bit, unsteady, but her hands guide him down to the couch. She makes him bend his legs up and down, gently massaging them.
"I, I don't think so. No one was behind me on the dirt roads," Dean said, swallowing down the lump in his throat. "Are you Ash?"
"Please, please," he doesn't know who he is begging to, but the pleas come tumbling from his lips anyways, a mantra that he can't control. "Please, pl-" a deep whine cuts him off and his hips stutter as his orgasm suddenly washes over him. He stuffs his face into the bed, the gum right beneath his nose, nothing but Peach filling his senses. She's right there when he closes his eyes, praising him, helping him down from his high with gentle hands and soft kisses. It's the best orgasm he has had in months, and the thought alone sends him into a spiral.
"He called me a twink, that's why I punched him. I fucking hate that," Dean said, breathing shakily as he gripped Castiel's belt loops, his back arching off of the wall.
"That's enough ladies. Lisa, you do something like that again I'll have to switch you to the back," Coach Harvell warned. Lisa clenched her teeth, but nodded. "Alright. Let's run it again." Cas shook her head, stepping back between the three girls. They started counting again and Cas twisted in the air and landed safely in their arms, continuing onto the flip.
"Okay," Dean drew out the word, looking towards the floor for a second. "I can talk to her if you want," Cas scoffed as she stepped into the elevator, half expecting Dean to follow her. He stood just outside of it, his eyes flicking between hers and anywhere but hers. "Or I can just leave you alone. I'm not trying to like, be pushy or anything, I get it if you're not interested."
"The fact that you never gave me your history notes," Charlie rolled her eyes, getting up from the table and dragging Dean up with her. She excused them from their friends and tugged him out of the cafeteria, into the empty hallway. She pulled him into a quiet corridor and gave him a firm look.
, I remember. Are you coming? I miss you."
He used the key for the door, walking in slowly. The room was dark, so Dean reached for the light, assuming he'd gotten there first, he'd always gotten there first. Before his hand could touch the switch, there was an arm stretching across his chest, pressing him to the door, something cold and hard pressing under his jaw, the familiar cold, hard metal of a gun.
"Got it," he pulled back to say, "anything else," he asked, kissing at her thighs again.
"Garth, I need your toothpick arms!" Bobby yelled from somewhere outside in the garage. Garth shot them both finger guns, and Charlie grabbed an apple from the fridge before following them.
That is not Dean. Dean Winchester has had plenty of one night stands and gladly never spoke to them again. Although none of them have ever made Dean cum twice, untouched at that. None of them have called him a "good little slut" either.
"Prove it. Castiel said Dean had a birthmark on his hip," the guy said. Dean carefully lifted his shirt and the light flicked on so the guy could examine him. Dean stayed pressed to the door as the guy drew away, running a hand through grown out, dirty blonde hair. "Sorry about that, just had to be sure. You weren't followed were you?" He asked.
"Well she certainly acts like a jealous girlfriend," Cas rolled her eyes as she jabbed her finger into the elevator button.
"So?" She questioned with a careless shrug. Jo looked up with a scoff.
"Gabriel, you ruin all the fun," Meg rolled her eyes.
"Jack, please go to your room," Dean said calmly, his eyes narrowed in Meg.
"Because I have a life already. I have a girlfriend inside right now prepping a stupid side salad with a very carefully picked out dressing. I have a house and a dog, and I'm being the dutiful man of the house by cooking burgers. It doesn't change shit, Sam," he said, turning away from Sam and back towards the barbeque. "This is what I’m supposed to be, this is what I’m supposed to do, so, just, leave it alone," he added with a stubborn flare.
"It was an accident!" Dean relaxed in his chair a bit as they fell into an easy rotation of banter and light conversation. Meg took the stage twenty minutes into their arrival and began talking about tonight's purpose. She was raising money for the local LGBTQIA community, specifically geared towards mental health resources. She looked very passionate as she spoke, and Dean clapped when she finished. There were a number of people lined up to speak, half advocates and the other half teens from the community itself.
“I’m so sorry, Cas, I shouldn’t have neglected our relationship like I did. I was distracted and arrogant, and I stupidly thought that you’d always be there. You were always there for me and I was never there for you,” he whispered, meeting her thumb with his own, gently pressing them together.
"Why wouldn't it be real?" Cas asked in a hushed whisper.
Charlie dragged him out to the living room, where he struggled to keep his drink in his cup amongst the swaying bodies. Dean isn't surprised that Lisa attracted this many people. With absent, wealthy parents, and a popular role on the cheer squad, Lisa is prime party throwing material.
There was a squeal of tires, and the slide of a door and Dean barely got the gun from his waist when a hand clamped over his mouth. The gun fell from his hand, clattering to the asphalt as the engine of the van idled. There was one man behind him, an arm around his stomach, a hand over his mouth. Another man crouched inside of the van, holding the door open, trying to grab at Dean's flailing legs. Dean kicked at the air, managing to plant his foot at the top of the door. He bent his leg, then pushed back as hard as he could. The guy around him stumbled, crashing back into Bobby's car. Dean distantly heard the glass of the window shatter. Dean drew his hand back, weaving into the guys hair as he tilted his head and bit down on his ear. There was a pained grunt and the metallic taste of blood in Dean's mouth. Someone shouted something that Dean couldn't hear over the beating of his own heart. He looked up, but the barrel of a gun was slamming down onto his forehead and he was thrown off the edge of orientation. His vision blurred and his limbs went haywire trying as hard as his brain would allow them to fight. There were too many hands now, gripping his legs and his arms, squeezing and tugging until he felt the hard metal of the van's floor.
Dean was practically suffocating the entire time because Mark insisted on missionary style but barely held his weight up. His thrusts were shallow and about a state and a half away from his prostate. Then, when he came, he stopped. He rolled off of Dean, which was a relief to his lungs, but he didn't have the decency to see if Dean himself got off.
"Lie down, honey," she pats her thigh and the strings are cut. He drops his head onto her thigh, his breath leaving him in one solid exhale. "You just sit there and breathe for me, okay? There is absolutely nothing else you need to do except sit here and be my good boy," her hands were in his hair, scratching gently at his scalp. A soft whine leaves him before he can stop it, he wiggles a bit to get comfortable, then his eyes close and it's easy to focus on her touch. The smell of citrus and firewood wraps around him almost as heavy and comforting as the blanket.
"Where are you going?" Dean asked as he sat up slowly in the bed, watching Lisa gather her wallet and purse.
"Okay, says the guy who fed his dog chocolate yesterday," Sam said.
"He's in the living room with Meg, cracking up at something on the tv. They've done all kinds of things." Bitterness was seeping into his tone and he honestly couldn't care less. "They went to the mall, they went to the Aquarium, they even went to a fucking bar last night. Meg has done more with my husband in the past two days than I've done with him in 2 years. And was I invited to any of these outings? Nope. I-" Dean looses his breath for a moment, cutting himself off with a gasping inhale. "Sam, what was I doing wrong?" His voice turns to a whisper as an unbearable heat filled his eyes. "What
"Thank you so much for seeing us," Castiel said as he shook the woman's hand.
"So?" He asked, flicking his eyes between the. Benny had a similar smirk on his lips, but it faltered a bit with the furrow of his eyebrows.
"Yes," he pulled Dean back up to his feet, grabbed the front of his shirt, and smashed their lips together. Dean couldn't stop smiling as he slipped the ring onto Castiel's finger.
"Cas never liked the violent side of his fathers business, and I fucking hated what we did. I always have. Cas did what he was told because if he didn't Chuck would beat him or... or he'd made cas watch him beat one of the other kids. Usually Anna, Castiel always had a soft spot for Anna."
"Ok, ok, you worry wart," she chuckled as she slowed the car, turning to the side of the road. "Ah!" She shouted, the car jerking as her foot pressed down in the gas petal. Cas slapped his hand against the dashboard to steady himself. A car swooshed past theirs as Miranda straightened the car.
"Don't make me cum, I'm not done with you," Castiel pulled Dean's hand off of him and silenced his whine with a look. "Mouth," he said. Dean wrapped his lips around the tip of Cas' cock and swirled his tongue as Castiel's hand went back into his hair. He pushed Dean down until he knew he was about to reach his throat, then he stopped.
"Ha! That is so true. This is why you're the planner, Cas," she said.
"Said I wasn't helping in his recovery," he relayed.
"No, the girl didn't want to press charges, but that's one of the guys that Castiel sent to the hospital. I guess the car wasn't the main event," he said.
After a few minutes, just as she was going to tell him he can come up now, he moved his other hand from her thigh and pressed his thumb and pointer finger to either side of her clit, then started licking from side to side. Cas gasped, her stomach clenching and fluttering with pleasure, her thighs trying to clench around him.
Chapter number six, I hope you enjoy, if there is any mistakes please blame the hangover or the exhaustion. Your choice haha. Thank you for the continuous love on this fic, I hope you enjoy this chapter :)
Dean was coming down from an adrenaline high after the basketball team won against the other high school, jogging lightly towards the locker room. He was stopped by a hand around his wrist, pulling him back, making him stumble slightly. When he looked up, the boy from the party was smiling cockily at him, his hand still around his wrist.
"I don't know what to do, Sammy," he whispered, desperately clutching the counter with his free hand.
Deans head tilts up to the sun, the breeze fanning over his face. His eyes are squinted even through the sunglasses propped on the sun kissed bridge of his nose. His skin is warm, his lips curled in a constant smile.
"Have a good time at Kevin's," he said.
"He does. I think it killed him a little when he realized Jack wasn't keen on the whole thing. He likes fishing but only because it's with Dean, he likes the flowers and the s'mores more than anything." Cas gripped the door a little harder when the car jostled.
When Dean looked to his left, he could see Bobby, waving his hands angrily as he yelled at Castiel. Castiel is just standing there taking it, bowing his head and nodding. Dean takes a second to remember that Castiel is alive. Alive. Alive.
"Just, um, having a rough time with anxiety. Too many people, too much noise, I was feeling a bit out of body," he explained, unable to look away from her. He was afraid to look anywhere other than her eyes but he couldn't help looking down at her dress. It was a silk, a deep emerald green, reaching down to the floor. There was a slit at the right side, draped open around one leg. He had to look away when he got there, that guilt twisting in his gut again. She was watching him still, and his cheeks flared up under the attention. "I wouldn't have expected to see you here," he said, trying not to flat out ask 'what the hell are you doing here?'.
"Shouldn't I take you to a hospital?" Dean asked, looking down at Castiel's covered wound.
"Of course, I'm so sorry it has to be under these circumstances," she smiled softly as she looked down at Jack. "Please, follow me."
"Alright," Dean took another deep breath. "I've been seeing Castiel Novak." Charlie's eyes widened and she opened her mouth with an inhale of breath but managed to bite her tongue and nod for him to keep going, even though she looked like she wanted to scream. "It started over three months ago. He gave me his number, I texted him to come over, we slept together and I thought that would be that. It wasn't, obviously." Charlie rolled her eyes and shrugged as if repeating
"Oh, baby, I'm so sorry. Never again, pet." He cupped either side of Dean's head and slowly grinded forward. A tear fell from Dean's eyes, he's not sure if it is was from the pressure or the emotion, but he doesn't try to wipe it away. He brings his hands up to Cas' hips, fingernails digging into the flesh of his ass, encouraging him to push forward.
"You have juice or anything downstairs? You need to drink something," Castiel asked, his hands running soothingly from Dean's knees down his still trembling thighs.
"Me sleeping with Dean has nothing to do with you. I apologize for the cafeteria, but I don't owe you an apology for sleeping with him at comp week. Or the date we went on afterwards, or the blowjob I gave him after our date. And Coach Harvelle didn't threaten your position on the team, she threatened your position during that part of the routine. Get over yourself Lisa," cas shoved her hand off of her wrist and turned to walk away.
"Bye Cas!" They turned back to wave at him with identical wide smiles.
"Kevin's. His dads letting us shoot the BB gun in the yard again," he said with a lopsided smile.
"Okay," he pushed out a breath and steeled himself. "I'm invoking rule number 1 of the friendship code," he said. "I'll tell you everything but you have to wait until I'm done, you can't judge me, and you can't tell anyone," he held out his pinkie and she promptly linked hers with his. They kissed their hands and shook their pinkies once before releasing.
"Don't be," he looked up at the ceiling, taking a deep, steadying breath. It's his fault. His fault for falling in love with Castiel. Nevertheless, he'd do it again if he could.
Megs voice shouts in the background, followed by a laugh from Castiel.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean moaned, his nose pressed into her neck, his hips stuttering. She tilted her head down and kissed at his neck as she clenched around him, her belly quivering.
"I have nothing to apologize for," she said.
"Come on, Cas. Please. Fuck me harder, faster, please," Dean's cheeks darkened some more.
Castiel licked up the filling across his chest, then repeated his process on Dean's other nipple, abusing the hard bud with his teeth, then licking it softly to soothe the ache. He sucked a few bruises into that side, then leaned away. Dean whined, his eyes fluttering then settling again.
"Why don't you stay up there? Leave in the morning," Dean suggested, tugging Cas around once he'd set the timer for the pie. He gripped the mans hips and lifted him onto the counter, moving in between his legs.
"Bad, bad idea," he groaned, throwing his head back and debating on when would be the appropriate time to give up and go to bed.
"Yeah, that sounds nice," cas smiled, nudging their nose against deans, leaning up to kiss his lips again.
"Ha. Ha," Dean rolled his eyes. " I'm serious though, do you think we should move? We can certainly afford at least a two bedroom," Dean said.
"My what?" He asked. Dean whined, grinding erratically on Castiel's thigh.
"And what?" Cas asked, biting the inside of her cheek.
Castiel came back a minute later with a glass half full of orange juice and a straw. He had Dean sit up and drink the whole thing before he let him lay back down.
"Call me if you need anything," he whispered just before shutting off the lights. "I love you," he said, hand on the doorknob. He was met with silence, so he shut the door with a barely audible click. His hand froze on the doorknob, his eyes falling shut as he waited in the daunting silence. What he was waiting for, he wasn't sure. He thought there must be something more. Something more to do, to say, but he was supported only with silence and cold darkness. You can't argue with darkness, it won't respond.
"You ready, pet?" Castiel whispered, dropping the lube by Dean's hip.
"I love you too, Cas," Dean whispered between breathless kisses. Castiel sniffled as he pulled away, holding the photo album tightly against his chest.
"Thank you, you're the best," Castiel blew her a kiss as she closed the door. She locked it and walked back to the bed, throwing one of the condoms at Dean, keeping one of the lube packet and dropping the rest. Dean slipped his boxers off and ripped the condom packet open. Castiel crawled onto the bed and straddled Dean's thighs as he rolled the condom on. She slicked him up with the lube and braced one hand against his chest, holding him still with the other as she sank down onto him.
They made love again in room 314 that night. Dean had new bruises the next morning that made him feel alive again when he touched them, remembering every squeeze and tug of Castiel's hands. They laid wrapped up in each other arms, gentle fingers tracing healed scars, never retelling the story behind them, just acknowledging their presence, acknowledging their importance.
"I'm so sorry, Lisa," his chest hiccuped.
"Where are you? I," he looked out of the window at the impala, thankfully parked on the street. "Text me the location, okay? I'll be there as soon as I can," Dean jammed his feet into his sneakers and snatched his keys from his dresser. He opted for the window rather than risking the front door. "Hang on, I have to put my phone in my pocket but don't hang up," he said. Castiel gave a grunt of acknowledgement so Dean took it as his answer. He shoved his phone into his pocket and slid the window open. He stepped out onto the ledge and braced his hands against the big oaktree outside of his window. He carefully lowered his window with his foot, then started climbing down the tree, landing softly in the grass. He scraped his leg once, but it didn't hurt, so he dusted himself off and silently walked around the house. He opted to run through the junkyard rather than go down the gravel driveway. When he was a safe ways away, he pulled his phone from his pocket and called Castiel's name.
"Um, no, not tonight." Dean turned back around, worrying his bottom lip as his nails dug into the underside of the counter.
"You want to build a sandcastle with me, daddy?" Jack asked, taking ahold of Dean's hand, his smaller fingers curling around Dean's palm.
kudos and comments are always appreciated. Thank you for reading, last chapter will be up tomorrow :)
Again, thank you for the love on the last chapter, hope you enjoy this one :)
is, and it's starting to freak him out.
"I wasn't aware of any plans tonight," Castiel said.
"Good evening, everyone, my name is Castiel,"
When he turned back around, Anna was still slumped in the rocking chair, staring blankly at the floor.
"I love you too!" Castiel yelled back before the apartment door shut. Dean smiled to himself as crawled up the bed and buried his face in Castiel's pillow. He breathed in deep, an intoxicatingly warm feeling settling low in his belly. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the warmth for a second before forcing himself to get up.
One more chapter after this to tie up loose ends :)
Dean relaxed in his seat as he grabbed the brown paper bag and peered inside again. A little smiled stretched across his face as he pulled out a sandwich bag full of grape tomatoes and cut up cucumber. There a note attached that read,
of their guys, they'll know something is up. They watched Meg pull that little stunt in your house, they heard what she said."
"I just want to say I don't like the fact that you can apparently talk to my eyebrows," she began, making Dean laugh against her hair. "As for what's going on, Lisa's on my last damn nerve, I got my phone taken because my siblings were blowing me up with their problems, I have to somehow convince Mrs. Rodgers to let Anna retake her history exam, I got detention for being late because Lisa was holding me hostage in the hall trying to get me to apologize for sleeping with you, and I haven't seen my boyfriend all day," cas ranted, huffing at the end.
mrs. Rogers
Thank you for reading :) maybe leave kudos or a comment? <3
"Give it to me, baby." Dean gasped as another orgasm was ripped from him, his stomach clenching over and over as he spilled between them. Castiel smiled against his lips, pumping his fingers slowly until Dean pushed him away with a sensitive little whimper. Cas leaned up, biting his lip as he took Dean in, completely fucked out with an exhausted look on his reddened face, cum and saliva cooling on his belly, hole puffy and red and leaking.
"I, wha-what?" Dean stuttered, his body freezing, head swimming to catch up through the bleary haze of lust and desire. Castiel didn't look angry, but there was a gleam in his eyes that Dean couldn't decipher the meaning of.
He wasn't.
"I should get going, I gotta feed the dogs," Benny grunted as he rolled off of the couch, stretching his arms over his head with a dramatic groan.
"I used them! I used them to make myself cum. Please, please touch me," he begged, his fingers clenching into the sheets, his forehead digging into his forearm. He sighed in relief as Castiel put his hands back on him. His tongue lapped slowly at his hole, his thumb pressed between his balls and his hole, rubbing a small circle against his perineum. The tips of his fingers teased at the base of his cock, the slightest ghost of a touch that made Dean whine for more. Castiel's tongue stiffened, the tip pressing into his hole. Dean inhaled sharply as Castiel's tongue started fucking into him, his thumb pressing a bit harder against his perineum.
"While I do enjoy instilling fear in those who claim to be unafraid, I do have plans for you, so I'll leave you untouched for the time being. I just wanted to meet the boy my son was so hell bent on protecting. It's not everyday a Novak boy puts a claim on someone." Deans eyebrows furrowed despite himself and Chuck made a delightedly surprised face. "But you didn't know that," he chuckled as he leaned back in his chair. "You see, the only reason we've run so well for all these years, is because we have rules. Very delicate, very important rules. Castiel," Chuck shook his head, tsking, "I was too soft on Castiel, I grew too attached, which is something I pride myself in never doing. Castiel, he showed so much promise, I never would have guessed he'd be the one to throw everything off balance. Such a shame, I looked at him as my own-"
"Don't leave me, Cas," she whispered. Dean pressed his teeth together as he gripped the doorknob and turned it carefully. The moment he pushed it open, his caught on someone else's. Their eyes widened in surprise and confusion, and where they hesitated, Dean didn't.
"Good. Fuck, Dean, so good for me. Can you take a little more?" Castiel asked. Dean shook his head as he pulled off, coughing wetly.
The hotel parking lot was completely full, so Dean parked across the street and jogged up to the front door with the note and the drive safely tucked into his pocket. The woman at the front desk, who was always there when Dean showed up, look up at him with a familiar smile. She held out the key for him and Dean thanked her with his usual politeness.
"Maybe." Cas didn't look at him when he answered so Dean took it as a no. He nodded his head and pushed away from the counter.
"You can say that again." Sam sighed, pushing off of the counter and jerking his head to the left. "C'mon, we'll watch some tv while the kids play." He grabbed two more beers from the fridge before leading the way to the living room.
"Are you going to cum for me, doll?" Castiel asked, his hips never stopping their relentless pace.
"It felt so good, Miss," he whispered.
"I will, baby, and I'll even let you pick how. Do you want me to ride you, or do you want me to fuck you?" Dean looked down at her with wide eyes, his lips parted wide. Dean loves when Miss rides him, she doesn't do it a lot because it's not her favorite, so when she offers, he doesn't refuse.
"Hi, honey," cas smiled, his head tilted and his eyes drooping.
"Melanie."
" Sam replied.
"Hello, honeybee!" Cas greeted chirpily, stepping forward with his hands outstretched for Jack. The boy backed away, closing his body down.
every single child, teen, and adult that Chuck ever took. The dude sure loves his photos," Ash ran his hand over his face, digging his fingers into his eyes.
"Yeah, don't do that in front of my sister," Jess said with a soft laugh. Sam rolled his eyes and gesticulated.
"So, what is it? Stage fright? You've been offstage for over a year, there are bound to be some kinks while you find your rhythm again," she said.
Everything was good for a moment then.
"That's the goal," cas nodded.
got it. Old neighbor lady wants to call the cops
"Be nice? Trust me, I'm being as nice as humanly possible," he said.
"Hush, we'll shower in a bit," he said, pulling Dean down to lay against his chest. Dean grabbed the plate of pie and set it on Castiel's stomach, picking up one of the cherries and popping it onto his tongue with a satisfied smile. Castiel watched with raised eyebrows, rolling his eyes when Dean dramatically licked his fingers.
"Don't make promises you can't keep, hon," she chuckled wetly. "Listen, while I can still talk, I need you to pull up your voice memos. Let me leave something for Sam and Amy," she said.
"Alright. Yeah. I gotta finish cooking dinner, but, I'll head over around 6:30," he said.
"We just have to love papa like papa loves us, and he'll be smiling on the inside, even if he doesn't on the outside," Dean said. He knew his answer didn't satisfy Jack, the furrow in his brow was still there and his lips were curled in a frown.
"Why haven't you given it to them yet?" Dean asked.
"I think," Chuck leaned in to whisper in his ear. "I'll take an apology from right back here," he said, his hands dipping lower. "But I am not a monster, so I'll have Michael get you ready for me while I attend to some other business," Chuck slapped his ass once, then left the room.
"That was because you were slut shaming Meg," cas argued.
Also, I know Jack's eyes aren't green, but... Dean's are so Jack's are too now...
"When will papa feel better, daddy?" Jack asked, sliding his little hand into deans and squeezing.
"Are you about to kiss me or do I need to put my glasses back on?" Cas whispered, slightly teasing but more so out of breath. Dean huffed a laugh, Castiel's mouth twitching up before he was leaning down and pressing their mouths together. Castiel's hands came up to deans hips, their fingers clenching around his tee shirt, pulling him in closer. Dean ran his thumb over Cas' cheek, and they pulled away with a hiss.
"Good. Scram," she handed the five dollars to her brother and continued out to the courtyard. She found an empty, quiet spot under a tree and plopped down with a frustrated sigh. She pressed her back against the tree and looked up at the sky as she tried not to let her breath waiver.
"Your makeup is so pretty, I wish I could do my makeup like that. I practice on my boyfriend sometimes but he gets all grumpy from the brushes," he heard Cas ramble to the girls, an adoring smile making his lips twitch.
"Then what is it, bub?" She leaned against the wall beside him and they sank down to the floor together. Dean stared down at his lap, his head beginning to swirl with an oncoming headache and the build up of frustrated tears that he's been holding back all week.
"I know right? So inconsiderate," Castiel chuckled. He wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders, his fingers tangling in Dean's hair.
"Oh trust me, I won't" he doesn't wait for the boy's response, just closes the door and shrugs on his jacket as he makes his way back downstairs. There's two girls smoking a joint on the stairs and a group of boys at the end talking about the upcoming basketball game.
"Dean." Sam straightened his shoulders, his eyes softening. Dean couldn't stand to look at it so he stared down at his beer bottle. "You know that's bullshit, right? Cas wouldn't have gotten through those first few months without you. Cas probably wouldn't have even walked away from the accident without you. Jack too. If you need space, take it. You can come stay with me, you know Amy and Jack would love that, but don't you dare think less of yourself because of what a stranger said." Sam paused, letting a bit of the silence gear him up for his next question. "How do you think Cas will do with that space?"
It feels like a longshot, and if he is wrong he just might crack completely, but he pulls into the apartment complex with practiced ease. His feet carry him in a shuffle down the path, his fingers twitching on their own accord. He knocks on the door with rushed fervor, and nearly falls to his knees when it swings open and she's standing there, in front of him.
"Um, nothing. Sorry, what were we talking about?" Dean shook his head, rubbing his hand over his face. His temples were starting to throb.
"Good, cause I'll be back for dinner tomorrow," Benny said with a food drunk smile.
"Okay," he swallowed an argument, "thanks for telling me this Ash, I appreciate it," he said.
"Yeah, baby? Nothing but a little hole for me to fuck?" Castiel grunted, biting down on Dean's shoulder.
He physically bites his tongue so he wouldn't say it.
"What do you mean?" Dean asked, keeping his voice steady.
Then Castiel took one look at Meg and suddenly his world had color again. Dean is trying so hard not to let that break his heart. Dean is trying to enjoy the fact that Castiel is back to himself, but it's overshadowed by the immense fear that he'll slide right back into bed the moment Meg leaves. And Dean will go back to waiting on him hand and foot, loving instead of helping.
"Yeah," he said, trying for nonchalance as his skin begged him to turn around and seek shelter. There was a gravelly chuckle somewhere near his neck, a warm breath floating by his ear.
"Step away from him Michael," the blonde said, pointing a gun in their direction. Michael's touch slowly left Dean's body and the blonde advanced forward. He kicked the cart out of the way and pulled a pair of handcuffs from his back pocket. He bound Michael's hands, then started working Dean's restraints off. Dean fell with a pained grunt. The blonde carefully lowered Dean to the ground, cautious of his wounds.
"Good, proud of you," Bobby gave him a small smile over his shoulder and Dean returned it as best he could. Sam was walking down the stairs when Dean was walking up, and he ruffled the boys hair.
Another agent came in half an hour later. Dean told her everything he knew, leaving out the blissful three months that he spent in room 314 learning every inch of Castiel's body, memorizing every dimple and mole, mapping out every scar with gentle kisses. Castiel learning every inch of him. Castiel spending a full hour counting Dean's freckles. Castiel's honey soaked voice calling Dean "pet" and "doll" with so much adoration and care that it made Dean's heart feel so full he'd thought it'd explode.
"Alright, I'll back off, but I want you to know that there is nothing more important than your well being and your happiness," Sam said. "With that being said, let me take over while you go grab me a beer because I am not stepping into that house again before those girls have at least a full glass of wine. They're mean when they're together," Sam shivers dramatically as he takes the spatula from Dean's hand. Dean chuckled and the tension in his shoulders relaxed with the change in topic.
"But my name is on the birth certificate," Dean said, his stomach clenching.
"Meg, please, you don't have to do this," he whispered. "You didn't deserve this, Hannah."
"Oh you haven't seen anything yet, my dear. I've never been too intrigued by boys but I can see why Castiel was allured by you." Dean tilted his head away when Chuck reached out for him. The man gripped his jaw and pulled him close. Dean breathed hard, refusing to look away from the man's eyes. "I might just have to rearrange some of our plans later, appreciate your beauty a bit before I destroy it," Chuck whispered, lips ghosting over Dean's. Dean recoiled back when Chuck released his chin, his lip trembling. Chuck laughed softly, standing up from his chair, gesturing for Michael to pick it up again.
Dean woke with a start, his heart racing and his forehead clammy with sweat. He looks around, trying to figure out what woke him, but all he sees is darkness and the opening title to Frozen 2.
"Mr. Novak?" The nurse that helped them caught their attention after about twenty minutes. Cas stood up first, approaching the nurse and the doctor she was standing next to.
"No problem! If you two don't get married I'm giving up on love," they laughed as they started to way away.
"What can I do? I can't just sit and do nothing," Dean said, something eager and helpless trickling into his tone. Ash shook his head, sighing at the mountain papers surrounding them.
Sam and Jess showed up as he was flipping the first batch and popping open his second beer.
"Good. I passed my geometry quiz. Got an A," he said with a convincing smile as he hovered near the bottom of the stairs.
"I love you too," Dean replied, smacking Castiel's ass as he turned to walk away. Cas threw an unheated glare over his shoulder as he walked out to meet Miranda at the car.
"Maybe I'll drape myself over the hood, put the pie filling on my stomach, make you lick it off," Castiel said as he ran his fingers through his hair, deciding to just leave it.
"Is it real?" Dean asked, slowly approaching the door.
"Poor Dean, can't get good dick to save his life" Charlie pouted at him. Dean rolled his eyes, shoving her shoulder.
"I'm sorry bub, maybe next time," Charlie patted his thigh sympathetically. Dean sighed wistfully into the air, tilting his head up towards the sky.
"What's wrong?"
When Dean was finally out of his head, Lisa Braeden wiggled herself between Lena, the beautiful black girl switching between tilting her head back to kiss Dean and leaning forward to kiss Charlie. Lisa tugged Dean back until he released his hold on Charlie, and slipped her arms around his neck to claim his mouth with her own. She tasted like Vodka, sharp and bitter compared to Lena's lemonade sweet tongue and Charlie's cranberry coated lips. Dean allowed her to kiss him, pulling away a few times to chug from his cup, swapping the taste of vodka between their tongues. He gripped her hips, sliding down to cup her ass, pulling her into him, trying to let the vodka steer the show. He wasn't going to sleep with her, her lips were nice and soft but her hands were too delicate. They were gentle on his waist, sliding over the places where he had had bruises from Castiel's hands.
"My baby!" Cas giggled as he threw himself at Dean, wrapping his arms around the mans shoulders and his legs around his waist. Dean held him with one arm under his butt, hanging up his phone with the other.
When he came to, Chuck was grinning maniacally. "Wow! Look at how tough you are! Gosh, I'm really having fun now, but you're bleeding all over my floor. That's not very nice, Dean," Chuck hummed, rounding Dean as he gently caressed his thighs. Dean tried his hardest not to react as Chuck ran his hand over his ass.
slept with Crowley, God, I can't imagine how many diseases are being passed around this school," she shook her head.
"Cosmopolitan," he said with a wide smile, "and you can't make fun of me because I made you come," he said, lightly kissing her lips.
"Close your eyes," Castiel whispered as he reached his hand towards the plate of pie. Dean swallowed hard as he let his eyes fall shut. Every move Castiel made had Dean perking up, waiting for a touch he knew was coming. Castiel's finger pressed down in the middle of Dean's chest, dragging down to just above his belly button. He felt Castiel shift down, then his tongue was there, licking up what Dean could only assume was cherry pie filling. Castiel finished licking up the path he made, then his finger was making a line from one nipple across his chest to the other nipple. Dean shuddered when Castiel leaned down to lick it up, his tongue swirling and flicking. His teeth closed down around his nipple, making Dean gasp and arch into his mouth as the pleasure swirled with pain. Castiel sucked and bit at his pec, not doubt leaving bruises, being just as meticulous as was with the row of hickies he left on Dean's collarbones. They had made him blush furiously every time he looked at them.
"Don't go telling all your friends, okay sweetheart?" The boy winked at him and Dean laughed softly as he pulled the bedroom door open.
"You are too cute! How long have you been together?" The girl asked, Dean was nearing the fountain at this point, still listening intently to Cas.
"Bad, bad idea. Terrible idea," Dean repeated as he paced his room staring at the contact Castiel made in his phone. Bobby was out hunting with an old friend and Sam was spending the night at Kevin's so the house was empty save for Dean's heavy breathing and the sizzling of his nerves.
Dean is the father.
"You never answered my texts," Gabe said, gesticulating.
"Missed you. Missed you so much, I tried so hard to remember how you tasted. Got a dildo I could suck when I missed you. Got quite good." To prove his point, he sinks his mouth down on Cas' cock, taking him down until his nose was nestled in his pubes.
to interact outside of your hookups?" Bobby asked. Dean sighed, abandoning the engine to simply lean against the car, rubbing a rag over his grease coated fingers.
"Cum," the word was growled, in such a demanding tone that Dean stopped breathing for a second. His entire body shook and trembled, falling completely apart in Castiel's hands. He came untouched with a soft cry, his toes curling, his release splashing against his chest, a drop landing on his chin.
"In my purse," she said.
"Such a pretty thing Anna is, got us out of so much. Do you know how much you can get away with a pretty girl by your side. So quiet too, never complains. And those moans," Chuck shook his head. Dean's lips twisted up into a grimace, his stomach churning.
"I check in, see how you're doing," she shrugged one shoulder. The thought of it almost makes him fold in on himself. The thought of her pulling up articles of posts about him and his career, all of the things he's done without her. He shakes that thought away, the guilt squeezing.
Dean jumped off of the porch and barely managed to bend over a bush before he's throwing up. Bile claws at his throat the same way Castiel's screams claw at his ears and he gags with it. The darkness hides the evidence of his sickness with shadows as Dean backs away.
This time, Dean sinks down with ease. He forces his throat to relax when the head of Cas' cock pressed in.
"Okay. Maybe we can do something tomorrow?" Dean asked.
"What's wrong?" Dean asked, retrieving the button up he'd ironed that morning.
"Your slut," Dean cried softly, spreading his legs to grind down harder.
"Gosh, you certainly surprised me, Dean. Dare I say you've impressed me," he was smiling wide. "Meg, darling, please take him to the playroom, it's time for some fun. Michael, you know what to do. Dean," Chuck dragged a knuckle against his cheek and Dean jerked away from it. "I'll see you in a few minutes," he patted Dean's cheek before standing and walking away. Dean was yanked up, Megs hands tight around his wrists. Michael followed as Meg led the way to a different part of the house.
"Cas, where the hell are you?" He asked, keeping his voice low despite the fact that Jack was upstairs sleeping.
Thankfully Castiel wasn't close to Lisa through most of the rest of the routine. They practiced for another two hours before they were allowed to go back up to their rooms.
"You fuckin' sap," Dean wanted to roll his eyes but he more so didn't want to look away from cas. The man smiled softly, leaning in to press a kiss to Dean's lips.
Waiting for her response, Castiel typed a message to Luke.
"Sam, what are you going to do? You're not going to beat her up, you're too much of a feminist," Dean rolled his eyes, hooking Sam's keys on his finger as he took another sip of his beer with his free hand.
"I feel like I wasted a lot of time being a dick to you," Dean mumbled softly, directly his words at Cas' chest, where the bright red lines of Dean's fingernails had left the ghost of a trail from Cas' collar down to their stomach. This conversation never came up. Surprisingly. They spent all of their time just being in the present moment, acting almost as different people, meeting for the first time and getting to know each other as if they were strangers.
"Gosh, Dean, I really don't know. The FBI never saw him leave the cabin and his brothers haven't heard from him," Ash shook his head. Dean closed his eyes for a second, clutching the folder tight.
"No," Castiel said. Dean dropped it.
"Meg Masters is a spunky brunette who Castiel was best friends with in college. It's funny though, because I've maybe heard her name twice before. It took her five minutes in a room with him to get him out of bed. You know what my running time is? Three hours. I have spent three hours by that damn bed bargaining and begging Cas to get up." Dean was angry again. Dean was a lot of things, too many things. There were too many emotions running rampant in his head, none of which he particularly wanted to deal with.
"Seriously though, you look like you're having a bad day. Your eyebrows are doing that thing," Dean said, running a thumb over her forehead.
"Cool," Dean nodded hastily, "that is so cool with me." Dean dropped to his knees, spreading Castiel's thighs further apart. She lifted her hips so he could pull her shorts and panties down, pulling her closer to the edge of the bed. She leaned back on her hands as Dean kissed her knee, both hands running along her calves, from her ankle up to her hip and down again. Cas sighed as he paused with every handful of kisses to suck bruises into her thighs. He spent a good few minutes paying attention to her thighs, marking them up, getting closer and closer to where she wanted him. She tilted her head to the side, her cheek pressed her shoulder as she stared down at him, breathing softly.
"I'm sorry," Castiel smiled tightly, his eyebrows still knitted together.
He doesn't remember falling asleep but when he opens his eyes, it's dark outside. Castiel is still sitting there, her hands still in his hair, her gaze focused on the tv. He shifts slowly, trying not to think about how numb his legs feel.
"God, what a perv. Was he arrested?" Charlie asked.
"I understand, you've been on a break for about a year, right?" She asked. He looked up again, his cigarette pausing halfway to his lips.
"It's fine, Cas. It's just a little cramp," she said, smiling warmly to calm his nerves.
Dean threw on jeans and a tee shirt, and brushed his teeth before walking back out to Cas. He wasn't positive that he was even breathing at the moment. His hands were shaking as Castiel passed the baby into his arms, his eyes went completely wide when he was fully holding the boy.
Dean gripped the boys shoulders and flipped them over so that he's on top and he can start working his hips. His dick is skinnier than Dean had first anticipated but he made up for it in length. Dean braced his hands against the boy's chest and started a slow, filthy grind that made his stomach flutter. He let out the first genuine moan of the night as he circled his hips, pinching his nipple between two fingers and rolling the hard bud until it ached.
"Can we watch a movie later? Daddy bought sugar popcorn," Jack smiled.
Jack smiled at him, then looked towards his parents. "For what it's worth, you'll never meet better parents than my dads. I could list a hundred things that makes them amazing parents, but all I really have to say, is I have never once questioned their love for me. I might be young, but I know what love, and support, and stability means, because I have really good dads.
"Fuck, pet." Dean's throat buzzes with a moan, his eyes fluttering. He pulled off with a soft breath, hand wrapped around the base of Cas' cock, the head resting on his tongue. He closed his mouth for a wet, sloppy kiss to the head before pulling back, stroking.
He propped the boy up on his hip as Jack asked, "what?"
"I'm coming to get you, baby, just stay right there," he assured as he started for the door. "I'm sorry I lost you, you said you wanted to do body shots with the girls so I went with Sammy to get pizza. Did you forget?"
"Hey you two, it's me. I wanted to let you know that I love you, with all of my heart, and if it were up to me, I'd never leave you like this." Cas shut his eyes and hung his head. "I want you to know that it doesn't hurt. Okay? It was a little scary, but sometimes life has to be scary so you'll have to be brave. Sam, take care of our girl, okay? Don't grieve for me too long, I need you to live your life. My little sunshine, Amy, mommy loves you so much. I'm so sorry I won't be here to help you grow up. Just a few things I think you might like to know, my favorite color is purple, I love pineapple pizza and don't let your dad tell you it's gross cause it's delicious," she chuckles but it's stilted and pained. "My favorite show of all time is Avatar: The Last Airbender, don't bother watching the live action. I love tulips, especially the pink ones. You are beautiful and you'll grow up to be even more beautiful so please don't ever think down on yourself. And take care of your dad for me, okay? He needs you just as much as you need him. I gotta go now, but I love you. So much. Oh, and Dean, I'm sorry for traumatizing your husband, that's my bad," she tries for a laugh again but it fails again. "Take care of yourself, okay? Take care of each other." Miranda gestured for Cas to take the phone away, so he ended the voice memo, and they sat in silent agony.
It ruins him.
"Miss, miss, please. I can't, I'm going, I'm going to," he's almost drooling at this point, his arms straining in his restraints. She reached between her legs, his eyes following as she circled her clit. He felt a deep thrill of pride when she threw her head back with a moan.
"That's because I'm not scared of you, Chuck," Dean said, swallowing down the lump in his throat. Chuck huffed, sliding his hand against his chin.
"Please, please, no, Michael please!" Dean shouted as the man spread lube over his gloved fingers. He was studiously ignored and Meg watched with the brightest smile as Michael went behind Dean. Dean squeezed his eyes shut at the first cold, dutiful touch.
"What about the bruises?" He questioned.
"Good," she stepped away, leaving him kneeling by the door. He watched with parted lips and wide eyes as she went into the trunk at the end of their bed. "Eyes on the floor, darling," she demanded without looking away from the box. He lowered his head with a slight shudder, pressing his chin to his chest, his eyes fixed on the carpet. He heard her shuffling around in the box, silence, then he felt her behind him. She threaded her fingers into his hair and gently pulled his head back. His throat bobbed on a thick swallow as he felt the steady leather of the collar she settled around his throat, latching it securely at the back. She kept his head tilted back for a second, her thumb stroking over his cheek as she admired the flush on his cheeks.
Taking a slow, steady breath, he pulled away from the cabin. As the dirt path led him back towards the backroads, steeled his emotions, swallowing down the fear of the situation and the utter terror of losing Castiel. He forced himself to not look at the cup holder as he drove, dirt roads slowly turning into backroads. Backroads slowing turning into city streets.
"What am I supposed to tell him?" Dean asked, throat tight.
"Come on, you dork. Let's get you to the nurse," Dean smiled, his cheeks red as he picked up Castiel's coat. "And put this back on, you're practically naked," he said.
"Hey, doll." His heart empties the nervous energy and refills with that thrilling excitement he had been feeling all year when he got that first unknown call. His shoulders sag a bit as Castiel comes into view from behind the wall. Dean throws himself at the man, broader, hands bigger on Dean's waist. Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's shoulders and buried his face in the man's neck, gulping in the smell of him with greedy inhales. Castiel chuckled, but his arms went around Dean's waist and he squeezed like Dean could disappear if he didn't hold on tight enough.
. This was different. This wasn't practice, this was violence.
"What happens now, Ash? We just sit on our asses and wait for the FBI to do something?" Dean asked.
"Gross," Charlie grimaced. Dean snatched the tequila and took a long, generous chug, shaking his head at the tingle that ripped through him.
A stepping stone. It felt like a stepping stone. They would watch a movie, Jack would finally get some quality time with his father, and Dean would hopefully get the same. He'd start off a respectable distance away, get Cas used to his presence again. Then he'd slide closer until he could touch his husband, maybe pull him in, kiss his forehead absentmindedly like he used to.
"Can we pick this up again later? Let him get some rest?" Bobby asked.
"I'm so scared, Cas. What if I mess something up? With you or with Jack? What if I screw him up?" Dean whispers.
"Name," a rough voice demanded.
"I'm talking about the fact that you never seem to be happy, especially recently. Am I doing something wrong here? I'm really trying to be what you need, but that's hard when I can't tell what you need," She said.
"Jeez ash, have you left this room at all?" Dean asked, looking around at the mess of documents, files, and photographs.
"I was just trying not to hurt you," he said.
"Okay," she took a step forward, still a respectable amount of space between them, maybe an arms length away, but that arm's length felt like an anchor, bringing him back into his own body. He's startled that she still has this much of an effect on him. "How have you been? You look like you haven't slept much," she looked away from him with that thoughtful tilt of her head, then added, "I'm sorry, I'm talking like I still know you, I don't want to make you uncomfortable, it's just surprising how well I can read you still."
"Pie? That's my favorite," he widened his eyes and Jack smiled brighter.
"I want to take you apart but fuck," he bit down on Dean's jaw, grinding harder, "I missed you so damn much."
"Don't start something you can't finish," he warned teasingly as he picked up a piece of the crust.
"Definitely burgers. I want Ellen's burgers and the biggest slice of apple pie they can fit on the plate," Dean said with wide, anticipatory eyes.
"I hope so, tomorrow's taco night," she said.
"Because you're taking forever," Dean's words broke with a hitch of breath as Castiel started pressing in. "Fuck," he sighed. He wrapped his legs around Cas' waist, drawing his knees up a bit and gripping Cas' hips to pull him in deeper. Cas threaded his fingers in Dean's hair and pressed their mouths together in a sloppy, heated kiss as he started up a hard, fast pace.
"Really? You want to weight shame?" Cas stepped closer to her, her eyebrows furrowing.
"Yeah well I've been pretty busy," Dean said with a little shrug. There weren't many people around anymore, all of them either in the parking lot or at Lisa Braeden's house already for the post-game party.
"We have to leave in thirty minutes. Jack's already ready," Dean said, taking the button up off of the hanger and reaching for Castiel. He pulled back with furrowed brows. "What's wrong?" Dean asked again.
"I understand. I'll be here, Dean, whenever you're ready,” she ran her thumb over the back of his hand and he fell boneless into the couch at her words.
The knife was maybe an inch long and very thin, so Chuck stabbed him about fifteen times before Dean passed out.
"First and foremost," she said as she slipped her hands into a pair of gloves. "We'll make sure that this little fellow is doing okay. If you could lie him down and take off the onesie." Dean did as he was directed to do, his mouth dry with fear and worry. Cas stood slightly to the side, trying not to be in the way.
They called John Winchester abusive. They called him paranoid and unfit. They called him crazy. Right now, he's the only reason Dean is going to survive.
"Thank you," his voice is wrecked from sleep.
"Don't be a dick," Dean laughed, leaning up to catch Cas' lips in a kiss. Their bare skin shifted under the sheets as they pressed themselves closer to each other, enveloping themselves in the others warmth and skin.
"Come on," she whispered, nibbling his earlobe as his hands tightened in her hair. She rubbed her clit faster, her eyes fluttering.
He brought it up and took a long swig as Sam asked, "what the hell?" He gave a stiff nod, smacking his lips before taking another long gulp.
"I wouldn't want to be anywhere else." Dean cries a little bit more, then Cas decided that their pity party is over. He grabs two sodas from the fridge, and sets out a piece of paper on the coffee table between them.
"Hey, buddy!" Sam chuckled, turning his head to watch Jack scramble up the stairs, screaming Amy's name to alert her of his presence. "Hey man." Sam grabbed Dean's hand and pulled him into a hug. Dean slapped his back, returning his brothers embrace.
Castiel guided Dean to the bedroom, and he miraculously didn't trip as he walked backwards the whole way. Cas stripped Dean of his shirt and pants, helping him out of his shoes and socks before gently shoving him back onto the bed. Dean loved when Cas took a second to undress himself, instead gathering his fill of Dean, naked and laid out on the bed. It took Dean weeks to stop shying away from Castiel's eyes, weeks of Castiel whispering sweet compliments into his skin, sealing it with kisses to make sure it stuck.
"I'll trade ya," her voice was just as he remembered it, if not a little deeper, she had probably been drinking, her voice dropped a little when she drank champagne. It took him a second to realize that Castiel was gesturing at the pack of cigarettes sticking out of his pants pocket. He probably looked like such a mess, with his clothes ruffled from searching them, his button up slightly yanked out of the waist of his slacks. He shut his mouth and swallowed hard as he pulled the pack out and offered them to her. Cas took them with a soft smile, taking one stick and handing it back. He didn't dare touch her, even though he wanted to. There was a guilty feeling creeping up his spine with how badly he wanted to touch. She lit hers first then offered him the lighter. The smoke seeped past her lips in smooth clouds, twisting and disappearing in the air above her. The lighter was warm from her purse, and he would bet anything that it smelled like Peach gum.
"And yet I snapped him out of it within minutes," she said with an arrogant smirk on his lips that made Dean's blood boil. He would punch her if that was socially acceptable. Instead, he turned to Jack, picked the boy up, and carried him back towards the stairs.
"Dude, Castiel was onstage for thirty minutes and the entire time you looked like you could actually breathe. I saw the effect she still has on you, so you want to talk about it or do you want me to pretend I didn't see it?" He asked. Dean sighed, swallowing as he turned his body towards Sam, feeling too vulnerable in the fact that he is so easy for the people around him to read.
Mrs Benson I'm so sorry about my mother, she's been going through a lot of personal family issues. Please do not call the police, I'll have my brother do your yard this weekend to show you our thanks.
"Fuck," he breathed, biting down on his bottom lip when her ass touched his thighs, his dick buried completely inside of her. Cas thinks very briefly of Lisa, and it makes her stomach flutter with pride as she looked down at Dean, watching him struggle to keep his hips still while she adjusts. Then she clenches around him and all thoughts of anyone but Dean are gone and she throws her head back as she started rocking her hips. Dean gripped her hips, stroking over her thighs as she rocked her hips back and forth. She dragged her hands up his stomach and ran her thumb over his nipple, making his hips jerk with a moan.
"Aw, baby, you have no idea how hot you are, do you?" Dean unlaced their fingers so he could throw his arm around Cas' shoulders, leaning in to kiss his cheek with a dramatic smacking noise.
Dean was shifting through the toolbox, looking for the wrench Bobby told him to get, when Sam came barreling outside.
"You slept with him during comp week after Mrs. Harvelle threatened my position on the team," Lisa said.
"Great, then you can just apologize and we'll be good again," Lisa said with an easy smile. Cas took a step back, her teeth grinding.
"Brunch with my brother and this week's love of his life. You want to come? I'll wait for you," she smiled softly as she paused.
"Please, I, I can't, I need. Touch me, please! Please, I can't," Dean cried out, gripping his own hair with frustrated whines.
"I love you too, sweet boy," she kissed his forehead and along his hairline as he fell asleep.
Dean is the best at playtime, they find. He does the best car noises, he does a killer Elmo impression, and he can make Jack smile by simply raising his eyebrows.
"We'll have to get a new car seat, I doubt this thing would pass a state approval," cas said, poking the car seat. Dean only nodded as he strapped Jack in. Cas was right, the straps didn't even tighten all the way. He barely remembers Kayla, but if this is how she was caring for his child- if it is his- he really fucking hates her.
"Dean, are you drunk?" She asked, crossing her arms over her chest as she stood from the couch.
"You and Jack deserved a home," Dean shrugged as he stepped away, hands in his pockets. "You deserve the world for being so incredibly amazing and supportive all these years," Castiel gasped as Dean lowered himself onto one knee, pulling a small velvet box from his pajama pants. "As I was building this house for you and Jack, I thought a lot about our life together. I thought about when Jack would get so calm by just laying on your chest, and the way you cried on his first day of school, and our first date when you spent twenty minutes talking about bees. I can't imagine my life without you, without you being right there next to me, so, Castiel Novak, will you marry me?" Castiel breathed out shakily as he nodded.
"Daddy," Jack whimpered, shuffling forward to grip Dean's hand.
"What happened?" He asked. Castiel glanced at Bobby and Sam warily, but took a deep breath and stepped closer to the bed.
"That was never an option," Castiel said, tightening his arms around Dean’s stomach. "There isn't a world in which I don't return to you, Dean Winchester." Dean leans his head back, the bright summer sun shining in his eyes.
"You may not." Dean sighed and nodded once as the elevator doors opened.
can do, there's definitely nothing you can do. I know you're worried but, if Cas is alive, he's sure as shit not going to let Chuck win."
"You will never live in that world, doll." And he kissed him slowly, trying to emphasize his words with his kiss.
"Oh, well we can watch a movie tomorrow, no big deal." Dean lowered his head as he fell back onto the bed, elbows on his knees.
of shots, and I miss you! I wanna kiss you, oh! I've got a lot of coins so I can get you a ring from the little windy machine thingy in front of the gas station cause I'm totally gonna marry you one day. I'll get you a real ring, I promise, but isn't that so romantic? It's really just the sentiment. I miss you though, why'd you leave me?" Cas' voice was slurred and rushed but Dean caught every one. He abandoned Charlie and their game so he could grab his coat, ignoring the girls protests.
"I was her sub. You can't do that for me because you don't want to and I don't want you to," he whispered. He couldn't look at her, but he heard the sound of a sigh and then the rustling of the arm chair.
"Green," Dean breathed.
"Yeah?" Dean encouraged with a timid smile.
then memorize the chapters Anna. I gotta go
," he repeated in his head as he strode unhurriedly to the elevators. The ride up was familiar and almost comforting, the phantom smell Castiel. Cigarette smoke and sugar. He had a sweet tooth, Dean is sure that Castiel didn't know that Dean knew, but he did. Castiel had a sweet tooth the size of Texas. The thought makes Dean smile, then the elevator doors opened and he was yanked back to the present. He steeled his emotions again as he walked down to room 314. Their room.
"Yeah," Dean pressed his hand into hers, linking their fingers and resting his head on her shoulder. Charlie squeezed his hand and leaned her head against his. "Now that you know my secret, wanna see the pantie pictures I sent him? We're the same size in panties by the way."
"Okay, don't freak out," Dean said to himself as he placed his hands on the steering wheel, breathing heavily. "Don't freak out. Dead guy, bullet wound, injured friends with benefits boyfriend. Fuck!" Dean slammed his hands against the steering wheel until his palms start to hurt. They ache when he wraps his fingers around the wheel, clenching down hard as he forced himself to pull a few steady breaths
Castiel snapped out of her fugue of grumpy frustration, sighing softly at herself.
"Why is Meg-"
Please be warned, a rape occurs here against Anna, it is not very graphic but it does happen so proceed with caution if that is a possible trigger for you
"Sorry, what?" He rubbed at his eyes, shutting his phone off.
"You didn't hear?" Charlie asked with a surprised raise of her eyebrows. "His dad totally beat the shit out of him. I mean, Castiel got a lot of good shots in, Mr. Novak looked fucked up when they arrested him. Donna King lives next door to them and she said she didn't know who looked worse, Castiel or Mr. Novak. Do you remember when Castiel smashed up that teacher's car?" Charlie asked.
"The baby aisle," cas whispered. Dean laughed, his shoulders less heavy.
Dean turned the shower on and Castiel guided him in when steam started pouring over the curtain. It was slightly surreal that Castiel Novak, the guy who has supposedly stabbed someone, the guy who destroyed a teachers car with a baseball bat, the guy who threatened a student with a (albeit fake) gun, was standing behind him in the shower gently dragging a loofah along his skin. Castiel washed him up as gently as his calloused hands could, caressing every inch of Dean's body, his lips pressing warm kisses along his back and shoulders.
"Castiel, who the fuck is this?" A man asked as he helped Meg lay Castiel on a large wooden table.
"Just apologize. Don't be a bitch about it," Abigail said before turning and walking away. Cas stared at her back as her teeth clenched. She rolled her eyes, forcing herself to talk a deep breath and turn back around.
"My dad," Dean whispered. Bobby's hands tightened around him and he could see Sam's head fall in his peripheral.
"Can you keep these here for me?" He asked, his nose dragging against Dean's cheek. It takes him a second to answer because all he can think about now, with Castiel's lips so close to his, is the fact that they haven't kissed yet.
"Yeah, here sounds good. I'll um, fire up the barbeque? We can cook those hamburgers sitting in the fridge?" He asked.
"That's what papa said!"
"Hm, we'll have to fix that gag reflex," he said offhandedly before he was drawing his hips back and fucking into Dean with deep, measured thrusts. Dean's mouth fell open around Castiel's fingers, a silent moan blocking his throat as Cas fucked him. One hand stayed on Dean's hip, drawing him down every time he snapped his hips up. His fingers slipped from Dean's mouth, leaving a wet trail of saliva down his chest and belly until both of hands settled around his waist.
"She used to top me!" He's yelling it before he can bite his tongue again. Lisa's hands slowly lower back down to her sides, and she's staring at him in confusion again.
"Oh, that sounds fun," Cas mumbled.
"Mhm, that's how I got daddy to marry me. I made him a cherry pie and he couldn't say no," Castiel said, nudging Jack's elbow.
Dean pulled into their driveway with a smile on his face and an excited bubble in his stomach. He checked his hair in the mirror and popped a piece of gum into his mouth before killing the engine. Jack unbuckled himself and jumped out of his seat, bouncing on his toes the entire way to the door.
"It's for gas! My tanks on empty," he said.
"Stop," Dean swatted her hand away with a weak grimace. "I just don't really feel like having a shitty one night stand with another shitty person at another shitty party. I'm sure Lisa is great, but I'm not feeling it anymore," he said.
When Cas was gone, Dean fell back against the wall with a soft exhale, allowing the air in his lungs to rush out. His face fell with the closing of his eyes and he didn't realize how boneless he felt until he almost slid down the wall. He caught himself with a stutter, steadying his body on shaky legs. He brought the gum up to his nose and inhaled the artificially sweet scent. The smell of it sent a shiver through him, he felt utterly disgraceful shivering at the smell of a piece of gum, but he didn't have it in him to care. He slipped the stick into his pocket, beside his slightly crumpled pack of cigarettes.
"Very good, brush it all over the top," Cas instructed, smiling softly as Jack brushed egg wash over the top of a pie crust. Dean smiled softly, leaning against the kitchen entrance. He silently pulled his phone from his pocket and snapped a few pictures before announcing his presence.
"Okay, okay, don't say it," Dean laughed, rolling his eyes fondly as Charlie let her shoulders fall again. "I'll ask Bobby if I can go. Happy?" He said.
"I'm talking about your pathetic taste in guys. Guys that leave you so unsatisfied that you have to finger yourself after they've fucked you. Guys that think fucking is just about an orgasm and not about making their partner feel so fucking good that all they can do is shake, and cry, and beg for more," Dean's chest was heaving at this point, Castiel's breath fanning against his neck, his cock slowly hardening again as he grinded down against Castiel's thigh. "Has anyone ever made you feel that way, doll?" Dean shook his head fast, leaning his forehead against Castiel's shoulder.
"Hey man, Jess insisted on bringing wine even though they're the ones who drink it," Sam said with a sarcastically wide smile as he held up the bottle.
"Just checking in on the grieving, that is the polite thing to do," her eyes flicked up to him, watching to see how he would react to her words.
"Hand off," the voice demanded roughly. The boy instantly released his hold and backed up a bit. "If I ever see or hear about you trying to pressure someone into sitting on that pathetic dick of yours, I will bash your head in, do you hear me?" The boy nodded quickly, tripping over his own feet as he turned to walk away.
Individual tags: blow jobs; a sprinkle of Dean in panties; very light elements of dom/sub
"Oh my god, you are so cute!" The girl squealed, nudging her friend. They were obviously drunk, but their voices were still sincere.
The woman who walks in after they've been waiting an hour is brunette and steel faced. It makes Dean's nerves feel raw when she introduces herself as Bela Talbot and tells them about her job.
"You can move and come whenever you want," the words barely left her lips before Dean was bracing his feet on the bed and thrusting his hips up. She gasped as their thrusts met, her hands clenching down a bit on his chest.
Dean doesn't let go of Jack the entire time that they're waiting. Cas stay close by, whispering gentle words of comfort to Dean when he gets close to losing it. Jack is fussy and he clings to Dean's shirt in a vice grip as his gaze flits around the room, surveying it. After twenty minutes, someone comes in to gather their DNA for the testing. Castiel tells Dean how lucky they are that they got that part done so quickly.
They rediscovered each other in room 314, and when they left, they left together.
"Daddy, look what grandma Judy bought for me!" Dean looked down at Claire, five years old with the biggest smile on her face as she stood beside a giant box that contained a Princess vanity.
"Dont fucking kill him, you idiot," a gruff voice chided. Dean turned back and poised his gun, sending a shot into one of their shoulders. The other held his gun out and Dean tilted his head.
"Yeah, I'll definitely be back," he said with wide eyes. "See you tomorrow, Dean," Benny hugged him and kissed Cas’s cheek before following Charlie outside. Sam and Jess walked out behind them, waving goodbye as they walked down the stairs.
"Pardon?" Cas said.
"What if, what if he's not mine? He's just going to go into the system? Then what?" Dean breathed out heavily, his grip on the baby unconsciously tightening.
"Novak," Mrs. Harvell scolded tiredly from beside the bus.
"Hush, they're my grandkids, you got to let me spoil them," she said as she passed him. He smiled fondly, watching her plop herself onto the recliner that she always occupies when she visits. One of Dean's favorite outcome from Kayla popping up five year old, is Judy. Once the woman found out about Jack, she'd been a prominent figure in his life. Then they adopted Claire, at two years old after her parents died in a plane crash, and she treated Claire as if she were her blood.
She lives behind his eyes. She takes up full residence in his dreams, unyielding on his brain. He finds himself driving by the shelter more times than he cares to admit, trying to catch a glimpse of her, if only for a second. It makes his skin itch when he doesn't. There's a pack of Peach gum sitting in his center console but he doesn't know which brand she gets, so they all smell slightly off. His brain hasn't been this mangled since those first few months.
"Let's go inside, I can feel Claire bargaining with Judy for another slice of pie," Castiel laughed softly to cover up how much he wanted to cry out of pure joy.
"Okay, who are you and what have you done with Dean?" Charlie asked, reaching across the table to poke Dean's forehead.
"No five," Gabe snickered. Cas rolled her eyes and smacked him upside the head. He clicked his tongue as he dramatically rubbed his head. "Fine, I need it for gas," he said.
Jack wiggled to get down and Dean set him gently on the floor, kneeling before him. Jack sighed, deeply with a big rise and fall of his shoulders. "I know you love me daddy," he put a hand on deans cheek, giving him a little smile. "I wish papa loved me like you do." He turned away with too sad a smile for an 8 year old, shuffling out of the kitchen on bare feet. Dean brought a hand up to his mouth, silencing the sob that desperately wanted to crawl out of his throat.
"That's because I bring you all of your food so you don't
"Well, it was lovely meeting you Dean. I am really excited about our date later, do be on time," Chuck smirked, ruffling Dean's hair and laughing when Dean ducked to get away from the touch.
"You barely even look at him, you keep his son away from him all day, you throw Amy in his face like it's nothing, you waited almost a full minute to say that you loved him back. I mean, how is he supposed to recover in this environment?" She asked. Dean was so overcome with anger that he immediately started shaking. His knees were on the verge of buckling and his face was filled with so much heat that his temples started to ache.
Castiel pulled out slowly but Dean still whined when he slipped all the way out. He gripped the boys thighs and spread them apart when he tried to close them. Castiel leaned down and licked Dean's release from his stomach as he pressed two fingers into him. Dean gasped, his thighs instinctively trying to close. Castiel kept them open with his shoulders, licking up his belly as he pumped his fingers in and out leisurely, the slide smooth with cum and lube.
"I'm going to the bathroom," he whispered in Lisa's ear as he stood. She gave him a slight nod before returning her attention to Benny. Dean clenched his jaw and blinked a few times as he walked to the bathroom. Maybe he could sneak out for a smoke before the next speaker came on.
"Will do, please don't forget to have your suit dry cleaned. We have that dinner next week and that's your best suit," she leaned over the bed to kiss him before grabbing her purse and leaving the room. Dean huffs a bit at the thought of errands, but surrenders to it. He makes a cup of coffee first, mentally going over the things he has to do. His goal for the day was at least three songs, or at least the bones of three songs. He'll mess around with his guitar for a while, maybe see if one of the boys wants to come over to throw around ideas because they have to officially get together and talk music.
"There is nothing I would love more, buddy," Dean smiled, gripping Jack's hand as he stood.
when you were only eight years old. It was a Friday, the day your mom usually took you to your grandmas house," Castiel said.
When Jack turns three, Dean stumbles upon a cheap house in a good neighborhood. It was nearly run into the ground because of foundation issues, no one wanted it, and the couple was desperate to sell. It took very little convincing from Cas to purchase. Dean tore the entire house down and started from scratch. It was almost nine months before Dean allowed Cas and Jack inside of the shell of their home, pointing out rooms and different features. Cas had cried the first time he saw it.
"What do you want me to say? It doesn't change anything," he said.
"I know you had that appointment set up for him, did he go?" Sam asked, glancing towards the kids every now and then. Dean looked down at the table, tracing Ronald McDonald head a few times.
A run in with Meg, or a sneak attack rather, leaves Dean demanding answers from Ash. Answers that he gets, but it's a short lived relief.
"Please," he whispered softly, gripping the material of his flannel beside his hips.
"Cas, Jack was really disappointed that you weren't here to watch a movie," he said.
enjoy this chapter :)
"It's a girl, you dork," Jess said with an amused roll of her eyes.
"Slow, doll, that's it. Don't rush it," Castiel gently stroked his hand through Dean's hair, tugging a bit when he tried to go down too far and gagged. "What did I say?" He pulled Dean all the way off, raising a firm eyebrow. Dean looked up at him with tear stained cheeks, flushed from the tips of ears down to his chest. He blinked dazedly at Castiel, his hand still absently stroking his cock.
Hope you’re all doing well and I hope this ending does the story justice.
"Well Castiel of course," Meg put the magazine down and clicked her tongue as she stood. "What a shame that such a useful little player was knocked down by such a tiny little bullet." She held her gun up and ran her finger over the slide, tapping a nail against it. Dean took a step towards the bed, a subtle slide of his feet. "Michael really had to dig in there to get the bullet out, and Castiel screamed and screamed, it was a little pathetic," she giggled manically as she tapped the hammer of the gun. "Of course I was a little bit sad to see him go, he was such a generous partner in bed, though I'm sure you knew that,
"I said we could go this weekend," Castiel corrected, appering behind Jack with a fond roll of his eyes.
He laid in bed that night thinking about Castiel and staring at his phone, reading through their previous messages, scrolling through the pictures he'd taken in their hotel room. Most of them were of Castiel being soft and annoyed with Dean after they've fucked. Some were pictures of Dean he'd sent to Castiel when he was feeling greedy for attention and praise. Castiel was always a little rougher after Dean spent a few days teasing him over text.
"I'm sorry, Dean," Castiel gently pushed his hand off of his wrist, Dean whimpered, his wounds aching as he reached out for him.
"Maybe you should pull over so I can drive," cas suggested, his heart beating in his throat.
I swear I studied. The bitch changes the questions and it has literally nothing to do with the study guides she gives
"No! Castiel please, you just, I just," Dean couldn't find enough words to string together to properly express how much he was feeling. He was feeling too much and the only thing coming out was harsh breaths and a constant stream of tears. "Don't leave me again," he pleaded, helpless to do anything but watch as Castiel took slow steps towards the agent patiently waiting by the door. Bobby placed a gentle hand on Dean's shoulder and Sam was holding his hand, but Dean couldn't look anywhere but Cas.
"Yeah, the fact is, Meg Masters gets more dick than you do. You'd probably loosen up if you got fucked more than once a month," Cas shrugged, crossing her legs and smoothing out her skirt as she sucked on her lollipop.
"You wanna nap on me and I'll wake you up for fourth?" Dean offered.
"Okay, okay," Cas pulled away again, placing his hand over Dean's face when the man chased him. He pushed his head down gently, earning a very throaty whine. "Come on, you're going to make me late for work," Castiel moved his hand as he sat up as best he could with Dean's legs still wrapped tightly around his waist.
"How many guys have you slept with?" He asked as his hands ran up and down the side of Dean's thighs. The question wasn't judgmental or heated, it sounded almost professional, like a doctor asking if a patient wasn't sexually active. Dean opened his mouth to answer but paused as Castiel pressed a kiss to his tailbone, peppering firm, hot kisses along the top of his ass. Castiel hummed and pinched his thigh to remind him that he was asked a question.
"Well she deserves to be knocked down a peg, where does she get the right? You've been by Cas' side for fifteen years, you've barely even heard her name over the years and suddenly she's an expert? Fuck that. Why aren't you angry?" Sam asked, his shoulders tense and his fingers clenched around his bottle.
"Go outside, Dean. Meg will go get you when we're done," Castiel said, licking his dry lips and managing a soft smile.
Room 314 looked just as it always had. The door was a smooth cream color, the letters were new, a bright red, but the carpet in the hallway was the same soft red, patterned with different sized squares. The hallway lights were the same, the bulbs obviously having been changed, it was brighter.
"That waitress probably would have let you take her right there on the restaurant floor!" Dean laughed, swaying a little on his feet, bumping into Cas, slightly tipsy from all the wine he drank, but mostly bubbly from the easy atmosphere they've created for themselves. Dean feels like he's floating on his feet at this point.
"Please, follow me," she guided them through a set of door, then to the elevators. The pediatric floor was brightly colored, covered in pictures and little animal stickers. Doctor McLeod led them into one of the examination rooms and shut the door.
"Come for me, honey," she whispered, her eyes fluttering. Dean stared up at her, watching her bounce, that demanding, dominant look blazing through him. His eyes snapped shut when his orgasm fell over him, his mouth falling on a deep gasp. His hips lost their rhythm and his eyelids were too heavy to open until he heard Miss start to hum the way she always did when she was close.
"Yeah," his collar got tighter as he glanced down at the ground, unable to hold her stare and not buckle beneath it.
"Not tonight, but you have fun, honeybee." Castiel gave the boy a soft smile, and Jack's face opened with partial shock and partial joy. He ran to his father and gave him a loud kiss to the cheek. Dean looked away, his throat tight with emotion.
"To Sam's. Would you like to come with us?" He offered, trying not to sound as desperate as he felt.
I'll deal with it. Study up cause you're taking it again.
"Yeah, yeah, just actually remember and use what I taught you. You know what happened the first time," Dean said.
"Fun!" Jack replied eagerly.
"Ballpark," Castiel said, rubbing against the rim. Dean swallowed again.
She walked to her AP English class and was scolded about being prepared for class when she asked the teacher for a pen. She took the pen with red cheeks, most of the class staring at her. She was told something again because of how "aggressively" she took the pen. She sat down nonetheless, trying to force the blush out of her cheeks.
"No, you're going to fine, I promise," cas cut her off, staring at his failing phone.
"What?" She pushed.
Then the boy– who Dean cannot remember the name of to save his life– started thrusting up and gripping Dean's hips in a tight hold. It was the kind of tight that should be sexy but actually just burns.
"The fuck is this?" A young brunette woman asked, eyeing Dean with a grimace.
"They're definitely something," cas chuckled.
Bobby gave him a little bit of shit at first but when Dean explained what was going on, he told him to take all the time he needed. When Dean walked back to the living room, maybe ten minutes later, Cas had taken Jack out of the car seat. Dean approached slowly, peering over Cas' shoulder at the infant cradled in the crook of his elbow.
me here. Why did you show up at that party and tease me in the hallway? Why did you come over to my house? I'm not complaining, I'm just curious," Dean said as Castiel gestured him into the room. Castiel locked the door and stared at it thoughtfully for a full minute as Dean stood there waiting for his answer.
"Jack, you have visitation with your mom today," Castiel pointed out gently, laying his hand on the eleven year olds shoulder. Jack's face fell, he settled his eyes back on Dean with a frown.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Where's Chuck?" Gabriel asked, looking between Meg and Michael.
"I don't know, everything he was doing just felt... not good. His dick was fine if only he knew how to fuck. Plus, he slapped my ass like he was swatting a fly, I barely felt it," Dean drowned his words with the tequila.
“You’re bullshitting me, and you know it. Look, man, I love Lisa, okay? She’s awesome, but you two are so different. You can’t give each other what you both need, and that’s okay. I’m sure she’d understand if you just explained it, so why don’t you?”
"Will I get to say goodbye to my friends?" He asked. She gave him a tight, sympathetic smile and he nodded.
"Uh huh, we're makin' pie," he beamed.
"Be safe you two, I love you," Dean said.
"Hannah!" His eyes flew open again as that voice shouted, that deep, gravelly voice. Dean sighed with as much relief as he could muster with a gun pointed at his temple. His body sagged a bit as his eyes fell to Castiel's, electric blue and
"Dean, there's nothing we can do except everything they tell us to do. Okay? Just breathe," Cas squeezed his shoulder, guiding Dean through two deep breathed.
Dean opens his eyes slowly, blinking against the bright hospital lights. He blinks a few times to adjust, then slowly starts taking in his surroundings. There's someone holding his hand and when he looks down, Sam is squeezing his fingers around Dean's hand. His head is beside Dean's hip, face buried in the bed to muffle the little sobs he seemingly couldn't control.
"So you," Dean couldn't finish his sentence, a lump forming in his throat. Ash reached onto the bed and picked up a folder. Inside was the former identity of Nicolas Peters. A young boy born to Pamela and Doug.
Jack played the tin man in Hilltop Elementary's rendition of wizard of oz. Dean, Sam, and Amy gave him a standing ovation when he took his final bow. His teacher had nothing but the highest of praise for the boy, and Dean was basking in fatherly pride all night. Jack was all smiles and giddy energy by the time they reached the McDonalds they decided to celebrate at. Jack and Amy raced off to the play structure the moment Dean and Sam allowed them to.
"And you've been away too long Gabe, you're stance is off," she gave a sly giggle before she was sweeping Gabriel off balance and taking his gun. Gabriel stumbled, crashing to the floor. Meg sent a shot to the blonde guys back, then she was stepping behind Dean, holding him by his hair and pressing the gun to his temple. Dean's eyes squeezed shut as her finger wrapped around the trigger.
"You're so impatient," Castiel chuckled as he pressed his hand down into the pillow beneath Deans head, leaning down to press their mouths together. Dean blindly rolled the condom on as he kissed back, stroking Cas' cock a few times.
"Or what? You'll spank me?" Lisa grins over her shoulder. Her and Jess erupt in laughter, and Dean forces himself to chuckle as his jaw clenches and his stomach turns itself on its side. He hides his emotions a lot better when he walks outside. He masks the discomfort in his steps and he starts talking about the new show he and Lisa have become invested in due to Sam's suggestion. He started ranting about his own thoughts and theories, and Dean threw himself into the conversation head first.
"Mhm, just want to be yours," Dean cried out, reaching back to bury his hands in Castiel's hair, his hips desperately pushing back onto his cock.
Jack fell asleep an hour into the movie, his hand limp in his empty popcorn bowl and his head tucked in by Dean's hip. Dean carried the boy up to bed, tucked him into the blankets, and kissed his forehead. With Jack sound asleep in bed, Dean was angry again. He pulled his phone out again and dialed Cas' number. This time, he picked up.
Her knee jerked over Dean's shoulder when he licked over her folds with more pressure. Then he was tonguing at her clit with purpose. He trailed his fingertips lightly up and down the thigh that wasn't propped over his shoulder, a light touch that sent tingles through the rest of her.
"He's not a criminal or anything, is he? I don't need you wrapped up with the law," Bobby raised an eyebrow.
"Fuck, fuck, I'm going to come," he clenched his teeth, the chains rattling, her heat clenching down around him.
"I guess if we put a label on it then yeah, it's like, exclusive though. We don't mess with other people, we just don't interact outside of our..." Dean trailed off, trying to figure out how to explain without telling his guardian that he's been spending time in a hotel with Castiel fucking Novak.
"Well how about we do something once you get changed? We can grab a bite, maybe go to the Lookout?" He asked, tilting his head down with a suggestive smirk.
"Got it," he nodded, swallowing against a tight throat. "How, how will I know if Castiel is okay?" He asked. Ash looked down, avoiding Dean's eyes.
"No," she sank down into her seat beside Meg and sighed.
"Yeah, but you didn't sign it, a woman can write any mans name on the birth certificate but that doesn't make them the father. You could try for emergency custody but they really have no proof that you're related. We're just going to have to see how it goes. We'll take the note, show them there was abandonment on the mother's part, you just have to be as cooperative as possible, this process is hard," Castiel explained.
"You!" He and Cas exclaimed simultaneously. Jack giggled as he was assaulted with an onslaught of tickles from both of them.
"Sam's biased," Cas mumbled. "I'm just worried that they'll take the woeful mother bit," he said.
"You're right," Cas nodded and stood. Dean watched with wide eyes as cas walked up to the nurse at the desk. Dean bit at the inside of his cheek, worrying the skin with his teeth as he watched them. Jack fused against his neck, his lips trying to latch on.
"Yes, yes, please, miss. I want to come, make me come, miss, please," he babbled, pressing his head back against the pillows.
Thank god he doesn’t.
"Can I help you?" He crossed his arms over his chest.
"I missed you," Castiel said, grunting as he gripped Dean's thighs and hoisted him up against the wall. Dean wrapped his legs around Castiel's waist, seeking out the man's lips again. They kissed feverishly, teeth scraping and tongues pressing. Deans hips pressed up in search of friction he hasn't felt in years. This time, they didn't find unforgiving air like all the times he was lying in bed, sweating and panting and desperate for a touch he couldn't have. No, now when he pressed up, Castiel was there pressing back. He gripped Dean's ass, shoving his hips into Dean's hard and fast.
"That wasn't even me!" Sam argued.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean rolled his eyes again and his cock went a little softer as the boy thrusted up, stilled, and came into the condom. Dean pulled off and slid off of the bed, pulling his boxers up and allowing his cock to go completely soft. He can hear the chatter from the party downstairs, the music on full blast and the cheers from whatever party game they're playing.
"My phone was taken, what do you need?" She asked.
"I didn't want to assume you'd just have sex with me," Dean threw his hands up. Castiel let her head fall back for a second before she sat up and grabbed her phone from the bedside table. She held a finger up when Dean gave her a questioning look. She shook her head and glared at him as she held her phone to her ear, listening to it ring.
Bobby singer is Dean and Sam's save and grace. He can't imagine where he'd be today if Bobby hadn't taken them in when he was thirteen and ended up in the hospital with a few bruised ribs and a concussion, courtesy of his fathers drunken rage after finding Dean kissing a boy from school. Dean is thankful that he'd decided to let Randy Mackenzie talk him into making out, otherwise he wouldn't be fixing up old cars while his brother did homework inside.
"I'd rather stay home with you," Jack mumbled, turning back to Cas, wrapping his arms around him waist and burying his face in his stomach. Cas pressed his hands to Jack's back and rubbed it softly.
"Hm, me too," she kissed his cheek as she passed him in the bathroom. He returned his gaze to the mirror, putting the finishing touches on his hair. His hair was already fine, and Charlie would tease at it later, so this process was pointless, but he needed something to do so he wouldn't fray his nerves thinking about all of the people that would be at tonight's event. A few of the strands that he had carefully teased fell out of place as Lisa threw her top at him, smiling playfully at him in the mirror. He turned with a lazy smile, leaning against the bathroom counter and watching as she undressed. Her body was slim and her short height made her look smaller than he already was. Her hip bones jutted and her stomach was completely flat, the tightness of the dress showed this off, a thin line from top to bottom. Dean kissed her cheek when she was done dressing, leading the way out of the bathroom.
Dean cursed as he gripped her hips and flipped them over, her back bouncing against the mattress. She moaned, wrapping her legs around Dean's waist, grinding up every time he thrusted into her. Dean leaned his elbows on the bed, burying his fingers in her hair as he rocked his hips hard. Cas unwrapped her legs from around his waist, pressing her feet against the bed so she could thrust her hips up. Dean breathed shakily into her neck, moaning against her skin. She cupped his cheek and guided his lips to hers, her other hand sliding down between their bodies to rub circles on her clit.
"Let him go, Hannah," Castiel said, voice even and calm.
"You've got to be fucking kidding me," he sighs as he unbolted the locks and swings the door open.
"Dean," Ash cut him off with a warning.
Little trips out to the garden and a different diet obviously don't hold a candle to Meg Masters.
"I tried but it's all booked up and I would absolutely sleep in the car if Miranda wasn't pregnant," he said.
"I'm too impatient for the dancing around, it's why I've never been too good with relationships. They like the chase and I can't think of anything more boring than acting like you don't want someone when it's clear that you do," almost as if proving his point, Castiel pressed his hand against Dean's stomach and pulled him back. Dean let his head fall back with a whimper as Castiel's bulge pressed into his ass, the line of his cock prominent through both of their jeans. "Do you want me, Dean? Or should I leave you alone?" His hands fell from Dean's body and he could think of nothing worse than being left alone when Castiel was right there. He twisted around and gripped Castiel's tee shirt, keeping him close. Dean was vaguely aware of the people staring at them now, but he refused to look away from Castiel's face. It was very lightly bruised, a ring of purple around his eyes, a scab over his left cheekbone, and a quarter shaped bruise at his jaw.
"I'm close, pet, where do you want it?" Castiel releases his grip on Dean's head so the boy can pull back. A string of saliva connects the head of Castiel's cock to Dean's bottom lip, and the boy chases it, pressing an open mouthed kiss to the head.
"Dean, if there's nothing
"Keep yourself out of trouble, doll," he sent Dean a wink before stalking off, shoving his hands into the pocket of his hoodie. Dean watched him walk away, his skin tingling and his cock aching.
. Dean opened his mouth to inquire further, but Castiel was already speaking again. "You have a beautiful body and you look fucking edible when you play basketball." Castiel turned away from the door, stepping into Dean's space until Dean was left with his back pressed to the wall. "Trying as hard as I can not to sound like a complete creep, I've been watching you for quite awhile," Dean's eyes fluttered as Castiel dipped his head towards his neck, his lips ghosting over his skin. One of his hands slid to his lower back, keeping him close, the other tangled in his hair, not gripping, just yet.
Castiel had to wear stockings under her skirt the next day because of the bruises Dean left on her thighs.
"May I ask why?" Dean asked carefully, keeping his eyes fixed on the elevator doors.
"What does it say?" Cas asked softly. As Dean was reading, Castiel had brought the carseat inside and closed the door. Dean handed it to Cas, slowly lowering himself down onto the floor. There was a trash bag beside it that Dean hadn't seen as first, so he reached for it as Cas read. It wasn't tied, so he pulled it open and started sifting through it. There were a few diapers, an almost empty pack of wipes, a few onesies, and a birth certificate. Dean pulled it out and cursed softly at it.
"Shut up!" Meg shoved a gag into his mouth, latching it around the back of his head. Dean yelled her name over the gag but she ignored him. He stilled, taking a deep breath, his fathers voice repeating in his head.
Dean buries himself beneath his covers and plays music to drown out both voices.
Cold, distant eyes squinted down at the pants Dean had just put on him, then he looked up questioningly.
"It's real, it's real, it's real," he sprang back. Dean shuffled a bit closer, peering down into the carseat.
"What?" Dean lowered the shirt to his side, his heart starting to beat harder. "Jack's in the school play. He's been talking about it for the past two weeks."
He cursed as he scrambled over to his backpack, ripping it open and dumping all of the contents onto the floor. He grappled with his sweater for his phone and unlocked it with trembling fingers. Castiel's contact was on his favorite list, and he bit his tongue when he clicked on it.
"Yeah," Castiel smiled proudly, his fingers tightening around Dean's throat as he snapped his hips again. This time, he didn't stop. He gripped Dean's throat with one hand, his hip with the other, and used his leverage over the boys body to fuck into him with a hard thrust of his hips. Dean gasped, his moans choppy and high, his hands gripping Castiel's wrist, not trying to pull it away, just holding onto it as tight as he could to ground himself. He tried to meet Castiel's thrusts, but he kept a tight hold on his hip, keeping him where he wanted him. Castiel was controlling everything about the situation, and all Dean could do was throw his head back and moan, taking everything he was given and begging for more.
"Thank you so much, Miss Talbot," he said, tears finally falling. Cas is right there beside him, pressing his forehead to Deans shoulder and sighing with relief.
"I don't think so, I have homework and I'm pretty worn out from the game," Dean said, trying to pull his wrist from the boy's grip.
"No way, I'm not sharing," Castiel chuckled, leaning her head back as Dean kissed along her jaw. "Fuck, where the hell are you?" Cas asked as Dean grinded down against her, her still sensitive clit brushing against his bulge, still covered by his boxers.
"Don't worry? How am I supposed to not worry, you're leaving me again!" Dean tried to sit up but it was too painful, he winced as he lowered himself back down. He tightened his grip around Castiel's wrist, too afraid to let go.
"Have a good time at
"Dad, look!" Jack held up a new pair of drumsticks, and Dean looked at Sam with a sarcastically wide smile.
"Out of the way, boy toy," Dean flinched as Meg shoved past him with a bulky first aid kit.
"Which one should I wear tonight?" Dean looked away from the mirror and looked at Lisa thoughtfully. The two dresses she was holding up were so vastly different from one another. In her right hand was a floor length red dress, covered completely in sequins. He could tell it would show off a lot of her cleavage, the dip in the chest would go to her sternum. In her left hand was a navy blue color, with lace sleeves, that puffed out on the bottom.
"Yeah, because after two glasses, your jokes start to get funnier," Jess teased as she took the bottle from him. He swatted her as she passed, making her laugh. Sam rolled his eyes fondly as he joined Dean in the backyard.
"Dean?" Castiel’s voice is so soft and reassuring that it finally does send him to his knees. The contact with the ground hurts, but he barely feels it behind the relief that washes over him. This feels pathetic, utterly and truly pathetic, but he can't find it in himself to care because he feels lost and Cas is staring down at him.
"Hey, you could borrow Benny for a night," Alfie asks giving an innocently devilish smile, "but only if I can watch."
"I'm sorry you've had such a rough day, baby," Dean ran his hand over her back, kissing her forehead.
"Yeah, who is this?" There was a scuffle on the other end of the phone and another voice, this one much more familiar, filtered through.
"Are you crying?" He asked softly.
"From who, Cas? From me? Because me and Jack are the only other ones here. So, what exactly is she protecting you from?" Dean asked, his lips trembling as he held back tears.
"Who says I said I can't finish it?" Dean asked with a cocky little smirk.
"I like your tattoo," Dean whispered, hesitantly reaching out to touch it. Castiel peered at him from over his shoulder, his face a careful mix of open and closed.
"What else are we supposed to do? We kill just
"May I ask why you've brought me here?" He asked as Castiel led them down the quiet hallway. Castiel didn't answer until they were in front of one of the doors. He turned to Dean with raised eyebrows.
"His sister?" Dean asked, biting his tongue after the fact. Chuck sighed, his tongue swiping over his teeth.
When Dean was allowed to turn around, he wrapped his arms around Castiel's waist and leaned up to kiss him. Castiel tangled his fingers in Deans hair, keeping his head exactly where he wanted him as he slipped his tongue into his mouth. Dean moaned into his mouth, his head fuzzy with pleasure.
"Ditch today, no one will even know you're gone," Dean said, pawing at Castiel's stomach with a little pout. For as manly and butch Dean acts, he can be quite clingy and demure when it comes to these private, intimate moments.
"Yeah totally" Dean smiled tightly as he pulled his jeans back on.
Dean pressed his teeth together hard, dropping his phone and reaching for the burner. He clicked redial and pressed the phone to his ear with trembling fingers.
noticed you, was at Victor's party last year. There was this guy trying to pressure you into going upstairs with him and you were pretty fucked up. You had been stumbling and slurring a bit, I don't take kindly to guys, or girls, trying to force themselves on people, so I stayed close. I was about to intervene when you punched him. Right in the nose, blood everywhere, then you kneed him and shoved him to the floor, cursing at him for being a prick. Fuck, I couldn't stop looking at you after that." Castiel pressed his hips to Dean's, slowly grinding down against him.
"Shit, sorry," Dean said, his thumb slightly coated in blood from Cas' cut.
"Alright, sweetheart, I hear you," she shushes him gently as she guides him over to the couch. "You sit and I'll be right back." He wants to whine and refuse, but most of all, he wants to be good. He sits down on her sofa, plush beneath him, and relaxed against it as best he can while she leaves the room. His stomach jumps like it wants to follow her, but he sits still. She is only gone for less than a minute before she is walking back into the room with a familiar looking weighted blanket. She set it on the couch, moved one of the pillows onto the floor, and gestured him down.
Dean moved to the side of the bed by the wall so he could undress without whoever was at the door seeing him. He slipped his shirt and jeans off, peeling his shoes and socks off before he could slide all the way out of his jeans. He dropped his boxers, pouting down at his dick, flushed red and steadily leaking precum. He was aching, but he didn't dare touch himself as he climbed onto the bed, laying on his back with his head propped up by the pillows. He distantly heard the door close, then Castiel was walking back in with a plate and a fork.
Dean had spent almost an entire hour fixing the lighting, fixing his bulge to fit neatly inside the panties, fixing his mirror, fixing his position on the floor. He'd ended up with a perfect picture when the sun was almost behind the mountains, golden light streaming over his skin, making him glow. He was sat on the floor, ass on his heels with his knees spread open. He lifted himself up slightly so his thighs flexed, one hand on his inner thigh and the other holding the phone at a good angle. He took a handful of pictures and was surprised at how good he looked in all of them. He knew he was good looking, but his body was something entirely different. He'd never loved his body more than when he was looking at that picture.
spine. That cocky devil act probably won't look so scary coming from a wheelchair," he said. He held the gun pointed at her leg as they moved around each other. He wanted to put a bullet in her head but he couldn't explain that very easily to Bobby. Meg moved over to the window, blood seeping from her furious face. She climbed down the side, sneering up at him as she walked away. He shut the window and locked it before allowing himself to collapse against the wall. He engaged the safety on the gun and dropped it beside himself with a shuddering inhale. He coughed out an exhale, his chest seizing up as the picture filtered into his mind. Dean cursed, burying his hands in his hair as he tried to slow his breathing.
"You know what's-" Dean stopped himself, his anger slowly melting into absolute frustration and despair. "You don't know shit, Meg. Not about me, not about my son, and definitely not about my husband." He turned to the car and swung the door open, settling into the drivers seat with a silent huff. Meg glared at him with her arms crossed the entire time as he was pulling out of the driveway.
"I'm not sure, buddy," Dean said truthfully. He guided the boy out of the front door, sparing one more glance towards the room. Silence. Darkness.
He bit his nails and paced his room some more, waiting for a response that steadily wasn't come. It had been an hour since he sent his initial message and the clock was ticking towards 12:20.
"I feel great," Dean said with a little shake of his head. "You have to get Anna," he said, swaying slightly as he struggled to keep his eyes open. Everything was fuzzy. Castiel's hands were warm and firm, making Dean's skin pulse with relief rather than pain.
"Shit," Miranda cursed under breathed and the car jerked. Cas gasped, his breath stuttering in his tightening throat.
warnings for this chapter: inappropriate use of pie; slight possessiveness; top cas/bottom dean; dirty talk; praise kink; some hand around throat action; finger sucking; some intimate action between Charlie, dean, and a third party that I am incredibly jealous of even though none of this really happened. Okay bye.
"Okay, how? If there's something you need, I can give it to you, or I can try. Dean, I can help you, you just have to trust me," she reaches out and touches his elbow but he folds in on himself and backs away from her touch. He turns his head away from the hurt look in her eyes at the action.
"Yeah, Mandy was pretty tone deaf," he said.
"I love you." Dean tilted his head into the kiss, stealing one more before Cas pulled away fully with a soft laugh.
"We just wanted to check on you both, see how you were doing
Two weeks, not a single Castiel sighting and not a single text. Not even when Dean sent another picture of him in panties- jade and satin- absolute radio silence. He'd stopped himself multiple times from asking Castiel where he was, afraid that he'd seem desperate or needy, even though he really is. Mostly he's just concerned. He has no idea where his-sort-of-boyfriend, sort-of-friends-with-benefits, sort-of-
"Can I- another- another finger, please," he asked. Castiel didn't pull away this time. He added another digit alongside the first, spreading them open and wiggling his tongue in between them. Dean gasped, his hips rocking back with little uncontrolled
"Meg had friends in town so we went to get a drink. Gosh, Dean, I forgot how good it felt to dance," there was a smile in his voice, a big, carefree smile as Dean was digging his fingernails into his scalp.
"Come on, baby," she tugged him up until he was pressed into her side, his arm going around her waist, his head resting against her shoulder, nose rubbing against her jaw. She ran the tips of her fingers along his back, her voice soothing sweet nothings against his forehead as he sank into a blissfully light headspace.
"Right, well, try not to think about me while you're in there," she pulled her hand away front when door, "in the shower," she pressed the button for her floor, "naked," smirking as the doors began to close, "wet," she watched Dean chest rise with a sharp inhale. "Bye Dean," she waved her fingers as the doors shut.
"No, you're not a twink, what are you?" Castiel slid the hand in Dean's hair down to his neck, his fingers squeezing just slightly around his throat. Deans cheeks immediately went red, his hips stuttering. "What are you, pet?" Castiel asked again, squeezing his throat tighter. Dean's eyes rolled back, his head falling back against the wall.
She was right. It was a shit ton of paperwork that she had to read over and have him sign. Cas ran out while Dean did the singing, taking Deans car across the street to Target to pick up a new car seat and a few essentials that they'd need while they were waiting for results. He hooked the car seat in place before driving back to the hospital, keeping the old one in the trunk so they could show the caseworker. Bela was thoroughly unimpressed with the car seat that Jack showed up in, and she took a few pictures to put in their file. They saw her smile for the first time when she was waving them goodbye.
"Yeah, that's a good one, buddy," Dean agreed, blinking heavily. Jack hummed, lost in thought as they continued their drive. Dean thought maybe this would be a stepping stone. His talk with Sam was based off of anger and sadness that Meg seemed to be so much better at bringing Cas out of his depression. But they did movie night every Friday since they adopted jack. He was a mere eight months old and the first movie they subject him to was Indiana Jones, Deans insistence. Dean would claim it was Ford that kept his attention for nearly 2 hours, but Cas knew it was because Dean talked to him the whole time. Jack was enthralled by Dean's voice, and the picture Cas took that night was the first picture ever taken of Dean with their son.
"That's not my name," Meg said through gritted teeth.
"I found it when I was cleaning out the garage. I was just thinking about how we ended up here. This quiet life." His eyes travel to the sea and the outline of a little boy frolicking near the waters edge. "How different it would be if you didn't come back to me."
"Time for the fun," she said, then she started cutting his clothes off.
"I'm glad I fingered you before dinner," her voice dropped into that sweet, seductive tone that it always does when she has settled into a scene. It makes Dean settle into his own skin. "You were so good, sitting there with a plug in, in front of all of our friends. You never safeworded so I assume you enjoyed yourself," she kissed down his chest, her tongue sliding around one nipple, her teeth following. He gasped, pressing his chest up against her mouth. "How did it feel, baby? Did it feel good?" Dean opened his eyes a little wider, trying to focus as her knee pressed against his crotch again. The chains jangled as he tugged at them, he knew the cuffs were a good decision. It was instinct to try and grip onto her thigh, try to gain leverage so he could hump against her as he so desperately wanted to.
what does she want mom for?
"The one that shot me, it was my brother Ross. Well, not technically my brother but he was also raised by Chuck. I took the drive two days before that night, I could tell that someone knew something was up so I set up a meeting with Gabriel and Luke. I wasn't going to give them the drive, I just needed to see who was onto me. I had Gabriel shoot me just to buy a little bit of time while Gabe and Luke dumped the body. I knew they wouldn't believe it was a deal gone wrong but by the time they stitched me up, Ross was gone and you were with Ash, that's all that mattered," Castiel explained.
