Slowly, his hands move up to the edge of his mask pulling it up and off. Once his hands are back in his lap she makes quick work of checking out his black eye and cleaning up the bit of blood from his nose.
“Steve,” she whispers, walking slowly in his direction but is knocked over by some energy surrounding him.
"No, Yes, Yes, No,"  Wanda said as she joined us, "but be careful, he's bringing his son whose only one year old."
"Get the fuck off of me," I'm screaming in Russian, "Let go of me, I am not going to have sex with you."
"Bucky. Bucky's the one that's missing," I say fighting back the urge to cry, "He got in a crash the night of your wedding and no one has been able to find him. All that was found at the crash was your bike and-and-"
"I know you just said earlier tonight that you're finally home," he says looking down at his hands, "but I need to go find some answers about this arm, and I was won-"
"Let me try," I say looking at Malick, without waiting for a reply I walk over to him, "You sick son of a bitch are going to tell my friends what they want to know, you understand?"
I laugh pulling him into a giant hug. We stand there for a minute or two until mom walks over and joins the hug.
"RED ALERT! RED ALERT!" The alarm system bellows, "WE HAVE A RED ALERT IN THE LAB, ALL AVAILABLE AVENGERS ARE NEEDED IN THE LAB."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I did, but he just whines and throws a hiss-y fit," Dad says, "It's like getting any of you to take your medicine when you were younger."
I look over to the couch and see the fear in Clint's and Laura's eyes. I wrap my arms around my daughter and rock her softly.
"Thank you," I say turning to face Pietro, "For being her friend and there for her when I couldn't."
With that I turn and walk out of the room. I see red and green mist working around Bucky. Wiping away the tears from my eyes I walk towards the area that Laura and Pietro are waiting in.
Next thing that happens is Dylan rushing out of the kitchen and heading towards her room, I turn back to Clint.
"I'll tell you when Pietro gets back from the hanger and when Wanda gets down here," he replies moving away from Natasha.
"What? Oh, yeah, of course I'd come out to you," he says, still trying to process what Laura said, "I know we've only known each other for about a month, but I feel a really close connection with you."
I sit there on the floor, having Laura whisper soothing words into my shoulder as she holds me in her arms.
"Yeah, hopefully tonight she'll finally sleep through the night," I say taking a seat on the armchair across from them, just as Pietro walks in and sits on the arm next to Clint.
"She doesn't want anything to do to me," I interrupt Nat, "She told me I'm not her dad, not emotionally at least."
I stand there, seeing my family all in this room, and start to cry. I feel Clint take Nathaniel from my arms and Bucky wrapping me in his arms so my face in buried into his chest.
"I've read through all your research," Bruce says as he walks into the kitchen, joining the group, "and you've run every possible scenario, even ones I didn't know where possible, and there is nothing else to do."
Loki takes a step towards her, trying to show a form of affection. Lily puts her hand up, silently telling him to stay away. He tries again, she pushes her hands towards him resulting in an energy surge blasting him across the room. Lily, after realising what just happened, rushes to his side looking for signs of injuries.
I stand there taking it all in that four Avengers are standing in this crummy motel room. While stand there, I slowly loosen the grip I have on the gun and reach my hand out towards Wanda.
“Dad, you can’t do this. He’s going to kill you and this time I can’t bring you back,” she says following her father to the meeting place, on top of Avengers Tower.
"If you really care about her you wouldn't do this," Steve yelled, "If you honestly had feelings for Dylan you would blackmail her into being with you."
"Yes, Dylan taught me. I was planning on signing to propose to you," Pietro says right before kissing him.
"I see you and your daughter are alive," a man says, "and if your file is correct, that's your father sitting there too."
Before we can go back to our earlier conversation we hear Bucky yell, "Didn't mean to hurt me? Didn't mean to fucking hurt me? What do you think would happen if you just up and left after we slept together."
"Selfish as ever Tony," Bucky says walking over to me, "Hey, hey, Dylan. Shhhh, I'm here for you. What's wrong?"
She laughs at this leaning into him smiling at how calm it is at this moment. Then the moment stops. There’s a knock at the door, she steps away from him and move to answer it. She pulls open the door and see her father standing on the other side.
"Dylan, it's me Pietro," Pietro whispers to me, "Get up and get dressed, we need you to come with us."
"You don't want, oh um, I don't know her baby-daddy there or your son and granddaughter or you know your other two children," Natasha says as we walk towards the hanger.
"When I was younger I learned of this prophecy about soulmates," Loki starts, "It said that the Watcher of the Worlds could look throughout all the 9 realms and find you your soulmate. I went to Heimdall and asked him to search for mine, it was your daughter, he found her when she was 7 after she was kidnapped from you. I've had him keep watch on her ever since then, I did not believe in being able to love someone but over the years I fell for her. I knew everything that happened to her and couldn't help her.
"No, Laura needs to get to know her dad before she meets her grandfather," I answer back in Russian.
"No, you are not going to attack him," Pietro says pulling me to the other side of the room, "You are going to sit here and listen to Dylan. You are going to move past this as Dylan has."
Lily drops the medical book she's looking at once Everett says those few words. She quickly says her goodbyes and hangs up the phone, asking FRIDAY to get Eric for her.
"He'll be back with news," he says, "Hopefully, it's that the trail ends that way we know that someone dragged him away and is healing him."
They land at back at the base, Lily carrying the device in her hands, and walk off the Quinjet. Happy meets them just inside the doors with an exhausted look on his face.
There's a knock at the door, I yell to let them know it's open. When the door opens we see Clint and Nathaniel walk in, I see just how red in the face Nathaniel is. I jump up off the bed and walk over to the crying baby taking him in my own arms.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We arrive at the park in two cars, once everyone is out of the cars we walk towards an area that has a small playground and a tree for shade. I lay out the blanket we brought and sit in the shade. Everyone else sits down around the blanket as Nathaniel crawls in the middle.
I sit there moving away from Laura so I can look at Pietro, "No he didn't attack me," I answer back in Russian so Laura doesn't know what I say, "I told him, I told him about Laura being his."
"Oh, okay. But no, today was great," I reply, seeing him perk up, "I really feel like we're going to be great friends. She's helping me a lot with being a single parent in this field."
"It's because of Bucky," he says after his suit powers up, "He attacked me and destroyed the lab. All he said was 'She's next, I have to bring her to them. Anyone in my way dies.'  I have no idea who he's talking about, it's either you or Laura."
"All of you are fools," Loki says, "Dylan, stop this madness. I'll kill everyone before I ever let you marry him."
“Well that’s not the only common ground we have, the kid seemed to recognize you,” he says, “and he’s annoying so we can talk about how annoying he is.”
I nod still in my Dads arm as he rocks me trying to calm me down. I feel two sets of arms help me up and carry me towards the medical room. I lay on the bed having the doctor check out my leg saying it is fully healed.
"I have a two part question for you," I say around a piece of bacon, "One, do you know what's going on with your grandfather, and two, do you know where your father is?"
"Dylan, I need to talk to him alone," I say turning to her, "He'll be fine, Pietro will stay and make sure I don't hurt him."
"If we sign this, and they reach out to us, we have to turn them in," Pietro throws another question Tony's way.
I walk down to the gym after lunch and see Pietro there practicing with Steve. I push the door open and walk over to the bench next to the sparing ring they're in.
"Just let her sleep, Clint," I hear Bucky say, "When we get back to base and she sees Laura we'll sit down as a team and here everything."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We walk towards the elevator and head down towards the cell that Bucky is in, Dad walks into the viewing area as I follow Steve into the cell. We stop in front of the door, Steve pushes the door open and walks in. I stop in the doorway looking at Bucky sitting there, I walk in closing the door behind me.
Before I have time to react another quinjet lands, I look over to Steve whose just as confused as the rest of us. He walks over to the new jet as the back opens and sees the rest of the team walking out,
"Oh, James," I look over at him, "No. I'm exhausted, I had to bring our daughter back from the dead today after being unconscious for two days in the hospital. I just want to get changed, curl up in bed, and sleep."
"Yes I am," I say looking between our stomachs, "I still think it's weird that you asked Laura to be your surrogate, but who am I to judge?"
A flash of blue appears next to Lily in her office, carefully placing a woman on her feet. Lily looks over to the woman seeing pain in her eyes, the same eyes showing that she was just crying, and recognizes who it is standing in front of her.
Dad falls off the counter from laughing too hard, I walk over and help him up. Tony looks down at the beer in his hand embarrassed, mumbling something about being sorry. Which causes me to start laughing, allowing Tony to loosen up some and start laughing at Dad for falling of the counter. We continue to laugh until Steve clears his throat from the doorway.
"Someone made the crash happen," I say to no one, "Someone wanted Bucky either dead or injured enough to capture."
"It matters to me because I heard the horrible things you made him do," I turn to him, still rocking Ras, "It matters to me because I swore I was going to hurt you like you hurt him. Laura, take Ras."
"We're taking her to the medical wing," Wanda whispers to me, "Tony will be here soon to help you to the medical wing to get your leg checked out."
"Dylan, I understand that you want to focus on Laura and get to know Clint all over again as your father," he says as he walks over to stand next to me looking out the window, "but there comes a time in your life when you have to do something for yourself."
"That's our baby," I say as I kiss his hand. The doctor moves the censor around a little more and we hear another sound,
He races into Steve's room and is back before I can turn around to Laura, "He said that would be great, for you to walk him not me racing tot get Wanda."
“Looks like stitches,” she says sitting across from him, “you have to be out of here in a few minutes, Happy’s on his way here.”
"We ran some tests earlier and both you and your baby are great," the doctor says giving me a sympathetic smile, "I'm sorry for your lost."
"Dylan left, with Laura and Bucky," I say looking out the window at the open field that Dylan was just in, "She didn't want to be somewhere she wasn't wanted."
“God, I just hate the idiot that lives above me,” she says as she and Happy walk down her block hand in hand, “I mean two am is not the time to start yodeling.”
Laura reaches her hand out and shakes her hand. They stand there chatting away about different things that they've drawn.
"Well, I mean it's going to happen, we're going to get engaged and then we're going to get married," he replies.
I smile and hear the music starting and Tony and his group walk out of their room. I motion for Copper and Laura to start walking and head towards Steve's room opening it just enough for me to slip in.
"Yeah, he's the man that just tried to kill us and right now we need him alive to answer some questions," I spit back.
"No, Laura, that's not what she said," I walk over to her, "She just doesn't want to be the reason me and Cooper don't have a good relationship."
“Answer the call please, it’s starting to stress me out,” Steve says as she finishes up the last stitch.
"You just sit here and flip the switches I tell you to when I need them, okay," he asks as he takes control of the jet again.
"No, well yes, but that's Loki," Pietro retorts, "the one that brainwashed and kidnapped Clint before the battle of New York."
Bucky nods as he slowly starts to move into a seated position. Wanda walks over to one side of him and sits down, Loki stands by the doorway not moving.
"No, you and Dad should get married, I'm just a cynical person," I say sitting next to him, "I mean you nearly died for that guy, I know you both will be able to make it through anything. I just don't think I could, it's just my views on marriages in this lifestyle, I support everyone that does I just don't want it."
“It’s fine,” she replies, looking down at the bottle in her hand, “how long does it take to deliver a pizza?”
“Right after you left the hospital in DC actually,” he says as he pulls open the door for her, “stay in here unless I say otherwise.”
I stand in Tony's lab looking over different surveillance footage Jarvis pulled for me of Bucky's crash.
They stand there, saying their vows. Tony managed to get through his with no tears but starts crying when Steve starts his. Clint and Bucky quickly hand over the rings to Thor so he is able to have the couple exchange them.
"Two," Loki says, "he's missing two. The message he sent out was stating that he found Vision and got the Mind Stone, he's only missing the Time Stone and obviously the Soul Stone."
The door opens and he walks out. After he's been gone for a couple of hours I slowly sit up, resulting in a lot of pain, and grab my clothing. I turn off all the lights in the cell not wanting to see anything in that room and curl up in the far corner on the floor and cry until I slip into a sleep littered with the nightmare of that evening.
"Sorry, just got caught up in something," I say walking to stand next to my dad, "Did you need something, or just wanting to be a pain in the ass?"
"How can I heal him, he's been shot 47 times," I say starting at this silver haired man laying unconscious in front of me.
“Don’t you worry about that,” she says pushing him back down, “and I’m the worst person to ask anyway, haven’t left your side since you’ve got here. That was about a day and a half ago.”
Laura and Dylan are just getting used to living in this small dingy room, when there is a knock at the door.
“Happy,” she says, “you know, Tony’s friend and co-worker’s and the guy I’m dating. I can’t stay up here, we don’t have secrets and the longer I stay here with you the bigger this secret gets.”
It's been three weeks since we've moved into the facility, I've been able to keep my contact with Bucky to a minimum. When I do talk to him Pietro is always there to keep me centered and to stop me from running out of the room.
"No, I didn't know she was going to come back," I say walking towards him, "The doctors always told me that when she was fifteen that's when it would work, not a moment before then. I honestly thought I lost her, until metal chest told me her body was twitching."
"Okay, so we asked a few people to give little, ummm," Pietro stands by the mic looking confused with the word he wants.
"I want a big wedding, I'm not going to change that," Pietro whines from the change room, "This is going to be my first and last wedding and I want it to be big."
When Tony hears that he reaches up pulling Steve's head down to his and kisses him with loving passion. Everyone in the crowd breaks out in cheers when they break apart and walk up the aisle. Wanda reaches over and pulls Dylan up the aisle with her behind Cooper and Laura. They all gather for some group photos before Steve and Tony go off to get photos of just them.
Just a heads up that this has Captain America: Civil War spoilers in it, pretty much a complete summary of what happened. So don't read it until you see the movie, or you know don't mind spoilers.
Steve and Tony come rushing out of the kitchen and see Bucky stand there with us. Before Bucky can say anything, Tony is dragging him towards his lab to get checked out.
We sit there in silence, Jarvis muted the news, so all we see are the flashes of clean up crews in the area.
I sit there looking at my hands knowing that I just spilled my every thought I've had since I moved into that motel room. I feel Pietro shift beside me, seconds later I feel myself being pull into unfamiliar arms.
"Thank you," she says, "it was just a small fight between siblings, nothing serious. How are Frigga and our princes doing?"
“Why haven’t we talked about living together,” he asks, “I mean I think we’re ready, but is there a reason you haven’t brought it up?”
I pull her into a hug as she starts to cry, "She's pushing herself away for our family," I say calming her, "She's being a stubborn little ass just like me."
“Then you freak out,” Clint says, “and try again, and you keep that cycle until you find someone that doesn’t make you freak out when they mention moving in.”
I lay in bed curled up against Bucky's chest. I feel a pair of hands grab my shoulders and start shaking me. I reach under my pillow pulling a gun pointing it at the persons face, while holding up the blanket to my naked chest.
I walk towards the elevator looking down the hallway to everyone's room and see Pietro standing outside a door knocking as much as he can. I smile to myself feeling happy that I don't have to deal with all this drama as the doors to the elevator close and I leave the base.
"We were talking on the flight here, I never took it to heart. I honestly thought he was trying to joke around and show a humanistic side," I yell back.
I wake up the next morning to the smell of bacon being cooked in the kitchen, I reach out to where Bucky normal sleeps and feel that his side is empty. I roll out of bed and make my way towards the kitchen feeling the stiffness in my muscles with every move I make. I walk into the kitchen and see Steve there cooking bacon and waffles as Tony sits on the counter next to him.
"Why would she feel the same way when she's met me," Ross retorts, "I made a complete ass of myself the first time we met and she's still around. You only met her because your boss hired her."
"I'm crazy about you Dylan," he whispers, I jump out of bed flying into his dresser, "Shit, okay. Dylan, shhhh. I'm sorry, please breathe for me. I know this is a panic attack and I know it's because of everything I put you through, I'm sorry."
"Dylan, are you alright," Steve asks as he barges into the hallway before Bucky can react, "I have Bruce with me, we should really get you checked out."
I look around his room and see that it's just as bare as mine, expect for one picture he has on his nightstand. I walk over and pick in up looking at the happy family in the photo.
, and Pietro and Dad walk in holding hands. Everyone erupts into cheer as they walk in, after they get to the center of the room they start their first dance. Vision and Wanda join them, followed shortly after by Natasha and Cooper, I stand there watching smiling. Seconds later Bucky is leading me onto the floor and we join them dancing, I fake a smile as the photographer whizzes around everyone but feel the obvious tension between Bucky and myself. Once the song ends I walk over to Mom and Lila and sit down with them.
"I don't think Dad will forgive him, he hated him after I told him the truth of everything," I say sitting on a fallen tree, "I don't think James will want anything to do with me ever again, I told him he's dead to me."
Together they move him onto a gurney and start to move towards the medical area all the while Clint and Avery are standing on the base and putting pressure on his injuries. They move into the elevator, bumping over the doorway which causes one of his tourniquets to come loose spraying her in the face, she makes quick work of tightening it. Once on the floor with the medical setup staff move in and take over allowing her and Clint to hop off.
“It’s fine, I’ll drive myself back and make sure a car is here for you tomorrow,” Tony says walking around the car.
It's been three months since Dad and Pietro's wedding, I sit on the couch in the common area with Bucky and Laura holding my stomach. The baby's been kicking off and on for the past couple of hours.
"Don't run away, I've noticed that every time I enter a room or talk to you, you tense up. I know you worked for Hydra and I want to apologize for anything I did to you when I was there. I was brainwashed and didn't know what I was doing, there wasn't anything I could do," he spills out, "I reall-"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
She grabs the stitches kit and sits in front of Steve again. Pulling on a pair of gloves, she starts cutting away his uniform from the gash on his side. Slowly she starts to clean the area, she opens the pack and start to stitch up the gash.
"Good, I have an odd question for you though," I say glancing over at Loki, "Would you be willing to plan another wedding?"
"Bucky, you are not leaving. I don't care if you think it'll be better for the team," Steve continues, "Hydra is still looking for you, and I'm not going to hand you over on a silver platter."
She gets halfway to him as she watches him turn and use his body as a human shield for the boy in his arms. Then everything happens in slow motion, Pietro runs pushing Clint and the boy behind the car getting hit with all the bullets, she reaches them as Pietro collapses to the ground.
Before anyone can answer there is a knock at the door, Bruce opens in just as Tony and Steve walk in.
"Hey, kiddo," Dad says rubbing my back after I finished getting sick, "What's wrong? Are you that nervous about Bucky being released?"
"Can we tell him now," Bucky whispers to me in Russian, so Pietro can't hear us. I nod, smiling at him.
"Why not? I mean it's not like we don't hear yours, for someone that fast you'd think he wouldn't be a screamer," Tony says handing out a beer to me.
He places her in front of me. I look down at her pulling her body into my arms trying to heal her. I place my hands on her heart trying to stop the bleeding.
I nod in return, not trusting my voice. I feel Pietro move closer to me and put his hand on my shoulder. I jump slightly at the touch but relax quickly after.
"I couldn't agree more," I say as I start to lift the cup of coffee to my lips, before I get a sip it's out of my hands, "Pietro, I'm going to kill you if you do that again."
"I’m trying to recruit a friend of mine to work for us," she says, "a mutual friend of ours is having a work event this evening that I’m kind of crashing. So I’m technically leaving a fun work event to go do work."
We stand there waiting for Bucky to say something, but he doesn't he just storms out past all of us. I'm about to run after him but am stopped by a giant hug from Pietro, which is shortly joined by Laura and Dad. I look over Pietro's shoulder and give Steve a pleading look to go and find Bucky, he races out with Tony close on his heals.
"I don't care what you said," Bucky says helping me up to my feet, "All I care about is that you're okay. Are you okay?"
I lean up and kiss him, he reaches down and wraps his arm around my waist lifting to sit me on the counter.
"From the sounds of what we talked about," I say looking back at the three people fast asleep, "He just wanted the big party."
. I look over at the team as the make their way towards Clint and Natasha, when I see him. I turn and start running out of there as fast as I can, I end up back in our room and lock the door trying to figure out how soon Laura and I can leave when there's a knock on the door.
"I have three, we both know Nathaniel," I say reaching behind Laura to place my hand on Bucky's shoulder to calm him, "I have another brother and a sister."
"Heimdall, Lila is the only thing that can help shed a light on everything," the guard calls out, as a car whizzes past their heads.
I walk up to the mic smiling at the happy couple, "Thanks Dad and Pietro, first I want to say to Pietro, don't ever call me your step-daughter again," this receives laughs from the crowd, "I want to thank everyone that is here to help celebrate this amazing time. I know that they said I'm the reason that we're even here today but that's not true. Yes, I had a small hand in it, bringing Pietro back from the brink of death, but it was their love and commitment to each other, their ability to see past the dangers of our careers, and their understanding that we know everything about each others lives that has us here today. I want everyone here to join me in raising a glass in honour of these two great fathers," I smirk at them while saying that, "Clint and Pietro. Cheers."
His hands trail down my back making their way to my waist, he quickly lifts me so that I'm straddling his hips. I part from kissing his neck, I look up at him and am pulling into a sloppy kiss. I wrap my hands up into his hair deepening the kiss with each passing moment, his hands slip up under my shirt as he starts to trace my spine. I move my head down to kiss along his jawline, leaving a trail of kisses along his neck until I push his shirt out of the way and meet his collarbone with my lips. I feel his hands continue up my back bringing my shirt with it, I'm about to move away just enough to remove my shirt when we were shouting coming from down the hall.
"I want you to do something for yourself," he says looking away from me now, "I want you to be able to say I made the right choice."
"I'm Dylan, it''s nice to finally meet you," I say as I shake her hand, "It's a pleasure to meet you as well, Mr. Stark and Captain Rogers."
"It's fine, it was just a twinge. I'm fine," I interrupt him before he can go full panic, "Don't worry."
After we landed, Steve walked us around the facility giving us a quick tour and then showed us our room. After unpacking the only bag we have, Laura went zooming out of the room to find Tony and learn as much as she could. I took this time to finally relax and sleep a good deep sleep.
I race after him but can't catch him. I walk towards the common area and flop onto the couch just as Pietro and Dad walk in to see all the decorations that are up.
"That's why you pulled the gun on me the first morning you were here, you were upset about Bucky," Steve says looking between Dylan and Bucky, "That's why you protected yourself when he hugged you, you were still jumpy around him. Everything makes sense now."
Bruce is telling everyone where he's been for the last couple of years when they hear Dylan and Bucky yelling at each other in the kitchen.
"I can't believe this," Lily yells, "I honestly can't believe this. Actually, I can because it's you, but I never thought you would do this type of thing to me, your brother yes, but me NEVER!"
"Come on, we have to go wait in their room until the party now. Pietro and Tony planned this be entrance for tonight and want us included," she says dragging us towards Dad and Pietro's room.
"Woah, wait, what," I sputter out, "I'm sorry but I am a women of my word, I said I was going to marry you and that's what I'm going to do. I don't care what happened in that room with Dad, I don't break my word."
"Laura, Pietro, stop," I say looking at the hurt in Tony's face, "Can we think about signing it? Can we have some time, Tony?"
"This is the perfect combination of both of them," Wanda says smiling over at her brother, "You really know how to get through to him when Clint and I can't."
"You knew he was going to say yes and couldn't calm me down," he says pulling me into a massive hug.
"Bucky was brainwashed," I state, "He chose to do those things, he chose to brainwash me and kidnap me."
"Sparky, I didn't mean for you to go and cause an earthquake," Tony says from right behind my Dad, my eyes slowly starting to focus on them.
"Rett," she says, ebbing caution in her voice, "these are my friends you're talking about. You know the rule."
Dylan and Laura have been getting to know Bucky over the past couple of weeks and decide to bring him on there outing with Clint and Nathaniel to the park.
"Well, umm, maybe," I say trying to figure out if I can trust her with this, "could we go somewhere private? Like somewhere Jarvis can't see us?"
I hop onto the counter pouting at him, knowing that he's right. Steve chuckles to himself as he continues to make breakfast.
“My boyfriend that passed away,” she whispers, her eyes tearing up, “he passed away the night right after we decided to move in together.”
I feel the arms around release me and see a figure go over and hug Bucky knocking him off balance. I straighten up at this sight, looking at this women who appears to be my height with my blonde hair. She turns around and I see a more feminine face of the one right behind her.
"Clint, his name is Clint," I spit back at him turning to face him, "He's not running out on his son when he obviously needs his father."
"No, you were just muttering 'fell for' over and over," he asks, moving closer to me, "is everything okay?"
"This is serious, Captain Fancy pants swore," Bucky says getting up walking towards the playground to gather up Cooper, Laura, and Lila.
I reach down and take her hand, "Lets go get ready for a wedding." We walk out of the room and go get ready.
"Let's go for a walk then," he says wrapping a coat around my shoulders, "Let's get out of this base for a while."
," Cooper hollers, "Just last week I was your big boy. I was told all my life that I was your first kid, that I was the oldest and now you bring this, this stranger into my home and tell me that she's my older sister. That she's your first kid!"
"Hi, can I talk to you for a second," she asks as Laura walks out of the bathroom, she takes Nate from my arms and puts him in his crib as I follow Wanda into the hallway.
“Because it isn’t real until his funeral,” she says, “I mean just look at Dad, and Uncle Nick, both were pronounced dead and they kind of aren’t.”
"Nothing, I don't think I can laugh anymore and still have control of my bladder," I say walking over to the bar stool behind the island.
“I’m not the ones who decided to be overprotective,” she says, “I was just raised right and knew there was no point arguing. It’s been three months; I can take care of myself.”
“I’m inviting you up for pizza and a drink,” she says, “some might call this a date. Normally for a date you’d go out but all my nice clothes are still packed away.”
"The first-born twin between an Asgardian and a Celestial Being will be born with an Infinity Stone within them," he says, "once they die the stone will be released."
She types a reply to Peter putting her medical bag on the table and go to her room to change. She come out of the room to see Peter sitting on her couch with a gash in his side.
"I was there for a year getting better, when I was fourteen they put me through this painful process that gave me my abilities. I was in a rock cocoon, which is nothing like what you three went through. When I was fifteen the women sold me to Hydra for information on her biological daughter."
Just giving you a heads up that this is the chapter with the flashback to where Dylan was raped. It contains non-consensual underage sex and will be quite graphic. If you don't want to read this chapter I completely understand and will hopefully have a happier chapter up soon.
The doors open and I walk out towards his cell. I quickly jump into the viewing part and see him sitting there tied to the chair in the middle of the room. I place my hand against the glass wishing I could be there with him. I walk out of the room and turn to walk towards the elevator pausing for a minute before I turn and walk towards the cell door. I push the door open and walk in sitting on the chair by the door.
"Good to see you again," she says, "I need you to come in with me. I'm looking for someone with a similar energy as you and it would be easier if you weren't running around the city at super speed."
I smile at them both as they walk onto the jet, I watch as Dad and Natasha sit in the two pilot seats bickering about something.
Lily rushes out of the room, quickly kissing Ross' cheek, heading in the direction of her office and leaving the four men behind.
Everyone starts to cheer, Steve and Tony walk up to congratulate them. I turn and walk back to stand next to Bucky at the bar. I see Pietro and Dad rush towards the bar to get champagne.
"We are gathered her today, to join this man and this women in holy matrimony," the priest starts, "If anyone should see a fit reason that these two should not be join, please speak now or forever hold your peace."
“It’s not going to take long, why don’t you grab us each another beer,” she says grabbing a garbage bag from under her sink. She put the pizza box and paper plates into the bag and place it in her trash can, turning she happily accept the beer in Happy’s out stretched hand.
“What else is there to do if you hate your neighbour so much,” he asks as they walk through the buildings doors.
"I was really hoping you were going to say that," he says smiling down at me, "Leave it to Tony and Steve to get in our way."
"You have you're inhuman abilities, one of which is healing not just yourself but others. If I return and he is not alive I will kill you and your daughter," the man said as he left.
"Sweetheart," Dylan says putting Laura down, "I have to tell you something, okay?" Laura nods, "Clint, is my father, just like Bucky is yours. That means that he's your grandfather."
We exit the elevator, I hand Ras over to Laura and follow behind Steve as he leads the group of us towards a lab.
Those weren't the right words. His face drops, I edge closer to the edge of the seat. I have no idea what to do, or say really.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," I scream jolting up into a seat position, the sheets drenched in sweat, "Ahhh, ahh, ah. Jarvis, who else is up?"
We walk of the quinjet and split into our two teams. I lead Clint and Pietro in through an old service entrance that is rarely guarded. I sent Pietro in front looking around the base for Dylan.
I wake up feeling the cool metal of Bucky's arm wrapped around my should. I lay there trying to remember everything that happened the day before. I feel Bucky shift as he wakes up, I sit up sharply remembering what I did yesterday.
I look at the chair she's talking to and see Gideon sitting there, I'm about to walk over to him when I'm knocked off balance by someone.
Everyone goes back to their conversations and I just sit there starting to relax a bit around this group of people until he walks in. I stand up staring at him as he walks towards the coffee pot, just like a normal person, I start walking towards the door but am stopped by a hand on my shoulder. I turn around pulling my gun I had concealed out pointing it at Steve, and everyone else in the room stops what they're doing staring at me.
“I need your help,” he says after the door is closed, “Bucky is waking up in a couple of days and I’d like to have my nurse there.”
I sit there in silence not trusting my voice to say anything more without breaking completely. Loki reaches out and cautiously takes my hand, rubbing small circles on it trying to show compassion. I give a small smile his direction as the jet lands in the clearing, we stand up and walk in together.
"How is that possible," Dad says from his spot in the room, "Bucky shot her, how can that affect you weeks later?"
I get up and walk out of the room, making my way towards the cells where I heard they were keeping Bucky. I walk past everyone and head into the viewing part of the cell, I flick on the speaker to hear what Steve is telling Bucky.
I stand and place my hand on the handle to the cell, "Will you visit me while I'm still down here," he asks right before I leave.
"Momma, it's okay. I'm here and so is Pietro," I focus my eyes onto those of my daughter and start to calm down.
"Steve, I'm fine," I say resting my hand on his shoulder, "The headaches are gone, our son is fine, yes Dad knows."
I'm about to say something when Dylan yells back "Sorry. Bucky, you have to understand that this is hard. You have no idea how much I wanted to stay in bed that morning but Tony barged in and brought me back to reality."
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," I scream again in pain as I feel a hand touch my forehead. I reach up placing my hand on the one on my forehead and feel the familiarity of it, after I touch the hand the pain stops instantaneously. I sit there on the ground, still blinded by the pain I just went through, it's not until I feel arms around me that I start to see the room again.
"I've not only figure out how to remove the Infinity Stone," she says, "but I've also created and tested a replacement energy source."
“Or how about this,” she says standing up, “I go to sleep and then head back to the city and live my life and if Loki is after me I’ll deal with it if and when it happens.”
"He's an intern for Tony," Lily replies, "I asked if he could join us today, I feel this would be a good learning experience for him. If it's not too much trouble, Rett."
"You were in a car with him for an hour of course he knows," Tony says, "you probably gave him the condensed version though."
"I don't want to live in this world without you by my side," Bucky says reaching out resting his hand on my cheek.
They step out of the elevator and walk onto the roof, scanning the area she sees Steve and Loki standing near the edge of the building. Grabbing her father’s arm, she tries and pull him away from this situation but an unsuccessful. They walk towards the two men as they turn to face them.
"They are really happy about it. Nathaniel cannot wait until he's an older brother," Dad says as the five year old walks in.
“I didn’t mean for this to start,” he says, rocking them softly, “I thought you knew and were okay with it. I didn’t know he didn’t tell you.”
"Pissing you off results in you using the power from the Infinity Stone," Loki says through staggered breaths, "good to know for any future fights we might have."
"Yeah, it's me. I couldn't let you wake up without me by your side, it's what we do, it's our thing," I say while crying softly, "They're going to make you better, okay?"
"You were someone before your training, you were Clint's daughter living on a freaking farm," he says looking smug like he just won, "change back to her, be her again."
I see the hurt growing in his eyes at what I just said. I see Pietro's eyes shift from those of a friend to a defensive boyfriend. Before I'm able to backtrack and apologize we hear the sounds of a quinjet landing in the open field behind Clint and Pietro.
Pietro shyly waves at the group standing in Tony's lab. Lily walks over to one of the computers pulling up Bruce's algorithm.
"She's trying to escape," he says, "I want to send the Valkyrior, I will ask Brunnhilde to lead them."
"Umm, right," Clint says, "I never thought of that. I thought I had years before I had to think of a name."
Dylan, Pietro, Clint and Bucky make their way to meet up with the rest of the team and head back to the base when the truth comes out.
The van pulls away from the curb leaving Lila standing there, alone for the first time ever in this city.
"Hi, everyone," he starts, "I'm Clint, you know the best wing man ever. I was hoping that I could make a complete and total ass of myself."
Everyone stops and stares at Pietro trying to see a reaction on his face. He looks over at Wanda who nods happily. He walks over towards the stage Clint reaching out a hand to help him up.
I wait until he is fully asleep before slipping out of his bed grabbing his shirt and pulling it on. I search for my dress finding it and then I write a note.
"I'm in labour, I'm 7cm dilated and when the doctor gets back I'm pushing," I say still not thinking fully, "I need you to be ready for this, okay, James? You ready?"
"About damn time," I say from Bucky's arms, "Before you ask, I'm not ready to talk about it yet and if you pressure me to talk about it I will shut down again."
“It’s weird that it hasn’t happened yet,” Bucky says as he puts away the last dish, “I mean aren’t they supposed to happen right after the person dies?”
Walking away to the closed door of the last group of people from the events today, she grabs the six charts and walk in, reading them over as she does so.
She is about to explain more when the radio, that she keeps on her at all times, makes a loud static sound. She grabs it off her hip and turns it on so she can hear the other end.
"You remember when we were in Hydra together?" He slowly nods, "and you remember what I told you about getting pregnant?" he nods again, taking a step towards me, "Well the man that raped me, the man that got me pregnant without consent just walked off that quinjet and was welcomed by the others with open arms."
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," I scream out again in pain, "No, no surgery. It doesn't work-ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-on me."
"Jarvis tell you," I ask walking over to my bed sitting down in the one spot that isn't sweat covered.
"There is something else going on," she says, "Loki has been off for days. I want to be there for him, it's going to be hard on him today."
"No, no, no. Please baby girl, come back to me," I say crying into her, "I need you back here with me, please just wake up baby girl."
While in the hug I feel the sense of home coming back, which releases me into another round of tears that Bucky is hiding from the rest of the team until I'm calm again.
"He didn't though," Dylan replies, "Laura and I used our connection on him. He was tortured by the guy giving him the army, he was threatened. It was just after he found out he wasn't who he thought he was. Does that sound familiar? He just lost his family and had to start over believing whatever he was told. Dad, you cannot keep placing him in the villain position because then Bucky, Nat, and myself all belong there; so does you husband and his sister, sorry Pietro."
I walk down the stairs that lead to the training area and hear practice shots coming from the shooting range. I pause by the window that allows us to look in and see Bucky there shoot at a far target, once the light shuts off indicating that it's safe to enter I slowly pull open the heavy door.
Dylan comes back to the base after being away for three weeks. She's expecting a pissed off welcome but what she gets is completely unexpected.
He stands walks over to my kissing my forehead before heading towards the door, "We will pick up from where we left off at some point, I promise," I say to him right before he leaves the room.
We walk into the kitchen together talking about random wedding nonsense, and I start to forget the fight I had with Clint.
Lily storms away from Loki into the kitchen, stopping the two men in there in their tracks. Loki follows after her, the confusion and hurt evident on his face.
I stagger backwards at those words, I step into a counter and knock over a radio. I quickly jump down and pick it up flicking the switch to turn it on and place it on the counter again.
"I just don't know if staying here with all of this, all of these people, is the best thing for me. I mean Laura needs to be around her dad and her grandparents and uncles and aunt but I've just been on my own for so long that I think I need to go away for awhile."
Steve, Tony, Bruce, Wanda, Natasha and Vision make their way to the couches in the living room sitting there talking and catching up. I feel Pietro wrap his hand around my arm and lead me into the kitchen where mom, dad and Bucky are.
"No, I can't," Pietro says as we walk up the stairs, "What about you, if Bucky and you were getting married what would you want?"
"It's going to, oh hi there sweetheart," Tony stops mind thought noticing Laura on the couch between her grandparents.
"You are my soulmate," Loki says as he lifts my Dad up higher, "I cannot bare to see you with anyone else, especially someone that caused you so much pain. I love you, Dylan."
"I had a fucking secret back then," I scream, "I had to hide what my Dad did, I wasn't allowed to have friend over. I've always had secrets. You know what, I'm not going to sit here and get yelled at for being who I am."
“You’re the one who told us to make ourselves at home,” he says as he drags his feet across the floor into the kitchen.
I sit on the counter watching Natasha and Lila draw together. I hear the soft footsteps of Cooper making their way down the stairs. He turns the corner and sees me sitting on the counter with my hand wrapped in the peas.
"Both of you stop fighting," I scream at them, "Loki, if you so much as hurt a single hair on his head I will kill myself before you get a chance to marry me. Bucky, if you truly love me you will let me go and not hurt Loki in the process."
"I've been gone for most of the day and you only got one word," she says, exasperated, "who was working on it?"
"Look familiar," Malick says over the PA system, "We kept the sheets and your clothes from when our Asset raped you."
"Well, if you let me do it today we can have the Infinity Stone out in a couple of minutes and you back on your feet within the hour," Shuri says, as she shows test results and scenarios.
"She has healing powers, she's only ever injured for an hour at tops. Surgery isn't going to work," Dad says.
"Brother," I say looking up to him with tears in my eyes, "How do you know that she is not my Jane? And if she is my Jane, she isn't mortal and could match my length of life. I need a chance to find out, brother, and this is the only way I see how."
"Like one person for someone for the rest of their life," I ask receiving a nod from Loki, "Yeah, I mean, just look at Bruce and Betty. If she can stay with him after everything he's been through then they must be soulmates. Do you?"
"You really don't want to go back to sleep," Tony says chuckling, "I don't want to talk about the wedding, right now we need to focus on you."
"Yeah, Tony's coming to pick all of us up," I say ask Bucky sits next to me, "Then we'll start looking for a place of our own, away from Clint and everyone."
"Where is everyone now," I ask, starting to plan our next move, "We need Wanda to help us and we need to see Dad."
"Dylan, you're alright," Bucky says as he pulls me into a giant hug, "Where were you? Why are you wearing that? Those weren't the clothes that were missing."
Wanda walks up to the microphone and starts talking about her brother and how happy he's been since meeting Dad, Natasha is the next one to talk, followed by Steve and Tony together.
"I say pretty fancy, this is what I'm wearing," I say as she looks over to me, "and I don't see why not, as long as you're responsible."
"Really," Tony asks the room, everyone nods in return, "Okay, Jarvis can you give everyone a list of task for them to do?"
I stand up, pulling Pietro up so he's standing. I step up onto my tiptops and place a light kiss of his lips, then follow Tony into the kitchen.
I walk over to him wrapping my arms around his waist, I nuzzle my head into his back. I feel him relax in my arms.
I push myself away from in and charge at him, he grabs hold of me flipping me over his back so we're now on the floor. I look up and see Wanda walk down the hallway, I motion for her to stay out of the way as Bucky reaches down and grabs the throat pinning me against the wall. I wrap my legs around him kicking his shoulder again, I land on my feet as he stumbles back. I charge at him as he whips me into Laura's door, I reach my hand up grabbing the handle accidentally unlocking it by fingerprint recognition.
As if on cue in walks my Dad and is startled when handed a cup of coffee, "Thanks," he says quietly.
Bucky sits up wrapping his arms around my waist kissing my shoulder centering me. We hear knocking at the door and I tense up in his arms.
We lay there for what feels like forever, not saying anything. Just staring into each others eyes, breathing each others breath. I smile, first time feeling truly happy since Sokovia.
"Sweetheart, stop," I say walking towards her, "We need him at full strength, we need him alive to save your father, to save our family."
I was walking to the kitchen after training in the gym with Natasha because, as she puts, it I'm the only one that has training close to her level. I turn into the kitchen and pull a water out of the fridge, when I close the door I jump seeing Bucky standing there.
"Let me work on this for a couple of hours and then I should know whether or not we can do anything," Shuri says, "Colonizer, why don't you take Lily for a walk down to the market. Peter can stay here and help me work."
"I didn't say anything," he says step in front of me as I paced, "She did all the talking. I thought she was leaving with you and Laura, that's what she said at the farm."
"You know for a fact that Dylan won't let that happen," Wanda says sitting next to me on the bed, "She'll probably try and put off the wedding for as long as possible too. She loves you, she'll think of a way to be with you."
I sit in Laura's bed reading her a bedtime story, it's been three weeks since Dylan left, and this is our usual routine. We hardly ever talk about Dylan, I usually take control of her nighttime routine and Clint and Laura help with everything else throughout the day.
"I didn't know Agent Barton had three children," Loki says after awhile, "I knew about Cooper and Lila but not about you, is he ashamed of you or something?"
“He came to me, said I had to be there,” she says jumping into the elevator, followed closely by Happy, “so you don’t have a say in whether or not I’m there.”
She steps into the elevator with the gurney, Sam, and Natasha. She pulls out her phone and page the OR telling them they’re on our way down with Captain America. She follows the gurney until it disappears between the doors to the OR rooms.
She sits there talking to her dad as an announcement is made, looking around she sees staff leading people towards exits. Standing up, she gathers her things and walk towards a bathroom and lock herself into one of the stalls.
“I’m the only person you trust? What about Tony, or are you guys even still together,” she says, “you know he misses you, told me himself, and that he screwed up.”
I turn and race down the hall towards the cell the Pietro told us about. I stand in front of the door and realize that I've stood on this side of the door 10 years ago, with the same person on the other side.
"Pietro, in the past year that we've been dating you've made me happier then I could have ever imagined," Clint continues, "I'm as happy with you as I was with Laura, and the only reason why that ended was because I discovered myself for who I truly am. So what I'm trying to say is, Pietro Maximoff will you do me the pleasure of marrying me?"
"I have a connection with Momma. I can talk to her and she can answer, but it's in the mind. Like a mental connection, but only I can start it not Momma," Laura says as she fiddles with her hands.
"Lily, I want you to meet one more group before you leave," the chairman of the museum says, leading her over to a small group of people, "Everyone, this is Lily, head of artifact translation. Lily, this is a small portion of our federal government benefactors."
"Dylan, no. Don't do this, we can find another way," Dad says pleadingly, "You don't have to marry him."
I walk back to my seat hugging both of them along the way. After I sit down they walk up to the front with the mic.
"Oh, okay. So in other words I'm keeping my friends close and my enemies closer," I ask trying to clarify what she just said, she nods in return.
T'Challa and Okoye walk out of the lab, not saying anything in response. Ross looks behind them confused, but then back to Lily, giving her a reassuring smile.
The next thing they know is an Iron-man suit landing next to them grabbing Steve, causing him to let go of her arm making her fall to the ground, and pinning him up against the side on the restaurant. She feels a pair of hands lift her up and pulls her close, looking up Avery sees Happy holding her. She turns back just in time to see the suit open up and Steve get pulled in before flying off.
“I’m going and there’s nothing you can do to stop me,” she says storming out of the lab towards the suit Steve is still trapped in.
I lean in and kiss his temple lightly, "Get some sleep, it will help," With that I stand and walk up towards the front of the jet to where Dad is flying the jet.
"Are you implying that I told my friend that she has an Infinity Stone," Ross asks, receiving a nod in reply from Happy, "I'm not an idiot. I'm not going to say that over the phone."
Pietro runs over picking up his sister in a giant bear hug spinning her around. I look around at everyone here and start to feel at home.
"We're going on a trip, not a long one. We'll be back tomorrow," Dad says, "Laura is watching Nate for me, but we're," he says wrapping his arm around Pietro's waist, "We're going to get married and want you three to be there for it."
"Wow, Stark you just thanked someone without it being laced with sarcasm," I say walking over to stand next to Steve for some photos.
"Bucky took her to her room to get ready for bed," Pietro says, "I'm going to go check on Nathaniel, you two need sometime alone."
"You told me that you don't believe someone like you could have a soulmate," I say looking into his eyes, "but all along I was your soulmate?"
"No, you don't know how much you fucking mean to me," I spit back at him, "You don't understand how much I want to hate you for what happened back then but can't because of how great you are with Laura. You don't understand just how fucking real it feels to be around you, that's why I left. Not because I'm with my parents again, not because my own brother wants nothing to do with me but because I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about you."
"Laura, my dau-I mean our daughter," he looks into my eyes not letting me break eye contact, "has your eyes. She has your face actually, it was really hard to look at her for the first three months because all I saw was you."
The doctor wipes the ultrasound goop off of my stomach. I stand and walk into the bathroom and change back into my clothes. I walk into the room and see Bucky looking out the window, I wrap my arms around his waist kissing his back. He turns around pulling me into a hug kissing the top of my head.
"Momma, it's fine. This is better then Hydra, and Pietro said he'd help us once he saw his sister," Laura says plopping onto the only bed in the room.
"Of course," she says, "but if you'll all excuse me, I must be going. I have another commitment this evening."
I walk back to where everyone is celebrating with champagne, I smile and hug Dad again knowing that this is the best thing to be woken up for in a long while.
“It obviously isn’t me since I’m the one pissed about it,” she says, looking over at the lump asleep on her couch. She throws the dish towel at him causing him to stir.
"It wasn't until I came to Earth in search of the Tesseract had I realized that I could go and find her once I gave them the world," Loki continues, "When you were working for me and I knew about your family only then did I realize that she was your daughter. I was planning on telling you but never had the time, it was going to be your reward for helping me take over the planet. Then when I got back to Asgard and was placed in a cell I started to realize just how much I loved her, I swore to myself that if I ever got the chance to be free again that I would come and be with her. Which is why I'm here now, Agent Barton, your daughter is my soulmate and I cannot bare to see her with someone that caused her that much pain in her life."
Avery grabs the remote muting the TV as she looks around and see the panicked looks on everyone’s faces.
"I hugged her, because," he pauses for a moment and I nod encouraging him, "because she told me that-" he stops mid-sentence.
After hearing that I walk back to where Bucky was sitting, well sleeping now, and sit next to him. I rest my head on his shoulder and drift into sleep as well.
"Wanda is telling me that Dylan is going to stand with me because she in my Nat," Pietro starts, "and I thought she was going to stand with me being my sister and all."
"We could," he says, "it might pick up Wanda's energy as well. It would be better if we could have her down in the lab as well."
. I look down and see blood stained clothes. I stand shakily and walk over to the bed and see the sheet covered in blood.
The group of them rush to the window looking out and seeing a giant blue ship slowly land in the open field behind the base. Lily looks over at Eric, panic in her eyes after reading the markings covering the ship.
I smile, "Well I named you after the strongest woman I know," I look over to Laura senior, seeing the tears she's been trying to hold back flow over.
"I don't want to hear it Steve," Bucky says not turning around, "I don't want you to lecture me anymore. I'm staying, so it doesn't matter why I wanted to leave."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Steve nods and lets us go and gather our supplies. I say goodbye to Laura kissing her on the top of the head before we head out to the crash site.
Lila walks out to the Bifrost with Loki close behind her. They arrive there to see a guard dressed in Midgardian clothing.
"Daddy, can I stay with you tonight," I ask letting myself start sobbing uncontrollably as Pietro leads me to the bed and lays me down between them.
"The reception is going to be better," Clint says as he intertwines his fingers with Pietro's, "Cause I decorated it."
"Come in," Bucky yells as he shifts to sitting on top of the covers, giving the illusion that he just got there a few minutes ago.
I turn and walk out of the kitchen with Pietro and Clint. This is the first time I'm walking away from Bucky feeling stronger, then weakened.
We chuckle just as he gets the final part hooked in the tree. Wanda helps him down quickly and carefully just as Pietro shows up.
I press the button to start the elevator again still holding Loki's hand. We walk out on the ground floor and make our way towards the stairs to walk back up.
"What you're saying, is that, if I saved her before the battle of New York," Loki says, "If I met her and got to know her first, I would have been her soulmate?"
I wake up the next morning and make my way towards the kitchen for breakfast. I walk in grabbing a cup of coffee and an apple and sit at the table trying to wrap my head around a former Hydra assassin working for the Avengers. I'm deep in thought and don't notice other people enter the kitchen until Clint sits in front of me.
"Laura, go hide in the closet, just like we practiced," I said as I reach behind my back to grip the gun I have hidden there. I wait until I hear to door to the closet close, "Who is it?"
I walk over to the coffee maker and pour two cups, handing one to Bucky as I make my way to his side.
"But I want to fight like the others," she says, "I don't want to be treated differently because of a future I don't know if I want."
"So, let me get this straight," Lily says, turning to face Happy, "you got the message minutes after I left, didn't reach out to me, spent most of the day trying to translate it, only getting one word, and finally you've lost it so we have no hope in translating it to know what we're in for?"
"Umm, it's not me and Bucky getting married," I say looking down at the ground, "Me and Loki are getting married. Before you say anything else, just know that I won't change my mind, so if you won't plan it, I'll just ask someone else that won't judge this."
"You and Dylan are just like Nat and Clint," she explains, "You two will do anything for each other, just like those two up there. Nat is standing with Clint right," Pietro nods in reply, "Then Dylan is standing with you."
"I'm going out to look for him," I say to the team once she left, "I'm going to start at the crash sight and see if I can find something that they missed. I don't want anyone to talk me out of this. It is what has to be done."
"Shhhh, it's okay," Steve says while crying himself, "We'll find him. He's a fighter, he's not going down without a fight and we'll be there when it's most crucial."
"If we leave right now, we'll get to Hawaii just in time for their sunset. We're going to have a small wedding on the beach," Pietro says smiling down at Dad.
Ross nods and runs off into the base, causing Happy to shoot her a concerned look. Lily waves it off and turns back to the man walking out of the woods. The man who is being charged at by Loki, Lily looks towards Thor with panic in her eyes.
I storm into my room slamming the door closed. I feel better now, knowing that my mind is finally clear of Hydra but hearing everything Dylan said about me, about us, makes me pissed that he fixed me.
"What do you think I was doing all afternoon," she says, "I ran out of ideas yesterday morning at breakfast, then Eric came by with the message from Thanos so I forgot about it until I walked into my office after lunch."
We walk into the medical wing a couple of weeks later, fingers intertwined, making our way to the nurses counter.
"So we're the only couple left not married," Bucky says after we start to move, "How much pressure do you think we're going to get tonight?"
"No, you are not leaving without telling the team," He says stepping between me and the buttons, "We need a plan so they know what to do if you aren't back by a certain time."
"The same way you can even think about not helping our son survive," I say meeting in gaze, "The same way you can shoot our daughter in cold blood, the same way you can go back under without talking to me first."
"Still achy and my head ache is getting worse," she says, "there is nothing in these medical books that can help me diagnose a cause. The symptoms do lessen when I'm not around Vision."
"What did you say to her," I say seconds after we step into the kitchen, "What did you say that made her leave her daughter behind."
I whip around and feel my fist collide with some mans face. I turn and walk back towards the car trying to draw the man away from Laura and he does. We get to a secluded area away from civilians and I turn to face him.
“This is the last ambulance on its way in,” Sean says as they all stand in the ER waiting for the last wave of people to come in.
"We get in a couple of hours ago," Clint says, "Lila and Cooper are getting a tour from Laura, your Laura sorry, and Nat is with my Laura helping her unpack."
“You have to pay attention, babe,” he says to Steve before noticing her, “Avery, good to see you again.”
She walks over to the knife and grabs the handle, she pulls it but is unable to remove it from the wall.
Valkyrie steps to the side as Lily uses magic to burst open the doors to the room. Lily storms into the room grabbing the collar of the man standing in the room lifting him off the floor. He is taken aback at first by the force he is being handled with until he sees who is holding him in the air.
I look down at my phone and see all kinds of texts from Laura, I read through them quickly before I reply.
“I’m sorry,” she says, moving to his side, “it’s just that my dad worked with Tony and you work with Tony so that’s really the only common ground we have and it’s just hard to talk about him at times.”
"I'll talk to him. Not at lunch," I say while pulling him up to his feet, "I'll get him to agree to a small thing with just us your large family, Nat, and Wanda."
Dad erupts into laughter at this, I smile feeling like I did when I was seven. I stand there thinking of when I was younger and start to cry, earning mom standing there wiping away my tears.
Lily grabs one of the blades on her thigh and stabs it into her heart, falling onto the ground at Thanos' feet. After what feels like an eternity, the Soul Stone rises from the limp body on the ground in front of Thanos. He reaches out and grabs the stone, smiling as he places it into the gauntlet. Ross charges at Thanos, fueled by his rage; still smiling, Thanos lifts his hand and in one swift motion snaps his finger wiping out half the universe.
"Dria," Loki asks from our entry way, "may I please take Lila away for a moment so I may present her with my gift?"
"I have a good reason for being gone for three weeks," I say pushing past him walking into the room more, "I went and found someone that shouldn't miss Tony's and Steve's wedding."
I walk over to the door unlocking it and walk out. I make my way to the kitchen just as Dad and Tony walk in.
"Pietro, listen to me," I say sternly, "Compromise with Dad, make it intimate with Dad, Wanda, Nat, my Mom and siblings, Bucky, Laura, and me. It'll be more memorable that way."
"Wait, you mean to tell me that you've been reliving me shooting our daughter," Bucky asks in a disappointed tone, "You mean to tell me that I caused this?"
"I have your brother to think about. Your father obviously didn't want you involved either Laura, and Dad was protecting you Pietro," I say, "If they wanted you to fight with them they would have dragged you along but they knew I would need family here. They kept you from the fight because of him," I say motioning towards the baby in my arms, "They left you, us, behind to protect us. I'm not planning on sign that damn thing, but I'm sure as hell not leaving a place that gives us protection."
"If you can't convince him," Dad says before I get my hand on the door, "I'm calling off the engagement."
"I've asked Korg and Kraglin to move the ships out of here so we have full visibility of the base and surrounding area," Tony says, "whoever is here knows that Lily is here. They're going to be sending more people here to get to her so our goal is-"
"Lila, if you wish to fight like your mother you must wear this extra piece of armor," Odin says, holding out a chest plate.
"I'm sorry I just up and left," I say putting Laura down on one of the bar stools, "Mom, Dad, I want to thank you for helping out with Laura and I really want to start over with everything. James, I'm sorry I didn't talk to you before I left but I know that if I did I wouldn't have been able to leave, and Pietro, no matter what I said before I left, and I know it was a lot, you're my best friend and I will never shut you out like that again."
“Tony’s taking his time planning it,” she says, “wants to make sure it’s perfect. I mean Happy was the only family he had for a long time so it only makes sense.”
I loose control and just start crying, not being able to get the rest of the sentence out. I see Natasha pull them out of the room, probably to fill them in on everything I can't say. After they leave my eyes go blurry from tears that I jump when I feel a pair of arms wrap around me.
"Laura is his daughter," I say picking up from where he left off, "We worked together in Hydra, fell for each other and slept together once before he was cleared and sent on another mission. By the time I found out I was pregnant, he was long gone, handed off to another base."
"Where do we go though," I say, "After he's better? We're fugitives, our son is a fugitive and he's not even a year old yet."
"No, he didn't. I asked if he wanted me to get you and talk to you about it," I say sitting up turning towards his face, "All he said was that he can't."
"Are we just going to pass over the fact that Loki gave the Tesseract to this Thanos guy," Happy says.
I walk over to her, not really knowing exactly what I'm doing, and pull her into a hug and start crying just like she was.
"She's in a cell at the end of this hall," he says when he got back, "She looks okay, but I didn't have much time to actually look."
Loki starts to make his way towards my Dad, before I can plan something out I'm lunging at him tackling him to the ground. My hands are consumed in flame punching Loki trying to stop him from moving, he easily throws me from him. He stands up and continues towards Dad, he wraps his hands around his throat and lifts him up off the ground.
"As soon as you and Clint are talking again. I want him to know first," Bucky says as we walk out of the room.
“No, no, it’s not like that,” she says reaching her hand out resting it on his, “Steve showed up, sporting a giant beard might I add, and asked for my help with Bucky. My medical help. I know I should have called Tony then and there but…”
I think to myself. I lay there looking into his brown eyes and lean in kissing him. I'm expecting him to pull away at first in shock but he doesn't, his hand slides down to the nape of my neck deepening the kiss. I quickly throw my leg over him so I'm sitting on his waist straddling him. I pull his head up so we're both sitting up in bed, I feel his tongue lightly rub over my bottom lip. I open my mouth allowing him to explore it more while deepening the kiss, I reach my hands down to the hem of his shirt pulling it up parting the kiss slightly so I can fully remove his shirt. I feel his metal hand light inch it's way up my shirt brushing softly along my spine, I let out a soft moan, he's reaching down with his other hand to the hem of my shirt. He's about to pull it off when there's a knock at the door.
Dylan meets the team, Bucky seems to notice she tenses every time he enters a room or talks to her. He wants to know why.
I sit on the arm of the sofa and pull on my boots, lacing them up when Pietro comes back whispering something in Dad's ear. I hear a door slam and pissed off stomps making their way down the hall.
"James, you are not leaving this base and asking me to come with you are you," I say standing up taking his hands in mine.
"I'm really spoiled at the base with Pietro," he says as he falls to the grass at our feet, "That little guy tires me out so much, what with all the running he likes doing."
It's two hours later and a few guests are starting to arrive for the ceremony. I stand just inside the doors with Laura and Cooper, Tony and Steve asked them to be part of their special day.
He pulls me into a hug as he cries, "Shhhh, James, I got you. I'm not going to leave your side," I say rubbing small circles in his back, kissing his temple.
We became friends and he taught me all the different pranks he played on Thor. The closer we got the more Odin had us seated together at feasts and festivals. My sister grew more and more angry the closer I got to him and the distance I put between us. So, on our birthday, when we became of age she demanded that I went with her to find our father; I agreed but Odin had different ideas.
"No," she says holding up her hand, "I have to take care of this on my own. It's a personal matter."
"I love you, Dylan," he says kissing my forehead, "I honestly don't expect you to say it back. I just need you to know that I won't let anything happen to you or Laura."
While we sit there talking about lines that shouldn't be crossed we see a flush-faced Steve walk down the hallway. He notices the smirks everyone is giving him and rushes into the kitchen mutter something about making dinner. Tony soon follows and plops down on the floor by Dad and Pietro's feet.
"Well, it was either hand it over to him or he was going to murder our people," Loki says, "it's bad enough we lost Thor, which caused the beast to throw a fit and launch himself off the ship right before we landed here, but we fled from Asgard to protect the people from Hela, so I had to hand over the Tesseract."
"You are, Roadrunner," I reply, he is taken back from the nickname. He's about to reply when a familiar voice speaks up.
Laura walks up to us, showing us her drawing. She flops onto the blanket we have and starts drawing Nathaniel in his car seat.
After we finish talking about this, we walk back into the base. I say goodbye to Wanda and Vision as I make my way to the gym.
I hurry out of the room, not wanting to take anything away from them today. I knock on Laura's door and walk in seeing her rocking Nathaniel while looking at her clothes.
"We're at a Hydra base," his eyes widen in fear, "I know this is the last place anyone wants to be but once you've healed you can escape. Just please, if you escape send help for me and my daughter."
I slowly bring my hands down to his belt and start to undo the buckle, "Are you sure," he whispers against my lips. I nod as I lower my head down and start leaving trails of kisses down his neck. He quickly removes his pants and we take in this moment together. I smile looking down at his face and see the smile grow on his face, we slowly start to be together in that moment and unravel together.
“Miss Romanov, just a small cut on your head, I’ll clean it up and then it’ll be good. Doesn’t look like you’re going to need stitches,” she says, dabbing the cut with a swab, “Mr. Stark, good to see you again, this time conscious, we’re just going to monitor your heart from the sounds of it you passed out for a while.”
"Y-yes, I-I remembered something I did when I was," he pauses as he pushes himself into a seated position, "when I was the other guy."
“How can I tell people something I know nothing of,” Happy says, closing his eyes, “I had a couple of beers and when I open my eyes what I thought I saw was just a drunk vision.”
"Then it's settled, Bucky stays, Pietro is sleeping in my room and Steve is making waffles," Clint says hopping down from his seat.
"Okay, so after I found out I was pregnant I stayed at Hydra," this earned Dylan weird looks from everyone in the room but Pietro and Wanda, "I stayed with them and their doctors, once Laura was four months old and able to hold up her own head we went on the run. We did get captured three times, but the last time I met Pietro and healed him. He promised he'd come and save me and well that's everything."
He stands, his metal arm still pinning me down, and removes his own pants with one hand. When I realize that I can't stop him I start to freak out and try my hardest to get out of his grip. With each struggle I make his grip only tightens that much more. He's back on top of me positioning himself to enter.
I nod into his chest as my fit starts to end. I manage to compose myself before walking out of the kitchen, not having anything to eat again, I'm about to press the elevator button but am stopped by Pietro.
I stand there stepping away from the hug with my Dad as he walks over and hugs Bucky. I stand there smiling, seeing my Dad and the father of our twins hug, when I collapse to the ground clutching my head screaming in pain. The last thing I remember before blacking out is Dad and Bucky saying
"No coms, if it wasn't Bucky's fa-fault then someone was after him," I interrupt, "Laura will be staying at the base, so if you need to let us know something you ask her to help. I'll take Dad and Pietro, no offense to the rest of you but I need family with me and Laura needs someone here that can calm her down," I say that part looking at Wanda, "We'll be a day tops out there searching, and if we don't find anything then we'll be back and start over."
"Sorry we missed the commotion, but someone had to babysit Nathaniel," Wanda says handing the toddler over to Dad.
"Hey, look I'm sorry about last night," I say to the back of his head as he turns to watch everyone dancing.
“I told you I was going to stay with you the next time chaos broke out around you,” Steve says, holding her close to his chest rocking her softly, “I’m not going anywhere.”
"You're not going to believe me," he says between staggered breathes, "but I found him, and he's alive."
"Yes, Bucky, you're a dad," I say smiling at how happy he is, when his face shifts into confusion again.
"Okay, that's fine, you have control of it correct," Steve asks, now kneeling down so he's level with me. I nod in return, "Okay that's awesome, it would be a different story if you couldn't," he chuckles trying to lighten the atmosphere.
"It's still idiotic, it's still dangerous, it's still," I'm interrupted by a knock on the door, "Come in."
"Ross, always a pleasure," Happy says, "and you know I can't talk about anything on this base without Tony's permission and he is away taking care of some business."
"You won't be able to find anything, it's completely paper," I say when I realize that he is actually searching for my file, "Hydra didn't want anyone to find me so they took me offline. That's not the point, the point is that I told Sergeant Barnes to stay here. I could have kept my mouth shut and he'd be gone but I didn't."
Avery walks into her apartment, pulling out her phone as she does so, shrugging of her jacket. She dials the familiar number and presses call, she stands there waiting until it goes to voicemail, it beeps.
"Well, I figure that since you now know your Laura's father, I should address you in a more casual manner," I say, this time, pushing the hair out of his eyes.
I look over towards the bar and see Pietro there talking to Bruce about something, "He's proposing to Pietro tonight," I whisper to Bucky.
"Loki you said you were going to help, now stop being a pain in the ass and help," Steve yells over the commotion.
"I mean, last year I was living in a crummy motel room and now I'm here, in the Avengers base," I say after I stop crying, "I just had my daughter for the longest time and now I'm becoming really close to the one man I never wanted to see. I'm meeting my family all over again and am causing my younger brother to hate our father.
"I guess Dylan is the only one not pissed at being woken up," Dad says as Wanda walks into the room.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Please don't hurt her, I swear I won't leave again," I whisper through staggered breathes, " What's the target?"
Tony enters the room shortly after telling us that everyone was there. We stand up and walk into the hallway. Wanda walks into the room first, swaying her hips to the songs that's playing, Natasha and I walk in together in the same fashion as Wanda. The music changes to a sappy love song, I think
“So this is goodbye,” she says, still crying, “this is my closure and my way of showing myself that I’m ready to have someone who is as amazing as you enter my life so I can continue to live it like we planned.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I turn and start to walk towards the area that has my Dad and Natasha waiting. I get to the end and turn to face Pietro and Wanda as they walk towards us. I quickly steal a look at my Dad and see him wiping away a stray tear as Pietro reaches the front of our small area. A photographer snaps a couple of photos every now and then capturing the raw emotion seen between these two.
We walk out living Bucky in the cell, I walk into the viewing area with the rest of the team and am wrapped in a giant hug from Natasha.
I chuckle at him, walking back towards the base. I push him lightly as we enter the base, I look down the hallway that Bucky and I fought in.
"We were just about to finish up," Steve says hoping out of the ring, "I'll see you both at dinner?"
"I'm sorry if I was focused on being with you," Pietro continues, "I knew she was planning on telling you at some point, so I didn't feel like pressuring her."
"Please, my king," Lila pleads, "let me go to Midgard and get this flower for my wedding to your son, that you arranged."
I walk down the hallway, opening the door to my bedroom. Steve looks up from his book, he notices the concerned look on my face. He puts the book on the nightstand and turns so he's facing me.
"Sorry, my fault," Tony says from his spot by the fridge, "Offered Sparky a beer and it was just wit that brought us all tumbling down," after he said that the three of us burst out laughing all over again.
"I'm actually surprised none of the others have tried to kill me," Loki says from the corner he's been hiding in.
"I love you too, kiddo," he says as we hop off his table and walk out of the medical wing, meeting up with Bucky and Pietro.
Pietro rushes out of the room coming back with three bags, we follow behind Steve out of the compound and onto a small jet.
"We'll get out of here together," Clint says as he sits next me, "Laura will get both of her parents back. It's scary, first mission leaving your child at home."
All of the group standing on the grounds jump at the sound of a vehicle driving up the gravel path. Happy turns and walk towards the vehicle as it comes to a stop.
Lily walks over to the screen looking at the two blips, one of which is moving at an alarmingly fast pace. She jots down the energy-based information and walks back to her desk.
I stand there trying to comprehend what that meant, before I fully have time to react a metal reaches out and latches onto my arm.
"Dad said that if you don't agree to a smaller wedding, or even eloping, he's calling off the wedding. He really doesn't want the big wedding," I reply, "I know I shouldn't have said anything but I can't watch this go on any longer. I love you, I love my Dad and I love both of you together; so smarten the fuck up or I'll make you smarten up."
"No, sorry. Groot was just filling me in on everything," she says, "how Loki destroyed the message so I won't see it."
"We have a problem," Pietro says to me in Russian out of nowhere, "Tony and Steve asked Wanda to walk them down the aisle."
"What? I couldn't miss my best friend's daughters wedding," she says when she notices that everyone is starting.
"Hey, don't worry. We'll make them pay for the shit they did to you," Bucky says noticing the pain in my face, "I have to make up for ten years of parenting and I'm taking it all out on them."
"I chose, I didn't get blackmailed," I say quietly, "I chose to put you first, I chose to let the man that I love get better."
I nod and turn walking over to where Buck is sitting, I take a seat next to him and pull his hands into my own.
We sit there watching the three kids playing on the playground enjoying the nice summer day. We've been here for about two hours, I'm about to offer to go get lunch when Bucky's, Dad's and my phones all go off.
“No, this is nothing like that,” she says, walking over to him, taking his hand in hers, “Pietro is still alive, he was dead when the medics got to him. This is nothing like that, okay? Pietro is not my dad.”
"Right, that. Well I have healing powers, as you know, but I also have the ability to make people tell the truth. It's kind of like Wanda and how she can project energy, mine just makes people tell the truth," I say looking at my hands, knowing that there's more to say.
"Yeah, he's the man that just tried to kill us and right now we need him alive to answer some questions," I spit back.
He throws me onto the bed finally letting go of my arm that's already bruising. As I'm about to yell at him more he's pinning me down to the bed so I'm unable to move. He reaches down with one hand and rips off my pants and the other is clasped over my mouth. I realize what's happening and bite down onto his hand and he recoils it.
Once we land we are greeted by everyone. I walk off the jet and am pulled into a giant hug from my Dad and Pietro.
"I don't know how you did the whole single parent thing," he says as Nathaniel happily eats the cracker in his hand, "I have three kids and feel over whelmed with raising one on my own in this career."
Before I can fully wrap my head around what is going on, Laura jumps out of the closest and is standing right in front of Tony staring up at him.
I sit in the kitchen, looking aimlessly out the window. I hear footsteps make their way towards the elevator and hear the sound of the button being pressed, slowly I walk over and see Loki standing in front the elevator with his shoulders shaking like he's crying. I race over and hop in the elevator with him before he can tell me otherwise.
We fly in silence heading towards the coordinates of the base. I look at the picture in my hands, it's from the day Dylan told me and Laura about me being her father, I fold it in half and place it in the pocket over my heart.
It's been three weeks since the attack in the base, I'm standing in the kitchen making a pot of coffee. I try and clear my head knowing that Bucky has one more test to pass before he can be released, one test that I have to be there for.
Lily turns and walks away from the group heading towards the elevator. It's not until she's about halfway there that she hears someone following her. She pauses at the elevator waiting for it to arrive when the man that was following her takes a spot next to her.
"It's good to see you again," Tony says, "I hope this Shuri can help this one here, we've all gotten used to her ways."
They walk into Shuri's lab followed closely by Okoye. Lily looks around at the tech Shuri has throughout the lab, smiling at it all.
"And I can help," Clint says still yelling, "I'm her father, I can help her make sense of everything."
I go back to cleaning up the mess in silence. I put the broom back once the mess was dealt with and turn to talk to Bucky again when I notice that he's gone.
I nod, not trusting my voice as I feel my eyes burn with the familiarity of tears. I feel Wanda pull me into her as I start to cry, I don't know how long it is after I start crying before Wanda slowly puts me to sleep. Once asleep I feel a wave a calming relaxation wash over me before the door opens and closes as Wanda leaves.
"Clint, I never imagined I would be able to find someone who could love me as much as you do," Pietro says, "I don't want to think of what my life would be like if it wasn't for the day you and your team attacked the base we were at, I was able to find someone that I was able to protect and love. I want you to know that I will spend these years together, these long and many years together, protecting you and making you as happy and safe as you have made me. I want to love you every minute of every day, with every breath from now until my last, and every action until the day I die. I love you, Old Man."
"I don't mean to impose but our second person in charge wants to talk to the person in charge here," he says in the politest way.
"I can meet up with Steve but it's risky," Tony says spinning a phone in his hand, "I'm on a short leash with the government right now."
"Ha, true. So Buck, how does it feel," Clint asks closing his eyes against the sun, "being a dad and all?"
There is a silence over the crowd after the priest says that, seconds before the priest starts up there is a high pitch whaling coming into the room.
“I should have never cut Sam and this Bucky guy free back in Berlin,” she says as her apartment buzzer sounds again. she goes over and press the talk button, “I’ll be down in a minute.”
"Nuhg," Tony says, gesturing to the ships and groups standing on the grounds, "you have to take care of all this."
"I know where they are," Steve says sitting next to me, "All of them. I'll get in touch with Wanda and have her meet us where Bucky is."
"I'm not having Tony run tests on my daughter," I whisper back in Russian, "But he might be able to track her."
I turn on my heels and walk out of the kitchen, I don't turn back when I hear a crashing sound in the kitchen. I walk back to my room with tears streaming down my face.
“One second,” she calls into the kitchen as she steps out into the hallway, “dad, I have someone who knows Tony, someone who won’t feel right lying to him. You can’t be here.”
I feel a hand rest on my shoulder, I look up and see my Dad standing there. I look up at him falling into his chest balling my eyes out. I feel someone lift Laura off of my legs.
"Look," Bruce says, "as neat as this information is, we have a man hunting Infinity Stones and we lost the one person who is alive because of said thing."
Before Bruce can answer Tony pulls him into a giant hug knocking the man off balance. Steve quickly catches both of them before they fall.
I stand next to the containment unit that has Bucky in it, I notice that his metal arm is completely gone.
"Sounds great, your mother is just finishing up breakfast for everyone," he says turning to face me now, "Laura is already there so we'll see you when you two are ready."
Shuri walks over to one of the many tables and pulls out a small case, she places the device within the case and closes it.
"It's a long one," she says, "and it's not just about my life in Asgard, it's pretty much everything from when I was born to what I was working on yesterday morning at breakfast."
“How close are you and Captain Rogers,” he asks causing her to choke a bit on her beer, “did you two ever almost date?”
I turn and walk away sitting down on a large rock, "How can we get Wanda to help when she's in hiding," I ask.
"Laura, that was not for you to share," I say scolding her, "I'm sorry about her saying that, but I feel really happy that you shared that with me."
"Oh," he says, "that. Well for me it was hard but Steve helped me. It's because I had someone that supported me help me through this. Clint or Pietro can help you through this, just like Steve helped me. I still have difficulties with at times, mostly around their birthdays and the anniversary of their death, those days I lock myself away from Bucky but it's getting better."
"Yeah, I can't be around this right now," I saw motioning at the space between us, "I can't be the reason your son and you don't have a good relationship."
“Happy, I love you,” she says, voice breaking because of the tears she can’t hold back, “and I’m sorry. I’m sorry I can’t be with you and I’m sorry I’ve moved on, but Matt makes me happy like you did, like you do.
"Clint, Wanda, Sam, and Scott were all arrested for following Steve and Bucky," Pietro starts, "Natasha and Shannon have gone missing. Steve and Bucky went looking into Bucky's past and caused an accident resulting in causalities, there was a, umm."
“Clean up your mess in the kitchen,” she says, “Fury and my father are on their way here and I don’t want dirty dishes cluttering my sink.”
After a few minutes, Nathaniel wakes up. Clint shifts and easily picks him up and starts to feed him some crackers.
"You just called me Bucky," he says looking down at his feet, "That's the first time you've addressed me by something other then my military status."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Wanda and Clint travel together, just like Scott and Sam. I told them to stay in pairs and," Steve looks up at Pietro, "Clint chose to protect Wanda with his life."
"Well, I just thought your sister should walk you down the aisle," Dad explains, "I mean Dylan is your Nat, yes, and since Nat is standing with me it only makes sense that Dylan stands with you."
"Doesn't matter if her attitude is maternal or paternal, what matters is we don't know where Vision," Happy says, "where Lily went, or why Loki is still alive, why he's here, not that anyone cares about him."
"I am though, I just need to know why they did this," he says meeting my eyes, "and I can't find the answers here. I want you and Laura to come, so we can be a family together. I want to be with you and I know I wouldn't be able to do this alone."
He forcibly enters me, I scream out in pain and try to get away from him but he just puts more weight on me. He continues to rape me no matter how much I scream for him to stop or cry or struggle against him. After a while he reaches climax and releases himself, still inside of me, and gets up off the bed. He puts his pants back on and walks towards the door as I lay on the bed cover in tears and blood.
Before I have time to say anything Pietro picks up Clint and races away to the quinjet. I slowly go and pick up my file from the floor, when I stand I see everyone staring at me.
"Loki didn't just hand it over to some guy," Lily says, "he handed it over to a mercenary. The same mercenary who he worked with in the Battle of New York, the same mercenary who my father used to work with until he handed over the wrong daughter, the same mercenary who will not stop until he has all the Infinity stones, the same mercenary who will have to kill at least one person to get an Infinity stone."
"Well, tomorrow, we're going on a trip," I say, while motioning for Bucky to sit on the other side of Laura, "We're going with Pietro, Wanda, Natasha, Nate, and Cl-my dad. We're flying to his old house and are meeting my mom and my other siblings."
"No, not yet," I say, kneeling down on one knee, "I don't think I'll be okay until you agree to marry me. I don't think I'll be okay until we have a wedding today. James, I'll be okay if you do me the honour of marrying me and all my quirks. What do you say?"
"Cooper, Cooper," I hear Clint yell after the boy, "I'm sorry. I don't know what's gotten into him."
"He has to stay, Laura's staying too," He says looking through my closest grabbing something before turning towards the door, "Only you, Nat and Wanda are coming."
"I should have told you about the signs," I say before he can say anything, "I should have told you that there was a chance she wasn't dead, I know and I'm sorry."
“Couple of months,” she says, “if he can put up with Tony’s crazy and your annoying then I think he’ll stick around.”
Dylan wakes up after a night of nightmares in bed with Bucky. Clint and her family spend the day together. Steve and Tony need everyone's help before their wedding.
"Buck, I don't normally support this," Steve says as he hands Bucky his gun back, "But make that bastard pay."
I smile, knowing I managed to successfully teach Tony to stop listening to my conversations, before walking out of the room followed closely by Bucky. I stop at my Dads room knocking on the door and walking in before I get an answer.
I turn to storm out of the kitchen but am stopped by an arm wrapping around my waist turning me to face him.
"Okay, well," she says, "this is actually full of my people. They had to escape our home because of the end of days of it."
I slowly unlock the door and open it to let in Pietro, "What the hell was that? Why'd you just leave after the team arrived?" He starts spewing off. "They're really confused, they are all wanting to make sure you're okay and everything."
Before she can step inside she hears murmuring behind her causing her to stop and turn to face the two men arguing over the roof of the car.
We continue the rest of the way in silence. I stand up as we start to land, picking up my gun and wait for the back hatch to open.
"Alright, we'll be there," Dad answers Laura quickly, she jumps up from the bed and runs off to her room to get changed.
"I thought we could do something together that we both enjoy," I say before I start kissing his neck.
He nods and walks back up the ramp, as Lily cloaks Loki into an Asgardian guard. The door to the black SUV opens and out walks a small man, with gray hair and his face wrinkled from the stress of his work. Lily walks over towards Happy and the smaller man.
She pulls out her phone and see the same name that’s been calling her all day, hitting the ignore button she goes back to the person sitting in front of her.
“Why don’t you just pick it up on your way back from dropping off Tony,” she says gaining a smirk from Tony.
"Go ask Steve if I can," I quickly answer back, "or you're going to have to race and get Wanda right after she walks one of them down."
"Of course I'm alive," she replies, "I was hoping you could get a message back to your brother for me. I last saw him before the Chitauri rained down on New York."
"I'm fine, great, just waiting for tonight thought it'd be quiet in here since only a few people know," I say standing to look at them, "I'm going to go see Laura and Nathaniel, I'll see you both tonight, Dads."
"I mean, it's hard yes. I'm not going to sugar coat that for you, but I mean if I can make it," I say, "if I can make it at 16 not being able to run to family, you can make it being surrounded by family."
"No one is going to be pissed at you," I whisper so only he can hear, "I won't let that happen, neither will Pietro."
"They should though," Bucky says lifting his head slowly, "Everyone, including you, should hate me and want me dead for what I did to you."
Vision was locked away and for some reason Bruce's algorithm was open on the tablet sitting on the desk in my office. Walking over I pick up the tablet looking it over.
"Not really in the mood to hear them fight right now," I say walking towards my own room, "You two love birds keep it down okay? We don't need another Pietro in this base."
"Is he still in the cell downstairs," I ask Tony, he nods as I turn towards the elevator and start going down to the cells.
"How do you suggest I do all that? He won't do it, we can brainwash him into doing it," I scream out.
It’s been almost a year since she saw Steve trapped in one of Tony’s suits and everything is still moving along the same way it did before Steve returned. Happy and Avery are getting more serious with each passing day.
Lily ignores it and continues walking away, she hears a soft thud as someone lands on the ground behind her. Slowly she slips off her flipflops as she continues to walk away. The person following her picks up pace so he is only steps behind her. Lily looks over her shoulder, unable to make out the face of who is following her, and breaks out into a run further into the trees.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I-I couldn't remember how to get back," he says looking down, "I just woke up in the woods after the crash without my arm and a lot of blood. I passed out and woke up here in the woods with this new arm and couldn't remember anything of how I got here or what happened."
"Was that Laura," he says taking a step closer to me, "She worried about you? How do you think she'll feel seeing you kill the Avengers?"
"I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT HER," I scream, "NO ONE WILL EVER SEE HER AGAIN. I'M TALKING ABOUT THE ONE I'M PREGNANT WITH. LETTING YOU MEET LAURA WAS THE WORST MISTAKE I EVER MADE. YOU ARE DEAD TO ME BUCKY, YOU ARE FUCKING DEAD TO ME."
"LET GO OF HER! SHE'S JUST A CHILD," I scream at the man pulling my daughter away from me as I'm being strapped into a chair, "Please just let her go and I'll do what you want."
"I did great with Laura," I interrupt him, "you fucking killed her," I see the pain that those words cause raising in his eyes as he turns and runs out of the room, "James, James, Bucky, that's not what I meant."
"How about Clint for now," I say seeing her trying to figure out the right thing to call me. She nods in return.
I look at his face seeing tears run down his cheeks, I lift one of my hands and wipe the tears away, "Bucky, I'm not going to let anyone keep thinking of you as that man. You're so much better then him, you're a great father to Laura."
"Don't even think about it, I'd do that anytime," he replies running his fingers lightly over my hair.
He hops down from the counter and walks over to where I'm standing, "It's fine, Dylan, he was being a protective father. I know how that feels," he says with a smirk.
"Yes, we created it back in Asgard a thousand years ago," Lily replies, "I didn't realize it made its way down here."
"You know how I've been feeling sick ever since I transferred here," she asks, he nods in reply, "it's because of this," she says tapping her heart, "and Vision."
"Sorry, I had a nightmare," I say not looking up at him, "it was about Bucky, and the rape but it was altered."
I'm about to say something when Pietro cuts me off, "Go talk to him, he needs someone comforting him more then me."
"Yes, and yes," Laura answers grabbing a water bottle from the fridge, "Am I going to tell you? No, I promised both of them I wouldn't."
"I'm going to put Laura to bed while you guys take in what I just said," I walk over to Laura but am stopped but Pietro.
"I did it," a sickening voice replies, "I heard the Avengers have fallen, and thought I might be able to recruit some to join me."
"Well, I am a God for one," Loki says standing right in front of me, I raise from my seat to be at eye level with him, "Also, I can produce magick, a darker variety what can this Wanda do?"
"I took care of it," Lily says, "he's a good friend of mine and I told him that it was because of me that the ship showed up yesterday and that one would be showing up today."
Pietro and Dad join us from the kitchen and sit together on the recliner that is left open. Even with being as far away as possible on this floor from the rooms we can still hear Steve's shouting.
"Bruce, could we tweak this to limit it to the energy from the Mind Stone," she says, "since we know his specific energy."
“It’s fine,” she says, “I just always had that little bit of hope every day that Tony stalled the funeral that Happy would just walk in and tell Tony that there should be less flowers or something like that.”
“No, you see my dear,” he sneers, “I know he is very much alive, my dear friend Lorelei let me in on a little secret. And let’s just say I dislike it when someone I kill does not remain dead.”
"It's hard," he continues, "I remember my first one, came out of there with most of my hearing gone."
"Steve and Tony want you and Wanda to join them for some photos," he says not looking directly at me.
"I've been looking into how to remove the Infinity Stone and still live but keep coming up short," she says, "maybe with Bruce here we can try and work it out together but I still fear for the worse."
"I don't care if you think having Steve talk to her will help," Tony says from the front of the jet, "Tonight is really important for us."
"He'll open to us," I say yawning, "he always does." With that I drift into sleep curled up into Steve.
"Yes and so is Laura," I reply walking into the living room picking up the bag of toys Ras wants us to bring, "Dad and Pietro will kill me if I don't have Laura there for the birth of their kid."
"No one else on the team knows about you being pregnant," Steve says while we're riding up in the elevator, "I think it's better if you hide it for awhile, especially with Clint."
"No I don't think so," I say turning to face him and my father, "If it was them we would have heard something by now."
I laugh nudging him with my toe, "At least he runs in a place that has an AI system that can find him."
"Brother," Thor says walking to my side, "I asked Heimdall to find Dylan's soulmate when I was back in Asgard."
"Do you want me to get Steve, so you can talk to him about it?" I ask as I dump the first pile of garbage into the waste bin.
"Sure, do you really think going to the park is a good idea," he said walking out holding her brush.
"She's my daughter," Clint says then turns to Tony, "Thanks for barging into her room whenever that was. I don't need to think of my daughter sleeping with a hundred year old man."
"Sparky, it's not for Pietro to say if something is up with your Dad," Tony says after letting me go.
I stand and follow behind with Wanda, she gives me a questioning look at how tense it is between me and Bucky and I just shrug.
I let out a huff knowing that he's right and turn and walk back towards the kitchen. I give Laura a look when I walk back in letting her know that the adults need to talk, she races out of the room heading to her room.
Smiling, she politely shakes each one of their hands and tries to remember their names as they are said until she reaches his familiar face.
"Are you saying that if I leave with the guy I love, I loose my family," I spit out, "Maybe we weren't a family to begin with because a real family wouldn't make someone choose between their father and the father of their children."
I stand in the reception area still crying a little after the ceremony. I walk over to Pietro and Clint who are standing by the bar.
I smile, kissing his hand as the doctor walks in. We sit there talking as the doctor prepares my stomach for the ultrasound.
"Bu-Ja-Sergeant Barnes, you can't leave, not when Hydra is looking for," I pause, not being able to say the next word, but force myself too, "us."
"It's fine, we didn't know if that was going to be Laura," he says looking at the door, "I completely understand. I should go and get ready though."
"Love, no matter what level of it, is something that can endure anything," Dad picks up after Pietro starts to cry some, "In this line of work, love for anything can be used against you. The couples we have here, the families that are present, show us that we can make it through anything. Tony and Steve, thank you for showing us how to love with all the fighting; Dylan and Laura, thank you for showing us how to be a family through all the torture; Cooper and Lila, thank you for showing me how much distant can make a family stronger. Thank you everyone, and let's party!!"
"Your nightmares," Bucky says rubbing my shoulder, feeling the cool metal of his fingers leaving small circles on my shoulder, "what, how many, sorry."
I hear crashing coming from the kitchen and see Dylan walking out not turning around. I cautiously walk into the kitchen and see doors ripped off of their hinges and the dishes that were in them shattered on the floor. I turn around the island a little more and notice Bucky is curled up on the floor.
“Fine then, you leave me no choice,” she screams, “HELP!!! This man is a fugitive, heeellllpppp!!!!”
I run down the hallway pulling him into the kitchen, getting weird looks from everyone in the living room.
"Because," Frigga says, "your heart will one day belong to one of our sons, we do not wish for it to be hurt ever."
"The twins are fine, nothing happened with them," Bruce says as he walks into the room, "You're in here because two days ago you collapsed in the kitchen, latching onto your forehead in pain. I ran some tests and see no abnormalities, however Bucky said you've been having these since you lost your daughter. My question for you is, do you think these headaches are due to the emotional loss of your daughter plus the high balance of hormones due to your pregnancy?"
"See you have your ideals on marriage," Pietro says, "and I have mine on weddings, they should be a huge ordeal celebrating two people coming together. I'm not going to change that."
Watching she sees him reach the child and make his way back towards the life boat as the sounds of a quinjet flies over head. Looking up she sees that Ultron is flying the jet and using the machine gun.
"Sparky," Tony yells from the open hatch, "Let's go, I have a date tonight with Steve and I cannot miss this."
I nod, knowing that is the best thing to do. I take a step forwards and start to fall but before I hit the ground I feel Bucky pull me into his arms, "Or just sleep, you're probably exhausted from the hell you've been through." I nod again snuggling up to Bucky's chest as he walks onto the quinjet.
When I wake up the next morning, the sheets on my bed are no longer the ones covered with blood. On the table are new clothes that I quickly change into, realizing that the ones I am wearing are blood stained. I sit on the hard chair and wait in the darkness for my meal, when I hear a faint voice.
"Glad to see you're awake," a nurse says in hushed tones, "I've paged Dr. Banner and he will be here shortly."
"You knew she was alive," I cry out with tears running down my face, "You knew where she was and you didn't tell me? You didn't run off and save her then? You don't deserve her, you will never deserve her! You could have brought her home, you could have saved Laura and her from all that torture! I want you out of this base, I want you gone! You have no right to marry my daughter and I'll kill you if you even try!"
"Yeah, of course," he says, smiling at her, "I'll make a couple of calls and then we can go see them."
“We know,” Steve says, “and that’s the scary part of all this. You didn’t need anyone right after it all happened.”
"Bucky, he, remembered something from when he was the Winter Soldier. Whatever it was really shook him up," I say leaning into his chest as he wraps his arms around me.
"I've never actually seen the Infinity Stone," Lily says as she examines her own heart, "it looks like there is no easy way to remove it."
"I've had them for the past three weeks," I say tracing the scar tissue that is running down his chest, "mostly about loosing Laura, or being turned by Hydra and killing the team. Tonight was the first one about you."
After he says that, another man walks up to me cuffing my hands in protective spheres. He injects something into my neck and I loose consciousness.
I look around the cell and see that I am alone and that there is no place for a voice to come from. I sit there confused and hear it again, I try and focus on it. After a couple of minutes of focusing on the voice I hear it again, louder this time. I sit there listening to it until I realize that the voice is coming from inside of me; not from my head but my stomach.
I stand there, waiting. Bucky shifts, now staring at me. I see just how much those words I said brought to light how much it haunted me. I see that he is willing to risk his life, by leaving the team, to make me feel safe. With seeing just how much can change in ten years makes me want to reach over a push his hair out of his eyes, but I stop myself because doing that might cause something terrible to happen.
“I’ll be his nurse after the surgery,” she says to Natasha, “I’m just not a scrub nurse so I can’t be in there.”
"You can't leave," I say and sign, getting weird looks from everyone in the room, "Hydra called. They called the phone you gave me Tony, I've melted it so they can't find the base. They called me when we were at the park. They knew things about me, from my file, and they said they're coming for me."
"Okay, thanks for the heads up," Ross says, smiling flirtatously, "Lily, I hope that I won't have to see you on a business visit again."
"The Winter Soldier, I mean seriously Dad, shot Laura twice," I say shooting him a dirty look, "Once in the heart and once in the head, he shot her in the head first. She used her connection because she was scared, I felt her being shot.  That's what these headaches are, the same feeling as when Laura was shot."
"You're really alive," Bucky says from his spot, "You mean to tell me that you knew Laura was going to come back?"
Lila looks around the bustling streets before her, smiling over at her guard. He leads her towards the main street, looking down at the map in his hand. She walks behind him, looking around at all the different sights. They end up at a hotel and walk into the lobby.
We rush out of the room into the common area to see what's going on. Tony motions for us to stand with Rhodey behind him and we quickly do so. The doors to the stairs fly open.
"Thanks," I say, "Dad, umm, can you try and be nicer to Bucky? He's really upset about everything and feels that you want him dead and that everyone on the farm will feel the same."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Before I can ask him to show me I'm lifted onto his back and am raced to where he found Bucky. He drops me and races back to get Dad. I look down at the man laying down on his left side in a crumpled mess before me; before I can say anything he is quickly up on his feet and pinning me to the tree behind him with his left arm, his new left arm.
I stand there listening to Tony talk to her and am about to turn around when her door opens and Tony walks out.
"They're in hiding. I told them to run after I broke them out of the raft," Steve says softly, "I told them to stay away from everyone for a while, it's safer for everyone that way."
Eric hands over the translation to Lily, she reads it over and over, getting more upset each time she reads it. Happy finally grabs the paper away from her.
"I'm so sorry I can't be the person you want me to be," I whisper to him before leaning in and kissing his temple.
I sit there as Bucky walks out of the room to go make me so food. I snuggle down into my comfy bed and wait for something to eat, I slowly start to drift into a good sleep when the door opens and Bucky walks in.
I walk down into the common area after putting Nathaniel to bed. I hear the faint sound of the TV going, I really hope it's Natasha, I need someone to talk too. I look over to the couch and see the familiar silver hair of Pietro.
"By the power vested in me, Son of Odin, Guardian of the nine realms," Thor says clasping a hand on each of their shoulders, "You are now untied as one, you may kiss."
"He ran inside after talking to Tony," he replied, "He look really happy but also really nervous and scared."
I nod and walk out of the base with Tony, feeling the cool air on my skin is a great feeling after this terrible day.
Before I can answer I feel a sharp shooting pain in my forehead and hear two loud bangs from her room, "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO," I scream. I see Steve race into the room dragging an unconscious man out of the room.
"But why, my king," Lila asks, "Sif doesn't have to wear it, nor does Thor or any of the other warriors."
I jump into his arms hugging him smiling knowing that this is what we need to do to move past Laura's death. I sit down on his bed as he goes to the bathroom to get dressed,
"It's me, Steve told me his code to get in so I could," I say walking towards the car, "you know get in. Come on, we have a wedding to get ready for."
I push myself up from the couch and walk towards the kitchen to get a drink of water. I open the fridge and grab a bottle when I feel another twinge in my side, this time more painful than the first. I lean against the counter slowing my breath hoping to cease the pain, seconds later another twinge arises causing me to scream out in pain. Bucky is by my side in seconds of me loosing my balance.
"B-bucky hugged you," Steve says now turning his attention to the man seated behind him, "Why did you hug her?"
"It's Rogers-Stark, thank you very much," he says after the photographer snapped a couple of photos.
"James," I call him by his real name, calming him some, "I know I left, and you have a right to be pissed, but I needed to clear my head."
“Take care of what’s in that case, Peter,” Tony says as Happy hands him the case, “and Avery, let me know if Steve reaches out to you. Tell him I screwed up and that I miss him.”
"Terrible," Everett replies, "everyone here is not doing their job. I mean Shannon stole Captain America's Shield and Falcon's wings and handed them right back to the fugitives."
"Dylan, you know you're off training and mission until you have the baby right," Steve says after dodging punches form Pietro.
"Shhhh, it's okay, I'm here for you. I got you," A small voice whispers into my ear, "Don't worry, I'm not leaving you. I love you, Momma."
Pietro shaking from excitement pulls Dad in for a sloppy but happy kiss. Wanda, Natasha and I start cheering and clapping, we are then pulled into a giant group hug by the newlyweds as the photographer goes picture happy. We stand around getting as many pictures as possible before we walk back to the quinjet, pictures in hand. I walk to the front of the jet and start it.
"Dylan, you can't marry him," Bucky says standing up walking towards me, "I can't live my life without you, I love you."
"No, well yes, but that's Loki," Pietro retorts, "the one that brainwashed and kidnapped Clint before the battle of New York."
We sit in silence for the rest of the flight until Dad starts asking me to flip switches as we prepare to land. Once we land I walk to the back of the jet and wake up everyone. We change into the clothes that Dad and Pietro grabbed for us and make our way to the beach, not far from where we landed, seeing that the area is already set up. Dad and Nat walk up to the priest as I stand and wait with Pietro and Wanda a little ways back.
"Ross," Lily says, grabbing his arm, "go to my office and grab the device. He's only missing one stone."
"Yes, actually you get to meet all the Avengers, but first it's Natasha and Clint," Steve said smiling at how excited my daughter is.
Silence. Laura looks at me, almost in tears. I see Pietro shift in discomfort with the lie I just told.
I see Pietro walking towards his room, I run up and block him. I look around to make sure no one else is there.
. I shift where I'm standing which earns worried looks from Bucky and Pietro, I wave Pietro off saying it's nothing but walk over to where Bucky is sitting.
"Okay, what do you need us to do," I pipe up from my spot by the fridge, "We can finish decorating. Tomorrow is a big day for you guys and we all want to help."
"James, you are never going to feel alone again," I say wiping away his trail of tears, "We are getting a second chance to do this together. We are going to be a family from start to finish, James."
"You want him to stay because you're seeing how much he's changed and you want to make sure that the other guy is completely gone," she says quickly, "the main reason behind that is because if the other man isn't gone, you're going to kill him."
"I'm still jumpy around physical contact," I start looking Steve right in the eye, "Bucky pulled me into a hug and I panicked, I swear it won't happen again."
"Nothing happened last night anyway, I kind of brought someone back from the dead. I was, pardon my pun, dead tired," I say trying to remove the blush on Steve's neck, "And he was up and gone before I woke up, so there."
"Of course," Bucky says, not moving from his seat, "We'd love that. How about we meet you in the kitchen in twenty minutes."
Thor nods, right after he does that Loki destroys the two Iron Legion holding him and charges towards Bucky, throwing me into the wall beside us. He's halfway towards him when he collapses in pain. Two armed guards walk over and pick him up carrying him out of the room, Thor follows after them to make sure that Loki won't get away. I lay on the ground with my eyes shut, trying to assess the pain I'm feeling, when I feel and pair of hands, one warm and one cool, on my shoulders.
"What did you say to Clint," Pietro says making me look at him, "You know that each time you hurt him, I have to pick up the pieces."
"Hydra knew about your power right," Steve asks, I nod, "They have samples of your blood, right? They must have made something that counter balances it."
“You have a choice,” the raven-haired man says as he stands and moves next to Steve, “by midnight tomorrow you must decide to either bring me your father so I can kill him or allow Steve to die in his place.”
She nods right before she races out of the room. I make my way towards Tony's lab, knowing it's my job to get him out of there and ready for the wedding. I punch in Steve's code and walk in.
"Where am I, what is that beeping noise," I asks struggling to open my eyes against the bright light.
"I built it from this Norse mythology old book," she replies, "it took me awhile because I had to translate the text."
"Where is Laura, where is she," I scream from my spot on the ground, I see Pietro come over to me carrying a small limp body towards me.
"Pietro, what is going on," I turn to him blocking him in the kitchen before he can race out after my Dad.
"Pietro, I found something," I yell down to him. He's by my side in seconds and I point out the blood to him, "I want you to run that way until the blood trail stops or you find a body."
"Dad, please be careful," I say as he steps out onto a thin branch to string up the last set of lights.
"Brother, her soulmate is the man sitting between Steve and Tony," Thor says, "And his soulmate is her. I'm sorry, brother, but she is meant to be with him."
Just then the heart monitor starts to pick up a heartbeat. It continues to grow stronger, the containment unit opens. Steve and myself help Bucky over to the table and lay him down waiting for him to wake up completely.
"Stand down, Agent Barton," Steve says jumping between me and Loki, "I think he can help. I think he and Wanda can help Buck and I, we, need him alive to do so."
I grab a pair of leggings and pull them on, reaching down I find my combat boots and grab them before quietly walking out of the room. I walk towards the common area where I hear Natasha getting pissed at Dad.
Ego smiles, motioning to something off in the distance. There is a rumble of a ship landing in the field next to them. Enskauja watches as a large, purple man walks towards them. He looks down at her, reaching out his hand for her to take it, smiling.
"We started the unfreezing process when you called, he should be awake in a few minutes," one of the doctors said as we entered.
"Sweetheart, do you really think this trip is a good idea," Bucky says walking back in the front door, "I mean you are due any day."
The smaller man notches an arrow aiming it at her while a sickly looking Loki leans out of the van meeting the broken look in her eyes.
His fingers loosen and drop from her neck, he sits down and doesn’t move while she works on setting his arm. She tightly ties it to his chest and starts gathering up all the garbage.
"Are you sure," she asks Bucky. He nods in return, "Okay, well, a couple of weeks after I was sold to Hydra I was in my cell waiting for something, a mission or anything really. I was in the same cell as the one you found me in, and well that cell has a lot of bad memories. It's the cell that I got pregnant in."
"I know," she whispers, "and I know I'll have to do something about it at some point, but it's just a lot."
“You saved the city, all I did was stitch a couple of people up,” she says as she walks out of the room to see her uncle standing there.
"Nat is, they got really close training everyone so it only makes sense," Tony answers as he pours everyone a glass of champagne.
"Yes, sweetheart," I say as I glance quickly at the blood pooling in my hands, hoping no one notices, "he's your dad."
"What happened," Pietro spits angrily in Russian, "Did he attack you or something? I'm going to kill him if he did."
"Why do you think I left movie night," Tony says, fidgeting with something in his hands, "I built this, it will trace her inhuman abilities."
“What the hell are you doing here,” she says pulling him into her apartment checking the hallway to make sure no one else saw him.
“I can’t believe that this happened,” she says signing a chart, “SHIELD fell, Hydra was within them all this time.”
“Captain America is a criminal,” he says, handing her a chart, “SHIELD is looking for him, said he set up the hit on their director, Nick something.”
"Know what," Tony asks after entering, "We went off grid for our honeymoon. Which was cut short because this guy missed everyone."
"I'm doing this because of love," I reply, "I believe that when you get married, it should be to someone you love. And I'm sorry, Loki, but I don't love you."
"She's the reason why we are here today, please welcome my best friend and new step-daughter, Dylan," Pietro finishes.
I look, over their heads as they hug me again, at Bucky seeing him tense not knowing how to react to me being back. I pull away from the hug and sign to my dad,
"What if Tony looked into it," Happy says, as Ross leaves the room pulling out his phone in the process, "he's good at making things that keep hearts going."
"Twins," Lily says, pulling in the silver haired man further into the room, "I have one right here."
"Didn't mean to hurt me," he yells, "Didn't mean to fucking hurt me? What do you think would happen if you just up and left after we slept together."
I start wailing on his chest, still crying. He stands there letting me punch him until I fall into his arms, sobbing harder now then I ever did in the past few weeks.
He nods and walks outside, Lila walks over to the bar and pays the tab. As she makes her way to the door she hears a commotion outside. She pushes through the door and sees the guard, her only friend in this realm, shot dead by an arrow. Looking down the alleyway she sees a sandy blond-haired man running away from the scene, carrying a bow. Lila stands and chases after him, she sees him pull open a van door and climbs in.
“You have to think this through,” he says following her, “Maria, you and myself, plus a small team of selected people will know he’s still alive.”
"Well I am running barefoot in the woods," Lily says, standing, looking around her for who's chasing her.
Malick moves his hand slightly and the men let go of me and walk away. He motions for me to follow and I do, we end up in the room that I need to be in.
“Move,” they hear being hollered through the stairwell. The doors busy open and Fury rushes in, “where is she!? Is she hurt?!”
"What do you mean 'ability to make someone convulse in pain', did you not tell Steve one of her powers," Dad says looking stern at me.
"Dylan," Bucky says as he rest his hand on my shoulder, "Tell him that you want to see Laura first and then you'll tell him everything."
"No," I say meeting his eyes, "Don't apologize for anything, especially for saying that. I'm just really overwhelmed with-with-wi-"
"You just want to see the world burn don't you," Dad yells, "You don't even care about Dylan, you just don't want to see anyone happy."
I look down at the man laying down on his left side in a crumpled mess before me; before I can say anything he is quickly up on his feet and pinning me to the tree behind him with his left arm, his new left arm.
"We'll get Natasha to help train you in fighting and Wanda with power management," I say, "You now have to understand that the ability to make someone convulse in pain is tough to control."
"Look I was just coming to discuss a personal matter with Lily," Loki says, ignoring the tension building in the room, "so really if anyone should leave, it should be the lot of you."
"Tony, that's my daughter, can we not talk about her relations with Bucky while I'm around," Dad says from his perch on the counter.
I slowly walk towards the door tightening my grip on the gun. Once at the door I look through the peephole and see a familiar silver haired man standing there. I open the door and am nearly tackled but Pietro as he pulls me into a giant hug.
"Loki, I don't want to be anywhere near you," she screams, "I can't even look at you. Please just leave!"
"Actually," Lily says, looking at the area he is pointing to, "that actually says, and I'm paraphrasing here, but it's telling of an allied tribe that consumes its own feces."
She looks over at her father when he brings up Clint and see the hurt in his eyes. Resting her hand on his shoulder she sees the hurt start to fade.
That was a year ago, I wasn't holding out much hope but it was nice to know that she still had hope.
“Okay, so let me know when you get to Berlin and I’ll be there with the team,” Steve says, “that way it’ll be easier for when all hell breaks loose.”
I see him race inside after the boy, leaving me standing in the front yard with the team and two other people.
"Pietro, since the moment I saw you I knew you were different. I mean you were a pain in the ass but the one thing I knew I would never be able to shoot," Dad starts, "After the fight in Sokovia, where you saved my life I started to realize just what you meant to me. Over the past year you have brought me so much happiness, with coming back alive and bringing back my daughter, that I hope I can spend the rest on my life repaying you. I want to love you every minute of every day, with every breath from now until my last, and every action until the day I die; which will be waaaaaaaay in the future because I'm not planning on leaving you anytime soon. I love you, Roadrunner."
"These are the Princes quarters and I am sworn to protect the crown," she says, "who are you to give me orders?"
"Good, because I need your help," she says, "because Odin wasn't the one that called me back to Asgard, he wasn't the one that released me from my responsibilities."
“I’m Nurse Coulson. Mr. Barton, from what you told the staff you should go get an MRI and a CAT Scan. So, hop onto this gurney and Sarah will take you down there. Dr. Banner, you’re going to need fluids so we’re going to start you on an IV drip,” she says, setting up the IV next to him, “is it okay if I do it, or would you prefer to?”
"He said he had to talk to Steve and Tony, then the DJ," he says dipping me, "I have no idea why because he wouldn't tell me."
"Yes, a nurse just left, Bruce is on his way," I say to my Dad calming him some, "Why am I in here though? Are the twins okay?"
"No, I don't mind it when you call me that," he says leaning his forehead down so it's resting on mine.
"Actually, you should stay," Shuri replies, "T'Challa and Okoye, go make sure that the White Wolf doesn't come by here today. Tell them I'll bring them in tomorrow."
"Everything in the past few months, Laura dying because they reset him," Steve replies, "Ras nearly killing you and Bucky nearly told the doctors to not hook him up to any machines. He can't trust the trails of Hydra."
She pulls off the sweater she’s wearing and starts tearing it into strips creating tourniquets for the wounds on his arms. Steve carefully picks him up when she nods that it’s okay and carries him onto the lifeboat. Clint takes the shredded sweater and puts pressure on the bullet holes on his chest. The lifeboat docks back on the Helicarrier.
“Dad, he thought you were dead,” she says, “and Pietro is the only person he’s dated since you. I know it hurts but it will get better.”
"And then you stomped on Dylan's leg breaking it. You then went into the room searching for Laura, found her and shot her twice," Steve says, "You killed her."
We all break off and start to work with decorating for the wedding, Bucky, Clint, Wanda and myself are tasked with decorating the trees outside by the reception area, as well as setting up most of the tables for the reception too.
"You're taking a small team with you," Steve says, "I'll stay here with the rest of the team and try and find him from here. We'll let you know with coms as usu-"
I whip around quickly and knock the file out of his hands by accident. I look to the ground to where the file lays open, Clint leans down to pick up the file but abruptly stops. I notice his eyes focusing on the section listing my parents.
"You are going to be a great help to my cause," he says, "my name is Thanos, and together we can make the universe our own."
I pull away from the hug and move towards the door, with my bag in hand, "Keep her safe, while I'm gone," with that I walk out of the room and leave the base, not turning back when I hear Bucky or my daughter calling my name.
They walk outside and towards the ship as the doors open and a ramp materializes down to the ground. Out walks a man made of stone.
"I feel like every one of those tights wearing band of weirdos will be pissed when I walk through those doors," Loki says walking down the ramp.
I look over towards the tie that is one the bed, "The grey one, it will make the blue of the tie more vibrant, and also help bring a more joyful look to your eyes."
"Can I give you a lift back to the base," he asks, "get you in something you can actually fight and run in. There is an intruder on the base."
"Dylan will need support, and you are the best one to give it to her," Steve replies, "Pietro won't be able to stay calm enough, no offense."
"Thanks," Dad says after a few minutes of silence, "Thanks for talking to him. I don't know what you said but I'm happy you said it."
I sit on the arm of the sofa after letting that out. I place my head in my hands and feel Pietro wrap his arms around my shoulders.
“It must still be in the water, I’ll call Tony and have him search the river,” she says pulling out her phone stepping to the side.
"Where did she go?" "How could you loose someone that is carrying a crying child?" "Look over there!"
“Classified,” Phil says, “but I don’t think it’s a good idea if you mention you saw me to anyone. Especially Clint. Please.”
I turn and walk out of her room turning on her nightlight and shutting off the over head. I walk down to the common area where Laura and Clint are sitting.
"Oh, are you now a big fan of him," Loki sneers, "At one point you wanted him dead like you want me."
"What the hell is going on," Loki sputters out, "Is everyone here powered? Other than Barton, his husband and that infant."
Steve just nods, not taking his eyes off of me. I look to the chair behind him and see Bucky sitting there with black hand prints on his shirts shoulders.
We walk out of the lab, after I made them promise not to tell anyone what I found from the footage. Once out of the lab I'm dragged to the kitchen to get some food into me. I haven't eaten since the crash, that was three days ago.
“I can’t do that. She’s finally able to talk about what happened that night to someone who wasn’t there,” he says, shrugging off the hand and turning to walk away.
"Get in the car," Pops says, opening the door for me, "We have to get back to base and talk to Tony."
