Holmes walked the length of the room, agitated. “His decisions were influenced by me, however, and that you cannot deny. Since the moment he met me, I have brought only destruction and heartbreak into his life.”
“Ah. Well, you have come to the right place, but I believe some explanation will be in order. Come in.”
It is a mark of the years that I have spent knowing and indeed studying this man that allowed me the knowledge to see his composed expression and deduce lasting contrition. He was yet withholding. “And what else? For there must be something else.”
“There are two gentlemen to see you, Mr. Holmes, who insisted they would not be turned away.”
“It occurred to me early this morning, Watson, that I had been neglecting to reorganize and declutter my records for quite some time now, and thus in this negligence I have allowed them to fall into an inexcusable state of disrepair. As I have recently relieved myself of a case and there is no question of going outdoors today I felt it was as fit a time as any to rectify this mistake. It’s an ample opportunity to refamiliarise myself with all that I need to know in order to keep my profession.”
Speaking to Macnair now knowing all the things he had done was like seeing a completely new man. His appearance had not changed at all from the previous night, but it was in the little details that he now seemed changed, as his every action took new meaning so as to seem more vile and menacing. The way he immediately aimed to gain physical proximity from me, regardless of my comfort; his constant watch of reaction to his words; or his catalogue of everything I had ever revealed to him, regurgitated to me like proof. All these now were seen in a different light and seemed to be tinged with his sinister claim on me, and I both felt disgusted and mournful that I had considered him a close friend. I realized then that he did not know me, but merely my specific traumas, and had confused them to be one and the same.
Holmes’ eyes widened, and I shook my head. “It is indeed nothing of the kind that you suggest, but embarrassing to me nonetheless. I merely overindulged in spirits at the club, overcome as I was in those initial days of grief, and was in no state to make my own way home. Macnair as my companion at the time thus brought me to his as it was closer than my Kensington apartments, so that I may sleep off my drunkenness on his sofa until morning brought with it sobriety.”
“It is what you wanted is it not? Watson as your companion for life - a concept I agree is most desirable, as I have cherished in it myself. You would be the luckiest man in the world to have him by your side.”
On our step was the fellow that had been in conversation with myself, Holmes, and Macnair last night, one James Abbott, to my knowledge. He looked nervous, his eyes flitting between me and Mrs. Hudson behind me with some bemusement, and he held up a note. “I was instructed to come here at 10 this morning, and call on Mr. Vernet?”
Macnair spun, and arrogantly sank back into Holmes’ armchair. “I could hardly comment on that, could I? You are a tricky man, Mr. Holmes, and I have had no better source to that fact. I do not see what I could possibly stand to gain from my admittance.”
I finally broke it some minutes later, the not knowing getting to me. I could not see a possible way to prove Macnair’s guilt without telling the complete truth of our relations.
Holmes met his eyes with his own steely gaze, before unexpectedly, his shoulders dropped. He looked to the floor, and to my surprise, he took his eyes off Macnair to turn to me and put a hand on my arm. “He is right. I would not risk calling on the police, not if it endangered you.”
Too late I realized what Holmes most likely had already, that all my instances listed of being envious of someone in a romantic sense were over himself. If he noticed I could not tell, for he only nodded to himself as if this was information he had guessed at even as I flushed and looked away hastily, hoping he would not comment on it.
“That is why I am here, is it not, Mr. Holmes?” Macnair ended, his gaze trained on Holmes’ door which swung open at once, revealing my friend behind it, his expression speaking of blazing anger.
“Alright.”
Holmes was quick to the doorway. “That must be Lestrade.” he said, but still gestured to his pocket, and I understood his signal and grabbed my revolver from my desk before I followed him down the stairs. If our killer was bold enough to enter through our front door once, what would stop him from making another attempt?
"And when you attempt to engage me in conversation on the occasions that I would prefer to sit in silence, do I not inform you? So that we may both avoid any unsaid but keenly felt anger?”
, he would forgive me for, especially as we were on a case that exposed our dual natures so distinctly.
“How long have you lo- have you felt this way for me?”
“Nevertheless, Watson. I hold you very dear to me.”
As I could not take my own armchair, I sat at my desk at Holmes’ elbow as he explained in a collected manner all that had happened since we first arrived home a mere hour ago, bringing Lestrade up to date on the details we had learned from Mrs. Hudson and that he had picked up by examining the body, as well as alerting him to the presence of the mysterious charming companion who had disappeared without much trace.
Again he was quiet, but he did raise his eyes to me, his expression blank. “I believe it would say much the same, as I’ve not much to update it with - although your nerves have much recovered since your time in active duty, and we have locked your chequebook away for some years now.”
“I am thinking of the three years I believed you dead!”
He clapped his hands to my shoulders. “But there is nothing one can do about it at the moment, and I assure you, even as it may not seem so, Baker Street is still safe enough for you to get some rest tonight, Doctor. I will make sure of it.”
He was asking to be polite and as a precursor for some request or announcement, for we both knew that I wasn’t to leave the house for the duration of this particular case for the danger Macnair presented. Even then, I had not much cause to leave, for I had sold my practice when moving back to Baker Street (to a man I knew now without a doubt to be some relation of Holmes’), and what patients I had kept had no appointments this week as I had believed there was a chance I would still be in the country.
Holmes looked up sharply, “Do you happen to know what flowers they were?”
- all flower definitions come abridged from http://thelanguageofflowers.com/ (and other google cross-referencing ofc)
“It’s no matter, there are more pressing things at hand that are of increased relevance. For instance, I believe I have solved our case.”
“You really never suspected?”
Before I knew it, the music was ending. I could not tell how long we had danced for it felt timeless, and yet I was grieved to find it over so soon. We stood still as it swelled to a stop, in the closed position of the waltz, and then Holmes raised my hand where it was still clutched in his to his lips, like he had done as his French counterpart, and kissed it softly. Then, in a reverent tone that was both familiar and yet unknown to me, “I dare say we are finally nearing our time, my dear.”
“Yes, there has been sufficient turmoil tonight, hasn’t there, Watson.” said Holmes, as ever reading my thoughts as if I had said them aloud.
Obligingly, I looked through the index and found the page he requested before reading aloud. “Petunia. Resentment and Anger.”
Wordlessly, Holmes nodded and knelt before my side, lighting my cigar as I held it between my lips and fingers. His expression was concentrated on the thing as he did so, and the second it was lit he stepped away from me as quick as he could, his stare transferring to the carpet at my feet.
I cleared my throat, “I dare say you will, Holmes, although even with your disguise I would recommend caution. Your reputation should not be damaged.”
He snapped his fingers, for despite his words and the tension currently between us, he was still impatient at my slowness. “His words tonight. He painted a picture of a man heartbroken over one he had loved and lost. Do you deny being that man?”
“Really?” I could not help myself from asking. This particular club had a substantial but not large clientele base, and so it was not unusual for us to know bits of each other’s business, more so in Macnair’s case. A journalist as he was by day, the man never truly lost his habits and thrived on gossip like no one else I knew, barring of course, my own Holmes.
That expression from the previous morning appeared in his eyes again, from when he made the deduction of where my interests lie and I met them to be found with surprise and no little amount of awe. His other hand came to join our grasp, and I fear that the tears that rose within my eyes could not be stopped this time.
“So you still have not forgiven me for that?”
“There is nothing to gain, Macnair, but repentance!” I bit out angrily.
“Yes, it was all quite mysterious actually. He’d been coming less and less near the end of the decade, and Frank Longwood - did you ever meet him? He’s nearly engaged now, poor sod, remind me to tell you, it’s quite the rag, his mother has always been cheerfully insane but this took the cake - oh, where was I?”
Here he cut, as in the time he had been working himself into a strop I had crossed the room and now brought both his arms down, before raising mine to hold fast to his shoulders. “Holmes,” I said, plainly, and I felt more than saw him settle.
I didn’t turn from my desk, content to keep working and wait for him to explain at his own pace. As expected, he obliged some few minutes later.
“Then you are not going!” said I, and I stood in my indignation. “Of course I will be with you.”
Holmes, as always, was leagues ahead of me in this respect as he was all others, and he spoke in that tone that often meant I would soon be involved in some small-scale criminal activity. “In order to do so, my dear Watson, I feel that we may have need to engage an accomplice.”
And then he didn’t spare another breath before unraveling the tale of Mrs. Knightley’s thievery in his dramatic baritone, leaving me to play the enraptured audience once more.
“Thank you, my dear.” I said as evenly as I could control my tone, holding his gaze as long as I could bear before I gave into the urge to look away down to the papers in my hands.
I did not look away. “Faithfulness and consistency as you said, but mostly of course, it is rather pretty.”
When at last he spoke, it was not in fact about my inclinations at all. “I had long known your marriage was built more out of compassion than love, but I confess that even now your capacity for kindness astounds me, Watson.”
“Wait, Watson,” Holmes cut me off at once with a raised hand, “you seem to be mistaken. You are not coming.”
“Here again we disagree, Holmes. For I say there is no one more worthy of my high regard than you.” Despite the lump building in my throat, and the disbelief in my stomach, my heart began to rise in my chest, and I felt as if I was in danger of letting out a laugh.
He tsked but laid his facts before me regardless. “This gentleman is in his mid-thirties, I would hazard to guess, and is a journalist judging by his typist’s fingers and the bags under his eyes - they speak of late nights and deadlines. From his clothes we can tell he is not very well off but comfortable enough, with a cushion afforded by his small yet substantial inheritance. He has only his mother left to mourn him.”
Although this new information thrilled me - for now I could be freer in my home and in my friendship with him than I had hardly ever imagined to be before - it did not mean however that I could be optimistic, and could hope for him to return my feelings. His having the same bent that I did had no bearing on whether he would want engage in anything with anyone, celibate as he had presumably been these years, and let alone with me, who was his oldest platonic friend. It would not do to consider it or to dwell on it, and I only hoped that whatever he gleaned from my
Lestrade looked between the both of us, and I could see plainly that he did not wish to leave our mystery unattended, especially with his confusion at Holmes’ sudden dismissal. He would have to however, and God forgive me but I was grateful then for whatever crime had taken place to remove him from our sitting room and the conversation I was about to start. “Alright. Do not hesitate to wire for me if there is anything I can do.” And then mercifully, he departed.
“How lucky for us. And what is your business again?”
“Holmes, you cannot be serious!” I exclaimed.
“But then Watson, I am a fool!” he intoned, turning back to me. “Indeed, I am no smarter than any of the idiots they staff at Scotland Yard these days! For I call myself a detective and yet for years-!
I had no choice but to put my anger aside and tell him. His eyebrows raised when I told him the name of the club but he otherwise said nothing. As I did my best to remember the names and aliases of men I had not associated with in almost a year, I considered him, his calculating expression of committing the names to memory breaking the façade of the disguise. The emotions that had been written on his face during his outburst not even a minute prior, however, had been wiped clean as if they hadn’t existed in the first place. And yet in my mind’s eye I could still see the anxiety, backed by something even larger that I was not able to decipher.
He was in the same position that he had been for the last hour, sitting with his cherry pipe in his comfortable and worn mouse colored dressing gown, staring deeply into the fire in thought. Now though, his gaze was on me, and was a cross between expectant and realization.
I walked the short distance to him, and pulled him closer by way of reaching for his hand. “Why, Holmes, I have been in love with you since the moment we first met, and have scarcely stopped since! Of course I do!” I entangled our fingers and he allowed me, his eyes never leaving mine, “I cannot begin to explain how you make me feel, for it is an experience beyond description. It is powerful enough for me to weather anything, even grief, for being at your side is something I have found to cure all wounds. You spoke of luminescence once, and indeed you are a shining light in a world of darkness, and time after time you have brought me back to life with your mere presence and energy. It is inconceivable for me to picture not loving you, Holmes.”
Holmes handed me the ledger he had been scribbling in. “Read back for me what is already written, and transcribe what I dictate. I’m updating and reviewing.”
I will report as a matter of future notice, that Mrs. Hudson was quite cross with us when morning arrived and papers remained strewn about the sitting room, forgotten in our sudden disinterest the previous night. However, using our combined powers of flattery we were able to mollify her into bringing us a hearty breakfast that we shared as we did thousands of meals before, albeit this time with matching grins of contentment and resolution.
“Mrs. Hudson!” he said, matching her tone wryly.
Macnair laughed at his joke, and I did too to match his good humor, but my mind was racing with the onslaught of information that had just been given to me.
And then everyone went still. In the newfound silence, we watched as Macnair’s glass fell from his hands as he slumped. My medical instincts moved me in autopilot from Holmes to his side, and I began opening his shirt buttons in an attempt to see the wound, which was rapidly staining his shirt red.
I have always been guilty of embellishments in my stories and that novel is not exempt, but better put, is in fact the example that proves the rule. When I first met Mary Morstan I did remark that she was a very attractive woman, however that was as far as my feelings toward her went at the time for I was still very much hopelessly infatuated with a man I believed would never be capable of returning my affection. After the conclusion of the case however, she approached me because as sharp as she was, she had deduced my situation without either of us saying a word, with that sense that only those who were of our inversion could ever truly reach. She offered her counsel, and when I rebuffed her and told her that she did not know my friend as I did, she then asked if I could be of some further help to her instead.
Holmes himself had grown pale. I imagined that he was thinking as I was, of Professor Moriarty and his threats. As quickly as I’d noticed it however, the anxiety in his expression cleared, and he shook his head. “No, no. Nothing in the appearance of this message - for this man’s death is a clear message to Watson - has any mention or relevance to me, or our connection. It is intended to be directed only at you.”
I ignored him. “Holmes! Retrieve my medical bag for me, please!”
I raised my hand to trace his sharp jaw and brushed a thumb along his high cheekbone where an impossible tear had fallen, and smiled. “Love is an inherently positive emotion, and if anything, my dear, the warm memories of it sustained me in the three long years of your absence, and it has rejuvenated me beyond belief in your revival. I had no hope that my love would be returned and therefore no despair, so to hear that it is after all requited brings me nothing but joy.”
Mrs. Hudson rose to take the paper he handed her, and nodded once. On her way to the door I managed to clear my throat, and thank her.
“But- but, Holmes, surely there is some way-“
Holmes clapped my good shoulder. “Aha! See, Watson, how we have just secured our evidence! Come, next we must see where he supplies his poison, and then we may begin the final preparations in earnest.”
“Oh, but I do, Johnny.”
The Holmes that stood immediately before me was completely unrecognizable, except for the triumphant grin he gave that was likely a result of my jaw-dropped expression. I have always said my friend could have another career as an actor, not just for his talents in disguise and performing but in how he lapped up praise; he was ever delighted in my reactions to his costumes, and made sure to debut them for me even if I would not be accompanying him on whatever venture he needed it for.
At that I stumbled slightly. “Vernet?”
I captained the ship onward regardless. “Whatever do you mean?”
“My word!” He exclaimed upon seeing the scene of our sitting room.”What-“
That seemed to be the answer he was both looking forward to and dreading, as he slammed a fist against the mantle, jostling its many items.
“I would not rush to make any judgements of the sort just yet. I have the feeling there is still much to be learned from the little gift our murderer has given us.”
“Interesting.”
He shook his head, casting aside his pipe as he sat up. “Your high regard for me, if not greatly exaggerated by him, is something I wholly do not deserve.”
Holmes stopped stalking about and glanced down before his eyes flitted back just as quickly back to my face, his voice holding some rebuke. “Did I what?”
“And what the devil does that do for me then?”
“Idiot.” It was harsh, but all I could muster.
“Can you think of anyone who wishes you harm, Dr. Watson?” He asked.
The shopkeeper went off to fulfill his order, leaving us alone for me to smile and say, “It is actions like this one that save her from throwing us out entirely.”
“Yes, thank you,” he said, to my surprise, before explaining privately to me, “for Mrs. Hudson. She has been much tried these past few days out of worry for you, and the hidden meanings should escape her in any case.”
If I rolled my eyes at his long-repeated jibe at my work, he either did not see, or did not see fit to reply.
‘Magic.’  He wiggles his eyebrows at me.
John said, ‘Dead men don’t make toast.’
He takes the box from me.  ‘We only need one of the condoms, but we’ll use all the lube,’ he says.  ‘Do you want me to put this on you?’
‘John, you are
It’s very hard to walk a long distance along a public footpath with fucked knees and a raging erection.
Those lips.  I want to kiss them.
‘’Course they do.  I’m just saying kids run away for a reason, and if you ask me, it’s usually to get away from something.’  He slouches off to the photocopier.
‘Doubt it.’
‘Yes, all our three went there.  My husband Malcolm went there too, so he feels it’s only right.’
‘Why not?’
He steps back from me then, and starts unbuttoning his shirt.  I watch his slim hands work the mother-of-pearl elegantly, mesmerised.  It takes me until he has divested himself of shirt and started on trousers to actually realise what he is about.
‘I know.’
‘You have no idea how often I’ve imagined you doing this to me.’
He lies down on his back in the grass, his head circled with a halo of daisies and campion, and holds his hand out to me.  I kneel down and slide my hand up his open thigh.  So smooth.  I want to tell him how much I love him.  I want to tell him how beautiful he is, what he means to me. But there are no words for this. I understand him now, his greed for union.  He has no words either.  When I look at his face, I see his eyes are brimming.  He feels it too.  This overwhelming thing that we have, that we share.  Only death can ever part us now.  And even that won’t be for long.  For how can I live without this?  How could either of us?
There were voices in hushed tones outside in the hallway, and from what I had been able to make out it was Inspector Lestrade, back again with news. Out of my eagerness, I exited Holmes’ bedroom at once, rushing to greet him and discover what he learned and could tell us of this other, similar murder. Especially in this case, I was determined not to miss a single detail. Holmes was with him, having opened the door for him, and I bid him good morning as well before focusing my attentions.
“What would you have me do?”
“I can tell you nothing Watson, except for the meagre details that appear before me!”
I stood up, having had enough of his tireless pacing, and put a hand on his arm, stilling him at once. “Go on?”
I swallowed, and looked away to think. “I do not know, since soon after our first meeting I would think.”
Lestrade had an arm restraining Abbott, who was now in chains but otherwise did not move. The both of them wore matching looks of shock. Holmes had stood up, his trousers wet but unheeded, and was watching the scene with a grave look of sorrow on his fine featured face.
, or our Mr. Langley, had written them some five to seven years ago. They were then kept folded into the bottom drawer of his desk, only to be found by someone who did not understand his organization and was looking for something hidden. These letters were indeed hidden, but not in the same intention as the ring she hoped to find, and had not been removed for quite some time. I do not believe their removal will even be accounted for until Miss Finnegan calls attention to it later today.”
“I’m not sure how to break this to you without hurting your feelings, my dear Watson, though unfortunately I feel it is my duty to inform you. I believe the man we seek is none other than your lover, Douglas Macnair.”
“No, sir. Just that Dr. Watson and you were expecting them, and that they were happy to wait until you returned.”
Our landlady shrieked upon seeing the body in front of the fireplace, but Holmes did not afford her a whit of sympathy before interrogating her on the night’s events. Though white as a sheet, she was still the woman of steel that bore the likes of us daily, and so she nevertheless sat on the settee and while staring unseeingly into the dead man still unknown on our floor, began her report.
His countenance was inscrutable, and yet his eyes were a deep grey ocean, so that I wished I could tilt his face with my hand, as to properly see into those depths. It was as I was lifting my hand to do so that it all began to turn into water, and then to fade, and all at once I was awake, and blinking up at my ceiling and breathing as if I had just been running.
I flushed somewhat at that, and to my horror Abbott took that to make an erroneous assumption, “Oh! Were you- are you two-”
Macnair laughed. “And what is that?”
He waved a hand as if it were nothing. “No need, old boy.” - and to think, after all this I could still be
- abbott's line is reminiscent of watson's own "can i be of assistance?" from  the adventure of the speckled band. but i was hearing granada david burke's voice so i messed with it to match :)
Holmes glared once more at the ceiling. “I do not believe it is. Had she just brought the matter to him in the first place, she would not have worked herself into such a panic and not be out the fee my services demand.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I made myself chuckle. “I believe so, he did not give me all the details, and claimed it was a solitary mission.”
Macnair chuckled. “I wanted to see if he could do it! And what his reaction would be to seeing his great magnificent detective backed into a corner when it mattered most, how you failed to protect him.
“Mary was… a dear friend.” I said tentatively, before leaning forward slightly in my seat. “But that is all you have to say, Holmes? I have just confessed my greatest secret, something you could send me to the gaol for-“
“I have had no such qualms as to return.”
Holmes looked into my eyes and took a deep breath. “I do not believe I can.”
"How hard can it be, really, to be honest with one’s partner during disagreements! You and I have succeeded all these odd years.”
I loosened my grip on him in order to draw him into my arms as I had always wished, only for him to supersede me, breaking his fingers from my grasp.
“You cannot expect me to just sit here waiting, twiddling my thumbs like some helpless damsel, while you intend to entertain my would-be murderer!”
“Ah yes, by ‘88 we’d written him off, to be quite honest, figured he had found someone on the outside, for he when he did visit he was distracted and not particularly
Holmes simply gave me a smile that I could not begin to understand, and marched to his room, picking up his Stravidius as he went. “You will see.” And then he closed the door with the scraping of his violin sounding behind it, leaving me to wonder if the past 24 hours were some strange dream.
Fortunately, I was saved from answering by the return of the constable, asking for a word with Lestrade outside. I watched him go, aware suddenly that his presence was both the biggest threat to me at the moment and yet my only rescue from the realization my friend had just made about my nature.
I stared hard at him, suddenly very anxious to know the answer. “Did you find your curiosity satisfied?”
, has only brought him destruction. He had a shining career, a life ahead of him, and yet as a result of my bringing him into the fold he has now been corrupted with a felony charge, convinced to commit murder in my name! His trust in me has ruined him.”
“If not with me, but with you! The look on his face when you revealed to him that it was you in disguise last night, he was starstruck I’m sure,” I chanced a glance. “Physical and facial similarities aside, he rather reminded me of me, when we had first become acquainted.”
! Of course I was angry enough to seek some sort of retribution!
He did not meet my gaze, continuing to scan the body in that recognizable calculated way that could pull any mortal man apart within minutes. He fingered gently the man’s clothing, brushing over and removing the three single flowers that were pinned to the man’s left breast pocket, along with something else I could not catch a glimpse of. Finally he then looked up at me, his expression unreadable but filling me with cold dread all the same.
“Mr. Vernet.”
Coming here had not satisfied that void either, for my real wish was to have someone to share a space with again, to share the paper with in the mornings, to go on walks with in the afternoons, and to smile at over our respective books in the evenings. While that did not seem possible to find in this environment (although I knew those that had found it here, I had no hope for myself, my heart belonging to someone I firmly believed to be at the bottom of some Swiss waterfall), here I was able to find conversation again, and could speak about my troubles unburdened by the lies society dictated I hid them with. And so I had in this sanctuary - revealed bits of myself and voiced emotions I had kept hidden for years, my feelings for Holmes the chief of it but also how lonely and bereft his loss had truly made me feel.
I poured us both some brandy from the sideboard before taking my own glass as I took an uneasy seat into my armchair, where the corpse yesterday had lay at my feet. “You mean to say if I had not gone with you then, then there would have been no reason for this second man to have died. Or if I had just gone back and visited him at the club once again, this all could have been avoided.”
- watson's virtues in the same rant are taken from the play by Lee Shackleford,
“No, I do not believe so,” said I, rather than mention any of this.
Holmes had bristled, but something in my last sentence had made him relax his shoulders at the last in conciliatory defeat . “As you wish.”
“No!” he said, though his tone turned cautious, “But at the time, yes.”
It was that last thought that sent a jolt of realization through me. “Holmes,” I gasped, “what of Lestrade? What explanation can we give now of events that do not implicate us as well?”
“What is of utmost importance is that you are safe!” Holmes yelled. I found any possible retort drying up suddenly. “I will not knowingly put you in harm’s way in this matter, there are too many unknown variables in that it is specifically designed by one who knew you when I had left you at your most vulnerable! I will not do it.”
“I am sorry, Abbott, but as I cannot do it myself and I see no other alternative - you are to act as our bait.”
“But that’s not all, Johnny! For as suddenly as his frequent visits started again, they abruptly stopped in ‘91, with no clear explanation, and not a word to any of us. There have been the theories in the rumor mill of course - I thought him dead, but Longwood said he’d left the country and gone back to France, presumably with the lover that’d broken his heart those years before. But Frank’s the dreamy sort. Maybe it is lucky he’s out of the picture, I would’ve been out ten pounds otherwise.”
“He- he did in fact, on two or three separate occasions that I can remember,” I swallowed. “What of the motive you mentioned? Surely it could not be jealousy alone that spurred his actions? That body found in the park before the one in our sitting room - how could he be pushed to that extreme?”
“I will give you a hint, my dear Watson.” My heart clenched at his specific word usage, and I regretted for the umpteenth time the amount to which I had let this vile man into my confidence. “There is no police presence joining us here tonight, nor will there be. For to bring me forward to the police without confession would bear the great and wisely foreseen risk that I would be brought to trial, giving me the chance to expose you and your own criminal state. And murderer or not, Johnny, I assure you that the law will not look more favorably upon you than it will on me. That is exactly what your precious detective fears, in the end. The law.”
“I had never hoped to love and be loved in such a way, and yet here it is so easily before me, real without a doubt. But I have learned now that that is the nature of love, dear heart, that it exists for the same reasons that flowers grow - a display of Providence’s simple kindness.”
I will… make an effort I suppose then, to show it.” He nodded to himself, before looking once more to me. “For you must understand - Watson, there is no one in this world I trust as I do you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I was almost to the door when I was stopped by Holmes calling my name, and dutifully turned.
Holmes looked at me finally before he responded in kind, and for that I am eternally grateful.
“If you are going to extoll the virtues of open communication then it would do for me to inform you that I believe tossing your empty vials and discarded notes haphazardly into the hidden space beside the cabinet does not qualify as cleaning, and that Mrs. Hudson is beginning to grow tetchy with
“Why, Watson,” he began, somewhat muffled by his head buried as it was by the pillows, “do people not merely trust their spouses?”
He stood then, and beckoned for me to give him the floriography book. I did, while I interjected, “Out? Where?”
Holmes snorted, and merely buried his nose further into me, his eyes shutting once more. “In the interest of honesty, John, I would much rather go for a nap than handle anything of the sort at the moment.”
“Some ten months, almost to the day I would wager!” Macnair was almost exactly as I’d remembered him, a man of distinctly sharp features, dark hair at his shoulders, and piercing eyes that belied a large, jovial smile. He was a handsome sort, and while our relationship had never moved past some flirtatious talk, he had been witness and confidante to many of my breakdowns and I considered him a friend even in my evidently noticed absence.
Holmes slumped slightly, from where we were leaning against the wall of an alley observing Macnair walking away merrily, poison in hand. His mood was very different from our last discovery. “Sometimes it depresses me, Watson, that the criminal mind of London does not need too large of an imagination to exact evil upon its populace.”
He merely shrugged. “As I said, this is our simplest strategy. Abbott has already been introduced to Macnair’s line of vision, by taking him in as our confederate we can then control events to our liking.”
“Just the one.” I agreed, giving him a small smile back.
As I did so my friend finally turned to me, smiling broadly as if nothing was amiss. “Ah, Watson, here at last. Good morning.”
“Who is it? Do I know him? Am I safe?”
When I returned, Lestrade had arrived with his constable and the undertakers to finally free our rooms, and Holmes sat watching their proceedings from my desk with a keen eye. The flowers the man had had on his person had been removed, I saw, and sat before him next to a book he had pulled from my own shelf.
He was conversing with the barkeep, about something much more than just his drink order, and I observed him at work, his usual queer mannerisms heightened and enhanced in the character he played. I could not hear his words with the distance between, but from the side profile of his face could see that he was affecting an accent.
It is not often that I dream when I sleep, but when I do they are of a vivid quality that is like accessing another plane of existence. This could be dire when my memories of the war and its aftermath intruded on them, but tonight they were kinder, and yet provided me with much to think about all the same.
“Yes, of course I understand your reasoning, but it isn’t about that. It’s about your trust in my abilities! Every time you attempt to shield me from the truth of your actions it stings, because it begins to feel as if you do not think me strong, or smart, or quick enough to handle it and be by your side in whatever you are facing.”
The woman’s expression lit up with some surprise, “You know, sir, as you are not the first of our customers to favor that flower, somewhat rare as it can be, we happen to have quite a good deal of it in stock. It is of a good significance - faithfulness and dedication.”
“You’ll stay for one more drink, won’t you, Johnny?”
It has always been somewhat of a treat for me to see Holmes remove his artful disguises, and this time was no different as I watched him remove those wretched sideburns and begin wiping his face free of the makeup that dramatized his features, becoming with each move more like the man I knew.
He did not answer me, instead at once kneeling again and resuming his careful inspection of the body, as if it might reveal any more clues to the man’s identity and purpose, or indeed to his friend’s.
“Funny sort of fellow, isn’t he?” Macnair said as we watched them leave. I remarked that I did not know what he meant, and the man merely shrugged, though there was something in his eyes I had not seen before, and when he met my gaze it did not immediately leave.
“You don’t know that.”
However instead of pulling me in as I envisioned he went suddenly in the opposite direction, jumping up and standing to face the fireplace in a pose of frustration made familiar to me by many years of cases. For the life of me I could not understand why it appeared now.
Dawson was rather excitable, and I needed not bother asking how he and his ilk had tracked me down here when I hadn’t once mentioned my location to Holmes. “What is it then?”
Today’s appointment appeared to be one such meeting. Holmes had loudly declared the matter to be a trifle upon reading that our visitor would be calling at half past ten that morning, and yet had prepared to receive them anyway, putting away the materials from his explosive chemical experiment that had taken up his attention the past few days, and positioning himself readily in his chair so as to be ready for the consulting.
“But I have hurt you, many times now. As you have said, I once knowingly allowed you to mourn for me. You have been in great pain as a direct result of my absence, Watson.”
“Oh, dear.”
I must have made a noise at his luck, for he laughed sharply before nudging me so that we may continue walking, now with an eye on Macnair.
He was speaking, of course, of how Macnair would no doubt be heading to resume his watch over Baker Street now that he had plans of his own for me, for that was the direction he had set off toward. “And how do you propose to do that, Holmes? Or did you also commission another waxwork bust when you returned to London last year?” I asked only half-jokingly, referring to the decoy of himself he had used in the capture of that villain Col. Sebastian Moran.
“Yes. I had deduced all that I could from you in the six weeks that we had been acquainted and shared diggings, in addition to those three scant points, and yet it seemed something about you both eluded and intrigued me, no matter how much time I spent in your presence. I could tell that you were curious about me, and I you, so I thought by having you accompany me we could both satisfy ourselves.”
I had turned wordlessly to Holmes, who was in quiet contemplation, staring intently at the file in my hand likely having deduced whose it was. “That record has not been updated in quite some time - not since the month of our first acquaintance I should think.” He cleared his throat. “I penned it with the viewpoint of you as a prospective fellow lodger rather than a friend or anything else.”
“Never.” I confirmed to this, and the idea that he was alone, so that he may hear again that he was always loved.
“Jealousy, Watson, as I said! He might believe that the strife that the murder caused you would be enough to jar you emotionally, and that as there is no way of finding comfort in your cool-minded companion, you may be pushed once again to need a confidante and return to the club to his nurturance once more. That is just one hypothesis for his actions, but I fear the envious brain is not often the most rational.”
“Such as?”
“As you know I have in all our time together found you to be a comforting companion, due most of all to your predictability in habits and mannerisms. And yet you equally never fail to surprise me, and I never get your limits, even now. You bring a variety to my life that I value very highly, but that cannot be expressed in words, especially in the ledgers I catalogue criminals in.” His lip quirked.
“I would argue that your entire business is built on prying.”
“Alright.” I conceded, finally, because any resistance to Sherlock Holmes was futile from the start. Exhaustion was starting to take hold, the adrenaline finally seeping away and leaving me to agree to his terms. “But you will wake me at the first sign of trouble.”
“Very well.” I retired any further objections. I already had reason to have recognized the keen excitement and curiosity in Abbott’s eyes.
This was not the answer I had expected nor wanted, it sufficed to say. “Is this what you make of me, Holmes?”
Let it not be said that I am not aware of Holmes’ methods. While I would never flatter myself to be on his level of aptitude in every manner of deduction and investigation, I had in my years with him endeavored to pick up some skills, and thus when I found myself following the man himself I was not without an arsenal of knowledge. I trailed behind him at a significant distance, helped by the fact that I knew his destination and as such could take alternate avenues to avoid suspicion, as I knew he was equally adept at recognizing and then avoiding being followed.
He made a noise like a scoff, staring resolutely through the window and not at me. “It is your business, Watson, and not mine to pry.”
Holmes nodded, his eyes meeting mine. “Indeed. Instead of a ring, or whatever she might have hoped to find, she found in his desk some correspondence that can only be described as love letters. They are addressed to a lady, Alberta, and although they are penned in Miss Finnegan's lover's hand, they are signed by the name Victor.”
I did not fully understand the purpose of our separation, I will admit, but as usual I trusted Holmes’ intentions, and that whatever he was doing on his own end, we were working toward the same goal. As tedious as spending those few hours were, I managed nonetheless, and it was as if no time had passed when I was suddenly being tapped on the shoulder by one of the street urchins Holmes employed as his “Irregulars”, looking quite insistent. I sized the boy as being around eight years of age, and smiled at him genially.
Instead, his eyes didn’t leave me. “You have a talent for flattery, Watson, that I have observed on many occasions now. With your natural advantages, everyone in your proximity is your helper.”
However to my surprise, all it took was some scarce handful of words before Archie allowed him in with a jovial tone to his voice, although I was too far to make them out clearly. Holmes patted him on the back and let out a laugh that was clear and low and unlike his own before disappearing within. This raised questions I did not have the time nor the facts to answer.
Holmes had not moved from my hold, except to lean into my touch. His face was warm and his expression was bright even as he asked the question: “But what of the time lost?”
I shrugged, growing tired of this topic, but trying my best not to show it. Macnair had been privy to many of the details of how I had missed Holmes, and this prying was him merely checking in with me in a probably purposefully light tone. I ought to be grateful. “Well then I am sorry to disappoint you. Truly though, I know all about my own exploits, how are you, old chap?”
He shook his head. “Now. I will need the title and the names of your closest associates of this club. No need for alarm, if anything they will merely point me in the right direction.”
“And what do you believe of flowers, my dear Holmes?”
“Which were?”
“Watson, I think you had better go to bed.”
It was just as well that he said so, as I was so exhausted by the day’s tribulations that I had barely undressed for bed and my head hit the pillow than I fell into a quick slumber.
“Thank you for your assistance.” I told her.
As it happened, I was growing rather tired of leaving things unsaid. This whole business had been borne out of unsaid feelings: Macnair’s decision to bide his time in telling me rather than give me an opportunity to reject him outright, but also in my own behavior, when I continued cowardly locking up my feelings and only carefully dispensing word of them, only for the dam to burst when I had believed him to be dead and incapable of ever hearing me, speaking those feelings to the first person who would listen. And when Holmes returned and I found it in me to forgive him, I had still been too scared to damage the balance between us, and to give him a reason to step away. I was still torn about what I had deduced of his own feelings toward me, but this case had given me evidence and drive enough to know that it was best if I bit the bullet as it were, because I was apparently even luckier than I knew.
For there in the inviting warmth of our sitting room and at the foot of my own armchair, lay a man supine upon the floor, unmoving.
“He has been poisoned, although an odorless one that will need to be identified by a coroner. Most likely arsenic, placed in the water procured by Mrs. Hudson so as to provide a quick yet clean death - this mysterious gentleman is clever, Watson.”
“They are clear enough, Holmes! Someone wants me dead, and they have demonstrated this with abundant clarity!”
“Besides, Johnny, you had to have known. I have been ever so obvious, after all. If only it weren’t for that small fact that I operated within the great shadow that is your real love.”
From the same pocket that he had carefully removed the flowers he pulled out a card, and he silently handed it to me. I could see that it was blank except for six words in neat penmanship.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Still,” said he, almost wildly, “do you not wish to know why I attended that club, that by some trick of Fate herself you in time called your own?”
I swallowed, and steeled myself to stand tall. “I do not. He did not exaggerate; I was emotionally distraught over losing one that I had-” here however I faltered, and softened the words by repeating his own, “that I had such high regard for.”
Be that as it may, his voice was made of ice when he spoke. “However did you realize, Mr. Macnair?”
“Oh, and what happened to
“Rouse Mrs. Hudson at once.”
- Holmes had written in his note. Men like that, as I knew from personal experience, were helpless to resist the concept of chance. “Perhaps. What are the terms?”
“You ain’t foolin’ me, guv, I can read, can’t I? But I shan’t pry, no need to worry.” He winked at me before taking my coat and hat, and I had had to suppress a groan.
Ten minutes later, Macnair came outside, and made the journey to the florist’s shop that we had just been in. We watched as he exited with a familiar bouquet some further minutes later, his face grim yet determined in a way that was unfamiliar to me, and set a chill down my spine.
“Do you know him well?” I asked.
“Mr. Holmes, I was just coming to offer you both a late lunch but upon seeing the state of these rooms I am more than disinclined to do so!”
Abbott stammered, but Macnair had not nearly finished.
“Watson. You are courageous. Honest. Considerate. Trustworthy. But most of all, my friend, you are forgiving, and it is this trait I have exploited time and time again so that I may satisfy my own need to keep you from harm’s way. And yet I cannot bear to think that you believe that my actions are as a result of my lack of trust in you. For you to even believe that I do not- that my regard for you isn’t but the highest! It is unfathomable.”
He laughed and did a turn, his blue coat flared around him as he spun, “What do you think, Watson, will I fit in at your club?”
If we were expecting anything elaborate however, we were disappointed, Holmes most of all. It seems that all it had taken Macnair to become a serial murderer was the patronage of a florist and a chemist, and the luck that the target of his malevolence had one of the most average and common faces in all of London.
“Indeed we have,” I agreed.
“And now?”
“You may leave the door open too, to hear anything running afoot, but also to see me in the sitting room should you need me. I will keep a fire going in any case, so everything should be visible to you.” He looked to me hopefully, but I could tell that he brooked no argument.
“As you did those poor two men. And how do you intend to make me do that?”
I nodded, and hoped my face accurately depicted my readiness. He went to touch my hand, before thinking better of his action and retrieving it. “Then I shall see you at our quarters soon. Stay safe, Watson.”
‘I’m here,’ I tell him softly.  ‘I’m not going anywhere.’
I get up, flick my towel at his arse, making him yelp, and shut the bathroom door behind me.
‘The witch in the shop,’ he hisses back out of the side of his mouth.
‘I came here when I was a child,’ he says, sounding a little distant.  ‘For a school trip, to see the castle.  I skived off, of course.  Why should I be interested in that old fossil of a castle anyway?’
‘We are called upon to witness to lost souls, that they might be redeemed,’ Mr Allen says righteously.  His wife nods in sweet agreement.
have run away,’ he says.
‘I said
‘Good friends?’
John made tea.
But he drank the tea.
After we have lain there a while, my hands riveted to his rapidly softening member, I decide to take action, but when I get up, he moans and grabs at me.
A few yards in, we find evidence of habitation.  Beer bottles.  Alcopop bottles.  Fag ends, both ready-made and roll-ups.  Empty cardboard packets, cigarettes and condoms.  No needles, though, because these are nice, middle class kids.  They won’t get into drugs until they get to University, and even then, it won’t be the injecting kind.
‘Just getting a cloth to clean you up,’ I tell him gently, and though he whimpers, he lets me go.  I come back from the bathroom with a warm, wet flannel and tenderly wipe him down, leaving a sheen of water on his pale skin.  I drop the used cloth on the floor and bestow a little kiss on the tip of his cock, which twitches in response.  Then I climb back into bed with him, and fold him into my arms.
‘I promise as soon as we get home, we’ll have bath.  Then you’ll feel better.’
‘Fuck you,’ I cough.
His eyes were unnaturally bright, which told me he was nervous.  I changed gear and then reached out to hold his hand as we careered up the Amberley road on the way home.
She giggles uncomfortably and slips back to the kitchen, leaving us to draw our own conclusions.
He fiddles with a stray thread that has worked its way out from under the piping on the arm of the sofa.
‘Jonny?’  Sherlock asks.  ‘Can we sit down?’
Before I start, a little preamble, just so’s you know, okay?  I’ve been Sherlock Holmes’s friend, flatmate and colleague for five years.  It doesn’t throw me anymore when people make assumptions about us, though it used to.  I don’t bother to correct them these days.  It’s too much work, anyway, and they never listen.  People think what they want to think.  Sherlock says they can think what they like.  We know the truth.  And we do.  It’s far more complicated than anyone would believe.  That’s how life tends to be, in my experience.
A long, hot trudge along the Arun valley yields results.
We are dripping with sweat when we reach the shade of the copse.  Even Sherlock has rolled up his shirt-sleeves as far as his biceps.  He has a dew of perspiration across his downy upper lip.  I have to look away.
Josh comes in and flops down on the sofa opposite us, beside his mother.  He eyes us sullenly from under his dark fringe.  His pout is impressive, even for a sixteen-year-old.  There is a vague air of unwashed t-shirt about him.  Oh, I remember those years fondly.
‘A card!  Oh, darling, you shouldn’t have!’ I said, because Sherlock doesn’t believe in cards or presents.  (It’s not because he’s mean, incidentally, it’s just that he sees them as sentimental and unnecessary.  But he still buys them for me, because he knows they matter in my head, even if they don’t in his.)
Still, it was best to ease him into it - it was an emotion-filled topic after all. I stood to take one of my cigars off of the mantle before regaining my seat. “Do you have a match, old fellow?”
He gave me a rare smile, bowing his head. “Still. Idiot that Douglas Macnair may be, in many respects some of the things he said tonight can be marked as true.” His tone was one I was familiar with, but only in scenes where he was minutes from triumph, after putting pieces together that no other man would ever fathom.
“And you are sure?”
We took a small break for luncheon at a restaurant on the same street corner with a vantage point from the window seating, for Holmes claimed they did remarkable things with oysters even as he ordered nothing but coffee, before resuming once again our surveillance of Macnair’s home. He had not left, and I was beginning to question what it was we were waiting to happen when a man knocked on his door to deliver a telegram.
Macnair clapped his hands together laughing, and my eyes finally broke away. “I had almost forgotten what you were like, Vernet, always perceptive. I should have known him to be your type, Watson!”
“A revelation!” I repeated, astounded, “I’ll say!” Of all clubs in London!
Right on cue, the bell rang downstairs. I rose from my seat and looked to Holmes, who did not move but merely sipped at his coffee. His eyebrows raised, a challenge just like in my dream, and I frowned but accepted, descending the seventeen steps.
Holmes had looked up at me in a way that made it worth it however, as if me agreeing to comb through old cases were surmountable to being a gallant knight. “That would be a wondrous help, old boy.”
“Yes, sir! Basil Dawson!” He grinned through missing teeth, seemingly delighted at my correct identification. “I’ve been asked to deliver a message to you, sir!”
I have often observed and even written at length about the effects the completion of a case had on Holmes, ranging from a state of intense exhilaration and smugness to the deflation into ennui that he could just as easily slip into. Over the past decade that I had spent sharing his rooms and in his company I have seen all of these moods and more, and have learned how best to weather each of them.
I shook my head, but made an effort to think back. The only occasions that I could call to mind were small, and barely worth remark, but I recounted them anyways. Times when for instance Hopkins became perhaps too comfortable in expressing his adoration for Holmes, or when a client batted her eyes at him in a way that did not speak of the grieving her manner of dress conveyed. “Little acts that bred some small annoyance,” said I, for otherwise they did not do much to ruffle my feathers as I was assured of my place at his side.
“His loyalties ran deep it seems, and he had decided to throw his lot in with your plight from the moment we told it to him.”
Holmes seemed amused, so I did not feel too alarmed, but I knew my ears were still burning red as I rushed to my bedroom to change.
I took a deep breath, closing my eyes. “I do not wish to speak ill of the dead, Holmes, but let me say this. Macnair was an idiot.”
- “It seems now that there is a long night ahead of us, although I believe I have indeed narrowed our scope immeasurably. Eat, and get some rest today, for at 8 tonight the chase will commence in earnest.”
- Wilde v. Queensberry, or the ordeal when Oscar Wilde accused his boyfriend Lord Alfred Douglas' dad for libel for calling him gay. thats the nicest way of putting a very tragic trial.
“Holmes-” I tried to interrupt, but imperious as ever he had not yet lost steam.
DINNER AT MINE TONIGHT STOP MEET AT CLUB AT EIGHT IF INTERESTED STOP J WATSON FINAL STOP
“Yes.” Holmes agreed, halting the inspector’s conclusion. “Then our suspect has seen that we have found the body and are actively investigating, due to your presence here Lestrade, and that of the undertakers. They have been watching enough too, to know that their first attempt failed to gain Watson’s attention and so they needed to try again in a much bolder, obvious fashion.”
In the end, what Holmes told Lestrade was an almost complete fabrication. It managed to cover our tracks up well enough, even if the inspector gave me a look when he thought it escaped Holmes’ notice, as if asking me to confirm that the explanation was indeed fact.
“It falls in with the concept of
“Then we must look closer,” Holmes said, and knelt down before the body to pick up the flowers laid on the man’s left jacket pocket. “I believe these may hold the answer.”
Thankfully, Baker Street came along in good time, and we three exited the cab, Macnair’s hand on my elbow easing my dismount. I let us in and up the stairs, but Mrs. Hudson greeted us before we entered the apartment and I saw her eyes widen at seeing Macnair, another confirmation of our suspicion. Still as I have said time and time again, the woman possesses a backbone of steel, and did not flinch before asking to take our coats and hats, and to tell us that dinner would be up with a ring of the bell. I thanked her with a touch of her hand, and she smiled steadily, inaudibly telling me to be careful.
Abbott looked around, still bemused. I noticed that his handsome beard had in fact now been cut down to merely a recognizable mustache and some short, sharp sideburns. “I’m sorry, I thought I was here to meet an acquaintance, William Vernet- but you are Sherlock Holmes. are you not?”
It was rather a role reversal in a certain way, for him to be in the position I so often had assumed, my service revolver ready in protecting him from threat and keeping watch as we waited in some dark niche for some plan of his to come to fruition. And yet now it was him keeping watch for me.
Despite the obvious jest in his tone and the accent he’d taken on to be both a lower register as well as vaguely upper-class French, I blushed like a young maiden asked to dance. “Really, Holmes.”
Holmes snorted. “As satisfied as I can be after the drastic turn of events. Abbott’s actions were unpredictable, even for me, I should say.” He was still as arrogant as ever, however, I noted with affection.
He appeared to be a new man, but in the details I could see he was in fact a heightened form of himself. He now bore false sideburns that made his head seem rounder, almost. His cheeks were as clean shaven as ever, as was his liking, but he had done something to make them shine and it seemed as if his cheekbones were sharper and more defined along with some rouge. His hair was not slicked back in his usual style but fell differently around his face and into those new sideburns, glossy. His eyes were brighter somehow, as if he had outlined them to stand out so, and when I peered closer it seemed he had. He was dressed to the nines once again, but with some other flair that gave him a more dandyish air, most notably his elegant and richly coloured tailcoat, and large bow-tied cravat. Holmes had always been likened to be somewhat of an aesthete, but now it looked like he belonged fully as a member of that movement.
“I identified them as such from her missive detailing the matter this morning - the names from the letter are merely the masculine and feminine forms of the names of our queen and her consort, basic yet clever aliases for two individuals conducting a secret juvenile love affair. Upon being presented the letters themselves I was able to observe their wear and tear through the years that could not be avoided although they were well maintained. I judged that
“But Holmes, he-” I looked to Abbott, suddenly aware that he was still present and watching us argue about his involvement as if it were something more trivial than his life being at stake. I spoke to him instead, “Are you certain you wish to be a part of this, Mr. Abbott?”
He nodded, as much as he could in my hands.
He opened one eye against my chest. “Yes?”
“Holmes,” I insisted once again, for I confess I was getting rather impatient. And rattled, for that matter. I had been a soldier, and saw dangers and horrors almost just as regularly in my time with Holmes, so long as to grow somewhat numb to the fears inspired, but to see it invade our space like this was another thing entirely, and it unsettled me deeply. Even so however, I would not leave Holmes’ side. His not providing me with further answers except to dismiss me and attempt to keep me in the dark once again only left me more anxious to know what he had deduced thus far.
“So much that I fear I will not be able to sleep,” said I. Indeed I did not know how I would be able to leave this room and Holmes’ comforting presence as security, let alone close my eyes to drift off tonight.
The list finished there. I will confess, I was rather taken aback at the brevity of my record. A small time gang of graverobbers that I had firsthand witnessed the arrest of had been given a lengthier annal and yet I, his friend of so many years, had been given not even a few measly inches.
“Simple, it is a test of wills, and will play out as I have said. Bring forth your poison, and put a substantial amount into this glass. We both will drink from it, and continue to do so until we reach an indeterminable round that proved fatal for one of us. Whoever survives emerges victorious.”
I shook my head, but Macnair beat me to it. “No, no, nothing like that, lad. Although believe me, it was not for lack of trying.”
So as to not reveal how breathless the image of him imposing and elegant as ever in the lamplight left me, I made a joke that even to my ears marked a clear misunderstanding of what he had been saying, butchering the nuances of his speech. Yet he still barked a clear short laugh as he let us into our rooms, a demonstration perhaps of how on top of the world we felt we were that particular night.
“So you knew all this and did not inform Miss Finnegan? But her nerves could be soothed, for she may be thinking the worst.”
He shook his head once again. “I can no longer see point in doing so. I attended for the same reason that you did, I believe. I harbored some intense internal hatred before loneliness at your marriage won out in the end, and although my own paranoia sparked the disguise you saw me don, I sought out community against desolation as I believed my feelings for you to be quite unrequited.”
Unluckily for me, that was all that Sherlock Holmes was willing to reveal that night, and I was instructed not to press the matter further while he thought of the intricacies of his next steps, taking a seat in his favorite armchair and picking his clay pipe in a brooding silence. I took it as my cue to bid him goodnight, lest I be poisoned by the air as well as his frustrated wit, and trudged up to my room with my thoughts percolating.
“Of course you did not. He took great pains to hide it from you, as you were the target of his desire. Knowing you as he began to, and your dislike of rows and superfluous displays of anger, he had to have realized that all of this would have made him disagreeable to you at once, and so he endeavored to cover his tracks. Did he ever attempt to dissuade you from speaking to certain persons without adequate reason?”
He did not dignify that with a response, though I could tell he shared in my mirth nonetheless from the slight quirk in his lip and the touch of color on his sallow cheeks.
- the conclusion of holmes' rant abt weakness is abridged ofc, from the concepts in i carry your heart with me(i carry it in by ee cummings
Holmes gave a somewhat kind, genial smile to Abbott, who had blindly agreed with everything he had said, seemingly still stunned by his own actions, but wisely trusting the man to act in his best interest.
“Oh yes. You did not know him then, I would think, but before your becoming a member and evidently taking my place, Macnair had a reputation here for being rough and rather possessive, to the point of coming to blows on several occasions. His temper has cooled somewhat evidently, and many have believed him to have mellowed with age, but I can see that all it has done is distill that possessive streak further, and make him more volatile.”
Holmes nodded. “There was some confusion at first in the relation of this case to Watson, an error in my own judgement, but we soon straightened it out and traced it back to Abbott instead.”
“Yes, and as such I may have already ushered you into some danger. Therefore it is my responsibility to escort you clear of it.”
Macnair simply nodded. “William Vernet, I believe, yes. French fellow. He’s an alright gent, a bit fanciful for my taste, of course. I’m not sure you would know him actually, he was a regular patron before your time, although we all haven’t heard from him for some years now.”
“No, that won’t be necessary, Lestrade. Certain details are emerging that are making this case quite easier to understand now. I think actually we will be able to manage on our own from here - we are yet safe within these walls.”
I looked up from my manuscript then. “I do not know, Holmes. Does this have something to do with this morning’s client?”
“Again my dear, I must remind you that love is positive, and that any time spent in love is not a loss at all! The time in which we circled this point, that was time spent molding us into the people that we are now, who are finally at a place in life in which we can express these sentiments as they are and act upon them.”
“My dear Holmes. I will only say this once, so I beg you to commit it to memory. Love is never a struggle. Every beat of my heart that went towards you, even while I believed it to be in vain and unrequited, was done consciously. In all those years spent I never once thought ill of the feelings themselves because to do so would be to think ill of you for causing them in me. And if I loved you as I do I could never bring myself to do that.”
It was therefore Lestrade that cautiously broke the silence. “Would the either of you care to explain what in God’s name just happened here?”
Holmes, albeit under a pseudonym, a frequent patron of the same club for the discerning Uranian gentlemen that I was - both of us unknowingly, and having just missed each other besides? I spared a thought that he might have been here for the same reasons he was tonight, for some fact finding mission, but dismissed it - he had been seen attending for far too long, and for what case? He had made it clear that he didn’t believe the activities that took place here to be a crime. No, Holmes seemed to be as much a denizen of this club as I was, absent as we both were until tonight, and I now retraced his steps through what Macnair has just told me.
I smiled back at him a little dumbly, I will confess, before tucking into my now cold breakfast. When I had finished I maneuvered my way closer to his side and sat back down in the chair usually occupied by a client, knowing that extended time sitting on the floor coupled with the rain would aggravate my old leg wound.
Holmes strode into the sitting room, thundering his way in between me and the other man. “So then you admit to your actions? It was you who were behind the deaths of those men.”
“If I can be of assistance?”
Even as I am a writer myself by profession, I have discovered that there are certain experiences that cannot be likened to another, as they are so extraordinary and unique that they have no clear comparison. To identify the emotions that rose within me upon hearing Holmes say these words would do them a disservice, and thus I will not attempt to do so except to say that I have never been as astronomically happy as in that moment.
Before we knew it, the florist was back, to show us a small sample of what the nosegay delivered to Baker Street would look like. It was made up wholly of blue violets, and it passed inspection. Holmes agreed and paid, but not before asking if he may take one flower from the bunch, which he did once he was allowed.
The book was one I recognized as not my own, but of belonging to my late wife. After her untimely passing I had not been able to keep her things within sight out of grief, similar to how I had once avoided Baker Street, and as such much of her things had been moved to storage for safekeeping or to those of her remaining relatives and friends. The book Holmes had in front of him was one of the few keepsakes I kept with me, so as to never fully forget her place in my heart.
We then sent Abbott away, with some other instructions and a warning to stay vigilant. Then Holmes and I were off as well, to tail Macnair and take note of the details that made his murders predetermined. Before we could do so, however, he went to the drawers that held his records, rifling through papers to find something in a way that made me inwardly groan at the future cleanup.
“Macnair-” I warned, standing to my feet in anger, but was cut off.
.” Out of his coat pocket he pulled the vial we had seen him purchase from the chemist, appearing now unconcerned with keeping his true nature hidden.
“Abundantly certain.”
The both of them then came to join us, and I locked eyes with Holmes the second he spotted me. Resisting the urge to fold my tail between my legs I met his gaze head on, challenging him to react to my following him even as his eyes narrowed at me. He had to maintain character, and yet I knew that whatever happened now I would never be hearing the end of it later.
Anger once again restored to its place beneath my left breast, I found my resolve and my revolver and set off behind Holmes, to regain my role once more as his protector.
“Of course you are my weakness, Watson, I would have thought that obvious from the start! You need only look through our case history to see that my every blunder was almost a direct result of my being distracted in showing off to you, or in wanting to keep you engaged. I have made no secret of wanting your presence as my partner in my work because I desire your insight as much as your company, but it does also bring some assurance to have you living, breathing in front of me. Watson, you are my weakness in that you are evidence that a man’s heart can live outside his body, for you carry mine with you always.”
I said nothing, but looked to Holmes, whose face was dangerously impassive with his eyes unmoving off of Macnair.
“He gave me a wide grin and said you had set up an appointment this late for his own convenience. He apologized, and was otherwise very polite, sir, so I allowed them in..”
“What! There’s no use in pretending otherwise! It would hardly do to
“Macnair!” I said, shocked that he would admit to it so easily.
“Neither of them gave their names?”
“Something like that.” I agreed. “But enough of me, there really isn’t that much to it that you haven’t already seen in the press. Not much in the way of excitement going on at the moment.” I thought ironically back to the memory of the man lying dead in our sitting room, and forced myself to hide my shudder. Reminded once more about why I was here, I looked surreptitiously to the bar, but unfortunately Macnair unknowingly still blocked my vantage point of Holmes.
"Why am I holding your hand?" Victor asked, making Sherlock feel flustered.
"I'm waiting; my friend-" William started, however, the boy from behind wouldn't take no for an answer. He slapped William in the back of his head, causing his curls to fluff up into knots in the back. William sighed.
"Where were we going to put him again...?" Sherlock heard from one of the other boys, a fat one with buzzed hair and a dumb laugh...! "Ah, I remember, now; C'mon, Jim, to the lake we go...!" The boys laughed as Jim hissed at them to shut up. Sherlock's eyes widened and his face paled up considerably.
The clerk greeted John, asking him if he should be in school right now. "Ah, you see," John said with a smirk," my muggle parents decided that Hogwarts was too dangerous, so they brought me back here where houses and neighbourhoods are being destroyed by something,"
"Have a good day, sir," John smiled and the trio looked on with amazed admiration as he disappeared into the crowd. As he did, John heard the famous detective murmur about wanting a German Sheppard, then changed his mind to an Irish Setter. John kept his head low as he continued through the mass of people, scowling a bit.
"After the incident, she hadn't talked to me, waved to me, nor even looked my way," John took a breath.
"Uh, n-no, I actually got into a school in Scotland," John said tentatively, "It's for... the g-gifted," His face contorted on one side as if adjusting to the clouded sun.
"There, now, I'll redress the wound every day for two weeks, then we'll see what happens after that; It should be good to take the stitches out by then, but you never know," John stood briefly, then sat next to William. "Can I ask what happened?" John asked. William shook his head, then leaned his head on John's shoulder and stared at his wound.
"John, what the hell?" Greg shouted, running over to part him and Cart.
"Is it exclusively Slytherin?" Sherlock asked, feeling a bit nervous at the thought of being in the middle of a group of Slytherin when he himself was a Ravenclaw, like it or not,
After John and William had wondered back to John's room to get his things for that night and the next morning, William was waiting outside when Sebastian rounded the corner, causing William to sigh out of disappointment. Sebastian glared at William as he quickened his pace towards the taller boy.
"That's fine, mate," Mike reassured, "This is perfect," John and his group mixed and mingled with Mike's group. Then, the group was given the briefing from John and Mike.
"Gather as many men who are still alive as you can and meet back here; I'll do the same, mate," Mike said. John nodded and watched as Mike awkwardly walked away to go find mates to help him capture the point. John took a peek and swallowed hard as he saw how many guns were sticking from the trenches. John saw that some of the sand was lifted like there was something under a layer of sand. 'Mines,' John thought as he narrowed his eyes in a suspicious manner.  John went to look for soldiers suitable for battle. Most of them weren't. It was either, they had died from neglectful medics or from medical malpractice in general.
"Yes, John Watson. That's me," John responded tiredly, struggling to lift his arm to acknowledge that he's been summoned.
"Yes, if given their genetics records," Sherlock muttered, adding another three, then standing to stretch.
"Shut up," he settled with instead. "There, I helped you; are we done, here?" Sherlock asked, annoyed suddenly by her snarky presence. Mary chuckled even still. But, then, she got quiet and looked at Sherlock with sincerity in her eyes.
"That Ravenclaw kid has been hanging out with Victor Trevor a lot, hasn't he?" One first-year asked in a gossip circle. A lot of them suspect that Sherlock and Victor may have held hands at one point. John didn't mind Why would he? I mean, he and Sherlock never held hands, so it didn't matter, right?
"I don't belong in a London school...!" John protested, but his father only but gave him a testing look, that made John shut up quickly. He'd hesitantly closed up his book and looked out the window, extremely bored.
"You ran into the forbidden forest to save me," Sherlock quipped, trying to catch his own breath, which was difficult, seeing as John let out another batch of giggles at that comment,
"There's a certain protein, Phenotype, that acts as a kind of activator for magical abilities,"
A sudden knock on the door sounded, causing John to instinctively give Sherlock's previously unrelenting chest a powerful shove, sending him from the small room, slamming and locking the door.
"You were wagered seventy-five, John," Sherlock said, "I don't deserve any of it," He shoved the bag to John, who pushed it back gently.
"He basically called Snape irresponsible because a Slytherin first-year threw her Gobstones at us in the courtyard during lunch," John said, strumming a harmonious chord, "and it was Snape's supervision shift,"
"Don't let me down, Jr."
"I've got no choice, though, Jacob," John said quietly, helplessly as he turned his head to wipe a tear from his cheek, "if I don't go, he'll... h-he might," John's voice choked and a whine escaped instead. Jacob let a gentle gasp in before he quickly made his way to John, letting the younger boy lean into him for a sob. Jacob only let his hand run up and down John's back, shushing John's choked out cries in a soothing manner.
"But, you said that I said it," John said, "meaning, I must've told you personally, but I don't remember," John trailed off as he saw Sherlock's facial expression change significantly.
"B-b-but, wait, no, I-" John stuttered and panicked as Greg quickly lifted him up. Surely, he wasn't going to send John to join the first boy?
"Well, what are you, then? I mean, if not a tinker-kid, of course?" John asked as he carried his trainers over to the doormat on atop the carpet next to the doorframes and dropped them there, earning an annoyed glance from his roommate as he turned around and put his goggles on once more to continue working.
"Oooh, so tough, you are, with your bloody robe...!" The man mocked. John sighed as he heard his dad stop banging on the door to his bedroom. He slid down the door, where he curled up and sobbed.
"When I'm high, I think about what could have been, but when I'm not, I'm repeatedly reminded of what hadn't been," Sherlock said, looking down at his hands, which once run through John Watson's hair.
"Ah, yes, but, headmaster Dumbledore advised me not to speak publically about that as we could be taken to Wizengamot sometime in the spring," John chuckled awkwardly and sucked his teeth, "Sorry," he shrugged.
"Sherlock!" John scolded as soon as the pair stepped outside, "What the bloody hell were you thinking, trying to go at him like that?!" John asked loudly. Sherlock looked away. John couldn't know. He couldn't know that Lestrade knew. If he'd found out that Graham had known all along, he'd accuse Sherlock go talking behind his back and then the relationship was as good as done...! And, Sherlock didn't know what he'd do without John in his life. The doctor would probably find it awkward to live with his ex and move out, and they wouldn't talk and kiss and hold hands and he'd never be able to see John's smile again, never get to breathe in the smell of him after a long case where he'd taken the man for granted, as he did all cases...!
One day, Victor was so busy, though, that he couldn't have lunch with Sherlock. He only helped the boy to the Great Hall and promised to be back by the end of lunch. Sherlock nodded, suddenly feeling anxious about entering the Great Hall. Sherlock wheeled himself to his usual spot at the end, where he ate and studied.
"We were in college together," Sherlock said, with a smile on his face that Mike hadn't seen on that face since... Well, never! Mike's eyes popped open in realisation. "John's my best friend! Or, he was. Now, I don't know where he lies," Sherlock said, his fantasising smile faded and dropped to the grieving one that usually inhabited the face Mike usually saw.
"Do you think Sebastian likes me?" John asked, "I may have left a bad impression the first day." John wore a sad expression, "And I don't think he'd care," William stopped in his tracks.
"I know, yeah," William replied, smirking as he took the bag back and offered more to a still hungry Bill.
"Right," she let out, shaking John's hand briefly, then folding her arms across her chest, "you saved that kid over in Ravenclaw, yeah?" Jossy's eyebrows raised, "I heard you took quite the joyride on a broom that day. Heard you fell from quite some height, there, first-year," She mused, seeming almost impressed as she nodded to John with a smirk.
‘Go and get me a cup of tea and a couple of Co-codamol, would you?’
Sherlock made toast.
It began with my fiftieth birthday.  Yes I know, I don’t want to think about it, but everyone gets old, even me and Sherlock.  And actually, it began with making love on the morning of my fiftieth birthday, which doesn’t sound quite so aging.
‘You know there is.  We chose it together.’
When we come out into the balmy night air, we are one bottle of heavy red wine, two brandies and one Irish coffee to the wind, and weaving very slightly.  The tarmac on the road is still baking, slightly tacky from the heat of the day.  The moon is out, half full, but the sky is clear and the light silvers everything, including Sherlock’s aristrocratic profile.
‘Er, space.  Need some space.  Can you-‘
‘Is there a tub?’ he asked.
I moan.  ‘Oh, God, Sherlock!’
‘I should threaten to divorce you on grounds of abandonment.’
And a few minutes later, in a smaller voice, face buried in my bicep, ‘You’re going to die.’
Resigned, I pull the cloth the rest of the way and drop it on the floor by the bed.  And then I look at him and wait for the consequences.
I wish I could explain how much I love him.   I wish I could make him see.  I think he knows.  I’m sure he does.  He must, after all these years together.  But still.  It would be nice to tell him.  Just once.
‘Quite apart from the fact that we’d never get buildings insurance with your record,’ I pointed out, ‘it’s expensive to replace every time you burn the roof off, and it takes weeks too.  Possibly months.’
‘Thank God I never have to be 16 again,’ I say, digging into my steak.  It is rare, perfectly done for my taste.  Sherlock purses his lips as he watches me eat the bloody meat.
Thank you, Sherlock, for your kind understanding and empathy.
‘Good, because I couldn’t live without you, you know that, don’t you?’
He searches.  Then he twitches his hips very slightly.  I groan and screw up my eyes.
‘Don’t ever leave me,’ he whimpers.
‘Breakfast,’ I tell him.
‘God works in mysterious ways, His wonders to perform,’ I point out, digging up the only remotely religious quote I can muster.
‘Another night,’ he says, finally dragging out the rumpled shirt.  ‘Oh God, do you think they have an iron?’
‘I suppose so, yes.’
‘So you and him,’ he says.  ‘Are you, like, mates?’
‘We’re not asking you to,’ I say.
He fixes John-Matthew with a quizzical stare.
‘Your parents merely wanted us to make sure you were alive and well,’ Sherlock explains, sounding surprisingly sympathetic, so that I wonder if he is remembering having run away from home himself.
Detective Sergeant Stubbs is obviously sitting out the last few months of his service behind a desk, and is not particularly interested in John-Matthew Allen’s case.
He kisses me.  ‘Sorry, sometimes I get so turned on, I forget the niceties.’
John curled up under the covers.
I struggle to my feet, feeling a little more grounded for the heterosexual frisson of the passing woman with whom I have, by now, constructed an entire fantasy affair, including fucking in the loos at the Bay Tree Café.
‘Water isn’t your favourite element, is it?’
I desire her.
‘I’m a scientist,’ he says.  ‘Which means I collect data and try to eradicate uncertainty.  But the nature of the Universe
‘Oh, undoubtedly he ran away.  But I am intrigued to know where he has gone, aren’t you?  I think he is with someone he knows.  I doubt a boy with so little experience of the world would be willing to step out into it without help.’
‘Really?’
‘What we have here, I think, is a young man who is extremely talented.  One day, Master Bennett, you will make one of this country’s best forensic psychologists, if I am not mistaken.’
been having the nightmares.  He dreams I am lost to him.  It is his greatest fear.  Perhaps his only fear.  Until tonight, I only knew because he told me about it, once, when he was drunk.  And I’ve sometimes heard him cry out in the darkness, when I was wakeful myself.  I didn’t go to him, and I am flooded with regret about that now.  I can see that I should have gone to him, held him.  .  But as he lies against me, trembling and sad, I realise I must let that regret go, just as I let go of my anger at him for leaving me.  I pull him across my body, so that he is almost on top of me, and he presses his cheek to my chest and lets out a halting sigh.  I stroke his hair.  It smells so sweet – it always does.  I think he still uses that same brand of shampoo because he knows I like it.
You are fifty years old, John Hamish Holmes-Watson.  This is your reminder.
In which Sherlock and John take a ramble in the woods.
I find myself bucking my hips, grinding up against his cock, wanting something I can’t even name, straining towards a union that defies me still.  He kisses and licks and nips his way up my neck and finds my mouth again.  His hands grip my buttocks, and knead.
What I don’t want him to see, what he will easily read in the gnarled and puckered tissue of my shoulder, is that I should not be here.  I should have died.  In fact, I did die, twice, in theatre, as they wrestled to patch the artery that had been severed.  In every technical respect, I am a dead man walking.  There is absolutely no scientific reason why I survived.  Every surgeon who worked on me has pronounced it a miracle.  And as far as I can see, there is no reason for it apart from this:
‘How did you find that out?’
‘I know.  I’ll never be able to apologise enough for that, will I?’
‘Did you?’ I ask him. ‘Imagine it, I mean.’
‘Can you get me some?’
‘Oh rational thought!’ Sherlock crows with delight.  ‘Isn’t it adorable!’
‘Because you are?’
That night was cold.
‘Sherlock?’  I call after him, but he has his head back, and I know he won’t answer.  The arrogant sod.
‘What?’
At that, he gives me a wily grin, bends down and pulls something out of his abandoned trouser pocket.  It is a small box made out of recycled cardboard, the kind with non-toxic ink that rubs off on your fingers when you touch it.  The kind of box that comes out of a vending machine in a public lavatory.
‘We wouldn’t tell them where he was if he didn’t want us to,’ I tell her.  ‘It would be up to him to contact them if he wished.  We just want to be able to reassure them that he is safe, that’s all.’
He’s right of course.  John-Matthew would not be welcome here, and the in-crowd would not venture any further into the woods, although they would not admit they are afraid to.
‘So, Josh, where did you last see John-Matthew?’
He gets up, thrashing his long limbs to gain purchase off the soft mattress.
No, there is nothing wrong with me.  I am still straight.
Please note, any opinions about Paganism are John's and not mine.
There is a little rabbit path through the nettles, scarcely visible, but Sherlock finds it.  We push through, over dried out ditches and banks, evidence of habitation long since gone.  In places there is bracken.  All the while, the leaves whisper above us.  There is something different about woodlands on chalk, I realise, something primal.  I feel like I am walking back in time.
‘Your body will die.  You are older than me-‘
‘It’s Men Behaving Badly.’
‘To find the boy.’
live without
Mrs Bennett shows us into her garden room and invites us to sit on white linen sofas.
Sherlock picked the lock.
Josh examines him just as shrewdly in return.  ‘Usually they ask,
His thighs slide up around my hips and grip.  My cock leaps in response.  I pull back, look down at him, survey the wonder of Sherlock aroused.  It is dazzling.  His pupils are so dilated that his eyes look entirely black.  A luscious, rosy bloom has spread across his chest.  The pulse in his neck throbs close to the surface.  There are pink patches on the crests of his cheekbones.  His mouth has a looseness about it, puffy from my kisses.  I kiss him again, hard, thrust my tongue into his mouth, love the vibration of the moan he emits.  Between my legs, I am throbbing.  Tingles are spreading out all across my belly and down my inner thighs.  My backside is alight with sensation, something I have never experienced before.  My head is spinning with need.  I grind against him, wanting.
‘I want you to fuck me.’
‘I’ll get the bill. Go and walk it off.’  He sighs as if he is talking to an irritating child.
We finish our tea, mulling over the unexpectedly theological turn in the conversation.  The Sherlock surprises me by pulling something out of his pocket, which he hands to the boy.  John-Matthew takes it and looks confused.
‘Not too subtle, your mate,’ Josh observes.
He nods.  ‘Like me and Jonny.  He’s all I’ve got.’
‘And examine the area where he was last seen.’
‘And I promised you a cottage?  Yes, I remember.’
When we are walking back down the hill towards the main road, Sherlock looks at me out of the corner of his eye.
‘That’s not what you said at the weekend.’
He huffs.  ‘You drive, I’ll read.’
The footpath skirts a field still thick with golden wheat that rustles in a dry way as we pass.  A few last poppies dot the field margins.  There is a hedge on our right, mostly hawthorn and blackthorn, already thick with sloes.  We startle rabbits, and they scoot off into the crops, their white tails flashing.  On the top of the hill is a thicket of ancient woodland, oaks, chestnut, ash and lime.  There are a few tyre tracks in the dusty depressions on the path, places where bikes have been on earlier, wetter days.  They are not a deep enough tread for serious mountain bikers.  These are the transport of the village kids who come up here to escape and be teenagers.
The food at the hotel is good.  The crystal glasses sparkle and the roses gleam waxy in their little vase between us.  Jasmine and nicotiana cluster around the open French windows, filling the room with their heavy evening scent.
chaos and uncertainty.’
Sherlock had to agree.
‘They were both at the Grammar school?’
‘Yes, you did.’
I tread hard on Sherlock’s foot when he opens his mouth to speak.  He gives me a filthy look in reply.
‘I can’t help it,’ I reply.  ‘It’s like one of those executive toys.  You know, the sort with the balls that clack together.’
‘I’m always nice.’
She sighs.  ‘I told him not to leave without at least giving them some idea of a way to find him, a phone number or something, but he wouldn’t have it.  He said he wouldn’t have a chance of getting away if he didn’t keep it a secret. He seemed to think they’d send him off somewhere, a mission or something, if he told them.’
‘Whatever.  I really don’t reckon I’m meant for being a missionary,’ John-Matthew says.
‘I know,’ he replies.
‘Well, it’s the law.  That’s not far from what you do now, not really.  I mean, when you think about it.’  My voice trails off in response to the look he is giving me.  ‘Okay, well, maybe not, then.  Anyway, you felt sympathy with John-Matthew’s position.’
We stop off at the pub and lean against the bar with pints of the local treacly bitter in our hands.  Neither of us is inclined to talk much.  Our sympathy is, probably unjustly, with the absconded son.
He sighed and pressed his head into the curve of my arm.  ‘Don’t leave me,’ he breathed.
‘I’m sure you’d be rewarded equally for helping his parents. His mum is making herself quite ill with worry.’
‘It’s hot,’ he says.
‘Oh, God, Sherlock!’ I moan.
‘I’m sure you wouldn’t,’ Sherlock agrees, forbearing to remark on ‘odd ideas.’
‘Speak for yourself.  I’m still Lads Behaving Badly.’
He nuzzles my chest.  He is clearly beginning to wake.  I’ve got to get myself out of this.  I could just gently slide from under him while he is still half asleep and he’ll never know.  If I could-
The route to Amberley takes us around the north of the town, with an epic view back across the Arun river valley and out towards the High Downs, the same view as from Tipsy copse, where we found the altar and the book.  The sea glitters navy blue in the farthest distance.  We wend our way down the hill and park behind the little café by the bridge.  It is just as the woman in the Castle Magic shop described.
‘Don’t worry, I won’t let you go under,’ he says.
‘Need…. bacon…’I mug theatrically, and he laughs off his concern.
‘You’re beautiful,’ I told him.
‘Do I have a choice?’
I clear my throat.  ‘Ehem.  Er.  Just need to.  Right.’  He doesn’t look up.  ‘Right.’  I get up.  He still doesn’t get up, doesn’t even look up.  ‘Need some air.’
So, after a week, we got back to talking again, and drawing up our list of requirements:
‘We going to the shop tomorrow, then?’
And then came the renovation work.
‘What?’
‘Not worried as such.  Apart from the usual things.’
‘You were friends with John-Matthew?’
‘I wonder if maybe God made me curious deliberately,’ the boy conjectures.
We kiss.  And kiss.  And go on kissing.
He hugs me.  We stand there, entwined, until a car comes around the corner and we have to scurry to the side of the road to let it pass.  I look up at him once it has gone, and find his cheekbone is sculpted by moonlit shadow, his lower lip soft and slightly loose.  He flings his arm around my shoulder and we walk down the road together like that.  The height difference works this way – my shoulder fits neatly under his armpit, his arm is at the right level to rest over my shoulder, and my arm loops comfortably around his narrow waist.  The flesh under my hand feels firm and fluid at the same time.  I love the way it shifts under my fingers.
In which we discover more about John Matthew.
It is Sherlock.  Or rather Sherlock’s wet hair, dripping on my cheek.  He is bending over me with a worried expression.
He kicks off his shoes and tugs at the toes of his socks.
‘No clacking balls, John,’ he smirks, glancing over his shoulder.  ‘At least, not until we find the boy.’
‘You’re staring.  It’s distracting.’
‘You’re the
‘There are no words.’
Okay, yes, I am a doctor and it shouldn’t surprise me, but the idea of him as an even remotely sexual being bends my brain into backbreaking contortions.
‘He’s a good lad, you know,’ she re-emphasised.  ‘Can I help you with anything else?’
‘Back to Arundel.’
‘It was boring.’
I can’t tell you how happy it makes me when he walks around the flat stark naked like that.
‘Sherlock, it’s a public footpath!’
‘Dead men don’t make pizza,’ John said, as he chewed resentfully.
‘You’re the one.’
And let me tell you, it was fantastic.  All of it.  Every bloody minute.  But I’m not going to tell you about it, because this isn’t the story of how we travelled across India, and how we came to know new sides of one another in the brilliant sun.  This is the story of the Bee House.  So all you need to know is that it was the best holiday of my life, right up until the moment where we were chasing an antiquities smuggler through a slum in Mumbai, and I slipped on something that I don’t even want to think about, and tore the cartilage in my right knee.
‘Men.’
On a sunny late August morning, almost five years to the day since we found John-Matthew in his riverside tent, I walked down the lane with my toolkit in hand, and screwed the new name plate onto the gate post.  It was beautifully hand carved into blue slate.  It said, simply:
‘Nevertheless.  And you know how many years a bullet wound can take off your life.’
‘Did you help him?’
‘Be careful, Doctor,’ he whispers.  ‘You may be at risk of spoiling me.’
Halfway there, Sherlock confuses me.  I suddenly find he is not walking beside me, and when I turn around, he is standing in the middle of the road, looking a bit stunned.
‘Dear God,’ he huffs.  ‘What
‘So tell me?’
And then Josh looks up at me, and for a moment I think he will cry.  ‘When you find him,’ he says, ‘tell him I said hi.’
Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, dripping.  He is wearing just his towel, anchored around his waist rather precariously.  His chest hair is drizzled flat.  His nipples are erect.  Water beads on his beautiful skin.  I have to look away.
"John, if there was an overdose point, then I would have found it years ago, trust me," John felt speechless at that point. "Look, if you don't want to calm down and not feel anxious, I'll take it back," William reached for the blunt, however, without even thinking, John moved it to him and away from William. William only smiled. "Good choice, Watson," He said, chuckling as he properly sat down next to John again. After a while of sitting there choking on small amounts of smoke, William said,
William woke to a cold spot on his stomach, what used to be protected from the chill of his room by John's head, unconscious and blissfully calm. William opened his eyes to see John walking out of the bathroom, yawning as he stretched.
"RAVENCLAW!!"
Once he found a considerable amount of people to join their crusade-like idea, John headed towards the meet-up spot, where he found Mike with some other guys.
"I dunno; He's weird to me, but so are you," John said, oblivious to what was going down in that room.
"A crush!?" He asked, shocked that anyone might have his brother interested in them. "No, this can't be so, ma'am," He denied.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John hadn't seen Sherlock since he began hanging out with Victor, which made no sense. They were in some classes together, so why did he not come over and say hi? John was upset by that. He remembered sitting at lunch one day and hearing the two of them laughing. By the time John had turned to see what they were talking about, Sherlock was laughing again and the two got shushed by another Ravenclaw. John didn't go to lunches anymore after that.
"Isn't this addictive?!" John asked, suddenly concerned as he'd begun to taste the dry-mouth and thought it was a symptom of withdrawal.
"Who the hell-?" The man was cut off by Sherlock's voice, running like those kids all those years back.
They saw one near the front, which no one but a single boy sat in. John didn't understand why, but the boy urged that John continued with him. John fell in behind the older boy, who continued down the aisleway as if he were walking in a squad-line. John slowed to a stop and wandered slowly back to the car with only one boy sitting in it.
"No," John gave, "Send Fusco in. You stay completely out of it, Carter,"
"Like hell!" Shouted the boy who hurried John from the cabin. He looked absolutely livid. John looked back at Sherlock. He looked scared, confused, mindless. The Slytherin around the yelling teen pulled him down as scattered, reluctant clapping from the Ravenclaw table. Mrs McGonagall lifted the hat from Sherlock's head. He slowly stood, his head down, and began walking to the table he now belonged to.
In John's room, he sighed as he brushed his bedsheets off and knelt next to it, reaching under to grab at the bottom of the box spring to pull out two magazines. The cover had women in bikini tops. Sherlock picked one up and opened it, then quickly closed it and placed it back on the bed, hoping that John hadn't noticed, which he did with a chuckle, further embarrassing his friend. John leaned back and held up his wand, "Revelio," he said, deepening his voice a bit, without even noticing. The magazines turned into their original form, which was a pair of Magical creatures books. Sherlock took in a sharp breath.
John's face was red and irritated and he struggled with carrying his trunk down the steps. Jacob reminded John of the levitation spell. John seemed unsure at first, seeing as his family is all muggle. John shrugged and slipped his wand from his robe sleeve. "Wingardium Leviosa," John aimed the wand at the trunk, which happened to comply with John's incantation as it lifted from the ground and John as if walking it like a dog on a lead, brought it to the common room and seemed ready to leave.
"Well, I don't pity you, I'm just helping you up is all. It's the least I could do after I just watched and didn't do anything." John said as he smiled, keeping his one hand on William's shoulder and the other was holding his. John glanced down and was surprised by his hesitance to let go. John quickly shook his hands off of William and cleared his throat.
"For any other class you'd be on par with lecture notes and study sessions, however, Professor Snape is far more high maintenance than just on par, Mary, you should know," He calmly scolded.
They began to talk about pointless things such as Sherlock's record expungements and others. "And, you are required to attend a three-month rehabilitation programme," The officer said. "What!?" Sherlock shouted,
"Hey," Jacob said from the doorway, "do you really want to go?" the perfect turned his eyebrows up and asked with the softest, most careful voice John'd heard today. John sighed and slowly shook his head.
"He's stimming," he said. "Give him a bit..." As the car went on through the busy roads, the doctor was still totally unaware of the bug in his phone, sending their conversations elsewhere to be examined by a man behind a computer screen.
Landing to the snow, the boy's laughed again. John rolling off of Sherlock to breathe. They stood and Sherlock grabbed John's hand without a second thought. They ran across the street, Sherlock nearly getting hit by a car.
"Hey, let's go to my dorm; Sebastian already doesn't like me. He'd go bloody mad if I chased after you after an argument, then bring you back as high as a kite." John agreed with a laugh and a nod.
"Sherlock, I know her; s-she's not a witch!"
As they began eating and talking more, Sherlock got onto the topic of going up to the lake house for the weekend to go dirt-bike riding, which caused the table to go eerily silent. "I thought we've agreed on it, Sherl," Their father said, trying to keep himself together, "we don't want you there without anyone else from the family," John and Greg looked at each other and made a silent agreement to not do or say anything, so they just sat quietly as it unfolded,
"Yeah, mate?" Mike asked with a smile.
"Oh, on the contrary, Mary," Sherlock said smugly with a smart smirk to his lips. He leaned forward and pointed to the definitions and descriptions. "I know what this means because I personalised it," Mary nodded, almost in a daze, but then stopped and furrowed her eyebrows. She looked from the writing to Sherlock, then back to the writing again with a sceptical look.
"Sherlock," the army doctor groaned lowly, placing his hand to his face with an exasperated sigh.
"Wha? No, I-I...!" He stuttered, "I didn't mean,"
"Okay, I'm going to check your pupils and heart rate. I just need you to think about them," The woman leaned in and put her hand on William's face, manually opening his eyes wider, and her other on the side of his neck, measuring his heart rate as his mind began to remember John. His hair so blonde and soft, like sand on the loveliest beaches of Germany. William remembered how close they stood before he went to his last therapy appointment. They just looked at each other. William wouldn't have minded if they wasted the day like that, however, judging by the fact that they were physically closer together after than they were before, William deduced that if it had continued on, they would have only been doing that the entire day.
"Something did happen, Victor," John groaned, shrugging the Hufflepuff off of him, "Just because you weren't there, doesn't mean it didn't happen," He said kind of harshly, making Sherlock look at him weirdly. John gestured to his letters, "Uh, your parents sent me a letter,"
"Ah," Sherlock sighed, stroking a hand over John's still apparent scar on the palm of his hand. 'It's still there,' he thought, half-relieved, half-angered that his father was the cause of a semi-permanent physical scar such as that.
"There may be a person,"
School was boring and John just wanted to go back to Hogwarts. Somehow the news of John being 'gifted,' had quickly made its way to the bullies of the school. John couldn't even use the restroom without being harassed. His home life was growing increasingly worse and still no word from Sherlock...!
"Here we are, John," She said with a smile as she set it down in front of him. Irene looked up at Sebastian, who snatched the wet cloth from her hands, earning a confused and irritated look from her. She stayed for emotional support. That was until Sebastian told her she should leave.
"I'll get more, once mum gets paid," he chuckled. It was a lie. John's mum doesn't work because she relied on his dad, who only worked to get high and drunk. "Don't worry about it. What do you have on you?" Sherlock stood and John hadn't known how short the boy was until he did so. He stepped on to the seat and reached over the rack to grab and pull one of his bags.
"You don't think he hasn't 'liked' anyone else, with a body like that?" John was beginning to get angry, no. Not angry, John wasn't angry, but he was frustrated, tired, and was being annoyed by William's mature antics.
"I knew because you insisted on coming to meet me," Sherlock gave casually. John's eyebrows furrowed in slight confusion, "I'm a pure-breed, idiot," Sherlock said, "All of my family that was my family has always been in Slytherin and that's where I'm going to go when I get sorted, I know it...!" Sherlock smirked eagerly.
"He's basically the British Government, but you didn't hear it from me," William said with a sly smile, as he quickly took a chip from John's tray, popped it into his mouth, and placed a finger to his mouth to jokingly tell John to keep quiet.
John opened his dorm-room door with heavy discretion. He thought of it as a covert ops mission: 'Meet contact, get to know him, live under-cover as a normal student,' It's how he made the more boring activities and opportunities in life more worthwhile in his opinion. John looked at the room to see half of it was already decorated. Books already on the shelves, famous rugby and football players' posters on the wall, making John feel a bit insecure about the amount he brought, or the lack thereof.
John straddled his broom because he was tired of waiting. He widened his stance and jumped, which did nothing, but when he landed, his feet stuttered forward, pushing the broom to start.
Sherlock felt cold and alone. He knew that John was somewhere, but he couldn't see him. He couldn't feel him anymore, either. He was just lying there, in a cold and empty place. It scared him. He was afraid to open his eyes. Sherlock feared that if he looked, he wouldn't go back. He did, nonetheless. It was white and it hurt his eyes a first.
"Billy, stop taking my trombone mouthpiece!" A third-year girl groaned angrily at a boy with wild hair, freckles, and a playful smile that had dropped when she snatched the mouthpiece from him. "This isn't a funnel to use for your bloody potions, mate!" She said with a warning in her voice as she got very close to him.
"Don't worry," John smiled up at Jacob, "Snape took ten more points off Ravenclaw than he had to his own house, so at least we know he's fair," John said sarcastically as he strummed a quick line of chords.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Fantastic!" He chuckled gratefully. John moved over some and tilted Sherlock's head back. He pulled the boy's chin down and pinched his nose. John leaned down to connect their mouths to force air into his lungs twice, then he went back to compressions. "1/1,000, 2/1,000, 3/1,000..." He counted under his breath again. John heard some people gather around and murmur as he worked. He did the breaths again, and compressions. And, breaths, and compressions...
"What're you working on?" John asked, genuinely curious about it.
"Okay, good!" John said, then chuckled. William continued sincerely,
"Greg," she sighed, dropping her folded arms, as she started towards the two, "He's telling the truth. It was my fault; I lost my cool with Billy and he was trying to separate us,"
"I think I'm fine sitting here with William, thank you," John answered, smiling, hoping she understand his wishes to stay at this table.
"Carter," she sighed. Her office was busy. Some of the younger, lady police officers were beaming with delight as they heard they'd be getting a tall, handsome set of British men to work with for the week and a half,
The kids in Gryffindor stood and applauded loudly as John jumped off the stool with a smug smirk directed at Sherlock as if to say, You were wrong; pay up,
"Really, Sherlock? Or, should I say, William. I thought you were smarter than this," Sherlock couldn't believe it, he needed to not believe it. "And there was also something else around here, wasn't there?" Sebastian said, rummaging through the pages, trying to find what Sherlock already knew he was looking for,
"I'm acting normal," He snarled.
"We?"
"Oh, my God; what a freak...!" They lowly laughed, making John angry. John couldn't focus on transfiguration and accidentally turned a bird into a spoon instead of a quill. Professor McGonagall scowled at him from the front of the classroom because it wasn't the first time he'd messed up recently. After class, Professor McGonagall asked John to stay for a bit.
"Mr Holmes, I'm glad to see that you've not held a grudge," he joked in his monotone voice. Sherlock gave an obviously sarcastic smile and found a seat to plop into heftily. He sighed. Had my own mother just disowned me...? He thought as the bell chimed loudly again, signifying the beginning of the class. The door burst open and the classroom looked at the door the best they could to find John standing there, breathing heavily with dishevelled hair and darkened smoke marks on his face, robe, and hands.
"Yes, I'm listening in, too," Finch replied from where he was petting Bear in the library.
"What the hell?" John hissed, letting himself carefully sit on the toilet cover.
"Sherlock," John quietly warned from the next room over as the shower stopped spraying water and he stepped out, grabbing around for the towel.
"Harry, you're drunk," John said.
"Greg?" Sherlock asked, somewhat confused,
"You've never smoked before?" Harry asked, laughing as she sat beside him.
"William," John called, "William, are you okay?" John must've been worried as he'd forced the door open to see William leaning over the sink with his right hand covering his right arm. "William!" John called as he rushed to William's side in an attempt at giving aid to his friend.
"Well, you know this one; wasn't it quite traumatising?" Sherlock asked. John shook his head, urging Sherlock to start with the deductions. "Well, your father, right-handed, cut you with a pocket knife when you were in your preteens -- I don't quite remember, -- but you said you didn't have the insurance to pay for the co-pay, so it never healed right," Sherlock said, staring at the scarred tissue, unbeknownst to John's eyebrows furrowing in confused suspicion until he drew his hand back slowly.
"Oh, Sherlock, what have I told you about flew powder, dear?" She chuckled as she hugged Sherlock lightly.
"huh" William asked, his head popping up from stuffing his face with the food in the bag, "Oh -- yeah," He then shrugged as if it wasn't a big deal, which for John and William, it wasn't uncommon for them to hug in triumph as Willam's experiments to preserve their food stash would often succeed. Bill silently nodded.
"Yeah, his first week of  Baskerville College; he shags some third year in another girl's dorm!" Murray said and began laughing. John joined in, only because he didn't want Mike to snap on Murray because he wasn't.
"It's going to be okay," He said, nodding. Sherlock nodded, too, tears still dampening his cheeks. John dried them up with his thumb, then smiled lightly. "Let's go save London," he said, his chest tightening slightly as he heard Sherlock's chuckle. He was okay, John thought, he'll be okay,
"Dangerously fast," John looked up to Hagrid and Jacob with a very worried expression.
You're brave, aren't you? Muggle boy, going to save his mum from a life of horror, eh? John nodded, looking determined, hmmm, you're plenty loyal. Considering, you grew to the Holmes boy quickly. His eyes scanned across the crowd calmly until they landed on Sherlock. He smiled softly as the boy let out a distant scoff as if to say that he was mad for volunteering. The hat hummed for a moment, contemplating where to put John, then,
"Yes, and even if all of this were true, Holmes, how have we not been able to find it?" Harry asked, pushing his glasses up his nose with a finger.
John tossed the tennis ball in the air, finding it only mildly amusing that Bear was already drooling, his eyes trained on the toy. John threw it over his shoulder and rubbed his hands together as he stood. John walked up behind the man at the public phone mounted to the cement ground. John leaned in to possibly hear something, but Harold hung up suddenly and turned, bumping shoulders with John, who stepped back defensively.
"Mate, I know you've done this deliberately." Mike sighed sadly as he stood himself up. "I hope you don't kill yourself over this; It's just a man, and this is a war, Watson. There'll be more." Mike said, obviously desensitized to the murders and the blood stains of people's hands haunting his dreams, that it almost sounded just like... him. John leaned back, turning his head to not yet meet eyes with his friend, but enough to get the man's attention.
Mrs Holmes,
"N-no, I'm not a hero; please don't say that," John said. Hagrid's door opened harshly and John tossed three more slugs from the jacket. John had Hagrid lay out the blanket and he transferred Sherlock to that.
"I don't want to fail because this is what I got for going away. What do you think he'll do if I come back with failing grades?"
"Someone?" The nurse asked as she let out a confused chuckle. Sherlock felt a slight blush across his face as he felt another involuntary smirk urge itself to William's face. "Hmmm," He answered as he let his head sternly nod. "And the symptoms?" She asked.
"I'm going to get ready, I expect you to be gone when I get back, dammit," John angrily yelled, setting down is cuppa with a sternness to it; one that would make even Harry fall silent to his demand. John quickly limped into his bedroom. His barely-used bedroom. Often nights, he'd sit on the couch imitating his guarding post position, facing the door, waiting for nothing, whilst methodically fiddling with his gun. John shook the feeling of the wastefulness of his time as he got himself ready for the appointment he had with his therapist. John didn't even hear the door open or close, so he was surprised as he walked into his sitting room and saw it's been cleaned up, save for Harry's mobile with a note, sloppily written, tucked underneath of it.
"God! My arms...!" He lowly cried, burying his face into the pillow. John didn't laugh.
"What an insipid question to ask me," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes, "an endless circle has no beginning, surely," he groaned. The door slowly opened and Sherlock entered angrily, stomping up the stairs to the dormitories.
"Hey, what do you mean?" He asked.
"Here, make a list of Muggle-born children our age and younger from these files and we'll check their listed addresses in the office,"
"I heard about pirates; they seem fun." Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, "I mean, they get to do whatever they wanted; they were practically above the law," He looked over to Victor, who'd only just begun to laugh. "What?" Sherlock chuckled.
"Please, Mr Watson, he's one of my students; I need to know what happened to him," Flitwick said, looking over at John, who sighed and sat down.
The class started and John was surprised to see that William was making comments under his breath about how 'This class was useless,' 'Who cares if the sun explodes in a million years,' and 'It didn't matter if the Earth went around the Moon like a girl running 'round and 'round the garden like a teddy bear!' William just despised this course, and the professor despised him, there was no question about it. However, William shut his mouth as soon as the professor threatened to make him partner up for the upcoming projects as a result of his ignorance.
"I think you turned out fine, considering your past; I bet your family's proud of who you've become," John said. William had a tightening in his chest. John could feel him tense up. After a few moments of William probably trying to collect his words, John heard the shaky voice, unsteady yet sure of what to say, utter,
"Oh, what a wonderful feeling, to be needed," Lionel chuckled as he worked his phone into his other hand, "What'd you need, wonder-boy?" He asked, still playing the sarcasm game, though since the first time they've met and the first time John had threatened Lionel with murder charges, the relationship had become less edgy, John assumed by the jokes and the teenager-Esque way he'd address John.
"I know it should, and it did, at first. But, no; not anymore, at least. Sometimes getting high on life isn't good enough, you know? I-I mean, we're all addicts, trying to fill the void. Whether it be love, sex, cigarettes, drugs, alcohol, cars; some are just better at hiding it than others," Sherlock said, giving a sideways glance in John's direction with tightened lips. Mycroft popped up and rapidly tapped on John's shoulder,
"Uh-oh, Finch," John said, "They're fighting over the doctor," He was looking in through a nearby rooftop, listening in on the conversation.
He saw the three boys on the shore to the lake, flipping a wheelchair over into the water. John had no idea how to stop the broom without it having another conniption, so he sharply yanked the stick to the left, making the broom drift like a car in an action movie. The back of the broom knocked two of the three on their arses by the time the broom had done a 360 and still wasn't going to stop. He saw Jim's face and decided to run him into the water with him.
"I-it's me; It's Willam,"
Thanks to everyone who still reads this shit. I took a bit longer with this chapter but it's finally here, lol!
"This isn't right," John said with a breathy chuckle, "th-this really... she can't," John ran a hand down his face and halted until he remembered that his features weren't his own.
Sebastian arrived from his class and he was not pleased with who he saw.
"It's summer holiday, anyway. I'm here, whilst he's at home," William said, sighing.
"I can't believe that I turned into him over that. I should have just listened to you," John said, chuckling bitterly to himself. William stayed quiet after that and they shared a moment of comfortable silence.
"Wow," Mary said in amazement. She glanced up to see Sherlock nod proudly, "These are your notes?" She asked. Sherlock opened the book and spread out the papers. She scoffed with ironic amusement. "Your notes look like rubbish," She chuckled, picking up one of the note papers, which was filled with writing, all kinds of words in Sherlock's neat handwriting, but when packed and compressed into the margins of the book's pages, it looked like a mess.
"W-well, uh, I guess I'll see you tomorrow morning, then?" Victor said as Sherlock's daze was finally broken from Jim Moriarty walking into the office of the headmaster. Sherlock shook his head and swallowed. He looked at Victor with tightened lips and nodded. Quickly, Victor looked faint, then stepped in, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's torso.
It was a dreadful few days of that before he was forced to go back. "I hate it, here!" John shouted to the guidance counsellor. "Nobody understands!! I don't belong here!" He yelled frustratedly.
"Don't you think Sebastian is a bit off?" William asked as he looked back a final time to see an empty main room and hear the shower start to pour water out.
"You're surprisingly comfortable, William," John said, sighing contently.
"So, you knew he had epilepsy, then?" John asked, again noticing Jim's reaction.
"Scotland, eh?" Mike let out a tense laugh. John nodded nervously. Mike turned his head sideways and chortled. "What, you got in for being charming?" He laughed with Mike and told him it was student published, making Mike's eyebrows raise, "Wow, that's... real, okay," He chuckled. John was introduced to Mike's younger sister, Sarah, whose school was near theirs so they just walked together. Once they split off, John looked at Mike,
"You got anything tonight?" Mycroft asked. Shrugging, John finished chewing and swallowed,
"Spotting our three men, Mr Reese; they're flying together, booked the same hotel, called to order the same cab. They are personally connected, which is a convenient coincidence as they probably won't split up individually." Finch explained.
"I know it's fine," William responded quickly as he furrowed his eyebrows slightly.
He ended up getting escorted back to his house by an angry third-year. He didn't go to dinner or any of his evening classes. He wasn't planning on going the following day, either. He only hid himself in his trunk.
"Uh, there was speculation in college, and I never went into them or thought them true, but hearing as you still think of Holmes often, there was a talk of you two being abnormally close..." Murray trailed off, however, John wasn't completely following his drift, "People thought that you two were," Murray leaned in further, "intimate with one another," He whispered lowly as to ensure nobody's eavesdropping.
"If it's about my social life, I'm not interested in gossip," Sherlock said coldly, beginning to turn away from the blonde. She only released an, oh, before shaking her head lightly.
"One, your hair. It's way too upkept for a rough flying-class, unprepared potions, demonstrative charms," Mary looked down at her feet, frustrated and embarrassed, "you, you're planning to expect it to come in handy in the morning," Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Is that... make-up? At eleven or twelve years old? Hmmm, maybe you shouldn't sweat so profusely, or don't clog your pores with perfume and toxic lotion to try and lure John in," he shrugged, looking down to his book, "or don't bother trying," he finished with, raising his eyebrows. There were a few long moments before the two responded, but it wasn't less surprising. Mary let out a low whimper, gasping in a choked up breath of air before repeating.
"N-Noo! John screamed, sitting up quickly. He was in a cold sweat and some of the other first-years that were going through their morning routines looked at him, startled and very confused. John quickly swung his legs out of a bed he'd not yet gotten used to and ran down the stairs to the common room. He was headed for the door when another perfect pulled the running boy back in a circle.
"Yeah, Harry?" He asked, reaching his hand around to hand her the light.
They ended up walking together. Their houses were right next to one another, so John walked Sherlock to the entrance to Ravenclaw common room.
"Hmm?" He hummed, not even looking up,
"They said if I can capture this point, I can get discharged," He said, looking over the trench's wall to look across the battlefield to the point he was talking about,
"Wow!" John said, his eyebrows flying up in surprise, "that could feed me for a week!" John laughed, then furrowed his eyebrows, "I think," Sherlock let out yet another posh laugh.
"If I get hurt, John Watson, you'll never hear the end of it!!"Sherlock said whipping his legs out of the house.
"De novo, John," Sherlock muttered, ripping open another file to skim through.
"John, it worked!" William shouted excitedly as he let out a cheerful laugh. "That's awesome, Will!" Bill heard from the bathroom, then a grunt. William rushed out with a shoulder of his shirt being wet. The tall teen sat down with the other, opened the bag he'd brought into the bathroom and offered some to Bill. He was too hungry to refuse.
"It's Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street," Sherlock said, winking as he clicked his tongue. He then exited the room to go and grab his riding crop.
"Jim, long time, mate," Sherlock said with a chuckle, holding up a fist for Jim to bump his own with. Jim only but looked at it as the others behind him did so, too. They were confused, which made Sherlock confused. He slowly lowered the fist with furrowed brows as the boys behind Jim began laughing.
And, boy, was John RIGHT! The next couple of days were the worst. He arms, therefore he, collapsed on the staircases twice. Every morning, as soon as John would get to the Ravenclaw house, was painful stretching of his arms and legs. His limbs were already sore, but then they'd go to the hospital wing and do physical therapy, which was even more strenuous, to say the least.
"Well," John started, "where do I start?" John laughed and William waited for the story to unfold. "I was born, April 14th, 1969. I grew up moving around a lot; most of my life was spent in Dublin, the Catholic part, so when we moved back into London, everyone noticed I had an Irish twinge to my accent, and they were ruthless with the teasing. They would call me, 'IRA Boy,' or shit like that. Nobody actually wanted to fight me, except for my dad. I would constantly try to spend the night out, doing anything but listen to them fight. He'd get physical quickly. That scar you'd asked about, on the train," John lifted his hand for William to look at, which he did. William gently grabbed John's hand and examined it.
"So, you hanging out with a boy for a few weeks. That's you acting out?" She asked, chuckling. "I don't think so," She said, bitterly glaring at the boy.
Days slowly and agonisingly slipped into weeks and John was going absolutely mad in London... No, just with muggles! It was awful!
"Yeah, five years ago. It was so deep that they said I needed stitches when it happened, but we didn't have the money for the co-pays for the appointments and things, so it healed improperly and they say it'll always be there," John said as he brushed his own hand through his hair as William was neglecting it.
"Good news is Gryffindor earned 150 house points," John said, "bad news is that Professor Dumbledore doesn't like to be left in the dark and Jim Moriarty's a snitch," Mary's eyes lit up, then dulled with confusion.
"John really cares for you, Sherlock," She said, somehow making things worse and better, at the same time! Sherlock forced a scoff as he collected his things back into his bag not quick enough...!
"What are you doing, John?" Jacob asked, running behind John, who extinguished the wand and looked at the convulsions and nodded,
The boys were in a row again. John didn't like the fact that William decided to finish the project without him having a say in it at all.
"Well, then, what was the point of even coming to this lousy school?" John asked, scoffing as he ran a hand through his sandy hair, "Was I just supposed to meet you and then, completely change my entire life plan to fit into yours?" John asked sarcastically, unaware that the boy pacing was breaking by his words.
"Why do we need...?" John started, then heard the front door slam shut. He swallowed. John heard voices from downstairs. Standing up, John waved Sherlock to tell window, which he silently told to open. John tip-toed to the door, slowly and carefully opening it to peek his face out. No sign of approach, which was good.
"Last time, you said it was hell," She recalled, smirking, "And, now, it's just fine?"
"He's dying," John muttered in disbelief and quickly patted around the ground for something sharp. He cut Sherlock's shirt with a broken shell piece and announced that he was going to start compressions. As John began pressing sharply to Sherlock's left side, he prayed that he could save him. He had to save him. "22/1,000, 23/1,000..." He counted, then felt a crack from beneath his palms. His rib just broke,
John felt unwanted there, so as soon as he'd gotten enough money to rent a flat for a month in London, he went. After that month, John heard a knock on his door.
John placed his hands gently on Irene's skin and began to press down more, into her muscles, yet still gentle, in a methodical and slow, circular motion. As soon as this connection was made, John heard a moan from Irene's mouth.
"The DI is a fraud?" John asked, his eyebrows raised slightly taken aback.
"I'm sorry," quickly lifting his arms to protect his head, accidentally getting some blood in his hair.
"Hey!" John shouted, grabbing the man by the shoulders, "Look, I know this sucks, It bloody sucks ballocks, mate! How do you think they fuckin' feel though?! Stop being so bloody selfish and fuckin' do your bloody job, you puff!" John pushed him back as he let go, and the guy sucked it up and went back to work. John continued searching.
"You know, you're the second person to say that to me today," Mike said with a smile. John furrowed his eyebrows and his lips tightened.
John brought his charms book with him today as he needed to feel like he belonged somehow. The walk to the school was uneventful at best. Though... "John? John Watson...!" A voice called from behind him. John lifted his head as he slowed to a stop, looking around, wishing he'd had his wand with him. A boy he knew from his previous school hurried over to him. "Hey, Mike Stamford," the boy gave John a quick hug. It turned out they were headed to the same place, so they walked together.
"What're you doing?" He asked as he narrowed his eyes towards this sitting boy.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Yes, uh, are students allowed to use that?" John asked as he pointed to the computer behind him.
John spent a long and unhappy week in and out of classes, working out, in the shower, in the Mess Hall, or in his room. John wasn't always alone when Sebastian was at a class or eating. William paid him visits, studying, arguing, working on the projects, hanging out, or wait. They argued. They argued a lot. They argued about the project. William felt like he was doing this project on his own.
"Well, if it's William you want, it's William you'll get," John said brashly, making William sigh and roll his eyes, "However, I think that Sherlock is much more your style."
Pushing it back into the proper place, John softly wrapped his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and hugged him close. John lightly moved their bodies in a swaying motion as Sherlock cried in his shoulder, gripping the back of John's shirt. It took a few minutes, but John pulled away, placing his hands on either side of Sherlock's face.
"Yeah?" The man answered,
"How much more?" He asked. Mike smirked, almost madly, as he replied,
"No crutches, I see," John chuckled, changing the topic as he stepped back, putting obvious distance between them as he looked down, hiding the visible bruising.
"You don't have a girlfriend?" John asked before he took a hit.
"Never mind that, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock pulled back with a smile, "I'll need a room for the weekend; I can pay," He said, pulling out the heavied coin bag. Mrs Hudson placed a hand on the boy's to stop him from his offer.
"Yes, but that's only minor compared to what happened to you," he said with a nod. Sherlock tilted his head. Flitwick looked at John, who shook his hand horizontally under his chin, telling the professor not to delve too much into detail. The goblin-man cleared his throat and moved on to greet other students as Sherlock glared briefly at John, who must've been an admittedly good actor as he hardly reacted.
"No, I'm just saying that there are powerful things that you'll never be capable of, muggle!" John announced with a mouthful of spit violently forced out of John with the intention of causing offence, giving Dimmock's head a ram with his own, knocking him back a few paces. John quickly lifted the thick book of defence above his head and smashed it down onto the boy's head, which was, objectively of course, probably not the best course of action, seeing as the boy's father was currently the Principal of that shitty school. John got suspended and beaten when he'd gotten home.
"Which came first, the Phoenix or the flame?"
"Um, Sherlock," John said, stalling once more, Sherlock groaned ("What is it, now?") and quickly walked to where his friend sat, staring at a particular file, the last file.
"You know what," John said,
"Oh, boy! Now, we know why you don't have a girlfriend," The younger boy quickly uncovered himself as he sat up to make that remark, however, he plopped right back down and pulled the covers up again, letting out a loud, long, agonising groan.
"Yes, sir," the man quickly looked through his computer and found a room. "The record room is here, but be quick and careful," the man wrote on an otherwise blank piece of paper, "and, here's the room,"
" I'm John," he introduced,
"Genetics. Heredity?" John rolled his eyes,
William had ignored and avoided John for two and a half weeks. The boy felt worse and worse every day, reverting back to snapping at anyone who tried to talk to him. One day he'd been sent to the counsellor's office.
"Oh, my God," Finch breathed in a kind of mortified shock.
Victor and Sherlock walked closely in the hallways to Victor's first class. Sherlock felt Victor's hand wrap around his own. Sherlock didn't really think anything of it until the girls who passed started to giggle and the boys, they glared. Sherlock felt embarrassed. Was this a trick, Sherlock thought, slowing to a stop near a corner, Was Victor pulling a prank on me?
"I managed to control his convulsions and his vitals," Madam Pomfrey said as she saw John in the chair. "He's been asking for you in his sleep, you know?" She said with a smile. John felt his ears heat up.
As the pair stopped in the hallway outside of the lecture room, John saw Irene, who looked at him and smiled but turned back to her friends.
John opened the cabin door with a slide and walked inside. The boy opened his eyes and looked up from his hands, which were strategically steepled under his nose and chin. John tried to be quieter as he shut the door and walked further into the little room. John sat down, looking at the boy across from him. The boy unfolded himself from the seat, placing his feet to the floor quietly, neatly folding his hands over his lap, and looked John up and down as he carefully placed his Uke on the seat cover next to him.
I paddle towards him with all the elegance of a hedgehog on a cork.  My teeth are chattering, so I clench them.  Just to make matters worse, he frolics about me, sleek and easy, undulating through the water like an otter.  His body is a blade, perfectly shaped for ease of movement.  He ducks and dives, twisting corkscrews around me in circles while I frantically struggle to stay afloat.
‘You didn’t go to the police?’ Sherlock asked her, leaning on the counter and looking through the glass at the silver rings.
My head is light now, because pretty much all the blood in my body is contained in the few cubic inches of my genitals.  I know this can’t last.  I can feel the tension gathering in the root of my cock, and the pit of my belly.  I try to groan, try to warn him, but the words just won’t come out.  I am tongue-tied by that clever tongue.
In which we get back to the case.
I saw him staring at them as we climbed down from the car.  ‘I got you your first swarm,’ I told him.  ‘The beekeeper came last night.  Very keen you should join the local apiarists’ society.’
And then we stand there, stark naked under the shivering leaves, snogging passionately.
‘So what do you think?’ I ask my friend.  ‘About the boy, I mean?’
Sherlock flops onto the bed and bounces around.  ‘Mmm, reasonable.’
So yes, we slept late and made love, and then lay in the after-glow, which is my favourite part, especially when I’m tired and Sherlock fucks me.  It’s not that I don’t like being fucked, believe me, it’s fantastic, but it tends to be rather, well, rough, that brutal but thrilling invasion.  I’m more the tender, loving type.  I like it gentle.  He always says that when I do it to him, I don’t do it hard enough.  Maybe he’s right, I don’t know, since I don’t have another lover to ask.  Anyway, we were lying in each other’s arms, letting our heart rates drop, sweat soaking into the sheets, kissing and looking into one another’s eyes.  (Yes, it’s sloppy, but that’s who we are, even after this long.  Ten years we’ve been together, and four since we signed on the dotted line, as he likes to put it – the civil partnership was literally a matter of paperwork, seeing as we both felt that we’d had our ceremony on the banks of the River Arun, under those shivering silver birches.  So we are husbands, too, as well as lovers, friends, colleagues and all the other stuff.)
‘Knowledge elicitation,’ Sherlock agrees.  ‘The foundation of all enquiry into the nature of things.’
‘Not popular then?’
‘Oh.  Sorry.’
‘Do you have any idea where we might look for him,’ I pressed her gently.
‘You made
Sherlock gives the boy an enigmatic nod, and receives another in return.  For a moment I wonder if I am seeing another Sherlock sitting before me, whether Sherlock himself is looking back in time, through the lens of memory, and seeing himself.  Then he gets up in an explosion of limbs and coaxes Mrs Bennett into showing him the garden.
‘This, from the man who doesn’t know the meaning of the word “squeamish”.’
‘I can imagine.’
We both stare at him, though for different reasons.  I mean, where the hell did that come from, love?  Sherlock’s never been unsure about anything in his whole life!
“Indeed! I am pleased to see we are on the same page.”
The remainder of the day was spent in a similar vein, until finally the hour began to match the darkness of the sky outdoors. Holmes was still on the floor, though he now sat next on the other side of the room in front of the settee, and we had switched tasks sometime around the letter N. It was now I who read aloud, still from my armchair, while Holmes recorded.
Vernet was a surname Holmes had used often as an alias, taken from his own grandmother, so it was undoubtedly him that Macnair was referring to. That was not the source of confusion. It was how he had known to refer to him as such that was the mystery.
Holmes gave an elegant shrug, curled as he was on the bed. “At that, I can only speculate, my dear. Perhaps to remind himself from time to time that he had once been loved, even if it was in the past? It is not so uncommon after all, to keep remnants and gifts from old sweethearts, no matter how much time has passed.” He smiled at me knowingly, and I knew he was thinking of the toy soldier that sat on my bookshelf, given to me some fifteen years prior by a boy I had loved back in Edinburgh in my university days.
I smiled, and pressed a kiss to his hand as he had mine that night and in my dream. He lifted his other to cup my face. “Watson,” he did not seem to be capable of saying more, but I knew his intention, and I leaned into his touch. It was a new experience, to feel the calluses of his much admired hands so tenderly on my person as he held me as if I were something to be treasured. There was not anything like it.
I did not have any appointments today, as my patient list had dwindled low enough recently that this wasn’t an uncommon occurrence. I had instead meant to spend the day writing, smoothing over a draft of a case that we had solved a month or so previous. Somehow going through an entire forest’s worth of paperwork seemed infinitely more enjoyable, mostly as a result of Holmes being involved. But perhaps that says more about me than it does him.
“Of course. Would the either of you gentlemen be interested in making a purchase yourselves, sirs?” The florist asked keenly, and I could see that while she was attempting to hide her disgruntlement at being questioned, we had reached the end of our time with her.
“Macnair?” Abbott gasped, “No, no, that can’t be possible!”
“Interesting?” I repeated, quite stupidly.
“Well Mr. Holmes, I made the requested inquiries, and I was right. A cadaver was unremarkable except for the flowers found with him, and once you mentioned it, his similar physical appearances to this one.”
My eyes sought out Holmes, spotting him finally near the bar. I found my way to a booth in the back while he was distracted, so as to afford me a clear view of the room at large and avoid detection, hoping he would not see me too soon and endanger us both somehow.
I have on many occasions contemplated my feelings for Holmes, but instead of warring with them as I had during the first years of our acquaintance, I had for a long time now resigned them to be a lifelong experience. They did not wither as I once hoped but rather rooted stronger and more resolute, and before long I began to think of them as just another part of my heart, of myself. My admiration for the man, and the loyalty I had for him were there from the founding of our partnership as more than just fellow lodgers, but they deepened along with my involvement with him. I knew now as I did then that my love for him, unspoken as it always would remain, would sustain me; to have him back again in whatever capacity was enough for me to be content for the rest of my life.
“But you have said it yourself, now that he knows what I am done and what I am capable of, there is no conceivable way that will work! Who is to say he will agree?”
As the undertakers performed their duties and the constable followed them back down to the street to assist, Lestrade stepped fully into the room, and in turn Holmes squared his shoulders. “Well?”
Lestrade’s officers had preceded him just before, taking away Macnair's body, and yet the evidence of the ordeal was still all around us. His bouquet of flowers remained carelessly thrown onto Holmes’ desk, and the glasses of whiskey were both strewn onto the floor, emptied of their poison into the floor and Holmes’ black pinstripe trousers. His vial of arsenic sat innocently on our breakfast table.
Holmes raised one fine eyebrow. “Oh? Then we shall not turn them away either! Come Watson, it seems there is yet more excitement in store for us this evening.”
“Undoubtedly so, but as I have said to Watson here on many an occasion: people carry with them dark and unknowable depths. In the case of Macnair however, it is already known to me that he is a violent and disagreeable man who could easily be pushed to these lengths, and so it is up to us to bring this information to light.”
“He tends to do that, doesn’t he?” Macnair’s grin had become much larger. “His loss then! Of course we shall come then, it will be a treat to call upon you.”
Holmes was silent, before he took a seat on the settee. He appeared to be confused, and distraught as a result. “But I do those things to protect you, and keep you out of unnecessary harm - surely I have made myself clear on that?”
As I took him all of him in his grin took on a lazier outfit, his eyes dropping almost salaciously, “Come here often, darling?”
I ducked my head, “You share this same talent, I suppose.”
An answer to that rose quickly to mind but it was bitter and had no place in this conversation. I turned to climb the stairs and retrieve my sleepclothes, as we were both still in our evening wear. Dinner and our concert now seemed like a different time altogether. “Goodnight, Holmes.”
He looked up at me and answered my question before I could ask it. “His maintenance and habits make it clear that he has been in close proximity and in the warm care of a woman, however he bears no wedding ring.”
For months I had perceived Holmes and I at being at a sort of precipice, with something further unsaid since his return from the dead and my subsequent forgiveness for his deception. I had no idea of what it was but believed us to be circling towards it regardless in our own time, unhurried. And yet tonight with those words having left my lips I felt that I had expedited our discovery immeasurably.
He then brought forward the flowers. “Watson, if you please? Petunia.”
He gasped at me, and I laughed once more which made him color slightly. His reaction as to my wording essentially confirmed it, and was endearingly sweet in a way that I would never have predicted of him, and I relished seeing this new version of him. I tightened my grip on the hand I held in between my own. It would be quite some time before I could bear to let go.
“Really?” He seemed surprised.
“It is as your Macnair said: I am a selfish man, and I am bound to disappoint. While I have always known that, and you undoubtedly would one day as well, it was nonetheless my responsibility to make sure you did not make this realization in a way that brought you serious harm out of your reliance in me.”
I took a shaky breath. “You really did not know?”
We walked out of the shop, the rain having come to a final stop, and the light still in Macnair’s window. The two of us stood nearby to a fairly soggy paperboy, Holmes still twirling the stem of the flower between his fingers when I asked him why he had done so.
Holmes shook his head. “Yes, but only for a time. I am merely here on business, and thought I would stop and see some old friends while I had the chance.” He gestured to Abbott with his hand.
Unaware as we were of what was to come, that evening had begun in high spirits, as just that morning we had returned triumphant back to London after solving some case in the countryside that I have recorded elsewhere. To celebrate we had gone first to Mancini’s, “
At that, Holmes fumbled slightly, calculating, and thinking as quickly as I could I supplied him with, “I was a mutual friend of them both, and knew firsthand Macnair’s exploits, so I was the one who informed Abbott when I heard his sister had gotten involved with the blackguard. As such, he took his revenge on me.”
For my part, after breakfast I left him alone to retreat to my own bedroom, so that I may shut myself up in order to finally complete my final draft of the latest of my stories for publishing in the
I took a breath, and looking up into his grey eyes decided to go with honesty. “I love you.”
“Ah.” I uttered, looking at the man’s brown hair and boyish jaw, and tried not to picture the mother who would never know what became of a beloved son.
After an allotted amount of time I felt sufficient, I put out the cigarette I had been discreetly smoking on the other side of the street and made my way to the entrance. Upon knocking the slot on the door gave way, and I saw Archie’s cool dark eyes and how they widened with recognition upon seeing me.
“A burden!” He repeated, aghast.
“Explain yourself, Holmes.” I said, at length.
“Oh? Hounding after some criminal is he? And on his own?”
I flipped through the pages, “Blue Violet: Faithfulness, Consistency, Watchfulness.”
Nevertheless, I was making some headway, when not even an hour after our visitor had first arrived I heard the door to the street open and shut, and footsteps on my stair. Not a second later, my bedroom door opened and Holmes burst in and abruptly dropped himself onto my bed.
She would have my head for that, but I had the advantage of knowing that she had no small fondness for the Irregulars, complain as she will at the sight of them, and that she would have given him something regardless if I had not asked. Dawson was as fearful of her as the rest of the boys were however, and his eyes widened with awe and his toothy grin returned at my saying so. “Wow! Thanks, Doctor!”
He shook his head. “I did not even suspect - I thought I was alone in my affections, and as such employed my best efforts to disguise them.” He lowered himself to bend on one knee before me, so I was now looking down on him and our joined hands atop my knees. “But for years now I have identified it as such. I love you.”
“But what of that note found on the body identified to be Frank Longwood, who died here in your sitting room? How does this connect to Dr. Watson?” Lestrade asked.
Fortunately, it was in fact the good Inspector, who looked to us in askance when we both greeted him at the door with matching expressions of heightened alarm. He too was on edge, however, I noticed as I took in his rumpled and hasty state of dress.
“I was always aware that I’d always be playing second fiddle, but really, Johnny. If you’re that torn up about him why don’t I just introduce you?” Macnair pulled me out of my thoughts with a chuckle, though there was a hard line to his eyes and he was frowning somewhat. I realized I had been staring at Holmes’ back, and tried to smile apologetically, however, before the fog of my wonderings finally cleared and I caught his meaning.
“And what did you tell her?”
, and pleading all the same.
I allowed Abbott to precede me up the stairs. He was a younger man, some ten years my junior I estimated, and if I was not mistaken in Holmes’ intent, could be seen to have some resemblance to me when I had first moved back to London - blonde with blue eyes, and thin but sturdy, albeit lighterskinned than I had been then.
Holmes snorted, before turning his head once more into the bedcovers. “That she must ask her beloved for the answers, not me, an irrelevant third party that would only further complicate matters.”
“Oh no. No, from what we have observed your flowers are marvelous, we have no complaints there. It is your supply of these flowers that we are most concerned with. Do you buy these wholesale, or grow them yourselves?”
I laughed, and gestured for him to sit with me. He had brought with him a round of drinks. “It has been quite some time, has it not?”
“Very well,” the woman agreed, but her cheery countenance dimmed somewhat. “Is it to do with the quality of the flowers?”
Holmes took it, which brought me some strange relief, though his eyes were still indecipherable. When he spoke his voice was unrecognizable, and his accent French. “William Vernet, it is very nice to make your acquaintance.” And then to my surprise, he did not let go of my hand but leaned down and lifted it to his lips, so as to kiss it gently.
“But how?”
“Yes, and it is these letters that she then wrapped up into her skirts and brought to me today, so that I may judge what is to become of her life.”
I pulled it from my mouth after a long, calming drag. “Are you satisfied with the case, Holmes?”
“I am, vaguely, yes sir.”
“What?”
“And those are?” I prompted.
After the conclusion of a case involving a widow, a walking stick, and a wardrobe, I did not know what to expect, and it is not without dread that I awoke the next morning, and was disheartened to see that it was raining thunderously outside my window, providing either of us with no escape. Still, I dressed and descended the steps to a late breakfast, braving myself to the other storm that could be brewing behind the sitting room door.
“He is not a very religious man, however he does attend church. It wars somewhat with his view of his own inversion, but attending weekly every Sunday was a habit instilled in him by his father, and he has enough guilt that he has kept it up even after his death, and still knows much of the scriptures by heart.”
“I trust you know your instructions?”
“Quite so. I fear he will need some bringing up to speed first, however.”
“I hypothesize we may be able to divine some value then from their prescribed meanings, if our murderer also subscribes to this school of thought.” And he held up Mary’s book in his hands. How he had found it and remembered it among my possessions I do not know, but it hadn’t mattered then. He handed the book off to me, and I took it with care, mindful of its original owner - whatever its importance to the case may be.
“She has been for some weeks now courted by a man by the name of Theodore Langley, and believes he is on the verge of asking her to marry him, but is growing impatient as despite their heading in that direction, he has yet to respond to her hints or show any outward sign that he will be proposing. Yesterday, when calling on his sister Sally, who she is good friends with, she found herself alone and in close vicinity of his study, and had the brilliant idea to go through his things - I believe with the intention to get a better hint at his feelings somehow.”
“Yes, of course, if you can spare an extra seat at the table, Johnny, you should absolutely come, Abbott. After all, I would hate to face the great Sherlock Holmes alone!” Although he was grinning, the way he bit out my friend’s name now spoke volumes to me, and I understood with further resolve why I had been instructed to say the next bit.
He straightened, his expression suddenly somewhat shrewd. “You have been there before?”
As such, he only gave me a small smile before turning to the fire and limiting my view of his beloved face. “Not even Mycroft.”
I decided to jump into the deep end. “Sometimes, I will confess, I have been made to feel as if I am a burden to you, Holmes, and that that is why you do not trust me to bring me into your fold during investigations.”
I let out an involuntary noise out of horror, and that must have been what finally galvanized Holmes out of his temporary paralysis as we both then rushed to our knees before the body. I placed my hand underneath and within the man’s undone collar to feel for a pulse.
Holmes took a seat, putting out his hands. “Of course, of course! You are quite safe as long as you are with us, and you follow my instructions. As for the identity of the suspect - I believe you are to some degree acquainted with Douglas Macnair?”
It is then that Holmes kissed me, a simple answer to the question we had both been asking of each other since the beginning.
“Amazing.” I could not help but tell him, and though his eyes remained closed as he slumped once more, his lip quirked as it always did at my praise. “But if they were written so long ago, why hold onto them? Especially if he has a new lover now, in the form of Miss Finnegan?”
“That is indeed interesting,” said Macnair, looking between the two of us consideringly. He tossed the gun onto the sofa, making Abbott jump. “There is a great deal of chance involved. How do you aim to play?”
“I am not averse to alcohol but I am aware of its effects on me, and you and I are both aware of my brother’s fate. Still however, my grief pushed me to a point that on that occasion, my safety was completely in Douglas Macnair’s hands.”
“Yes, well, I have become somewhat busy once again and it has kept me from paying this old place a visit.”
Holmes beckoned me further into the shop, and we facilitated a meeting with the shopkeeper, a stout, but pink-faced and lovely woman who greeted us cheerily. “What can I interest you gentlemen in? Is it a special occasion?”
“You invoiced her?”
“Not as such, no,” Abbott admitted, twisting his hands, “but it still comes as a great shock!”
It was very fitting that the night in which the relationship between Sherlock Holmes and I finally crescendoed was not spent in pursuit of a dangerous villain nor under duress of some seemingly insuperable problem, but in the heart of our sitting room surrounded by the evidence of our past.
“I believe,” here Holmes paused. “I belong to this third camp. I believe that flowers for simplicity’s sake may remain flowers, and that they may be given and displayed just due to their being something the eyes feel easier resting on, and not a sign of a hidden agenda. To construct this intricate language around them has taken away from that simplicity.”
“How on earth could you know that?” I asked, bewildered. Even all these years later, his deductions could seem more like divination to me.
Holmes laughed. “Yes, I believe I may have bought us some few weeks of peace.”
My mouth was quite dry, I found, as I tried to swallow.
“Cruel men know no true extremes, Watson.” He was answering my question from before. “I can only imagine that he felt slighted by your absence, and sought to gain back your attention in whatever sick fashion possible, having tired of waiting for your return. The murder in Hyde Park might have sufficed and been his only attack, if only it hadn’t escaped our notice by our being in the Derbyshire at the time.”
“So I have heard! Busy is an understatement - I work at the paper, don’t forget. You are back to your old adventures once more, I take it?” grinned Macnair, with a glint in his eye.
“I do not know, sir, for his choices thus far have been as specific as they are strange, and yet he has repeated them every time. If I had not made the assumption that his sweetheart must not understand the true meanings and just prefers petunias, angry as they make other recipients, I would have thought him strange indeed. As it is, I would not recommend you follow his lead.”
“A mixture of both, sir, we grow what we can, but anything that we cannot we buy from our supplier.”
I was more adept with my feet than I would have been had this been real. Holmes allowed me to lead at first, but I could tell that as it went on he was growing characteristically impatient, and we soon switched positions. The music slowly grew quicker, more akin to the Viennese style, but we moved regardless as if one body around the room, as if our feet need not even touch the floor. His face was close to mine in a way it had only been when we were forced into close chambers on some watch or another, or when he needed to whisper, and I did not dare to breathe for risking breaking the quiet and content tension between us just then.
“In the story that the term originated from, the men use a loaded pistol that is passed around on turns, to test the theory of predestination and their own courage. We may use your arsenic that you have so kindly provided instead, and reduce the mess my poor landlady will be tasked with afterward. Arsenic is not always deadly, although swift, and survival is a matter of dosage. Whoever does in fact win out is treated to a new lease on life, and the prize.”
It was a long moment as those words floated in the air, and yet I could not regret them. Part of me had believed releasing them would transform me beyond recognition, and yet here was proof that I was the same person, just braver, and with full confidence and trust in my friend.
“I am.” I stepped forward, taking a breath but otherwise not hesitating. I did not spare a look at Holmes’ reaction. “You have my word, Macnair. If you win, I will go with you, no questions asked, in whatever manner you like. As long as the murders cease.”
“And yet you have my forgiveness do you not? And I have your trust. I am by your side now, and I have learned that that is more than enough.”
“Of course, Holmes.” As if I could have done anything else. His face as he left - alone - stuck with me, his nod and then subsequent clap on the shoulder, as if that would mend things (to my further infuriation it did somewhat mollify me). He looked almost unwilling to go, but I conceded this was unlikely as my opinion could hardly be considered given my own bias.
“It is indeed.”
on the subject.”
Macnair’s eyes went to the flowers in the other man’s hand, seeming as if he’d forgotten them completely. “Funny that! Thank you, lad.” He took them gently but reluctantly off of Abbott, before raising his gaze to me, almost searchingly.
“I see.” I said, and went to take my seat at the breakfast table, before having to get up to relieve my chair of its own stack of papers. “May I be of any help?”
Holmes’ left eyebrow quirked, and he glanced at me with some amusement before focusing once more. “We are investigating a murder presently, that has recently had a more personal turn of events. In fact, I fear that although it was done quite unconsciously, I have brought you to our suspect’s attention last night.”
Macnair cleared his throat, squeezing his hand - it was on my bad shoulder, unfortunately, and I had had to hide my wince. “So, you are back in England then I take it, Vernet?”
Exhaustion must have eventually taken me in the end, as I fell into consistent unconsciousness in the wee hours of the morning, and was roused from sleep by steps on the staircase. Once I acclimated to the unfamiliar surroundings that were not my own bedroom my brain focused, and I remembered at once the events of the previous night, and the work that was to be done that morning.
to young Abbott here, wouldn’t it?”
exchange is lifted directly from the valley of fear by arthur fuckin conan fuckin doyle (wasn't sure where to put the emphasis)
- you can thank my usage of "moustache" to ACD, who loved that spelling over the more subtle, smoother,
- what macnair refers to as a history lesson was holmes remembering the story "The Fatalist" by Mikhail Lermontov of 1840, the first trace of the russian roulette
“To think,” Macnair stuttered out, his face somehow still strangely sanguine, “that this is what I wanted.”
“Watson, his main method of murder thus far has been poison, so I am sure we will have ample time to step in should it get dangerous in earnest. It is not like a shooting - in order for us to catch him in the act we must have staged everything so as to make his involvement irrefutable.”
(See the end of the chapter for
In the epicenter of it all sat Holmes, on the floor by the drawers that held his files. They had seemingly been emptied, but for the life of me I could not see why. Breakfast had been laid out but was starting to become buried, and I stepped into the room to remove a few leaves from my own plate.
For the next few actions happened simultaneously, and even in the aftermath took some time to unravel. Lestrade, escaping notice in the tension of the situation, had come up the stairs and had just pushed open the door, disturbing the horrified quiet; I darted forward, his looking at me releasing me from my weakness, to push Holmes away in time, surprising him and dislodging the bottle to spill onto his lap; and finally Abbott, to all our surprise, had grabbed Macnair’s gun off of the settee next to him and fired right into the man’s chest, just as he had taken a sip of the fatal whiskey.
“And look where that got him.” Holmes’ tone dropped into something that time and experience told me spoke of murkier waters.
, or as it may be translated: the Russian Roulette, if you are familiar with it.”
Miss Morstan had a lover herself, but her lot was lucky in the sense that it was a requited and mutual feeling. The only thing keeping them apart was society’s view and misunderstanding that two women could not also be in love. As she was merely an unmarried governess and her lover an actress with not substantial income herself, they lacked the means to truly be together unencumbered. She asked me this knowing we were dear friends, and as I saw no reason why I could not help her I acquiesced. I knew even then that my heart would always belong to Holmes, so I found no reason that this should hinder me in any way. The man himself, when I explained my intention to marry, never could fully understand it, but made peace enough with my choice that I felt able to leave Baker Street within the next few months. Our separation was painful but necessary I felt, so as to regain some of my mind back to me independent of him, even if I could not still resist coming when he called.
I gave him the coin. “You may report back to Mr. Holmes that I received his message, and tell him this. ‘I am leaving for the club now, and that I will return to him at my earliest convenience’. Can you do that for me, Dawson?”
That expression from the previous morning appeared in his eyes again, from when he made the deduction of where my interests lie and I met them to be found with surprise and no little amount of awe. However, he still took a step back from me, even as he acceded, “
Holmes did not have anything to add, but I saw his forehead wrinkle as he frowned. “And finally, a blue violet.”
Her mouth fell open as she surveyed the damage, quite comically. “Mr. Holmes!”
Holmes nodded soberly, before rising and turning back around to face the body once more. “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, you have been most valuable. Now I suggest some rest, however before you do,” he strode over to my desk and removed some telegraph paper, scribbling hurriedly as he spoke, “please do me the favor of sending this note off to the boy, Jameson, positioned across the street.”
“You know it, admit to it! My affections could hardly penetrate that steep boundary that you had constructed around your heart, reserving it for someone who you had believed had betrayed you by
“Holmes,” and I paused to see if he would interrupt, as he was wont to do. He did not. I looked down at my hands, unsure how to word what I needed to say, before raising my head to face him. “There is something you may need to know about me in its relevance to this case, that I have had reason to withhold from you for the years of our acquaintance.”
As far as emotional climaxes went, I guessed that was as far as he would be willing to go tonight, and I knew and respected his limits so I withdrew. Still, I remained in reach, speaking to Mrs. Hudson for the both of us when she came to see about the mess and the conclusion of our homefront adventure, and then as she left finding one of my well-loved novels to read as comfort after the harrowing past few days. At length however, it all began to catch up with me, and after my third or fourth yawn I decided to admit defeat and retire for the night.
“That is a flawed fallacy to fall into, my friend, and you should know better than to lay any fault on yourself. You are an equal victim here.”
There was a great deal that had been said tonight, and not by me. Whether he knew of the true nature of my regard for him or not, Macnair had been clear when Holmes had been listening, and it would take time and patience to go through it all, and to consider next steps. Especially as I was yet to gather what his reaction to the revelations were, seeing as he had evidently still not found the words.
‘I’m perfectly capable,’ I tell him.  But his body is already against mine and it is intoxicating.  We stare into each other’s eyes as we tread water, so much going on under the surface, of both the river and our skins.  He is breathing raggedly.  His eyes have taken on a deeper hue, a seriousness that I am starting to associate with desire.
‘I’ll sleep in the floor then,’ I say, looking out at the Down.  I love its rounded shape.  It makes me feel strangely calm.
‘Thanks, love,’ I said.  ‘That really makes me feel so much better.’
And I said, ‘I thought I’d already had it.’  And leered, because I love the way it makes him blush.
‘You aren’t police, are you?’
‘His parents just want to know he’s okay,’ Sherlock says, breaking his silence.  I look at him, shocked.  Unexpected empathy.  Rare, but he shows it more these days.  I’m ashamed to say I feel a prickle of pride.  That’s my influence, you see.  I’m doing this to him.  Making him more human.
‘We have to talk about this,’ I told him in the end, and he humpfed.
‘John-Matthew wanted to find things out.  The Down drew him out.  Just like it has you, John.’
‘You’re dead, go away,’ said John.
‘I’ve no intention of it,’ I told him, with a squeeze.
That grew cold too.
‘You want to retire?’
A minimum of two bedrooms, one for us, and one for visitors (Mycroft and Greg might like to stay, or Molly and her new boyfriend Martin, the pilot whom nobody had yet met but who sounded just ditsy enough to be her perfect partner.)  I retained the option of a third bedroom to use as a study, since the majority of my income now comes from the books I write about our escapades.
There is a frisson about this that I remember from days when I used to go swimming with a girlfriend as a teenager.  It was the only way you could touch a girl’s skin, the only way you could see her almost naked in a legitimate way.  There was that strange, cold, jelly-like texture of underwater contact, white thighs entangling, the sneaking arousal that comes from a sanctioned boundary being pushed to its limit.
I give myself a moment to step back mentally.  Here I am, about to have sex with my best friend for the first time – I mean penetrative sex.  I’ve never had anal sex before; it’s something I have never wanted to do.  I’ve never wanted to have sex with a man before, either.  And I can’t remember the last time I did it outside.  I look at him now, at his beautiful eyes, his voluptuous mouth, his lightly muscled chest, and I want him so badly it is actually a physical pain.  I don’t know how this has happened.
I check my watch.  It is half past two.  Okay, better get on with it.  I’ll have to face him sooner or later anyway.  Better make it sooner and get it over with.  And I walk stiffly back along the street, hoping my erection isn’t too obvious, and trying to think about a particularly nasty anatomy lecture from my undergraduate days to distract myself.
swimming,’ he says with a fond smile.  And his hands slither around my waist.
My cheeks start to burn.  ‘You said it wasn’t your area.’
Eventually, thank whatever Gods watch over this pagan valley, we find a leafy glade where some tents and a tepee have been set up.  A string of rather shabby washing hangs between the trees.  Several small children run around naked and muddy at the water’s edge.  A young woman in a sarong is crouching in the water, pointing out minnows to them.
‘Oh, John!’
But then he got out of bed and scuffled about in the drawer of the bedside table while I admired his fabulously naked arse and made plans to have it later in the day.  And then he got back into bed and gave me an envelope.
He growls.
And I weep with joy.
Inside were two tickets for a flight to India, and an itinerary of hotels and sights to be visited over the course of three weeks.
I lie down across his body, taking my weight on my elbows, feel his belly and chest under me, feel him moan and undulate.  His hands skim my back, stroking tenderly.  We kiss, slowed by emotion.  I want this to last, I realise.  Forever, if I can make it.  I want it imprinted in my memory, this perfect moment when we are finally joined.  Who needs a bloody ceremony to prove they are One?  We have this.  Alone together under the sun, with a warm breeze on our skins, and the rest of our lives to share it.
