The jarring sound of a door slamming brought him out of his thoughts and a moment later Dean stomped down into the bunker, Miracle close on his heels. He was still wearing the same clothes that Cas had seen him wearing the night before. He looked tired and tense. Cas's heart sank.
Cas knew that his questions were more than a little bit revealing, but his spine was prickling with a discomfort he didn't really understand. Not exactly jealousy—something else? Fear of losing Dean maybe? He shoved it down and grabbed a piece of bacon between his fingers.
Dean cradled his coffee mug to give him something to do. "Maybe sometimes. It can be lonely, even when Sam is here, and you know I get antsy whether I'm alone or not. But I've got the lake house to work on, and I bet I can even get Sam to agree to leave Miracle with me. He loves the lake - he would be so happy living there all the time."
"This place is ridiculous. Who can figure this shit out?" He stomped over to a cupboard, kicking the bottom of it with his boot in frustration. The door popped open and Dean yelped loudly as a large man with an axe in his hands blinked dazedly at him.
"Like she doesn't already know," Dean muttered. Eileen was one of Dean's favourite people—definitely in amongst his top five humans ever. But fuck, she was terrifying when she was angry.
"Yeah, the boy did good. I always knew he'd come right in the end—a strong hunter, with a good woman by his side! As long as he don't let that law school crap tame him too much, eh Mary?"
Dean's hand slid down to Cas' hip, and he very deliberately slid one single finger underneath Cas' t-shirt to find the bare skin there, just above the waistband of his jeans. Glancing around the room and happy that no one could tell what he was doing, Dean stroked his finger back and forth, barely moving at all, while still moving just enough to make Cas want to groan out loud.
"I haven't known you use people for sex for years. And even before that, it seemed to be quite mutual. I'm not judging you for your sexuality Dean, whatever it is that you define it as, or not - the people you have sex with are all consenting adults."
"I'm gonna need you to at least try to eat some of this, okay?" he said with a bossy edge to his voice that normally would have earned him a glare and some extra rough sex later purely to make a point.
Cas’ stomach seemed to twist at his words, at the way he spoke them, like they really meant something to him. He let his thumb caress Dean’s damp cheek.
They arrived at the beautifully decorated barn with only seconds to spare before Eileen pulled up in her car, stunning in a traditionally white dress, covered in lace and pearls. While Dean thought he was going to have to act his way through the day with copious amounts of fake smiles, false cheeriness, and hard liquor, but even his dread couldn't sustain itself through the sheer joy that permeated everyone and everything around him. This was Sam and Eileen's happy day, and it was too joyful for even Dean to stay miserable.
"You're such a grumpy asshole on a morning. I cleaned up your vomit last night, by the way. No need to thank me - your sunny morning disposition is thanks enough."
Except Dean's body was something of an exception. He was truly beautiful. He could be attracted to every bit of him, inside and out, couldn't he?
"Perhaps your father is like me in that regard, and manages to set fire to toast and burn water as well?"
"I need to see you." He burrowed his face in his pillow and puffed out a frustrated breath of warm air into the cool, crisp pillowcase.
Dean pulled back an inch and looked up from Cas’ mouth to his eyes and he nodded. The hands that were still in Cas' hair caressed, stroked, cradled, pulling him back to him again until their mouths were almost touching, their chests flush against each other, mouths almost brushing.
shower. He'd not changed clothes, so was still in Dean's borrowed t-shirt and boxers, and at this stage Dean was likely to prefer it if Cas just burned them rather than give them back. So opening the door was a terrible, risky idea.
Maybe they could just agree to put it all behind them, agree to meet up for a quick drink every second Wednesday and forget any of the rest of it ever happened? What uncomfortable confession of love? What leaving him for dead in an infinite mystical void?
peace. I'm not trying to screw that up. I swear to you that I'm not going to hurt you, Dean. Wherever you think I was, I
Despite his words, Dean looked like he was bracing himself to hear something he wouldn't like, something that could devastate him. Cas wished he dared to reassure him.
As soon as Dean had stomped out of the room, Cas felt some of the tension melt from his body. He sat down heavily on the bed next to Gabriel.
By silent mutual agreement, they had both moved onto coffee and off the alcohol, and Cas lifted a new, steaming mug to his lips. Dean wondered if it was himself that Cas didn't trust to get drunk, or if he was worried Dean would pounce the moment his inhibitions were lowered.
"Trust me," Cas growled. "Why is your first reaction always to doubt me! I'm on your side! I don't know how else I can prove my devotion to you without literally, physically tethering my soul to yours!"
"No. There was just the main event and she was very impatient to get to it." Cas scrunched his face up in thought. "I don't feel like penetrative sex should
It turned out that Cas was right, it hadn't been hard at all to keep things ‘Muggle’ as Sam and Claire had been delighted to call it. Kate had fit right in with everyone straight away - laughing with Bess, playing with the kids, chatting to Donna. It also turned out that before Kate had decided to turn her hand to psychology, she'd worked as a nurse at various hospitals throughout England, so she and Alex had tons to talk about and countless nursing stories to compare.
The little card that had been stuck to one of the documents read, ‘Castiel Winchester.’ Cas bit his lip hard, emotion welling up, overwhelming, making him reach for Dean over all the wrapping paper and presents.
"What do you think?" he asked the plant, twirling on the spot and immediately feeling like an idiot. He'd pulled on his freshly laundered grey sweatpants and the really soft t-shirt he knew Cas liked him in the best. He was acting like a teenager on his first date. He'd even put cologne on, while rolling his eyes at his own idiocy. Videocalls with smell indeed.
life for myself,” Dean growled. “I didn’t think I’d still fucking be alive by this point, so if you’re trying to say this isn’t the life I imagined for myself, Kate, then you're right—no, it isn’t. Because before Cas told me he loved me, I didn’t think I’d have any sort of future at all. And now I want to
"Oh, I did before," Dean nodded, finally turning away from Cas. "And yeah, flirtin' is a bit of a habit. Doesn't mean anything though. Turns out that no strings sex ain't actually the be all and end all."
Even with Sam gone, Cas was impossible to read. People had been telling him for years that Cas looked at him like he wanted to tear his clothes off and bend him over the furniture - he'd never believed it. He'd had so many doubts - were Angels even capable of that sort of feeling? If they were, why the Hell would Cas choose a human as flawed as he was? And Cas liked women, didn't he?
blame yourself. You were a kid and dad could have easily left us with Bobby instead of dragging us around the country. He could have done that at any point, and left us where we were safe or at the very least, fucking
"What do you think? Do you think I should go out and get laid? Get it out of my system? Who's a good boy?" Dean rubbed Miracle's belly.
"Dean…" It was part pleading, part admonishing and Dean knew he could win Cas over, that Cas wouldn't refuse him if he dragged him back to his room.
"What is it, honey?" Jody asked, looking up from where she was stirring a large pan of bubbling cranberries.
wanted him all this time, and they could have been having countless orgasms every single frickin’ day for years…
"But you're alright with me being beaten to a pulp next to you?" Sam said, having come to stand with them without Cas noticing. "Love you too, Dean."
Dean cleared his throat. “I mean, you did experience some of the best ones, but we probably shouldn’t go there after that Reaper kebabed you.”
Cas let his hand slide up from Dean's hip, stroking his skin with his thumb, trying to reassure him with each calming stroke.
"The scar won't go anywhere - you're stuck with that," he apologised. "But at least it won't hurt now. Being human - what's it like?"
Cas felt irrationally annoyed with her and he picked up his phone, toying with the idea of texting Dean again, if only to remind him that he was there if he needed help. Would Sam stay with Dean all night? Would he be able to stop him spiralling?
"Tonight is the last open air night of the season," Kate said, skewering a chip and popping it into her mouth. "It's a big thing. They've got this huge walled garden with a stage, outdoor bar, tables, chairs - it's awesome. Then they move it all back inside when November hits and it starts to get too cold."
"Well, it could be worse," Gabriel muttered, looking around. "We've just spent two weeks holed up in a cave underneath a village of witches, using their power to mask ours. Not having to share our space with rats and bats is a pretty welcome step up."
he thought, and found himself feeling relieved at the prospect. Anything that took her focus off him and Cas could only be a good thing. Speaking of which, he caught the angel’s eye across the room and picked his way through the rapidly expanding crowd towards him.
"Yeah," Dean said with a fond smile. "She said that calling us feels like her weekly call to the folks."
"You've got me there. Can you imagine Chuck and Amara in therapy? I'd pay to see that!" Sam grinned. "Or Rowena and Crowley!"
“Dean, maybe you should…” Garth tried, taking a single step towards him before stopping at Dean’s warning look.
going to tell you to go, Cas. I know I'm not good at this, that I screwed up so fucking badly, but even then I didn't want you to go."
They made a huge snowman, and Dean tried to make it a snow guitar, which Cas privately thought looked much more like a giant turkey drumstick. Sam was too busy trying to stuff Dean's neck with snow to really be of much help, and Kate had wandered off a few meters to spin around and around in the snow, falling into the soft pillowy drift with her arms spread wide and a beatific smile on her face each time she fell.
"I just… I tried to talk them out of it, but they're insisting on coming to the wedding, and I know how it always was when we were kids—but Dean, we're not kids anymore, and you were happy! You
Cas’ apartment wasn't like Dean had imagined at all. Cas had owned nothing more than the clothes on his back for most of the time Dean had known him, so he'd never actually seen what Cas' taste was beyond garishly bright sweaters, pork scratchings and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Dean knew Cas had hideous taste in cars, an attachment to his trenchcoat (but then so did Dean), and he was very attached to his fancy new bed.
No, he couldn't do that. His mom would kill him. Cas would probably disapprove. He was a freakin' grown up now and he would handle this shit with calm and dignity. And when Cas came back he was gonna dry hump him on the family kitchen table every time his dad started talking pointedly about carrying on the Winchester family line.
"I would come back to our room with food for Sammy and I'd shower until the hot water ran out. Then we'd watch comedies on the shitty motel TV and I'd tell Sam all about the poker game I'd won, or the pool game I'd hustled. It was like it had never happened. It's still like it never happened."
“If it was over, then why didn’t you mind your own and leave me dead?” Dean snapped, spinning away from Cas and looking a lot like he was fighting hard not to punch Cas in the face. "I was
too many and they laughed and jeered as they forced him to the floor next to where Cas was breathing hard, his gorgeous eyes luminous even in the dark of the dungeon.
“How could I not, Dean?” Cas asked, running his fingers through Dean’s hair and smiling against his lips. “When I feel precisely the same about you?” He shook his head. “That a man so beautiful, so loving, and strong, and good could desire me, out of all creation...it’s humbling.”
Dean shifted with a groan, feeling every inch of his body protest the action. He came awake in an instant at the sensation of something cold and hard on his wrists.
“I am without you,” Dean blurted out, feeling his cheeks warm. But it was true. It was fucking true. The weeks following the events at the lake house had driven it home. “Fuck, Cas, losing you...I was in a fog for weeks, man. Just...hurting.” He reached up, caressing Cas’ cheek. “It was like someone had ripped out my heart.”
“Tell me how you want it, Castiel,” Dean growled, grabbing the angel’s hair and using it to tug his head back so that he could bury his face in Cas’ neck and ground himself.
It was weird how not weird it was to have Cas’ naked body against him as they kissed again, their hands taking their time exploring each other’s bodies. Cas felt so damn good against him. Strong, and warm, and
Cas’ brow furrowed before his eyes widened and a smile that was undeniably sinful came to his lips. “You mean like the biting,” he said, leaning down and sucking a mark into Dean’s neck.
He’d been glad when Sam had fallen asleep in the car. The weight of his brother’s concern and sorrow was getting to be too much.
Cas blushed, his eyes flicking down, and Dean shook his head. “You are,” he said firmly. He leaned down and kissed Cas’ hip bone, grazing it with his teeth to make his partner hiss. “You’re gorgeous,” he said, sucking a hickey into the soft, smooth skin and loving how Cas hissed above him. “And sexy,” he kissed closer to center, following it with his tongue, then his teeth. “And fucking perfect for me,” he growled into the other hip bone, swirling his tongue over it.
“I know,” Dean said, throttling down his anger and adjusting the collar of his slightly too small suit jacket. “God damn it, Bobby, he promised.”
Cas nodded and reached down and Dean threw his head back as Cas’ finger found his hole and began to circle it slowly. “Is this all right?”  Cas asked.
Dean shuddered, the memories assailing him. What kind of man allowed his body to find release at the hands of his captors?
Next to him Bobby huffed and shook his head. “Dean, we’re going to have to find those seats Sam reserved for us pretty soon. Their fixin’ to start in a couple of minutes.”
“Let me help wash up,” Cas said, rolling up his shirt sleeves and picking up a sponge before Dean could stop him.
“It reminded me of you,” Dean blurted out. “And I...I needed that.” He let his chin drop. Fuck, he was an idiot. He was fucking this up. Cas deserved Shakespeare and he was giving him Smucker’s. “I needed
“You deserved better, Cas,” he said, reflexively tightening his hand on the little wooden box. “Better than going like that. Better than all your doubts. You deserved better than someone who was too chickenshit to admit how damn important you were. Are.” He took a shuddering breath, the words sticking in his throat. “You deserved better than me,” he rasped. “I’m sorry. For all of it. For all the times I treated you like shit. The times I doubted you. Yelled at you.” He clenched his eyes shut, thinking about the whole fiasco with Gadreel. “You deserved better than me throwing you out when you needed me. Fucking God damn it, Cas, you deserved better than all of it and I’m so fucking sorry that I never told you!”
Dean shook his hand off, a lifetime of conditioned fear warring with his anger. “You disrespected yourself,” he said finally. “And Sam. He just wanted you to see him walk, Dad, and you missed it.” He stepped back and turned towards the stairs, feeling as shitty as he had been feeling happy with Cas earlier.
“I’m proud to love you too, Cas,” Dean said, blushing. “And fuck…’proud’ doesn’t even cover how it feels to know you feel that way about me. The rest I-” he sighed. “I want to tell you everything’s gonna be fine but I...I don’t know. This is new to me too.” He laughed quietly. “Honestly, if it was just some rando picking me up at a bar...I’d be in favor of keeping everything on the DL.” He reached up and cupped Cas’ cheek. “But it’s you, and I wanna do right by you.”
Cas’ lips crushed against his as the angel growled his name and Dean growled right back as he dug his nails into the angel’s ass and yanked him in closer. “Dean!” Cas snarled, his teeth catching Dean’s lower lip and tugging.
“Don’t you turn your back on me,” John snarled as Cas led a limping Dean from the kitchen to the front door. “CASTIEL!”
Dean went sailing over the edge with his lover’s name on his lips, his whole body tightening and then releasing abruptly like an arrow fired from a bow. On top of him he felt Cas shudder and go still for a fraction of a second before he thrust into the hilt and crushed his lips to Dean’s, shuddering hard. He felt Cas’ cock pulse inside of him, he felt the warmth and heat and wetness and some abstract part of his brain thought that maybe he should find something wrong or repellent about the sensation.
Fuck, was he really too much of a piece of shit to even think it? Even now when any chance of ever getting to speak the words where they mattered was gone?
“Wrecks the seasoning,” he explained, taking the job of wiping out the cast iron himself. “You know how food just slides right off of her? Well, that’s the seasoning and it’s taken me months to whip the old girl back into shape.”
Cas hesitated, then reached out and put his hand on Dean’s arm. “Dean,” he said quietly. "More than anything else, I need you to know that you were wrong." He smiled and it was like sunshine breaking through the clouds after a prairie thunderstorm. "I would not be better off without you. Even if I did not love you as I do, you are my dearest friend and my existence is far better, far happier, far more
Dean felt his throat tighten, and reached up to squeeze Cas’ hands. “Thanks for that,” he managed to say. He took a deep breath. “Ready?”
Cas shrugged. “I didn’t want to get anyone’s hopes up,” he said. “You know how it can be with Leave. And then last minute flights...I just wanted to get here.”
He nodded, gesturing to the jar. “Cas...apart from whisky and bourbon...peanut butter and grape jelly is about all I’ve been able to eat since you...since Lucifer...since I-I
That face that Dean had once thought so detached and emotionless rendered still, forever. Looking down it occurred to Dean that as he’d come to know Castiel, he’d learned that Cas was about the
“Take me into your mouth, Dean,” Cas said. “And look at me so that I can watch your eyes water when my cock hits the back of your throat.”
“You are incredible,” Cas said firmly. “You raised your brother, you are the hardest worker I know, you have the most generous spirit of anyone I know. You are kind, and loyal, and
Cas shrugged. “My memory is better suited to those sorts of things.” He raised an eyebrow, his lips curling into that smile. “Besides, at the time you were preoccupied with how best to ‘gank’ me. I doubt sincerely that it would have occurred to you to remember the date in the event of romantic entanglement.”
Suddenly the cold of the knife was gone and Alastair was striding away from him to a dark corner of the room. Dean heard the sound of chains rattling and Alastair’s quiet chuckle. He muttered a few words in a language that Dean didn't recognize and the sound that followed made Dean’s blood run cold.
“I assume we should not do that in a communal space,” Cas said, startling a bark of laughter out of Dean.
When they finally called Sam’s name, Dean and Castiel leapt to their feet clapping and hollering. The smile on Sam’s face was luminous and Dean felt a twist in his gut at the fact that John had chosen to skip seeing his youngest that happy. The rest of the ceremony was a blur, and Dean didn’t really absorb any of it until he was sweeping his baby brother into a hug.
“Are you gonna let him talk to me like that?” John asked, turning and fixing Dean with a look that brought back horrible nights from his childhood.
“Please,” Cas breathed, the sheer want in his voice making Dean’s breath catch as his cock twitched.
“I have waited since creation for you, Dean,” Cas said, his brows furrowing in that earnest expression that no one could do quite like him. “I am in no rush to jump into the physical. It is enough to know that you share my feelings.”
But no, John had to fucking flake again without so much as phone call, probably still drunk or sleeping it off in the back of his car.
“Did Dean tell you my favorite thing to do to him during our time together?” Alastair said as he finished by cutting away Cas’ shirt and underwear, leaving the angel naked.
“I was able to make a reservation with a hotel during dinner,” Cas said with a soft smile. “Rowena was kind enough to coordinate.”
Cas hesitated. “Please forgive me,” he murmured. “But given my medical training, I overruled Sam and Bobby’s attempts to keep you out of the hospital. You needed imaging.”
But Cas’ arms, his strong, powerful arms caught him, keeping him from falling. Dean sank into the embrace, burying his face in Cas’ neck as he clung to the angel. To his horror, he felt tears in his eyes. “I can’t lose you again,” he whispered. “I can’t take it, Cas. I just fucking can’t.”
Dean swallowed hard, shaking his head. “But why me?” he asked. “Cas...You’re a medic, and officer in the Air Force! You’re brilliant and, and going places and me?” He let out a bitter laugh. “I’ve got a GED, a give-em-hell attitude, and that’s it. I’m just a dumb piece of trash from Kansas and I-”
"I am beginning to wonder if it was the sound of your voice that constituted the real torture in Hell," Cas said and then he fucking
Cas’ answering snarl made goosebumps rise up on Dean’s skin as the angel shoved him back against the wall, pressing his body flush against Dean’s. His stubble rasped against Dean’s skin as the angel kissed out to his ear, catching his earlobe in his mouth. “Say it again,” he rumbled.
“Couldn’t you find a trashy romance novel or something?” he teased, wincing at how rough his voice was. Inside his heart was pounding. If it was a djinn that had taken him...what did Cas remember?
Dean kissed him slow and sweet, easing his tongue into the angel’s mouth as he pulled Cas flush against him. “I think I’m a dumbass for taking so long,” he said, pulling back and looking into Cas’ eyes. “I love you, Cas.”
Dean heard the sound of his sink running as Cas washed his hands. “Understatement,” he managed to gasp as he felt Cas’ weight on the bed. He blinked his eyes open and smiled up at the angel. “Seriously, Cas that...that was awesome but I’m gonna lose my mind if you don’t fuck me.”
“Cas,” Dean rasped, his eyes darting down to the angel's lips. “Can I…?” He swallowed hard, the words sticking in his throat.
They kissed again and while it started slow, soon Dean was pressing Cas against the door with one of his thighs between Cas’, his hands furiously working to unbutton Cas’ shirt as Cas’ hands worked at Dean’s belt. He shoved the shirt from Cas’ shoulders as Cas sent his belt flying across his room and he heard his desperate laugh as Cas yanked Dean’s shirt over his head and threw it to the floor.
“What do you want?” Dean asked, forcing down the wild surge of terror. He couldn’t do this again. He wouldn’t survive again.
“Who’s to say I didn’t read several while you were sleeping?” Cas asked, glancing over at him and raising an eyebrow. “You do, after all, have quite the selection under your bed."
Dean forced himself to stand his ground, ignoring the way his heart was hammering. “I’m gonna pick up some stuff,” he said in as calm a voice as he could muster. “Spending the day at Bobby’s with Sam.”
But now he’d never see those brilliant eyes widen with surprise, or scrunch when Cas smiled that ridiculous gummy smile.
Cas smiled at him, leaning into his touch for a moment before tilting his chin up and opening his mouth, letting his tongue stick out just enough to be more than a little pornographic.
The smile Cas gave him was so sad that it took his breath away. “I don’t think we want the same thing,” he said calmly. “And I would rather not jeopardize our friendship.”
And deep in the back of his mind, he heard that voice, his father’s voice, jumping to mock him and disparage the thing that was happening between him and Cas.
, tilting his head with a soft little sigh so that their lips might press together a little more firmly. One of his arms went around Dean’s shoulders as his other hand slid up into Dean’s hair. The angel pressed against him firmly and when his lips parted against Dean’s he whispered one word.
are,” he retorted and Dean felt the feral grin split his face. The angel wasn’t wrong, he was man enough to admit that. Dean squirmed a
Dean’s heart was beating a thousand miles a minute as he looked into the deep blue of Cas’ eyes. “Cas,” he whispered, not sure what he was going to say next.
Cas moaned as his weight settled on top of him, and Dean was quick to draw the sound out by nibbling down Cas’ shoulder blades. He was as slow as he had been on Cas’ front, licking, sucking, and biting, leaving a random pattern of marks all over Cas’ back as he worked his way down. Cas was rocking into the bed by the time Dean’s tongue flicked into one of the dimples over the angel’s ass, and he whimpered as Dean nipped one of his perfect cheeks.
“Fuck yeah,” Dean growled, earning himself a quiet gasp. He kissed Cas a final time and then slid down his body, taking the angel by the hips and slowly easing his mouth down around his cock. He took his time, letting his tongue down Cas’ length until his nose was pressed up against the soft curls at the base of Cas’ cock.
The music started to play and Dean and Bobby looked at each other. They only had three seats reserved.
He paused, blowing a soft puff of air just to make Cas hiss and then gently nudged Cas’ legs a little wider.
Cas let out a breathless laugh against his lips, shaking his head. “No,” he grunted, reaching down and grabbing behind Dean’s knee. He draped it over his elbow and kissed Dean again before thrusting hard and
“Happy Anniversary, Dean,” Cas replied, his voice soft and dreamy. “As your partner, I find that it gives me great joy to tell you that I told you so.”
Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat, reaching across to cup Cas’ cheek. “You are so damn cute,” he said, shaking his head.
He knew that he wasn’t hiding it. He knew Sam saw how he was drinking, how detached he was from...everything. He knew that Sam was worried.
He’d wasted no time kicking Sam out of shotgun, stealing glances at Cas as they had driven home. More than once he’d caught Cas staring back, a soft little smile on his face.
“C’mon, Dean,” Cas said, dismissing John so completely that Dean felt a hollow place open in his stomach.
Cas welcomed him eagerly, moaning quietly as their tongues twined together. The sound was adorable, and hot, and they were both breathing hard when they broke the kiss and pulled back.
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas said, leaning down and pulling Dean into a hug. “And I will forever be by your side.”
“You didn’t,” Sam said firmly. He took a deep breath and plastered a smile on his face. “So, how’s D.C.?”
Dean pulled back, forcing himself to take a deep breath. Touching Cas this way was driving him every bit as crazy, and the thought of just hilting himself in his angel made him almost dizzy with lust.
“You sure?” Dean asked, ignoring how stridently his body was begging for it. Fuck, nothing worked him up like getting Cas worked up.
Dean answered by lowering his body so that he was draped all the way over his partner, both hands cupping his cheeks. “You’re all I need,” he said, timing it with a slow, deep stroke. “Just you, angel. You hear me?”
Dean swallowed hard and nodded, watching as Cas approached him slowly and reached for his hands. The angel’s were cool and gentle as they clasped Dean’s.
his mouth, his fucking mouth was so hot and wet and tight around him and whatever Cas lacked in experience he more than made up for in enthusiasm and determination.
, had it always hurt this bad? Another blow and another and then John was bellowing and Dean heard something heavy crash to the ground.
Cas complied instantly and Dean steadied him as he got comfortable. Once Cas was settled, Dean gently crossed the angel’s arms behind his back. “This feel ok?” he asked, rubbing Cas’ lower back.
"You are here with me, love," Cas said, taking a tentative step towards him. "You're in the Bunker. You're home. You are safe."
...he liked to call it 'spend' and it...I never used to mind seeing it in romance novels, but I can't fucking hear it now without hearing his voice."
,” Alastair said and Dean felt like he might throw up. Memories came flooding back. Memories of being bound and helpless as the demon and his lackeys took what they wanted from his ravaged body.
“It’s you, Cas,” Dean said, leaning in and kissing him again. He let out a chuff of laughter against Cas’ lips. “Just go easy on me, ok? This is all new to me.”
Dean swallowed the surge of emotion. He knew that Sam and Dad had had it out following Sam’s acceptance to Stanford (on a full ride, no less), but Dad had promised to come to graduation. It was a big deal. He’d promised Sam.
“Think you’ll be able to hold it?” Dean asked, allowing a note of challenge into his voice. “Or should I tie you up?”
and all he ever did was get people he cared about hurt or worse. “I hate how often you’ve been hurt because of me!” he blurted out, staggering a step forward. Cas caught him. Cas
Dean didn’t have a prayer of arguing, not now, so he slid from the Impala and followed Cas into the hotel room. He locked the door behind them and found Cas in his space, giving him the warmest, softest smile.
Dean pulled back and began to strip, earning him a look surprisingly full of hunger. They were both laughing by the time the stumbled into the shower, and they kissed again under the warm spray. Washing Cas felt shockingly natural and the tenderness with which Cas washed Dean had him teary and glad that the water washed them away. “Look at you,” Dean murmured, running his fingers over the planes of Cas’ chest.
“Cas, look at me,” Dean said, reaching up and cupping Cas’ cheek. He heard himself whimper when Cas did as he asked. The brilliant blue of the angel’s eyes was almost wholly swallowed by black his pupils were so blown. Dean grinned at him, the sight awakening the feral, primal part of himself that gloried in battle and bloodshed. “I won’t break,” he snarled, snapping his hips hard enough to make Cas cry out. He saw his wildness matched in Cas’ eyes when they found his again and he nodded. “There he is,” he said in his most obnoxiously taunting tone. “C’mon, Cas,” he said, raising his chin. “Give it to me.”
Cas shook his head, leaning in and kissing him as he rose to his knees. “I am teasing,” he said. “I can appreciate that you are giving me a taste of my own medicine, as they say.”
Cas looked up at him and did it again, giving a slow sultry smile as Dean hissed with need. His eyes didn’t leave Dean’s as his tongue flicked out and Dean’s body shuddered at the warm, wet contact. He reached for Cas and drew him into another kiss, staggering backwards towards the bed. They managed to get the rest of their clothes off somehow, finally stumbling into bed together naked.
Cas’ eyes widened as he blushed. “I didn’t mean…” he swallowed hard, his adam’s apple bobbing. “If you don’t want that, we don’t-”
Dean watched his long, elegant fingers work for a moment before shaking himself out of it and shooting Cas a smile.
“He’ll probably be passed out anyway,” Dean said with a shrug that was far more casual than he felt.
“Bees are doing good,” Dean whispered. He’d built new brood boxes and supers himself and spent a harrowing evening smoking out the hives and relocating everyone.
“Please,” Dean whispered. “Please...let me show you that I remember how to please you. Please, sir, please.”
“Cas, is that really you?” Dean heard himself ask, cloaking his grief, and relief, and desperate, pathetic hope in gruff suspicion.
To answer, Cas pulled away a little and restarted the song. “Please?” the angel asked, cocking his head.
“You’re so perfect,” Dean murmured, leaving a wet trail of kisses over every bit of Cas’ ass that he could reach. He ran his tongue over Cas’ balls, loving how the angel jumped and whimpered his name as he sucked first one, then the other.
“Why would I do that?” Alastair asked, not taking his eyes off of Cas. “When he’s the one who stole you from me.”
“Where do you wanna cum?” Dean asked in the most breathy, over the top sultry voice he could muster.
“You’re not going anywhere until we talk about how you disrespected me yesterday,” John said, his hand snaking out to grab Dean’s shoulder.
“Sweet merciful fuck,” Dean rasped, feeling like all of the pieces of the thousand word jigsaw puzzle that was his life suddenly slotted into place.
“Thanks, man!” Sam said, his smile wide and relaxed. “I had no idea that you were coming!” He punched Dean in the shoulder, making him wince.
“You look hot as hell,” Dean said, looking down at his partner with adoration and more than a little awe. “Fuck, Cas. You…” he shook his head, meeting his partner’s eyes. “I’d struggle to feel like I deserved you, even if you were just a regular dude. But that you’re...
Dean’s throat was too dry for him to respond for a moment. John Winchester had to be the only person in town who didn’t like Castiel.
The air between them felt charged and Dean felt tears pricking his eyes. “You are to me, Cas,” he rasped. “Fuck, man, when you’re gone it’s like part of me is missing.” Then he blushed furiously. Holy shit, had he really just said that out loud?
By the time they had crawled into bed together, Dean was feeling content and sleepy. There was brief jockeying for position, but they wound up with Cas spooning him.
“I’m yours too, Cas,” he said and the way Cas smiled at him filled his heart with so much joy and lightness it was as though it was taking flight.
“I know you won’t,” Dean said immediately, and saw Cas’ expression soften. “At least, not in any way I don’t want,” he couldn’t resist adding, just to see that eyebrow go up and there it was, almost to Cas’ hairline and Dean was achingly aware that he was leaking onto the floor and he couldn’t summon up a single damn. Instead he raised his chin. “Let’s go, angel,” he said. “Show me what you got. Show me who I belong to.”
Wordlessly Dean draped his towel over the edge of the sink and reached across Cas to turn off the water. He caught Cas in a hug, surprising them both.
The burgers were good, but he’d barely tasted his, watching as Cas smiled that ridiculous gummy smile at something Jack had said. He found himself smiling so hard his cheeks hurt and ignoring the way that Sam was watching him sip his coffee.
“Sweet merciful fuck, Cas,” Dean whimpered, a shudder going through his body. “Stop talking and just do it!”
“So fucking hot,” Dean murmured, letting his breath ghost over Cas’ cock as he began to stroke inside his angel with purpose. “I want you to cum on my fingers, Cas.” He smiled, flicking his tongue at where the head and shaft of Cas’ cock met. “And I’m not gonna touch your cock while you do.”
it?” Cas asked and the faint teasing note in his voice made heat pool in Dean’s belly as he realized that Cas was enjoying pushing him.
“Yeah,” Dean rasped. “Sucks.” He swallowed and looked down at his hands, uncertain of what to say. “Cas, I...I”
Dean kissed the inside of his knee, then pulled his fingers most of the way out before thrusting back in hard. “I asked if you wanted it hard, Castiel?”
“Who said I don’t?” Dean asked, taking hold of Cas’ waist and pulling him closer. He leaned in and kissed the angel’s neck and heard Cas’ breath catch and fuck if the sound wasn’t sexy as hell.
“I don’t give a fuck,” Dean said, tightening his arms around the angel. He felt Cas’ arms circle around him as he returned the hug. The water soaked through the back of Dean’s shirt immediately, but he didn’t care. Cas was home.
“That’s what the microwave is for,” Dean retorted, catching Cas’ nipple between his teeth and giving it a gentle tug. He switched to the other, flicking the tip of his tongue against it before looking up at his angel. “Unless you really want me to stop,” he asked, grinning up at his partner.
“You needn’t be gentle,” Cas said quietly. “Take what you will of me, Dean, for I am and always will be yours.”
“You’re mine too, Dean,” Cas said, giving him a kiss that started sweet and rapidly escalated until they were both breathing hard and rocking restlessly against one another. “Dean!”
He carried the box, two beers, and the sandwich down to the shore, finding a bench and laying his coat down. He sat, resting the box on one knee and the sandwich on the other. He took a bite of his half of the sandwich, the sticky sweetness of the concord jelly making his gorge rise. He forced it down anyway, then chased it with his beer as he stared out at the glassy surface of the water.
“You could go to college too,” Cas pressed gently. “I can help you pay for it. You can go to school and get a job that makes you happy and never worry about what he thinks again.”
But even trying to tell Sam about it had felt hollow. He hated the pain he saw in his brother’s eyes as Sam realized just how close he was to giving up. Giving in.
They lay that way for a few moments, just luxuriating in the feeling of each other before Dean pulled back with a rueful grin. “Fuck, you make me crazy,” he said, breathing hard. “I swear I could cum just moving against you like that like a damn teenager.”
Dean stared out at the gray water for a long minute before climbing out of the car and going around to the trunk.
“Course,” Dean replied before the woman in front of them with a large hat turned and shushed them. Fortunately Bobby had a far flung corner of his property that he’d been ok with the hives being set up on after Joshua had passed and a new preacher had moved in. After all of Cas’ hard work, it hadn’t felt right to leave them. He’d written Cas a whole letter about the process, even sending a few pictures of the new setup, the wildflower garden, and himself in Cas’ beekeeper’s gear.
“I am teasing,” Cas said, his hands gently combing through Dean’s hair. His gorgeous eyes were shining as he looked up at Dean. “If my hope comes true and you and I are to make a go of this...we have all the time in the world. And if not?” He placed a tender kiss on Dean’s lips. “I will treasure the memory of tonight, even if you never so much as want to kiss me again.”
“Fuck yeah, like the biting,” Dean hissed, returning the favor and loving how Cas moaned his name when he dragged the flat of his tongue over the mark he’d made.
“Fine,” Sam said with exaggerated brightness. “Glad that I moved out.” His heavy brow narrowed. “You?”
“I have not had intercourse with a man either,” Cas said and Dean snorted before he could help himself.
“Well,” she said pleasantly. “Given that I’m friends with every bar and package store in the next three counties, I suppose that I could send my Fergus around with your picture so they know whom not to sell to.” She narrowed her heavily made up eyes. “Or…” as if by magic, two heavy set men that Dean recognized as the bartenders materialized out of nowhere. “You can leave quietly with my bonny boys, ne’er to return.”
Cas muttered something that sounded like “Captain America” and Dean paused the motion of his hand, nipping at Cas’ ass.
He flicked his tongue against the head of Cas’ cock, unable to keep from feeling a surge of satisfaction as Cas cried out and grabbed his hair with one hand. “Dean!”
Sam dropped his eyes, but not before Dean saw him smile. “Yeah,” Sammy said, turning away to shut the closet doors. “Fair enough.”
“I’m so scared that I’m gonna lose you forever and it's gonna be my fault when I do,” Dean rasped. “I’m so fucking sorry for all the times I’ve fucked it up and hurt you, Cas. I’m so sorry. I’m
“I can tell,” Dean said, suddenly feeling a little self conscious. He was good looking enough, he supposed, but he wasn’t anywhere near as...defined as Cas. “You’re...gorgeous, Cas,” he said softly.
They spent the rest of the night tangled up together, kissing, talking, and cuddling. And by the time they dragged themselves out of bed the next day Dean felt like an entirely new man. He did his best to keep his behavior reasonably normal around the others, though he couldn’t hide his excitement when their next case had taken them to Dodge City, Kansas. The thing between him and Cas felt too new to share, but not because of any fear it wouldn’t last or anything that plagued the start of a normal relationship. A relationship. With Cas. Fuck, what a fucking thought. No, after so much time without Cas, time where he’d thought he’d be without Cas forever...having him, having this just felt like something he wanted to hold onto, just for him, just for them, just for a little while longer.
Daniel gave him a gentle smile. “Sorry if I’m crossing a line,” he said gently. “But I lost my wife last year and I...I know the look.”
His partner obeyed immediately, his eyes shining and his cheeks pink. “I wasn’t trying to ruin the mood!” he said immediately upon seeing Dean's face. “You can keep going. I
Dean leaned in and nipped Cas’ neck, just below his ear, earning him a quiet gasp. “Thirteen years,” he murmured, dragging his tongue down Cas’ neck to his collarbone. “No wonder we sound like an old married couple.”
“I’m not sure easier’s the right word,” Daniel said and Dean flinched. “But it gets less sharp over time. The good memories start to hurt less.”
“Please, Alastair,” Dean begged, his breath coming in ragged sobs. “Please don’t do this. Please take me. I'll do anything, I'll do anything you want just
do this not for me. Just go.” He tried to smile and caught a glimpse of himself in the window. Tears, blood, and snot had combined on his face and he had the makings of florid black eyes. He looked fucking awful, but as bad as he looked and felt, he knew that it’d be 1000 times worse if Cas got hurt because of him.
With anyone else, Dean would have made a joke, trying to diffuse the tension of the situation. But it was Cas, so Dean sat on the bed, tugging Cas down next to him. He motioned for the angel to continue, doing his best to keep his face neutral.
he needed to say. But he needed time and to not have Sam staring at them with that stupid understanding soft look.
“You are,” Cas said firmly. He ran the back of his knuckles over Dean’s cheeks. “The freckles that dust your skin like stars in the heavens.” He reached down, trailing his fingertips over one of the many scars on Dean’s forearms. “The scars that denote your strength and resilience.” His eyes met Dean’s, the warmth in them taking Dean’s breath away. “Your eyes the color of spring, which could not be more perfect for a man as
His cock jerked and dripped onto his belly as he panted, struggling to regain some control of himself.
"CAS!" Dean struggled against his restraints as Cas made a visible effort to calm his breathing, glaring into Alastair's eyes.  “Alastair, please,” Dean begged, desperate to draw the demon's attention away from his angel. “Please,
He’d gone out one day a few weeks later, needing to escape Sam’s worry. The store seemed safe enough. They needed more whisky anyway.
, Dean,” Cas growled, but then his voice softened. “I love you for checking in,” he said. “But I promise, I have not yet hit the limits of my endurance. And more importantly...I trust you to know what I can take.”
A shudder went through Dean’s body and he moaned into Cas’ collarbone. It had never been a thing for him before Cas. He wasn't the kind of guy who needed a "money shot". But that Cas loved it like he did...it made him wild.  “Mark you as what?” he managed to rasp out as he sucked one of Cas’ nipples into his mouth, flicking it with his tongue.
“You did,” Dean said, as exhaustion reached up to claim him. “You saved me, Cas.” He forced himself to open his eyes. “You’re my fucking guardian angel.”
“You’re gonna make me cry,” Dean grumbled and loved the warmth in Cas’ answering chuckle. “Fuck, how can you see me like that, Cas when you’re...
Cas’ eyes were wide as well as his mouth worked. “Oh merciful lord,” he whispered, looking horrified. “Dean, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to spring that-”
Dean smiled wearily at him, knowing that once the festivities were done he’d go home. It was better to deal with it than let John stew.
“I’m here, love,” Cas said, rubbing his back in soothing circles. “Given the choice, I will be by your side forever.”
“Fuck no,” Dean said, grinning at him. “Fuck, Cas, you just...you’re gonna make me cum way too fast if you keep that up.”
Dean nodded, dropping his eyes. He really fucking hated to say the next part, but in the spirit of the work Cas was clearly trying to ease him into doing, it needed to be said. "I hate having cum on me, Cas," he said, figuring it was better just to say it plainly. "Mine or anyone else's. I fucking hate it and if you wanna see me go off the deep end, that'll do it."
Cas was opening his mouth to respond when something else occurred to Dean. "And just...just call it cum, ok?"
Dean laughed quietly, pressing a kiss to the corner of Cas’ lips. “Nothing turns me on like turning you on, babe.”
"Alastair," Cas growled and it was in that moment that Dean realized to his utter shock and infinite relief that the rage that was all but emanating off of the angel was directed at
“Just because I choose not to employ invective as frequently as you do,” Cas said wryly. “Does not mean that I don’t know what the words mean.”
"Sit down, Castiel," Bobby said calmly, only the tic in the corner of his eye betraying his tension.
Cas was breathing hard by the time Dean slid between his legs, and the first touch of Dean’s lips to his cock had him arching up off the bed with a cry.
“I will be once we are one,” Cas said and it was insane how easily something so fucking hot could be so sweet.
They were led to their four-top by the proprietor himself, who chatted amicably with Bobby about whisky before their blonde, sassy waitress came to get their drink orders. Her name tag said “Meg” and the way she eyed Cas made Dean’s hackles stand up.
“You are as beautiful as you were when I reformed your body,” Cas said out of nowhere and fuck if Dean didn’t turn bright red.
Nodding, Dean took a deep breath, staring into the stunning blue eyes of the man he loved. Fuck, Cas was trying so much to make him feel safe and secure and it was so much more than he'd ever imagined himself having with anyone. “I don’t deserve you, Cas!” Dean whispered, shoulders hunching as the panicky sob ripped up from some place deep and hidden within him. “Fuck, I wouldn’t deserve you if you were just some fucking guy off of the street, but you’re
“Fuck, you’re so good to me,” Dean growled, switching to the other side before sucking another mark just over Cas’ ribs. He made his way down like that, kissing, nibbling, and biting, leaving little red marks from his teeth that faded quickly, and darker ones that would stick with Cas unless he mojoed them away.
Dean jogged up the stairs and let himself in, noting with some concern that the front door hadn’t been locked.
Cas nodded and Dean did what he always did, diffused the emotional moment with a joke. “Do you know any dirty Enochian?”
He eased out of his partner and lubed himself up quickly before giving his hands a quick wash and bringing a damp towel over for later. He balanced over Cas, looking down into his eyes. “You good?” he asked, shaking with the effort of not just slamming into the angel’s tight heat.
Cas was making soft little gasping sounds into the pillows, his hands clenched tightly behind his back as Dean set a slow, steady rhythm.
“I apologize,” Cas said wryly. “Perhaps I should have referenced 'The Emperor’s New Groove' instead. I know how fond you are of that one.”
“It’s gonna mean the world to Sammy,” Dean said, feeling tightness in his throat. “Dad pulled a no-show.”
He kissed away the tear that escaped Cas’ careful control and felt the angel relax with a shuddering little sigh.
Cas glanced down at where his cock was dripping and then back at Dean, raising an eyebrow. “It would appear that I am,” he said wryly.
He was going around and around and around himself in his head when one of Cas’ hands slid down from his hair and tilted his chin up.
Dean forced himself to look up. He met those warm blue eyes that had come to mean acceptance and safety and love to him and finally felt like he could take a breath.
"When you and Sam were alone as children, you would often do your laundry in the motel bathtub to preserve your money," Cas said. "I was unhoused during my longest period of humanity and I...Apart from the time when I was residing in the back room of the Gas n' Sip...I did not often have that option." He shrugged. "It is emotionally draining when one is starving to have to use the meager amount of money that you have managed to amass to clean your clothes so that you may have a prayer of finding gainful employment before the winter fully sets in and your body succumbs to the elements."
“You’re not going anywhere,” Alastair said with some amusement. He closed the distance between them and Dean flinched at his sudden proximity. “We have a lot of catching up to do, Dean.” He pulled a heavy knife from his waist, bringing it up to Dean’s cheek with a cold smile.
He definitely didn’t deserve the secret thoughts and longing that Dean could only allow himself to admit in his darkest, drunkest, most lonely moments.
“Thank you,” Cas said seriously, kissing the top of Dean’s head. He pulled the comforter up around them more securely. “I know that you are still tired,” he said.  “Why don’t you rest, my heart.”
John lurched up from the couch, his eyes bloodshot, still wearing what he’d been wearing in the restaurant.
“And what are you going to do about it?” John asked, turning and taking a step towards her. He towered over the redhead, who looked up at him with a bland customer service smile.
“Don’t!” Dean begged, straining against his bonds. The demon was right and it was clear from his expression that he knew it. “Alastair, please, please, I’m
But as he watched Cas take the bottle and sit up he knew that there was no way he could back down now. He watched, transfixed, as Cas dribbled a little lube on his middle finger before reaching down and nudging Dean’s legs wider.
“I couldn’t let him hurt you,” Dean whispered, closing his eyes against the bright lights of the hospital room.
“It stands to reason that using fingers would be a reasonable facsimile,” Cas said. “Or perhaps my tongue-”
“He is,” Dean said, rising onto his tiptoes. “But he flew in to...to-” he trailed off, catching sight of the familiar dress blues.
. “But for now-” he thrust back into Dean’s mouth and Dean eagerly accepted him, his hands on Cas’ ass, yanking Cas in over and over as the angel’s fingers tightened in his hair. Cas went still for a fraction of a second before he bellowed Dean’s name, his whole body spasming repeatedly as he pulled Dean’s mouth all the way down on him. Dean swallowed around him over and over as Cas shuddered through the aftershocks, finally pulling out with a gasp and sinking to his knees to pull Dean into a furious kiss.
Alastair was watching him as he ran his hand down Cas’ chest, over his belly and down to his hip. “Isn’t that right, Dean?” His cold eyes met Dean’s as he dug his nails into Cas’ hip.
Moving with near supernatural speed and grace, Castiel darted forward and disarmed John in one fluid motion. He knocked John to the ground and stood over him breathing hard. “Stay down,” Cas growled, keeping a white-knuckled grip on the shotgun. “Dean, is there anything that you need from the house?”
He was back in his room in the bunker the next time he opened his eyes. He was in his most comfortable PJs and covered with a heavy comforter. Cas was sitting at Dean’s desk reading, his trench coat draped over the back of the chair and his shirtsleeves rolled up. It was oddly...domestic and Dean had to smile when he saw the title of the book.
He didn’t talk much once he’d returned, instead sitting in the corner of the library where he and Cas liked to sit and share a drink after the others had gone to bed. He didn’t cook. Didn’t eat really.
Dean did it again, and again, and again, until Cas was rocking back to meet him, his soft cries of Dean’s name fading into an inarticulate string of syllables somewhere between Enochian and English.
Cas let out a shocked little laugh, his eyes crinkling and his gums showing and it was then that Dean leaned forward and brushed his lips against Cas’.
He pulled back and stared at the angel, who cocked an eyebrow at him as his lips curled into a smile that made Dean’s knees feel about as structurally sound as grape jelly.
“You are all I have ever wanted, Dean,” Cas said, kissing him deeply. When he pulled back his eyes held Dean’s as he applied more lube to himself and then draped his body back down over Dean’s. “Are you sure this is what you want?” he asked, framing Deans’ face with his hands.
“You first,” Dean replied, shocked at his own boldness as he let go of Cas and began to kiss and lick his way down the angel’s body. He was operating on pure instinct at this point. All he wanted was to make Cas feel good. To make him understand how important he was. How needed.
“Oh, he was mine,” Alastair said and Dean felt his stomach twist and writhe with shame and revulsion. “Weren’t you, pet?”
“Who…” Cas’ adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed hard, watching Dean kiss slowly down until his lips were brushing over the head of Cas’ cock through his boxer-briefs. “Who am I to gainsay you?” he finally rasped. “Dean!” he groaned as Dean dragged the flat of his tongue over where a wet spot was already forming.
Cas nodded and tilted his chin up, baring his throat, and the primal gesture fractured something in Dean. He heard himself snarl with need as he leaned in and sucked the soft skin just below Cas’ jaw, ravaging the area with his lips and tongue and teeth as Cas groaned breathless encouragement to him.
“Dean,” Cas breathed, his lips finding Dean’s and claiming them in a passionate kiss as he slowly began to slide inside.
Dean stared at Cas, feeling his jaw drop. "You're so goddamn sweet," he heard himself say. "Thoughtful. Fuck, Cas, I...I..." he let out a shuddering breath. "Yeah," he admitted. "Yeah, there are things. Most of them had kind of faded but after the djinn," he let out a bitter laugh. "They're probably gonna be front and center for awhile. Like getting...you know."
When he met the demon’s eyes again he knew that Alastair had seen his thoughts as plainly as if Dean had spoken them aloud.
Dean felt himself blush, lifting the tray and moving it to the nightstand so that he could pull Cas in for a soft kiss. “No one’s ever given me flowers before,” he said, rubbing his nose against Cas’. “The sunflower...that’s like the ones in my happy dream during Samia’s ritual.”
Dean took a deep breath and swiped at his eyes as he handed Daniel a wad of cash. “Thanks, Daniel,” he said.
Alastair ignored him, instead unfastening the chain that held Cas bound to the ceiling and allowing it to play out so that Cas dropped to the floor. Cas let out a horrible gasp of pain as the motion shifted his broken bone, but he still made a heroic attempt to roll away and find his feet. But suddenly there were other demons in the room, demons he recognized from his time with Alastair, all of them converging on Cas and battling the thrashing angel to the floor where he was quickly bound with his arms over his head and his legs spread wide.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” he whispered. The words he wanted to say wouldn’t come, nor would the words that he knew he
He saw those stunning eyes widen just for a second with something that almost looked like hope. “Your heart?” he whispered.
“CAS!” Dean bellowed, beginning to struggle as Alastair returned the circle of pale light, dragging Cas behind him.
Cas’ eyes narrowed and he growled something into the gag. There was pure murder in his eyes, but Alastair seemed unphased as he jerked the gag out.
When Cas' cock finally, insistently, brushed his lips, Dean immediately opened his mouth. But instead of sliding home, Cas seemed determined to tease them both. Again and again he slid his cock up and down against Dean's lips, sometimes dipping in just a little, until Dean was straining his neck to try to take in more of him each time, the muscles in his neck and shoulders juddering with the effort.
like you were doing it for me. Then you fell from Heaven and lost Jack and your wings. You sacrificed everything
"Chuck?" Sam was on his feet, hands clenched into tight fists, putting himself physically between his fiancée and the former deity. "After all you did, you've got the nerve to come here? Seriously?"
"Enough of my failings, Castiel," Chuck interrupted. He groaned as he wrapped an arm around his side and tried to move, before giving up and collapsing back to the floor. "If you're going to lecture me you can just bring Dean back to finish the job now.
Ten minutes later they were back in bed, sharing a half eaten banoffee pie that Cas made Dean hold over a towel to eat, which shouldn’t have amused Dean quite as much as it did. It felt domestic, happy, perfect, and he could see them doing this at the Lake House, while looking out at that spectacular view, every single day. It was what he wanted, what he needed. People kept asking him what he wanted in life, and there were question marks over so much, but not over this. He wanted to grow old with Cas, living by that calming, peaceful lake. Everything else he could build around that.
for Cas to choose from to regale her with. Gabriel had been a pain in the ass to live with, but he made for excellent anecdotes.
"Would you do me the honour, my lady?" he asked, pulling Bess into his arms at her welcoming smile. The man was deceptively light on his feet as he twirled them around the room, confident in his own skilled footwork.
His hands on Cas' face, partly so he wouldn't be tempted to put them anywhere else, he covered Cas' body with his, revelling in the way he squirmed and shuddered underneath him as Dean pressed him into his bed and kissed him fiercely. Cas hands clawed at Dean's sides, moaning into his mouth, and fuck, he was the sexiest thing Dean had ever seen. He'd never wanted anyone this much in his life.
He had some vague memory of Sam being there last night, talking to Cas, but he'd been in such a state at the time that it hadn't really registered. Now Sam was going to want to talk and cry and hug it out and Dean was over it all now. It was morning, he'd moved on from drunken melancholy and self hatred. Everything was back to being buried deep down where it should be.
Neither man nor Angel moved, mouths almost touching, both so still that they were each fighting to control each shuddering breath, as if any movement, anything at all could break this, shatter it.
"Nothing much," Dean said, evasively. He didn't want to talk about Kate—for maybe the first time ever, he
Despite the real reason for this get-together, today was very effectively showing the brothers how loved they were. Cas hoped that it opened Dean up to the possibility that domestic bliss wasn't out of his reach, a family wasn't out of his reach. Cas had heard the wistful edge to his voice when he'd talked about Garth and his family, and encouraging Dean to want something for himself could potentially make all the difference to him being able to find happiness.
"No, don't just say yes! I need you to think about this. We need to talk about it and think about it. You're going to need a safe word."
“The same way you do every day - he’s the same person he always was. Just give him an opening to make fun of your hair and you’ll be fine.”
Cas clutched his chest. Now he was human he wasn't sure his heart could take this. Caring about someone this much was hell - he didn't understand how humans enjoyed any of this. It was complicated, painful and just plain exhausting.
"It was about the only time I got to be a kid, you know? There was no worrying about where the next meal was coming from, no worrying about protecting Sammy from demons - Bobby took care of all of that."
Sam smiled indulgently at him. Life was pretty good for Sam - they'd defeated Chuck, Jack had brought his girlfriend back into existence, and Cas knew that Sam had a date with her later. For once life was pretty damn perfect for Sam, and Cas really hoped he would be able to work out how to keep it that way.
“Did you see what happened? Was he talking to anyone before he got like this? Did he put his drink down? Did someone look at Cas and think this would be funny?”
being both a mom and a dad to me. He was never allowed to be a kid, never looked after and protected himself
“Vanished. Disappeared, teleported, apparated, sprouted invisible wings and flew? I don’t know—you tell me what you'd call it?” The fluffy, dazed Cas from earlier had disappeared, erased by the small amount of sleep he had managed to get and apparent shock over what he was insisting he'd witnessed. He wasn't yet entirely sober, but he was definitely sharper than before, and he was aiming every bit of his regained cognizance at solving the mystery that was the woman standing in his apartment.
The snow ploughs had been busy, all the roads icy, but clear. Paths were salted and slushy, greying as old snow mixed in with the dirt on the ground. While Cas had slept the hours away, the world had been busy, carrying on around them while they were held in a state of stasis in Cas' little apartment.
"This is a really bad idea," Cas murmured, shivering against the fingers that were slowly exploring his skin.
"You know you're not obligated to help out?" Cas pointed out. "Your father is behaving appallingly."
"Every single person who cares about me dies, Sam. They die, or get taken, or lose their souls, or if they do survive they just up and leave me anyway."
Dean had expected Cas to dive down and devour him whole, the way he’d been looking at him and touching him, as if nothing was enough. So when Cas started touching him with such reverence, such gentleness, Dean was thrown. His angel was tracing his skin with trembling, tender touches, occasionally pressing his mouth to where he had been tracing, but even those kisses were feather-light.
“As you all know, this final match will determine the winner of this year’s Quidditch Cup! A match between Ravenclaw -”
The laughter in him faded, replaced by something different - something more complicated. He and Dean weren’t meant to be friends. This wasn’t right.
This had to be one of the strangest conversations Castiel had ever had. Dean looked like he wanted to laugh, but was too confused.
All the things they’d planned to do together were gone. All their jokes were gone. The tentative thing between them was over.
Gordon swallowed, the pimply side of his face turned towards Castiel. It looked repulsive, leaking pus. Castiel didn’t want to look, he wanted to turn and face Jo, but it was impossible with Hannah’s arm in his hands… at least Kubrick and Creedy weren’t fighting anymore, both of them sporting bloody faces and teary eyes.
What he saw almost made him fall off his broom. As it was, he slowed almost to a stop to watch in horror; Dean had flown over to Garth and asked for his beater’s bat - and there was a Bludger rocketing their way, fast as a bullet, and Dean had his eye on it…
Everything Lucifer touched seemed glamorous and genuine. Castiel wanted those threads to run all the way through his life.
“We were having a sleepover,” Dean added, twisting the hospital bed blanket in his hands. “And Phi- um, someone got a broom for us to play games on. We thought it would be fun.”
” He sniffed loudly, and Naomi grimaced at the sound. He wiped his nose on his sleeve, and she looked completely repulsed.
The Gryffindor chewed on her lip as she considered Dean’s suggestion. “I - I don’t know. I’ll think about it.” She shrugged her shoulders before letting a shy smile cross her face. “Thank you, by the way. For what you did in potions the other day. That was very nice of you. You’re nothing like Cas sai-”
“I know,” Castiel said, and then felt stupid because it came out a little petulant. He swallowed and tried to shrug it off. “You know, if you move your pawn there, I wouldn’t be able to -”
On the other hand, Castiel couldn’t help feeling something inside him rejecting the idea of being more important than everyone else, just because of the family he was born to. It wasn’t as though it had been anything but luck. He hadn’t earned it.
“Are you still sad about being in our House?” she said to Castiel. He wasn’t sure if she’d caught the tail end of their conversation, or if she was just perceptive. Or, Castiel thought sullenly, perhaps it wasn’t necessary to be particularly perceptive about this. When Castiel was sulking, which was most of the time, it was usually because he’d remembered that he wasn’t in Ravenclaw.
great. So you can ask all you want, but you're not going to get me anywhere near him, not even if you used the strongest summoning charm known to wizardkind.”
“I’m fine,” she said. “Thanks for helping.” She smiled at him wryly. “I knew the answer. My brain just goes empty.”
As the evening dragged on, more of the table yawned and excused themselves to go back to their respective dormitories, until all that was left was Dean - finishing off a pumpkin pie; Castiel - telling him he wouldn’t be able to do it; and Philippe - somehow egging them both on at the same time.
Castiel sat down at the Gryffindor table with his heart in his throat. Walking numbly away from the Sorting Hat, he hadn’t had the presence of mind to head for the benches facing away from the other House tables. He regretted that now: he was staring fixedly at the whorls of the wooden table in front of him, but he could
“Oh…” Castiel said quietly. He wanted to finish it off with a swear word, but didn't know one bad enough.
And so he’d turned to the library, not looking for answers about the ancient runes carved on the door inside the room as he’d planned, but instead looking for answers about the room itself – in fact, about any part of this mystery. He’d begun, of course, by scouring
“One more stop,” Castiel tugged Dean away from the direction of their car and pointed to a pet store across the street, “then we can get a motel and try again tomorrow.”
He didn’t, did he? He glanced up at the three of them surreptitiously as they kept talking. He could see that all of them were pretty, or at least they seemed so to Castiel, but he didn’t think he felt anything romantic about them. He didn’t want to marry any of them. Or hold hands, even. Definitely not kiss. He wrinkled his nose. He just wasn’t interested in any of that kind of stuff.
It wasn’t as strong as it used to be, the link between them - but Castiel could feel Dean pushing the emotion towards him, strengthening it, wanting Castiel to feel welcomed home.
“Oh, no – they’re really nice. They just look scary,” Lisa explained. “I promise. Do you want to hold one during the game?”
He walked in the opposite direction of Nick, turning the knob of the doorway just opposite the giant painting of Helga Hufflepuff. When the door refused to open after a few good tugs, Dean flushed, realizing that he’d just tried to open the girls’ dormitories.
“The right time,” Professor Apollyon said, “to experiment with magic is not during your second year in a dungeon or a greenhouse. I’m not going to tell you that experimentation is wrong. It’s dangerous and disruptive and those aren’t the only upsides. But I am going to tell you that every experiment requires
“Nah,” Dean said after a few moments’ thought. “I’m pretty sure Jo just thinks that if she leaves us alone together enough, we’ll realize we should actually be friends.”
“I’m glad to hear it,” Joshua said gravely. There was the slightest twinkle in his eye that told Castiel… something. How would Joshua have known what he’d been looking for information on all this time? Unless… well, Mr Singer and he were friends, and Mr Singer was the one who had caught Castiel up by the tapestry of the trolls, so perhaps…
After taking a deep breath, he managed to relax his wrists and give control over to the plant, fighting against the instincts that told him not to.
“I’m going to pass out some cushions to each of you and have each of you individually try to shrink it when I call out your name.”
“I spend some time with her,” he admitted, speaking more hesitantly than before. “She isn’t a bad person. She’s in Slytherin, too, like you.”
Somehow, though, it had felt as though Jo was driving at something that Castiel hadn’t grasped. She’d had something in her mind, some way that he behaved or thought, that she didn’t like - he was almost sure of it. But Hannah had said it was fine when he told people about the things he’d learned, so it wasn’t that. And she’d said he’d never made her feel different or weird for sleeping in the dormitory with the boys. So how
Dean grabbed one of the couch pillows and began pummelling a cackling Nick, only to have Garth and Philippe jump up and gang up on him with pillows of their own.
“GARTH, DO YOU KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS?” Dean yelled when Garth shot up from where he’d been silently sleeping a moment before.
The gathered students suddenly seemed very interested in the puddings which magically appeared on their plates. Dean, still looking wide-eyed with shock, blinked at Castiel.
came the message back, passed on by the Ravenclaw boy. Under the same circumstances, Castiel would have been irate and terse – but the boy seemed to be quite enjoying himself. He was short, even shorter than Castiel, having to stand on tiptoe to whisper in his ear.
“Both of you performed imperfect spells,” said Professor Tran. “There isn’t much to choose between them. We need a further last test.” She replaced the rat with the porcelain ear on the desk, looking pensive, until her dark eyes lit up from within. “A squeak,” she said.
He made a small disgruntled noise, knowing he was being ridiculous for feeling guilty about making Novak lash out like that. What did he care how delicate Castiel’s emotions were? Castiel didn’t like Muggle-borns. He’d heard him say so! It shouldn’t matter how bad Dean accidentally made him feel, right?
“He’s not amazing at Defense Against the Dark Arts,” Ash mused and grabbed another pot full of Devil’s Snare, this time taking the initiative to dig it out of its current home.
He could see Lisa excitedly whispering with a friend, but Dean could see that she’d received a seventy-nine from the look of her paper, and Jo and Nick looked pretty pleased with themselves too.
“Um… Kubrick and Creedy,” Castiel improvised; as hoped for, Charlie snorted and rolled her eyes, all curiosity forgotten.
“Come on, Jo,” he said, and Hannah tugged on her sleeve to make her sit down. “Let’s just study. We can sort all of this out in a couple of weeks when the exams are done. We’re all just stressed.”
“They’ll come to ours,” he said, “because ours will be way better. We’re going to have games, and…” he dropped off, his knowledge of sleepovers almost non-existent; thankfully, Anna swooped in to his aid.
“You’re telling me,” Dean muttered, rubbing a hand against his forehead. “I feel like my brain is going to explode. Did you know any of that?”
Dean’s expression fell into the lines of mild offence that Castiel knew well; in fact, it made him feel much better to see the usual irritation than trying to deal with Dean’s embarrassment.
“How about something a little more practical,” she said, and Castiel repressed a reflexive groan. Practical magic played so much more into Dean’s strengths than his own…
Dean could hear yelling in the distance as they descended into the field. Castiel had somehow managed to slow their fall enough to keep him from dying, but not enough to keep them from tumbling roughly onto the grass when they finally landed.
Castiel thrust his hand into the air as high as he could get it; in front of him, Dean also raised his hand, though a little more hesitantly.
Dean nodded, not wanting to question the finality to her tone, and raced down the rest of the stairs before she could change her mind.
“Oh, yes.” Anna said it as though it was obvious. Castiel went back to the borage plant. It felt safer to just pay attention to making sure he didn’t accidentally tear any petals as he harvested the flowers. He wasn’t sure exactly how he fitted into a conversation where two people didn’t want boyfriends and one person seemed determined to get one, when he didn’t want to be any of their boyfriends.
“Those people are stupid, Dean. It’s just people who think Muggles can’t do anything right, including write books. Just people like Lucifer, you know? Can we walk this way? I need to get my homework done...”
“Snap!” yelled Dean and Castiel at the same time, jabbing forwards with their wands. Dean managed to land it just moments before Castiel, and the cards flew to his side. Castiel gritted his teeth.
Castiel let himself smile wryly at that, but he doubted it was untrue. The reputation he’d scraped together in the hunting community wasn’t exactly the most renowned when it came to finishing the job he'd started, but tracking monsters down? Finding people who didn’t want to be found?
“Interesting,” said Castiel. “I didn’t realise getting rid of you would be as easy as that. I’ll make sure to be nearby in all dangerous situations from now on, so that you refuse all help and die a miserable death.”
“Just that it was going to be alright,” Castiel said, shrugging. “And that I wasn't going to hurt it, you know.”
When he got back to his dormitory, Castiel fell into a deep, deep sleep. After reading a few more pages of
“Um,” he said nervously, looking up at Billie, who blinked at him and looked impatient. “Um. I like hiding best.” He didn’t know why Billie’s face softened like it did, but he relaxed a little. He’d made a good decision. Gabriel held out his arms, making ushering motions to the gathered students.
She licked her lips. “So I found it a while ago and it was always locked. I couldn’t get it open. So I recruited No... um, no one. I recruited no one at all. And I figured out I needed to use
“I’ll take that as a yes, then,” he chuckled and brushed the twigs from off of his lap. “Man, that must be easy, having your family with you at school. You probably don’t have to write any letters, or worry about getting a failing grade in your mom’s class. Your dad’s obviously loaded going by what kind of presents you get and -”
Castiel swung his blade again, aiming for a nice, clean decapitation, but the shifter ducked forwards and barrelled into Castiel, knocking the wind out of him like he’d just been hit by a bus.
That look on Dean Winchester’s face - the smug one, where he thought he was going to win without any problems. Castiel
“Uh,” Dean picked himself back up off the sofa and looked nervously at the three of them, and the few other curious stares that he seemed to be picking up. “Okay. Hold on.”
“Castiel,” she said. “Nothing is more important than family. You are a part of this family. You will
With a loud scrape, the bench right beside Castiel was pulled out from under the table, and the owner of the shoes swung their legs over it and sat down. A schoolbag was thrown under the table and hit Castiel in the side before thomping to the ground; for a second Castiel panicked, thinking that whichever student this was must have surely heard the sound of the bag hitting him… but apparently not, because no curious face appeared to stare under the table. Castiel was breathing, just barely, his eyes wide and caught between fear and humour. He was just inches away from the stranger’s legs, his eyes about level with their knees. He didn’t want to breathe too hard, in case he was heard. He heard the sound of something being put down on the desk above him, and then the swish of a page turning. A book.
“Hey there, stranger,” Dean said, loud enough for Castiel to hear him through the glass barrier between them. “You’re not planning on taking on an entire vampire nest by yourself, are you?”
In fact, Dean let his mind wander to if she’d stuck around just a few more moments and tried again, but this time on his lips.
“Miss Johnson, if you could please demonstrate for us?” Professor Novak flicked her wand, and the pile of pillows floated into the air and set themselves in front of the students, one each.
“I think of myself as a Muggle-born, though, if that’s your question.” Philippe dipped his quill in his ink pot. “I was basically raised one. My dads are Muggles. But I suppose that
“Yeah. It was the first thing I ever heard him say, actually.” Dean sighed and leaned against the nearby wall. “That night I was just… reminded… that he was only staying friends with me because he didn’t know and that as soon as he found out, he’d probably say something really hurtful about it. So, I decided not to be friends with him before he didn’t want to be friends with me.”
“Three!” Jo tipped her head back, and downed the contents of her bottle in one gulp. As one, the others did the same - and Castiel paused just long enough to make sure no one was immediately choking. That was only responsible, wasn't it? He watched them all swallow, their eyes wide, waiting for the effect to hit…
“We’ve got to make it all match up,” he said. “That’s all it is! Look, start with the disc in the middle, because…” he pushed on it, confirming his theory. “It doesn’t move, so it must already be facing the right way. Look, this line on the one next to it matches up…”
In all honesty, Dean felt bad for Ruby, but he was also getting gradually more annoyed with the way she was acting.
“Yes, I am,” Castiel said. Lisa’s smile was very nice. It was calming Castiel down. Things couldn’t be all wrong when Lisa was looking like that, so normal and pleasant.
” Dean said, like it was obvious. Castiel squinted at him, trying to figure out if Dean was joking - but he could only read a sincere question in those irritatingly green eyes.
“Don’t give me the answer!” Jo said. “It’s a competition, silly. We’re supposed to be playing against each other.”
Cas’s lips thinned at the nickname, but he wisely didn’t comment on it as he turned back to Jo, who was looking a little exasperated.
“Not really. Shouldn’t be too difficult though. It’s just plants.” Dean jerked his head in the direction of one of the potted plants that hung from the ceiling and was gently swaying back and forth, a gentle tune emanating from it.
“No one is surprised that the two of you dream about each other,” Nick mumbled with an eye-roll as he shakily grabbed an apple from a bowl in front of him.
Cas, who Dean had spent every day thinking about since he’d left. Cas, who Dean had been trying to find ever since Bobby told him he was still around. Cas, who Dean still had unfinished business with.
He didn’t have to wait for long; before Dean could even come up with another insult, the golden plates were being filled with piles of food. A huge plate of turkey meat sat beside a great bowl of roasted potatoes; there were pigs-in-blankets, there was stuffing, there were Yorkshire puddings; there were carrots and roasted parsnips and string beans and mashed sweet potato, and peas and chipolatas and cranberry sauce, and what seemed like ten thousand other things. For a moment, Castiel simply let the heady, hearty smell wash over him – and then he dived in.
“People with your right hand up, you’re correct,” Professor Tran said. Garth - to whom Castiel had been paying no attention whatsoever - sat down, looking unbothered. “If you didn’t know that one, it might behoove you to take a look at your textbook, since it is Switch’s name on the front. A House Point for the person who can tell me the wand movements that Switch described.”
“You’re the Novak kid, aren’t you?” he said gruffly. Castiel nodded. “Saw your Sorting. Congratulations. I used to be in Gryffindor m’self.” His eyes were suddenly not quite so hard, so unforgiving. There was a twinkle of kindness in them. He held out his hand for Castiel to shake.
And it wasn’t anywhere near as good as being able to talk to Dean, Castiel reflected at lunchtime, still reading, but it was better than nothing.
He shot his roommate a wide smile as he wrapped it around his neck, causing Garth to blush and wave a hand at him dismissively.
“Yes, and I’m told it was a very confusing and hectic couple of years for my fathers before the Ministry found out and came by to explain things,” Philippe said, and opened the
“Happy birthday to me,” he murmured excitedly and pulled at the strings until all of the wrapping was finally off and the box was torn into. Inside, packed carefully in tissue paper to keep them safe, was an ornate looking wristwatch, a large bag of cookies, and another letter with his mom’s handwriting on it. As he unfolded the paper, something small slid out and landed on his lap. Setting the letter aside briefly, Dean scooped up what appeared to be an interesting metal amulet in the shape some sort of tribal head, attached to a cord that was obviously meant to go around his neck.
“She’s OK!” Anna said, her voice muffled from being knelt down behind Castiel, but still audible; Castiel felt a wave of relief break over him.
Dean thinking he was better than Castiel was different than Castiel thinking he was better than Dean, of course.
“They must have just put it in the wrong dormitory,” said another one of the boys, short and squat, with blond hair and thick glasses. “We’ll help you move it back to the girls’, if you want.”
“You’re okay,” Castiel said, holding up his hand in the universal ‘OK’ symbol, “We can fix this. I don’t think it’s permanent.”
Castiel had considered feigning illness. In fact, he’d been hoping that they’d be working with a deeply poisonous plant today in Herbology, so that he could have snuck a little of it into his pocket, eaten it just before the class, and been transported to the Hospital Wing in a panic. It was just his luck that they were working with dittany, one of the most powerful healing plants in existence. Typical. Honestly, that just summed up the whole horrible situation Castiel was in.
“I won’t go far,” he promised her, and then switched his attention to Gabriel. “I’ll go easy for the first round.”
“Um. Alright,” Castiel said. The whole situation was decidedly strange. He got to his feet, feeling at a distinct disadvantage while sitting on the floor. If she was going to try to hex him, he wanted to be able to grab for his wand. Ruby watched him scramble upright, her eyes catching on the book in his hand.
Okay. Size of a dragon. What was the size of a dragon? A bus? No, Hogwarts wasn’t going to have a muggle answer be correct. Some other magical animal? Did this door really expect him to know another giant magical animal that weighed nothing?
Dean grimaced as he marched over to what looked like a broken branch about half the size of his arm that was floating just before the shoreline, and grabbed it.
“Oh no, hold on!” Madam Hanscum rested a hand on his shoulder. “Unless you want to make having no eyebrows and purple hair a new trend, let me fix that for you. It will take just a second.”
“That could be right. Martin Miggs isn’t necessarily a great representation for Muggles, is he?” Joshua opened the book and began to flip through the pages of the different comics thoughtfully. “Especially for witches and wizards who may not have ever met a Muggle before.”
Dean turned a corner, and he could have sworn one of the shadows down the hallway begin to move. His heart pounded. A ghost? Or worse, the creature that Castiel and Philippe had been talking about - the boggart, pretending to be a ghost?
fighting, not giving them new things to fight about. It was stupid Dean Winchester, ruining everything again - Castiel was always so annoyed by him that he forgot all the things he was supposed to be doing.
“We should brew up some Christmas Grog,” he said to Castiel at the breakfast table on the morning of the twenty-third, and so the two of them, along with Hannah, disappeared down to the dungeon room as soon as they were excused. Castiel had no idea how Ash had managed to accumulate so many boxes of assorted ingredients in such a short time, some edible and some strictly for use in poisonous potions – and when asked, Ash only tapped the side of his nose – but it came in useful as the three of them stood around a little crackling cauldron, adding red berries and a sprinkle of cloves and cinnamon sticks to the contents of a bottle of grape juice that Ash said he’d been saving specially.
“Why?” he said, and it came out sharp and slightly too loud, and he gritted his teeth harder than he’d ever done before to try not to cry. He thought they were going to crack in two. And even still, he could feel his eyes filling up.
“You don’t think you belong in Gryffindor?” she said. Castiel lifted one shoulder diffidently, not wanting to explain his situation too much. He’d only get upset. Hannah’s expression was one of confusion. “But… you helped me last night,” she said. “When the others were going to throw me out. That was very chivalrous.”
“I’ve been paying attention to people - the things they’ve been saying. Certain… things... have caught my attention. And I’d like to know what you think about it.”
Dean glared at Castiel, who pointedly ignored him in favor of trimming his stupid broomstick. Dean grumbled as he stood and grabbed second pair of clippers as well as the nearest broom and slumped back down in his seat across from Castiel. He studied the twigs halfheartedly and experimentally snipped a piece of one off. Huh.
moving eulogy at your funeral.” Castiel grabbed his denim jacket and pulled out his car keys as he made his way back up the stairs. “‘Here lies Dean Winchester. That’s not his name, and that’s not his body, but he
“Yeah, yeah, it’s just – it’s just, I’ve got to get in here,” Charlie said, reaching back and tugging fruitlessly at the handle of the door that she’d been kneeling next to when Castiel had stumbled upon her. “There’s supposed to be a – well, I can’t really tell you why, but I swear it’s important, Novak, okay? Couldn’t you just…” She gave her wand a little flourish, and a couple of sparks flew out the end. “
“Now,” Joshua said, tapping on the cover of the book, “I can see that this means a lot to you. Can you tell me why you think this book is… bad in a bad way?”
“Yup, yup, shutting up,” Ash said. Both of them stared at Castiel, who was fidgeting with his robes, making eye contact with neither of them.
“Okay.” She was quiet for a few moments, and then said, “Dean stopping being your friend must hurt a lot, though.”
,” Ash whispered, and even in the gloom of the room, Castiel could see the way his eyes were sparkling. “It’s perfect. Castiel,” he said, turning to look at him, “you’re a genius. And I owe you that favour someday, OK? It’s a deal.”
Dean perked up. Flying brooms inside the castle? Dangerous and not allowed, but as long as they were careful it could be fun. Maybe even more fun than drinking some mysterious potions.
“It’s my own damn fault. I shouldn’t have let that witch get at me, but here we are, so I’m just going to deal with it.”
He disappeared. Castiel swallowed. He wished he could feel a spark of the rivalry that had kept him and Dean going through their first year, fighting for top spot in every class they had together. Now, with Ash, all he could feel was the weight of his mother’s expectations, the need to be the best, the hollow acceptance that Ash had done better in the class today.
“Michael and Gabriel both came top of the year in their first year. So did my mom herself. And her dad, and his dad, and his mom. And my dad, and my dad’s mom, and… you get it.” Castiel shrugged. “Family tradition. They were all Ravenclaws, though.”
Dean hadn’t bothered thinking about Castiel’s birthday last year because they hadn’t been friends. He’d despised Castiel this time last year and had been pretty ecstatic to hear that Castiel’s own mother had confiscated the expensive broom that he’d gotten as a present.
The lake got darker the further out he walked, until he passed where the the small boats were tied - the ones that he’d used to cross the lake at the beginning of the year - and made it to the very edge of the furthest point, and realized that the black lake was aptly named.
“Yeah, you can watch it for me as I catch it with my eyes closed. I won’t even need to keep them open to beat you, Winchester.”
Philippe sat up slowly and glanced at the poster before huffing out a breath of amusement. Dean blinked and suddenly his roommate’s hair was turning as pink as the poster’s.
Before he could think, he’d looked across the room to meet Dean Winchester’s eyes. Dean was just unrolling his parchment; his eyes were flicking over the top, reading his own scores. As though sensing Castiel’s eyes on him, Dean looked up.
It was late afternoon on the Saturday after Halloween, and Castiel was wandering alone down a hallway lit up in slots through the great arched windows. Outside, it was raining; Castiel could hear the water lashing the glass panes. Inside, however, all was calm and quiet, aside from Castiel’s echoing footsteps.
“We’re all small, Novak,” said Charlie. “Let’s not waste time underestimating ourselves, when we could be busy making use of the fact that everyone else is underestimating us too.” She grinned at him challengingly, her red hair brushing over her shoulders. It had grown since Castiel had helped her into that abandoned classroom in October, but the persuasive lengths she was willing to go to were just the same as before. Castiel gave Hannah one final look, and she shrugged.
“If - if you’d like, I could heal it for you,” Dean suggested, trying to sound more confident than he felt. It was one thing to try and heal himself, but it was another to try it on another person. What if he did it wrong? Could he cause more pain than she was feeling right now?
“Mr Novak, that question is more advanced than the level of this class. Please speak to me after the lesson and I can talk you through the finer points of that spell’s origin. Anyone else with an interest may also stay.” She gave a sharp nod, and moved away. “Now, open your books to page one hundred and seven. As we begin to look towards the end of the year and the exam, we’re going to be doing some review work…”
Dodging it slowed Castiel down, but not enough to do any damage. Dean skidded round a corner, smashing into a wall, and ran on. He heard Castiel do exactly the same a few moments later, and laughed. There was a long stretch out ahead of him now...
“Cas. . .” Dean said, his heart wrenching at the sight of him like this. “Look, don’t - don’t fucking do this to yourself. Please. Time jumps take so much out of you and you’ve been doing this a lot. You’re gonna hurt yourself.”
Roy’s breathing hitched and his teeth slowly began to retract back into his mouth, making him look much more human than he had a few seconds before, despite the blood on his face.
“- ninety-two percent sure you’re about to die. Yeah, yeah.” Dean waved a hand. “But seeing as you’ve never fought a demon before, you’re already at like sixty percent.”
Castiel screwed up his face, like he did every single time Gabriel called him that. All in all, Gabriel’s nicknames for him could use some work, Castiel thought. Nicknames and epithets, both. Still, even Cassie was better than the cold smirk Michael used as a name-replacement for Castiel; the eldest Novak didn’t address anyone else with quite that level of contempt, so it was like a special brotherly nickname all of its own.
Castiel smiled as he read it, but he paused before he wrote back, trying to figure out a way to ask more specifically. Could he say,
Dean nodded once as he thought about all the ways he could talk around liking the book if Castiel got too nosy about it. Hopefully, like Jo said, it wouldn’t be considered weird, and it would all go smoothly.
The entire common room turned to stare at Thaddeus, who was leaning against one of the walls in his pyjamas, looking over - thoroughly unimpressed - at the professor.
On some level, Castiel knew that he shouldn’t still be feeling the loss this acutely. People made friends and lost friends all the time. Over the Easter break, Castiel had heard from Gabriel about all six of the fights he’d had with Kali, which had all been made up after a day or so. And Hannah had got into a debate with Ash a week or so ago that had gone a little too far, but they’d shrugged it off without even bothering to make up. Even Jo and Anna last year with their giant argument had managed to patch things up after a while.
“Wait, do another one,” Garth dropped down to sit next to Jo while Nick sat cross-legged at their feet. “That seemed fun.”
“I just. . . I just wanna see him again.” Dean took a long drink. “I want to talk to him. Tell him everything. Share everything. If he wants that.”
“Well, that’s wonderful,” Madam Hanscum placed the cup down on the desk next to him and immediately placed her hands on her hips. “Now, what in tarnation were you children doing with a Quidditch broom in the common room?”
The door in front of him swung open to reveal an expansive, airy room, with midnight blue carpeting and bronze silks draped over the windows. Inside, there were a few students that he’d seen around school sitting at desks, poring over books, or taking naps on a few of the couches.
A hand gesture that Castiel had once seen a man outside the window of Cloudesley Street use popped into his head, one that he didn’t think was particularly friendly. He considered using it over his shoulder at Dean, and then decided to take a higher road. Besides, he wasn’t completely sure what it meant, and he didn’t want to accidentally tell Dean to do anything
Dean snorted, and then looked down as Professor Mills called for their attention. Castiel followed his gaze, seeing the top of Anna, Jo, and Hannah’s heads arranged in a neat semicircle opposite the Hufflepuff Chasers. Their hair was blowing in the breeze that was starting to pick up, Hannah’s soft, unruly curls tumbling over her face no matter how many times she reached up and pushed them behind her ears.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Sorry, I was just… I thought I saw, um. Something… out the door. But I didn’t see it. So it’s fine.”
Dean’s Christmas haul wasn’t something that he would have described as particularly large. He’d woken up that morning to find a small pile of presents next to his bed, including a plate of chocolates stamped with the Hogwarts crest that he assumed was given to all students that were staying over the holidays. His mom had sent him a package that included a plate of homemade cookies, another drawing from Sam, a fairly expensive-looking notebook, and a watch with a black leather band and a pearly face. Nothing was
“You’re young, still,” the sphinx acknowledged, and tossed her mane as she turned away. “I’ll call on you when your mind has expanded more.”
Another spray of bubbles, longer and bigger ones this time. Dean looked back up at Castiel, and saw that his mouth was moving furiously as he pointed at Dean. Dean squinted back at him. Castiel seemed to somehow be lower down than before. Was Castiel’s chocolate also making him shrink?
“Changed my… well… I don’t know,” Castiel said slowly. “We just did some things together that were fun.”
“Charlie?” Castiel said,  and Charlie jerked around to face him, her eyes wide. Castiel had never seen anyone looking quite so guilty. Whatever she’d been doing, he’d caught her red-handed.
Jo was doing her best to hide a smile, and Anna was outright giggling. Castiel rolled his eyes diffidently, but inside, he was cringing. Had he really gone on about his studies that much?
“Anything else about demons that I should know?” Castiel asked, quickly changing the subject to something he could handle thinking about, closed his laptop and set it aside.
much!" he called after them, even as a part of him presented various memories that proved him wrong.
Christmas is coming to Hogwarts! It's a special time of the year for Castiel, for more reasons than one. And even though Dean was disappointed at first to be staying at school instead of going home, he soon finds that there's fun to be had in the castle over the holidays - even if pretentious, irritating Castiel is staying too. But before all of that, there's the serious matter of a snowball fight to attend to...
When the gifts were opened and they’d finished gawking at everything (Dean was a big fan of the hat Ash had knitted for him), they stumbled back down into the Gryffindor common room and flopped down on the couches in front of the roaring fire.
Dean looked over at Jo, who had leaned towards him to shout, but Dean only shrugged his shoulders. He hadn’t seen Anna all day, and he definitely hadn’t seen her around the Quidditch pitch.
“To the restricted section? Not yet!” Charlie shook her head and clenched a fist. “When I saw where it led I just walked back out. I need to be prepared for this sort of stuff.”
“No,” said Castiel quickly, not even needing to catch Hannah’s eye. “Houses? Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs, Ravenclaws and Slytherins?”
the one to talk,” Jo said, rolling her eyes. “You’re really the king of getting along. Why don’t you tell me more about how many enemies you don’t have?”
Philippe smiled and leaned forward and in the course of a few seconds, his eyes changed to bright green cat eyes before going back to normal.
“Nothing,” said Philippe diffidently, raising his eyebrows at Castiel’s tone. “I was just saying, you’re really good at magic.”
that was what they were. He held his slice of toast higher aloft in one hand, and let go of his robes with the other so that he could dip his fingers beneath the lake’s surface. Sure enough, when he grasped at the things floating in the dark water and pulled, he found himself holding a handful of slimy green tendrils.
They sat in comfortable silence for a few moments, enjoying the crackling of the fire in front of them and the warmth that exuded from it.
The watch still sat on the floor, shining. It did look old, Castiel thought, but not especially magical - the face showed a simple twelve-hour dial, no interplanetary movements or particular features of sorcery - beyond, Castiel assumed, the magical means behind the face that made it function. He had never opened up a watch before. He wondered briefly what spells were needed to tell time. They were sure to be fiddly and difficult.
Dean made a noise of protest as Garth attempted to drag him away from the food. “But I’m not done yet!”
“Nobody did - what did - who told you…?” Dean said awkwardly. Castiel said nothing, hoping that silence would tease the truth out of Dean sooner than words. The corridor was deathly still; Castiel became suddenly aware of how close he was to Dean, tucked behind the statue. Maybe it was because they’d already been forced into closeness when Dean had discovered him under the table earlier, but the proximity wasn’t as uncomfortable as Castiel usually found it.
The next hour was one of the most straining - and most fun - hours of Dean’s entire life. Ravenclaw had found their spirit of competition and seemed to be soundly trouncing Slytherin. Every point that Ravenclaw scored earned them a eruption of noise that never seemed to stop. No one on the team seemed relaxed, however. All it would take was for Slytherin to earn just enough points and then catch the Snitch in order to cinch their win, and every point they earned was another point getting them closer to that goal; enough for the Slytherin Seeker to start seriously looking for the shiny golden glimmer of the Snitch.
Dean screwed up his face as he tried to remember which spells he was most likely to get tested on. Levitating for sure. Unlocking. Locking. Light. Mending?
like a bad place. Still, Castiel knew his mother would probably seriously consider using an Unforgivable Curse on him if he lingered in a magical space that he didn’t completely understand and couldn’t control.
He’d enjoyed that question, had almost forgotten he was in an exam as he’d immersed himself in answering it - which had come with its own horror after he’d finished his essay and realised he only had three minutes to go back and check his previous answers, and found all his mistakes, and had no time to correct them.
“I was just going to say – oh! I forgot he does that,” Lisa said, her attention delightedly drawn to the barn owl in Dean’s arms. “He’s
“About how much you hate Gryffindor,” Anna said, a little slyly. When Hannah sent her a glare, Anna shrugged, her voice pitched high in defence. “What? When he looks all gloomy like that, it’s
A small blush crossed his face. “I dunno. He’s just like... super protective. And good in a fight. And a talking tree.”
He reached for his wand again, ready to cast the light spell, when he heard a familiar and unwelcome voice beat him to it.
” said Anna, and Castiel winced at the noise - surely Mr Singer had heard all of this, and was coming to get them, and put them all in detention, maybe even expel them? But then he caught sight of where Jo was pointing her wand, and he understood Anna’s panic. He tried to grab for control of the broom, tried to get in her way, stop her - but she was too fast. With a brilliant smile, she aimed directly at one of the stained-glass windows at the side of the main door into the castle, and shouted,
Still, he hadn’t been here nearly as often as he had his first year, and maybe the Door deserved an explanation.
Nearly tripping over himself, Dean rushed to the door faster than he’d rushed towards anything in his life, and swung it open.
Dean’s chest was rising and falling rapidly - he didn’t want to hear anymore. He just wanted it all to go away - wanted
, the symbol for partnership. He scanned the others, but didn’t recognise any of them. Partnership? Why would a door have ‘partnership’ written on it? Did the door have a double somewhere else in the castle?
“Boooring!” Dean grabbed one of the smaller presents from the pile next to Castiel’s bed and tossed it to him. “Presents are always better than libraries.”
The portrait swung open to admit them, and Castiel heard a pair of excited cries. He stepped through the portrait hole to find Hannah and Ash inside, standing over by the fire - and as he got closer, he realised what was in front of them.
He pulled up to the parking lot, and felt his heart stop as he saw a much-too-familiar-looking car in the parking lot.
“Hold still!” he shouted to Hannah, whose eyes were glazed with panic; she couldn’t even nod to say she’d understood. “Hold still…” He took a deep breath and tried to steady himself, or the spell wouldn’t work. “F-f-f-finite incantatem!” he said, pointing his wand at Hannah’s arm and willing with all of his might for the stone to stop creeping, for Hannah to be alright, for the jinx to halt its progress…
He heard the crack of bone against stone a split second before he felt it. A sharp pain started in his ankle where he landed incorrectly and quickly travelled upwards as he almost immediately collapsed onto the floor to try and cushion the worst of the fall, not to much success.
Charlie peered into the empty classroom beyond the door, and then turned back to Castiel, her expression caught between surprised and impressed.
Jo waved as he left and made his way down the long train hallway. The bathroom was probably at the very end of this cart, right? He should have asked, but he didn't want to go back now and look like an idiot. Sure enough, he got to the end of the cart and spotted the bathrooms, only to find that the men's room was locked. Great. After about thirty seconds of tapping his shoe, the door finally opened to reveal the blue-eyed boy from earlier. He smiled as he stepped out, accidentally bumping into Dean as the train lurched.
“I am aware of that,” Naomi said, without even a hint of dryness, utterly serious. “Something must have gone wrong. Every single member of our family has been in Ravenclaw, going back tens of generations, Castiel.” She sounded accusatory. It was no more than Castiel deserved, he knew.
Charlie broke off very suddenly, her expression shifting. Instead of looking guilty, she now seemed more… speculative. She was frowning at him, but her eyes were sparkling. Castiel shifted from one foot to the other uncomfortably.
Dean huffed as he reached up to grab onto the top of the metal sheet and found that he couldn’t quite reach it yet. Settling for a gear that was a little closer, he shifted his weight so he could make a small jump and firmly wedged a foot in a space between two cogs. Looking up, he could still see the faint glow of the “H” that had enticed him to climb in the first place start to turn a faint red color.
He shrugged to himself, and wondered what Gabriel thought of Muggleborns. He couldn’t imagine it was all that different to what Michael thought. Something about it needled him a little, but he pushed the feeling away. He was wrong enough inside already, Gryffindor and not Ravenclaw. Somehow Michael didn’t hate him, was even willing to talk with him in public - and Castiel didn’t want to do anything to jeopardise that. If he said Muggleborns weren’t worthy of being here, then - then Castiel thought that, too.
Dean nodded slowly, eyes wide as he imagined ten different ways that he was going to end up disappointing her.
Dean glared at Jo until she finally sighed and nodded in agreement. “Yeah, Castiel, that was cheating. It doesn’t count.”
Castiel waited a good long time before heading back up to the castle. The last thing he wanted was to run into her anywhere. And when he got back, he went to the library, as usual. He studied, and ate, and slept. It took a few days, but he put Ruby’s nastiness out of his mind.
Dean tilted his head as he heard Ruby speaking the spell. It was one he’d read about but not one that he’d learned quite yet. The practice of it didn’t seem too hard, though.
Everyone was jeering at the Slytherin team, and Dean was pretty sure that if Charlie were there, she’d being jeering right alongside the rest of them. There were Slytherins, and then there were
A small smirk played on his lips as he pointed his wand at another rock and made it hover with a murmured spell.
The last person to get on the train shut the door behind them; Castiel heard it slam. It was almost eleven o’clock.
“Well… I was going more for ‘dangerous to the point of stupidity’, but that as well,” Castiel conceded. Jo rolled her eyes dramatically and reached for the plate of sausages closest to her. She grabbed one between two fingers and bit into it.
, because the ending of the incantation - ‘muto’ - is often used in transfiguration spells, and the first option was
“You’d better have something really cool on the other side,” Dean said, not bothering to keep the irritation out of his voice. “Because I’m going to get you open one day, and I’ll be really upset if there’s just an empty room or something.”
“What’s the favor?” he asked hesitantly, though he couldn’t imagine what kind of favor a painting would ask for.
“And you’d know all about kneazle droppings,” Anna said, “since that’s what I’m sure your mom serves up for dinner every night.”
necessarily reflect the true thoughts and opinions of the drinker. Still - probably best not to trust sausage rolls, just in case.
Unfortunately for him, waiting next to him was someone who he assumed was the boyfriend of the woman who would try something on, show it off to lots of supportive wolf-whistles and whoops with each outfit reveal. Under any other circumstance it might have been fine, but now it only served as an awkward backdrop.
“If you don’t hear from me, assume it’s on,” she said. “Be in the Entrance Hall at half-past six, while everyone’s at dinner. Ash’ll meet you there.”
Dean finally sat up with a resigned sigh and stared the strange door down. “I’ll figure you out one day.” he stated matter-of-factly, just in case the door could somehow hear him. “No matter what.”
“I was just… really nervous,” Lisa said quietly, a small tremor in her voice. “I got nervous and forgot how to do everything. I can’t believe that happened.”
Pushing back from the wall, Castiel stared at it with his arms hanging down by his sides for a few moments. It
That’s what had happened with Charlie, after all. He’d never told her that they couldn’t hang out, never walked away from her. But he’d also never gone to hang out with her specifically to shove it in Michael’s face. He’d just… not really done anything.
“Huh,” he said softly, and made a mental note of their colour and size before he dropped them back into the water. He'd look them up later. Maybe there would be a note on what fed on them; maybe he'd be able to find out more about what lived in here with the Squid.
Hannah was watching him with her big blue eyes wide under her messy mop of dark hair. She was chewing on her lip.
Castiel wondered how Dean had missed the point. “Because… maybe we should not let them ruin their friendship forever?”
Castiel subsided. Behind where the boy – Dean – was sitting, he could see the Ravenclaw first-years enjoying their food, laughing and chatting. He wondered what they were talking about. They all looked so happy, so excited. No wonder, he thought bitterly. They were going to be living with other people just like them, people who pushed each other, people who were smart and creative and thoughtful. Whereas he, Castiel… he rubbed his thumb along the dents that spelled out
“I love you,” Dean said, and felt Castiel’s grip tighten, “But you’ve gotta stop doing this to yourself. If Sam and I. . . if we aren’t around, then humanity needs you, man. You’ve gotta be there for them.”
“That’s a great idea. One day we absolutely have to do that, but tonight we need to have enough for a lot of people.” Dean’s voice became a whisper as they neared the back of the grandfather clock, pressing his ear up against it to listen for anyone on the other side. “Philippe said that he had some ideas for stuff to do.”
Before Castiel could respond, warm arms wrapped around him, bringing him close to Dean’s chest and held him fast.
“I’m not scared,” he said out loud, because he didn’t want to be. His legs were starting to ache from squatting down. He glared down at the watch, its shining face and ticking hands, counting away the seconds, unruffled. This was the place where he was supposed to be safe, the place where he’d come on that terrible night and it had helped him, made him feel calm. This stupid
Back at the common room, it looked as if all of the Hufflepuffs were planning on going to the match. That wasn’t surprising, however, as Hufflepuff hadn’t made it to the finals for years and everyone had friends that they wanted to support – much like Dean himself.
A loud screech was heard overhead, signalling that it was time for the mail and causing Dean to look up in eagerness. A few moments later, a rather small tawny owl flew just over head and dropped a small package directly onto Dean’s eggs.
Not broken - he was fairly sure. It at least looked like everything was in the right place, but it hurt like he’d either severely sprained it or had maybe even fractured it in some way.
“You’ve still got a one-up on me. I don’t even know muggle history that good and now I have to learn this.”
But the creature made a little movement - just a small flick of its head, such a human gesture that it stopped Castiel in his tracks. The centaur was a being all of its own, he chastised himself. It was reading the stars for its own benefit, not to be asked questions.
“One…” Professor Tran said. The class had fallen completely silent again, waiting to see what was about to happen. Dean, across the table, was already raising his wand, ready to perform his magic. Castiel had no other option. He’d have to do it.
“She should be wherever she thinks she belongs,” Castiel said, a little more fiercely than intended. He pushed away a mental image of the Ravenclaw common room, and ignored the little twist of sadness in his chest.
It felt like it was. Dean had been an awful liar, and the search for his brother had felt like the one true thing that he’d been told while they’d talked.
“I suppose that explains the walking owl on the train,” Castiel said thoughtfully, and Dean grinned back.
The effervescent waitress terminated in front of them with a smile on her face and two waters in hand.
“So, you went up to some random person and asked for permission to take their body on an adventure and they just said yes? Is he in there
“I think you’re okay,” Dean said, standing back up and shrugging. “It’s probably just too much sunlight. My mom killed like three of them because she kept them directly on the windowsill and huffed about how picky they were.”
“Ooooh, an interesting pass from McKeon to Tinoshemet, right over Pond’s head. A little bit faster next time, Pond, do us right… Tinoshemet makes a dash for the hoops but Ware is ready… Tinoshemet readies a throw and -
His dad would probably be outraged at the possibility that Dean could do his job better than him with a few well-placed flicks of his wrist, but maybe he could? What was the point of all of this magic existing out in the world, saving the lives of other magic-users, but leaving the Muggles out high and dry when they needed it?
“Even bad ones – and I’ll tell you why –” Joshua closed the book again and set it on his lap. “If we destroyed every single copy of the Martin Miggs books, that doesn’t hold the witches and wizards who made it very accountable, does it?”
“HIC,” Castiel agreed disconsolately. They swung their legs over the broom in unison, and Castiel grabbed onto Dean’s waist as they, too, pushed off from the floor - and went flying, helter-skelter, after Jo and Anna.
At the very least, he needed some parchment and a quill to start making new notes. Castiel turned around -
“What? I already looked stupid enough. He obviously tricked me, I’m not gonna give him the satisfaction of an opportunity to rub it in.”
Professor Tran’s eyes seemed to linger on both himself and on Dean, Castiel thought; the only two in the class meeting her stare. The twitch of her eyebrow before she continued speaking suggested that she had some kind of opinion on their confidence, but her flat mouth gave Castiel no clues as to what that opinion might be.
“That’s too fast!” Castiel said, already turning away and beginning to race down the corridor. “That’s too fast!” He rounded the corner as they reached eight, and careened past the library, heading for the grand staircase. He pushed past a big group of older Slytherins, ignoring their catcalls as he ran, making it to the Entrance Hall just as Hannah and Gabriel, by his count, had reached twenty. He stood stock still, trying to figure out the best place to go. If he headed upwards then he could aim for one of the more obscure statues and hide behind it - but then again, he would have to run the whole way, exposed the entire time…
The good thing about a Quidditch match was that everyone’s eyes were on the sky, and Dean had an excuse to pointedly not look at Castiel, who was seated a couple of rows behind him next to Anna and Ash, who had elected to wear both a Ravenclaw and a Gryffindor scarf around his neck.
“Not really, they’re all being super secretive about it around me. But Castiel is kind of in a mood so who
Suddenly, as the last stragglers took their places at their House tables in the Great Hall, the empty plates in front of the students filled up with food. Castiel and his friends relinquished conversation to get down to the serious business of eating. The main courses were delicious – Castiel chose to have pumpkin soup (good, as Jo pronounced it, but not comparable to her mother’s), and a generous serving of shepherd’s pie – but the desserts were where the Halloween feast really came into its own. Cakes, pies and tarts lined the tables, decorated orange and purple and green, with spun-sugar webs and enchanted chocolate spiders; there was a giant dark jelly that was shaped to look like a witch’s hat and tasted of blackberries, and soft, cakey biscotti in the shape of skeleton bones, and a multi-layered, gorgeously creamy cheesecake with a dark-chocolate topping and little green, mint-chocolate cat’s eyes as decorations, which actually blinked and moved…
Anna swivelled a full one-eighty to look Billie in the eyes, and evidently twisted her body beneath the blankets to do so, because there was a muffled
The guns paused in mid-air as Dean frowned momentarily. “This?” He repeated the movement. “A finger gun?”
“Is there. . . “ Professor Gadreel rested his hands together on the table, looking concerned. “. . . anything you’d like to talk to me about, Dean?”
Did Castiel really think that he was better than anyone? Did he treat people differently because he thought he was better? He couldn’t think of a single witch or wizard he’d ever looked down on - well, apart from when people didn’t do their homework and wanted to copy, but that wasn’t looking down on
After sticking out his tongue in concentration, Dean took a few deep breaths as he shifted his body and crouched his legs in concentration.
“Good plan. Well, I’ll see you tomorrow!” Jo waved and split off up towards the stairway, while Dean headed towards his own common room to relay the news to his roommates.
“Uh, wait. She can’t stay,” interrupted one of the boys – the tall one – taking a step closer, looking back towards the other two boys for support. The girl’s grip on Castiel’s hand tightened for a second, and then she dropped her hold. “She’s a
“Yeah!” Dean pointed at her like she’d just won the lottery, jumping up and down with a wide smile on his face. “Lisa’s got it!”
But the memory of Naomi’s anger was a furious spectre in his mind. He was supposed to be keeping a low profile, remaining on friendly terms with Dean while not actually hanging out with him, no matter how much fun they had or how much better Castiel felt while they were together or how much he hoped that they could be friends, good friends, maybe forever, and -
Dean said and let out a frustrated breath. “You think I was wrong even though you don’t know what happened and you want us to be friends again because he just looked
“Oh, these guys?” Gabriel said. “They saw you running and asked what was happening, so I told them. And then they wanted to join in, and then the people who overheard me telling those other people wanted to join in, too. And then Ms Reaper overheard me telling
The corridors were clearing as the students filed into their classrooms; only stragglers were left. Castiel picked up his speed, racing down the corridors, the sprinting reminding him of when he’d played hide and seek with Gabriel.
“A fan of Martin Miggs?” Joshua asked, opening up to the front cover and scribbling something on the card with a quill.
“Well, are you going to open your present, then?” Ash said, smiling uncertainly. Castiel blinked at him for a moment, and then caught Hannah’s eye, and grinned back at them. This was the one time in the whole year that he got to feel like his father cared about him. He was going to enjoy it for all he was worth.
However, Dean had smiled when he’d seen an expertly decorated cupcake on the bedside next to him when he’d woken up that morning. He wasn’t just getting food out of the kitchens  it seemed like he might be getting friends, too. He’d made a happy mental note to thank Turvey next time he made it through the secret passage.
“Then it’ll be the full week of detention for both of you,” Professor Apollyon said. “Come in, sit down. You’ve brought your books to study?”
“Sure, that too, I guess,” she laughed, flicking her long hair back over one shoulder. Castiel opened his mouth to argue with them further, and then closed it again. There was no point looking for trouble, and he’d noticed that Anna and Jo were of roughly similar talent levels, anyway - however much Jo professed to the contrary. Their little deception probably wouldn’t skew the results of the homework marks too badly.
Dean tugged on the sleeve of her robes and headed down a side corridor with a lot less people in it, and sat down next to a window, hugging his bag to his chest. Jo frowned and sat down next to him.
he said, a little bit more firmly than before, causing his broom to hover and drop to the ground again.
. Castiel smiled after it, surveying his own hand after the strangeness of the sensation it had just experienced. He seemed undamaged.
Dean smiled and rested his chin on his hand. “Oh really?” He dropped his voice to a whisper. “Hannah, did you get a book from
”Here you go,” Dean said, handing a letter off to the nearest snowy owl and patted it on the head once, giving Gandalf an extra pat afterwards in case he got jealous. “Thank you for your service.”
“But if I get him the right thing then he’ll realise that he did want it,” Castiel said. “Like how I didn’t know I wanted the book he gave me before he gave it to me, and now I know I did want it. It could be like that.”
“Right-handers, you’re quite right.” There was a more significant loss of students to their seats, this time; Dean, irritatingly, was still standing, as was Garth, but Jo and Anna were both sitting down. “Who can tell me why?”
Every head turned to see Castiel holding his wand high up in the air, squinting as he created enough light for most of the other students to be able to find their way to their seats.
?” Dean groaned internally as he recognized the furious face of the Hogwarts caretaker, Bobby Singer.
Dean nodded slowly as he sat down in the chair that stood in front of Professor Gadreel’s desk; it was slightly too big for him. Professor Gadreel poured something that smelled like honey into the cup and handed it over.
