“Afternoon” Sherlock smiled
"Yeah just tired. Been a long month and it's not over yet." Willa replied.
"We will get you all the help you need," Willa said smiling.
“Where’s Greg?” Mycroft asked voice hoarse from no use.
“Greg I...” Mycroft started as he handed the file to Anthea and went to hold Greg’s hand.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked.
“Please let them know my well wishes for a speedy recovery,” Lestrade said. Anthea nodded and headed back to the room.
“Little sister remembers more that she lets on” Eurus said coldly
“Well you are the one who made family into business” Sherlock said looking up at the intercom. “So what are we to do? Just sit by and watch him die.”
He traveled trying to recruit, using Greece and Bawnboy as home bases. Then last May he got a call. Someone wanted to help him in his endeavor to undo Sherlock and company.
She really shouldn’t be here, she felt like she was prying in on the lives of her friends. Anthea had said it was for their security, they didn’t know if Moran had anyone else out there working with him. It had been nearly a week since the blast and no one had made any moves. Moran’s little army had been dismantled, either killed in confrontation with the military or taken into custody. Anthea said that Moran himself was locked in a high security facility specially designed for criminals like him.
"Ok," Brody replied.
“What are they doing?” Mycroft tiredly asked
“You saved my sister’s life, and you brought me these,” Sherlock said lifting the files. “Just the thing I needed in my moment of need. My sister would be horrified and very angry at me if I didn’t do something in return. She keeps me in check like that.”
Life and work just get in the way. Not of writing but of editing and posting.
The inmates put collars on the three.
“I can’t understand you, you idiot” Eurus sighed.
There was a banging and a yell.
This was different then a prison hospital, there were no rows of beds, and he wasn’t even chained to the bed. He really didn’t need to be. His whole body ached, and the mere act of trying to raise his hand to scratch his nose was like atlas trying to lift the world high. He was weaker than a kitten.
Jim had rewarded her handsomely. He gifted to her a small hotel in Greece. There she started up her business again, this time expanding on her one woman operation. Training young women to do what she did and even some men. Sebastian had enjoyed his one on ones with her, what he learned he used on Jim, much to Jim’s delight.
“Mary I know this is hard but, you have to try and push as hard as you can.” John said gently freeing his daughters head from the birth canal.
Robbie parked his chair on the other side of Willa.
The tall lean twins were perfect gender mirrors of each other, which allowed designers and make-up artists to play around a bit and make them nearly identical androgynous beings to showcase their cutting-edge fashions. It had skyrocketed them to international fame, they were at the top of their profession, and they were just a month over 25 years old.
Lestrade stood and looked “That’s over by Baker Street!” he said with alarm.
“There was a man here, speaking in another language, said something about Sherlock and the Met” Molly said as a paramedic got his gear ready
John sat in his chair looking across the ottoman at Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson had agreed to take Rosie for the day. She also made them tea and sandwiches and other assorted snacks for their talk.
“I want my mummy!” Elijah cried
“And get me that camera footage form the CCTVs” He hollered as he exited anger radiating though the walls.
Carefully supporting Sherlock’s head and neck with one hand John placed his other hand on Sherlock’s hip. Mary was able to move her arms and helped support Sherlock’s front as they got him flat on his back.
“We can use the garden for the ceremony and then move inside for the reception right?” Greg asked.
“My brother Mycroft. I am not sure what I can say. Literally I don’t know what is protected by the secrets act” Sherlock started the crowd gave a laugh. “I did promise to keep this short and no theatrics like the last best man speech I gave.” Sherlock said
They had settled into life nicely.
Brodie Wellington-McTavish had come to St. Bart’s pathology department from Kinlochleven via the British Royal Navy, where he was a marine. He had joined the navy to get out of his small city and due to his test results had been placed in the Marines. He figured the military was a good way to have his education paid for. What he didn’t expect was for a war to break out in Afghanistan. So he had been sent over Kabul, Kandahar, Helmand, and had even been posted over to Iraq twice.
“One” Mycroft said taking out his wallet. He removed one of the many pictures of Rosie he had started carrying in it.
“Please don’t go Greg.” Mycroft quietly said through tears that were now streaming down his face. “I, I can’t lose you. I love you Greg. Please help me become the man I can be”
“Should have just let Sholto and D’Helley at them.” One of the soldiers spoke up. “They could wipe the floor with those security guys. Even that washed up bootneck.”
Documents signed and passports noted, they headed off to the arrivals area to meet their car. As they exited the doors there were people lined up behind the barrier waiting for their loved ones. Mycroft spotted a familiar face in the crowd. He was excited, Had Sherlock and John brought Rosie to greet them. They did miss her so.
Anthea had even been in theatre longer than her, plating put on her ribs to keep the shifted bones from moving more and causing further damage.
“Then maybe I should move back to my old flat.” Greg said standing
"I was scared to take this step. I wasn't sure if either of us was ready" he said as he wrapped the towel around John
“She’s just trying to make us mad at you.” Greg said “I know I am not as brilliant as you or Sherlock. I well, maybe not a goldfish, maybe a Koi, like a giant pretty goldfish” Greg laughed.
“We’re keeping our names, at least for now, we’re in this army life for the long hull, and with the ways, things are there are going to be a lot more tours. So best keep things simple.” John smiled.
There was an eerie giggle and then the far TV sprang to life. There was a forest, an oddly familiar forest.
“He’s finally letting people get close; I’m just saying if he’s letting you in, you should let him in as well.” Diane spoke
“I will text Anthea and see if she knows anything, but there was no origami there. The tong always leaves the lotus, always!” Sherlock said as he poured over the photos again while texting Dimmock. He needed him recheck the scene looking for an origami black lotus.
“Oh please gag me with a spoon.” Victor said mimicking a gagging then retching sound. “Next question? Four men were in a boat on the lake. The boat turned over and all four men sank to the bottom, yet not a single man got wet. How?”
The larger truck hitting the pot hole jarred the man in the passenger seat back into the present.
“Then shoot up and spray paint a wall, play music, that’s what Sherlock does, that’s what a normal person does.” John fumed.
“How?” Sherlock asked.
John shook his head and ran his hand through his hair as he turned to head back to bed.
Greg heard hurried footsteps on the stairs.
“Your breath.” Mycroft answered with an exasperated tone. He could not believe he was being held in a prison forced to play childish games.
Sherlock carefully reached behind and tried all of his. None worked. Elijah copied Sherlock but none worked.
“How long was I asleep?” He asked as he sat and stretched.
Riley stretched and curled up on his bed, soon he was in the blissful sleep that only exhaustion could bring.
“Of course you’ll be there. Who else is going to give John away.” Riley said with a laugh.
Greg was always into sports and by the time he graduated he was a pro-footie player and married to Margaret, his high school sweetheart. He played for four years. Then an injury occurred, so he decided to change gears, be a police officer like his father.
“John. I don’t know if I can protect you and I don’t want you getting into the middle of any of this. I almost lost you once and I can’t do that again. I, I think you should go with Rosie and Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock said taking John’s hands.
Greg smiled
The main door to 221B was gone, probably what took out part of the wall on the landing. The front of the building was completely gone. As John entered he noticed the floor from just in front of his chair was gone, collapsed on the floor below. The walls on either side almost nonexistent. He carefully turned and saw Sherlock and Mary on the ground at the entry way to the kitchen, Sherlock covering Mary. John stood starring scared to move forward, with all the debris they may not have… No he wasn’t going to think like that.
“They will have a lot of help with little Rosie. That’s what Grandparent do, and Mrs. Hudson will be helping too” Daddy Holmes smiled.
John could hear the sounds of Sherlock pacing and muttering. He was agitated, more so than John had ever known him to be. The solitary confinement and the object covering his head and face we most certainly causing the most agitation.
“John, Mrs. Hudson, Mary?” Sherlock asked struggling to get his voice to cooperate
“Lies” Eurus yelled as the helicopter came into view.
John settled into the chair in the large meeting room. HE was still attending the group sessions and it was starting to help a lot more. Now that he had been open and honest with Sherlock it was starting to be easier to be open and honest with himself.
“I’m sorry Sally, I am so sorry.” Greg said though the tears in his eyes.
“Like what. From the age of 5 Sherlock believed that his dog killed his baby sister whom he loved dearly. He in turn blamed himself for her death, and for Redbeard needing to be put down. He became a drug addict, involved with Victor Trevor. Nearly died multiple times and was beaten senseless by Victor. He was so casual with his life because he didn’t think he was worth living, even after he met me even after Reichenbach even after Mary shot him. He put others first because he thought he was unworthy to live all because of Eurus, because of her actions. If he had been allowed to remember, process it, then he wouldn’t have gone through hell and back more than once.” John ranted.
Greg kicked the football over to Andrew who rolled it up his leg and bounced it off his knee to his head and into the net behind Greg.
“Ok, well. Why don’t you go get washed up and I’ll start dinner.”
Mycroft gasped in pain before passing out.
“It’s been four bloody months” John replied though the tears.
Sebastian landed at the Dubai International Airport at noon. Waiting was a large well-dressed body guard looking guy with a sign that read Sebby.
“No, no, no, not what I meant Sherlock.” Eurus said angrily.
-=-=-=-=-
“Yes, I have a surprise for you, if it all works out” Mycroft smiled “I cannot make a cake or design our wedding attire, but I can give you a special gift of music, you love music and so it is the best gift I can give.”
His stomach lurched as he took another bite. Overthinking, it gets you every time. John put his fork down and quickly made his way to the lavatory. Sherlock put his fork down and followed.
“But it is his fault!” Donny said reentering “If he and that weirdo Sherlock Holmes weren’t running around playing amateur detective and his gushing blogger one of this would have happened.”
The officiant turned to him
“Well that’s an interesting name!” Judy said with a smiled
Greg looked down with a smile. He’d never be able to tell Sherlock and John that Mycroft and he were now proud members of the mile high club. It’s amazing what a government official could get away with on an international flight.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/14296275/chapters/32981013
Mycroft just gave an annoyed look.
Greg had been moved into the house as well, his healing was taking a bit longer, he had developed an infection in his stomach and that set back his recovery by a few weeks.
“These are Marco, Fredrick, and Denny. They are some wonderful gentlemen I met while exploring the facility.” Eurus said “They will be helping us with the next portion of our little experiment.”
There was more violent coughing over the line and the sounds of a branch starting to splinter.
“Wanna play miss Willa?” he asked
John bounded down the last two steps to the landing and helped Mrs. Hudson to the ground as the wall in front of them blew inwards.
“There is one more thing, and I really wish I could tell you but I can’t. years ago maybe but now it has become a matter of the government. But I can reassure you that it is contained and that nothing will come from it” Mycroft replied taking Greg’s hand in his.
The grown woman practically fawned over Sherlock like a teen over a tiger beat cover boy. It was sickening really.
“No” John replied as Sherlock read “I thought we would get a deadline. Moriarty gave us a deadline. 12 hours, 8 hours. This person hasn’t.”
“That is of course if Graham wants to go back to work, he could quite easily be a house husband living off the wage of his husband and attending footie and rugby matches at leisure” Sherlock smiled
I hope to get back to a more regular posting soon.
“Should you be doing that much activity?” Albert said exiting the house with a tray of drinks he carried over to the small garden set.
“I, I can’t. I’ve never even held a gun before.” She said tears building in her eyes. “I can’t kill Irene; she’s a friend and a mother. Her child needs her.”
"Better?" She asked. Sherlock nodded. "Ok, we finish the show then we'll go home and you can rest."
=-=-=-=-=-=
“Not really much stock in that though is there?” The woman said running her hand up his arm, she was cold “That just paves the way for Sherlock and John to become a happy little family with the baby”
Willa looked at Marisol and the two hurried over and hugged him gently. He furrowed his brow but allowed it.
“It's been four months since the explosion on Baker Street I tell Sherlock I'm fine but I'm not. I’m barely sleeping I hardly eat it's not the same I'm so utterly and deeply in love with him but she was my wife even with everything she did to us and others I still loved her in way and a part of me still does. I look at Rosie my beautiful daughter and I can't help think when she's older she'll hate me not for being with Sherlock because I didn't save her mother. They tell me it's not my fault they tell me it was Mary's choice. But why? Was it her choice because she knew she was dead there was nothing that could be done? Did she choose to be dead because she felt sorrow and regret for what she did in the past, before she met me or did she choose to die so I could be with Sherlock? Did she think I didn’t love her? None of these options are better than any other they all frankly are fucked up. She shouldn't have had to die at all no one ever really deserves to die well except Moriarty and Moran. Mary wasn't evil she's just a woman with a job she was an assassin and government operative. I was a soldier I, I killed people not like her but I did shoot and I did kill people. I'm also a doctor I should be saving lives, not taking them. I joined the military because I craved action I craved danger. I've been through all this before you know psychiatrists specialist figuring out my mind. But you know that already. I was suicidal when I met Sherlock I planned on killing myself but there's something about him that changed me he save me I didn't realize it right then I was falling in love with him we said I love you we said we'll live together we are living together, we share a bed every night but I still feel so guilty I see her face every time I try to sleep I replay that day in my head it comes as nightmares. I’ve gone back to work but my patient list is low, who wants to see an ill insane doctor? I feel like I'm on that edge again and I'm so scared that Sherlock is not going to be able to save me this time”
Sherlock stared up at the ceiling, the same wood fiber ceiling tiles found in hospitals everywhere, even the shabby little aid station in Serbia where Mycroft took Sherlock for a quick check over even had them.
“Leave him alone” John shouted.
John was starting to put on weight too. He hadn’t thrown up after a meal in almost a week and he was up to eating more than one or two bites.
“A fire that is easy” Sherlock said as he started to pace again.
“it’s alright Doctor Watson. No one blames you or Sherlock. You kept London safe from those two terrorists for years. Sherlock even sacrificed himself for you, but you got him back. I think the universe is trying to tell you that you are destined to be together” Karen softly said.
“I knew you wouldn’t be gone long” She said giving him another hug “I’ll put some tea on” She said headed to her flat as the others headed upstairs.
Mycroft nodded and helped her to a seat between his siblings.
Before it reached his neck he saw another hand in his peripheral vision reach over and take it, too small for John’s, then he saw his mother’s face come into view.
Sherlock and John ran for the stairway doors only to find them locked and unmoving. The voice began to sing.
John was still asleep they said he would be for a while with the medication. The bullet had entered through his 6th rib, skimmed along his lung and though his diaphragm and liver, ricocheting of the 7th rib in the front and coming to rest in the 8th rib at his side. He’d been in surgery a while. Repair work was done to his diaphragm and liver. Sherlock was grateful they were able to save what was left of his liver from the attack by Moran.
“You can’t Myc look at four months ago. And I know your life is dangerous and I am fine with that. It’s like john choosing Sherlock. We are willing to live with the danger to be with the man we love.” Greg replied sitting up and leaning on the table. “So tell me now. Who is Willa and why was she cut out of the Holmes family portrait.”
Greg still felt bad for bringing it home with him, but wasn’t like Mycroft didn’t bring work home with him he did all the time in fact tonight he was currently sitting in his home office on a conference call with the United States something about a lead from Moran to an organization there. The MET even had put together special task force looking into everything that had gone on with Moran. There had to still be some more links and loose ends out there. Moriarty’s network had been big, but not that big and not that well-funded not without links to some criminal organization or another and no such link could be found tied to this latest attack.
He had to find a way to help John, to put him back together before he lost any of the pieces.
The job took Mycroft all over the world, and by proxy away from his family. Sherlock’s struggle with drugs got worse as his boyfriend used him. Mycroft was in Ghent, Belgium when he got the call that Sherlock was in the hospital.
“Thank you” John said to Karen as he turned to head to Diane’s office.
“What if..” Sherlock started
Sherlock had woken again. John just calmly talked as he put a hand on the man’s chest keeping him from trying to sit up. Sherlock had mumbled then passed out again.
As they got in the car Anthea handed Sherlock a file.
“Irene?” Sherlock asked
=-=-=-=
“Mycroft and Gregory have written their own vows. Mycroft will start” The officiant said.
“Might not be related, maybe they angered someone else.” John added.
“You killed people; you messed up people’s lives, all because you didn’t like HOW your family loved you.” John was fuming.
“Mycroft, I give you this ring as a symbol of my love for you. Let it be a reminder that I am always by your side and that I will always be a faithful partner to you." Greg said sliding the ring onto Mycroft’s finger.
"You'll be Major in no time." Willa smiled. "You hungry? Once we're in the air We can raid the galley, they keep it well stocked."
“And Rosie’s bassinet can come over here too, she should be by her fathers” Sherlock replied
“It’s where I first saw it and first fell in love with its architectural design and beautiful grounds” Mycroft smiled
For the next hour and a bit, the two military doctors swapped stories with the young model about all the places they had visited and all the adventures they had gotten into.
Greg pulled Mycroft close and Mycroft laid his head on Greg’s shoulder.
“Ah yes of course, what would I do without you John” Sherlock smiled but still studied the specimen under the lens.
Greg looked down at the remaining food on his plate and just pushed it around. He piled up his paper work back into their folders and slipped them into his briefcase. He picked up the tray and returned it to the Kitchen. Tabitha looked up and smiled, then her smile faded.
“Well if we’re going all out I want one too” John said a real honest smile on his face.
“Did you injure your side my dear” Mycroft asked carefully turning his head and giving her a worried look.
“She is here with me, brother, can you not tell who’s voice this is” The voice read.
“You sure?” Greg asked with a smiled. Sherlock nodded.
“For when you are.. Jim what are you going to do?” She asked with worry.
Sherlock carefully felt the metal slats, they were not that thick. He couldn’t’ bend them but maybe if they could find bolt cutters they could free him.
“I guess yeah, payback for a lifetime in here.” John said
“Sherlock tried to solve it.” John said quietly “He was eight and the police dismissed him as a nosy child. It’s why he’s so insistent now. Why he makes himself heard. He never wants another case to go unsolved, let a killer go with no justice. So he makes himself heard. I started blogging about it. Not only to help me though my own issues but it spread the word about Sherlock more. So he could help more people.”
“They’re clothing is actually rather mismatched as well, I think the one on the far right is wearing a Megadeath t-shirt, next to him looks like an AC/DC t-shift with the sleeves ripped off” Anthea relayed what she saw to her boss
Rosie babbled and cooed then put out her foot to show Greg her sparkly pink sandals.
John wondered if it was a trap, go outside and get shot or something.
Sherlock was not himself, he was talking about concocting a case in his head to try and solve the mystery of the returning Moriarty.
“Liar!” Sebastian said slapping Greg across the face.
Mycroft stepped out and was met with Sherlock’s hand meeting his face.
“I broke my hip? I’m not that old.” Greg said with a pout.
“Victor Trevor? Your former dealer? I thought he was in jail.” John asked as he sat on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and held him close.
Karen hugged him. Her tall stature meant his head rested on her chest. Karen reached up and put her hand on his back.
“You mean two?” John asked
Sherlock looked at the magazine again, then at the television. What was that Sargent’s name, Sherlock had committed it to memory, but the meds mixed with the concussion and withdrawal were making his mind a bit fuzzy. Lester, Strand, Lestrade.
“It’s a form of survivors guilt John. You are here Mary isn’t, that she knew your true heart and that you really truly love Sherlock. From what you said of her last moments she wasn’t angry. You told me before the autopsy showed that she would have died no matter what, that the delivery of Rosie put too much strain on her body. You have said it before that a cesarean wouldn’t have been possible even if you had the equipment that it would have made things worse, for Rosie. Mary’s main concern and yours at the time was for the life and safety of your little girl. John I’d like you to join a support group. It meets on Monday nights and I feel that with you sharing your feelings and thoughts with others it will help.” Diane said as John just pulled his feet up under him in the chair “You don’t have to tell them what happened, they don’t need details just sometimes it’s good to talk with others who are going thought he same thing”
Mycroft tried hard to keep the man away even when they were at home in London but it was hard. Sherlock was crafty and knew how to shirk the watchful eyes Mycroft set on him. It's why Mycroft had hired Brody. He'd wanted more security but the more he pushed the harder they pushed back. It didn't help that the agency meddled, they wanted happy models which meant they caved to the twins every wish. Brody and Mycroft suspected this included the dugs when Victor was not around. Brody had foiled several delivery attempts but still, the stuff made it though, and he would find them high and passed out in a hotel and green rooms, usually draped over other people and naked. They had taken to searching the people that were brought but was no effect.
Irene looked around the room and then went to Sherlock. She leaned in and gently kissed his forehead, this drew a raised eyebrow from Mummy Holmes.
“Just leave him John it will be fine till the paramedics get here” Mary said, there was pain in her voice.
Mummy and Daddy Holmes had come; Dad sat between Mycroft and Greg while Mum sat between Sherlock and John. There was a silent understanding that they were all going to be there for John when he awoke, would he remember what happened? How would he react to Mary being dead?
“This evening John would like to start off” Diane said as John shakily stood.
“So, what does it feel like to know you’re on the losing side,” Moriarty asked in almost a sing-song tone.
“Ashton?” Will looked up “You said you’d leave him alone.”
-=-=-=-=-=
“Willa is gone. She’s moved to America and has severed all ties with Ashton and I. The specialist I talked to said she had a professional break down caused by stress. That we are to leave it and she will reach out when ready.” Mycroft replied finishing his drink and pouring another.
Riley shuffled into the barracks. He smiled there was John fast asleep, his hands were going to be overly tanned from the sun beating in on them. Riley reached up and closed the window flap before sitting on his own bed. A shower would have been ideal but the men who were on duty today had already taken them over. Riley would have waited, but sleep was more important right now.
Sherlock pulled John into his arms as they reached the center of the restaurant; they started swaying to the music as John kissed Sherlock tight. Sherlock did love to dance.
The Officiant began a few words of greeting, then a small poem before smiling.
“You just sit here I am going to go up and check on Sherlock and Mary.” John said stiffly standing.
He was sure Moriarty was dead but he also said he knew what he would do next.
John looked up at the building; if you didn’t know better you would think that nothing had ever happened there. Even Speedy’s was fully rebuilt. It had taken the owners a while to reopen though. John couldn’t blame them.
Sebastian tried to fight them but the dark void took hold.
Sherlock just smiled as they headed to the Bed & Breakfast.
Sherlock held his arm for support.
Greg smiled and kissed Mycroft.
“We have so much catching up to do.” Sherlock said
“My mind is rotting without stimulation,” Sherlock replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The doctors said Willa would never wake up. So we went along with Sherlock’s rewritten memories. Mum and Dad would visit her while we were in school.” Mycroft said looking down at his hands. “Then she woke. Against all odds she woke up, just before her 4
“I wanted to tell you earlier, but I couldn’t. I am sorry. It’s why none of us talk to her. That and she’s become so rude, just like her father.” Carol said.
The pain hit first, Sebastian just looked down at the hole in his chest and the blood spreading and staining his shirt.
“No behave Sherlock. The bridles of the past have been known to have a rope on them to be pulled. My bridle was specially designed for my use on you. It has a chain. And I have enlisted two of my men to take turns yanking it when I give them a signal” Eurus said as she walked around the small shed by the house. She could see everything from here.
A loud clanging noise sounded down the end of the parking garage as the light when out and the emergency power came on. The intercom crackled to life.
He got cocky, he assumed the baby was alone; he assumed he could just walk in and snap the child in two before going back to the front and killing Sherlock.
After a three almost four week stay in the hospital John and Sherlock were released. Mycroft had a room set up for them at his house, Sherlock while grateful for the extension of caring had a first been weary of moving in with big brother.
“She’s already on such thin ice if the papers are to be believed. Then again if Sherlock is the way he is, and they’re twins.” Sally trailed off.
“Better you can see they removed the ventilator. So hopefully he will be waking soon.” Sherlock replied.
“Ok, well then what crime do I need to solve to save Mike” Sherlock asked. John was pacing.
But his housekeeper had made then feel very welcome. It had been a month since the explosion. Sherlock still had to wear a neck brace but it wasn’t as bulky as the first one, and after yesterday’s physio appointment he was finally allowed to go without the immobilizer on his shoulder. John was doing well. A few nightmares on a couple of occasions but Sherlock was able to calm him.
The bone saw, still rotating as the explosion rocked the morgue, came to rest on her chest. The blade now embedded in her sternum, the pain that radiated trough her body with every breath was stabbing. The body she had been working on was now laying on her, the blood running down and mingling with her own.
"No they aren't but your seventh rib is dislocated." Will said, "Lean on me."
“Why do you pick on her so much?” John asked.
He hated paperwork when he was a patrol constable; he really hated it when he was in narcotics and vice even still hated it when he was a detective sergeant and detective inspector. Take all that paperwork times that by fifty and you had the paperwork load of a DCI. He didn’t want to bring work home with him, but he had to it was the only way he could get caught up. The higher ups knew it was an adjustment and they knew that it was a lot but it had to be done. They had let the position sit empty for a few months as there was no other suitable replacement till Greg was back. It had resulted in a lot of backlog. Especially with all the stuff that had been damaged and lost in the explosion that now had to be re done or restored and re catalogued and archived or sent to lawyers for trials.
“You would be an even better operative” Greg said “Sometime the mind misses things the heart knows.
I am sorry if I turned off some with the Original Holmes character.
Mycroft did up his seatbelt and looked out the window. There was no place like London. Once upon a time, when he was younger Mycroft may have agreed with Sweeney Todd that There's a hole in the world like a great black pit and it's filled with people who are filled with shit, And the vermin of the world inhabit it. But now that veil of loneliness and bitterness was lifted. And he saw London for what it truly was. It was a bright shining star, a cultural melting pot. Some would want to see that fall but London was a progressive town, it always had been from its first settlement as Londinium in 43 AD by the Romans. Mycroft turned and looked at Greg. Greg didn’t like landings, or take offs, but he was doing well.
Sherlock ducked down into the treeline of the woods. It was getting dark.
“My god, if Willa was three Eurus was four” Greg said. “A four year old trying to kill a three year old.”
Molly wiped the tears from her eyes.
John hung up and turned to Mrs. Hudson.
You think after the scandal in Dubai with him and the prince's betrothed son it would have been obvious to the masses which team he played for.
“My Dearest Gregory. We had a rough start, I can be closed off. But you have stuck with me though think and thin. Through dangers untold and hardships unnumbered you have won your way here into my heart beyond the ice wall I had built to win my love to reactivate my emotions that had been locked away, for you will is as strong as mine and our love is great. You have a wonderful enchanting power over me! I vow that I will Comfort you when Arsenal loses I be there after long nights of hard cases. You are the love of my life and you make me happier than I could ever imagine and more loved than I ever thought possible... You have made me a better person. I take you to be my partner for life, I promise above all else to live in truth with you, And to communicate fully and fearlessly, I give you my hand and my heart. As a sanctuary of warmth and peace, and pledge my love, devotion, faith and honor as I join my life to yours.”
“I don’t like Wednesday’s” Sherlock said with an almost pout.
"Ok, Are we dropping both of you off at the flat or are you going to Ashton's?" Brody asked
“You do know it’s lunchtime right?” Janice asked with a smile. “But I mean we do have the day off so if you want to lounge about that’s fine, you two deserve all the sleep you can get.”
“No, no” She said with a small smile “We’re fine”
“No” Sebastian replied voice dripping with anger “We got to St. Bart’s and to the Met but the military is back online, you said the city would be shut down for the day. We showed up at the Diogenes and the military is already there.”
“I’ve dispatched teams but reports are coming back that the streets around the explosions are barricaded” Anthea reported as two more agents entered
John’s throat tightened and his eyes started to sting as the plane flew off.
“More than ever” Greg smiled as they made their way to the garden.
Sherlock sighed as he looked at the picture. It was not a combination or a padlock; this was a lock that only opened with a finger print. Who’s finger print though?
=-=-=-=
He leaned down and nipped at Sebastian’s neck before biting down hard on the former marine’s collar bone.
“Well on to Baker Street before we lose that too” Sebastian hollered at Dalton as he watched an ambulance pulling away.
The weather outside was perfect not a cloud in the sky, and it wasn’t supposed to change anytime soon. The guests were gathered in the garden. The chairs were under the shade with a spectacular view of the surroundings.
On one side the tall, athletic man royal marine tattoo on his bicep and his light brown hair buzzed into the traditional close-cropped marine style. Fighting alongside his was a smaller man who looked out of place. He was too polished for this rugged camp. John had never seen either in that camp before.
“Hello Sherlock, Hello, brother.” A trembling voice said on the line. “You will find Mike, or rather what’s left of him.” The voice paused you could hear the fear and the crying in her voice. “At 44 Eaton Court. The former resident is not to happy, but then again she was never going back there?”
“I clarified with you that you said shoot, so I shot him.” Sherlock replied. “If you wanted something else you should have been clearer.”
He looked up, Willa was standing by Greg hand on his forehead, as John checked his pulse.
“And if you ever need anyone to talk to, between us we’ve got four good ears,” John said. Sholto just nodded.
“He’s hardly innocent though. He brought Sherlock to Baskerville. Sherlock broke into Baskerville and his meddling brought about the end of some experimentation that I was enjoying. I loved watching the progress.” Eurus said
“John” Sherlock answered at the same time.
Mary sighed and curled up on the couch.
“Good, Mycroft deserves to be happy” Sherlock gave a small smile.
“Sorry, phones were in the kitchen. What’s wrong? Did you find Victor Trevor?” John asked heading back into the bedroom. Sherlock was awake and getting dressed while Rosie still slept in their bed.
“NO they need to stay here we need to get them ready for what is coming.” Eurus gave an eerie smiled and left.
“Don’t worry Irene he is fine, just gave him a bit too much made him sleep. He’ll be fine” Eurus said laying the child on the bed.
Daddy and Papa Lestrade-Holmes were doing an amazing job with Elijah. He spent mornings in the MET daycare and evenings watching Footie or listening to classic rock with his fathers.
“What did you say?” Eurus asked.
The two men looked at him then at each other. Their faces were not hard to read, they were angry. But what else could they do? It was them and their small team of men against an entire base.
Lestrade turned as he heard the car pull up. He gave a small smile as he saw Sherlock step out.
“Hello Captain Watson, forgive me if I don’t salute, I’ve always had a problem with superior officers” Sebastian smiled
He looked over at Mycroft he had just exited the changing area. Gone were the polos, tee-shirts and jeans, and kakis he’d worn on vacation, back into the three piece fine pressed suits. Not that Greg would complain, he loved how tailored the suits were to Mycroft’s body, how they showed every curve and contour.
John got on the train car and was not surprised to see that there were no seats. He made his way over to the nearest pole and took hold of it. As he did a young woman stood.
Elijah was nearing his 4
“I was so scared I had lost you” Greg said choking back tears.
My chapters vary in length as I just sort of end them where (to me) they seem to naturally end.
“No!” John cried as he tried to stand only to have the muscles in his stomach tighten and cause him to wretch again. “It’s, it’s not physical, I’m losing it Sherlock, I’m losing my mind and my body is suffering. I don’t work late on Wednesdays I go see a therapist, her name is Diane, and, I, shouldn’t be hiding this from you. Mary hid so much from me, a whole entire life and look where that almost got us, you dead in Magnusson office and”
“I am sick of your lies and hiding things from me Mycroft. I have been 100% honest with you about everything and now I find that you have a sister who was signed into adoption after an accident. That you tried to erase all traces of her from the Holmes line, you were denied the authorization of course. But now, You look after her. This is her place. Dora Wilhelmina Anne Holmes became Wilhelmina Anne Masterson on February 19
Getting them in was easy. Setting up this little operation was harder. Who would have guessed how hard it was to secure 20 heavy industrial garbage trucks and fill half of them with sand. It was harder than getting the mole detonators into the country, the rest just fell into place with a few well-placed bribes.
“I have his number and I will text him next time.” John smiled as Sherlock’s phone dinged.
“Why don’t you just text Brodie directly?” John asked
“Hello Sherlock” A smooth male voice came over the intercom. “Remember me?”
“Really Eurus riddles.’ Mycroft spoke up “are we to revert to childhood games.”
“Yes” He replied and Diane went to stand in the middle of the group.
“One moment” Mycroft said from inside
Greg at the time was married, but still there was something about Mycroft that Greg found so appealing. Greg did love his wife, but Mycroft was just so tempting, and honestly back then there had even been some distance between Greg and his wife.
“She is still asleep and should be for a while longer.” Sherlock kissed Mrs. Hudson’s cheek “Thank you for looking after her.”
John just nodded.
Elijah put down his toys and ran to his mum. Irene picked up her son and held him close.
Where was Irene and was she with Elijah? Were they alright? There were some calls to the Hotel from an English number but beyond that the number was untraceable. Looked like multiple burner phones.
They were facing off against two American’s that had been fixtures here for a while. Kerns and Dewitt if John memory served his right. Kerns and Dewitt were an even match for the Marine. Standing at 6’2 feet 190 pounds give or take, Kerns about the same and Dewitt at 6 220. But the other the smaller guy matched their height but was 130 pound if that and almost zero muscle. But he was holding his own.
He had been open, honest, he said how he was feeling. That was supposed to make it better right? He had deiced that he needed to see Mary’s grave, he started to make a plan to get better, that was supposed to help, right? Then why was he feeling as bad as he did the first day he went to see Diane?
=-=-=
For as much hate that Jim could project towards others, for all his blowing up old ladies who veered from the script to poisoning children for the fun of it, Jim could be loving, from caring for Sebastian after a recruit turned on them, shooting Sebastian in the leg to cooking amazing dinners for two. Plus he was a beast in bed. That man had stamina that lasted for days.
“Eventually.”
Mycroft just motioned for them to go to the office.
“Got him to eat, really, what’s your secret?” John almost laughed
The song used in Greg's vows is by Fleetwood Mac
“They were careful with you, they still need you, and Mr. Lestrade, and me. We’re part of the audience.” Willa said looking past John at Greg. You and I are here for Sherlock, Mr. Lestrade for Mycroft. They’re my brothers.”
“What dates in July do you have available” Mycroft asked
John put Rosie’s bib back on and the wedding party along with Mummy and Daddy headed into the reception room to prepare for the newlywed’s grand entrance.
“Look at the spatter and look at the smears.” Sherlock instructed, he used the marker to better illustrate and highlight the smears. Familiar symbols appeared.
“You going to call your parents?” John asked as they entered the cool air-conditioned building.
This was a spark of an idea from a friend, she wants to see it in print so here it is.
“For now, I have seen where it doesn’t fully hit a person until the rehabilitation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  phase starts”   Daddy Holmes replied as he went to the closet to find Mycroft’s jacket. They were going to send everything to laundry but hadn’t got around to it yet.
I that am lost, oh who will find me?
“Now I can see why you weren’t a keeper” Andrew laughed as. Greg retrieved the ball from the net.
“Papa” She said again “Wuv”
“None of what happened four months ago was Sherlock’s fault” Greg replied
Then word came of Sherlock’s exile. Sebastian panicked everything they had planned was for London. It had to be London.
“Wait you never said they were on a time limit” Greg called out “That’s not fair.”
“Hello Greg” Mycroft said as Greg put away the football equipment.
“Very good honeybee” Sherlock smiled.
John felt lost as the plane left the tarmac, as his knees weakened he struggled to stay upright. Mary held his hand and while he as grateful for the support he was also so angry at her as much of this had been brought on by her. If she hadn’t shot Sherlock this would not have gotten to this point, if Sherlock had been able to go ahead with his original plan in Magnusson’s office...
Greg stepped out of the shower as the water started to turn cold. He would have to try and sit down with Mycroft and have a serious conversation.
“In the study love!” He called back.
A rock or chunk of debris hit her shoulder, it too every ounce of will she had left not to flinch or make a sound.
“Oh I” Molly stammered
“OK, what window where are you?” John asked
“Please find out if everyone is ok” Molly said as the Paramedics came to kneel by her and began working.
“Irene Adler go to the bedroom wake up Sherlock, I will get Mrs. Hudson and we have to go, Call Mycroft and Lestrade and tell them to leave where they are and call Molly too.” John said giving Mary Sherlock’s coat and heading downstairs. There was another deep rumble that stopped John in his decent down the stairs. The rumble got worse as Mrs. Hudson came out of her flat and started up the stairs to ask John if this was another of Sherlock’s experiments.
“Let me see him.” Mycroft spoke up.
Sherlock carefully held John’s arm as they made their way down the hall. John had agreed to go to the group therapy session. Sherlock, with Rosie in her snuggly, agreed to go to for the journey with John. John had gotten a little better over the weekend. He had eaten and it had stayed down. It was just one medium sized meal a day but Sherlock was pleased, it was a great improvement.
“I, I had my suspicions.” Greg finally spoke. “There were signs, but I just didn’t know what to do.”
“Maybe we should go make sure” Sherlock said standing.
“Not the answer I want Gregory” Sebastian said. A shot ran out, a small gasp of pain escaped Donovan’s mouth. “That was in her leg, she can survive a bullet in the leg, with enough help. Next one is in her head.”
They wove a good story about how some other private firm was trying to do a frame up on them. The Wilshire just stared at them blank-faced as they spoke. He then held up his hand to stop them.
“Greg is not a goldfish!” Mycroft said gritting his teeth.
John took a deep breath and pushed himself to a sitting position. A wave a pain and nausea and pain hit him, but he pushed on, much to the protests of Mummy Holmes, Once he swung his feet over the edge of the bed she gave up stopping him and shifted to helping him, making sure his IV bag and line didn’t get pulled out. John weakly shuffled across the small gap between the beds and started to climb up next to Sherlock.
With that Mycroft left.
“John would you like to start or would you like to listen for a bit first?” Diane asked
-=-=-
John reached up and cradled the back of Sherlock’s head in his hand and kept him tight against his lips.
“My, my John listen to that anger.” Eurus smirked.
“How are your wedding plans coming along?” Molly asked as John and Sherlock gave her a hug.
“You are going to tell me the truth” Sebastian said standing. He took the gun from the holster, and aimed it into the elevator. “Tell me what really happened on that roof top, or she dies”
“So how will we tell you apart on your next tour?” Sholto asked “Captain Sutter or Captain Watson Squared. Unless one of you gets promoted, but that will be awkward having to salute in bed.”
Greg opened a new file and started to read. He clenched his fist and slammed it down on the table. He closed the file and took it upstairs with him to get dressed.
“You are no intrusion, you are a friend of Sherlock and John’s and of Greg, and you are a very valuable part of their lives” Daddy Holmes said with a smile. “I know they feel horrible that you were injured as well” Daddy Holmes continued as he helped Molly settle.
“Has been dead for 15 years” Sherlock interjected “You were a big boy by them, well placed in the government. And what do you chose to do. Not tell me the truth, but rather you try to bury it and erase her from all records.”
“Sherlock,” Willa spoke up “Go get John. I’ll be fine.”
“NO” Sherlock and Mycroft called.
“I’m heading to Baker Street now, it better still be under my men’s control and I better get to be the one to kill them, if they aren’t already dead.”
The paramedics started asking Sherlock questions and he wasn’t sure how to answer. So he told them everything. The paramedics attached monitors to John’s heart.
Mrs. Hudson cried at hearing that.
Sherlock jolted away by the screams tried to sit up only to have Daddy place a reassuring hand on his chest as Mummy went and sat on the bed next to John.
“This is the part where the wedding couple have their first dance. Now Greg thinks this is supposed to take place on this dance floor here with this wedding band there. But not quite.” The curtain dropped covering the band area and some movement could be heard as Dimmock continued “Mycroft was in charge of the music for the reception and he really went all out. Mycroft and Greg chose a unique but not unheard of song for their first dance. A song from their mutually shared favorite band, not their personal ones but the band who’s songs have been there in the defining moments in their relationship. This song is written as a love note from the author to his wife, but still the lyrics hold true to the love of Greg and Mycroft. When the singer sings
Jim gave a wicked smile. “I am, but not for any food”
“Oh heaven’s no it’s the one I offer Mycroft when he’s over” Sherlock replied.
Mycroft had introduced him to her way back when they first started dating. She was sweet. She was around 6 feet tall, her waist length hair was almost entirely black except for a wide white streak on the right side. Over a scar from the accident that killed her birth family, she had said.  She played the cello like no one Greg had heard before, so flawlessly and the melodies she played were so hauntingly beautiful.
“Did you tell him about me?” Eurus asked.
Molly knocked the plate off of the counter sending it smashing to the ground.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade, you look a little disheveled, long day?” the man asked as he came to kneel in front of Greg “Do you know who I am.”
I post links on Instagram and Tumblr to my stories and someone asked me about my descriptions of stuff and what’s around the area. I go off of Google maps and for what’s around 221B Baker Street I go off of what is on the real Baker Street even though the one on screen is on North Gower.  For the MET I am using the old location on Victoria and Broadway even though they have moved into their new headquarters on Victoria Embankment back in November of 2016, but I am going off the thought that S4 is not set in 2017 as it starts right after Abominable Bride. So yeah, that’s how I come up with places and things around Baker Street, The MET and the Diogenes. Thank you to my friend Rhodey-Loves-Tony (not her URL she won’t let me link) for the question
“Karen!?” John asked “Why is she here. Leave her alone.”
“Put that down” Sebastian said trying to sit.
“Everyone, all 12 of them, lost someone because of us. Karen, she’s a frail young thing, lost her husband and her son in Speedy’s, she’s a cancer survivor, planning a trip to Paris Disney to celebrate. And she lost her world in an attack meant for us” John said voice cracking “She recognized me, told me it wasn’t my fault, Diane said the same thing. But they are wrong, it is our fault. WE seek the danger we crave it, and now so many others have suffered for it. Lestrade, Molly, even Mycroft and Anthea, tt’s all our fault they got hurt. And more importantly it’s mine. You dove off the roof, you jumped to save me. And that is what angered Moran the most. That I got you back and he didn’t get Jim back.”
“We need to pick ceremony music as well.” Mycroft said as they got in the car.
“No, I don’t have any patches on me and I just needed a taste.” Sherlock said as he shoved his hand in his pockets. Sherlock hadn’t smoked in a long time, he still hid a carton of cigarettes in the Persian slipper by his chair and he still kept a box of nicotine patches on the top shelf of the medicine cabinet in the washroom, but he never used them. He hadn’t needed too. Even through every setback John had in his recovery after the explosions Sherlock held fast, being the rock John needed. Now he was crumbling. This was more of a shock to Sherlock than anything that had happened over the last 6 years.
Elijah was crying still, the creak and groan of the branches mixed with the soft sound of the saw blowing in the wind.
Greg and John smiled. The photographer they hired to document Greg took a few photos of Rosie and Greg. Some of John and Rosie then the three of them together. Mycroft had a photographer of his own. Greg was looking forward to seeing photos Mycroft and Sherlock interacting.
“Thank you; it was my grandfather’s name.” The woman smiled
“July 6
Moriarty gave Sholto and D’Helley an almost eldritch smile as they led them back to their bunk.
He wanted to kiss Sherlock harder and pull him in tight but he couldn't at this angle.
"Like he took care of you before?" Willa said carefully watching as Brody moved on the tarmac overseeing the unloading of luggage. "How many times can we say you fell in the shower."
All the single and just dating people were called out onto the dance floor and were instructed to put on the provided paper blindfolds from the children’s party section of the pound store.
She heard the yelling, John and another male; she heard the banging, fighting, and then the silence.
Molly teared up, all this death all this destruction all from the anger of one man and all born from revenge. She knew revenge could be a powerful thing but this, this was beyond comprehension.
“Barricaded with what?” the agent asked as he logged on to a computer.
Sherlock watched the scene in front of him. Willa raised the gun her arm shaking. She closed her eyes and pulled the trigger. The others jumped Irene screamed.
“Fine so you weren’t in on the killing of Moriarty, Mycroft just wanted to protect his little brother. Didn’t want his boyfriend getting involved. But I know major crimes handled the body, and the aftermath. Where is Jimmy buried?” Sebastian asked
“Moriarty has to be dead” Sherlock started “He blew his brains out, no one survives that and even if they did their mental and physical capacity would be greatly diminished.”
Molly and Anthea quickly fixed their hair before the group headed back outside.
“They’re good aren’t they?” Judy said “My mother bought them they’re organic and fair trade and sweet and sour and expensive” Judy giggle
“Serial killers get fans.” John added “Wouldn’t be far off for someone to do the same to Sherlock and Moriarty. The blogs are public.”
“So true, but now I have Rosie to help me with that.”
“Oh John there’s an awful lot blood” Mrs. Hudson said worry in her voice.
Greg smiled as he put on his jacket.
There would now be pictures lining his various shelves in his and Greg’s offices and at home. Mycroft would never forget the look of pure wonderment and joy as Greg fed the giraffe and Mycroft still felt giddy over getting to feed a baby elephant.
Irene turned and watched as Elijah cheerfully played with the action figures he had been given. Their captor was a cruel woman but she had been taking good care of Elijah, no doubt just wanting to keep him happy till he fulfilled his role within her plan. They were all here to be her toys.
Mary gave a cry from behind him and he turned and rushed over, his little one was coming and he was going to be the one bringing her into the world.
“I’m sorry the correct answer was… Tombstones… Which is what dear Henry will be needing shortly” Eurus said as a shot ran off.
“Baker street too” Greg said as he struggled to stay awake.
“Please do not punish Sherlock for saving me. I really gave him no choice” Irene said reaching in her pocket. She turned and walked back to Sherlock’s bedside. “Give him this to read when he is able”
“I am still me just diminished” Jim replied walking away from her and starring out the window. “And I want to go out on my own terms while I still can”
“Well, it seems these guys worked out of a base near Kabul where Kerns and Dewitt were stationed on their last tour. Supplied when missing and a majority of the base blamed these guys, said they sell it on the black market. But no proof could be found, and it didn’t matter anyway they were long gone.” One of the nurses, Janice, said from John’s other side. “These guys said their names are Moran and Moriarty, but Kerns said they were going by Wallace and Shaw in Kabul.”
“More or less, I did sustain some damage, but I will endeavor to regain my full health” Mycroft replied. Greg furrowed his brow; he was still too groggy for full conversation. He tried to sit up, but stopped at pain washed over him.
"I don't hear you complain when he supplies you your comfort concoction" Sherlock snapped.
“Battery is dying, stopping the video chat, will call back.” John said “Going to have to put phone in pocket to climb stair case anyway”
Willa didn’t move from Irene. Eurus sighed, and then Willa jerked away with a yelp.
Soon, soon she would make her move, but not too soon. She had to make sure that they were settled and not expecting anything.
Sherlock stood on the street corner, cigarette hanging in his lips.
“It’s ok. You did what you could” she said giving Irene’s hand a squeeze.
Sherlock looked up at the knock on the door, there was that detective. He didn’t call him yet.. or did he?
Love Ain’t for Keeping ended and The Rain Song by Led Zeppelin started. Mycroft counted the bars in the music then started forward. His concentration focused on keeping his strides even. He had learned to walk all over again after losing his leg and now he was so grateful to still be alive. His heart soared as he rounded the corner and saw Greg. Greg’s smile was radiant and he looks so handsome.
birthday. Our Uncle Rudy, a brilliant but odd fellow, decided that for Sherlock’s mental stability that Willa could not return to the family. So he told us she was killed in a fire. I did not find out the truth till I was 19 and went to work for Uncle Rudy. Willa was 10 and was in a loving home with Uncle Rudy’s secretary as her mother. She believed that her birth family was killed in an accident. I didn’t even have to hide my name. Sherlock’s she call Sher, I was always Cake. Sherlock taught her that. He was always a brat.”
“See if we can look into any activity she had after last Sunday. See when she left the apartment and try to see where she went.” Mycroft relayed to Anthea who nodded and typed away into her blackberry.
“I know, but where are you?” John asked again.
“Oh, no, no, I’m not really good with children.” Irene said standing “I shouldn’t stay too long.” She handed Mummy a card “Please call me when they wake, I would like to talk to them”
“Oh ok” Greg said looking back at the folder “Late night crepe station, late night cheese board of cheese tower, late night nachos. After all that food earlier having all that seems overkill”
“Is this why you called me here?” Mycroft asked “To gloat about knowing pubic information.”
“It’s rare but an electric shock can trigger an acute myocardial infarction. It’s a little different to treat since the underlying causes are not really all there. Yes Greg was a smoker, and drinks. But there are not really any blockages.” John said as he read over the test results. “I can treat him for this.”
“Tabitha, please call Greg” He said with a smile
Sherlock held Rosie tight with one arm and raced forward scooping up the little guy before he reached the water. He fussed but Sherlock held him close as he walked back to the woman who was carefully standing, as he neared Sherlock noticed a brace on one of the women’s legs.
“Sounds like a plan” John said with a yawn.
Sherlock shivered and John pulled the blanket up around him. Sherlock gave a low moan. John kissed his forehead before getting up.
As Brody left he saw the sports car pull up. Sherlock had wasted no time in getting Victor over. He better not mess up this week. Not for himself, not for Marisol and not for Willa.
Her shoulders were now out. John carefully slid his hands under her shoulders and started to gently pull. Slowly her torso and hips appeared followed by her legs and feet. He laid her on his arm stomach down and gently tapped her back, he cleaned her nose and mouth and soon the sound of a tiny cry filled the air.
Mycroft smiled and squeezed Greg’s hand tighter.
“Myc?” Greg asked looking up at him with worry.
“Eurus, she was incandescent even then. Our abilities were professionally assessed more than once. I was remarkable, but Eurus was described as an era-defining genius, beyond Newton.” Mycroft said.
“Sorry!!?” Sebastian echoed
"Until you get bored with Aston or he gets fed up with a long distance relationship, you'll crawl right back to it," Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
Sebastian turned and looked down the hall into the kitchen. John and Sherlock were hooked to IVs and were being treated and moved onto stretchers, John was lifted up first as the paramedics where working on getting a collar on Sherlock and a backboard under him.
“Oh… oh… ok” Mycroft gave in as he ran his hands down Greg’s chest.
Mycroft sat in front of the fire in the study. The brandy sniffer carefully cupped in his hand, the empty decanter sat on the side table in front of him. The last twirls of smoke floated off his cigar as the embers died. Mycroft had never gotten himself into a situation that he couldn’t talk and charm his way out of, until now.
Sherlock’s face changed from that of sadness to anger.
“They’re from some sort of private security firm that the bases hired for the transport of civilian aid workers between bases,” Riley said motioning to the two strangers. “Apparently it’s cheaper to hire them then have the military guys moving around.”
“There’re not a lot of room on those, we’ll follow behind.” the medic said getting Sherlock to lay on a stretcher.
“Hello Molly, you look very nice today” Brodie said with a large smile, but a quiet calm voice that one would not expect from a man with a brawny Scottish highlander physique as he possessed.
“Had a few run ins with him on base in the month leading up to the ambush. He and his team thought they were pretty important. They botched a mission up near the Pakistan boarder and it killed civilians. So they were to be sent back, dishonorably discharged. Sebastian didn’t take kindly to that so he joined with the militant group. Looking back and knowing what we know now. I believe Moriarty had a hand in that.” John took a deep breath and squeezed Sherlock’s hand.
Sebastian fumed. Jimmy had died for nothing.
“I told you before I remember almost everything” Willa replied.
Sherlock looked down Rosie was starting doze in her snuggly again. Sherlock softly hummed her song. His phone beeped. John was done and was going to walk over to meet them at the park’s entrance. Sherlock stood and headed to the gate. John was already there when he arrived, sitting on a bench.
“Our contestants are starting to wake. Good” Eurus smiled. “Let the games begin.”
It had taken a lot out of the still healing Greg; the emotional toil was a lot to handle along with physio and a budding relationship, so the DI tended to sleep a lot.
John didn’t know what to say, or if he should say anything. He decided to let Sherlock compose himself and continue.
"No!" Sherlock feebly tried to grab Victor who just kept walking forward.
“Yeah, well not really, I mean she was bleeding and looking for her boyfriend... he didn’t make it,” Greg said looking down.
“OK.” Willa smiled “So I think Wonder Woman should dance with Thor and Black Panther with Batman.”
“Called it!” Sherlock smiled “John owes me 20 pounds”
“No not with his neck injury,” John replied “We need to wait till Mycroft sends his men”
The nodded as they say. Mycroft poured the tea as Greg looked though the vendor folder again.
“I thought I would try being a bit more human” Mycroft said looking at Greg “My wise husband let me know that caring and sentiment is not always a bad thing when dealing with life”
“You sustained quite a bit of damage to your stomach, they repaired it but it’s a slow heal, and you broke your hip” Mycroft explained
“I can’t do that.” Mycroft said taking another step back.
Anthea put a second pack of ice on the edge of the leg by the desk, and then went to the other desk to try and see if she could get back on the network and get help.
“Then you are a wonderful friend for helping out” The woman smiled “I’m Judy”
“Hello Brother” Eurus said as she gently braided her hair.
No wonder Sherlock had started sneaking meal replacement powders into his coffee in place of milk and sprinkling it on his food.
“Mrs. Hudson are you alright?” John said kneeling and checking her over.
“John Look at me” Mary said as she struggled to sit up. He did reluctantly “You get our daughter into this world and you make sure she is alright.”
Mycroft looked over the duvet at the sleeping form in front of him. Greg softly snored as the sun started to pass thought the small crack in the curtains.
“Hello Sweetie, Daddy is here daddy will protect you” John softly said “Papa is here too” He smiled looking up and Sherlock who smiled back.
With that Molly hung up. She buried her face in her hands and cried.
John started to wake his mind fuzzy with the events that had happened prior to him being this groggy awakening state.
“Go get Doctor Watson, pack up him and Wilhelmina along with Sherlock. I am going to put my dear brother though his ultimate test.” She said as she made her way out of the control room.
“There was a massive explosion, police, fire and paramedics will be on the way as is” Mary replied. Her breathing sounded off to John; Then again she was on her side with the bulk of Sherlock on her.
it is!” Greg said kissing Mycroft.
“Yes I spoke to your superiors, and you are both to be relieved of your duty here and sent back home. Apparently one of your other team members will send your stuff home from Kabul.” Wilshire replied, “Apparently this is not your first step out of line, and your company wishes to deal with it personally.”
Her hand touched something cold, a gun, she carefully removed Sherlock’s revolver and held it close as the door opened.
“We were targeted because we stopped a global criminal James Moriarty and we, well Sherlock and Mycroft brought down nearly his entire network. I’m sure you all remember the Holmes suicide from a few years ago. The Moriarty trial for breaking into the crown jewels. Sherlock faked his death. Moriarty did not. He had the world on a string and was ready to sever it but as fate would have it Moriarty took ill. A brain tumor. He though his coup de grâce would be taking down Sherlock. The man who was trying to end his criminal reign. He failed. The network was lost. What we didn’t know is that Moriarty had a heart under all the layers of hate and evil madness. He had a fiancé. A man named Sebastian Moran, a man I was familiar with. He is the one who gave me this” John said pulling down his loose fitting jumper from the neck to reveal the scar on his shoulder, a scar only two people in his life (other than doctors) had seen.
Sherlock sighed and stood and headed for the room. He opened the small sliding door and looked at the man on the bed. He was nice enough. Shorter than Sherlock would have chosen for himself, and a little older too. His close-cropped brown hair and the way he carried himself was a dead giveaway of his military background even before Sherlock saw the tattoo on his upper bicep.
“I am so sorry Molly” Sherlock said tears in his eyes.
Sherlock composed himself, made a grunt like noise then headed to the street.
Those one were surprisingly easier and now Greg stood looking out at the carnage in front of him.
“We will, eventually, let John heal.” Willa replied. Sherlock nodded “How is he doing?”
“I’m fine.” Sherlock said as he continued his pacing, getting slower with each step.
Irene Adler had disappeared again after her brief visit with unconscious Sherlock in the hospital. Everyone thought she would return she never did Anthea tried but couldn’t find out where she went. A team was sent to hotel that she owned in Greece but when they got there the found that her hotel been put up for sale no trace of Irene anywhere. This is disheartening and concerning why would she risk her life her freedom to tell them about the bombs show up in London to visit them say that she will return to visit Sherlock then not follow through on that promise?
Sherlock jerked out of his mind palace with a start. His face was pale and he was shaking.
“But you would look way better in the dress John,” Sholto remarked with a small smile.
He asked her why she did it. Her answer was simple. She wanted Sherlock to die.
“Time to head down” John said taking Rosie from Greg.
“It’s a ring” Anthea spoke up “it’s a single band sterling silver ring with black ceramic. It’s from the save the children line. He figured if he’s going to ask Greg to marry him, he should help a charity at the same time”
Eurus headed back to her bed and sat cross legged watching the monitor.
“Let’s forget lunch and see if some of those moves you talked about in the chatroom are as pleasurable in person” Jim said pulling him towards the bedroom.
“Well I say the police could have handled it.” Donny said still leaning in the door way
Greg pulled up in front of the house. The living room lights were on. He parked and entered. Elizabeth and Andrew were sitting in the living room, they had been crying.
They had been inseparable since. So yesterday, Mycroft had called to start the paperwork for he and Greg to adopt the young child. Sherlock never thought of Mycroft as much of a father, but Greg, that man was born to be an amazing father. Together the two would raise Elijah perfectly.
“I have a stack of cold cases waiting for him when he’s up to it. You just know he’ll drive everyone else bonkers if he doesn’t have anything else to do while bedridden.” Greg smiled
“But you do!” Greg said sitting on the edge of the desk. “The Mycroft I saw sitting beside his brothers bed in the hospital, holding his slightly less injured hand and telling him that he was there for him and would get him all the help he needed. The Mycroft I met at the Roadhouse, downing shots and shooting billiards while singing along to Eric Clapton, The Yardbirds and the Rolling Stones. I’m not saying you have to do all that in public, but please especially now, I need that Mycroft in my life”
“I need my mobile” He said
“Did you want a short private session John?” Diane said coming over. John just nodded. “Ok you let Sherlock know, go wait in my office, I will just tidy up here”
“They are bracing the floor beneath you so they can walk on it, bloody miracle that it’s still up with you on it.” Mike said with a smile.
Greg sighed and headed back to the study. What more was Mycroft hiding from him? She was too old to be a secret daughter? No he had photos of him and her and her mother in Blackpool.
“It’s ok Mrs. Hudson, there’s a lot more blood involved in child birth then the telly will have you believe, not very glamorous” John said as he gently reached a bit below his daughters head to grasp her shoulder to try and guide her out.
“I know… I have to call his family still. I told the Cos I’d handle that. By now the men back home will have already visited her. They will have pulled up in the fancy car in their dress uniforms, looking all polished. She’ll know exactly what that means. She saw it when she was younger, with her father, and last year with her brother. He does, did love her, but.”
“Hello Sherlock” Mikes voice answered “Did you figure it out”
Mummy Holmes reached over and took her hand
But then Irene called, she had some extra sensitive information that Jim could use in order to find out more information on a government plot he was looking to unravel. Who knew that then call from Irene would keep them in the game with Sherlock.
"Your breathing is off," Willa remarked
“I still can’t believe this is real, I have you back and now so much more.” She said tears brimming in her eyes.
"Thank you Sherlock" John said once his senses recovered. "That is exactly what I needed"
The nurse nodded and Rosie was moved.
“Wilhelmina had a good life, so did Sherlock” Eurus replied
Mummy and Daddy smiled. They knew deep down their so called little iceman had a caring heart.
The old lady knew how to handle a gun. She was scared when he entered but her hands were steady, the shot rang out before he could even reach the bed.
=-=-=-=-=
There was something hard around his neck, he tried to move it to turn his head but he could not, he tried to raise his left hand to see what was preventing this but it wouldn’t move either, it was held against him. His right hand was just as bad, it would move but not as fast as he would have liked it.
Of the five released Victor was the only one still loose. The others had all been rearrested with in the month after breaking the probation that had been at least put in place on them. But Victor was still out there.
As much as postmortems could provide a nice challenge for one’s brain, on a day like today Molly would prefer a more cut and dry cause such as a bullet wound or impalement. But no such interesting cases had been coming her way. She had a sinking suspicion that the rest of the lab was still handling her with kid gloves. Molly could have come back to work almost a month after the explosions, but chose instead to use some holiday time and travel to see some relatives in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
“It’s not just that Myc. It’s you keeping me at an arm’s length, hiding stuff from me. You hide so much and frankly it brings back a lot of memories of my marriage to Margaret.” Greg said tears building in his eyes “All the lies. The late night meet ups the trips with the other men.”
John returned to the chair and poured himself a tea and put a biscuit in his mouth holding it there with his lips while he settled the laptop back on his legs.
Molly made the three cuts on the torso that made up the Y incision, She carefully pulled back the skin and exposed the bones of the rib cage.
“Victor and I moved into a residence in Mayfair. There he kept me. I wasn’t his roommate. I wasn’t his boyfriend or even friend. I was his pet. Victor wasn’t just a drug dealer he was a drug designer. I was his test subject. If he got behind on the bills, or owed someone I would be lent as payment.” Sherlock stopped and stood. He looked in the mirror over the fireplace. “I was a shell, barely functioning. I was wandering back from making a payment on behalf of Victor when I stumbled upon a crime scene. I watched the police and saw what they were missing. So I offered my help, got arrested for my troubles. Victor beat me that night for being involved with the police. Lestrade found me passed out on the street. I had wandered out in the night. Lestrade took me in, got me to a hospital. He called Mycroft. I was put in my fourth and last rehab stay. Lestrade came to visit. Actually he came more than Mycroft. He wanted to know if my powers as he put it could be used on any case. So he gave me a choice. If I stayed clean I could have access to all the cases I wanted. The excitement, the high I got from working cases was better than the high any drug could give me. So I have been clean… more or less, since.”
“Greg” Mycroft answered
“I’ll stay in front of him.” Willa said. Sherlock gave a careful nod as Willa led them through the woods. “I remember Eurus, taking me to the well, telling me that if I didn’t behave I would wind up at the bottom. Mother found us. Eurus was scolded for leaving the house with me without telling anyone. Mummy wasn’t mad that Eurus left, but that she took me. I don’t think Mummy or Daddy ever meant to treat her like she wasn’t important. I think they were just overwhelmed. They had three bright, brilliant children and then one who was fragile in their eyes. My adopted mother told me my medical history. I was a very sick child, but I got better, I got stronger, I survived.” Willa gave small smile. “I think it was a few weeks after the well incident that Eurus pushed me. But all that around there, I don’t remember.”
“You bitch” Greg said anger filling his voice. “Where do you get off on doing this to innocent people?”
“Sorry, old habit” Sherlock smiled.
John bent and retrieved them. As he turned over the picture he froze, that face, those eyes, those crazy eyes.
“Um, Hello Sherlock. I was in the area and thought I would check on you and your sister.” Lestrade said from the doorway.
“Shall we go for another walk; the frogs are out by the pond we can listen to them sing.” Sherlock continued as he stood. Rose gave a cheer like coo. He smiled, and headed down to the pond in the park. He was correct the frogs were making plenty of noise.
Greg just smiled and kissed Mycroft as Mummy and Daddy Holmes entered the foyer.
Sherlock smiled as he entered the flat life had been going along nicely. Another case closed and he was looking forward to the quite night in with John and Rosie. My how she’d grown, She’d be two soon, and was quick to tell everyone she was getting a princess tea party in the palace. Mycroft was being super secretive but Sherlock was quite certain that one of the real royals would be there, Mycroft did like to spoil all of the new Holmes generation. Elijah was even enrolled in the same preschool as the royals, Rosie certainly wanted for nothing, Brianna Holmes- Everett already had a rather large education fund already started, and even young Charles Alexander Wellington-McTavish was spoiled.
Elijah thought about it for a minute. “ok” he smiled.
John read the sign on the door.
“Oh, and to think I like that damned Bison skull” Mary whispered before her body relaxed, her hand holding a curved shard of the bison’s horn.
“You’re wearing too many clothes Jimmy, You want to see what I can do you’re going to have to start stripping” Sebastian smiled
The mess tent was abuzz with what had happened in the rec area. Most were starting to spread the gossip. Many of the Special Forces people all said the same thing; the two privet security men were hustlers. That they took supplied from camp and sold them on the black market, and that they were playing both sides, helping out the Taliban as well as the allies.
“Well then it smells lovely Sherlock” John said as Sherlock began to serve it, big heaping bowls of tortellini and sauce for himself and Molly and a small bowl for John. Garlic bread tantalizingly sat in the middle of the table.
“I will be alright my love” Mycroft said as he eased himself up on the bed next to Greg. “There was irreparable damage to my lower leg so, it was removed. I have started some physio therapy but will not be fitted for a prosthesis until the stitches have fully healed.”
They all said hello then Diane introduced everyone the tall male ginger was Robert, the short ginger male was Thomas, there was an Alice, Suzanne, Donny, Mindy, Christopher, Killian, Josie and a Joey, Patricia and a Patrick and finally a frail looking woman sitting in the last loveseat with the open space beside her for John.
“Ah the mole detonator,” Mycroft mused with a small smile, “we had been looking to purchase some for our military but unfortunately all the dealers were a little too shady, even for my standards”
Greg looked at the stairwell as the men exited. The smile faded from Greg’s face. These men armed with heavy assault weapons were not the search and rescue squad, they were the ones who caused it.
John reached up and guided Sherlock’s lips to his. He pressed his lips against Sherlock as had as his body would allow him. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and hugged him in tight, sliding his hand down John’s chest and in between his legs. John moaned at Sherlock’s gentle touch, it sent shivers through his body. Sherlock smiled and continued as John bit down gently onto Sherlock’s lip.
“They have the best care, and I have been assured that while it will be a long road, they will recover.” He answered, “Marisol How is your little one?” He asked gesturing to her stomach. “Willa let it slip last week.”
“She was crying earlier. What you are doing is cruel. She doesn’t remember you, or Sherlock, or Mycroft.” Irene said anger rising in her
Sherlock ran his tongue along the length of johns neck and up behind his ear. He nipped at John’s ear before leaning the man back and kissing him.
Until then, let them enjoy normalcy.
“First photo she ever asked for was of Sherlock, the Willa, and then you, Greg, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson. Then Rosie.” Anthea said still looking down.
He carefully looked around. How the hell was how the hell was he supposed to get himself out of here let alone get Donovan out of the elevator and out of the building.
“No. Please just leave him be” Mycroft said.
“Can’t say I have sir.” Anthea said leaving the wall and carefully kneeling down by him again, she winced as she felt pull in her side. She began to check over Mycroft more thoroughly
He would finish this, for Jimmy.
“Daddy and Papa won’t be too long. We can come home and play more on your musical tablet” John said
“Let’s just say he won’t win any best butt contests” Anthea gave a small smile as she looked over at the doorway where Denny and Marco stood. Her smile fell. “What is Eurus’s end game?”
The two entered the elevator just as the rumble started.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John.
If she could get her shoulder in she would be in a much better position.
“Well I was desperate” Sebastian replied “Too bad you never shared Riley, bet he was amazing.”
Three days had passed since the explosions and they were still digging bodies out of all the wreckage sites. 372 dead at the MET alone, so many of the names sounded familiar to Molly, but the ones that hit the hardest were Dyson, Macintyre, Foyle and Donovan. They were ones who worked many of the major crimes she dealt with as well. Many more were administrative support that worked in the records keeping as those floors had sustained the most damage.
There was a crackle on the line then faint crying and asking for mum, Elijah!
“Perfect” Brodie smiled “I look forward to it”
So Sebastian and Jim aka Dublin692 set to meet in Dubai. Jim said he would be there on business. Sebastian had his flights from the Military, Jim would send someone to meet him at the airport and bring him to the hotel.
Sherlock looked down at the sleeping Rosie and over at John. His head and stomach hurt but he was not going to give in. He was not going to throw this all away.
“Well, I know an excellent Lawyer, the daughter of the man who represented me. She will help.” Carols said pulling Greg into a hug.
“Go enjoy your dinner” John said from where he knelt beside the toilet.
Willa smiled “Can’t hide anything from you can I?”
“That would be a viable solution but the murder scene, the bodies laid out just so, the splatter everywhere.” Sherlock mused
"Maybe.. wait who are you?" Marisol asked
“Of course Elijah who would you like me to be?” She asked with a small smile.
“Nothing too fancy, maybe a nice sit down then a pub quiz” Brodie replied
John and Sherlock were taking things slower. While John had cuddled next to Sherlock a few times while they still in the hospital they had separate ones at Mycroft’s. Rosie also shared their room. She was an amazing little one. Sherlock enjoyed lounging in the recliner with her sleeping on his chest.
Inside was a single folded note cards; the front of the note card was a black ink drawing of Great Britain. Sherlock opened the card and dropped it and its contents. How?
“Nonsense we will have an open bar” Mycroft replied
“Thank you Giles…” Sherlock started but then cut himself off “No, no, no more stupid game. You are a friend you are going to be family. You deserve respect. Thank you Greg” Sherlock said turning and facing the man.
“Greg Please” Mycroft said trying to follow, but by the time he reached the street Greg was in his car and heading down the street. Mycroft reentered the flat and glared at Anthea. “How did this file get into the task forces hands? This is high level security, this has everything in it and thank god Greg only read the first few pages.”
Sherlock stood and headed to the sitting room.
Sherlock just silently nodded and let go of John’s hands. He turned and took Rosie from Mrs. Hudson and held her close.
Sherlock gently hummed and soon John was asleep.
Lestrade just nodded as his phone beeped, it was the property owner, Marisol, letting him know where he could pick up the keys.
John and Sherlock tucked into the table at the front, the same table they first stat together all those years ago. When John was NOT Sherlock’s date, when Sherlock cured an adrenaline seeking war doctor of his psychosomatic limp, when John’s hand stopped trembling for good, when the Baker Street Boys were formed.
Anthea was shoved into the prison hospital.
“Sherlock’s mental state had been delicate since the accidental death of Willa. Mum and Dad do not know the truth either. Looking back do I regret it? Yes. Do I wish I could change the past? Yes. Can I do that now? No.” Mycroft said picking up the glass again.
“That would be wonderful.” Sherlock gave a small smiled.
“Where did your chew ring go?” Sherlock asked as he looked around the immediate area before seeing it down in the snuggly. Rosie giggled and cooed. Sherlock smiled “The meeting must have helped; your daddy is just staying for a little follow up with Diane”
“The answer you seek is in my song Sherlock. You should have been able to figure it out. But I am shocked, you are not as clever as you think, and neither is Mycroft. No longer be able to call yourself the smarter one.” Eurus said. “Shall we move onto the next activity?”
Sherlock focused on his breathing, in and out, in and out and the pain in his chest started to fade. Mummy pressed the button on the drip and soon Sherlock was sleeping again.
“Very good Sherlock, you’ve escaped and the child is saved. But in turn the water is falling harder on dear doctor Watson and Wilhelmina is burning.” Eurus said into the earpiece.
She was sweet and a bit shy, worried sometimes that she was saying the wrong thing. But she made Brodie smile.
“Ok” Greg whispered as he kissed Mycroft’s head just above his ear. “I won’t go. I’m sorry I yelled”
Mycroft frowned as he took the dress and headed out.
“Poor Molly, she’s had a broken heart so many times, mostly because of you, especially because of you. You treated her so horribly, but then again that’s how superstars treat groupies isn’t it. Then when she finally found someone he as you predicted turned out to be the world best criminal mastermind Jim Moriarty.” Eurus said as Molly started making her tea. “But she’s found love. Brodie is such a wonderful guy, such a highly decorated former military man. I have nor anyone in my network has ever met him but Molly doesn’t know that. Let’s break her heart again shall we. Let’s convincer her that her fiancé, the love of her life, is just another plant but someone out to get you.”
“We’re going to transplant him to the hospital. The bullet entered his lower chest and looks like he had a collapsed lung, the tube is working a bit but there might be an injury to his diaphragm.” The Medic explained as John was loaded on to the medical helicopter that had landed.
but none of which are in the dictionary so Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanokoniosis is the official longest word in the dictionary” Sherlock added.
Mrs. Hudson softly sang to the little bundle in her arm. The landlady was still sitting between Mary and Sherlock; John had placed a sheet over Mary and some towels around her trying to cover the blood. He couldn’t bear to look, not when he had messed up, he could have saved her, why did she pull the shard out? Why did she want to die? He and Sherlock said they would help her.
Daddy Holmes and Anthea both stood. As Mycroft’s eyes opened, he had stirred a few times in the last few days but this was the first time he opened his eyes.
“No, No leave her! Leave her alone” Greg’s cries echoes though the upper floor of the house. His body thrashed and lashed out as if fending off an invisible attacker.
Greg stretched and headed down stairs. The chocolate cheesecake brownies in the fridge were calling to him.
Eurus must stay hidden, not only for the good of Sherlock but for the good of the world. They had tracked Willa down. A letter arrived at Mycroft’s office. She wanted to disappear, to start over.
“Well then there’s a mouthful.” John gave a small smile as he ran his hand though Sherlock’s hair. He shivered.
The man turned and walked away.
“yes. Detective Sargent Gregory Lestrade of the MET. He and Sherlock have had some run-ins. Seems Sherlock has fancied himself an amateur detective in his spare time. Apparently, he helped solve two nasty murder cases and three cold cases.”
“I am going to have so much fun when all this comes to a head. But first I still have so much to do and a wedding to prepare for. The Government is marrying the Inspector” With that Eurus exited and headed downstairs to plan.
John paused she was right, there were sirens but they seemed so far off.
“In the closet with everyone’s clothes” Anthea said
Sherlock stood on the tarmac. They had been here before not long ago, but it had been different. At that time he was being sent away as punishment, today he was sending away two people he loved dearly so that they would be safe.
“You sure about this?” Greg quietly giggled “You remember his best man speech for John”
“Yeah. Then you let Sherlock get close to him, you let Sherlock kill him.” Sebastian said though gritted teeth.
“I have a list of all our preapproved event suppliers” Flora said handing them a folder.
“No, I have had the ring since before Sherlock jumped.” Mycroft said quietly.
“Do you think this is linked to Moran and his network?” Anthea asked “or another one of our dealings?”
So much was running though his mind. He was worried about John and with John ill that meant he had to worry about Sherlock as well. He didn’t have to worry about Rosie as he knew Sherlock would still take amazing care of her, but would just neglect himself.
“About two months to get everything back proper” Mycroft replied “I have the original blueprints so we can build it to exact specifications if you would like or we can make modifications.”
“A mere consolation prize” She replied “It’s alright though, Jim and I made other plans as well”
“Truth about what, the Cellist?” Sherlock asked
Pain, all there was, was pain. Molly didn’t dare look down again. She didn’t need to see it again.
Sherlock gave a small smile. “Is John alright, I heard him talking telling me not to move.”
"Doesn't want you to miss them so he can continue living off your money," Willa replied.
“No, no we are going to let them be happy. Mycroft needs happiness; he needed that honeymoon vacation more than he will ever admit. We will handle this.”
“Ok, you got my number, just send me the case number and the culprit. I have a bunch of meetings today and tomorrow so don’t go through them too quickly.” Lestrade said with a smile.
“It’s ok Elijah we’ll head home and you can run all around the garden, just give Mummy time to catch her breath” the woman said.
Mycroft Holmes stood between the two ICU beds. To his left was his little brother. Intubated and hooked to a heart monitor. The bullet that entered his side went through a rib, though his lung and ricochet off his shoulder blade before coming to rest in his sternum. The doctors had done an excellent job of fixing everything, and the scars would be negligible and perhaps not ruin his career. His fall of the runway had left him with a concussion as well as torn muscles and ligaments in his knee.  The leg would require lots of rest that was easily given as he would not be doing much moving in a while.
“Oh you’ve never gone by her house after all the times that she’s been to yours?” Eurus answered.
“Gregory what are you doing here I thought I said.” Mycroft started as he turned to see his fiancé.
“He wouldn’t have stopped Moriarty or Magnusson, He wouldn’t have met you, and he wouldn’t be the wonderful caring papa to Rosie. The actions of the past cannot be changed. Mycroft is trying to better himself to make up for all he did in the past.” Anthea said moving to stand by John.
"Sherlock?" Willa quietly asked.
“I that am lost, oh who will find me? Deep down below the old beech tree. Help succour me now the east winds blow. Sixteen by six, brother, and under we go!” Sher sang.
John just nodded as he headed downstairs.
“You have a tube down your throat, don’t fight it.” Mummy Holmes continued as she reached up and brushed his cheek. “You were quite injured in the blast, despite you walking around, hopped up on adrenaline. The doctors wanted to let you sleep to heal”
They danced close together.
Daddy Holmes started to hum, the same tune Mummy had been humming to John. You’re my Best Friend by Queen, Molly couldn’t help but smile, John had mentioned once that it was their wedding song. It had come on the radio in the lab and instead of turning the radio down like he often did Sherlock turned it up. John said he always did that as it was his parent wedding song and one of the first lullabies he remembered his mother singing to him.
“It is lovely” Mrs. Hudson said tears forming in her eyes. John bundled Rosie up in his shirt and handed her to Mrs. Hudson.
The oversized, four post king bed sat on a circular pedestal in the off to the one side in the middle of the wall with a small canopy over it. Jim pulled Sebastian onto it and began to undo the buttons of his fatigues. As he peeled off Sebastian’s undershirt Jim paused and studied the body beneath him.
January 1st the world as he knew it was going to end for John Watson. The man who made him strong, the man who saved him was going away again. John watched him board the plane, the knot in his stomach getting tighter, he didn’t get to tell Sherlock the truth. That is was him that he loved, and not Mary. Yes Mary was the mother of his child, and he said last week that he would stay with her no matter what. But he’d had time to think now and Mary was not what he wanted, he would love their daughter, and he would still help Mary sort out her past, but he didn’t love her, not the way he loved Sherlock.
“Why because I am upset and angry, that shouldn’t be a problem. Emotions are not something to be ashamed of Mycroft, we’re not Vulcans, suppressing out emotions does not make us superior.” Greg fumed
“How well do you remember our case you so kindly named the Blind Banker?” Sherlock asked digging through a desk drawer.
“Mycroft and Greg are due back at 9:30 this evening sir” Anthea answered
John groaned as he carefully stood. He looked to see Mrs. Hudson still curled up on the landing.
"We were investigating Victor Trevor for drug trafficking and it led us here right into all of this." DS. Lestrade replied.
Greg headed up stairs to the bedroom he shared with Mycroft, at least when Mycroft was at home. He had wasted no time getting back to work. Even before he got his prosthetic leg there was no stopping him. Then when he transitioned from crutches to having the new leg, Mycroft was right back fully immersed in the world of the British government that he helped run.
“I don’t know.” Mycroft replied
"Wow, almost like a tour, but then again more dangerous." Willa smiled, she liked these two there was something about them that put her at ease.
“Yes. I thought I was losing my natural high after the wedding. As for the plane, well I thought I was never going to see you again so I planned to overdose. And I am ever glad I didn’t” Sherlock gave a small smile.
“Bull shit” Greg replied as he started to pace. “You are telling me that there was no emotional input into your plea to get Sherlock out of jail. I know he was being exiled but that was a smidge better than him spending life in a tiny cell with only himself as company.”
Dalton headed up Regent Street, things were slowly staring to get back to normal. Traffic was flowing more freely now. This was not good; this was not what was supposed to happen.
“Papa Bee” She declared as she smacked Sherlock in the face with the stuffy. It was her way of getting someone to look at it.
John tried to say something but his mouth wasn’t ready to cooperate.
Molly came into view; she went to the stove and put the kettle on before looking in the cupboard for tea.
“Put Mycroft in a cell with Anthea and Greg. Maybe we will return to them after this is all done, maybe not” Eurus instructed. “Take Wilhelmina and Sherlock to Musgrave along with John, let’s see just how far I can push my dear brother.”
Sebastian stared at the growing stain of blood. It didn’t hurt much; He’d been shot before and knew that if it wasn’t hurting then he was in shock.
“I am a messed up person. I don’t make excuses though. I was kicked out of the house as a teen for exploring my sexuality but I don’t blame my childhood for my actions. I only blame myself. I blame myself for not saving my wife. I blame myself for Sherlock feeling like he had to fake his death. I blame myself for Sherlock nearly going to exiled for protecting me against another mad man. I blame myself for everything that happened with each and every one of you and the losses you suffered” John shook as he sat back in the chair and pulled his legs up knees under his chin.
“But James won’t fight unless provoked.” John spoke up. “even with Williamson was drunk and taking shots. It’s what makes him a great commander. He’s cool under pressure.”
Sebastian glared at Dalton before looking at the carnage in front of him. The front of 221 Baker Street no longer existed, in its place was a gaping hole giving those outside a glimpse into what was remaining of the sitting area and kitchen.
Elijah stood and started to follow. Sherlock made a motion for him to stay.
Mycroft took both of Greg’s hand in his.
“Oh it’s not just that Sherlock. I monitored you. I know that what happened formed who you are. Memories can resurface; wounds can re-open. The roads we walk have demons beneath ... and yours have been waiting for a very long time. I never bullied or teased you. I used – at discrete intervals – potential trigger words to update myself as to your mental condition. I was looking after you.” Mycroft calmly said.
=-=-=-
“Remember when I said I was this way because of something I would rather not discuss?” Mycroft asked as he pulled a coat from the closet.
“Yes, there was a bomb at Baker Street” Mummy said before explaining his injuries
“We’re not fighting Sherlock and we are not discussing this. I am staying.” John said kissing him.
“Yes, but his breathing has been improving so he may be off it soon” Daddy replied as Mycroft teared up.
Irene stopped at Anthea
“J, John?” He managed to mumble out from behind the bridle asked reaching down to see if he was breathing.
“Perhaps it’s time for a different drink” John said turning and looking at Sherlock. “Tea, biscuits, and a nice long chat, both of us”
“What happened?” Anthea asked as she stood by them.
Mycroft had confessed to Greg once that he was a huge Disney fan, and while he had been to Disneyland Paris in his early adulthood when their parents took Sherlock (13) and he (20) for the grand opening, he had never had the chance to go to Florida. He also felt that it wouldn’t be right for a man such as him to go there without a family.
Sherlock wasn't here. He's been high at the fitting but he nailed his practice. He couldn't miss the show.
“Just a little knock on the head and a few bruises I’ll be fine.” John said looking around. There was lots of debris on the stairs. The blast had torn through part of the stair case leading up to 221b.
Janice gave them a wave as she broke off to head back to the barracks, her shift was just over, and it was time for her get some much-needed rest.
“No, no” He said, she just turned a dial on his medication
John sat in his chair smiling, Rosie was sitting next to Elijah on the floor by the fireplace and he was reading her a story, well making up a story to go with the pictures in his book, Sherlock and Greg were sitting at the desk pouring over a police file while Willa and Mycroft wound lights around the tree they had set up in the corner.
“She has a child?” Sherlock asked. She had a child yet still risked her life. Her priorities were also changing, growing, like his own emotional journey.
“Oh isn’t that just adorable, pet names, it’s even in Irish”
“Dr. John Watson is well” Mycroft replied.
“Look at our little angel.” Eurus’s voice echoed over the speaker. “Well she’s no longer the littlest in our family is she? She surpassed me. No wonder you liked her more Sherlock. She’s like a prettier you. Well beauty fades. Better to have brains.”
Sebastian leaned his head back as the truck pulled onto Warwick Lane. The streets were a little hard to navigate. Panic as it was due to four explosions in the city, each site barricaded and guarded. Of course the police network was down; Mycroft’s little government operation too. Sebastian used the same hacker that got into the networks to broadcast Jim’s message to tie up their systems garages that wouldn’t open to let vehicles out, fake reports. It was all very splendid and so smart.
“That’s fine,” Moriarty said standing. “I was getting bored of this place anyway. Come, Sebby, let’s pack. We’ll come out on top. We always do.”
After Sherlock and his entire circle were dead, maybe then he could bring himself to finally read the letter.
Sherlock was confused, why would she think that? Yes he cared for John, deeply, he loved him, he loved him from the day he walked into the lab at St. Bart’s. But John didn’t feel that way, John loved Mary, John married Mary.
“We can’t go anywhere the street is barricaded” John said peering out again. A large black military vehicle pulled up and a tall blonde exited the passenger’s seat. “Irene I will call you back, he’s here”
“You.” John replied “I still haven’t the courage.”
“Don’t forget the daisy headband that came with the shoes.” John added.
“How has our other guest been?” She asked turning to face Irene “Have you heard her stirring at all?”
“You get two figures. you be either Iron Man, Black Wiwow, Wonnner Woman or Back Panter. I’m going to be the Batman and Tor they my favorite” Elijah Smiled
“It’s too late” Irene said as a high pitched whistle filled the air. “Take cover”
“No not quite as spectacular or glamour and movie worthy as that” Mycroft allowed himself a small smile. “It is smoothing dangerous but I assure you it is well contained far away from us.”
“Well then no pictures no more getting any help for anything from me.’ Eurus turned and headed back towards her bed. “How about one, a small picture, to keep on my wall.”
“Rosie?” Sherlock asked cutting Mummy off before she could mention Mary.
The guest and wedding party danced well into the night before Mycroft and Greg left via a helicopter to head off to their wedding night at a seaside cottage then onto a honeymoon in well Disneyworld of all places.
“I will get the paperwork and contract started” Flora said leading them to a small table set with tea and dainties “Give my 20 minutes”
John examined him more, lots of cuts, and bruises but nothing else major was presenting itself. So John went to the bedroom and got the blanket to cover Sherlock. When he returned Mrs. Hudson was kneeling next to Mary.
Willa paused at the end of the runway and swayed her hips to the music, before slipping into a very suggestive little dance number before starting her way back to change into her finale look. Sherlock met her halfway on the runway and they went through their carefully choreographed movements before he took to the front of the stage with his own little seductive dance number.
The heat of a warm Kobuleti, Adjara, Georgia sunset brushed over the face of the former ex-royal military man. He lounged his 6 foot frame on the cabana bed, his 174lb athletic frame clothed only in the small black speedo. Napping next to him on the bed was the love of his life.
As the voice sang the last line The group found themselves in a drug induced slumber.
Mycroft staggered as the bullet entered the fleshy part of his lower arm. He instinctively reached over and held in close.
“A shot in the arm” Eurus spoke again “He can keep going, but he’ll lose blood and get weaker easier for the hound to catch him. One more missed riddle and it’s his leg”
The consensus seems to be that in s1 of Sherlock, Sherlock is around 34 years old. John about 37. I am dropping those years down a bit to fit with this alternate universe/reality. I already put Greg in at around 43, so Sherlock and Willa are 27, John is 30/32ish, and Mycroft 34. Working off that some of the most popular supermodels were in the late 20’s early 30’s during the height of their careers.
She took out the crumpled but still sealed envelope from the table.
Taking the bone saw from the table beside her she flicked it on and started making the first cuts in the first rib.
“Oh I’m getting some ideas now” Greg said with a growl.
Goodbyes were said and the three left.
John adjusted his seat on the chair and looked at his tea. He never had told anyone save for a few therapists all this.
Sherlock typed something into his phone then held it up for Willa to read.
Willa just looked down at the ground.
Irene gave a small smile.
“I knew I wasn’t going to sleep, I knew that. So I went back to the study. I started looking though more of the files the task force put together. I find one with your name on it. First paper I find is an order to destroy records, you signed 20 years ago. The records in question were a birth certificate and an adoption form.” Greg said trying to hold back his anger.
"Hi, Riley," John replied.
Willa had seen psychologist since she was a teen. To Willa she had lost her birth family young then her adoptive mother at 14. It was hard on her. Mycroft had wished that he could have told her the truth but Uncle Rudy said no, said it was dangerous. That even though it was a mistake to hide her, what was done was done and revealing her would do more harm than good.
“Hug’s kisses on the cheek. I shudder still” Eurus replied.
Greg took a deep Breath
“A concoction of Sherlock’s drug riddled mind” Mycroft said
“You made good time” Sherlock smiled as he approached
“Maybe the cheese” Mycroft said “Late night nibbles after dancing” Greg nodded “what is their wine and spirits list like?”
The rains had returned the day after the wedding and going on still four days later. Sherlock sat at the table in front of the microscope.
“Is she alright?” Roo asked
“Leave them. I got the one I came for” Sebastian said getting in the vehicle.
Mycroft had many new subject to talk about at social events. Parasailing and tubing with Greg at the Disney watersports center, watching Greg learn how to waterski, the over friendly otter that climbed on board his jet ski as they did a guided tour of Bay Lake and Seven Seas Lagoon.
Sherlock struggled to remain calm. What was wrong. He was getting betting, he hadn’t been sick he had been nervous about the group session but not sick.
“Are you alright dear?” Mrs. Hudson asked as John swayed.
John just nodded stiffly.
“Appointment with the events coordinator at Wakehurst, the car is picking us up at nine and we have to be there at 10:30” Mycroft practically moaned out as Greg slid his hand into Mycroft pyjama bottoms.
He had to be wanting a fix, the nicotine patches, four of them, lined his arm. But still Sherlock seemed unsettled and unfocused. That could only mean that he wanted more, something stronger to settle his nerves and focus him.
The phone moaned
“Would you like to hold her?” Mummy asked
Irene pulled at the cuff that chained her to the bed. “If you hurt my son, I swear I will kill you.”
Mummy Holmes just nodded as Irene turned and left.
“It’s not going to get better overnight, but it will get better.” Sherlock said
“Pop culture quiz you say.” Brodie smiled. “Sounds good, we meet there or I can pick you up?”
Her dark hair hung in curls framing her face and making her skin seem like it was flawless porcelain, her blue eyes and red lips stood out in contrast to her fairer skin.
Greg gave him another soft kiss before drifting off to sleep again.
“Thank you.” Lestrade said heading to the door “And thank you for the flat. Remember, don’t rush through those cases.”
Sherlock was Mycroft’s best man. John was Greg’s. Greg had originally thought of asking one of his cousins to be his best man. That would undoubtedly have set off in-fighting between the cousins and he didn’t want that. Molly and Anthea were their grooms maids, a term Mycroft had seen on the internet.
He reached up and caressed Greg’s cheek causing the man’s face to turn towards him. Mycroft leaned forward and kissed Greg.
Now John was on a mild sedative and left to sleep. The doctors wanted to monitor his heart a little more, just to see if this was a one-time thing.
“Victor.” Sherlock said almost breathlessly, like his voice was frozen in fear.
He again stared out the window the screens of Piccadilly Circus no longer played the video of Jim. Instead it was news casts. Videos of the explosions and the aftermath, the tickers on the bottom reading off the casualty numbers, in the over 200 dead, 400 injured and around 60 missing, and most of that was from the MET.
Greg’s eyes slowly opened. Blinked a few times and stared at the ceiling before slowly turning his head towards the voice he heard.
He looked over at Alice curled up in his usual chair, John sitting on the floor in front of her so she wouldn’t fall off. They were both dozing.
Anthea had verified the ticket purchase to America and the small flat being rented by Willa in Seattle.
All this wasn’t just out of revenge it was an act of lost love. Molly started tearing up again; this revelation of lost love just made the whole situation a lot sadder
As the passengers disembarked form the plane and headed to customs, Mycroft and Greg dug out their cards to go thought the special line at customs. Mycroft picked up his briefcase as Greg slung his backpack over his shoulders.
He started forming his plan but there was still so much he couldn’t do. Sherlock in his two years of “death” had practically dismantled their entire network. He hardly had any contacts to turn to.
Irene looked at them but did not move, it was then they noticed that she was tied to the bed. The three were lined up against the wall and then the inmates left.
The cheers grew as the lady of the hour took the stage to dance behind her favorite models.
“Do you know why I am angry at you?” Greg asked as Mycroft poured some of the lemonade into the glasses on the tray.
“If we can pull Sherlock and Greg away from that fascinating case” John smiled sipping his coffee.
Sherlock blinked as the tears ran down his cheeks. Greg reached over and gave him a hug.
Sherlock and John got in. Sherlock held John’s hand tight, he was shaking. John gave his hand a squeeze.
John finished his biscuit and put his laptop on the ottoman and retrieved the phone from Sherlock’s pocket. The text preview simply said the text was from W- and it said that Sherlock was in danger.
Mycroft furrowed his brow as Sherlock just looked up at the monitor at John. The three other prisoners looked between the Holmes brothers and the screen where Henry was starting to slow.
Mummy Holmes smiled and kissed Sherlock’s forehead again.
sorry for the delay after vacation came work to pay for the vacation.
To a casual observer it was ransacked to Mycroft and Anthea it was staged. The robbery was set to hide the fact that she hadn’t been there in over a week.
"You lie there and bleed, I'm going to find the sweet little sister," Victor said standing again.
“What like you two are forever going to rotating around each other, intertwined with a changing lean towards each other?” Lestrade said.
Ashton left to visit his family in France a week ago. He had checked in with Willa when he got there but not since. Not unusual, their relationship did not need constant monitoring. It was early stages, dates but no cohabitation yet. He did check with her before coming back, she didn’t respond but he figured she was already at the hall getting ready for the practice. He went straight from the train station to rehearsal. He text her and got no response so after a mandatory dinner meeting with the conductor he headed to her flat.
“That’s what I said, hmm maybe you are the slow one?” Eurus replied
Mycroft’s eyes were fixed on the other half of the spilt screen, the little boy playing without a care in the world, unaware of his mother’s death not too far away.
“It is alright dear; it’s just that we were under the impression that you were dead.” Mummy Holmes replied “Although we are learning that in Sherlock’s circle that doesn’t really mean anything” Mummy Holmes gave a small smile that was mirrored by Irene
“Very good Mycroft. You know all about fish don’t you. You compared people to fish. Called them Goldfish. I heard you that day. My contacts had been listening that day. And you took Sherlock’s advice. You got yourself a gold fish.”
The door to the main part of the room opened and the woman in white entered.
Sirens wailed in the distance, the sound was sharp and it hurt Sebastian’s ears.
“Pity I hear she makes good tea” Sebastian said stepping over Sherlock’s feet to stand in front of John he gave him a push.
“My birthday” Eurus gave an eldritch smile and standing, as she neared the glass Mycroft stepped back, she laughed “Still scared of me then.” She laughed again “My birthday is coming up and I have a request, a little present I want.”
Her name was Karen. She was shy and quiet, she barely looked up when John said hello, but she did cautiously reach out her hand for John to shake it.
The laptop dimmed, forgotten it was ready to enter sleep mode, John reached over and rubbed the mouse touch pad. The screen illuminated again, The post in front of him was the one Sherlock wrote, just after the wedding.
Sebastian grabbed his phone and dialed.
John nodded. “Ok, first we insure Rosie and Mrs. Hudson’s safety then we go after this truth.”
John looked at the food in front of him. He could do this, he could eat it all, and the garlic bread that smelled so good, and drink the wine, maybe not any wine. But he could eat this meal and keep it down. He was going to tell Sherlock the truth about where he had been going on Wednesday night and he was going to get help.
“Mycroft was seven years old when I came into the world. He had seven years of being an only child and honestly sometimes I believe he thinks he still is one” Sherlock paused for more giggles “He was my first friend and my first enemy. I can’t imagine the stress our parents felt with our constant fighting and trying to one up each other and be the favorite.” More laughs “I would love to tell you some funny antidotes but I am afraid to be tried for treason.”
“How was it glowing?” John asked sitting at the table.
“Where are Sherlock and Mycroft” Greg asked
“And I married Mary. I got her pregnant, so now there is a child in the world without a mother and it is all my fault” John pulled his hand away from Sherlock and buried his face in his hands.
John was starting to struggle more now. His feet no longer could touch the bottom of the well and he was starting to float.
“Very good Sherlock, but don’t get cocky you know what happens when you get cocky” Eurus said “Next question. What is the longest word in the English language?”
“Sounds good any mail for me?”
Greg paced in the small dressing area. His suit was on minus the jacket, he had been going over his vows in his head over and over again. He and Mycroft had decided to write their own vows. Greg had been nervous, he’s written from the heart tossed in a song lyric and just wrote honestly. Mycroft had probably written something elegant and worthy of publication as a poem. Greg sighed and looked at the clock, it was almost time.
Sherlock moved his good arm and wrapped it around John.
“Yes, You may actually get to meet him” Sherlock smiled “He’s just text and said he’s on his way.”
“You are correct and you would know. How is the diet coming along?” Eurus asked.
“Sherlock?” John asked timidly.
“Smells lovely Molly” John said as he and Sherlock came to sit at the table.
“Sorry” She said standing again and scanning the room, there was a refrigerator in the shelter, she saw it on the back wall another of the sitting room chairs in front of it. She moved it and pulled out the ice tray.
They nodded and began their transfer.
John looked over at Sherlock and smiled. Soon they would be going through all this. Their wedding would be a little smaller just family and close friends. They decided to have it just right at Angelo’s, wedding and Reception all in one.
Sherlock gave a small smile then he and John were off.
“What is the old saying, shits and giggles. Honestly I want to see Sherlock alone and hurting as much as he made me feel alone and hurt” Eurus replied.
“Ok I have all your paperwork. Just need a few signatures” She said setting down the papers as Greg put a date square into his mouth.
Greg reached over with his free hand and gently touched the bruise on Mycroft’s head that was finally starting to fade.
The kids nodded and went. Greg sighed as he headed to the bedroom to pack. Dimmock, Donovan, Anderson, and Gregson answered the call and came to help.
The rise and fall of Irene’s chest became less noticeable as her breathing became shallower then stopped completely.
“No” John replied
“Let’s go see if Anthea is available and maybe this is just him working with someone on the outside. Maybe the Tong got to him. He may have been their distributor” John said heading downstairs to ask Mrs. Hudson to watch Rosie.
Diane smiled and patted his arm as she stood.
“I should get these too home and in bed.” Greg smiled.
Sherlock sat by him and pulled him in close being mindful not to squish Rosie.
There was a muffled yelling over the ear pieces.
Victor Trevor was injured but would survive. Currently, he was under observation and security at a city hospital. Once he was able, he would be loaded in a transport and sent off to a secure facility. Mycroft had taken over. Greg was actually grateful for Sherlock’s older brother to move in. This would be way too much paperwork for him. He was tired. Life at home wasn’t the greatest his wife was more distant than ever and was trying to pin the kids against him only to get angry that is wasn’t working.
“You don’t get to talk about Riley!” John said anger rising in his voice “You have no right, especially after what you did to him, to me”
“Just a bit of quiet.” John replied.
Greg smiled as he stretched. He’d never flown first class before and really he could make a habit out of it. The seat that fully reclined to a bed (fully flat bed with a quilted mattress, cotton duvet and pillow they even provided a pair of soft cotton pyjamas), the gourmet food (a menu to rival the wedding menu), Champagne to toast their wedding and a little toiletries kit he could keep. He felt like a rock star.
Sherlock sighed as he flipped through the magazine a fifth time. Just because he was in these things didn’t mean he liked them. The agency had sent over a stack of them for him and Willa. Willa wasn’t even awake yet, they were keeping her sedated until her throat healed more and the ventilator could be removed.
Sebastian smiled as he yanked Jim’s head up by his hair and planed a firm kiss on his lips while grabbing his growing erection in his hand.
“You know.’ Moran said pausing “there are going to be so many guys getting in shit with their company. And half them aren’t even over here right now. But it’s easy as pie to steal the credentials needed to get close to all of this.” He said waving his hand to acknowledge the base around him.
“I picked up my gun and contemplated using on myself for the first time on March 12; I met you on January 29
“Explosion” He replied, his voice sounded so different, hoarse and weak.
-==-=-
"OH, he is fit!" Willa smiled, Riley smiled, John blushed. "It's ok. Riley was telling me what was going on. No shame is blowing your train money on a nice dinner. We've all been there. But really two nice army docs like yourselves selling yourselves for a ride home!"
“If it is at all possible please allow him to stay in this bed with me. It is of no discomfort to me. Of course if it’s is a detriment to him then of course he should be moved to his own bed.” Sherlock said
Andrew and Rosie would be first then Sherlock and Anthea and Molly and John.
, or Lopadotemachoselachogaleokranioleipsano...pterygon
“I need to find something to immobilize him. I think what ever hit him injured his neck, he also seems to have a concussion” John said standing; he carefully stepped over Mary’s legs and started digging around in the kitchen.
Sebastian looked at the door then down at Mary’s body, he moved the cloth over her lower half to reveal the blood.
The doctor entered and examined him.
Sherlock stood in front of the screen, he glanced beside him, Mycroft stood in front of the other TV just watching Greg as he tried to free himself from the chair.
John looked up as water started pouring in, not very heavily more at a rain showers pace, the well would fill up slowly, but it would fill. The chain on John’s leg was long, but not enough to reach the top, a half full well and his head would be under.
“The truth about your family Sherlock. The truth about your dear little Willa.” Mike said. With that the phone call ended.
“Is that out by Baskerville?” Greg asked
“”Yes Mr. Lestrade”
"I'm going to Ashton's," Willa replied. "Sherlock needs his space."
“Yeah, but I came into it all later,” Janice said stretching.
“But family loves.” Willa spoke up “I tried to love you. So did Sherlock.”
“I can help” Sebastian said
“Thank you. You two are the best pals a guy like me can have over here in a shit hole like this.” Sholto smiled.
“I, I can’t.” John said pulling away.
He got out the small box from his pocket as Greg got Molly lined up in front of him but facing the other way and nodded to Dimmock.
“Oh I can think of a few things” Mycroft said hitting the button beside him and raising the privacy window between them and their driver.
I wanted to leave it as in as it was just a nice little moment in time.
“I was thinking a banana royale with chocolate, chocolate chip and chocolate chip cookie dough as the base” Sherlock said with a wistful look in his eye
Molly looked down. She took a deep breath, tears started to form in her eyes.
=-=-=-=-=-=
“I think it’s about time you heard his words Sebastian.” The woman said with an eldritch smile
She started assessing the rest of her body, broken rib, maybe two, was hard to distinguish from pain alone. Her legs were sore but she could move them. She braced herself against the fallen desk and forced herself to sit up. The pain in her shoulder flared trying to match the pain in her side.
“I thought you said you knew what he was going to do?” Mary asked
Another truck went to opposite way filled with concrete tank stoppers. Not the normal traffic to travel down Baker Street. The again if any other the other streets were blocked due to an accident this would be the logical reroute.
"It was the perfect start to a lifetime together" John smiled wrapping his own towel around Sherlock and snuggling in tight.
Jim stared out the window at Buckingham Palace in the distance. One day he’s see it in ruins.
“They’re recreating our life John, using people we love. This is leading to one place. The roof of Saint Bart’s and I can’t do that again. I can’t have them threaten you again. I can’t have them go after Rosie.” Sherlock paused. “Rosie! I have to call Anthea, Rosie and Mrs. Hudson need to be moved to a secure location. They can’t get in the middle of this. Moriarty threatened Mrs. Hudson whoever is doing this will too. We need to get them safe.”
“I think he’s having a heart attack” John spoke up.
Was this all really over? Moran was in jail, Moriarty dead, but why was Irene still in the wind, she’s safe now, they had no hold on her. Greg opened another file. It was on some of the network that was still intact, the factions Moran had managed to salvage or start up again. Chechnya, Serbia, Georgia, Syria, Turkey, and Kyrgyzstan, there was a gang affiliate in the United States and one in Mexico along with several factions in South America.
