, Steve had said, and the truth of that hurt. It ached all the way to his bones, made his sternum feel like it was bare to the world.
Thor looks perturbed at this, but subsides.
“Stop- stop figuring things out about me,” he says. He almost means it. “This is terrible. I’ve made a mistake.”
“I make you uncomfortable,” Steve realised. “By not wearing blockers. It makes you nervous. You feel strongly about this, because you’re an omega.”
“Questionable mystery tech is my arena,” Tony says. He glances into the cup, then shrugs, shotgunning it. The liquid is a little too close to scalding, but he’s mostly killed those nerves anyway. Nothing he hasn’t done before.
“You’re saying Steve isn’t ready to know why.”
To his credit, it’s a little funny. Tony’s mouth quirks up, and for a moment, Strange’s face softens. Despite what Tony likes to say about how much he hates magic, they’re friends, almost. Steve thinks they must be, anyhow. There is an unusual kind of respect that they hold for each other as experts in their respective fields. Strange was a talented enough doctor, back before he became Sorcerer Supreme. He’s smart, in the way that Tony likes the people he surrounds himself with to be. In some ways, Steve had always been the one exception to that rule. Rhodes, Reed, the Hanks—most everyone Tony loved was brilliant in some way or another. Steve’s a skilled tactician, but he’s no genius.
“Tony,” Steve gasps. He rushes closer to him, takes Tony’s face in his hands. To do what, he doesn’t know, and for a moment, he can feel it again: Tony’s skin under his fingers, warm and
Steve hasn’t seen him since the fight, which isn’t all that unusual; Tony blows cold, sometimes, disappearing for days on end while he pokes at some project or another. He thinks about Tony slaving over their equipment, burning his fingers and sweating from the heat, pushing himself after a battle to make sure the team has the tech they need to stay alive. In the beginning he’d seen nothing but the callousness, the way Tony brushed off anything resembling camaraderie, his mouth twisted into quiet disdain. It was only after watching him with Bruce, the way the other man lit up for him, that he began to watch more closely. He saw the way that people shrunk from Bruce, the way Tony homed in on him and touched him, the way Bruce leaned into that touch like a man starved. He saw the way Natasha would sometimes soften a little at the sound of his voice, mouth shifting ever so slightly. He saw the way Tony always spared her from his barbs. He caught them once, late at night, sitting in the dark and drinking together. The mission had gone particularly south, a little girl had been hit by a getaway vehicle gunning it down Second, and Tony had flown her personally to NYU Langone only to watch her flatline. They weren’t speaking, just curled together on the couch, the city lights illuminating their silhouettes in the faintest of yellows. Eventually, Steve had left, feeling guilty and voyeuristic for a reason he couldn’t explain.
“You ran the mission well.”
Steve shook his head. “I know you’re busy. I just thought, it’s Saturday, so maybe...”
“I was about to go in!” he yelled back, trying to be heard over the howl of the wind. “Kinda cold for me!”
“Peter!”
Steve took a breath, watching Tony’s eyes close, his shoulders dropping as he took a slow breath. He turned back, reached for the egg carton.
“Soon,” Loki says, and then he’s gone.
“You’re ruining my proposal,” Steve complained.
The look Tony gave her was scorching and knowing all at once, and in that instant, Steve understood several things: first, that Tony and this woman had slept together before; second, that Tony had expected all of these questions and that was precisely why he’d done the interview; and third, that afterwards, Tony and the interviewer had probably slept together again.
“I shouldn’t like to speculate. You’ll just have to find out for yourself.”
Loki looks sad, and Tony brushes his teeth, waiting. He’s tired himself, but he has to take advantage while he can. Loki shuffles over to the tub, taking a seat on the edge and spreading the sheets around him regally, like a cloak or a fine gown.
“Like Cap might?”
Steve watches with bated breath. He’s using all his considerable strength to stay seated in the car, and for a moment it feels like Tony’s looking right at him. He looks confused, and irritated, and vaguely distracted in the way that he does when he’s trying to figure out an engineering problem and he can’t quite work out what’s gone wrong.
He knows exactly what Tony is doing, pushing them both back into the thick of things quick, before a problem can develop. He’s trying to prevent the exact reaction Steve is having right now from becoming an issue in the future. He’s playing him, swift and deft as always, and Steve wavers for a moment on the threshold before stepping into the elevator, hands clasped tightly behind his back in parade rest. Tony smiles, all teeth, and presses the button for the garage.
“It is good to see him up and flying!” Thor called, and Steve nodded. He hooked a thumb at the balcony door.
“You tell me.”
“You didn’t wear your helmet again,” Tony observes, and Steve rumbles a laugh that travels from his chest and into Tony’s.
“And yet, you are mine.” Tony flutters his eyelashes at the nearest surveillance camera. “You know better than anyone that I’ve had plenty of pets, and none of them have been dogs.”
Tony’s never claimed to be mature, so he’s unashamed to wake up the next morning in a suite at the Mandarin Oriental, nursing the mother of all hangovers. Evidence from last night’s bender is strewn about the room. Bottles of Salon blanc de blanc and Hibiki litter the tabletops, and the lovely ladies he’d brought back to the suite are still in bed with him, one curled up under his arm and the other with her head resting against his hip. He’s sticky everywhere, from the alcohol or something else he doesn’t know, and the cloying lavender and honeysuckle scents of their omega slick are almost offensively bracing. His head feels like he took Thor’s hammer to the helmet.
"Yeah, probably not."
“Please,” Steve said, half out of his mind with wanting, and Tony’s face softened. He stepped out of his pants and his boxers in one smooth motion.
Steve let himself look for a few obvious seconds longer, trailing his gaze slow as a caress up to finally meet Tony’s eyes. In contrast to his words, his expression was delighted, even a little shocked. Steve grinned lazily at him.
“Ew,” Clint says, and Tony shoves at him without even looking.
“You remember?” Steve asks, and Tony lets out a rough laugh.
“Son of a-…”
“You love the roof too much to never come back,” Tony snipes easily. He steps into the elevator. Steve crosses his arms and doesn’t move. Clint clears his throat, then glances up at the ceiling.
“I waited too long once, didn’t say what I felt, and I won’t make the same mistake again. If you don’t want to bond with me, I understand. I’d be happy to get married. Or both, whichever. Whatever you want. But I want to be with you, for the rest of my life. And I want the whole world to know it. I want to belong to you, and you to me, and I want every living thing in the whole damn galaxy to see us and know that I am yours. For- …if you want me. That way.” Steve cleared his throat, straightening up and pulling his hands away from Tony’s skin with what felt like a physical twinge of pain at the loss. “Um. That’s what I came up here to say.”
did you find that?”
The third Sight Bond pair he’s met only recently, and he still doesn’t know what to make of them. Thor and Jane Foster are Sight Bonded, although both of them use the term ‘soulmate’ with the kind of free laughter that only new lovers can afford. Thor is a millennia old alien who’s never been Bonded before, and he was delighted to have finally found one of his matches. Apparently the Aesir often outlived their partners, but Thor had never even tried. He’d wanted to wait, reasoning that most Aesir found at least one of their soulmates in their long lives. He’d informed them that even Loki had a soulmate he’d outlived already: Angrboða, Mother of Monsters. Tony has no idea what to think about any of it, and so he tries to put it out of his mind. He’ll stick to the hard sciences and leave the xenobiology to Bruce.
“It is integral to your complete understanding of your conversation with Miss Potts.”
employee ID number…”
“Steve,” Tony whispers, and Steve opens his mouth against Tony’s pulse, leaves a sucking kiss to show Tony that he’s here, now, and in the future, and for days to come. “Steve.”
“I know that you’re from the Great Depression and all, but nowadays physiology isn’t consent,” Tony said, frowning. “I’m not that alpha.”
are you avoiding Steve?” Pepper asks, mostly from between her teeth. The smile that she offers the SI employees they pass is practically feral.
, Tony thinks, and it feels like the first breath after being held underwater.
“What happened?” Tony asked, numb fingers tripping over his buttons.
Sorry this is being posted so late in the night! I had a family thing run later than I expected.
“You sure that was luck?” Rhodey points out, and Tony considers it.
“You are forgetting someone.”
Steve reaches out. He touches the nape of Tony’s neck. He pulls him into his body, holds him as he shakes apart.
If you don't mind the scars
Tony pushes his wrist away, tilting his nose up snobbishly. “And put the part with the tab on the convex side. Frisbees have ridges on the top to induce a turbulent boundary layer. It reduces drag on the disc. You want the bottom to be the smooth underside of the can.”
. I absolutely could. So I can’t think like that, the way you’re asking me to. Where does it end? How do I know how to stop if I don’t respect the free will of the people I love? I’m already too much.”
“I want you,” Steve begged, and his eyes were wet and he didn’t care. He didn’t care about anything but this. “I need- I want you to have me. I’m yours. You can have anything. You’re so good to me, alpha, please.
That, and he has a strange affinity for redheads.
like this,” Steve accuses. “You like being able to touch me everywhere. Ten arms, all over me. Completely yours. I
He’s not dressed for running. It’s brisk outside, the threat of winter still not quite gone from the city, and he’s standing outside in slacks and chucks, a button down shirt over a cotton tee because he was going to ask Tony if they could actually go out tonight and see a movie in theatres. They haven’t done that in a while. He closes his eyes and listens to the horns and chatter of midtown at night, the humid air on his face, the smell of salt and wet. He starts walking south.
Tony waves a hand at him. He waits for Steve to leave, for the tell-tale hiss of the workshop door closing behind him.
“SHIELD has prepared a ride for you,” Thor said, and Steve took a shaky breath, another. He could smell the air now, cold and bracing. He wanted to sleep, but he wanted it with Tony. He wanted to sleep wrapped up in his alpha, safe and warm.
“Yes,” Tony says, but he didn’t need to.
“How much do you know about the Cold War?” Xavier asks, and Steve frowns. “We also allied with Russia, at the time. Plenty of room for grey, there. And you should know better than anyone that America didn’t want to get involved in the war. There was rampant anti-Semitism here. Americans didn’t want to accept Jewish refugees, much the way Americans now view asylum seekers from Central and South America.”
“I don’t hate it,” he says.
“Wait-”
“No sexy firefighters,” Joyce says firmly. “What about construction? That’s tangentially related to what SI does, if we focus on Irish-American contributions to American infrastructure.”
“You’ve had a heat partner for every single one of your heats since I was created.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, and Tony can feel himself tightening. “God, Tony. You-”
– Mary Oliver, “The Summer Day”
The sheets rustle behind him, but Steve’s mind is blank. It’s white noise. He can’t think. And then, Tony lets out a hissing sigh.
He will never be ready for the way Tony always knows how to twist the knife. He waits for the words to gut him, waits for the slack face of his mother and Doctor Erskine's corpses to flash, waits for the anger to build, and crest, and break. This will flay him, he knows, because Tony always wounds with truth. This will leave a scar long after this moment.
“It is times like this that Loki most reminds me of our mother,” Thor says, so close his breath brushes the back of Tony’s ear. Tony whips around, because he’d been so caught up in the television that he hadn’t heard Thor come back. “Might I hear your thoughts, my friend? I know I do not understand Midgardian politics as well as I ought, but it seems as though you have been shouldering a burden that my brother has now relieved you of. What is it that we have been saved from?”
“I have the cars now, Captain.” Steve watched as the view switched, blinking quickly between different grainy cameras, tracking the SUVs as they blazed through the city streets, the police hot on their trail. “The proper authorities have been notified. Thor has already left, as he can fly faster than the team can assemble to the quinjet. He is heading towards them as we speak. SHIELD is already sending out a team.”
“Steve, I-”
Chapter title is also from
Tony knows him far too well. He didn’t need the added advantage of a psychic connection to read him. He didn’t even need to see his face.
“Just an R&D fiasco. Everyone is incompetent, the usual stupidity.” He picks up his gym bag and takes a long drag of water, calls out to the room: “Fight Club is fun and all, but daddy has to get back to work, kiddos! Have fun.”
Steve would agree with a lot of what he was saying (that last excluded, naturally) if the man wasn’t known for being hired by corporations to harm other corporations. Steve doesn’t think there was much moralising class-rage high ground to stand on when your client list is comprised of names like Roxxon, Justin Hammer, and Wilson Fisk. As it is, he mostly just feels pity. More than anything, what it seems like the man needs is rehabilitative psychiatric therapy.
“That might be best,” Xavier says, grinning. “Logan may or may not have spotted your bike and be lurking around it covetously.”
He hurtles into Doom instead. They go down in a rousing clatter, all metal on metal and cape, and in his ear Tony hears an all too familiar snicker as he tries to untangle himself from the mess. Doom's unconscious, and his comm is still offline.
“What?” Tony asks, curious.
“Hey, now, just hold on a second-”
“Hard pass, what is this, my internet search history? Why do you even store that data?”
"And don't you forget it."
Bruce nodded, turning to Steve expectantly, and Steve took a deep breath, then fit the mask to his face. It was going to ruin his peripheral vision, which might interfere with the usual way he used the shield, but he was the one who needed the mask most. He peeled the film off, then put it on.
"It could be a trap, but Loki hasn't done anything really evil in over a year," Tony points out. "He’s mostly just been annoying, more like a bored kid than a conquering dictator. That’s a long game, even for him. Now he's saved both me and Nat, once from our own people."
everything
He thought of the little glass bottle sitting in their medicine cabinet at home, the little biohazard bin underneath the sink, and rested his head in his hands. With every beat of his heart, he could feel the clock ticking.
“How is she able to hit me?” Tony asks, hissing as something digs into his upper ribs. The plating on his back is warped from the strength of her impact. “Is she just overpowering Loki’s protection spells?”
“Are we allied?” he asks, holding his breath. Loki’s fingers are cool and fine-boned, dragging over the bruised flesh with an aching pain that is swiftly followed by tingling, then numbness.
. And then, “Fair.”
“Their prerogative,” Tony says, tired all of a sudden. He’s tired of all of this. “What’s the damage?”
Now, obviously not all trans folks are traumatised, and plenty of them have very happy transition stories. However, that’s not true of all people. I know plenty of queer people who feel that their gender/sexual identity is tied to, say, assault or CSA. Now, if you asked me outright, of course it doesn’t matter if, for example, a woman is a lesbian because she’s a survivor and she’s terrified of men. We should respect her identity regardless. It’s harder, however, when you’re looking at it from the inside, and these are the questions that Tony is grappling with here. It took me a while to decide that it was okay if I felt certain ways about my sexuality and my body because of trauma, and a lot of guidance from older queers. Community is everything, yo.
“I...” Loki smiles, tight and plastic. He still isn’t looking at Tony, and after a long moment of silence Tony moves towards him, slow. He has enough experience by now to recognise when Loki is vulnerable, to say nothing of his own fucked-up history. He peels his jacket off and drapes it carefully over the back of an armchair, removes his cufflinks and places them in one of the decorative vessels on the coffee table.
“You’re right, I’m a hot mess. But enough about me. You wanna tell me about a book you read. Let me guess,
Tony swallows, because it sounds a little like he’s going to be punished, and not necessarily in a bad way. “You seem entirely unsurprised by all this.”
“No,” Steve says. He reaches up to cup Tony’s face. He isn’t sure what his expression is doing, but whatever it is, Tony melts into him. His eyes are wide and gleaming. “I love you, Tony Stark. I think I’ve loved you since I first saw you. The first face I saw in the future: bright blue eyes behind a golden helmet, like something out of a storybook.”
Tony shudders. There’s fear in his face. Steve knows it well. It’s perhaps the least favourite of the expressions he’s familiar with. But he doesn’t push Steve away, and he doesn’t say anything else. He just subsides into hiccoughing breaths, pressing his forehead as firmly as he can to Steve’s. He tangles his fingers in Steve’s hair.
Now, there were all these studies. They said that omega brains were more complex, and better at multitasking. They said that omegas experienced more pain than alphas, and they could take more of it, too.
A shiver breaks out over Steve’s skin.
so, I totally meant to update weekly but then a) some personal shite got in the way and b) i had a month long camping and road tripping thing with girlfriend and family with zero internet. sorry! but we should be back to our regularly scheduled programming now.
Tony bares his teeth at her. “I called you up here, didn’t I?”
“Sentimental of you,” he jokes, but he turns around to face Steve, waving the displays away. “I’ve felt it too, I think. When you’re angsting about something particularly hard, it’s like I’m feeling an emotion that isn’t mine. I get the physiological response of grief or desire without the thought.”
Steve leans in, his nose ghosting over Tony’s wrist. He’s barely even touching him, just the faintest pressure of his fingertips. Like he wants this to be as sterile as possible. He takes a deep breath, shudders all the way from head to toe. A soft, punched out sound escapes his mouth.
“Steve,” he rasps, and Steve beams impishly at him. “Please.”
“I’m here,” Tony says, “I’ve got you.”
“She reminded me of Peggy,” Steve says quietly, and all of them freeze and look at him. He looks at Natasha, face still flushed pink. “And also…my mother? And Bucky’s ma, and Clara the showgirl, and…you. It…” He shakes his head again, visibly rattled, and Natasha places a hand on his shoulder. She looks thoughtful.
“Are you alright, Captain?” JARVIS asked, and Steve blinked his eyes a few times, coming back to himself. He’d been working in his studio, like he always did when he needed to get his head on straight and the gym was occupied. Clint and Natasha had been sparring last he’d checked, and so he’d opted to come upstairs and work instead. He was giving Tony a drawing, because he’d learned over the years that it was impossible to shop for a billionaire who just bought whatever he and his friends wanted at the barest hint that they might want it. It was better to give Tony experiences that he wouldn’t think to try, or objects without value. The first year they’d been dating, Steve had given Tony a little booklet of couple coupons he spotted in a store. They were for things like a massage, or a bubble bath, or trying something new in the bedroom. That last had made him blush, but Tony had laughed brightly as he’d flipped through them, grinning when he saw the ones Steve had added: one instance of no nagging when Tony had been injured in battle, the ability to use Steve to lift heavy things in the workshop when he needed a little more finesse than the bots could manage, a few hours with the shield for Tony to scan and poke at as much as he liked.
“He would’ve come,” Clint countered, and Steve scowled.
“No,” he says again. “I just…Steve’s probably being tortured right now. And I’m just sitting here.”
The heat room was held off of the master bedroom, an addition that Tony had installed after he and Steve bonded. For their honeymoon had Tony taken him to Pachino, Sicily: a place where Tony had rare, happy memories of his mother. It was where her family had immigrated from in the 1890’s, at the height of the Italian mass immigration. Steve had thought it a bit of an indulgence, but when they’d gotten back to the penthouse, he’d found the guest room next door had been converted into a heat room, complete with a separate hermetically-sealed double-door hatch for safe item exchange, and a biometric lock keyed to Steve’s baseline pheromone signature.
“Ouch,” Steve says, good-natured about it. A wry smile breaks over his face. “But I’m clear, right?”
“I have not, father. I went to Latin mass as a kid.”
He kind of wants to take a shower again, but not because he needs one; mostly for the feeling of isolation, and the way the heat running over his skin puts him right to sleep. Instead he heads to the wet bar and pours himself three fingers of vintage single malt, two jet black whiskey stones, looks out over the city with an ache in his chest.
Tony shoots Loki in the face, then in the gut for good measure, forestalling any cute jibes from him. Suddenly, he’s angry, about all of this.
“I never thought…after everything I’ve done, I never thought you’d forgive me,” Tony says quietly. He speaks it like a secret, like a confession, and Steve turns and presses a kiss to his open palm. “I don’t deserve it. But then when it happened, I thought, of course. Of course you’d forgive me. You’re a better man than I am. But I…I can’t understand now, why you’d…”
“Sounds like you’d best get, then,” Miss Jones said, offering Tony a shrewd eye, and Tony bit back a sigh. He supposed Miss Jones had considered the same things he had and come up with an answer she didn’t particularly like. Cage had always been the soft-hearted of the two of them.
“You are perfect, alpha,” he said, firmly. “You are the best mate any omega could ask for. I have never felt so loved as I have when I’m with you.”
Tony nods. “It hit queer alpha and beta men the hardest,” Tony says, “because the nature of the kind of sex they were having was more likely to transmit it. And then it hit omega men, because of the community overlap, and that was it. Like wildfire. Just…” He makes an illustrative, explosive gesture with his hands. “Incalculable losses. To the culture, most of all. It seems stupid to say, but that’s all I can think of. All the brilliant people I knew who were gonna change the world—an entire generation of intelligentsia, just fucking wiped out.”
“That’s
“Your brother just saved all of our fucking asses,” Tony says, gaping at the screen. “I don’t- this is beyond even my wildest fucking best-case scenario. This changes
“Steve?” he says, finally.
Steve is statue-still. He’s staring down into the empty soup bowls like they’ll save his life. “Your…heat,” he repeats curtly.
Tony sighs. “Peter…”
“Um.” He blinked. “Fuck, Steve.”
– Mary Oliver, “Wild Geese”
“What?” Pepper answers, sounding harried. “I hope you know that Happy is making my life a living hell, I hope you’re pleased-”
Steve purses his lips in thought, then leans down and bold as brass gets his arm up and around Tony where his ass used to be, shifting his weight. He’s got Tony’s torso in his right arm with Tony’s left hooked around his neck, and the tentacles he loops loosely over or around his left arm in the strangest bridal carry Tony’s ever been in. Steve’s done this to him while he was in the armour, and as usual, he doesn’t even make a sound from exertion. He may as well have picked up a pillow, and Tony flushes a little under Steve’s grinning observation. He loves it when Steve manhandles him, and Steve knows it. He’s an irrepressible flirt, a delightful detail that Tony couldn’t have guessed at until they started dating, and he’s so damned sweet and insatiable-
“Fuck,” Tony snarls, throwing his phone across the bed so that it bounces, landing face up on the other side. He scrubs his hands over his face. “No word from Strange yet?”
“We’ve got this, don’t worry,” Grace tells him. Tony waves a hand at them all.
One dusk you were gone. Sometimes a fallen tree
“But,” Steve prompts, and Hill nods.
“I thought I’d trapped you in a bond, not that you didn’t want to be with me,” Steve explained. “I know you love me. I’ve never doubted that once, Tony. Not once, even after you rejected my bond offer.”
Well. Never let it be said that he and Tony didn’t think alike. Either two peas in a pod or diametrically opposed, that was them.
“Steve,” Tony says, quiet.
“Fair hair and brawn?” Loki says, sounding disgusted, and Tony laughs. “I will not advise you, as I am ill-suited for it. I would only ask that you maintain your clarity in the battle ahead.”
Tony opened his mouth, closed it again. They’d only been doing this for two months, this dating thing, and now they were on assignment in Chengdu, looking for someone who was manufacturing counterfeit Stark tech and lacing it with an absolutely nasty virus. It had been a rough three days with no sleep, two firefights, and a car chase, and Tony looked absolutely beat to hell. He would never admit it, though. Sometimes Steve thought Tony’s alpha posturing would be the death of him, but then he knew there wasn’t much space for him to throw stones. He was just as bad, half the time.
Tony shuts up, and Steve concentrates instead on his heartbeat.
“Tony,” Steve whines.
And then he ducks under Steve’s arm, heading for the stairwell door.
“This is your baby,” Tony says absently, déjà vu hitting him hard in the chest, leaving him breathless with it. “Um. I mean, Loki swore not to hurt any of my people, and you’re definitely my people.”
“This isn’t The Red Room, Nat! This isn’t spycraft! We’re the Avengers, we don’t run shit like that anymore-”
“Wet leaves in autumn,” Steve said, because he knew Tony’s scent now as well as he knew how to hold his shield. “Metal. Electricity. Something sharp, tangy, a little musky that I don’t have names for. Good.”
“No, no,” Tony says, shaking his head. “I mean…why are you coming here?”
Steve studies him, his brow wrinkled in the same way it does when he’s considering new intel. He drops his eyes to Tony’s tentacles, then slides his hand down one, a single fingertip tracing one thin ribbon of gold as it undulates across Tony’s skin. The noise that escapes Tony’s throat is indecent, and he bites his lip hard to stifle it. He pulls his tentacles away from Steve’s body, curling them back around the legs of the chair.
The laugh that Clint looses is bitter. He pours himself another glass of Yamazaki, rubbing a hand over the back of his skull. “You don’t blame Loki for Amora?”
“I could have saved her.”
“Come to bed?” Steve asked, and Tony swallowed. “I picked something up to eat. I don’t know what it is, but it looked good. There’s pork and scallions and spicy noodles.”
“Surely this machine will not work against mjölnir,” Thor protests.
“Agent Barton demanded you stop eating his cereal this morning whilst you ate the last bowl’s worth of Captain Crunch in front of him. Slowly. While smiling and humming Steel Panther’s “The Burden of being Wonderful.” I think we can safely say that the spell is restricted to your interactions with Captain Rogers and no one else.”
“How did you know where Steve was?” Peter asks once they reach the front door, and Tony shrugs in the armour. It’s a strange motion, one that is uniquely Iron Man.
Steve’s crying, now, in the best possible way. His eyes are wet with tears as he shakes in Tony’s grip, and when he looks down into the water Steve’s cock is so red it looks painful. Tony’s tentacle is wrapped around the base and his sac, keeping him from coming, but it doesn’t stop Steve from trying to fuck up into his hold. He’s shaking from head to toe.
Tony blinks, slowly, and turns around.
“No,” Pepper says, because she can immediately see where this is going. “Tony, we are not having a party-“
a Japanese innovator who had been held unjustly, against international statutes, without due process, on American soil?”
There’s a long silence on the other end of the phone. Steve’s face is contorted, but Tony is too drunk to properly contemplate what it means. He settles for pulling the phone back and showing Steve his own shirtless torso, framed in lush folds of dark merlot fabric. He makes quite the pretty picture. He's done enough photoshoots to know his angles.
No wonder Tony took her under his wing. “She’s smart. I mean, obviously, MIT at 15, but I mean she’s sharp, too. Wanna see something interesting?”
Tony thinks.
Steve sat on the edge of the bed, Tony’s shirt in his hand, and wondered not for the first time if he’d been selfish. Because the truth was, Tony hadn’t wanted to bond. Steve had known why, even if Tony hadn’t told him. Tony might have thought him the perfect soldier, but it was Steve who’d gone searching for weapons on the helicarrier when they’d first met. Steve was meddlesome, and he didn’t take no for an answer, and he was kind of an asshole. He was bad at keeping his nose out of things, and he was excellent at keeping secrets. There was a reason Tony called him a cardsharp.
Natasha pilots the quinjet, focussed on her task. Rhodey sits up front with her, and Tony can’t imagine what they’re saying right now. He knows Rhodey is probably giving her a debrief, explaining exactly what it is he saw. Tony has no idea what step to take here, so instead he just sits in silence, hoping that Loki makes contact soon, hoping that they get some intel on Steve from him. He can’t imagine that show was for any other purpose. He wonders if he was mad to trust Loki even the small amount that he did.
Pepper turns out the light and shuts the door, just to be contrary. Tony mutters unsavoury things under his breath.
“Mine are triggered by stress,” she’d told him, long fingers rubbing gently at the base of his skull. “But you’re a Stark, and you cannot avoid stress, so instead we will mitigate. It will help that you’ve been doing Wing Chun for several years now. Meditation and strong physical discipline should help you learn to control your cortisol output. The former sometimes helps me.”
Steve doesn’t say anything. He just offers Tony the disc again.
“Patch her through.” Tony waits for Natasha’s face to appear on screen. “Hey, Red.”
“Thank you for trying, Stephen. Let’s go Spiderman.”
Saint Joseph’s looks basically the same as it always has, which is a little disconcerting.
A small chirruping sound came from his right, and Steve reached out a blind hand to catch at DUM-E’s strut, leaning heavily against the bot as he gathered his wits about him. He could hear JARVIS speaking, the AI’s cool, calming voice washing over him in waves, but it was a long time before he was able to focus on it. His head felt like it was full of cotton, stuffed full and utterly useless.
And then,
“Captain Rogers, thank you for waiting.”
Stephen stares at him dispassionately, his lips a thin line of distaste as he glances over Tony’s tech booth. “Then I suppose I am joining your…float,” Stephen says, lips curling disdainfully over the word.
“I was angry because the words were forced,” he says, turning so he can speak low and rumbling against the hinge of Steve’s jaw, “and I wanted to gift my submission to you freely.”
“As in…in the penthouse?”
“No,” he said, and Steve whined, spreading his thighs a little more. “We’re not anywhere close to that yet.”
Steve smiles wryly, trying not to let his bitterness show. “I don’t think you’ll like it very much.”
Steve walks right by his bike and out onto the street.
There was a little tin first aid box his mother had nicked from the hospital. The hinge was busted, and they were probably going to just toss it out and buy a new one. So she’d brought it home and given it to Steve to keep his treasures in: good brushes and nibs, charcoal and ink. Little bits and bobs he’d pick up here and there. Things he didn’t want the mice to get into. He imagines opening it up now, Tony’s picture lying in the bottom alongside all his childhood treasures.
was that?”
“’Cause you always hide your injuries.”
“You’re a dork,” Tony informs him, but he’s smiling. He shakes his head at Steve’s victorious pose. “Alright, fine. You win.”
“What?”
“Hair of the dog?” Steve deadpans, eyeing the barrel. His train of thought catches on Clint’s earlier comment about medication. “You were hungover this morning.”
Tony takes a slow breath. Okay, that’s good, right? This is good. This all feels…really good. He licks his lips. “What do you want?”
“I pointed out the more…hypocritical elements of his inception.”
Bruce laughs, a nasty, bitter thing. It takes Tony aback a little; he forgets, sometimes, that Bruce is not nice. He is careful, because he is a loaded gun. He is polite and measured where Tony is rude and explosive, but that does not make him kind. It’s an easy mistake, and one he knows better than to make, but Bruce is so good at making himself disappear. He shrinks, until suddenly he can’t hide himself: supernova.
Thor looks at him with measurable confusion. “The Lady Sif was with me on Asgard; she could not have assailed you.” He scowls. “And I do not take kindly to your aspersions.”
“Does she lower inhibition?”
“Loki says you’ve developed a resistance to controlling magics,” Tony relays in a disgruntled tone. He pops the faceplate to reveal his moue. Clint looks like he’s caught between murderous impulses and pride. “Does that mean you’ve tried shite on us recently?”
“Perish the thought, Mr. Stark.”
Tony stares down at the workbench, fingers drumming on the metal surface as he thinks. The lines of his shoulders are tight beneath his singlet, skin stained with black viscosity and sweat. Steve licks his lips and waits.
Tony, bless him, has rolled up his sleeve without a wince. He offers his arm to Strange, who picks up an athame and slices across Tony’s forearm without so much as a warning. Tony sucks in a breath, but otherwise doesn’t react. It’s an unbearably familiar expression on his face, and it makes Steve ache to see it.
“I think maybe you should call Dr. Lohdi.”
Tony loves to watch her work.
,” Tony breathes.
“You know he doesn’t even like apple pie? I told him it was un-American and he said they didn’t get enough fresh apples and sugar to waste on pies in ration time. Unbelievable.” Tony tries not to laugh as Clint tosses the apple peel in the trash. “Pie isn’t a waste.”
him?”
“Sir, I really think you should tell the team.”
“Curtain number one,” the speakers chirped cheerfully, a door to his left sliding open, and Steve stared at the hallway full of drunkenly-stumbling Hydra agents and braced himself for a long, long night.
Steve nodded, fingering the little box in his pocket. It had been short notice, at the height of the holiday season, but as soon as Joe knew what Steve wanted the ring for, he’d insisted. The holidays were the best time for proposals, Joe’d told him, very serious. He wanted Steve to know that he was a personal fan of the Rockefeller Center proposal, himself. Steve didn’t really have a plan, yet, but he figured he’d keep it with him. He’d know the right moment when it happened.
Natasha narrows her eyes at him, measuring his resolve before nodding, once. Tony swallows, then punches in Pepper’s number.
“I don’t like killing,” Tony says stubbornly, but he looks hunted, now.
"Oh?" Loki says, suddenly very close. Tony raises his head to meet the mage's eye across the bar. "And do you?"
They’d scheduled some time out of Tony’s business trip to just be together. Tony had asked Steve to come with him, offering to show him around town, let him see Stark corporate. The SI campus was enormous, practically its own town, and Steve had marvelled at the compound. Mostly, though, he’d just enjoyed his time with Tony. He knew the alpha had been worried about being attentive enough to an omega long-term, but he was determined to convince Tony that he was in it for the long haul. He didn’t want anyone else. He couldn’t even imagine it.
“Georgia the country.”
, God help him, the fighting. When they were good, they were good, but when they spoke past each other or butted heads it was like a flash grenade, blinding fury and panic every time. He’d meant it when he told Tony that no one could rile him up like him. Tony affected him in ways he didn’t quite understand, pulling out that fragile, angry part of him that he thought he’d put away after the serum. Maybe it was just that Tony made him feel like a little kid again, vulnerable, all his weak parts exposed to the sharp metal of Tony’s wit.
“Be nice, he’s crying for godssakes.” He offers Thor an apologetic smile. “Sorry, buddy, I didn’t think you’d…well. He’s fine, obviously. I wouldn’t kill him unless I really had to.”
Steve frowned. Was that JARVIS?
“I believe anyone can be a hero,” Steve says stubbornly. “I’ve fought alongside men and women without any enhancements, and they’re just as brave as any so-called superhero. I think the idea that superheroes are special is dangerous.”
that Steve—and apparently Tony, which is more interesting—has never seen before.
Steve turns, glancing over his shoulder at the shield propped up on the couch, shining and new as Tony always makes it look every time he takes it down to the workshop for “some love, come here you poor thing, what did the bad man do to you, tell me,” cooing and petting it like a mistreated child. He knows – as he knows most things these days, by repetition of scientist after expert telling him so – that the shield is relatively unbreakable. There is nothing that he could do to harm it, beyond ruining the fine coat of specially crafted, Stark-engineered paint.
“Cap,” she said, and Steve took a breath, nodding at her. She’d worn her blockers, and Steve couldn’t express how grateful he was.
“What?” Tony prods, and Natasha’s jaw tightens. She’s letting him see her, he knows.
“And none of the other suits are comparable in field tests,” Tony grumbles, rubbing a hand over his face. He glances over at Rhodey, who is already poking at the sparking elbow joint of the War Machine armour. There’s a long black Gerber sticking out of it, and Tony whistles low.
“We connected, I think. I had become the best Widow that the program had ever produced. They began to partner us on missions.” Here, she smiles. “I thought I was in love.”
, he thinks again, remembering Bambi’s big brown eyes.
He thinks about trying to touch Tony this morning, but the man barely stops long enough for Steve to try. He’s a whirlwind, getting dressed with an efficiency that betrays his desire to hide from what happened between them. He doesn’t speak to Steve again, and when Steve reaches out and brushes his fingers over the jut of bone at Tony’s shoulder, he flinches away. It’s enough to make Steve’s breath trip in his throat.
“Mm,” she hums, thin lips stretching into a smile. Her long fingers flex, testing, pale skin a sharp contrast to the dark wood. “People think that he’s some sort of wild chaotic force that I keep on a leash. It’s how the media paints him, but mostly I think that’s how the world wishes things to be. That’s what you wish, isn’t that right, Captain?”
It’s not a kink, per se.
Tony blinks. “What?” he demands, straightening a little. “That’s…that’s not possible. Are you sure?”
“Due to recent tensions with Latveria, satellite usage is being much more strictly monitored. I cannot access the correctly-positioned satellites swiftly without attracting attention, and I have been explicitly prohibited from doing so unless specifically ordered by Sir.” JARVIS sounded both frustrated and apologetic, and not for the first time Steve wondered how much of that was for his benefit and how much was meant to express what JARVIS was truly feeling. “He says he cannot protect me if the world thinks I am dangerous. Whether or not I feel the need to be protected is, of course, irrelevant.”
“Time to go, Spidey.”
“If you want, I could walk in there right now. You could be free from the bond, no trauma, no foul.” Steve tilted his head up to meet Tony’s gaze, steeling himself. He was ready. He would take responsibility, like he should have done ages ago.
“Don’t sass me,” Tony says drumming his fingers on the edge of the table. “Jesus, am I that much of a mess?”
, Steve, Steve please,
Reed hmms at something on the readout, curious enough that Sue takes a break from her glowering to peek over his shoulder. Reed reclaims his hand from his son’s shoulders as he and Sue enter deep into a discussion about psionics and astral projection, and Franklin sighs and turns to Tony with a beleaguered expression that has no business on the face of a small child.
“I shouldn’t have to! He thinks he’s my soulmate, doesn’t he?”
“Sorry,” Steve says, muscles locking up, and Tony keeps his thighs tight around Steve’s waist. “I- I’m sorry.” That familiar blotchy blush begins to spread down his neck. “I…is this okay?”
Steve really did mean to sleep, but even standing in their bedroom and smelling his scent entwined with the faded remnants of Tony’s made him feel like he was crawling out of his skin. Instead he took a shower, again using Tony’s products even though he could hear his alpha complaining in his ear that they had different hair and skin types, that Steve’s was more delicate and he should be using his own shampoo. There was no chance of running out of hot water, and Steve didn’t know how long he stood there, letting the water jets beat against his back at scalding enough temperatures to release at least some of the tension coiled inside of him. His entire body felt like one big bruise.
Tony rolls to the right as something slices through the space he’d been occupying only seconds before. “What the fuck is that?”
What follows is a Really Long Meta and you can skip it if you don’t care! No worries either way, I just wanted to address some comments.
“That’s not it,” he tries, but Steve isn’t having any of that. He rolls them with a quick movement, until Tony is pinned underneath him. He presses a soft kiss to Tony’s ear.
“Oh,” Tony says. He glances over towards where Steve had just been sitting. A hollow pit opens in his stomach, and from it, something rouses and crawls to the surface: something poisonous, and sour, with rows and rows of spiny teeth. “I guess I can see how that could be…overwhelming. First time properly smelling me or whatever.”
“Because,” Steve says, a dangerous rumble in his voice. “You-“ He grits his teeth, frustrated. “You
“Do you know what you’re doing?” Bruce asks, not looking up from where he’s pouring Tony another cup of coffee.
For the most part, Steve’s avoided places that featured heavily in his life from Before. He’d known, in some instinctual way, that he wasn’t quite ready. It was why SHIELD had put him up in a little cabin in the woods for several months. Everything in the new world is bright and fast and loud. Even now, he dreads leaving the tower, even when it’s to help people in need. The city in recovery is twice as overwhelming; jackhammers, and cranes, and thousands of memorials full of flowers and candles and photos of the dead everywhere he looks. It’s enough to make him want to crawl back into the woods and stay there until the ringing in his head is quieted once more by the crickets and the night owls—the sound of the wind through the trees.
“Yes,” Steve agreed, tugging him towards the elevator.
Devastated. Perhaps that’s the word. He rolls it around in his mouth as he watches Tony and Carol pass a joint between them, as far across the room as he can manage comfortably. He wants to give them privacy, but he can’t bear the thought of leaving Tony alone right now. Of returning to that place, the room with his dead body lying still and cold.
“Shall I add Dr. Banner’s cooking to the list of potential threats?”
Bruce nodded, then turned back to the table. “Can you see if those curry puffs have beef in them?”
“Leave it, Bruce.”
“He needs you,” Bruce says, and Tony takes in a slow, shaking breath. He turns back to the silent stairwell.
“Well,” Rogers said philosophically, “if you’re gonna be like that about it-”
Natasha waits. Tony decides she’s been spending way too much time with Bruce.
“Fight the man,” he says, jogging out towards the elevator. He refuses eye contact with Steve hovering by the control panel, expression fragile. “Thanks for the warning, J, really,” he says under his breath, then louder, “Sorry, gotta run, no time to chat.”
He watches Cap stitch himself back together, haphazard as any battle medic. He’s prepping for the rallying blow, and oh how Tony wants it. He hasn’t had a good, cutting fight in ages, Steve always holding back out of pity, and he’s been saving this. It’s been boiling up inside him and he hadn’t even known it, vitriol and turpitude wrapped up in a fluffy pie crust of daddy issues and self-loathing.
“Good night Captain America. Good night Tony.”
to you. I, uh. I watched some of your interviews, where you talk about gender and sex and anti-dynamicism. I hope that’s ok. It seems like it’s really shaped your political beliefs and your moral principles. I want to know your mind.”
Steve waited for the laptop to boot up for a long time, not sure what exactly he was looking for, but knowing that Google was generally a good place to start. It took longer than he thought to get a computer to work after not touching it for over a year, but eventually he got it going, the little fans on the bottom of the machine whirring so hard that Steve was worried it would break. The StarkTech they all used was just so quiet. Steve had forgotten what it was like to have to deal with a subpar machine. In this, as everything else, Tony had spoiled him.
“I have plenty of ways to pleasure an omega that aren’t my cock,” Tony retorted, and Steve hummed in agreement, trying not to laugh. “She needs my fingers for building and my mouth for talking investors into giving us money.” He winked outrageously at Steve, which only made Steve want to kiss him.
“And just now?” Peter says, and Tony lets loose a shaky laugh.
Tony always speaks so fast. It’s astounding, really. In the five minute clip, Tony manages to deliver an impassioned political diatribe, talk about the importance of clean energy, and allude to his apparently well-earned reputation of sexual prowess all in one go. Watching Tony spar verbally with this woman was like watching a particularly lively tennis match. Steve’s heart was in his throat for the whole clip, and all he kept thinking was:
“You don’t think I will like your answer,” he decides. “About my earlier question.”
Steve flushed, half pleasure and half embarrassment at the admonishment.
Spiderman slumps. “That’s it? We’re just giving up?” He rounds on Strange, who says nothing, then Tony, who is already pushing himself to standing. “You, Tony Stark, are giving up?”
Some of it, probably, is jealousy. Steve’s dreamed about Tony scenting him. He’s woken to soiled sheets at the memory of it, something that hasn’t happened since he was a teenage alpha in the year after his presentation. Tony smells like nothing Steve’s ever smelled before: coconut and copper, yes, but also the static feeling of electricity. He imagines licking over Tony’s throat and feeling it in his hair follicles, like putting his tongue in a socket. Lightning. Tony smells like ozone and lightning. Wet earth and wind. A summer storm. It’s delicious. It’s intoxicating. It drives Steve mad. He goes around the tower sometimes burying his nose into places where Tony’s been: the pillows on the couch, and a kitchen towel, and the dirty laundry in the gym. Twice now he’s lost all sense and stolen something to bring back to his room: first, a sweaty towel that Tony must have wiped his neck on after boxing with Happy Hogan; second, a shop rag, marked with the acrid scent of the machine oil and grease that so often lingers under Tony’s fingernails. He’d touched himself, thinking of Tony putting his dirty hands all over him, marking him up. He wants to wear Tony’s blackened handprints under his clothes all day, a mark of ownership. He wants Tony to make a mess of him.
“No,” Steve rasped, gasping, but he stilled when Tony dragged his thumb over his lips again.
“JARVIS?” Steve said, the first time he’d spoken to the AI in days.
"How can you tell?" Cap asks, turning to face him. He's breathing heavily, a burn mark scraped across one purpling cheekbone. Tony pops his faceplate and touches it, lightly. Cap leans into the metal a little, and Tony smiles. "I'm alright. The cold feels nice, though."
“You can see me,” Steve says, dumbly.
At first, it was insignificant, physical things. He loved the way Tony’s eyes crinkled when he smiled, the way they glittered like gems in the light when he was happy and laughing and Steve managed to get him to leave the workshop. Tony’s precise facial hair made Steve want to mess him up a little, thinking about what he’d look like with Steve’s slick smeared through it, the way it would feel against his skin. His hands were graceful, fluttering as they moved through workshop holo-screens. Tony was a handsome man, and that was no secret. There was no shame in it, and Steve was only human. He’d been attracted to alphas before, and he’d told himself it would pass. Tony was off-limits. Tony was his friend.
“If you find yourself at a loss, I am sure Miss Potts would be overjoyed if you completed some of the paperwork she’s sent you.”
“Good.”
Tony doesn’t know what to say to that, so he steps out of the quinjet and heads into the tower, ignoring Rhodey’s shout. It’s pouring rain, lightning crackling threateningly over the city in bright flashes. Thunder booms overhead, and Tony doesn’t even see the blow coming before he’s flat on his back, Thor standing over him wreathed in blind fury. A gust of wind slaps fat raindrops against the glass walls, howling all around them.
“Awesome,” Tony says, taking a deep breath. He taps his fingers on the reactor, trying to keep it together. “Do you have footage?”
Bruce blinked at him. “What makes you say that?” There was no offence in his tone—just pure, scientific curiosity.
So. This is obviously not the end. Everyone will kiss and make up, including Tony and Bruce. Especially Tony and Bruce! But I think also this is a good segue into a) how completely fucked up Tony is during IM3, and b) Steve being really bitter while Nat tries to set him up with anyone who has a pulse. I’ve never written IM3 fic before, tbh because I’m a PoC and I found that film offensive for various reasons. (Alas, Iron-Man can often be a problematic fave…especially the old Mandarin comics lol.) But canonically that’s what happens next, so we’re probably looking at this series’ climax culminating with the events of that film. Yay, PTSD Christmas for everyone!
“Congratulations!” The priest’s words are filled with unmitigated delight. “My the Lord bless your bond and grant you happiness in the years to come.”
“This is a security taskforce, Thad, not the International Olympic Committee! If you want to make that argument to the senate, be my guest, but Stark’s right; there’s no way you’ll get the bill through a democratically controlled congress, and I won’t be a part of it. We’d be in direct violation of the constitutional rights of American citizens, and I, for one, don’t support apartheid.”
“No, you can’t,” Bruce counters, shaking his head. “If he can catch the shield, he can catch your arrows. You’d need a perfect opening, and with his enhanced capabilities we don’t know how much voltage is needed to take him down without killing him. And you’ll have another job.”
“And?” Tony is very carefully not looking away from the monitors. They’re on treacherous ground. Steve can’t help but put a hand on the nape of Tony’s neck. It’s still the one spot Steve can reach when he’s in the armour, and for a moment it seems like Tony relaxes into it: boneless, trusting, like Steve’s used to.
“Stark,” Loki says, and Tony laughs, breathless and absolutely wrung dry after the ridiculous fucking day he’s had.
“You’re wrong,” Peter tells him. His voice is low and fierce, coiled tension in his body. “You’ll see. We’ll prove it.”
, he remembers. Before the War. Before they’d broken apart. Bitter jealousy curls through him.
“Tony,” Steve whimpers, and Tony pulls both tentacles away from his cock entirely at the same time that he drives his hectocotylus into Steve, deep and fast and hard as he can, skating right over Steve’s sweet spot every time.
Bruce glances back down at his papers, then sucks his bottom lip into his mouth in thought.
“Yes-” Tony manages, a half-bitten off kind of sound, and his eyes are closed. His eyes are closed, but Steve can imagine what he’s seeing. He knows. He knows, because Tony said he could stay. Tony kissed him.
The tower kitchen is bustling this morning, and a cheer goes up when he comes into the room. Sam comes forward to embrace him. Clint. Bucky. Luke gives him a back-slapping hug. He finds Hank and initiates that one as a thank you, makes a note to stop by the Baxter Building with something nice for the Richards’. He lets Jarvis ply him with waffles and strawberries and heaps of butter and maple syrup. He wiggles his fingers at Danni. All around him, everyone is touching him, smiling at him.
“I’m sure,” Tony says shortly, and she nods. A grimace crosses her face, and she takes a breath, her huge black combat boots shuffling awkwardly on the glossy marble floor. Through the broken glass behind her, Tony can see people crawling out of rubble and shouting for each other across the wreckage of overturned halal carts. It’s been a long, long day in New York. Then add on: some severe internal bleeding after an outrider managed to impale Iron-Man using his own momentum while he was going 469 miles per hour; Tony crashing and nearly bleeding out; being uncovered by The Runaways with only Nico Minoru to save him from death; Minoru forgetting she’d already used “comfrey” as a healing spell and apparently, she
,” he says, delighted. “This is the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
He is deeply, transparently grateful when Bethany Cabe makes an appearance four days in. She takes one look at Tony, passed out diagonally on the workshop cot in all his clothes, and hauls him up with one arm.
“Steve made this?” he asks.
“There will be a hundred, thousand eulogies written to the monomyth of Captain America,” Tony says, and Steve bites his lip on a sad smile, because he already knows what Tony’s gonna say next. “I’m not here for that. I’m here to talk about my friend, Steve Rogers: a chronically-ill, second-generation Irish immigrant, who against all odds, fought for what was right again and again, no matter what it cost him.
“I dreamed of this for so long,” Steve confesses, not a self-conscious bone in his body, and that…that’s way too much for Tony to handle at this hour. Steve is too much for him.
“Very Odyssean,” Bruce snorted, caught somewhere between laughter and horror. “Jesus Christ, Tony.”
“I know.”
"My apologies," Loki says. It sounds like he's laughing, the asshole. "They didn't get what they came for."
. The word spits in his mind like an angry, bitter thing. It hurts, to know that all he’d had to do, all this time, was let himself fall.
That’s a plea he knows he can’t fulfil. Tony knows it, too. “Sorry,” he slurs. He offers Tony an apologetic smile.
“What should I do with you, Captain Rogers?” he murmurs to himself.
“No,” he decides, mouth twisting into a moue. “Steve won’t like any of this, and his stubbornness isn’t exactly what we need at the negotiating table right now. And he’s still in recovery.”
He still wants to lick him all over.
moral compass. It is, in fact, the only thing I have never, ever needed to do for him. Because if that’s the case, it means that Tony is right, and everyone who hates him or belittles him or looks down on him is wrong. People don’t
,” he groans. “Marry me.”
“Have I mentioned I hate this? Because I really hate this.”
“Well, that’s the tricky part. I didn’t want to kill them, so I just let them pass out, then kept it low-oxygen. Nothing low enough to cause brain damage, just to incapacitate them, so as soon as I start opening things up, they’re gonna begin to revive. It’s probably best to go section by section. I can direct the team.” There was another crackle. “
By the time Steve steps out of the bathroom, he’s mostly calmed himself down, and is making what he feels is an excellent attempt at pretending to be fast asleep. He can hear Steve pause in the doorway, a quiet laugh, and then the soft sound of his footfalls on the carpet. He feels a warm hand skate up his back, and he makes a soft sound and arches into the touch because he can’t stop himself.
“Steven Grant Rogers.”
Tony isn’t listening. He’s walking across the broken balcony tile on bare feet, and his blood is rushing so loud in his ears he feels like he can’t hear anything. His heart is going to crawl out of his throat.
He taps the arc reactor in time to his footsteps, fine leather and metal, keratin and crystal. He's ticking down to something, he can feel it building sharp and static, but he doesn't know what it is. All he knows is that the fallout will be magnificent.
“I was hoping to put off this little tete-a-tete longer. Barton’s okay?”
Soon, the snow would begin to build, crowning the scrub and brush with white, covering the road in a freezing slush. The sheriff had been gone for two days, long enough for the coyotes and the carrion birds to come picking at a man injured and lying in the dirt. This snow would be the last kiss of death on his tired body.
They hadn’t done much kissing, the first time. It had been a rough, gasping thing: quick and dirty, without anything approaching words. He remembered the feeling of Rogers above him, panting, one hand flat on the ground beside Tony’s head as he ground his hips down. Towards the end, Rogers had groaned into his mouth, lips brushing as they both worked towards a frantic conclusion, but Tony wouldn’t really call that a proper kiss.
” Tony pressed down on his sweet spot with two fingers and Steve couldn’t help but shout, fingers digging into the sheets.
Steve nodded. “I’ll be fine. I think I was just feeling a little needy.” He smiled, licking his lips. “But I’m satisfied for now.”
Steve takes the glass with a resigned kind of amusement that’s all too familiar since the conception of the Avengers. He takes a wary sniff, nodding at the sweet, almost cloying tang of the mead wafting up from the glass. “Loki saved me,” Steve says to the golden liquid.
He finds Steve out on the balcony.
Tony doesn’t answer. He’s too busy trying to keep himself from breaking down into tears like a stupid fucking kid.
“Got too exciting for Bruce, huh?” Steve asked, already knowing the answer. Bruce was a sore loser, and Mario Kart was a bit too high-energy for his tastes.
“Pepper!” Tony crows, shocked. He bursts into helpless laughter. “You, too?”
"A company car is still here to take your merry band away. I just haven't seen you in a while, so I thought-"
“Party foul,” Tony says mildly, letting Thor step through the door first. “You know the drill, JARVIS.”
“What are you saying please for, hmm?” Tony rumbled, and Steve gasped as Tony ground down over his sweet spot and stars burst from behind his eyelids.
“Happiness,” Tony says, slowly, thinking about JARVIS and human touch and data. “High bar, huh Locksley?”
"He's talking to me. It's like he's inside my suit and I feel like I need a shower."
It was no wonder Tony could barely even look at him.
“Upon your miraculous resurrection, the rights, trademarks, and patents associated with the Captain America image, character, and name were passed back to you, which you know. What lies behind this door is the remains of Howard Stark’s personal collection of Captain America memorabilia, products, and other associated items. This exempts anything on loan to the Smithsonian.” Here she hesitates for a moment, looking conflicted, before she straightens up and puts her hand on the doorknob. She holds out the StarkPad. “I am a busy woman, Captain, but I wanted to be here for this. Everything in the room is yours, to do as you see fit. Everything has been assigned a barcode, which can be scanned in order to attach notes to its file. If there is anything you want shipped, or donated, or whatever it may be, you may mark it down. Do you have any questions?”
Tony surveys the sparse room. As soon as he leaves here, he knows, JARVIS will re-engage the heavy magnets that bolt all of the furniture down to the cold metal floor. Every single object in this room is hard steel, and once the safety engages, it’ll be impossible to move anything. The magnets’ calibration is built for Steve’s strength. The bed is just a shikibuton; no sheets to strangle herself or others, no springs to stab through someone’s eye socket, no sharp edges. After that, the cuffs will release. The door won’t be able to be unlocked unless she voluntarily puts them on again, even from the outside.
“I love you,” Steve says, leaning in to press a warm, grinning kiss to Tony’s mouth, “more than freedom, and justice, and Americ-”
“Fuck me,” he gasped, eyes rolling back as Tony came back with two fingers and then his tongue, hot and wet and everywhere. He rocked his hips back, whining at how good it was, how good Tony always made him feel. “Oh, alpha, my alpha,
“As many as you can give me,” Tony says, and Joyce hums and turns to her tablet.
“Stay the fuck back,” Stark snaps, pointing at him, and Steve stops at the direct command. “Just- you stay there.”
“Right,” Steve said, shaking himself a little.
As soon as he’d held the ring in his hands, gold titanium alloy inset with a single round ruby, any doubts Steve had held before fled like shadows from the midday sun. His anxieties about Tony’s SI date had lessened as well. The band was smooth, the stone set back so that nothing stuck out to catch on the armour or get in the way of Tony working. He knew that Tony would probably have to take it off with regularity; all of the factory workers Steve had known had kept their rings on a chain. So Steve had bought a sturdy chain, too, coiled up in the bottom of the box under the little ring pedastal.
“You’re right,” Steve says again, and Hulk huffs at him. “Do you think you could let Banner come back anytime soon?”
“Okay,” Steve says, quietly. He takes a slow, deep breath. “Okay.”
“Who says I want to?” Steve replies, grinning. Tony blinks at him, briefly startled. “Now come on, where’s the battle footage?”
“Come on,” Steve says, and he sounds exhausted, too. “You’re not gonna like this one bit.”
So maybe Tony had been right. Maybe there was a part of him that had been, how did he phrase it? Dedicated to Victorian-era pining from afar? He strokes his thumb over the papery skin of Tony’s wrist, uses Tony’s hand to cup his own cheek. He presses an apologetic kiss to the palm of his hand. He wishes more than anything that he could have the scent of Tony’s skin: warm salt, orange pumice soap, the fancy herbal-smelling shampoos and deodorants he uses. He closes his eyes, presses a kiss to Tony’s knuckles.
“Tony, please.”
“Stark,” Ross warns, and Tony rolls his eyes.
“Yes, omega,” he murmured, and Steve’s chest filled full with soft, fluttering swarms of joy. Even without Tony’s touch, he could feel him: warm, and close, and his. “Haven’t I told you? You always get what you want.”
“Tony,” Steve says, suddenly unsettled, “where are we going?”
“Tony,” he gaps, and Tony dives back in and kisses him, fingers clenching hard in the meat of his arse. It makes Steve moan, bucking up against him, and the sound he makes when his cock skates over one slick tentacle is obscene. His fingers tighten almost painfully on Tony’s jaw before he’s able to control himself again, but he’s lost all finesse to his kissing. He’s almost panting for it, his mouth open against Tony’s, eyes squeezed shut with pleasure, mouthing his next words more than he says them. “Oh my God.”
I M S O R R Y, Steve says anyway. It makes Tony’s eyes crinkle at him, a smile lighting up his face.
Steve’s thought a lot about what he’ll say when Tony eventually asks the question of him. He knows it’s coming, has known since the first time Tony let him touch his skin. Still, he doesn’t know how to articulate what he feels. Felt. Feels? He certainly can’t articulate it in Morse, limited as he is.
“Got the idea he wasn’t very good to you,” Steve says carefully. “Not that I’m altogether surprised to hear it. Not everyone should be a father.” He sucks in a breath, realising what he sounds like. “Not that I mean he was a bad man, he was a friend, I just mean-”
Tony lets out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding. “How long were you watching?”
“Jesus,” Rhodey says, and Tony shuts it off.
“Yes,” Natasha agrees. She sucks in a breath, the first sign of any kind of distress, and then her expression shifts. Something in it turns, becomes kind. Her eyes flicker behind him, pass over Steve’s face before they move back to Tony’s. “In the beginning, I told Steve that I don’t make mistakes. I was talking about your SHIELD evaluation.”
It was a gross oversimplification of the situation, too romantic. The stress of breaking a bond overwhelmed the body’s endocrine system. Sometimes, it was too much of a shock, and rarely, people died from it. Sometimes the void left after the biological imperative of years of co-dependency drove people to madness after a mate’s death, but the studies were unclear. Many of the subjects involved in the study had lost their mates traumatically. Others had been bonded for many years, and were already reaching old age. Its validity had been called into question. Steve knew, because he’d wanted to be ready when he had to argue his case to Tony. He’d done his homework. He liked to think he was a logical kind of man.
Tony swallows. Steve’s eyes are so deep in the fading light of day. Like looking down into the Pacific, the waves rocking him in their white-capped embrace. Steve was like that—something so strong it was undeniable, a force of nature wrapped up in wheat-gold hair and his damnable clotted-cream Irish skin that freckled briefly under too much sun.
“Do not let him hear you say so,” Thor warns, but his grin is wide enough to set his usually-stormy eyes sparkling. They darken as Tony watches, filling with self-doubt. Tony knows that particular look intimately. “Sometimes I feel as though I am missing something essential, something that my brother and mother and father were all gifted at birth whilst I was overlooked.”
Tony blinks at him. “Excuse me?”
“Yeah,” Clint answers, and Thor braces his hands on his knees in clear discomfort.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, and Tony took a deep breath, leaning in to press a kiss to Steve’s brow.
Hulk smirks at that. “Star Man stupid,” he tells Steve. “Star Man make Tin Man think Star Man not like him.”
“Hey, big fella,” Steve says, and Hulk turns to look at him.
“They have called reinforcements,” Amora says abruptly, sounding furious. “We must flee.”
“It’s weird,” Tony says, and for a moment, Steve isn’t sure what he’s talking about. “It’s crazy, even, maybe.”
“Easy,” Tony quipped, grinning wolfishly. “Satisfaction, the wonder of modern blockers, and—when all else fails—NDAs and aggressive lawyers. Thanks to the efforts of activists working tirelessly for decades, my right to non-disclosure is now protected by law. God bless America.”
“You had been working to clear a hospital, isn’t that right?”
The projection starts up, the lights dimming in the workshop to allow for better visibility. Steve watches the blue light play over Tony’s face, eyes flickering over the miniaturised versions of their teammates as they flit back and forth, smashing doom bots and dodging energy blasts. His expression is serious, focussed in the way he gets whenever he’s actually dedicated to a task. A cookie takes an absentminded path into his mouth.
Steve shakes his head. “Shoulda guessed,” he says, mournfully. “You’re too stiff to be army.”
“I want him to suffer!” the voice skirls, but someone else is reasoning with her, voice low and accented, pleasant. The woman collapses into sobs.
“I can!” Pepper snaps, nothing but steel in her spine, and Steve takes a breath. He is panting, slightly, Pepper’s nostrils flaring in response as she tries to calm herself. “It’s simple math. You wish Tony was some sort of wild, off-the-handle, uncontrollable idiot savant because you want to be the leash. His leash. The world wishes that were true, because the alternative is this: Tony really is that much smarter than everyone, and his futurist brain is always thinking sixteen steps ahead of the next big thing, and he seems wild because he is responding to things that no one else can see yet. It is more terrifying to think that Tony Stark doesn’t need an external compass, or that
“I see.”
Steve blinked, baffled at the bait-and-switch. “I don’t understand,” he said, again. He pressed a gentle hand to the glass, wanting so desperately to touch Tony, to provide and receive comfort from his mate. He settled for Tony crouching down to meet him, pressing his forehead to the place where Steve’s hand was.
"No, you know what to do."
“Tony?”
“I was thinking about tossing a log on the fire.”
“Fuck, J, what’s happening?”
There’s a long moment wherein Steve’s face does something complicated, something that Tony doesn’t quite understand. There’s fear there, and self-loathing, things Tony is both intimately familiar with and baffled to see on Steve’s face, something that still, after all this time sometimes reads to Tony like Greek marble or an American landscape painting: something timeless and classically beautiful, inhuman and unchanging. After a second, the familiar steals over him, steady determination slipping over his high cheekbones as sure as his cowl. He turns to Tony with a wry smile, the kind that Tony’s always hated. He much prefers when Steve’s grin is bright and effortless, a little shit-eating, a little mischievous. He hates this bitter thing that’s birthed from Steve’s own self-flagellation and grief.
“Hey. Stop flirting with my daughter and let her eat her breakfast,” Luke grumbles at him, and Tony and Steve snort in unison. “Dani, baby, the banana goes
“Got it,” Bruce said, and the image disappeared again.
Flower tilted her head to the side in answer, staring at something only she could hear, and Tony hopped off his horse and set off the road in the direction she’d pointed.
“Like you haven’t already.”
Steve thought about all the times he’d been up in the penthouse right after a run, that he’d sparred with Tony, that they’d played one-on-one, and kind of wanted to jump through one of the plate glass windows.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m…” Tony swallows, licking his lips. Steve’s eyes follow the motion, and for a breath or two the tension between them ratchets, shifts sideways and solidifies into dark desire creeping out from an unexpected corner and catching Tony ‘round the waist. His face feels hot, and Steve is definitely blushing, blotchy and red and unfairly adorable. “God, Steve, you know I’m no good at this.”
“The securement of Sir’s happiness and wellbeing,” JARVIS said, and Steve froze, lifting his hand gently away from the page to prevent an accident. JARVIS’ voice was warm, filled with contentment, and Steve could feel his throat clog. He hadn’t cried during his engagement, but he certainly wanted to now.
“Okay,” he says. He steps forward into the room, slowly, as though Steve is something fragile and ready to be spooked. He is, really. “Can I touch you?”
Steve shakes his head. In any other case, sure, he’d be overwhelmed. But today this is exactly what he wants. All of the people he loves looking at him,
Cap smiles, thin and mirthless. It’s the most familiar expression Tony’s seen on his face yet, which hurts a bit. He hates it when Cap gets bitter. “Because I’ll hate myself even more if I don’t try to save you.” His head turns, and he throws a hand out to catch at the elevator’s cable, twisting them around just in time to take a hit through a passing floor’s doors. It dissipates mostly without harm, but hot metal flecks splatter across his shoulders, a punishment he takes without comment.
“Hello?”
“Tony, fuck me.”
"Rhodes is neutral in this. You could have told him."
It was a few days ‘til Christmas proper. Tony’s gift was almost finished, but Steve didn’t think that either of them could really top the gift they’d already given each other. Still, there was one last person he’d callously forgotten all about until recently, and he had no idea what to get them.
“I’m just saying, sounds like magic. Soulmates, true love’s kiss, something-”
Tony shakes his head. “Howard didn’t push treatment on me, believe it or not,” he says. “He wanted me to be an alpha. The only treatment any doctor would have given me would have made me more omega. He wanted me to pass as an alpha, but I didn’t want that. I felt…I just wanted to opt-out. D, none of the above. So I got cortisone supplements from a discrete, progressive doctor, and I joined the anti-dynamic movement.” He shrugs. “I was really lucky. My parents supported me, even if it was for the wrong reasons. And we were connected. But that’s not at all the case for most intersex people. If I’d been a female omega, they probably would have done surgery on me without my consent. Sometimes doctors don’t even tell the parents. They just operate on babies, make ‘em look ‘normal’ by a fucked standard. Better for everyone to spare them the
“Ouch,” Tony says, because,
“Yeah, until the captain interrupted me,” he said darkly, and Steve offered him his best smile. “Uh huh.”
“Come here, just, get
, he thinks.
“Sorry,” Steve says, swallowing.
“He may be lying in wait where the captain is, yes.”
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve says, and he’s not
“Without taking them out,” Pepper finishes. Her voice shakes a bit, but she doesn’t hesitate, and Tony remembers all over again why he loved her, why he loves her, and deeply. “When do you need it?”
“Tony,” Steve panted, and then his tongue was there, and Steve’s cock was pressed between his stomach and the sheets, and Steve came again.
“The U.N. is having a panel discussion about the situation this week.”
Tony huffs a laugh. “It’s
“Touch me,” he gasped, pulling his mouth away with a filthy sound that went straight to Steve’s cock. Tony smiled, slipping his hands up Steve’s flank to thumb at his nipples. “
“That’s better,” Steve pants. He leans down and takes Tony’s mouth in a kiss. There’s saltwater everywhere, dripping from the tip of his nose. It gets into Tony’s mouth as they kiss, open-mouthed and sloppy with laughter and heaving breaths. Steve pulls back and nudges their noses together. “There you are.”
“Yeah.”
“I know who you are,” Evan says, but he tucks the sign with Steve’s name printed on it under his left arm and lets Steve shake his hand anyway. “I was supposed to replace Mr. Hogan as Mr. Stark’s driver and bodyguard, but he hardly ever needs me. Mr. Hogan said I should make myself available to you as well.”
Maria types something into the computer, and the chamber begins to slide closed again. Steve jumps out as quick as he can. There’s nothing more unsettling than being sealed into his own coffin. After his first attempts at moving his body, he’d given up quickly. It was too much of a trip to lie in his own lifeless flesh and will it to move. It just made him feel more dead.
“Enough.” He spares Peter a tired smile. “Didn’t you have a previous engagement this afternoon?”
Loki looks thoughtful, then apologetic, petting Tony’s sides and moving up to kiss the corner of his mouth. “I meant no harm,” he says, licking into Tony’s mouth. Tony lets him, tension stringing his body. “I only wished to see.”
Our eyes adjust to the dark.
Franklin beams at him. He clutches his stuffed friend to his chest. Then he turns and sets off at a run, peeling down the hall faster than Steve can manage to tell him to slow down.
“Before I give you any information, you have to promise me you’ll shut this thing down,” Tony says, meeting Coulson’s eyes evenly.
“Fuck me,” he says, and Tony laughs. He spreads Steve with his hands, pulling his cheeks apart to watch as his ligula worms its way back into Steve’s body. He’s pink and swollen, here, dusted with a fine layer of near-invisible blonde hair. He clenches greedily around Tony as he pushes in, deeper, all the way until his suckers are sitting at the rim, just outside of Steve’s body.
Steve’s halfway through the Sunday Times Crossword on a Tuesday afternoon, but he’s finding it hard to focus. Generally, the crossword is passed from him to Bruce to Tony, in ascending order of ‘who’s the most likely to solve this.’ He’s stuck on 14 down, but putting the paper back on the kitchen table for Bruce to pick at means giving up, and well. The less said about his ability to do that, the better.
The appeal of this, in the moments when Tony’s let himself think about it, rests largely on two things: intimate hands-on bondage, and the staggering implications of a prehensile cock. He lets the ridged tip of his ligula slide against Steve’s inner walls, slow and mean, until he finds the place he’s looking for and curls into it, vicious and with more dexterity than a normal human cock would be able to.
“Why are you embarrassed?” Tony asks, curiosity sparkling to life in his veins. He sits up a little. “Look at you, Pinkie Pie, you’re adorable.”
“Let me help you,” Tony says, immediately.
“Remember Rocky Horror?” Bruce says, holding a bowl over Steve’s shoulder.
“Oh, you like that idea?”
Tony exhales sharply, pulling away, but Loki doesn’t let him get far. He slips his hands around Tony’s neck, sliding his fingernails gently over the back of his skull in a way that makes Tony want to curl up and be pet.
It doesn’t take much for Tony after that, his head dipping down to rest against Steve’s collarbone. He pants against the skin, his hips stuttering as his body locks up, and then he’s coming so hard he loses track of time. Steve is still gasping beneath him, legs tight around Tony’s waist, and Tony collapses on top of him with a huff, burying his face in Steve’s neck.
F O R G I V E Y O U
“Oh, no,” Tony says, laughing. He shakes his head. “I am not falling for that. I’m wearing dress shoes.”
, the sight of his back is not any better for Tony’s composure. The dimples over the curve of his arse are practically petitioning for Tony’s thumbs to fit to them. “I’m competing against a god, y’know.”
“The Avengers have a truce with Loki,” Natasha offers, “in the interest of diplomacy.”
"He wants to negotiate the terms of his surrender," Tony says. The whole room turns to stare at him. "He came to visit me. I was eating an apple. We had some words."
Fifteen minutes finds him standing over the glass, looking down into the small square window at his own frozen face.
“Sir,” JARVIS reprimands, and Tony closes his eyes, his heart rabbiting in his chest like a live, shivering animal. He feels like he’s crawling out of his skin. “Shall I begin the Mind Riot Protocol?”
“Shh,” Tony whispers, leaning in for a kiss. “I thought you were gonna take care of me? Hmm, Captain? Gonna tie me up and have your way with me? Gonna make me scream in this
“You missed the part where I derided him for being a destitute orphan and told him he couldn’t afford me. It was really classy, top notch stuff,” Tony says seriously. Pepper looks like she doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry. They stare at each other for a moment, wavering on the edge of something. Tony looks away first and claps his hands loudly to break the spell.
“So don’t think about it,” Tony says, and Steve frowns. He smooths his hands down Steve’s chest, dragging his fingers over his stomach. “I want to do this with you because it’ll be fun. What I don’t want is for you to do this because you’re punishing yourself.”
“Steve, what-”
“Any magic performed on my colleagues will be taken as an act of aggression,” Tony says mildly, stepping between them. Amora’s sneers, raising a hand, then flinches at whatever she encounters.
“Omega,” Tony whispered, and then he was coming, his teeth fastening sharp on Steve’s collarbone, hard enough to break the skin. His knot swelled, hot and hard and so big Steve moaned at the feel of it after weeks without, his body not quite adjusted to the stretch. It burned, but it was good, too. It was everything he’d wanted for weeks.
