John turned with a smile when he heard the door but it instantly disappeared when he realised who it was. "What are you doing here?" he asked, tone defensive. He hoped Sherlock came back soon. He could tell that this girl was trouble, and didn't know what she was capable of.
"Well, it all started when I became public about my sexuality. Moran always hated homosexuals and he started teasing me, calling me names like faggot and queer."
John hummed and pulled away, staring down at Sherlock. "You are incredible," he said, voice husky. "I have never seen anyone so hot..." He bent down and let his breath ghost over his lover's chest. "...in my entire life."
John threw his arms around Sherlock's neck and kissed him firmly. It was all he could do now, and at least he had permission to go up to Sherlock if he needed him. After a moment he pulled away and took Sherlock's face in both hands. "Keep your eyes on me, alright?" he murmured, staring into his eyes, which were a bright blue at the moment. He pushed away his guilt for the moment to be the support that Sherlock would need through the rest of the trial. If anything, he needed to do this right.
John had a healthy blush plastered to his face as Sherlock continually called him his fiance to all of the guests that they spoke to. He tried to be as polite as possible, wanting to impress them and show that he wasn't just some common boy. So far, it seemed like no one really noticed. He gladly took the chair Sherlock pulled for him and slid into the table. As soon as Sherlock had sat down, he grabbed his hand again and laced their fingers.
, now..." he moaned. He held on for a few more seconds before grunting and releasing deep inside his lover.
Sherlock's hands clenched into fists, he hated hearing this part. Even though it wasn't his fault, he wished he had been there to stop them. "What did they say to you?" Helen asked, stepping up closer to the witness box.
"Yes, indeed, thank you," John's father agreed. "Hamish Watson," he said, extending his hand to the Holmeses.
John grinned and kissed him back, putting his hands on Sherlock's shoulders. They stayed that way for a few moments before John pulled back. "I don't know what it is about you...I feel like I've known you forever." He cupped Sherlock's cheek and stared up at him. "It's like we were meant to meet today."
Sherlock pulled John into an embrace and rested his cheek on the top of his head. "You can always call or text me," he murmured and placed a kiss on the other boy's temple.
Sherlock smiled sadly as he took a bite of toast, he felt bad that he had so much while John had so little. It just wasn't fair that someone as amazing as John struggled so much. He shoved his food around his plate, a frown forming on his face.
Sherlock pressed his lips to John's forehead, "and thank you... for loving me," he whispered softly.
"A week before the wedding," Sherlock said and scooted closer to John. "Along with all this..." he handed the satchel over to his husband with a sly grin. "If there's anything else in there you'd like to use now, I certainly wouldn't be opposed."
"Oh, love..." Sherlock soothed and pressed a kiss to John's forehead. He ran his fingers through the other boy's hair and kept him close.
Sherlock took the lead and soon had them gliding across the dance floor. He looked deeply into John's eyes and smiled. He was so in love with this boy it scared him. Sherlock found himself thinking about all the things that tried to tear them apart and they had made it through each and every one of them. Every difficulty only brought them closer and he wouldn't trade any moment for anything.
John's eyes immediately darted to Sherlock, watching him move and breathe for a moment, reassuring himself that he was alive. He closed his eyes briefly, taking a deep breath. "Yes. He shouted at me to shut up, called us freaks and..." He swallowed. "Pulled the trigger."
John bit his lip as he looked up at the house, trying not to feel like a pauper in comparison to Sherlock. He was reassured by the hand on his arm and followed Sherlock inside after turning off his bike. The inside of the house was just as incredible as the outside. The staircase was made of a shiny dark wood and steps that looked like marble. Oh God, were they marble? How much money did Sherlock have? There was a chandelier hanging right in the center of the foyer, high up on the vaulted ceiling. John was pulled from admiring the house with wide eyes as Sherlock took his hand. He squeezed it back, attempting a smile as he went up the stairs with Sherlock.
"Only because of you, love." Sherlock said, resting their foreheads together. He closed his eyes and smiled, there were no words to describe how happy he was that John was staying. He couldn't ever survive without him.
John smiled a bit and then continued. "I carried Sherlock out and was going to try to find a way to get him to the hospital. But then his brother showed up and drove us."
"Mmm... yeah, I want to kiss you too," Sherlock said softly. Suddenly he got an idea, "you know what else I want to do? I want to hold you and run my hands all over your gorgeous body."
Sherlock chuckled, "hey beautiful, how are you doing?" He started picking at the pillowcase next to him, smiling at the sound of his fiance's voice.
"As for what's in this envelope here..." Sherlock raised the hand with the envelope in it and smiled. "John... Do you remember the party my parents had a few weeks ago? The Sunday after we first met?"
He dimmed the lights and smiled at John, approaching the seat and sitting down with him. He adjusted so they could both sit comfortably, putting one of his arms on the back of the chair behind John's head. "This is a good one, not out on DVD yet, but... Father has his ways." Sherlock grinned and kissed the other boy on the cheek while he stole a handful of popcorn from his bucket.
John moaned a he was pressed to the cool glass, giving Sherlock as much skin as he could. He clutched at his fiance's shoulders, digging in his nails. "Sh-Sherlock...you're going to ruin my clothes," he breathed, hoping he knew what he was getting at.
, he thought and chuckled to himself. "Oh... well... it's very nice to meet you, John," Irene said, obviously thrown off. She smiled seductively at Sherlock, "I thought you weren't even interested in a relationship, Sherlock," she cooed. Sherlock sighed, "I wasn't... but then I met John and we just instantly clicked." He smiled at his fiance and leaned in to peck him on the cheek.
John sighed, squeezing Sherlock's hand for his own support now. "Well, it was actually the first time that we met. Sebastian had gathered the rugby team around Sherlock and by the time I got there they had already knocked him to the ground. I stepped between them and he backed off, but not before almost breaking Sherlock's nose."
John made a soft sound as Sherlock kissed him, easily forgetting the feeling of Irene with his fiance's mouth on his. He hated that he had been kissed by anyone else. It felt wrong, disgusting, to do this with anyone else but Sherlock. John wrapped his arms around the other boy's neck and held him there, letting Sherlock work his magic on him. Much as it wasn't his fault that this had happened, he decided to be more careful around crazy girls. He never wanted to see Sherlock so upset again.
sex... we've ever had." He wrapped his arms loosely around his husband. He tilted his head to the side so he could press a kiss to the other man's temple.
John laughed a little. "I'll tell you what. I'll make the whole fuss worth your while. All you have to do is sit through the gala like a good boy, and that night I'll give you whatever you like." He walked his fingers up Sherlock's chest and poked him on the nose.
John wanted to stay with Sherlock, but he really didn't have an excuse to stay out of school himself. "I'll come back straight after school." He kissed Sherlock on the cheek as he heard the phone click. "Hello? Da?"
John nodded even though Sherlock couldn't see. "I know. The same goes for you. I love you very much." He settled the phone between his ear and the pillow, closing his eyes so he could just concentrate on the sound of Sherlock's deep baritone.
Sherlock had a dusting of pink across his cheeks at John's words, "it's not that difficult when my husband is such a wonderful muse." He smiled down at the other man and pressed a kiss to his forehead as they started to move across the floor.
John was having a great time, glad to see that his father and Sherlock's getting along so great. He really liked Sherlock's parents a lot. He wondered in the back of his mind where Mycroft was, but the elder Holmes boy seemed to be aloof at times, so maybe this sort of dinner wasn't ideal for him.
He just held John for a few moments and gave him soft kisses every so often before pulling back and smiling lovingly at him. "My father wants to meet you... He and my mum have already figured out that we're together," he chuckled and held John closer.
When the DJ called for Sherlock and John to come to the dance floor for their first dance as a married couple, Sherlock eagerly led the other man over. He took John's hand, putting his other on one his waist as the violin piece he wrote all those years ago came through the speakers.
Sherlock kept stroking John's arousal as he pulled away and put his lips right up to his boyfriend's ear. He whispered sweet things like: "I love you so much" and "You're so beautiful." Everything he'd thought about the other boy since the day they met and every feeling he'd felt since they first kissed coming out through every touch and word.
John turned into Sherlock, returning the embrace and burying his face in the taller boy's shoulder. "I don't know, Sherlock. He just looked so...disappointed and he couldn't even look at me." He looked up at Sherlock, tears brimming in his eyes. This was more than just his father not approving of Sherlock. This was potentially his disapproval of John and who he was.
John hissed a little at Sherlock's nails, and scraped his teeth over Sherlock's cock in response. He grazed him all the way down to the base, taking him in as far as he could go, while slipping his finger up inside of Sherlock at the same time.
Sherlock nodded and swallowed again, the tears reaching his eyes and threatening to spill over. "I... notice things. Things that most other people don't and I get a lot of hell for it. People just don't want to hear what I have to say, preferring to stay in the dark rather than be shown the truth about things." He sighed raggedly and felt the first drops of moisture roll down his cheek, "I think too much most of the time and it gets so
"No..." Sherlock shook his head. "It's just..." he sighed and closed his eyes for a moment before shifting onto his side to face John, laying his hand on his boyfriend's hip. "There's something I haven't told you about my past," he averted his eyes, staring at his own hand and stroking his thumb along John's waist, "something I'm not very proud of."
"Don't worry. There's much more where that came from." John smiled and snuggled against his boyfriend. "I would have to agree there. I'm thoroughly spent now, and I'm quite comfortable with you as a pillow." He closed his eyes, humming softly in content.
"I see..." Helen took out a notebook from her briefcase and scribbled notes in it while John talked. "And did he say why they had ganged up on Sherlock?"
John hummed in content and opened one eye to peer back at Sherlock. "Is that why you like fucking in the shower so much?" he teased.
Sherlock's father watched John run away before hoisting himself up off the floor and walking over to the lead detective. "You find that son of a bitch and you make him pay. No matter what it takes," he said firmly, his jaw set and eyes intense. The detective nodded, "yes, sir."
John leaned into the touch, smiling softly. "Please, don't stop." He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, hands landing on the small of his back. "I love you, too. I never imagined that I could be this happy."
... t-two weeks in Paris for that," Sherlock whispered back. He could feel himself get closer and groaned, looking around to make sure no one heard it. No one seemed to be paying attention to them, for which he was grateful, because he wasn't sure how much longer he would be able to stay still.
As the food came out, John's nose was filled with a heavenly aroma. The soup alone looked fantasitc, not to mention the huge, golden browned turkey. John waited to see which spoon Sherlock picked up before picking up his own and taking a spoonful of soup. Dear God, that was fantastic.
John jerked up into Sherlock's mouth, so wet and warm and talented. He fisted more tightly into the sheets and groaned loudly, trying to get deeper. Little did he know Sherlock was about to grant his wish. As he felt his lover deep throating him he...oh he nearly lost it right there. "Fuck, Sherlock!"
Sherlock tried to keep things slow, he really did, but after a few thrusts he just couldn't anymore. He growled and grabbed onto the headboard with one hand while the other grasped at John's hip. He started rocking his hips hard and fast, moaning and panting. "Oh, fuck... John... Oh, God...
John kept Sherlock's hand for as long as he could, only finally releasing to let him go up to the witness stand. He kept his eyes locked on Sherlock, wanting to make him feel as though he were only speaking to him, only telling him what happened. At least this way, he might feel better about a bunch of strangers who didn't really need to know what had happened hearing his most private, dark secrets.
The next morning, Sherlock got dressed quickly and ran out the door, eager to get to school. He got in the car with Mycroft and buckled up. "Someone's eager today," Mycroft teased. "Shut up," Sherlock grumbled and they drove off.
John hummed, stroking Sherlock's head again. "Well, once we're out of school. We can get a nice little flat together. Just you and I." He kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose. "Would you want to live in a flat, though? I know you're accostomed to more...upscale living."
"If I knew he had threatened you I wouldn't have left you alone." John dropped his hand and took one of Sherlock's again. He still felt like it was his fault, though. Even though he hadn't known, he should have had better foresight.
John grinned a little, humming. "That won't be too hard. You are quite the distraction." He turned and caught Sherlock's lips briefly, then pulled away to look up at him. "Thanks for listening," he said quietly.
John whimpered softly as Sherlock spoke to him. "I-I'm nothing compared to you," he said. "Oh, fuck...You're fantastic. Brilliant,
Sherlock leaned into the touch to his cheek and swallowed thickly before speaking. "Do you remember when I told you I could erase my memories? That sometimes... just locking them away didn't work?" He looked deep into his boyfriend's eyes as he spoke, trying to assess his reaction.
Sherlock walked slowly to the edge of the bed and took his shirt off, tossing it aside. He smiled lovingly at John and unbuttoned his trousers, leaving them hanging from his hips as he climbed on the bed and straddled his lover, kissing him softly and starting to remove his clothing too.
Sherloc snapped his hips up faster and smacked his lover's arse again. He groaned and could feel his legs shaking as he continued to pound up into him. "Ohhh,
Sherlock swallowed thickly and shivered, the implications of that were... fascinating. He nodded slowly, "Okay... and if I win?"
Sherlock beamed when John agreed to stay and laid back to stare at the ceiling too, his elbow brushing John's. "Well, most of it is inherited, I come from a long line of very wealthy family. My father owns several diamond and ruby mines, he even has a couple of oil fields out in the United States. My mother is very prominent in politics, she's on several boards that I can't even remember the name of," his thoughts drifted to his childhood and he fidgeted nervously before speaking again. "I've never had any want for money, we've always had plenty of it and I know that I won't have to worry about being able to continue with my studies, but... It gets really lonely. I mean, of course I have Mycroft, my elder brother, but we don't really get along that well and my parents are always busy with work and socializing with their elite group of friends, always throwing parties. I never had any friends growing up because they always assumed I was too 'well to do' and wouldn't have anything to do with them. As I said, you're the first person to ever approach me." Sherlock fell silent after the speech, not really meaning to go that far into detail, but again it just seemed to come naturally with John.
John tried to move but that was far too painful. So he lifted his hand and stroked Sherlock's hair. "Sherlock, stop. It's not your fault, love." He flushed a little using the term in front of his father, but he needed to comfort Sherlock. "There was nothing that you could have done. They would have gotten you too."
Sherlock groaned, everything seeming to crash down on him all at once. He held on as long as he could until he came with a gasp, his whole body jerking with the force of his orgasm. He leaned in to whisper in John's ear, "finish for me, love... that's it... just let go, let me feel you... let me hear you."
John threw his head back and pushed towards Sherlock as he entered him. "God, yes!" He moaned and tugged on his own cock as he waited for Sherlock to move. His free hand landed on top of Sherlock's, fingers moving between the spaces and holding tightly.
That night, he slept well, dreaming of him and John in the field lying on a blanket and just holding each other.
Mary approached them as they made their way to class and smiled sadly. "John... I wanted to apologise. To both of you actually, but especially you. I'm sorry for what I did and what I've been saying since... I had no idea that Seb was capable of something so... horrid." Tears came to her eyes as she spoke and she wiped them away with her sleeve.
John knew he was in for it once he had done it, but he didn't care. Sebastian could beat him all he wanted, that wasn't going to change the fact that he would defend Sherlock with his life. And with the way he was getting attacked now, that might just be a possibility.
Sherlock gasped and let go of the beaker, sending it crashing to the table. He cleared his throat, "sorry... Mrs. Hooper, my fault. Hands are a little shaky today." He glared playfully at his fiancé and went to grab some towels to clean up the mess. "At least it was only water," he murmured as he wiped the table and tried to hold back his laughter.
"My pleasure," Sherlock murmured and stuck three of his fingers into his mouth to wet them. He reached down after a few moments and rubbed his finger lightly up and down John's crack before sticking one of his fingers inside of him.
John smiled fondly at Sherlock's expression and bent to kiss him again. He started opening his own shirt, not taking nearly as much time as he had with Sherlock's. Once his top half was bare, he straddled Sherlock again and pulled him up further so their chests were pressed together.
The rest of the afternoon went rather quickly and soon they were headed to Mary's for the party. Sherlock kept his arm around John's shoulders as they rode in the car and walked around to open the door for him when they arrived. "After you, darling," he said and smiled cheekily at the other boy.
Sherlock shook his head, "no, he's out on business. Mum was planning on having you come for dinner to properly meet the whole family. Mycroft will be there too..." he cringed and smiled apologetically.
Sherlock shivered at the idea and smiled down at John, "that sounds... delicious." He started eating the cake off his husband's face as well, giving him open mouthed kisses as he cleaned his face.
Sherlock eagerly took John's finger into his mouth, sucking and licking on it until it was dripping wet. "Now...
John watched as Sherlock fixed the room up, the ambiance of the situation already distracting him from his previous thoughts. And when Sherlock slowly started undressing, he found himself nearly completely forgetting everything that had happened only less than an hour before.
John made soft, pleased sounds with every touch of Sherlock's lips. The attention left him nearly shivering with the sweet sensations, and his hands came up to rest in Sherlock's hair. He let Sherlock shower him in kisses, very much pleased with what his lover had decided to try.
Sherlock kissed his fiancé on the forehead, "Well then, you'll just have to be my bodyguard then, won't you?" He smiled at John and winked.
At Mr. Holmes's question, John looked over to his father who seemed a little nervous about answering. "Well, I...I am a mechanic. I work in a shop on the outskirts of the city." John didn't miss the omission of his other job, but he figured his father just didn't want to tell them that he had to work two jobs to survive.
Sherlock glared down at John and opened his lips to take his lover's fingers into his mouth. He nipped at the tips and started sucking on them, trying to tease him.
Sherlock closed his eyes, "I'm glad you're not struggling anymore," he said softly. He was so happy to see John and his father able to have all the essentials without wondering where the money was going to come from.
John's hands were sweaty and he really hoped that Sherlock didn't mind. He clasped them tightly in his own and returned the 'I love you' as the ceremony began. It began with the usual. "We are gathered here today..." but John was hardly listening, just staring and smiling at Sherlock. He was finally brought out of his stupor when he heard the minster say, "The couple has decided to write their own vows for each other. Who would like to go first?" John bit his lip and looked up at Sherlock sheepishly, hoping he would go first.
John reached back, grabbing one of Sherlock's hands and squeezing. "Y-yeah?" he called out. He was terrified of what he might get as an answer.
Sherlock's brow furrowed and he grabbed John's face in both of his hands, "Now listen here, John Watson. You did absolutely nothing wrong and it is
Sherlock hummed in agreement, "yeah... That was..." he lifted his head and kissed John lazily, "You feel amazing," he murmured against his lover's lips.
"He's in there with you, isn't he?" John's face burst in red and he said nothing. "Clean up after yourselves, please," his father said and then walked away.
Sherlock groaned into the kiss and this time he didn't waste a moment to shove his tongue into the other boy's mouth. He moaned as their tongues made contact and kissed him as best he could, savoring the feel of John on top of him, grinding down on him and his
John smiled widely, "You really like it?" He took the scarf out and tied it gently around Sherlock's neck. "Just like I thought. It really brings out the blue in your eyes." He caressed his fiancé's cheek for a moment. "I know this sounds weird but it reminds me of you. Soft and warm, luxurious and sexy, and very special."
John laughed a little and grabbed another rag, soaping it up and slowly washing Sherlock's back. He trailed the rag from his shoulders, down the expanse of his back, to just above his arse. He couldn't help it, Sherlock was just too much fun to tease.
Sherlock brought one of his hands up in front of John's face and stuck three fingers at his mouth. "Here... suck," he breathed and whimpered.
John blinked at Sherlock in surprise when he suddenly pulled away and curled up in the corner of the bed. "Sherlock?" he said quietly, crawling across the bed towards him. "Hey, Sherlock..." John could hear him muttering apologies. Did he think that John was upset? The blonde ran his hand through Sherlock's hair, trying to show him that he wasn't mad or whatever he thought, and he dropped a kiss into his hair. "Come on, Sherlock...what happened?" he asked with his face pressed in dark curls.
Sherlock adjusted his suit jacket for about the hundredth time in the mirror. He ran his fingers through his hair and made sure his face was clear of any bumps or blemishes. He was nervous, to say the least. His mother had decided on throwing the biggest wedding London had seen since William and Kate's and had invited around eight hundred guests.
"Objection! Badgering!" Ms. Rodin shouted and stood, slamming her fist down on the table. The judge gave the defence lawyer a warning look and he put his hands up in a placating manner, "no further questions."
John kissed him back with what little energy he could muster. "Mm... I wonder if I'll be able to walk tomorrow," he said with a soft chuckle. He stroked his fingers down Sherlock's cheek. "I love you so much."
Ms. Rodin nodded and smiled over at John again. "Now tell the court about the events leading up to the second attack on Sherlock."
John groaned loudly, his eyes rolling back in his head as Sherlock engulfed him. He was so tight, it was incredible. His hips bucked up out of his control, the friction on his cock from Sherlock's tightness driving him crazy. "Yes...Oh, God,
John chuckled, resting his hands over Sherlock's and leaning back. "Don't worry. As soon as we're done we can come back up and I'll be your pillow all night long." He started to walk, Sherlock still attached behind him.
Holmes'?" she said and gasped. "I'm terribly sorry sir, right this way." She led them back to John's room immediately.
John grinned through the kiss, grasping tightly with spread fingers to his lover's arse as their hips rubbed together. He dove into Sherlock's mouth with his tongue, swiping it over every sensitive spot to draw out more sounds from his lover.
Sherlock was still smirking to himself as John started to get undressed. He managed to look up just as the other boy was bending over to step out of his trousers and he gulped down his bite of food. "Dear God..." he gasped, his eyes taking in every detail of John's body. Rugby had
Sherlock managed to climax at the same exact moment as John and collapsed on top of him, panting. "Shit... I don't think I'll ever have a dull orgasm with you, love," he chuckled. "And that... is a
John continued what he was doing, delighting in Sherlock's response. He licked over the mark and moved to another spot, starting again. If Sherlock stayed asleep much longer he would wind up covering his neck in marks.
Sherlock slept soundly knowing that John was safe in his arms. He felt a touch on his arm and hummed sleepily, rearranging his head and keeping his eyes closed.
Sherlock grabbed most of the bags and walked to the door, opening it and setting the luggage inside. He turned around and smirked at John before scooping him up in his arms and carrying him over the threshold.
John shook his head, kissing the side of Sherlock's face repeatedly. "Don't you dare...don't you apologise, Sherlock Holmes," he choked out. "This is not your fault. No one blames you, especially not me." He couldn't stress enough how wrong Sherlock was to feel that he needed to apologise for
John leaned into Sherlock's embrace, arms winding around his neck. "Well, if you could keep quiet, I might be able to do something for you." He pushed him back onto his bed and knelt in front of him. "But you do tend to be pretty loud. Do you think you can hold it in?" He trailed his fingers along Sherlock's thigh, smirking at him.
Sherlock chuckled softly and ran his fingers softly down the side of John's face, cupping his cheek as lightly as he could, so as not to hurt him. "I love you so much," he murmured and kissed his boyfriend again, this one lingering a bit longer. He pulled back and rested their foreheads together, "I promise you that I'll take care of you, I'll do anything to make sure you feel better in no time," he said and smiled.
Sherlock paled when John's father noticed the ring, almost panicked when he started speaking, but when he finished, he smiled. "I was going to wait until after graduation... so I could ask your blessing first, but..." He bit his lip and looked at the floor, "after coming so close to not being here... I just couldn't wait."
Sherlock woke slowly and smiled down at his husband sleepily. "We're in Paris?" he mumbled. "Mmm... took them long enough to get there." He stretched and leaned over to kiss his husband on the cheek.
. That's all I need, that's all I want from you. Just promise to love me... and be there to pick me up when I fall."
"Mmm... That's Sherlock Holmes-Watson to you," he murmured and kissed John on the lips again. He was actually really anxious about what his husband was going to do to him.
"Mmm," Sherlock hummed against John's skin, "you're the only one who will ever experience them." He nuzzled the side of John's neck for a few moments, but froze. "John? What time does your father wake up?" he murmured softly.
Sherlock began pacing as he continued to speak, "Now, since you were explaining your actions, it could only be your boss, which leads me to my next observation. You returned several minutes later and were very clearly upset but trying to hide it. What else could you be trying to hide than losing your job? And what else would cause John to be so upset and think that he had to leave me since you've already accepted us?... You are planning on moving." He looked up as he finished speaking, assessing both of their reactions.
When John mentioned the word 'in-laws' he smiled, being married to John was definitely something he could see happening. He really did love him more than anything. Maybe he'd have to propose once they graduated. It would only be a few months from now...
John stared up at the man defiantly. He thought he felt more like a soldier in this moment than he might have ever felt like if had wound up going into the army. "I wouldn't really say that. I had only gone to the school for a week at that point, I just knew him from rugby."
John swallowed and nodded. There was no way that they could just stop and hope that their erections went away, not after practically having clothed-sex on the dance floor. "Lead the way."
Three days went by without any change, Sherlock's parents, along with Mycroft, came to visit several times. Mrs. Holmes brought John goodies from the house, insisting that he eat. John did exactly as he said he would. He stayed right next to Sherlock, not leaving except to go to the bathroom, not moving much except to change the channel on the TV in the room.
Sherlock groaned, he'd already established that hearing his lover talk during sex turned him on. It sent pleasure through his body like nothing else could. He tilted his head back, exposing the pale flesh of his neck.
When the door sounded, Mr. Watson got up and opened it. "Ah, I had a feeling you'd be coming," he said with a sad smile. "He's in his room." Stepping aside, he let Sherlock in.
Sherlock smiled down at his boyfriend and leaned forward to press a soft kiss to his forehead, his nose and then one on his lips. "I'm so glad you're going to be okay, I was so worried," he whispered.
, John... Look at me, p-please look at me. I want to see you," Sherlock whimpered and strained against the scarves again. All the sensations were overwhelming and he needed the connection of their gazes to keep him grounded.
Even if they could find another place to live they probably would be living paycheck to paycheck. How would they eat, or buy clothes, or anything? He'd have to sell his bike, get a job, maybe even drop out of school. The more he thought about it, the worse he felt and he curled in on himself even further, crying as he waited for Sherlock.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his lover and laid a kiss in his wet hair. He held him for a few moments before maneuvering them both under the shower spray and grabbed a rag, soaping it up to start washing his fiancé off.
Sherlock nodded, "yeah, I um... just had a little trouble sleeping last night," he said and yawned. He looked over John, "looks like you did too, yeah?" He said and kissed his fiancé on the forehead.
"Come on, Sherlock. Come for me," he whispered. "I want you to scream my name." He pulled himself up enough to kiss Sherlock's neck, enjoying that just his voice alone could have such an effect on Sherlock. They would certainly have to try this again.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him flush against his body again with a deep groan. When Sherlock pulled away from the kiss, John went back to kissing his neck again, peppering the skin with soft brushes of his lips. With Sherlock's cock pressed between them it was easy to give him friction with each thrust.
John cried out as Sherlock had the perfect angle to hit his sweet spot, and he gripped his lover's shoulders, nails surely leaving marks. Each movement was driving him closer and closer to the edge, pleasure coursing fast through him. "More, Sherlock. Harder!" he managed around a moan.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and nodded, not saying a word. His heart started pounding as he looked down at John. It didn't take much to figure out what he was planning on doing.
John hummed and turned the phone off of speaker, putting it to his ear. "Yes, definitely." He rolled over, arms out, but realised Sherlock wasn't there. He sighed and grabbed a pillow, curling around it. "I wish I could cuddle with you now."
"But you did say that if one ever hit on you, that you would; and I'm quoting here, 'punch them in the face'." Sherlock frowned, his brow furrowing. John wouldn't say that... would he?"
John shook his head. "Nothing." He glanced at Sherlock again and smiled. He was sure that after Saturday that he would surely have told him anything that he might have been keeping before.
This was absolutely amazing. He was falling more in love with John every second and he felt like every nerve in his body came to life as John touched it with his fingers or lips. He was reduced to whimpers within moments and grabbed at the back of John's head, pulling him until they were face to face again. "Make love to me, John..." he whispered against his boyfriend's lips and pulled him closer for another deep, passionate kiss.
, and only you. You're the only person I want to be with, ever. And not even the prettiest girl in the world could change that."
John didn't understand how Sherlock could do that, but he wiped the tear away when he saw it. "It's all right, Sherlock. Don't cry." He leaned up to kiss him gently and then buried his face in Sherlock's neck. "How can you possibly get rid of your memories?" he asked, curious.
it. His hands came to rest on the other boy's hips, gripping tightly as he showered attention on him.
"After we clean up this mess," Sherlock said and chuckled. He lifted himself up off of John and pulled the other boy up too. Then he pulled up his pants and went off to the bathroom to grab some towels to clean up their mess.
Sherlock shrugged, "I suppose me calling him out on cheating or picking on other students could be considered as provoking, but he didn't have to act on any of it. Besides, that's not what caused him to attack me. He... didn't like my choice in sexual partners."
They only let Mr. Watson inside after about fifteen minutes badgering. He went into the room and gasped at the sight, swallowing hard. John's face was bruised, he was hooked up to wires and tubes, and he was covered in bloodied bandages. He could barely stand. He sank into the chair by his bed and put his face in his hands. "I'm so sorry..."
Sherlock groaned, "maybe if I tell you how horny you make me... Would that help?" he asked, lowering his tone.
Footsteps approached a moment later and Mr. Watson had stepped back into the room. He looked solemn, but was trying to hide it with a weak smile. "I'm going home, John. The doctors said they won't release you until tomorrow and I think I know who you'd rather have hanging around with you." He moved over to the bed and kissed John on the forehead. "Goodnight, lad. Rest up." Then he turned to Sherlock and put his hand out to shake. "Take care of him for me."
"It's okay, I like watching you sleep," Sherlock said and smiled at John. "Besides, I think you more than deserve some rest." He lifted his hand to run his fingers softly through John's hair, massaging his scalp lightly. He started humming the song he had begun writing for John that morning, trying to soothe him to sleep.
time." He looked back at his husband and winked before turning back to the gate. "Business or pleasure?" the stewardess at the gate asked. Sherlock smirked at John, "pleasure... definitely."
John swallowed and nodded, melting under Sherlock's gaze. He knew he could, it would just take a little longer. And why not enjoy it for as long as possible. He still felt close, however, now that he had touched himself a little, and he slowed just enough to calm down again.
Sherlock smiled sadly, "I know, love... But we're okay now." He leaned up as far as he could to capture John's lips again in a sweet kiss. After a few moments, a thought crossed his mind: "Did they catch him?"
A deep blush spread over John's cheeks as Sherlock's lips pressed to his forehead. This was definitely much more than he'd bargained for, but he wasn't complaining. Though when Sherlock's lips stayed in place for longer than a normal kiss, he wondered if it had just been an accident. Either way, he was really enjoying the feeling. He met Sherlock's eyes with a smile. "You're welcome."John reluctantly pulled away from him, figuring that it probably wasn't a great idea to stay so close to Sherlock for so long in case he got suspicious of something, because John couldn't deny it any longer. He was definitely attracted to Sherlock. He cleared his throat looking around the room. "So, uh, what do you want to do?"
John slipped his finger back under him, swirling it around Sherlock's entrance and then pushing in. He thrust his finger in time with the bobbing of his head.
John smiled as Sherlock's chin found its way to his shoulder. This was the closest he'd ever been to another boy before, and he had only known Sherlock for less than an hour. He leant back a little, pressing into Sherlock's chest. He wasn't gay... but he could certainly get used to this.
John felt his chest swelling in with emotion, and poured it into the kiss with Sherlock. He wrapped his arms around the taller boy's neck, tilting his head to make it easier to kiss him. He pulled back after a moment, eyes sparkling and face flushed. "God, Sherlock...You're amazing."
John washed Sherlock's neck and then moved back down his spine, and even a little lower. "If he did, he was very nice not to mention it just now. But I like to think that he didn't hear at all."
John followed Sherlock into the sauna, letting out a puff of breath at how hot it was. "Wow. This is really cool. You could run a hotel or something in your house with this setup." He sat down on the bench with Sherlock and grinned at him.
John pushed his hips up, unable to see what Sherlock was doing while he was hidden beneath the blanket. But the surprise of the sensations was making them all the better. His breath was rapid and he gripped the sheets as Sherlock licked him. And then,
Sherlock turned his head and looked into John's eyes, searching his face for any signs of deception. His own eyes were red, tears still spilling from them. "I... I would understand if you did. She's very... aesthetically pleasing and she is a girl..." Sherlock's voice broke, he knew that John wasn't gay and there was a chance that when he was faced with a willing female that he would jump at the chance. He did still care about John and it hurt to think he would do that, but Moran's words kept ringing in his head.
John cried out again and again as he felt himself spill over the edge. He kissed Sherlock fiercely as he came, hips moving sporadically against Sherlock's as he rode through the pleasure. He finally broke away, panting as he fell backwards into the bed, trying to regain his senses.
Sherlock laughed and shook his head, "not afraid as in scared... I'm afraid I won't be able to stop myself from saying something to him. And that I'll have to pull
John ate happily, the food and dessert just as incredible as at the Holmes residence. Then the music started and the dance floor was open. Suddenly he felt like his meal might make a second appearance. Before he could say anything, Sherlock was asking to dance, and John looked down at his offered hand in horror. "Um...I don't know. I just ate. I should digest a little," he said as an excuse. Dear God, he was going to wind up making a fool of himself after all.
John watched Sherlock as he slept, pressing soft kisses to his face and whispering sweet things in his ear. He was more than happy to help him walk when they left, and to be a pillow on the ride home. When they arrived at the house, John did most of the work for Sherlock to be able to make it up all the stairs to his room.
"I wish that I could make you beg," John whispered into Sherlock's neck. "I wish I could have you on your hands and knees and fuck you senseless." He started moving his hand faster, wanting to bring him closer.
Sherlock listened intently as John spoke, thanking whoever was out there watching over him that John had no previous knowledge of him before their first encounter. He was very glad to have John in his life now and didn't want to let him go. He nodded when John was finished speaking and turned to face him, propping his head up again, "what about you? Do you... I mean... do you date? I know I've heard several of the girls at school talk about how 'handsome' the new boy is," Sherlock smirked and winked at him.
John rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder after the kiss, trailing his fingers along his chest. "My thoughts exactly." He forced himself up after a moment and faced the shower spray. "I think that's about all I can manage today to be honest with you. I feel kind of exhausted now."
John grinned and moved his chair closer to Sherlock's, keeping a hold of his hand. His father and Helen took the seats next to him, and Sherlock's family sat on the other side of the table next to his husband. For a fleeting moment, he wished that Harry were here as well, but he knew that she'd be watching and smiled at the thought.
John's sleep was deep, his body and mind both too exhausted to wake for a while. He didn't even dream, which was probably a blessing. It was a while before he finally stirred, feeling much better after having a rest. He opened his eyes, blinking away the final bits of sleep, and turned his face to see..."Sherlock!" John sat up and scrambled closer. "Oh, God, Sherlock!" His eyes filled with tears immediately as he looked over his face.
the provoking you did and failed to tell me about... And not to mention, all the shit the defence brought up!" She groaned in frustration and sat down. "I just don't know what we can do to get the judge back on our side."
Sherlock swallowed as fast as he could, wanting John to know he would gladly take all he had to give. After John was completely spent he made sure that every last drop was licked away before sliding back up and kissing John languidly as he recovered. He could feel his own arousal throbbing between his legs, but that could wait. This moment was too perfect.
On the ride home, Sherlock came up with an idea of how to get John's mind off of the situation with his father. When they arrived to the house he sent John up to his room and convinced his parents to postpone the dinner to another night. He grabbed some candles and a lighter and headed up to his bedroom to join John.
John licked his lips, letting his tongue flick over Sherlock's skin. "The good thing about this medicine is that you can take as much as you want," here John licked a small stripe up his neck, "and you'll never overdose." He started sucking on the spot right beneath Sherlock's ear, intending to mark him.
John smiled seeing Sherlock and his father hugging and could just hear what he was saying to him. As soon as Sherlock came closer, he wrapped his arms around the other boy's waist and snuggled into his chest. "He's right, you know. You're my everything. I can't live without you anymore."
Sherlock chuckled, "Mmm... I like the sound of that." He winked at John and leaned in for another kiss. Just then there was a knock at the door and Sherlock groaned, burying his face into the pillow next to John's head.
John kissed him back, leaning against him. He looked up at Sherlock when he talked about not eating again. "Now hang on. You need to eat, Sherlock," he scolded lightly. "Please have a little something for me?"
John cried out as Sherlock started to grind harder into him and he moved his mouth to a new spot to continue his work. Sherlock had such delectible skin, easy to mark, to show the world that he was loved by John. He nipped and sucked and licked as his hands wandered down towards Sherlock's arse, groping him and effectively bringing him closer.
Sherlock hummed sleepily and pulled out of John, plopping down on the bed beside him. "I think... your father may have heard that," he said and chuckled.
As John's father left the room, Sherlock's brow furrowed in concern. He could tell something was wrong and knew that John could tell too. He stood and whispered something in Mycroft's ear and he nodded and left the room.
John was snapped out of his trance by Sherlock's quip and he cleared his throat. "Right, um...probably something small..." As Sherlock bent over he knew that he was purposely trying to get his attention and it was all he could do to go back to eating his brownie, face still heated. When Sherlock gave him the pyjamas he set his bowl down and started to undress himself. He pulled his shirt off and folded it, leaving it on top of his shoes, then did the same with his trousers.
Sherlock had warned him about his brother, but John wasn't too worried. He turned with a smile to the elder Holmes and looked up at him. "Yes. Yes, I am."
"Well, of course... If I'm not alive I don't get to do this..." Sherlock grabbed John's arse and grinned. "Or this..." He flipped them over and straddled the other boy's hips. "And
"Mmm, not possible," Sherlock said and grinned. He snuggled further into his fiancé and quickly drifted off, waiting for morning to come.
John looked up at him through his lashes. "I suppose I could. Just because you're being good." He sat up and pulled his jumper up over his head. Then he went right back to work, bending to take Sherlock's nipple into his mouth and suck.
Sherlock raised his hand to stroke the back of John's head, offering what comfort he could. "Shhh, it's okay, love. It'll all be all right," he murmured. In the back of his mind he wondered what was taking the ambulance so long to get there. That was his last thought as he let his eyes slip closed, unable to stay awake any longer. His hand dropped as the darkness consumed him.
John had looked up at just the right moment, seeing Sherlock mouthing his favourite words in the world, and he smiled faintly at him. He really wished he could have Sherlock next to him, but he needed to be strong. For Sherlock, he reminded himself again.
Sherlock reached up and cupped John's cheek, "don't worry about all that, love. It will all be taken care of," he slid his hand to the back of his fiance's head and pulled him down for a kiss. "I think it will be absolutely wonderful living with you. I look forward to it every day," he murmured against his lover's lips and smiled.
Eventually, Mycroft came over with a handkerchief, insisting that they stop snogging in public and have some decency. Sherlock winked at John and finished cleaning him off with the handkerchief. "Musn't upset Myc too much, we're apparently embarrassing him in front of his date... Although, I don't think she's paying very much attention." He nodded over towards his table where a tall, dark haired girl was sitting, typing away on her phone.
They had to get away from him. There had to be a way out of this without getting hurt. He reached his hand back a little, trying to push Sherlock back further, telling him silently to leave.
John was surprised by that. He knew with Sherlock's intelligence that he could do anything, but solving crimes was something he hadn't thought of. "That's interesting," he said. "You already know that I want to be a doctor. But the thing is, there's no way I could ever afford school, so I'm going to have to go into the army and they'll pay for it." After he said that, though, he watched Sherlock's face. He didn't know how he would take the information.
John chuckled and moved to open his trousers. He shimmied out of them and his pants, then sat back and wrapped his hand around his cock. "I want you to tell me what to do," he said, voice deep.
John leaned into Sherlock with a smile. Mr. Watson grinned back at Sherlock and nodded. "Thank you very much for having us. Goodnight boys."
John couldn't hold back anymore as he heard Sherlock coming. He tossed his head back and climaxed, his release mixing with Sherlock's and swirling between them. He slumped forward into his lover, closing his eyes. "Damn...You are amazing..."
John smiled up at Sherlock and nodded. "Yes, see you then." He gave Sherlock one last kiss, wishing that he didn't have to let go. But he forced himself to pull back, hand trailing down Sherlock's arm to give his hand a squeeze as he fully pulled away. Then he got onto his motorbike and started it, smiling at Sherlock charmingly as he zoomed out of the drive back to his own flat.
John closed his eyes, just enjoying Sherlock's closeness, feeling his warmth, breathing him in. Someday they wouldn't have to do this, but for now they didn't have a choice. "I love you," he whispered.
John was breathing hard as well, and he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck to hold him there. "Oh,
"Those boys had better be expelled for this," Mr. Watson said, tone fierce. "They shouldn't be allowed to terrorize students this way."
John gladly slumped on top of Sherlock, leaving his face in the other boy's neck. He snuggled further into him when Sherlock embraced him, and returned it easily. "You deserve it," he said. "And a lot more. I love making you feel special."
," he said firmly. "I have no intentions of hiding our love from anyone, no matter what they say. I would shout it from the rooftops if I could. I love you more than anything, John Watson and I know it's easy for me to say because I'm not in your situation, but... even if my parents couldn't accept us as easily as they have, I still would have told them."
John watched in awe as Sherlock brought himself to orgasm just by listening to him. He moved over to kiss his ear when he finally finished and then laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "That was extremely hot, by the way," he said, tracing patterns on Sherlock's chest.
John pressed down so he could grind into Sherlock as they kissed, but he made sure to only create minimal friction as he still wanted to tease Sherlock a little. He pulled away from his lover's kiss swollen lips and brought a hand up to trace them. "You are incredibly gorgeous like this," he breathed.
Sherlock was shaking in anticipation by the time they got to the airport and almost took out a family of four dragging John and their luggage to the gate. "Come on, John... do I have to carry you?" he said, sprinting towards the line to get on the plane.
"Look, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. John doesn't care about you. All he wants is sex. Now that he has an extremely sexy girl to give it to him, he doesn't need you."
At the end of the school day, Sherlock walked hand in hand with John out to the car and kept his arm around him as they rode to his flat. When they pulled into the lot, he hugged the other boy close, "I wish you could come over again," he murmured.
Sherlock smiled and bent down a little so John could reach better. "You keep saying that... But I really can't see how." He closed his eyes as his lover massaged the shampoo into his scalp.
"Not at all," Sherlock murmured and smirked, "that's what makes it even more fun. The risk of being caught," he leaned forward and nipped at John's bottom lip as he continued to stroke him.
John looked up at Sherlock confused. "Mycroft? What would Mycroft say?" He hadn't thought that Mycroft would have an issue, especially after all the events of the past few weeks. But John wasn't too worried. If Mycroft felt the need to interrogate him or even battle him to win the right to marry Sherlock, he would do it.
, yes..." Sherlock whimpered and kept slamming down on his lover's cock. John's words alone were bringing him closer to orgasm. "More... t-tell me more," he begged.
John held the phone close to his heart. He wished that he could hear Sherlock's voice reading the texts. It just wasn't the same imagining.
John was getting dizzy from being surrounded by so many knackered people who all smelt so vile, that when Mary came running up he had to shake his head to focus on her. He was glad to hear, however, that someone had seen Sherlock and followed her to the pool house. He looked and listened for any signs of his fiance. "Sherlock? Come on, love, say something."
John didn't expect the sudden release and he almost choked, but quickly recovered and swallowed everything Sherlock gave. He pulled off when Sherlock was finished, licking him clean and then removing his finger. "Good?" he asked, looking up at his lover.
John let Sherlock carry him, glad to be on the bed because he didn't know how much longer he could last without getting weak in the knees. He arched up towards Sherlock's lips, moaning out his name as he hit a spot that sent electric shocks downwards.
Ms. Rodin kept her cool, knowing that if the defence realised she didn't know about that to begin with, they'd use it against him. Instead, she just nodded, "then what happened?"
"Ohhh, yes, John..." Sherlock moaned, each word making his cock twitch in excitement. He could feel himself right on the edge, about to go over with just one more word from his lover.
"Well, I was standing at that point, and Moran shoved me into the wall after I said that. Then he turned like he was going to leave, and punched me in the stomach instead."
Sherlock smiled and nudged John with his shoulder as he continued to eat. A few minutes later, Mary Morstan walked over smiling at them. "Hey, guys! How's my favourite couple?" She sat down across from them and laid down her tray.
Sherlock obeyed and laid back so he could lift his hips up and allow John to pull his trousers and pants down. He sat back up once they were off and looked down at the other boy with lust filled eyes.
Sherlock gave John a watery smile, tears still falling down his cheeks. He grasped his hand a little tighter before letting it go and laying his head on the bed next to John's side. "I'm sorry, John..." he murmured, "I'm so sorry I wasn't there to stop him," he sobbed, turning his face and burying it in the blankets.
"So he hinted at wanting to attack Sherlock again when he got another chance to?" Ms. Rodin asked, glancing over at the defendant.
John put his phone down and curled up in his bed. He was still wearing Sherlock's clothes which smelled like him and he pulled off the shirt so that he could bury his face in it.
John shook his head. "I'm alright as long as you're here," he said, smiling back. "But do you think you could..." He shifted around a little, trying to see if he could make room in the bed around his various wires. "I'd like it if you could get in here with me. I know I'm going to have nightmares tonight. It always happens after something like this."
Sherlock smiled and opened his mouth, feeling a bit like a child with his fiance feeding him. He decided to have a bit of fun with it though and took a bite as slowly and seductively as he could possibly manage. He chewed and swallowed, rolling his eyes back and moaning softly, "mmm,
After a few moments Sherlock collapsed, dizzy and breathless. They ended up on the ground, Sherlock hovering over John. When he caught his breath and stopped laughing, he smiled brightly down at John and brushed the hair away from his face. "You're so beautiful," he whispered and kissed him lightly. "How long can you stay?"
Sherlock looked up at his fiancé and smiled, cupping his cheek. "My hero," he whispered and leaned up to connect their lips. John was so good to him, doing all he could to protect him. He was reminded once again how much he loved the other boy, how much he needed him.
Sherlock continued to rut desperately against his lover and whimpered into the kiss. He reached back and slid one of his own fingers into his fiance's arse and thrust it in and out at the same pace of his hips.
John definitely liked that reaction. He dipped under Sherlock again and repeated what he'd just done, smirking up at him after. He swirled his tongue around Sherlock's slit, scooping up the precum and swallowing it.
. I needed to testify... for me." He leaned in and gave him a quick kiss, resting their foreheads together afterwards. "If I hadn't told that story... Sebastian would still have been able to control me... to intimidate me and hurt me. But now... I feel freed. Thanks to you, John. You gave me the strength and courage I needed to testify." He smiled at his fiance and wiped the tears from his eyes.
John smiled, face warming as he leaned into Sherlock's touch. He pulled himself up just enough to kiss Sherlock again, but the effort was too much to make it last and he laid back again. "I think if you keep kissing me, I might heal before supper," he said with a smirk.
"Right." John scooped Sherlock back into his arms, running into the building. As soon as they saw him, the workers scrambled to get a stretcher and laid Sherlock out on it, wheeling him away. John didn't want to leave him but they wouldn't let him back so he sat in the waiting room, wringing his hands. He'd be okay. They were helping him now.
"Thanks... John." Sherlock almost called him 'love', but the look on his father's face when they walked in made him refrain from using the term. "And thank you for having me, Mr. Watson," he said and smiled nervously at him. He didn't want to admit it, but he was a little intimidated by John's father and he didn't want to mess anything up by saying or doing the wrong thing.
John quite enjoyed having Sherlock in his class, and sitting next to him. It made for an interesting, and entertaining, experience. And he decided that the moment that they got some alone time he was going to show Sherlock exactly how it felt to be teased like that.
Mycroft looked John up and down, "you have not fully proven yourself to me yet, John Watson. I will be keeping a very close eye on you both. Do not underestimate me, I have ways of knowing even the most minuscule details. With that said..." he held out his hand for John to shake, "welcome to the Holmes family."
John did not expect Mary to push him against the wall, nor did he expect her mouth to press to his a second later. He scrunched up his face in disgust. It was all wrong. Pushing her back, John resisted spitting on the floor next to her with how grossed out he was. "Look, Mary, I don't know what you think you're doing, but in case you haven't noticed, I have a boyfriend." But Mary didn't look upset in the least. In fact, she had a smirk on her face, and John's heart plummeted into his stomach. He should have known there was something strange going on.
Sherlock pulled away after a while and leaned in to whisper huskily in John's ear. "Je t'aime tellement, mon merveilleux mari." He started kissing along his husband's jaw and down his neck. "Tu es si merveilleux..." he placed an open mouthed kiss on the other man's Adam's apple, "tellement incroyable..."
John felt awful. He had never thought that the defence lawyer would bring those things up, but then again, why shouldn't he? He was trying to make John look bad, and right now, John felt just as bad as he was being portrayed. And now, Moran might walk because he couldn't keep his big mouth shut. When Ms. Rodin had left the room he turned into Sherlock's side, pressing his face to the other boy's shoulder. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I've ruined everything," he said softly, tears welling in his eyes. "I failed you."
Sherlock smiled sadly, "Yes, I'm so sorry you had to go through that. If it was up to me, I would have been right there with you on your first day back." He sighed and pulled John closer, burying his face in the other boy's neck. "Mmm... you smell so good," he mumbled sleepily.
... That my heart stopped." Sherlock frowned and closed his eyes tightly, taking a calming breath before opening them again. "It's a miracle I'm alive right now... here with you. And I'm so glad."
Sherlock moaned again, unable to keep his arousal from getting stronger. He sighed contentedly and raised his arms as slowly as he could so he didn't alert his lover and then grabbed onto John's bare arse.
Mary waited with them until the ambulance arrived and walked out with John as they loaded Sherlock onto the stretcher. She watched them both get into the back of the ambulance and grabbed John's hand. "Let me know how he is, okay? And if you need anything, or someone to talk to... Just ring me." She gave John a sad smile before letting go.
John had buried his face in his knees, unable to stop a few tears from escaping his eyes. He should have known that this would be a bad idea, but he thought that maybe he could handle it. But he hadn't been around people that drunk since his sister, and it brought up too many bad memories, especially since he had just been thinking about it this morning.
Sherlock was pacing the foyer as he waited for John and his father to arrive. He was dressed in a deep purple button up shirt that was tailored just for him, so it fit him perfectly. He also had on black dress pants which were also tailored.
...I love you, too." He was nearing the edge with each movement, but he just needed a little something more for the final push.
Sherlock kissed John on the lips briefly and hugged him tighter before letting him go to get up and grab them both some clothes. As he walked over to his bureau, the butler knocked and after Sherlock told him it was okay to come in, he pushed in a cart with two bowls of dessert. It looked like they were having brownies with ice cream and whipped cream on top, one of Sherlock's favorites.
John kissed Sherlock back, relaxing. He was right, everything would be perfect. Besides that, they still had time before they had to face that obstacle. And it would be even easier because they would be together. "So do I. No more distance between us." He gave Sherlock another kiss, smiling.
John let out a soft sound of content as he kissed Sherlock back. He smiled a little sadly at him. "I just wish that you had been my first too. My first time was really awful." He grimaced at the memory.
Sherlock shrugged, "not really, no... I just don't see the point. It messes with my thought process and I don't like not being able to focus."
Sherlock laughed and stood, kissing John on the cheek. "All right then..." he grabbed a dark green button up and a pair of dark grey slacks and handed them to the other boy. "Here... If you want it to be a surprise, there's a changing room on the other side of the mirrors."
John shook his head. "No, no. I have to fix this." He was the one who had caused it, he could snap him out of it...Couldn't he? "Sherlock, wake up. Please!" John shook him slightly, but the glazed look remained. "Sherlock? Come on, Sherlock!" He kissed him again, getting frantic.
John shook his head, smoothing a hand over Sherlock's back. "You're not weak. Not at all. In fact, you're the strongest person I know." He smiled and kissed Sherlock's temple.
John had no intention of leaving Sherlock's side for a good few days, so he was very glad that his father had plans of his own for the weekend. Hamish would have let John stay anyway as he knew the boys needed each other to recuperate from this whole ordeal.
The sun rose a few hours later and was finally time to go to school. Sherlock struggled to stay awake on the drive over. When they got there, he plopped down on the steps to wait for John.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open as he felt John struggling against him and was immediately concerned, "Hey... John it's okay, I've got you... It's me, come on, wake up," he said softly and hugged him tightly, kissing his forehead and trying to rouse him.
John hesitated but those words went straight to his crotch. "Fine. But you tell me the first instance of pain if you feel anything, alright?" He started to strip down to nothing but his underpants, and then he kicked them off as well, climbing in bed with Sherlock. "So what is it we're about to try, anyway?"
John smiled to see Mrs. Holmes again. She was such a lovely woman and she made him feel welcome. Sherlock's father was quite handsome and he could see now where his boyfriend got his cheekbones. He shook Mr. Holmes's hand and smiled, speaking as politely as he could. "It's nice to meet you as well. Thank you for having us."
"He started yelling at us that we had ruined his life because he got expelled and lost his Uni scholarship, which was thanks to the attack on me. I tried to tell him that it wasn't our fault that he couldn't deal with the consequences of his actions, but he just started screaming at us that we were freaks. And then..."
John nodded slowly, making the connection between Sherlock's last name and the name of the street. Maybe it was just a coincidence...Maybe. He climbed onto the bike, wishing that he had a helmet so that he could offer it to Sherlock, but he didn't even wear one himself. He patted the spot behind him and smiled charmingly at Sherlock. "I'll be careful, I promise," he said, winking at him. What was going on? He was almost flirting with him.
She smiled nervously and cleared her throat, "well then... We're going to go over a few questions that I expect Sebastian's lawyer will ask you and some that I myself will ask. To begin with, I would like to talk about the first incident. John... How did it all start?"
John looked down, eyes automatically going to the healing wound in Sherlock's side. "I want to do it," he said firmly, looking back up. "Anything to get him behind bars. Even though I don't think that's nearly enough to pay for what he did, it will have to do." He searched Sherlock's face to try to see how he was feeling about this. "If you want I can do it for both of us," he continued, more gently. "Whatever you want. But I am definitely willing to testify."
John thought back to the conversation. "Well, he was saying that it was our fault, that we ruined his life. I said that he was the one that ruined it because he came after Sherlock and I. And I told him that he shouldn't take it out on us because he couldn't deal with the consequences."
Sherlock was both excited and apprehensive at the prospect of being so tightly pressed against John and he felt his heart rate increase again. He gave John a smile in return, "Of course, no problem. I live out on the edge of the city, 418 Holmes Court. It's um... a big house. Kind of hard to miss," he chuckled nervously.
John caught Sherlock, a little more slowly than he usually might have. "Are you okay?" he asked, tilting Sherlock's face up. He could see the bags under his eyes, which probably matched his own.
As soon as the last bell rang, John sprinted from the building to his bike. Luckily, even though he had left it overnight, it was fine. He zoomed out of the car park and into the city to a little flower shop he knew. He found the nicest bouquet he could afford and then rode to Sherlock's house, readying his apology speech. Even though he still had no idea what he had done, it was good to be ready.
Sherlock smiled sadly, "doesn't mean she won't try to..." Just then his mother announced that the dining area was open and he stood to follow everyone else in, holding his arm out for John again.
Sherlock looked up and smiled at the sound of his name. He stood and waited for John to get closer. "Hey," he said softly, grinning and stood with his hands by his side, fidgeting awkwardly. He wasn't sure what to do, not knowing what kind of greeting John would be comfortable with in public.
John rolled his eyes. "It doesn't matter how fast we get on the plane, love. It still takes off at the same time and takes the same amount of time to fly." He smiled with reddened cheeks at the stewardess, then hid his face.
John left Sherlock's trousers and pants around his ankles and then leaned forward. "You thought I was a tease before?" he breathed against Sherlock's crotch, enjoying the little twitch he got from his lover. "Just wait." He trailed his nose along Sherlock's length, ever so slowly.
Sherlock felt tears come to his eyes, "no..." he said weakly. Sebastian tightened his grip on Sherlock's throat, "I told you to stay away from him, he's not like you," he growled before punching Sherlock in the jaw.
John swallowed, because the idea was incredibly arousing, but he couldn't be late for school. He grabbed the shampoo while Sherlock rinsed and lathered his own hair. "Don't worry. Next time I sleep over, I promise we'll do whatever you like." He smirked a little and reached out to grope Sherlock's arse for just a split second before going back to washing his hair innocetly.
After lunch, the rest of their classes went by fairly easy. When the last bell rang, Sherlock held tightly to John, loathe to let him go home after his nightmares the evening before. "Could I... maybe spend the night with you tonight? After today I just... I don't know if I could sleep alone," he said quietly and stroked his thumbs along his fiance's back.
Sherlock was crying too, his mind trying to shut out the pain it was experiencing. He hung his head, ashamed. His hands came up to clutch at his head and curled up as much as he could.
Sherlock looked around the room, it was small but very lovely. He smiled at John and walked towards him, wrapping his arms gently around his boyfriend's waist. "I like it," he said softly and leaned down to kiss John.
John whined as Sherlock's tongue left, but moaned again when his long finger slipped in its place. God, Sherlock knew just what to do to drive him crazy.
bastard!" he screamed. The only thing stopping him from running over was the guard next to Sebastian who had stepped in his way. "You'll get yours...You'll get exactly what you deserve!" He couldn't stand anymore, slumping down into a seat and crying.
John glanced around at the house as they traveled up to bed. It was lovely, like Sherlock's house in England, but more cozy. He held Sherlock close as they kissed, mouth falling open to let his husband's tongue invade him, losing himself in the fact that they were here alone and married.
John let out the tiniest moan that he could manage, clutching at Sherlock's shoulders. His hips rocked subtly, desperate for more friction from his husband's hand. "Sherlock...God,
John pressed his face to Sherlock's neck, kissing over all the marks he'd left when they were on the plane. He let out a long groan and picked up the pace of his thrusts a bit. He was enjoying this, so much, and it brought him back to their first time together, the first time they'd physically been one. And now they were bonded in every way possible.
Sherlock murmured something incoherent and nuzzled further into John. His arms came up around his fiance's neck and his eyes fluttered open to look at the other boy and smile sleepily. "Hey... you're strong too," he mumbled when he realised he was being carried and pulled himself closer to kiss John on the cheek.
. He grasped at the back of John's head, scratching his nails lightly along his scalp. He could feel himself hardening, but kept himself in check, biting his lip, not wanting to take things too far just yet.
Sherlock smiled and followed behind John, keeping him close the whole way downstairs. They probably looked a little funny walking through the door and he smiled at John's father as he came into view.
"I'm doing quite well, thanks," Mary said and smiled. "So listen... I'm having a party on Saturday and was wondering if you guys would be able to come. I'd love it if you could make it."
Sherlock nodded and hugged his father again. "I love you, dad," he said softly. "I love you, too son. I'm so proud of you." Mr. Holmes kissed his son on the forehead before sending him back to his fiancé.
John looked over to Sherlock smiling, but his face dropped when he saw Sherlock frown. He realized that Sherlock must have been thinking about what he'd just said. He'd inadvertently given away that he had trouble getting three square meals a day. John put a hand over Sherlock's and grinned at him. "Don't worry about me. I'm used to it. Someday it'll all work out."
Sherlock caught his breath and finally opened his eyes, looking at John and nodding slowly. "O-okay, I think I'm ready."
... man that I have ever met. So don't you go feeling all down about yourself, okay?" He smiled and leaned forward, kissing him lightly. "I love you."
John grinned brightly and squeezed Sherlock. "Now we just have to tell your parents," he said with a laugh. "But that went so well, I'm hardly worried anymore."
he thought and brought his own fingers to his mouth, wetting them and moving forward. He licked around the head of John's cock for a few moments before sneaking his moistened fingers back behind him and pressing one against his entrance.
John grunted into Sherlock's mouth as he stretched his lover. Finally, he pulled his fingers out and grabbed his own cock, using the precum there to slick himself before positioning at Sherlock's entrance. With a groan he pushed in slowly until he was as deep as he could go.
Sherlock moaned, "and you look absolutely amazing on top of me." He let his hands roam down his lover's back. He smiled and let his fingers dip between John's arse cheeks. "I want to be inside of you so badly... I want to pound into you until you're screaming in pleasure," he whispered against the other boy's lips.
John smiled and kissed his phone. "I love you, too, my darling. See you tomorrow." He gave the mobile one last kiss and then hung up. With a heavy sigh, he put it on his nightstand and then tried to fall asleep.
John poked his tongue out at Sherlock, but followed him down the stairs, grabbing hold of his hand. He was excited to see what Sherlock had planned, but he also was hungry, and he could smell breakfast from halfway down. He was glad Sherlock had agreed to eat as well. It wasn't good for him to go so long without food.
John didn't see the exchange between Sherlock and Moran as he was looking down into his lap. This was always so hard, no matter how many times he talked about it. "When I saw him, I stood in front of Sherlock," he said quietly. "Sebastian said that he just wanted to see how we were doing, and I told him to get out. I said that since he was alone this time that I would be able to take him down." He would have too, if it hadn't been for the gun. "And then he pulled out the gun." Again John needed to pause to try to compose himself. The closer he got to...that, the stronger the memory became.
"Hmm..." Sherlock rubbed his chin. He turned and smiled cheekily at his lover. "Wash me in the shower?"
John nodded, "they're trying him for attempted murder," he said. "We'll never have to worry about him again." He again found himself thinking about exactly what he would do if he ever saw the face of that low-life again, but he shook the thoughts away for the moment.
... That's it, love. Come on... come with me," he murmured and locked their lips together as he felt himself reach the peak of orgasm, wanting to finish at the same time as John.
"Sherlock, John... this is Helen Rodin, she will be the attorney representing you both." Helen stood and smiled, extending her hand.
Sherlock leaned forward and kissed the tear away. "I love you," he whispered and captured John's lips. He kept his hands on his hips, rocking up to meet him on every thrust.
John cried out, clutching Sherlock's shoulders before moving down to drag his nails over Sherlock's back. There would certainly be red marks there the next day. He bucked his hips up, meeting Sherlock and groaning at the feeling of their fully bared arousals rubbing together.
Sherlock smiled, "your dad seems to be adjusting well. Maybe it's because there's no reason for him to worry about you getting me pregnant, yeah?" He laughed and nudged John with his elbow as he dried the last dish.
John started easy, bending low to kiss Sherlock deeply. He put a hand to the back of his neck and tilted his lover's head up, slipping his tongue into his mouth, feeling the familiar contours and crevices. He rocked gently into his lover, just teasing.
Sherlock moaned and twitched at each kiss to his body. He felt oversensitive all over and loved the way John was making him feel. When his lover looked down at him in such awe, he broke into a smile and his cheeks turned red.
John felt warmth fill his face and he moved his hand to lace their fingers together. "You are such a sweetheart. I can't believe no one else has scooped you up yet." He finished off the rest of his breakfast and a glass of juice before looking back to Sherlock. "Ready?"
"Mmm..." John paused for a moment, thinking about the party about the fact that people would be drinking. "Sherlock," he said looking up. "I never did get a chance to tell you about my sister." He wanted Sherlock to know, especially after yesterday.
John didn't miss Sherlock pulling away from him and he bit his lip. Had he done something wrong? He hated to leave like this but he did have to go to school. "Alright...I'll see you after school then." He finished getting dressed and stood for a moment, feeling like he should say something but he didn't know what. So he just whispered, "I love you," and left the room.
"I'm glad," Sherlock whispered, pulling John's face closer, "I want to make you forget having anyone else. God, it makes me sound so selfish, but I do." He locked their lips together and moaned as their tongues collided.
Sherlock finally stopped shaking and the voices were growing quieter, but he still worried about whether John was going to stay. He looked up and locked gazes with the shorter boy. "Please... don't. Don't leave me," he whispered, tears starting to fall again. "I'm sorry... I'm so sorry." He desperately needed John to stay, more than he ever needed anyone and if it meant he had to push aside his deeper feelings for him, he would.
John let out a low sound. "Well...I think that you should lay down on your back." He pushed Sherlock so he was laying flat. "And I'll get you all worked up..." John climbed over him and kissed down his neck. "And when you're ready, I'll ride you," he whispered, nipping his ear.
He looked over at John and furrowed his brow, "let me guess... when you found him, you tried to embrace him, didn't you?"
John had Sherlock pinned to the wall and ground into him as they kissed. He already was trailing a hand down towards Sherlock's arse, the water of the shower making for an easy lubricant. His fingers trailed into the cleft of his arse, teasing him open.
Sherlock panted, his mouth wide open as his strokes grew frantic. Within seconds he was coming, his back arched clear off the mattress. "J-John!" he screamed at the top of his voice and collapsed on the bed, heaving breath into his lungs and focusing on slowing his racing heartbeat.
John pulled up and looked at Sherlock, seeing that he was struggling. "Is it too much?" he asked softly. He didn't want to keep Sherlock like this if he wasn't enjoying it.
John returned the kiss, feeling a bit better. He smiled warmly up at his fiance and nodded. "You're right. I shouldn't worry." He kissed him again once then put his cheek back to Sherlock's chest. "Thanks, Sher."
"What?!" Sherlock said and let go of John, his fists clenched by his sides. "The defence claims that Sebastian didn't come with the intention to kill either of you, only to scare you. On top of that, the defence claims that there isn't enough evidence to prove that he wanted you dead."
John felt Sherlock's heartbeat under his palm, one of his favourite feelings in the world, and he smiled back at his lover. "And you will always hold mine." He leaned down to kiss Sherlock again, long and slow, pulling back only to speak again softly. "I think we're both lucky, because we found each other so early. Not many people can say that they found their soul mate in secondary school."
The next day went by quickly, far too quickly if you asked Sherlock. He was enjoying spending time with his new fiance, talking and laughing, spending most of their time in bed. Sherlock still didn't feel up to doing much other than snogging and giving each other hand jobs, but by Sunday afternoon he felt well enough to ask John to try something new with him. "Please?" he pouted, looking up at the other boy with wide eyes, "I promise I'm well enough to do this... I wouldn't ask if I wasn't."
John certainly did know that the Holmes boys were different in that capacity. It was part of what made Sherlock so special. "Yeah, I did," he answered.
John kept moving his fingers along Sherlock's head, combing through his dark curls. He pressed in closer to his lover's lips, arching his body and letting out a soft sound. He dropped a few kisses into Sherlock's hair, all he could reach in this position. "You're too good to me."
"Of course," Sherlock chuckled and leaned down to kiss John on the forehead, "who else would I share this with but you?" He cupped the other boy's cheek in his hand and leaned down to lock their lips together in a passionate kiss, moving his lips softly and slowly against John's.
John massaged Sherlock's scalp as he bobbed his head, letting out a sound of discontent when Sherlock pulled off. As the other boy came up to kiss him, he ground upwards towards his hips, letting their cocks rub together.
..." He groaned as softly as he could and looked up into the other boy's eyes as he continued to thrust.
John pushed back to meet Sherlock, wanting him as deep as possible. He moved himself, finding the perfect angle to get his prostate with every thrust and cried out. "Oh...Ohhh, fuck yes,
Sherlock squeezed John's hand, "I know... I'm sorry." He felt tears coming to his eyes, guilt pooling in his stomach. If he had told John the truth that day, none of this might have happened.
Sherlock nodded, "I will, I promise." He hugged John again and then pulled back to kiss him. "I love you more than anything," he murmured against the other boy's lips.
Sherlock sighed, "Mycroft can be... difficult at the best of times. He also has this overwhelming need to protect me and goes to the greatest lengths to make sure I stay safe."
John grinned and he ruffled Sherlock's hair a little. "See? Everything's alright now." He reached under to tilt Sherlock's chin up. "We're both going to be fine," he said with a smile.
Sherlock blushed as John kissed his cheek and took the gift from his fiancé. "John... I told you not to make a fuss," he murmured and smiled down at him. He led the other boy down the stairs and to the limo where the driver was waiting to open the door for them.
John didn't have time to react before Sherlock was upon him and kissing him. He kissed back with fervor, his arousal already working up just with that. A moan escaped him and he tilted his head to give Sherlock more skin. As Sherlock moved to his nipple he arched up. "Oh, Sherlock..." He could only imagine what Sherlock had in mind when he hid under the duvet, but he had an idea. And his cock twitched in anticipation.
"Good night, my beautiful John. I love you more than anything," Sherlock said and placed another kiss on the mobile. "I will see you in the morning."
John slept with only happy dreams, feeling quite well-rested by the time Sherlock's kisses woke him up. He left his eyes closed but made a soft sound and nuzzled into Sherlock's neck further, wanting to stay just where he was for the time being. He reached down for the duvet, pulling it up to his shoulders so it covered both of them.
He was quite muscular, his skin a few shades darker than Sherlock's and he could barely breathe, overwhelmed by the desire to touch. He slowly dropped his spoon in his bowl and stood up, walking over to John and grabbing onto his hips as he stood. He kissed the side of John's neck, "you, John Watson... are absolutely beautiful," he breathed against his skin.
Sherlock closed his eyes and soaked in each sound that came from John's mouth, biting his lip and moaning when he found his release. He kissed his boyfriend on the cheek before reaching down and popping open his own trousers. He pulled them down his hips with his clean hand and wrapped the hand covered in John's cum around his own cock and began stroking himself.
John poked his tongue out at Sherlock and then moved to kiss along the line of his jaw. He hummed softly as Sherlock's hands roamed his body, and he let his own trail over the lithe form of his lover. He loved the feel of Sherlock under his fingertips. His skin was so soft and smooth, like nothing he'd ever felt before.
..." he breathed out. Damn the other man for having him completely wrapped around his finger. Or in this case, wrapped up in his fingers.
Sherlock smiled and kissed the top of John's head. "You need to call your father, don't you? That is... if you're still planning on staying the night. I have some sleep clothes you can borrow so you don't have to go all the way home."
John watched Sherlock as the defence lawyer started questioning him, hoping that he'd be able to get through these questions a bit more easily. After all, they hadn't been prepared for the fact that Sherlock was going to testify. But when he started asking about the drugs, John knew that Moran must have been somehow telling his lawyer to ask about them. He stood with Ms. Rodin when she objected, one second away from saying something himself.
He tried to be comforted by Sherlock's arms around him as he thought about the reaction he might get from his father. Hopefully things turned out alright. He didn't want to have to make the choice between Sherlock and his father, because he already knew that he would choose Sherlock and that would break his father for sure.
Sherlock took John's hand and walked over to his family. "Mum, Dad? John and I have something to tell you." Sherlock's parents turned to them and smiled, "what is it, boys?" Mrs. Holmes said, looking back and forth between them. He took a deep breath and squeezed John's hand, "We... have decided that we want to get married. I proposed and John said yes. We're engaged."
Sherlock smiled, "yeah, I know what you mean. I'd had a lot of offers you know... Before you. Some of the kids of my parents' friends would come onto me, just wanting sex and nothing more." He shrugged, "But I just didn't want that. I wanted my first time to be with someone special... Someone I truly loved and who loved me back." He cupped John's cheek and kissed him softly on the lips, "And it was."
Sherlock nodded, "of course, I'd love to," he said and helped him rearrange the wires and blankets so they could both fit in the bed together. He slid his arm under John's head and laid it on his shoulder, wrapping his arm around him.
Sherlock clung to John as he felt him enter him finally and he threw his head back with a loud moan. He felt like everything was finally coming together and that he was at last complete. The feeling of being so connected with the love of his life was more than he could possibly put into words.
John finally gave up on the shirt and then pushed Sherlock's hand away to get at his trousers. He pulled them down with his pants and moved to work off Sherlock's. Once they were both bare from the waist down, he gave Sherlock his fingers to suck. He was going to prepare himself.
take you down." His anger was burning hot inside of him. How had Moran even gotten inside in the first place? Well, it didn't matter. He was going to make sure he never came back.
"I love you, too," John said softly, threading his fingers with Sherlock's. "You did the same for me, really, and you don't have to thank me for anything. It's my honour to love and be loved by you."
John kept his gaze steady as Mycroft listed everything that had happened over the past few weeks. Yes, there was no denying that his presence had caused those things, but it wasn't as if John had wanted those things to happen. All relationships had ups and downs (though probably not the kinds that they'd had) but in the end, the fact that they were still together through all of that proved the strength of their bond.
Sherlock Holmes-Watson to you," Sherlock said and poked John in the stomach. He laughed and got out of the hot tub to grab the bucket again and clean out the water.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed her wrist, "look... Kenzie. I'm sure you're a very lovely girl when you're sober, but I'm taken and I have no intention of changing that fact. Now if you'll please excuse me..."
John gasped, clutching at Sherlock. "Oh...oh God..." He rocked forward into his fiance's hand. "Are you sure...this is a good idea?"
Sherlock watched as she put the papers in her briefcase and right as she was about to leave, he spoke up. "He doesn't deserve you," he said firmly.
John whined as Sherlock's fingers grazed in the cleft of his arse. He squeezed himself as he stroked and moved faster on his lover, slamming down to try and get a hit on his sweet spot. "I l-love you...oh, fuck...I love it when you-
Sherlock stared at John as they drove away, hand pressed flat against the window until they turned the corner. He sighed and turned forward, slumping in the seat.
Back in John's room, Sherlock was struggling and whimpering in his sleep. He kept repeating 'no' in a sleep slurred voice and he was sweating profusely.
John hummed happily and kissed him back. "I love you, too. You're so perfect. Everything I've always wanted." He gave him another few quick kisses.
Sherlock squeezed John's hand tightly, standing a little in front of him. "It's not his fault... He was just saying what he had to... the truth."
Sherlock kept crying, making soft, sad sounds as he kept his hold on John. He screwed his eyes shut and allowed himself to be rocked, trying to let it calm him.
Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes, feigning sleep. "Don't even bother..." He sighed as he heard his elder brother's voice come through the closed door. "I heard you two at it less than five minutes ago and I know you could not possibly have fallen asleep in such a short period of time, no matter how exhausted you are." Sherlock growled, "what do you
Once they were both clean, Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and placed a firm kiss on his lips, only lingering for a second before pulling back with a smirk and stepping out of the shower.
"You and I are never going to get bored, I'm sure." John smiled and looked into Sherlock's eyes. He brought a hand up to caress his cheek, leaving it there as he closed his eyes.
John shrugged, letting the man open the door for him and sliding into the limo. "I know you did. But how could I not get my fiance a gift for his eighteenth birthday?" He looked around the interior of the limo, more than a little impressed. The seats were soft leather, there was a small fridge near their feet, and music was playing low in surround sound.
John kept his tongue inside of his lover, moving his head as best he could from where it was stuck between Sherlock's legs. He finally pulled out, then slipped a finger in his place, sliding it in easily. He brought his face up over Sherlock's cock and licked off the precum before fully engulfing him.
John was surprised when Sherlock's mother teased him about not having friends, but then he remembered that Sherlock had said his parents didn't ever spend time with him. They didn't know. He snuck his hand onto Sherlock's knee, giving it a gentle squeeze. As Sherlock explained how they met, specifically leaving out the part about the rugby team, he just smiled and nodded in agreement. "Thank you, Mrs. Holmes. That's very kind of you."
John hummed a little. "I think Sherlock said something like that once. He said that's why he used before, because certain memories were too hard to get rid of." He realised then that there was a party full of people besides him that knew there was more than just what Sherlock remembered, especially Mary.
Sherlock let his hands drop to his sides as his lover lavished his body in kisses. By the time he made it to Sherlock's crotch, he was a quivering, moaning mess.
John blew on his lover's cock, watching as it twitched. "I'm glad you're enjoying this. Because I'm nowhere near done yet." He climbed up on top of Sherlock, straddling him again. He bent to Sherlock's chest, licking over one of his nipples.
Sherlock sighed in relief and slumped against John. In a way he was glad it was his fiance's father, but he wasn't too fond of the idea of him possibly finding them in the shower together.
Mr. Tabling was a larger man with short, black hair. He was young and had an almost angry look about him. "John Watson..." he said, approaching the witness stand, "you were friends with Sebastian when you first started going to school here, were you not?"
Mr. Watson cleared his throat a little and John flushed, pulling his hand back from Sherlock's face. He tried to push himself up, wincing at the pain that shot through his body. "Um...thanks, Da. You don't know how much it means to me that you're here."
John laughed. "I'm sure she was thinking the same thing. Maybe you'll have to come here and we can dirty my sheets. Give yours a break." He sighed, running a hand over the empty space next to him in the bed. "I want to kiss you..."
John gasped, gripping the sheets as he tried not to climax then and there. It stung a bit, but the pleasure far outweighed and discomfort. He kissed Sherlock back, whimpering into his mouth as he felt so full with his lover inside. And when Sherlock finally started to move, he moaned loudly and pushed down to meet him. "Sh-Sher...oh,
"Good..." John massaged Sherlock's scalp, being sure to get all his curls fully soapy. He chuckled and took some of the soap, putting it on Sherlock's chin. "I wonder how you would look with facial hair." He started dabbing the suds on Sherlock's face, creating a shampoo beard and moustache. "Still adorable."
John's father looked up and turned as he heard Sherlock speak. With a deep breath he stood and walked closer to Sherlock, holding out his hand. "I have to apologise for the other day," he said, voice a little choked. "It's just been very difficult since John's mother left us and when he came home with you... it was just a shock." He attempted a smile. "John must really care about you to want to take the chance of my disapproving. You must really be something special."
John raised one eyebrow. "Sherlock. I may be tired but I know you and I can tell when something's wrong." He brought him over to the table he had been sitting at.
Sherlock laughed and reached over to pat the back of John's hand, "of course, that's our job after all, isn't it Mr. Watson?" He smiled and winked at John's father.
John frowned at that. That was something he kept forgetting about; having to face Moran again. "Well, you'll be out sitting and he'll be up front. You can always close your eyes, love." He rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock frowned, confused, until his insecurity set in and voices that sounded strangely like every person that had ever bullied him filled his head.
When John's father got the call, he paled and nearly fainted. He didn't even tell his boss where he was going as he ran from the building, and nearly sprinted all the way to the hospital. He felt just...terrible. He kicked his son out of the house, and now he had been beaten within an inch of his life. If John... No, he wouldn't think like that. He went straight to the emergency room and demanded to see his son.
John let out a soft groan and moved his hands possessively up and down Sherlock's sides. He moved his lips to the newly exposed parts of Sherlock's neck, kissing and nipping in a line down the pale column of skin.
John groaned a little when Sherlock started fidgeting. "Sherlock...cu'it out..." It took him a second but then he realised that his fiance must be having a nightmare. John sat up and opened his eyes. "Sherlock? Sherlock, love, it's John." He gently shook his shoulder, trying to wake him.
Then John looked back to Sherlock and he smiled, tears welling again in his eyes. He turned into him and wrapped his arms around his fiance. "I love you. I love you, so much."
, John..." Sherlock murmured and worked John's trousers and pants to the floor. He undid his own trousers and pushed them down his hips. Then he grabbed John by the waist and turned him around. "I want to fuck you... Right in front of these mirrors," he groaned against his lover's neck.
John panted, heart thumping loudly against his ribs as he watched Sherlock take off his pants with his teeth of all things. "Fuck, that's hot..." He let his head fall back as he felt Sherlock's lips on him, but a moment later looked down at Sherlock and whined at the lack of attention to where he needed it most. He fought against Sherlock's hands but the boy was stronger than he looked. His pent up movements channeled their way upwards to his throat, culminating in a low moan of frustration.
Sherlock sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. He really didn't like his birthday. All it consisted of was smiling at fake people who gave fake wishes and presents that he usually just ended up throwing away. Mycroft was right though, there was no way he could convince his parents to cancel on such a milestone birthday. "Fine... Thank you, Mycroft... Now go!" Sherlock could hear the smile in his brother's voice as he replied, "Good night, dear brother!"
"Well, one of the guests was a man by the name of Richard Garsdale. I believe your father would know him... His former boss," he smirked slightly at John's father before continuing. "Mr. Garsdale just so happens to also be the man I told you was having an affair on his wife. He was... informed... that if he did not resign and put in a recommendation that your father be given his position, his private affair would become
John let his mind drift, thinking about Sherlock and how now they wouldn't have to worry about being attacked anymore. At least for the time being. He just hoped that Moran and the others didn't try to find them outside of school. The chances were slim, but still possible. If they did, John would protect Sherlock until the end.
Sherlock blushed and smiled, "John is amazing," he said, "I honestly can't live without him." Sherlock's mother beamed at them, "they are certainly quite a fetching couple, reminds me of Siger and I when we were dating." She reached over and took her husband's hand.
Sherlock smiled brightly and with his heart fluttering, he leaned down to press a kiss to John's forehead. He closed his eyes and held his lips there for a few moments before pulling away and looking into John's eyes, "thank you," he whispered. He loved the feel of John wrapped around him and knew that he could stay this way forever if their bodies allowed them to.
John didn't have a chance to question Sherlock further about what they were doing before the other boy had fallen asleep. He sighed fondly and kissed the top of Sherlock's head before closing his eyes. It wasn't long before he was asleep as well.
John settled himself further against Sherlock, closing his eyes. He didn't resent him, not at all. Sherlock was his other half who just happened to also be a boy. He loved him for him, and would have probably loved him even as a girl or even something else. There was no question in his mind.
"It's alright, love, I've got you. Nothing's going to hurt you anymore." John held him tightly and gave him soft kisses on the side of his face. It was this sort of thing that only made his desire to see Moran behind bars that much stronger.
John hummed and wrapped his arms around Sherlock. "Yeah. Nightmares." He closed his eyes and found himself thinking he could easily fall asleep standing up as long as he was with Sherlock.
was right. When Sherlock pulled away and spoke again, sounding so worried that John would take it back, he brought his own hand to Sherlock's cheek. "I'm positive." He then scooted his whole body closer, pressing his lips to Sherlock's again, very gently.
"I guess the nearest closet or restroom will have to do then," Sherlock whispered and leaned closer to the other boy.
John tried to look at Sherlock's face, or get him to turn around, but he was solidly staying in his position. "Come on, love, I'm sorry. It's not that I don't want to do anything, but I was at your house for three nights." It didn't make sense for Sherlock to be this upset about him not giving into his desires. Unless it was something else..."Talk to me? Please?"
John let Sherlock clean him for a moment, then grabbed the shampoo bottle and poured some in his hand. He lathered it up and scrubbed Sherlock's head, turning his dark curls white. "You are amazing, you know," John murmured, kissing Sherlock's ear as he washed his hair.
John tilted his head to give Sherlock more skin. "If it were up to you, I'd never wear anything at all," he said, draping his arms over Sherlock's shoulders. He had to admit, though, Sherlock had an eye for colour and style.
When they reached the front of the school, Sherlock looked around for John, but didn't see him. He sat on the steps and waited, checking his watch every couple minutes.
He had a horrible feeling about what Sherlock was about to reveal, especially when he started the way he did. It made a few pieces from the other night with his bad dream fall together.
Sherlock chuckled and finally had mercy on John, placing a couple of kisses on each thigh before engulfing his lover's entire erection in one go. He relaxed his throat muscles and started to work him slowly, swirling his tongue around the head of his cock.
Sherlock smiled as he watched John button his shirt up for him. "What would I do without you?" He chuckled and straightened out his fiancé's collar and brushed off the shoulders of his jacket.
John smiled and kissed the top of Sherlock's head. "It's all thanks to you, love. You saved us." He smoothed a hand along Sherlock's spine slowly, other hand finding Sherlock's and twining their fingers.
Sherlock immediately wrapped his arms around his fiancé and let his tears continue to fall. He started shaking with near silent sobs and clung to John with all his might.
Sherlock lifted his head and removed one of his arms to start stroking John's forehead as he spoke. "Well, Dad said Ms. Rodin should be here around three this afternoon. I still wanted to show you the rest of the house, did you bring your swimming trunks like I told you to?"
Sherlock kissed John back with every touch of their lips. He could feel himself grow closer and closer to release and reached down to take himself in hand, pumping slowly. With his free hand he reached up and pulled his boyfriend's lips to his again, kissing him deeply, tangling their tongues together, moaning and whimpering into his mouth.
John had thought he was a pretty good swimmer, but Sherlock was fast, and he soon found himself trapped. He looked at him in challenge, a smirk on his face. "Do your worst."
Sherlock glanced from John's hand back to his face and he hesitated before grabbing it and allowing himself to be pulled up. "You don't have to do this, you know," he stated, pushing himself up off the floor with his free hand. He was shocked the boy even ran the other boys off, let alone that he was trying to help him now, no one had ever shown any kindness toward him before.
Mr. Holmes sighed, "well, you won't do him very much good if you pass out either," he said and chuckled. "How about this... I'll get a nurse to bring in another bed and we can have them pushed together. That way, you can get some rest, but still be here when he wakes up. What do you say?"
John got quite a few smiles and pats on the back during his first classes. A few people even expressed jealousy that the two of them were off the market. He just smiled back and tried to act nonchalant. The attention was very different, but not entirely unwelcome.
Sherlock hummed sleepily and leaned into the kisses, keeping his eyes closed. He tightened his grip on John and snuggled closer to him.
Sebastian advanced on him and sat on his chest, beginning to throw punches to every part of his upper body. A blow to his jaw, one to his shoulder, several to his stomach and chest. In a blind rage now, he just kept pummeling him as hard and as fast as he could.
John quirked an eyebrow at Mycroft, wondering what he meant by 'out of the way', but he supposed that it didn't matter. It was for the better.
Sherlock gave John a kiss on his forehead and reached up to run his fingers through his fiancé's hair. "Back to school tomorrow... Together." He smiled at the thought, he would be able to keep anyone from saying bad things about his fiancé and prove that all the rumours were wrong.
John looked up at him with a tear-stained face. "What?... But you don't even know what happened," he said, calming a little. He wiped his face furiously and sat up.
John grinned and kissed him back, glad to know that Sherlock was alright. He hummed softly and snaked his arms around Sherlock's neck, holding him close.
you want to do this, Sherlock? There won't be time for me to prepare you. It'll all be done on the spot."
John smirked, gently rolling Sherlock onto his back and hovering over him. "Well, Mr. Holmes, allow me to give you your treatment. Just try to stay still for me." He bent low to kiss Sherlock's lips, then moved to his jaw, gliding his lips down to his neck. The kisses were warm and lingering, mouth open and teeth grazing.
When John started jerking his arms around, Sherlock tried to grab them and hold him still. He put his mouth right up to John's ear, "John, it's me. It's Sherlock... Wake up, okay? Please wake up," he whispered.
He raised his head and looked into John's eyes, his own searching the other boy's face. His brow furrowed in concentration, "I think... I may be falling in love with you. How can that be? We only just met..." he murmured and shook his head.
Sherlock had a feeling he knew what was coming next. He laced their fingers together and squeezed him once. Then he lifted his head to place a kiss on the side of John's neck, trying to comfort him.
"Mmm... I agree," Sherlock murmured and wrapped his arms around the other boy. "I love you, John," he whispered and kissed the top of his head.
John sighed, so happy, as he kissed Sherlock in return. "Second only to you," he said. He finally pulled himself out of Sherlock and rolled off onto his side, pulling him close.
John stood with Sherlock, locking his fingers in place. The judge stepped in and up to his seat in front of the court, motioning for everyone to sit again. This was it. John's heart was pounding hard in his chest. He glanced back to seats where Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and his father were sitting, and then to Sherlock for one last look of support. Now it was only a matter of time before they called for his testimony.
The rest of the week went by quickly and John found himself back on his feet and feeling completely better. Friday afternoon, however, he was feeling nervous, as tonight was the night he was meant to meet Sherlock's father and officially have dinner with the family.
"Well..." Mr. Watson took a deep breath before continuing. "Because I ran off, I wound up...losing my job."
John obliged, moving further down on Sherlock. He got halfway before he stopped, lolling his tongue over the rough skin. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew Sherlock was going to get back at him for the teasing. But it was too much fun to resist.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John back, humming contentedly. "You... are the most amazing lover," he murmured quietly and leaned in to connect their lips again.
There were eight big leather chairs with leather footstools arranged in rows in front of a six meter high, seven meter wide screen. There were speakers all along the walls and a projector hanging from the ceiling. Off to the side there was a popcorn maker and a fridge with drinks, along with a cart filled with boxes of candy.
Sherlock smiled and cupped John's cheek, "thank you, love," he whispered and kissed him on the lips softly, deepening it for a moment before pulling away. "We don't have to do it today if you don't want to, it can wait a bit longer if that makes you more comfortable."
Sherlock stood and took John's hand, leading him back down the hall and to his bedroom. He went to his closet and returned a couple minutes later with four different coloured scarves. He handed them to John and smiled, standing and waiting for him to tell him what to do next.
John let out a soft moan, rocking slowly against Sherlock. He pulled back from their kiss to breathe, but immediately latched his lips to Sherlock's neck, kissing over old marks and pale skin, making sure to hit every inch of it. He smoothed his hands over Sherlock's chest, to his shoulders, and down again to his sides. When he got there, he pushed the other boy's shirt up from inside his trousers and slipped his hands underneath, repeating the action.
"Oh...shit, Sherlock..." John moaned softly then put his fist to his mouth to bite and muffle the sound. Not that it wouldn't be obvious to his father anyway what they were doing up here. He couldn't see the mark that Sherlock had left on his neck, but he was sure that it would look fresh when they came down for supper. He laid back on his hands, spreading his legs a bit wider.
Sherlock woke early the next morning and found John still sleeping, but didn't wake him. Instead, he just watched him sleep. Sherlock didn't think he'd ever seen something so beautiful. He looked so peaceful and he smiled faintly up at him.
It was strange to see this woman, who just yesterday was being nice to them, turn around and sound so accusitory. The longer she acted this way, the more defensive John felt. "Yes. Because they were attacking him."
Sherlock hummed in content, "yes, Doctor." He relaxed and let his eyes close, focusing entirely on the feel of his boyfriend's lips and hands on him. "Mmm, I think this is the best medicine I've ever been prescribed," he said cheekily and chuckled.
Sherlock hummed into the kiss and pulled back only when he felt the need to breathe. He rested their foreheads together and sighed happily, eyes closed. "Breakfast should be ready soon," he murmured, staying where he was.
John dipped under Sherlock, peeling apart his lover's cheeks and revealing his entrance. He had been thinking about doing this since Sherlock had done it for him. He slipped his tongue out, swiped it over him, then licked a long stripe from his entrance and up along the length of his cock.
"And Sherlock? Where was he hit, can you show me?" Helen asked and stopped pacing. Sherlock swallowed, he thought they could just move on, but apparently Ms. Rodin wanted every little detail.
John's sleep wasn't peaceful either. He started to dream about the trial, and that no matter what they said, the court wouldn't put Moran away. He tossed and turned and thought about calling Sherlock, but he didn't want to wake him.
Sherlock chuckled, "sleep well, love... I'm pretty tired myself." He wrapped his arm around John's waist and snuggled closer, twining their legs together. It didn't take long for him to drift off, the lack of sleep catching up with him.
The judge dismissed court and they took Sebastian away again. Soon it was just Ms. Rodin, John, Sherlock and both the boys parents in the room. Sherlock had fallen out of the chair and onto the floor of the witness box, shaking and sobbing. Helen put a hand on John's back, "he needs you, John... Go to him," she said.
John felt awful for bringing Sherlock to this again. It seemed like every episode that Sherlock had like this was because of him. He tried to get Sherlock's face tilted up so that he could kiss him or something, anything to get him out of this trap. "Sherlock, please don't cry. You're alright, you're safe."
Sherlock frowned, "why are you here? Did Mary decide she was done with you?" he said, bitterness creeping into his voice and tears beginning to fall down his cheeks. He looked away, not wanting to look into John's eyes as he rejected him.
John let out a soft hum and draped his arms over Sherlock's shoulders, mimicking his movements. "Natural rhythm and two left feet. You're all graceful and whatnot." He was trying very hard not to let himself get aroused when they hadn't even been dancing that long. He was not having much luck.
Sherlock shrugged, "she deserved to hear it. No one should have to deal with the abuse she obviously went through." He looked over at John and smiled, "okay, maybe not
John looked over and took Sherlock's hand, swearing he heard a bit of a choke in his fiance's voice. "Are you sure?" He laced his fingers through the other boy's. "I won't be able to sleep if I know you're mad at me." He actually wasn't sure if he'd be able to sleep well at all without Sherlock tonight. And Sherlock probably wouldn't either... Oh. Was that what this was about? "Sherlock...do you want to stay at my place tonight?"
John shivered a little, hiking the blanket up so it created a shield. "F-fuck..." he stuttered out, trying so hard not to let his hips go wild. Sherlock always knew just how to drive him crazy. "More, please," he begged.
John turned to Mycroft at those words, eyes wide and heart pounding. He looked back to Sherlock, the amazing boy that had just happened to come into his life through a bit of good timing and swallowed a lump in his throat. He couldn't deny it. He loved him already.
When John could find the strength, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock, holding him in place. "You're right," he managed, breath slowing. "Never boring." He grinned lazily and moved to hide his face in Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock smiled and led John back to the dining area and out to the dance floor. There was a faster song playing now, so he smirked and pressed his back against the other boy's front, grabbing his hands to place them on his hips and began swaying to the beat.
Sherlock kissed the top of John's head and smiled. "I think this would be a good time to make our announcement, yeah?" He said and looked over at his parents, standing to the side with Mycroft.
His father sighed and rubbed his face. "They're still trying to get me worked into the whole ordeal," he said. "But it should get better. How was your day?"
Sherlock smiled and turned John around to look in his eyes and cup his cheek, "you would be okay with people at school knowing about us?" he asked, honestly surprised that John wouldn't want keep him a secret.
Sherlock removed his fingers once the were wet enough and brought his hand back behind his lover, pushing one inside his entrance. "I love the way you feel inside, so hot and tight..." he whispered huskily against John's lips. "You like having my cock in you, don't you? Tell me... tell me how much you want it."
John slipped his arms around Sherlock, watching out for his side, and pressed his face against Sherlock's neck. "I love you, too. Thank you for...for everything." For saving him and for coming back to him.
John laughed and squirmed as he was covered in cake, and when Sherlock finally stopped he smiled up at him cheekily. "I know. Very lucky." He leaned up and started eating the cake off of his husband. "Maybe we could take some with us, and I'll eat it off other places of your body," he murmured.
"Da..." John had just gotten his previous blush to disappear only to have it come rushing back. "Between the both of you, my face is always red," he grumbled.
Sherlock grabbed John's wrist and forced his hand off himself. "No..." he growled, "I want you to come with just my cock. Can you do that for me?" He looked up at his lover, his eyes telling him that he wasn't going to really force him to try if he didn't want it.
Sherlock stroked his fingers through John's hair for a few moments and sighed happily. "We had probably better head back in before they start looking for us," he said softly. He lifted his fiancé's head and kissed him lovingly before opening the door to the limo and stepping out. He started buttoning his shirt back up, sticking his tongue out a little as he concentrated.
Mr. Watson looked back at Sherlock and could see the fierceness in his eyes. His son was in good hands. "Welcome to the family, Sherlock," he said quietly.
John swirled his tongue in Sherlock's slit, still with just the tip in his mouth. He brought his hands up to push his fiance's legs open further, keeping them on the soft pale skin of his inner thighs. He liked this, liked seeing how far he could go with Sherlock while he had to be quiet.
The increased tightness around his cock and the sight of John coming apart caused Sherlock's own orgasm. He came deep inside of his lover and screamed John's name. When he was finally milked of all he had, he let his head fall back, panting.
John blushed a little, looking at Sherlock. "Well, it didn't really matter, boy or girl. Sherlock is Sherlock, and he's my heart."
Sherlock sighed, "we'll have to manage somehow," he murmured. The first bell rang and Sherlock reluctantly pulled away, but grabbed onto John's hand. He walked him to class and kissed him on the cheek again before heading off to his own.
," Sherlock moaned, feeling himself get even closer to his climax. "M-me too... come with me, love," he breathed and wrapped his hand around John's and helped jerk his cock faster.
Sherlock kissed John lightly, "It will be considerably easier to do since you will be there with me. No worries of
"John..." Sherlock moaned, arching up into the touch of his lover's lips. He reached down to settle his hand on the back of John's head, lightly scratching at his scalp.
John sprinted back down the hall, coming close enough to hear Sherlock's last cry of his name. Turning the corner he found the rugby team surrounding the other boy, who wasn't moving or making any more sound. And that was all it took for John Watson to snap.
Sherlock lifted his head and looked deep into John's eyes. A smile spread slowly across his face, "no, my dear... I wouldn't. In fact... I think we're much more than that. You are not only the missing part of my soul, but of my very being. My body, heart, mind and life. What we have is so much deeper than love." He caressed his lover's face and kissed him softly.
"Oh, God...Oh, Sherlock!" John was so close, he was literally shaking. He cried out again and again, getting closer and closer. And then Sherlock's hand was on him and he was moving faster, pushing John over completely. He came hard and fast, thrusting into Sherlock's mouth.
Sherlock beamed at his fiance and stroked his face, memorising every detail. His blue eyes, his full cheeks, his thin, beautiful lips. He let his fingers graze across every feature, then leaned in to kiss his eyelids before letting his lips touch every inch of the other boy's face.
He watched in surprise, though, at the short exchange between his fiance and their lawyer. Once again, Sherlock's genius had seen something he probably wouldn't have noticed himself. He squeezed his hand as she left the room and leaned over to peck him on the cheek. "That was very sweet of you," he said softly, resting his head on the other boy's shoulder.
"Right..." John sighed a little. This was going to be rough for both of them, but he knew that it would be worth it in the end. He kept one hand moving on Sherlock's back, the other coming up to caress his face. "We'll be alright. I know it," he said softly.
John hung onto Sherlock, trying to calm his racing heart. He was never going to get back to sleep now. After a while he finally relaxed, slumping against Sherlock and breathing deeply. "I hate nightmares," he muttered. "I'm sorry."
John accompanied Sherlock's groan with one of his own, holding tight to him as he didn't want Sherlock to get up and open the door. Especially not when the two of them were starkers. "Maybe if we don't make any noise, they'll think we're asleep," he whispered into Sherlock's ear, so low he didn't know if the other boy could hear him.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John on the lips before moving along the side of his jaw with tender kisses. He peppered his face and moved his lips down to the other boy's neck, nipping the skin lightly. His hands reached to the bottom of his fiancé's jumper, pulling it up and off.
Sherlock pulled himself together as best he could and looked up at John, "No. Please, John... you can't... you can't leave me. I
John pulled his mouth from Sherlock's skin and moved it close to his ear. "I could have fucked you the first time we were in your bed together," he breathed. "You're-ah!...So sexy, it was all I could do to stop myself." He slapped Sherlock's backside and thrust harder. "Oh, fuck...You're mine, Sherlock. No one gets to have you like this but me."
Sherlock kissed John back, glad to be able to feel something other than pain. "I'm sorry I scared you," he said softly, looking deep into his lover's eyes, "I just... I had to save you. I couldn't let that bastard take you from me."
, John... get on with it already, you bloody tease," Sherlock whispered harshly. He was sure he was going to rip the arms of the seat at this point.
John groaned at Sherlock's nails digging in, back arching. He gazed back at his lover, hips still moving as he tried to make sure he kept hitting Sherlock's sweet spot. He loved the way Sherlock looked in this moment; eyes half-lidded, mouth slightly open, curls wild. He bent his head to kiss his lover's neck again, getting close.
your body feels fantastic." Sherlock rested his forehead on his lover's shoulder blade as he kept a slow and steady rhythm, adjusting his hips and trying to find his prostate.
John smiled at Sherlock, squeezing his hand. "Don't worry about me, I'll be alright." He started to eat, then looked back at Sherlock, wanting him to eat something as well.
Sherlock moaned loudly in response and feeling his lover clenching around him, he was soon brought to his own release. His hips jerked sporadically as he came deep inside of the other boy and he grunted with each spurt. When he was finished, he collapsed on top of John, gasping for breath. "Shit... that was hot," he panted.
John looked down as well. "Hmm...Do you have a bucket or something? We could just scoop the water out." He chuckled a little watching the way it moved.
Sherlock smiled as tears came to his own eyes. He held John close and gave him soft kisses on the lips, running his hands gently up and down his back.
Mycroft stepped up beside John a moment later, "So... you're marrying my brother," he said, his hands clasped behind his back.
Sherlock chuckled and turned back to the screen. By the end of the film, he had settled very comfortably and had fallen asleep on John's shoulder, his face buried in the side of his fiance's neck.
John pulled Sherlock down closer, enjoying the touch of their tongues. If they hadn't just done something, he would already be half hard just from that.
John smirked and pulled away. He wiggled himself down Sherlock's body until he was between the other boy's legs. He started kissing Sherlock's inner thighs tenderly, enjoying the little twitches of his muscles at the attention.
Sherlock hummed happily and kissed John back just as hard. He pulled back with a smile and leaned in to kiss him a few more times, soft and quick.
Sherlock smiled, "that's good." They spent the rest of the day talking about all sorts of things and exchanging lazy kisses every now and then. When the sun started to set, Sherlock led John back out of the woods and out in front of the house. "Are you sure you can't stay another night? There's plenty of room in my bed, you know," Sherlock smirked and leaned down to nip at John's earlobe.
Sherlock let out a loud groan, feeling himself grow closer with each thrust. He smacked John on the arse and threw his head back, closing his eyes. His entire body was focused on the pleasure his lover was giving him and he could feel the sweat dripping from his face as he pounded into the other boy.
Sherlock looked around, trying to find John and he shook his head. "No... I'm actually here with my fiance. Thanks for the offer, though."
, yes..." Sherlock groaned softly and gripped harder to the arms of the seat. His breathing quickened and he had his eyes screwed shut against the pleasure his husband was giving him. He wanted so much more, but knew John would tease him relentlessly after what he did to him.
John watched Sherlock in curiosity, wondering what he could mean. That is, until he was given the tiny box. His eyes widened and he blinked rapidly a few times in disbelief. "Sherlock...is this?" A smile tugged at the edges of his lips as he opened the top.
Sherlock grinned, "I take it you approve then?" He chuckled and pulled his lover to him, wrapping his arms loosely around his waist.
John frowned a little. "I'm not hiding her. She... she just never came up," He said hesitantly and followed Sherlock back to his room and started to get dressed. "I could tell you about her if you really want to know."
