Tony nodded, turned and stalked off. Steve took one step after him, hesitant, and then whirled around, walking in the opposite direction. He really wasn't ready to talk to Tony, at all.
She held it over the girl's carotid artery and, quietly humming something - a lullaby, a melody, he didn't know - she slid it into her throat.
He tried very hard not to think about how terrible his life was as he jogged through the forest, being very careful with his cargo, followed by around five armed delinquents. He'd never thought he'd end up in this situation, not in a million years. It was frankly quite funny if you looked at it from any point of view other than those of the ones doing the actual funny stuff.
In which case they were all screwed.
'Hey, will you two lovebirds stop eye-fucking each other? There's kids around, ya know! Get a room, or tent, or something!' Barton yelled, making Steve's face burn in embarrassment and causing Tony to shout back, 'You're just jealous no one would eye-fuck you, Barton!' which earned a fair amount of snickering from all those in earshot.
Bruce froze. He knew for a fact that Loki hadn't told any of them about the dam in the river.
'We need a quarantine, fast, before anyone else gets sick,' Bruce told Steve thickly, and Steve nodded.
Loki didn't reply.
He'd passed out more on this one day than he'd passed out in his seventeen years of life.
'Do you really believe that? Do you think I would risk a relationship by keeping secrets? Don't think you know everything about me, Laufeyson. James knows, and so does Clint, in case you were wondering, and Steve and the rest will know soon as well.'
Nothing good if Tony Stark couldn't get laid.
Tony was frozen in shock. He couldn't move, tears silently running down his cheeks, when suddenly there was a loud bang and the people around him disappeared. The world returned to normal and he could breathe again.
He walked over to Tony and took the rifle from him. 'First you gotta find the charging handle - it's for putting the cartridge in the chamber, clearing stoppages and clearing the weapon, and then you gotta put the magazine - okay, it's already loaded. It's a dummy clip.'
'Now do you fucking believe me?' he shouted angrily, staggering to his feet. His face was so bloody and covered in dirt Bruce could barely make out his mouth and eyes.
'Yeah. Um, okay. I wanted to ask if you were willing to come to an agreement with us -' Steve began, but he was cut off.
It hit her that she was giving out way too much information about a gun than what was considered normal and she shut her mouth, but Barnes clearly was a quick thinker.
There was something so oddly naive yet so admirable in the way Steve carried himself, the way he stood up for himself and the way he viewed the world - and Tony found himself - god forbid - actually... kind of falling in love with Steve.
Her thoughts were interrupted by James, Darcy and Betty entering the room. Darcy immediately went to Clint's side, her eyes anxious. She scanned his pale face and then glanced at Natasha, who had her chin on her hands and was watching them both.
Bruce staggered back, and then yelled at Bucky and Wade to get away. They didn't know what the hell was causing the tears of blood. Bruce had seen sicknesses before that caused the same symptoms. He didn't know if Rumlow had the same sickness and Bruce wasn't going to stay to find out.
Finally T'Challa stood up and climbed down the ladder. Clint cheered him and Darcy smacked his arm. 'Ow, you're almost as bad as Natasha. Why does everyone slap me?'
'What could possibly be better than solitary confinement?' she scoffed.
Bruce was sitting in a lookout spot on the wall.
There was shouting and a high-pitched voice screaming. Bruce pushed through the crowd, trying hard not to jostle and step on people's feet, and squeezed to the front, where Steve and Bucky were dragging something bloody behind them.
But of course, this ragtag team of delinquents came along and interfered in her perfectly good plan to ignore people and suck it up by herself for the rest of her life.
Of course, they wouldn't let her ignore them in peace. Over the course of the first day, they tried to make simple conversation with her. James refused to leave her side and Clint was as annoying as usual. By the time the second day came along they knew something was wrong and they were trying to apologize for anything they had done, assuming she was mad at them.
There was a ringing silence.
Mjolnir was reassuringly heavy in his hands.
He wondered how life on Earth had been. The way it was described in their history textbooks, it was the most beautiful place in the universe. The SHIELD Helicarrier - the biggest and the most advanced civilian space station out of the twelve other civilian space stations - could barely hold a candle to it. He'd done many, many sketches of what he thought Earth had looked like.
a rest of your life,' James muttered.
'Wait, are we going to be floated?' he asked her, panicking, and she shook her head, still holding back tears. 'No, thank God. You're going to Earth. They're running out of -' 'Mrs. Barnes, we are on a tight schedule here,' one of the guards interrupted. She ignored him and yelled after them as they dragged Steve away.
'What's strange?' he asked her. 'The fact that even when there's a crisis and the need to survive, and everyone would make it out fine if they stuck together, people still start fights and cause arguments and manage to widen the rift even further and that is why we ended up there, I'm pretty sure,' she told him calmly. Her twin brother Pietro was a few feet away, gaze flicking between his sister and the brawling delinquents.
It was locked.
A screen in front of the craft flashed and Commander Nick Fury appeared on screen, his mouth in a grim line and his eyepatch as festively black as usual. 'Good morning, all of you. I am Commander Nick Fury. You are gathered here as volunteers for a mission which hasn't been attempted in the history of the Helicarrier - you are going to Earth.'
'It was nothing I didn't hear before. You know Dad, he's a dick. Always has been one and always will be one. I'm used to it,' Tony said nonchalantly, shrugging it off.
Jane nudged him and pointed out a group of stars in the sky.
Natasha stood up. 'So, you're saying if you can find out what's in that poultice, and if I bring back the ingredients for it -'
'What?' she asked finally.
'There's the Stevie I know and unfortunately love!' he said gleefully, thumping Steve's back.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'That won't matter at all, seeing as they already know,' Natasha replied, just as smoothly, lying through her teeth -  but he didn't need to know that.
Bruce liked to stay under the radar. He liked to stay back, not get involved, live his life peacefully with no drama.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
HYDRA didn't have any airborne vehicles, which was their only hope. They needed to either find a place where the river was shallow enough to cross with all their equipment intact - which would be quite a distance away from the delinquent camp, judging by the force of the river - or they had to design waterproof equipment. Both options would take a long time.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
As soon as he was gone, a blonde girl appeared, with short, choppy hair and hard blue eyes. She cast a furtive glance around her and then looked directly at the camera. 'You're the leader of the delinquents?'
'It's a warzone out there,' Wade choked out, glaring viciously at Rumlow.
'Then we should land any time soon,' the dark-haired boy with the glasses said softly, and Tony hummed in agreement. 'You'd better hold on,' he added, and watched everyone immediately clutch tighter onto their seats. He glanced quickly at the two limp bodies in the Quinjet and looked away, guilt gnawing at him.
'That's the Big Dipper. It's part of Ursa Major, the Great Bear. Do you see it? It's like a cup and a long handle. The cup is part of Ursa Major's chest and her legs start from there.'
'Wait, then why did you -' Steve started, but was cut off again, this time by Natasha.
'I found glow sticks,' Tony said, and then laughed mirthlessly, lifting up several. He began to light one.
Clint wrinkled his nose. 'It's just... dirt. And trees. We're still outside.'
Tony was standing beside a door that was slanting into the ground. It was dark grey metal and had a sticker with the words KEEP OUT plastered over it, along with torn caution tape in the dirt beside it.
'Okay. I'm going to have to think about what you've just told me, and I'll get back to you. For now, make walls. Out of any material. Just make walls around your camp. That'll give you security from both random attacks and dangerous animals,' Fury told them, and they all nodded.
Thor looked at Jane. 'It seems to be around a kilometre away. Do you wish to alert the others or shall we make haste at once and find out what this drop ship is?'
name. Absolutely terrifying. Do
'Helpful,' Tony muttered, and then winced, but Fury didn't say anything, just gave him a disparaging look.
'I just wanted to say that if we continue like this then more of the fucked-up stuff like what happened today will repeat itself, and we're going nowhere by being insane unpredictable chimpanzees. We need a leader, or, y'know, someone who can make the decisions and we can vote - like a democracy - so we don't go crazy. Y'all agree?'
And by the time Rumlow was done with the makeshift noose, he was ready for death.
Thor frowned at the Stark boy, who was grinning at him. He could not tell if his words were the truth or merely a jibe.
For a moment he actually thought they were dead but then Steve started snickering, and so did everyone else, so he rolled his eyes and sat back. 'Fuck you, Barnes. Hope the ghoulies get you.' 'Ooh, I'm terrified,' Bucky said mockingly.
'If he does I'll break his nose,' Bucky said firmly, grabbing Steve by the shoulders. 'Listen up, punk. You're amazing. You're kind, sweet, caring - everything somebody could want in a boyfriend. Go for it. Tell him you've reconsidered. And if he does give you up - then he didn't deserve you in the first place, and I'll kick his ass.'
'Well. I came here expecting to talk to you about what you should do for the winter but instead I'm going to have to come up with ideas to take down a terrorist organization adamant on destroying everyone except for themselves.'
A familiar, muscular someone.
I know you're lighting a fire! I'm asking you why you would feel the need to light a fire when there's a massive bonfire in the middle of the camp!'
'Why are we playing volleyball with Barnes and why wasn't I invited?' a very familiar voice questioned. Tony Stark strutted over and grinned at him, slinging an arm over Clint's shoulders and ignoring the other boy's vehement protests that he was in fact, not a pillow for everyone to rest on and use as they please.
Clint caught sight of Steve, Thor and Natasha standing at the gate, all of them wearing full gear - jackets, utility belts, boots, backpacks, the whole shebang. He frowned. A hunting party would carry weapons. A border patrol wouldn't be wearing so much clothes. There was something else going on.
'Exactly,' he said, turning to Natasha again, this time confident in the fact that he had a supporter.
'Yeah, well, did I say it was? I've got better information for you. There's a section in the river only a few miles from here where the water can easily be cut off by making some sort of dam, since the river's banks are higher than the river itself at that point. If you block it up and take your equipment to the other side you can be here in just a few hours,' Loki told him succinctly.
Since they weren't eighteen, SHIELD couldn't put them on the death row, which was standard punishment on the Helicarrier. The surviving humans couldn't risk any mistakes, any rebels, any change in their perfect system, or else they all would die.
He sat up. He'd never seen a horse before, but they looked cool. He couldn't wait to see one in real life.
The delinquents backed away, all of them looking panicked.
'Nice. I suppose. Not much difference from the weird whatever you and Darcy have going on. We're just official. You're... in between. Getting there.'
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
The trail led all the way to the river - the same river which apparently wound all throughout the forest. They stopped and stared at the water, which lazily flew in the direction opposite to their camp.
But he didn't remember getting tied up. He didn't remember getting gagged, and he definitely didn't remember passing out in a cave.
Steve was about to say something when he started coughing again. Oh, right. The sickness. Tony caught him before he collapsed, eyes wide. 'Steve. You okay?'
It was a cruel world they lived in, but as they sat there on the grass, hands tangled in each other's hair, open-mouthed against each other's lips, Tony believed that it could actually be better.
'We have to,' Steve said passionately, his jaw tense.
She was standing in front of Rumlow, jabbing a finger into his chest. The entire camp was focused on the two of them. Everyone was watching.
He grinned.
'Wait!'
'I mean - if you're fine with it, then go ahead. Just don't do anything life threatening, and make sure you inform us about everything,' Steve instructed.
Holding them up to his eyes, he peered at the area where he'd seen the shadowy figure. Maybe it was one of the delinquents, maybe it was Loki coming back to deliver news - but he wasn't going to take any chances.
'Don't care. Get your ass in position.'
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony's smooth, flirtatious voice was back. Steve swore that he wouldn't let it affect him. He took a moment to compose himself and turned around to face Tony, arching an eyebrow, keeping his expression deadpan.
'Come on, losers, we're going on an adventure.'
'Yeah, well, changed my mind. Dammit, I wish I had Barnes' fingerless gloves right now, I do not want to touch that with my bare hands.'
'Hey,' a quiet voice said, and she looked up.
Clint yawned, stretched and then winced as the wound throbbed painfully. He needed coffee. He would actually kill for a good cup of hot, steaming coffee right about then. Sadly, they were on Earth, and he needed to make do with water. He reached for his clothes, ignoring the massive headache that was building slowly behind his temples, and got dressed.
'She's fine, don't worry, Carol. Come on, you two. I'll call her.'
new chapter! i'm early this time, woo. i wanted to say to all those people who have watched the 100 - i'm not going to follow the grounders' backstory for obvious reasons. hydra is a whole other can of worms and i changed it, mixed it up a bit. even the ending is going to be different from season one's ending. anyways: carol! yay! she's kind of like abby, except she's not anyone's mother, not a medic, and has a girlfriend.
Clint had the brilliant idea of putting her and Barnes in charge of exploring the other bunker, by themselves, while he, Thor and Bruce headed back to camp with the supplies from the first one.
Tony opened his mouth to say something witty to the boy when the spacecraft shook violently. Tony went flying and managed to break his fall by grabbing onto somebody's seat. One of the other kids who had been floating around wasn't so lucky. He hit the wall of the spacecraft with a horrifying crack.
He dropped to his knees and started to push aside the dirt.
Or maybe he
Steve rolled his eyes, smiling. 'An IED, then. Can you make one?'
You're dying, Clint.
Steve shook himself out of his desolate thoughts and went back to his drawing just as there was a loud bang on the door. He jumped and barely managed to get to his feet before the door flew open. Two armed guards shouldered their way into the room, gripped Steve's arms and began to drag him out.
She quickly sketched both constellations in her notebook and wrote down the names.
Thor froze.
'All in favor?'
Tony relaxed and gestured for them to step away. Rumlow thought they were trying to force the doors open with brute strength. Let him think that.
'I found it!' Tony yelled, and Steve stood up, jogging to the other boy.
You killed him with your fucking knife and now you have the audacity to
Bucky shrugged. 'No idea. I was lying earlier. We never sorted things out. We kissed and that was it, I guess. Don't worry, I'll figure it out.'
'That I cannot promise.'
'What the fuck even took him?' Bucky agreed.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'Oh, my God, that's wonderful! I've been dying to meet you! I love meeting people from the other space stations. It's such a surreal experience! Especially from Asgard. I was studying to become a foreign diplomat, you know, as well as taking advanced astrophysics. It's a pleasure,' she said, all in a rush, and he smiled at her.
As if he'd read Bruce's thoughts, Tony smiled, leaned back on the palms of his hands and said, 'Don't believe everything the media tells you. You'd think that when everyone's trying their best to survive because their home planet was destroyed, the news would lay off the celebrity gossip a bit, but no - they somehow find the time and energy to soak up the lies of Hollywood.'
'You could call me James,' he offered, so quietly she nearly missed it.
His eyes darted to one of the bottles she'd purposefully laid out on her right and her smile grew wider. In his bag she'd found four bottles. Two she ruled out as poison. The other two were antidotes but she knew if she gave the wrong one to Steve, he would die. Thankfully, Loki had just secured Steve's life.
'Whatever helps you sleep at night,' she said, leaning back.
Steve didn't have a choice.
'Well, Tony and I kissed. We kissed, and I liked it, and he did, too. And I'm not sure, but I think he indirectly asked me to be his boyfriend? And I want to, Sam, but I'm too scared.' Steve let out a sharp exhale. 'I really like him. I don't think I could deal with it if he ever broke up with me.'
'About the winter. We've found some records that show an old emergency aid depot not too far from where you are. Don't worry, it's not the civilian bunkers you've already discovered. It is of military design, and if the cold gets too bad you can temporarily move there.'
Sure enough, an antelope was standing in the middle of the clearing, its leg visibly wounded.
'You know. The one where I'm pretty sure you asked me out and I rejected you because I was scared, or some bullshit.'
Guilt slowly began to fill him just as the alarm stopped. The lights disappeared and the spacecraft was suddenly still.
'Yeah, that's my knife, but - but I swear I didn't kill him. I have no idea what you're talking about and you're in my fucking face, so move, psycho -'
'Yeah, but you gotta know when to stop, man. His entire life is some kind of cosplay because of some nutcase ancestor - no offense, Thor.'
'Good, I don't have to do anything then,' he replied, satisfied, and Steve sighed.
Bruce ran in and, along with Peter Parker, tried to drag Wade from the prostate body on the forest floor.
'I'm coming,' Clint said determinedly.
'One last thing,' he said softly, pausing his actions.
'Yes. I have a spear.'
'Mjolnir is the name of that Norse god's hammer, isn't it?' Natasha questioned.
But he was dying. The wound was fatal, and if he didn't get the proper medicine soon then there was no hope for him.
She looked at him with sorrowful green eyes, holding her hand palm-up, and he silently gave her his knife.
(See the end of the chapter for
In his stomach was a knife.
And Steve
'I just wanted to say - I'm really sorry,' Bruce told her sadly. 'I didn't mean to do any of that and I especially didn't mean for you to get hurt. I'm really, really sorry and if you didn't want to be my friend anymore I'd understand -' 'Bruce,' Betty said firmly, 'stop beating yourself up. I'm fine, see? None of that was your fault. I wasn't even injured badly at all, just a few scrapes. If anything I'm the one who should be sorry for even asking you to go through that experiment without testing the primer first.'
'We did not mean to,' she replied tentatively. 'We were just trying to survive. Those flares - we were calling to the Helicarrier for help, we never meant to burn down a village. We can help you rebuild, and we will offer our resources -'
Tony wasn't as sick as Steve, much to Steve's relief. He just occasionally had a nosebleed. They'd managed to contain the sickness to some extent, but their some of their best fighters - Steve, Bucky, Wade, Natasha, Clint - were all ill. Natasha and Clint both refused to stay in camp, which was why they were outside, scouting, but Steve forced everyone else to stay where they were.
'That depends on T'Challa. He is the camp's leader while Rogers is temporarily incapacitated,' Thor told her.
'Why not? I shall accompany you, Jane.'
new chapter, babes! guess what, steve's gotten over being a self sacrificial dumbass. well, he's still self sacrificial. just less of a dumbass, i guess. also, tony angst! :( fuck howard. like, can we just boycott him? ugh. idk why i make myself write angst but it's there in the tags, thanks to past me, who thought i was up for a challenge, or some bullshit like that.
His friends must've found him because he woke up to them cutting away at his wound, and all the rage of the burning fire was back. He screamed, screamed louder than he'd ever done in his entire life, screamed until his throat was fucking raw and all his words were broken whispers - and then he'd passed out for the third time.
He wanted Steve to die in one specific way, and Steve had an unpleasant feeling that he knew what was coming.
Every moment he dwelled on his situation was a moment lost, maybe the last moment for Steve. He had to keep working, keep moving, or else he would sink into a dark place he hoped he would never see after his father publicly disowned him.
'Just be safe,' she told him, and pulled him down to kiss him on the cheek.
It had two faces.
'Sometimes I wonder if humanity is meant to come back down here,' Thor agreed. 'We are only children, and we are just a hundred, yet somehow one of us is murdered. If we bring down the entirety of the human race, it will undoubtedly lead to chaos.'
'Fresh. Definitely Clint's.' Natasha was already moving ahead, one hand carrying the gun and the other holding Clint's bow.
'Yeah?' she asked him, ignoring the butterflies in her stomach whenever he said her name.
Tony was climbing down the ladder, his hair sticking up in eight different directions, soot on his face and his hands dirty, but he was smiling as wide as the Cheshire Cat.
It looked like it was on fire, zooming to the ground, leaving a trail of smoke in the sky.
James watched him and Thor walk away, and then turned to Natasha.
'Confident, are you?'
Bucky had never been the same after that, though, and he'd gladly accepted the news that he was kicked off the guard and he was going to jail. Both Steve and Mrs. Barnes had been so terribly worried about him, but they couldn't change the verdict at all.
Bruce wasn't one for open confrontation, and neither was he much for communication.
He was spared from listening to Clint's next long-winded anecdote on whether Darcy would say yes or no if he asked her to date him by none other than Rumlow himself. Thor sat up straight, watching the other boy prise open the band around his wrist and then smash it against a rock. His buddies did the same and they threw their wristbands into the fire Loki had lit.
Natasha hesitated, and then nodded.
'Anthony, you are a disgrace. I am not here to come back into your life. I do not want you. Who would want to even talk to you? All of your friends, they were your friends in the first place because of your money, and they stayed for it as well. You think they care about you? You're delusional, you pathetic fag,' Howard said icily.
he hissed back, trying to grab it from her, but Steve pushed in front of her.
She was afraid of her love.
She looked down at her own cup of Unity Juice. She had no idea what was in it but it tasted good, so she continued drinking it, watching as everyone else joked around and laughed. There was a festive spirit in the air. She could sense it. Maybe it was the fact that Scott also had whiskey from the bunkers and was giving it out to the older kids.
'Yeah, tell that to Pep. She's about ready to tear you to pieces. The only reason she didn't leave camp is because if she did leave for even a minute it would all go to hell over there.'
'Guess we're now facing nature's revenge, or some shit like that,' he mumbled. Steve snorted. 'Nature's Revenge sounds like a movie - like, Nature Strikes Back.' 'Yeah, and the sequel - the Return of the Human Race. We aren't gonna be in the sequel, though,' he mused, and earned a choked laugh from Steve, reminding Tony of what they'd been doing before the scream. It was way too awkward to continue now.
And of course Thor was assigned to both.
Natasha leaned back against the tree and looked around at their camp. They'd made some significant changes. The most noticeable one was the wall. They'd made a wall from scrap metal, wood, heavy barrels and boxes from the aid depot - anything strong they could find, really. The trees helped, forming a sort of support structure for the wall.
Steve glared at Thor. 'Yeah. They sent Loki and some other goons to call us to some bridge and we're going to talk there, I guess.'
The hill wasn't big but it was still tall enough to be able to tower over the trees on the ground. In the distance was a massive mountain, its peak touching the sky, and even from so far away Clint could see signs of man's work - steel structures, supporting beams and even a flag. It was beautiful in a rugged, harsh way, and was definitely Mount Weather, seeing as it was the only mountain they could see for miles.
'Never mind that now - we have to tell everyone! If we get back there and Rumlow's somehow converted the whole camp to his twisted idea of freedom -' Clint began, but Natasha interrupted him.
'Do I resemble a tomato in any way?'
Tony had asked one of their friends if they could cause a small distraction if necessary but he knew it was too risky, in case they spooked Rumlow and simply speeded up Steve's death.
yo, new chapter. sorry it's so late, i've been really busy and just realized i hadn't posted a chapter like an hour and a half back. this is literally the fastest i've written, lmao.
The delinquents were listening in through remote broadcast as Chancellor Fury gave a Unity Day Celebration speech on the Ark about how everyone was going to be on the ground next year. Everyone was happy and relaxed. Scott Lang had made a batch of "Unity Juice", or whatever, and was serving it out to everyone.
It seems as if he can’t last a minute without dredging something up something horrific from the past.  If he’s not bringing up Steve’s blighted happily ever after, he’s dipping into his incredibly deep pool of daddy issues.  Open mouth, insert foot.
Which he discovered on a
“I don’t know what exactly he expects me to do. It’s not like I have a stellar track record for making friends in this century.”
Steve debates turning his attention back to the bag, but really, the whole exercise hasn’t been very soothing.  He steps back and moves to unwrap the tape from his hands.  He keeps his eyes fixed firmly on his palms as he answers, “It’s not.”
Tony on the other hand, seems to know perfectly well what’s going on.  “If we’re going to do this, we’re doing it right.  I’m taking you out.  Dinner, movie.  All the stereotypical first datey things.”  His hands give an awkward little wave over the last part, as if the aforementioned ‘things’ could be summed up with superfluous fluttering.
staff to
“You were trying to save me from death by imminent explosion.  I think you can be forgiven.  Besides, the contractors will be here this afternoon, so there’s really nothing to worry about.”
She extends one hand. “Let’s go home then.”
“That’s the one.”
At first, Steve doesn’t understand.  If Tony was going to take off his shirt, why wasn’t he doing the sensible thing and reaching for the bottom hem?  But stripping, it seems, is not his objective, because when the shirt has traveled down past Tony’s collarbone, Steve starts to see a faint light radiating from under the material.
“Irrelevant,” Tony insists stubbornly, with all the grace of a petulant five-year old.  Steve’s interest in Tony’s sleeping patterns (or lack thereof) jumps.
“How?” has asks faintly.  “When?”
“I mean it! Smart, charismatic, beautiful —”
“Probably.”  Steve can’t stop the slight smirk that comes to his face.  “But when have we ever done things the usual way?
from crossing his mind.  He’d felt enough like a lab rat when he and the other man were separated by glass; now it’s about ten times as awkward.  He turns back to his array of holograms and tries desperately to think of plutonium isotopes and not the pink elephant in the room.
“I just,” he stumbles. “I didn’t see that one coming.”
“That is absolutely insane and makes no sense!”
The line goes dead, and Tony presses his foot down on the accelerator.  Somewhere in the night, Steve’s speeding toward the home they once shared so they can turn it into a crime scene.  He has to get there first if he wants any chance of making it out of this thing alive.
Howard’s daughter drives her nuts.
For a fraction of a second, he think’s Steve done something horrifically noble, like sacrificing himself to save Tony’s life.  It's definitely within the man’s character, and it seems like a horrible, frustratingly Steve thing to do.  Fortunately, his brain kicks in and remembers, oh yeah
And, in spite of his personal feelings about her, there’s no denying that Natasha is beautiful. He’s always known that much, even without having it so blatantly confirmed this morning. It’s all too easy to see how someone could be attracted to a woman who looks…like that. And she’d be passionate, he could guess that much. Even someone with only a surface knowledge of her personality knew that she was never still or silent. No, she’d give as good as she got. Besides, he really couldn’t see Shellhead accepting anything less in a partner. He’d want someone who could match him, someone who could push him to the edge just so they could tumble over it together.
“Yes.  They’re wonderful.”  A dazzling smile crosses her face, and she finally turns to look at Steve.  “It’s a shame you don’t talk to them more often.”
Turns out, traveling via Iron Man is the most efficient way to travel.  They make the jaunt from Manhattan to Chinatown in a matter of minutes, although they mostly have to rely on Tony’s helmet display for navigation.  He can just barely make on the familiar landmarks in the fading sunlight; New York has never come closer to looking like a ghost town.
“Oh, believe me I've tried to stop it,” she spits. “Not all of us can have such a tight leash on their feelings.”
“Now?” he barks.  “You want to do this now?”
“Chinatown,” he confirms.  “Natasha said – ”
Fuck, was it all a lie?  What the hell was SHIELD trying to prove, sending Captain America in as the SI liaison?  Fury, the damn son of a bitch, knows full and well that he’s Iron Man.  So does Romanoff, come to think of it.  Has Steve just been laughing at him this whole time and playing the clueless idiot just to get into his good graces?  And if so, why?  He hasn’t touched the Helicarrier plans in over a month, so it’s not as if Steve’s helping to promote SHIELD’s cause.  They haven’t even discussed SHIELD in weeks, in between the pizza and the music and the quasi-flirtatious back and forth.  What the hell was Steve even doing?!
He brought a bagged lunch and a sack full of library books.
“I was seventeen.  I wasn’t thinking clearly at the time.”
It’s funny, because if the whole thing goes through, there’d be recreations of
with a job to do, although what that job entails is still painfully unclear.  “What do we know?”
Her eyes widen at that and her lips part, but nothing comes out.
“Punching Nazis is straightforward and emotionally satisfying. Small talk is…” he struggles to find the right words; there aren’t any, so he just blurts out everything. “Natasha Stark the richest woman in the world, has five PhDs, and has the President of the United States on speed dial.”
Steve’s smile is just barely visible in the porch light. "It wasn't any kind of hardship.  Best fake date I've ever been on."
and Steve passes through them.  Stark crosses to meet him, though he doesn’t look too happy.
, right?!  You can’t just go jumping out of buildings like some bald eagle wannabe.  You are a
“Occasionally, but I don’t mind,” Natasha answers. “Our tastes are surprisingly similar.” There’s a smirk on her lips that hints at an inside joke and Steve bites back a tinge of jealousy.
Steve defended him against catty senators.
“No,” his friend insists. “No, it doesn’t bother me. I’d be a pretty terrible partner if I didn’t agree with you.”
“You are terrible at this,” he laughs against Steve’s shoulder.  "Oh my God, how are you so terrible at this?"
Holding his shield protectively in front of his chest, he steps out of the treeline and into the pathway.  Advancing slowly, he makes sure that he’s clearly within the hovering figure’s eyeline, but, surprisingly, she doesn’t turn.  He’s just about to make the first overture when she beats him to it.
Until suddenly it hasn’t.
“Indeed.  I believe this is meant to be a comical adaptation that pokes fun at the Sherwood legend.  There are musical numbers in addition to the aforementioned tights.”
“Sure,” Clint responds.  “Steve, I’m sorry if I – ”
See subject line.
No, the problem isn’t that Steve is Captain America.  The problem is the Captain America is
Well, that was just…endlessly infuriating!  So be it.  If Rogers thought he was going to give in that easy, he had another thing coming.  No one did stubborn better than Tony Stark!  He’d get tired of waiting eventually.
“In case you didn’t notice, there wasn’t time.  That tower was coming down, and there was no way to know if the building was clear.  People could have died.”
“Stand on top of my boot,” she directs, voice still slightly distorted by the suit’s modulator.   As Steph moves, Tasha pulls her in close and then they’re airborne.
It’s a bit stupid that this is the thought goes through his head the first time Tasha kisses him, but he’s spent the past couple of hours mentally hammering into his brain that Shellhead and Stark are one and the same. He’d just about finished mentally placing Natasha’s form inside familiar red boots, so it’s somewhat of a shock that he has to lean down to kiss her. The suit must have lifts, which he definitely has to tease her about later.
“Steve,” he begins exasperatedly, “you are
“Brilliant deduction, genius,” she snaps wetly.
Her shoulders jump slightly.  “Wait, are you talking about Agent Rogers?  Steve, as in SHIELD Steve?”
Instead of injuring the creature at all, the bolts seem to have had the opposite effect.  It rears back in anger and, extending its hands to their longest possible, reach, emits a nearly blinding blast of electricity that has Steve diving behind the barrier.
“Come on, you’re here every day for the past two weeks and suddenly you decide not to show?  What if you’d been abducted by aliens?  That’s a legitimate possibility now.”
And this is one of those situations in which she really needs to see Tasha’s face, because she
“How so?”
to be late last night, but he sometimes has a mind of his own. But everything else? That’s me.”
Steve perks up.  “That’s a great idea!  I bet people would love a chance to spend time with War Machine.”  He reaches into his pocket and grabs his cell phone.  “I’ll call him now.”
“Fuck!” Clint yells from his distant perch.  Steve can’t help but agree.
“That’s one way to put it.”  Yes, he is acutely aware of the “frozen time-travelish thing.”  Clint also forgot to mention the fact that he may-or-may not age normally and he knew Tony’s dad as a young man.  You know, just in case he didn’t have enough to worry about.
Steve increases the pressure for just a moment.  He brings his forehead to Tony’s for a few precious seconds before relaxing his grip and settling back on the couch.  “Taking things slow.”
“Eh, lie of omission,” Stark answers back.  “Besides, it’s still technically true.  Just keep telling me how much SHIELD would appreciate their shiny new toys, I’ll keep telling you to fuck off, and we’re good to go!”
“Thank you, JARVIS.  That helps.”
requires your sustained attention, whereas all you need to know about
“Yes and no.  It’s primarily modeled off the arc reactor that powers the Iron Man armor,” Stark answers, his head nodding toward the line of suits in the corner.  “But those things run off of vibranium, and it’s just too rare of a metal for me to go around using it commercially.”
“For what it’s worth, the Avengers did great.”
That explains nothing.  “And?”
“And?  Did you find appropriately funny pictures of cats?”
“Tell him you know about the Captain America thing and that you’re Iron Man.”
Steve still looks unconvinced, and Stark regroups.
“You’re both
“Of course not.  Wouldn’t want to compromise your upright moral principles and all.”  Tasha’s answer is cold, and she turns to leave, but Steph can’t let her go on that note.
“Keep going!”  He screams to his artificial audience of one.  If he’s going to go through all of this, dammit, he’s going to see it through!
“No. No, that’s all. I just wanted to apologize.”
Clint, to his credit, looks chastened.  “Look, it was just a joke.”
That’s less than reassuring.  “Why did it need to explode once?” he starts to ask, but immediately checks himself.  “Sorry, I promise I’m not snooping.  I’ll just...go.”  He begins to leave, but Stark’s voice stops him.
“What exactly are you looking for this time, Sir?”
“So,” Tony asks after a moment, “what’d you think of Hitchcock?”
“Greetings, friends.”
“I’m serious!” Natasha continues. Every server in this city dreams of becoming the next Hamilton or Phantom but ends up as Dead Prostitute #4. And don’t even get me started on the recasts.”
“Hey.”  He smiles at the other man and holds up the paper bag.  “I brought sustenance.”
“No. I just really like this view.”
“At least,” Tasha continues as if she hadn’t interrupted, “they love you until you mess something up.  Or lose a fight.  Or say something controversial.  Public opinion can turn on a dime, and then where does that leave us?  This,” she gestures up and down her elaborate and no doubt expensive getup.  “This is all of the legwork that goes on behind the scenes that allows us to keep doing what we do, because at the end of the day we need funding and the government’s approval, or at least their grudging toleration.  Hence, benefit galas with influential people in attendance.”
“Nothing’s wrong,” Steve stubbornly exists, ready to reengage.  “Let’s go!”
He gets the feeling that negotiations are swiftly coming to a close.  “Ma’am, I’m going to need you to stop whatever it is that you're doing and come with me.”
, and Steve didn’t get the chance to tell him about it first.  He doesn’t quite know if Tony’s made the connection between super strength and Captain America, but given that brain of his, it’s only a matter of time.  Christ, the man was just talking about how much he’d been hurt by SHIELD double agents!  How much worse is it going the be this time, when he’d actually tried to start a relationship with someone?  This cannot bode well.  At all.
He was afraid of that.  “Any news about what she wants?”
“It’s not the same,” Steve insists.
“No, ma’am. That’s what he said.” To Steve’s ear, the animated voice almost sounds...smug?
“No.”  He brings the handle swiftly down across his knees, neatly splintering the head from the shaft.  He’s left with a sharp, wooden stake about five feet long, which is nicely jagged at the end.  “But this won’t conduct electricity, will it?”
Shellhead is owed happiness, and if he thinks he can find happiness with Natasha Stark…more power to him. Steve can learn to live with it.
“I don’t understand…”
For a moment she seems to consider it, but she finally says, “It’d be a shame to let the food go to waste.” She looks away from him to glare at the ceiling. “JARVIS, remind me to have
“Think you can get us hooked in on that deal?”  Clint teases.
To: Potts, Pepper
“Not even a microwave.”  Out of all of the new technology he’s encountered in this century, the microwave is at the top of his list of favorite things.  Hot food on demand is not to be underestimated.
Whatever he was expecting to find when the doors opened, this isn’t it.
He takes a few more moments to tend to Dum-E before he make his way to the counter and shrug off his bag.  As he pulls his phone out, he’s surprised to find that he’s gotten one new message during the short ride over.
Sent: Friday, February 17, 9:03 AM
“Hi,” he starts.  “I’m Steve.  I think we got off on the wrong foot the other day.  You’re Dum-E, right?”  His bot whistles in reply.  “I didn’t mean to scare you,” Steve continues, “I just heard a loud noise and thought someone could be in trouble.  I didn’t know that you were a friend.  Could we start over?”
He pays the pizza delivery guy and digs into his order.  (No matter what Tony says, pineapple on pizza is a beautiful, beautiful thing.)  He’s just finished off his first slice when he finally thinks to consult JARVIS.
Technically not a man, given the shape of the woman pressed against him, but it’s definitely Iron Man. The person who’s fought alongside him for years. Who co-leads their team, who gave him a home, who binges shitty television shows and cracks inappropriate one-liners in the middle of debriefings. The person who has his heart and, if the way they are kissing him is any indication, feels the same way.
He knows this is probably going to cause a slew of problems.  Fury is going live up to his name and start angrily questioning his sanity, not to mention what Nat and Clint are bound to say.  Remarkably, though, he finds he doesn’t really care about that.  All he knows is that he’s been
“Yes,” he admits, forcing himself to look her in the eyes.
“I don’t know everything, Clint!” she says sharply, looking slightly flustered that she has to make the admission.
One minute he’s subconsciously guilting Steve into a confession, and the next he’s...dating the man?  If JARVIS didn’t have the footage, he’d swear he’d made the whole thing up.  But nope, the proof’s all there.  The Stark servers now have highly-classified video footage of him agreeing to “take it slow” with Captain America and their subsequent cuddling/movie-watching session.  How they went from arguing about their alien induced epiphanies to watching Mandy Patinkin swordfight with a Spanish accent is anyone’s guess.  If someone figures it out, they should really let him know.
Steve looks a bit forlornly at the displaced statues.  “Are they planning on rebuilding?”
“That’s good.”
Tony carries on.  “You sort of forced to think about what’s important and if some secrets are really worth keeping.”
She’s being remarkably gracious, both about his rather clumsy stumble this morning and about everything in general, and twenty-four hours ago, Steve would have taken her claims at face value. Now he’s not so sure.
Over the last couple of years, he’s learned to accept the waves of praise and criticism that come with being Iron Man.  Depending on the fickle will of the media, he takes the accolades as they come while trying to ignore the criticism, knowing that at the end of the day his alter ego is doing more good than harm.  No one has ever shifted any of the praise toward him.  At best, he’s a skilled mechanic whose invented another weapon.  At worst...well, the term war monger gets thrown around a lot.
“I don’t understand.  How’d he figure it out?”
It’s also possible that sleep deprivation and caffeine overload are causing him to hallucinate, but he’s never going to say that out loud.  (Admit one time to feeling the
Strangely enough, none of that’s actually a lie, aside from the age thing. He was born in 1918, ergo he’s 94. But aside from that minor snafu, everything else Natasha’s just said works out, if you ignore the fact that it happened in the 20th century and not the 21st. It’s…somewhat comforting.
To: Potts, Pepper
“Pretty harmless now, though.”  Tony knocks firmly one of the horse’s withers as if he’s rapping on a door, and that’s when it happens.
“Picked up after you left the scene.”
“I’m…” the AI pauses, and even Steve knows the hesitation is uncharacteristic, “...not quite sure what you mean.”
“What about when you turned eighteen?  Please tell me you didn’t continue the anti-tech crusade once you were legal.  I’m not sure I can handle that.”
“But I – ”
If he keeps repeating the mantra to himself, maybe his subconscious will finally internalize the message.  No matter how much he might want this…outing…to be something more, he knows Steve sees it as nothing more than one friend helping out another.  Still, that doesn’t mean he can’t enjoy his evening.  He’s dealt with his feelings for Steve this long; he can deal with them for a few more hours, especially if it means he gets to spend an otherwise miserable evening alongside his best friend.
Steve can feel himself unwinding as he descends that last flight of stairs.  It’s been a long, exceedingly stressful day, and all he really wants to do is walk in, plop down on the couch, eat his tacos, and listen to Tony babble about things he only partially understands.
He snakes one hand around Natasha’s waist, not willing to spend one more second any farther apart than he has to, but the moment he draws her in, the soft moans she’d been issuing against his lips break off into a cry of pain. He backs away as quickly as his reflexes will allow, because
Fury nods.  “Stark.”
Steve agreed to accompany him to something that wasn’t
“It’s worked just fine for me.”
“Yes.”
“I just got back from active service overseas,” he starts slowly.  “Fury doesn’t think I’m ready for field service, so this assignment was sort of a stopgap to give me something to do.  I really don’t have all that much to go back to.”
“That’s that then,” Tony says with a terse nod of his head.  ‘Come on.”
Tony seems to think otherwise.  “Unless anyone’s recently developed water powers, that’s not going to work.  Other options?”
Theoretically, that confession comes off as gracefully magnanimous and not at all hypocritical.
“Great too!  I still haven’t used most of the features, but I think it will work really well.”
“How was Beijing?” he asks instead.
is what they’ve been missing all along and have subliminally been building to all of this time.  Tony tastes like scotch and someone undercurrent that distinctly
“JARVIS,” he asks again, “could you explain what a gif is, please?  Tony sent me something this afternoon – ” he begins to reach back into his pocket to grab his phone, but JARVIS’ voice stops him.”
Tony mentally calls himself every name in the book and questions his not inconsiderable intelligence.  He’s just resigned himself to spending the next 24 hours with Steve.  Who is Captain America.  But Steve doesn’t know that Tony knows he’s Captain America.  Or know that Tony is Iron Man. Yeeaaaah.
“You wanna move your hand there, Cap?” she asks, but
Steve starts at the name, and his mind immediately flashes back to the first time he held his shield.
until we’re all in position.  We don’t know what we’re dealing with, so it’s best if we approach this thing as a team.”
“I did.”  Might as well as well stick as close to the truth as possible.  “But I figured out pretty quickly that the double life thing just wasn’t going to be an option.  I mean I’ve got an internationally based business to run, not to mention chairing the R&D department of SI New York.  Where on earth would I find the time?”
that sound good but ultimately ring hollow.  In his experience, anything that sounds too good to be true usually is.
I let Agent Rogers down to see you because a) You cannot keep brushing off SHIELD liaisons and b) I’m tired of acting as your go between.  If we need to renegotiate our contracts, then we can contact the legal department and get that under way.  I’d like to avoid that scenario, given your repeated insistence that you don’t like paperwork, and there would be so much paperwork, Tony.
“You tell me.”
“It’s a date.”
A second later, a picture of Tasha — a selfie, as she’s been repeatedly told — pops in.  True to her word, the other woman’s holding a four-leaf clover up to her face while she smiles teasingly at the camera.  Steph allows herself a smile and composes her answer.
He raises an eyebrow at the sheer mass of pizza she slaps on a plate, but she brushes him off. “Relax, Super Stomach. We can always order more.”
Tony thinks back.  “He started showing up at the lab back in February.  I let him in a couple weeks later.”
at it, he still never gets the impression that Steve’s leveraging him for anything.  Despite his huge, star-spangled secret, he’s just a genuinely good person.  Turns out, all that honor and bravery and self-sacrifice rhetoric that his dad spewed at him for years had some basis in fact, although by now he’s pretty sure he can credit that to Steve himself rather than his ultra-patriotic double.
“No,” he answers.
Tony nods.  “Enough.  Are we headed to Chinatown?”
Because according to Tony, that particular alarm was primed to go off only when a situation requiring Iron Man’s intervention arose.  Immediately, Steve had gone into Captain America mode and started scrambling for an excuse to leave, when Tony had solved the problem for him; Iron Man’s pilot needed to suit up, and he wouldn’t enter the lab if anyone else, excluding Tony, was present.  Secretly relieved, he’d immediately assured Tony that of course he understood and all but sprinted out of the lab.
A vision of Natasha lying on her stomach flashes behind his eyes and Steve’s eyes instinctually drops down to where the faint light of the arc reactor shines through the material of her medical gown. “Does it hurt?”
“Convince him to get our Helicarrier construction back on track. You might not be the most tech-savvy person we’ve got, but you have a sincerity that most of our agents...lack. Without Stark’s tech, we can’t effectively do our jobs. Make him see that, and don’t leave until he does.”
“I’m fine. You shouldn’t keep her waiting. You’ve both got an early day tomorrow.” He rushes out of the room before his friend can call him back again, fearful that if called he wouldn’t be able to stay away.
come as a shock.  Right now, though, he’s more concerned with the guy spread out over Stark’s lap.
Despite Tony’s humorous tone, Steve can’t help but feel that the other man’s struck a nerve.  Pretty much everything he’s just said has some grain of truth embedded in it, and therein lies the problem.  He crashed that plane into the Atlantic fully willing to give his life for his country, and he would do it again in a heartbeat, but he’s not quite sure if the country that he died for is the same country he woke up to.  Everyone’s assured him that he’ll adjust, in time, but they’re never able to specify just how much time that adjustment will take.
“If you say so.”
“Of course,” Iron Man affirms and then turns to Steve. “Be back in a minute.”
A string of emojis that she has absolutely no idea of how to interpret follows the explicative.  She can’t really make out the meaning and she has no idea who Katie McGrath is, but the context clues are fairly self-explanatory.  What she doesn’t know is how to respond.
Despite Steve’s insane level of hotness and his own ridiculous level of horniness, he can never quite get over the fact that he’s dating Steve under false pretenses.  As far as Steve knows, he’s dating Tony Stark, sarcastic billionaire and inventor of the most sophisticated piece of armored technology known to mankind.  He didn’t exactly sign up for dating the man inside of that armor
He places his hand on Steve’s lower back and draws them closer together, feeling the muscles in Steve’s back twitch underneath his palm, most likely still tense from Tony’s latest verbal snafu.  He tries to keep his voice light, murmuring softly for Steve to relax and follow his lead.  Applying slight pressure, he guides Steve’s feet backwards and pulls his waist in closer, so that they’re almost cheek to cheek.  The hairs on his cheek vibrate with the near contact.
Clutching the flowers to his chest, Tony steps back into his room.  “I’m not quite ready yet.  Give me ten minutes or so?”
“Yes,” Tony reassures one last time.
He stares straight at the other man as he starts speaking to JARVIS, all the while questioning Steve’s sanity.  “J, just put me through to R&D.  I need to handle this one myself.”
Steve winces as he thinks to the plethora of statues dotting the park.  If memory serves, there’s a statue of the 107th Infantry near the south end of the park.  The soldiers have bayonets.
He walks straight from Iron Man’s bedroom to the gym, and he stays there until his hair and his clothes are soaked, which, given his metabolism, is quite a feat. Working himself to the point of exhaustion takes time and significant effort on his part, but it’s not enough to quiet the persistent voices in his head. His doubts play on a mental loop, carving furrows deeper in his brain with each revolution.
Tony leans over the table and presses a button on the corner of the laptop.  The screen comes to life almost immediately, and a pleasant female voice emanates from the speakers.
The response time is remarkably fast, even for JARVIS, and the results
“Until
The director lifts the eyebrow that rests above his good eye and lets the silence stretch between them.  After a long moment, Bruce steps into the elevator.
“That’s comforting.”
Natasha runs the back of her hand over her dampened forehead and scans the perimeter for more adversaries.  “Now what?”
Yeah…” The voice manages to sound chagrined, even through the suit’s filter. “Tasha and I…We’re both private people.”
Steve is Captain America.
He has just enough time to turn and raise his shield before the bullet makes contact.  The ricochet of the bullet off of the vibranium feels eerily familiar, and he immediately bends his knees into a combat position.  Judging from the strength of the impact, the shooter is relatively close, but not so close that he’s in danger of immediate physical assault.  Risking a brief glance over the edge of the shield, he immediately sees the problem.  Across the water thirty yards away, the Central Park Pilgrim stands with his flintlock raised, the bronze barrel still smoking from a recently fired bullet.
Natasha’s lips quirk up. “So you’re in?”
“Goodnight, Natasha,” he offers.
than their “fake” date.
“That’s how it is.  It makes scheduling a run kind of difficult.”
of machinery.  Tony stop when he’s only a foot or two away.  With the suit on, he easily tops Steve by a couple of inches, and Steve finds himself in the unfamiliar position of having to look up at someone.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“No,” he slows down his movements so he has a legitimate excuse to do something with his hands.  “Do you remember a while back when you teased that there might be something going on between me and Stark?”
A picture of them dancing at the gala makes the society pages the next morning.
,” he answers ruefully.  “Honestly, I have no idea what Fury was thinking, but he promised he’d reconsider putting me back in the field if I got results.  It was worth a shot.”
Tony,
.  Those things are each significant in and of themselves, but you throw them together and they sort of imply something.  Nothing bad, but definitely something.”
From: Stark, Tony
He’s fine, though.  So his runs may be slightly longer than usual, and he may hit the bag a little bit harder than he probably should.  Everything’s fantastic.  It’s not like he’s pining or anything.
Tony laughs at that, both at the un-Pepper-like profanity and at her sudden proclivity toward violence.  “Umm, I’m pretty sure he’s a scientifically enhanced super-soldier.”
Steve, still smiling, responds, “No problem.  I’ll just wait for you in the living room.”
A much easier alternative would be for you to simply work out the whole thing with one of Fury’s reps.  As of yet, I don’t think you’ve answered any of their questions, and Agent Rogers seems very dedicated to reaching a compromise.  Phil speaks very highly of him.  How hard would it be to simply sit down for a meeting and save us both the headache?
“JARVIS, increase power by ten percent.”
He quickly racks his brain for what he’s supposed to do.  It’s supremely ironic that the experiences he’s tried so hard to forget are the ones he’s desperately in need of at the moment.  Trying to remain as objective as possible, he starts speaking in what’s hopefully a comforting tone.  “It’s all right Steve.  You’re safe.  You’re in New York, in Manhattan, in Stark Tower and everything’s safe.”  The soft, soothing voice sounds strange coming out of his mouth, but he keeps going.  “Listen to me, Steve.  Focus on my voice.  Breathe.  Deep breaths, in and out.  Can you do that for me?  Can you breathe with me, Steve?”
Natasha exhales and shakes her head slightly. “The first thing you need to know about Tony Stark is that he’s a genius.”
“Welcome to my world, sweetheart.  Feel free to join in any time.”
his head’s warning him to keep his distance.  For all practical purposes, he’s leaving room for the Holy Spirit That He Doesn’t Believe in Yet Still Manages to Cockblock Him.  It’s unendingly frustrating, and he spends most of his time torn between breaking out in hysterics and searching for a nice, solid brick wall to beat his head against.  It’s been a week since Steve’s little alien-epiphany, and apparently ‘take it slow’ just means doing exactly what they’ve been doing and calling it dating.  Whether that’s a result of Steve’s old-time sensibilities or his waiting for Tony to make the first move, Tony doesn’t know, but it’s slowly driving him insane. For the foreseeable future, he’s got the worst case of red, white, and blue balls known to man, and he’s locked into a constant state of anxiety over the future of his love life.
“Congratulations, Cap,” Clint jokes, “you decapitated a Founding Father.  That’s gotta be, like, a minus fifty in Patriot Points.”
Steve gulps, but he keeps his hand firmly on top of Tony’s, and Tony thinks maybe, just maybe, he stands a chance.  “Tony, I – ”
“Friends?”
“Absolutely. But to be honest,” Steve answers, “I don’t think it’s gonna tear us apart.” The opposite, if anything. “We spend most of our time together anyway.”
to do the job.”
“That guy’s sort of an ass in real life.”
As JARVIS takes his silence for acquiescence and pulls up the movie, he realizes an added benefit of rewatching the film.  For the first time, he’s going to experience this thing in full color.  He’d always felt somewhat disappointed that he hadn’t gotten to see the Merry Men decked out in their trademark green; he’d always just taken Buck’s word for it that the colors were very striking.  Now, though, he gets to absorb everything himself.
“Yeah.”  Steve spreads their order out on the steel table in front of them, ushering three street tacos toward Tony and reserving at least six for himself.  Any other day, he’d expect Tony to snap out some comment about his eating habits.
He’s just about to give himself points for effort and head back up when the doors open and Natasha walks out.
He speaks before he thinks. “Bites?”
“Tony,” Steve corrects, “I really can’t accept all of this.  It’s too much.”
“Oh, but it is.  Ask anyone on the streets of New York, and they’ll tell you.  Stark flirts with cover models and redeems his soul by paying for weaponized flying armor.  Iron Man saved Manhattan.”
He’s doing wall sits now!
Sent: Wednesday, February 08, 10:35 AM
“Are you going to let me talk?”
In lack of a better response, Tony shifts.  “Be that as it may, I don’t exactly have time for a relationship, Steve.  I pretty much live down here, in case you haven’t noticed.”
A vague statement if there ever was one.   She’s mentally composing a reply when a slew of text come in, as if Tasha’s making up for the silence with her typical verbosity.
Sent: Tuesday, February 07, 9:43 AM
Steve can’t suppress a brief eye roll.  “Tony!”
He’s still in a minor state of shock when Thor makes his way over after having reclaimed Mjolnir.
“No,” he responds slowly.  “No, I don’t think I am.”
“Yeah Cap, I know.”
Now that they’re no longer in immediate danger, the awkwardness of the situation hits Steve. He’s standing in the middle of Stark’s lab covered in glass shards and faux plant mulch, all to defend Tony from an experiment that was presumably well in hand.  This was not exactly the scenario he envisioned would break their stalemate.
“Is the suit coming on the honeymoon?”
“What.  Is.  That.”  It’s not so much a statement as three accusatory words.
“Sounds great,” Steve answers.  “Where exactly would you like me to do all this?”
“More like
“Anything for a fellow Avenger,” Tony answers back before turning to his electronics.  Steve still gets the feeling he’s missing something.
“It’s got some sort of electromagnetic force field,” Tony says, his voice somewhat breathless over the earpieces.  “Nothing solid gets through.”
.  Steve did it
“Captain,” JARVIS starts and awkwardly pauses for a moment “forgive her. She didn’t mean for any of this to happen.”
Fighting with Tasha is kind of great.
They spend a few moments in silence before Steve starts talking again.
He glances back at the woman that fate and effort have allowed him to love and thanks the stars that despite the near impossibility of their respective lives, they managed to make this work.
It’s been staring him in the face the entire time. Iron Man’s not here guarding the woman he’s bound to protect. Natasha Stark preferred not to mingle with the team she funded. Iron Man and Natasha had been "together" forever, but Steve’s never suspected his friend of a being in a relationship.
“Can you get me back in to see Stark?”
This idea in mind, he enters the room the secretary has indicated.
“No, just do…whatever.”
“I know that
“It’s supposed to. Rule number two. Keep your story as simple and honest as possible. With time and experience, you might be able to pull off a more elaborate ruse, but without training it’s too easy to let something authentic slip through. It’s much better to tell the truth than get caught in a lie.”
“Can I ask one more thing?”
Steph chalks it up to surprise that she doesn’t move out of the way in time.  Before she has enough composure to do anything, Tasha’s wrapped one armor-clad arm around her waist and pulled her in close.
Her lips curve in several false starts as if she’s battling back a whole range of responses and can’t resolve on a single response and instead have tried to shape all of them at once. Strangely enough, Steve’s seen video coverage that captures a reaction very similar to this one, but on that occasion, Natasha had lit into a reporter who’d spoken disparagingly of Bruce. The fact that that vitriol might be directed at him sends a chill down his spine, which is confirmed when Natasha inhales deeply and starts speaking in a deathly low voice.
Well, JARVIS would know.  He’s the person...guy...thing...entity Tony seems to argue with the most.  Which, come to think of it, probably means he has a fairly accurate insight into Tony’s mindset.
Still, even with Tony gone, the empty lab space is still more personable than his lackluster SHIELD apartment.  Tony’d given him permission to ‘couch surf’ while he was gone, with the strict instructions that he was to mind the bots and water the ficus.  He assumes that he was being facetious about that last part, but he’d seemed genuine about the first.  At least, he’d decided the offer was genuine. For one, the amenities here are much nicer – he’s gotten a bit spoiled by having JARVIS on call and the WIFI speed is fantastic.  More to the point, it’s still the place where he feels the most comfortable.  He’s got sketchpads and books and that weird brand of protein bars that he actually likes all neatly arranged in his own little section of the room.  Even without Tony’s white noise sounding in the background, he’d much rather be somewhere he finds the slightest bit homey.
"Doesn't mean it's not important."
Clint makes brief eye contact with Natasha, and it seems to Steve as if they’re communicating nonverbally.  When he starts speaking again, his voice emerges in a series of nervous, clipped statements.
Steve watches in horror as the screen shifts to grainy cell phone footage. Natasha’s heads up a group of black-suited figures walking down a flight of stairs. Iron Man flanks her right, and she’s talking to someone Steve vaguely recognizes as a senator from Nevada. The gunshots sound soft and tinny on the bad recording, but seconds later Natasha gives a grotesque jerk and staggers backward. From then on, it’s chaos. The camera waivers, the filmer obviously ducking for cover, and Natasha and her entourage fall out of the frame. Steve nearly pounds the television, as if venting his frustration on this screen will somehow chastise the other into focus, but the remaining fifteen seconds of footage only manage to capture a few images in which a streak of red wraps his arms around an unresponsive Natasha and takes them both airborne.
“Right, because that went over so well last time.”
“I’m just surprised, that’s all.”  He can see the wheels in her head turning, when all of the sudden she stops abruptly and looks him in the eye.  “You’re not sleeping with your SHIELD contact to, like, get him on your side or something, are you?”
But Stark…Stark changes things. Natasha Stark isn’t some random fangirl or a grateful New Yorker. She’s their benefactor. She’s the brain and the muscles behind most of their tech. She’s Iron Man’s boss and the woman behind his suit.
He almost doesn’t recognize her at first. The shorts and black hoodie getup she’s wearing is by far the most informal outfit he’s ever seen her wear. Both are smeared with some sort of grease, as are her face and hands, and her hair is pulled up in a lopsided bun that’s falling from its tie. It’s a far cry from the red carpet couture or press conference outfits he usually sees her in, but this suits her just as well. Dressed like this, it’s easier to believe that she’s the mind behind most of the Avengers’ technology rather than just its admittedly charming mouthpiece.
Steve can feel the heat rising in his cheek’s a JARVIS’ barrage of semi-compliments.  It’s...comforting to think that his presence helps Tony in some small way, particularly since so much of his own day-to-day life seems to rely on Tony.
Tony turns, but the movement’s not as quick as Steve’s expecting.
The first time he’d first shut Rogers out of the lab, he didn’t expect the guy to stick around.  His hallway, after all, isn’t the most thrilling place in the world.   But Rogers stayed.  After the first thirty minutes or so he’d relocated to the steps leading up to the elevator, but for the rest of the afternoon and well into the night he’d sat there like the world’s most irritating statue.  More times than he cared to admit, Tony found himself glancing toward the exit to see if the man had vacated his hallway.  He never did.
Steve
“They don’t exist yet.  SHIELD’s functioning perfectly fine without them, and can keep on functioning without them.  I’ve got more important things on my plate right now.”
“Don’t mention it.”  It takes him a moment to remember exactly what he was doing before Steve walked in and started causing problems, but eventually he remembers the Isotope Issue that’s dominated his brain for the past month.  “I really do have to work, but let’s get you set up.”
a viable possibility and
It shows.  Even in the lab’s dim lighting, Steve can see the bags under Tony’s eyes and the way his mouth is a little more drawn than usual.  His blinking more frequently, too, as if it’s a continual flight to keep his eyes open.
There’s not enough time to clear the statue – he’s not that fast without the suit – but if he moves quickly he can probably clear enough of the crash site to avoid impending death.  Maybe.  He’s got like a 50-50 chance.  Best case scenario, he’s non-fatally impaled by a hoof.  Can one be non-fatally impaled?  He really doesn’t want to find out.
“I...I feel exactly the same way.”
“Everything alright? “
“Yes,” Steve replies, still in a good humor.  “I am now appropriately aware of its deficiencies.”
Steve’s eyes travel from Tony’s face back to the belt grinder.  The occasional shower of sparks is fairly indicative of Tony’s state of mind.  “Yes, I can see that.”  He takes one step closer.  “What can I do?”
Tony continues.  “And we’d probably better add some Disney to your repertoire, because at some point someone’s going to hoist a cat into the air while screeching random syllables, and you’re not going to know what’s going on.”
“Tony, it’s eight in the morning,” he responds with a shake of his head.  Someone is clearly not in the right time zone.  His assumption is immediately confirmed when Tony’s eyes shift down and to the right, in what Steve has come to know as his “thinking face.”
He finds himself stymied by a pair of frosted glass doors that his key card doesn’t authorize him to enter, and given that the purpose of this little excursion is to apologize, he doubts his usual shield-in-door method of opening doors would advance his cause. He settles for knocking, hoping that he trips some sort of security alarm that will alert Natasha to his presence. Given the amount of time that’s worked in his disfavor, the universe owes him one.
At least Steve seems to be considering it.  The hurt, puppy dog look he’d sported a moment ago slowly transitions into something a bit less wounded.  “No,” he answers, “I'd love to."
“We’re at the southeast end of the park.  Look for an unmarked black delivery van with tinted windows.  I’ve got the suit and shield.”
So he runs.
something from him.  Despite his supposed role as a ‘liaison’ – and really, they should just drop that title, because Steve’s
He catches Natasha and Clint standing near the promised van with a few other agents he doesn’t recognize.  Drawing the bike to a quick stop, he hops off, jumps into the empty van, and quickly starts changing into the uniform.
“Homeschooled,” he parrots, sticking to the story he and Natasha had agreed on.
As far as anyone knows, he had one brief flight, just enough of an ascent to carry him out of a desert and pass on the armour to a hypothetical someone else worthier of the responsibility.  That noble, imaginary figure fought alongside the Avengers and flew a nuke into space.
Steve rotates a bit to look at him, but Tony can feel the muscles flex up in his arm.  “Natasha” he asks, voice equally calm.  “Yeah, she mentioned something like that.”
Ironically, the very anonymity that once gave him freedom has backfired since he woke up.  Everyone loves the man in the mask. Especially, the Avengers who helped save New York, but no one knows a thing about Steve.  Captain America is allowed to be shell-shocked, but Steve has no visible reason for being completely out of touch with the world around him.
Yeah, the whole platonic-bros-helping-each-other-out thing is going to be harder to pull off than he thought.
His aim is accurate, and the shield proceeds straight toward her, which is why it’s so shocking when the projectile travels straight through the enchantress’ form and onward into the northern reaches of the park.
Sent: Saturday, February 11, 12:15 PM
.  That he initiated
“Yes.”  He’s not sure where Steve is going with this until he steps forward with his hand in front of him, palm curved downward loosely.  When he starts to speak again, his voice is notably gentle.
It’s ironic, really, that his best and brightest creation is the one he’s least allowed to talk about.  Sure, the public knows he created Iron Man, but everyone just operates under the assumption that someone else pilots the suit, a bodyguard who prefers to remain anonymous because it’s the “right thing to do.”  Little do they know that Tony Stark, the man the media just loves to hate, pilots the armor they love so much.
“Go on then,” she urges. “See you in a bit. I’ll be the one in front wearing a familiar little red and gold number.”
“Steve, movies are hallmarks of their time.  Everything that gets produced, even if it’s a period piece, holds certain markers of a culture’s mores and values.  You should be able to learn about modern life from what people choose to put on screen, not to mention gleaning secondhand information about tech.”
“Actually, there was one other thing.”
“Can I help you, Sir?”
They step off the building in sync with one another, dipping for a moment under their combined weight.  And then they soar.
As expected, he makes it to the landing pad first, but this consequently means he has nothing to do but wait and pace. The feeling is intolerable and only serves to rack up his inner tension. If there was a fight he could run to or an assailant he could track down, he would do it in a heartbeat, but in this, he’s essentially useless. It’s not a feeling he particularly enjoys.
Subject: His name is Agent Rogers
”  The tone of his voice doesn’t suggest what those thoughts are, though.
“No buts,” Tony cuts him off.  He tends to do that a lot when things don’t go his way.  “I’ve gotta go babysit the workmen.  Don’t want them goofing off or sticking their nose where it doesn’t belong.  You just set up your time and date preferences and I’ll be back in a little bit.”
“Rogers, I can’t put you in the field.”
“What the hell were you thinking?!”  Steve’s outraged voice follows Tony into the living room.
If she wasn’t floating in midair and staring at an animated sculpture she would have had a hard time pinpointing her as an alien.  With her flowing white dress and loose blonde hair, she looks a bit like the pictures of the “Flower Children” that Tony had shown him.  He just hopes she’s on board with the whole “Peace and Love” message.
In retrospect, his career choice makes a lot of sense.
“Well it was, until you vandalized my front door.”  Surprisingly, Stark’s voice doesn’t sound accusatory.  If anything, Steve would call it amused.
“You just purchased my time at a very steep price.  Now you owe me a date.”
There’s no doubting the woman’s brave.  And smart.  And beautiful.  And that she can simultaneously run a company, maintain her place and the forefront of the technological world, and pilot a mechanized suit of armor.  That still doesn’t excuse the fact that Tasha is just so
His friend’s uncharacteristic silence scares him. Steve takes a step forward, unsure of what he’ll do if his friend remains unresponsive when the suit staggers forward and emits a sound Steve’s never heard before. A slight whirring sound echoes in the room, the suit pulls apart, and, to Steve’s intense shock, Natasha herself steps out of the familiar red and gold armor.
“It’s not like I planned this!” he insists.
“I might be able to help you with that.”
That should probably wait until they get back to the tower though.  If Steve’s current reaction is any indication, this is not a discussion that needs to go down in public.  Not to mention it gives him a bit more time before the death knell.
The downside to his little secret is that their respective double lives have ensured their relationship stays PG, which is not remotely fair.  Because Steve is right
“Always.”
“Look, oh furious one,” Tony butts in, not abashed at all, “in case you didn’t notice, we just got drenched in slime.  Sticky, green, foul smelling alien
“Night, Steve.”
“Is she dead?” Natasha cuts in, eager to hear the most pressing news.
Fortunately, Tony follows with the translation.  “
It only takes him thirty minutes to find Tony.  Granted, he’s not exactly all that hard to find – an upset Tony is pretty much geared to gravitate toward the lab with all possible speed – but it still takes time to make his way home from the benefit and down into the depths of the basement.
“I’m older than you.”  Except the way that he says it makes it sound like a question, and Steve knows that Tony is digging.  Little does the other man know just how wrong he is.
That could work, Steve thinks.  Technically, he’s still holding up his end of the bargain, and there’s a slight chance that he might actually make it through this assignment with some visible result. There’s still a bit more subterfuge than he’d like, but it’s better than going back to SHIELD not being able to close a job.  He turns to Stark.
Steve can see the tenseness in Tony’s shoulders, and he’s slightly taken aback by the harshness in his answer.  “No, I’m not okay.”  Tony doesn’t stop working, but at least he’s talking.  “In case you haven’t noticed, an alien invaded New York today.  Again.  For the second time in a year.  Even better, she apparently did it just because she could.  No rhyme, no reason– just straight up boredom.  How is that alright?!”  Tony’s voice rises as he finishes his sentence, his voice at last reflecting the tension that Steve’s seen in his shoulders all this time.
“Use that super soldier brain of yours to figure it out,” Nat replies with a smirk.  “I’m curious, though.  What exactly did Stark say about not wanting to build the Helicarriers?”
“Yeah, on my bike.”
He should stand up.  He knows that.  This is not what Steve would have wanted, and it’s certainly not going to do any favors for his mental health in the long run.  He doesn’t care.  All he knows at that the minute he stands up, this is all over.  It’s as good as admitting that Steve’s dead, and he doesn’t know if he’s ready to face that yet.
“I…” he starts, then forces himself to meet Natasha’s eyes. “I just want my best friend to be happy.”
team, but Thor’s been a no show since he took his brother back to Asgard, Bruce is off in parts unknown, and Iron Man...he honestly has no idea how to get in touch with whoever wears the Iron Man suit.  He assumes they’re somewhere in New York – they’d have to be to respond promptly when Tony’s in need of assistance – but there’s absolutely no way of finding out their identity without going through Tony, and that would just seem like a breach of trust.  Plus, there’s not really a good reason why Steve Rogers, Agent of Shield, would be concerning himself with the Avengers’ tactical maneuvers.  It raises questions, and Tony’s smart enough to connect the dots if Steve gives him the material to work with.
“At least,” Natasha answers back.
“What was what?”
A couple of months ago she wouldn’t have had any idea how to interpret the range of emotions that pass over Tasha’s face.  She’s still not quite sure — it’s probably never going to be possible to understand Tasha completely — but she thinks she can make out shock, confusion, anger, fear, and maybe, just maybe, hope.  With any luck, the jumble of reactions will work out in her favor or at least not completely against her.
“It’s a flip phone!  I understand budget cuts, but this is unacceptable!”
"  Fury retaliates.
He slides a bit closer to Tony on the couch and slowly brings his hand up to the side of his neck.  When Tony doesn’t flinch away, he moves up the second until both palms are resting against the edges of Tony’s face. His hands are broad enough that he can run his thumbs along Tony’s cheekbones while the center of his palms cradle the sides of his head.  He’s been wanting to do this for
“And how exactly am I supposed to do that?”
“I have indeed drawn my own conclusions based on your interactions with Sir.  I’m just perplexed as to why would want to hear it.”
Iron Man drops low so that he’s hovering only a foot or so above the ground, but he doesn’t move or speak again.  Slightly concerned, Steve taps his earpiece.
Steve takes another bite of pizza and contemplates the recent deluge of information.  “Okaaay,” he says slowly.  “But where do you find these things?”
dysfunctional bot.  It seemed unfair to tear him to pieces just because he had a few personality flaws.  Whatever.  He’s allowed to be sentimental every once in awhile, even if it occasionally results in him chugging motor oil smoothies.
Three little dots have never been so damning.
“I’m also,” Iron Man stresses, “not bald. “Underneath all of this is some quality follicular excellence.”
Shellhead’s digitized laughter crystalizes to his extreme mortification. “Or what, Steve?” he chokes out through gasps for far longer than Steve thinks is actually funny. The noises from the suit sound as if the man inside is hyperventilating, and Iron Man even swipes at his faceplate as if he’s wiping away tears. Habit probably.
“They don’t like electricity, either,” says Natasha.  “It makes them seize up for a couple of seconds.”
“She had
Tasha giggles, which is…adorable.  Not that she’d dare say that out loud.  “Of course you are.  How could you resist?  I am known to be devilishly charming, after all, and it’s not as if —”
levels of unnatural here Steve.  Seriously, how are you even a functioning adult?”
He follows Tony past the doorman, through the expanse of the lobby, and over to the familiar bay of elevators that he’s ridden a hundred times before.  It’s difficult to think that this may be the last time he’s ever welcomed into Tony’s domain.  He fully expects the elevator to glide downward, ready for that awkward jolt in his stomach and the momentary sensation of weightlessness, but, much to his surprise, Tony starts speaking.
So despite all of the reasons that he definitely should not be falling for Steve Rogers, Agent of Shield, his brain seems to have completely missed the memo.  Because he has.  Fallen for Steve.  And maybe, just maybe, Steve feels something too.
“I haven’t known her that long, actually.  But she’s been really helpful helping me adjust to things since I got back stateside.”
“It’s almost midnight,” Steve insists, but he remains motionless for another thirty seconds. Then he tries again. “Sweetheart, I really have to go,” he insists.
Steve can personally assure him that
“We’re Avengers.  Our entire job description involves us putting ourselves in danger.  That’s what we do.”
“Really.” Tony answers.  “We’re friends, right?  You can trust me.”
That in mind, it’s both ironic and immeasurably unfair that he’s woken up seventy years in the future, but he still can’t ask Tony out on a date.  Society’s finally gotten to the point where he could step out with a fella if he wanted to, but it just doesn’t feel right to try to get close to someone when he’s got this huge secret hanging over his head.  Well,
“This is your tablet,” Tony continues, picking up the medium rectangle.  “There’s not as many visible updates on this model, but we’ve made it faster, slimmer, and given it more processing power.  This one also comes with a stylus, so you can draw on the screen if you need to.  And
“Doesn’t faze him.  If anything, he
Tony automatically starts to retreat.  "If it bothers you--"
Well, that sort of throws a wrench in his ability to play along.  He can appreciate humor as well as the next person, but it’s sort of impossible to strike back when he’s not working with the same level of experience.  It’s not like he has Tony’s near encyclopedic knowledge of B-rated movies, or JARVIS’s omnipotent…
“Umm, I think it’s something from a children’s movie.  Clint?”
“Tony?”
They stumble into an odd equilibrium once Tasha gets back.  Steph never brings up their text conversation and Tasha doesn’t either, but it’s nestled between them all the same, the shared confidence fostering an intimacy.  It’s not perfect, and they still gripe at each other on occasion, but it’s something.
now, in a way that they didn’t use to be, which is the absolute last thing he wanted to happen.
Your incredibly inconvenienced boss,
When her voice finally comes through a few seconds later, it’s carefully measured and lacking in inflection.  “There were concerns that exposing you to the new world too quickly would be too much to handle.  People didn’t want this century to overwhelm you.”
She blinks.  “Say that again without all of the conditionals.”
“So, listen, I was wondering if you could help me with something.”
“That seems very clinical.”
He doesn’t have to live with it right away though.
“So, what exactly am I supposed to do?”
Steve thinks for a moment, and much to his surprise he’s able to come up with an answer. “I got to meet Greer Garson during her victory bonds tour back in the 40s. That was a thrill.”
Natasha does not seem impressed. “I’m sure. Well, Steve and I have had a great time without you, and it’s getting late so I’m going to turn in. Why don’t you walk me to the elevator?” It's not a suggestion.
Steve wedges the small device into his ear and begins speaking, hoping that someone on the other end of the line will have more answers.  “Status?”
As the lab doors slide open, he sees Dum-E slowly make his way toward the front section of the lab.
few people that thinks so.”
on aliens.”  He starts walking back toward the elevator.  “Come on, I’ll show you your floor.”
“What?!”  Tasha answers, equally loud and not at all calmed down.
Natasha makes a soft noise of affirmation. “Sounds great,” she says weakly, but she doesn’t move, leaving Steve to keep her upright. Not willing to waste any more time, he wraps one arm underneath her legs and lifts, moving towards the elevator bay as fast as his speed will let him, hoping for both their sakes that he’s fast enough.
It seems that way, at least at first.  Natasha releases the video feed from her HUD and walks every late night talk show host through the attack, moment-by-moment.  She makes a million different pop cultural references that Steph can’t grasp fully but assumes are irreverent nonetheless.  She flirts and with the same breath turns around and explains how luck the city was to have Dr. Banner, since even she wasn’t capable of truly understanding the Tesseract’s gamma signature (which Steph
One side of Tony’s mouth quirks up, and he responds in a sly tone.  “I know.  That’s what makes me so nice.”  The inventor looks at him as if he’s supposed to know what that means, but Steve can’t fathom what exactly Tony wants from him.  After a moment, Tony’s expectant eyes crinkle.
Tony thinks nothing of walking through the digital projection that’s just shot down from the ceiling, but it stops Steve short.  “Don’t worry,” he assures the wide-eyed agent, “you can’t hurt it.”  He can see the other man bracing himself, but Steve eventually carries on through the projection without stepping around the images.
Not to mention the fact that the whole double, double identity thing (and isn’t that just
“That’s good then,” he assures. "That the two of you have so much in common.”
“What? No! Natasha, I’m not disappointed.”
'Thing is, we don't need to actually communicate with them,' Valkyrie stated, taking her radio back. She smiled at all of them.
He ignored the voice in his head and focused on the task at hand.
'Haven't I seen you before?' he asked, undeterred by her utter dismissal of him. He wisely remained a good distance away, though. She still didn't give him a reply, but she paid a bit more attention to him now. While outwardly she looked like she was continuing her work, she was subtly glancing at him.
'Thanks a lot, Thor, I thought we would all die from an overdose of testosterone,' somebody else said, and Tony Stark slipped from the crowd, adjusting a pair of sunglasses he'd picked up from goodness knows where. He patted Thor's bicep, unable to reach his shoulder, and grinned at Rogers.
'Motherfucker.' Wanda was already marching across the camp, her fists clenched, fire burning in her eyes.
'You know, I think I really
Tony looked up from his work in the direction of whatever he'd heard. Bruce heard it too - yelling. Lots and lots of yelling. Then there was a thud, and someone screamed. 'What the hell is going on out there?' Betty demanded, and he shrugged. 'Wanna find out?' Tony asked her, already halfway down the ladder.
'Brock Rumlow,' whispered Steve.
'Done!' he said triumphantly, just as the first Grounders emerged from the trees on the opposite bank of the river.
Clint took the gun, a slow smile spreading across his face. He chugged the water and threw the cup to Wade, who caught it effortlessly and gave Clint the bird, which he promptly returned.
He made it around halfway until the sickness came right back.
'Tony's right,' he told her seriously.
Clint rolled his eyes. 'Shut up, Barnes. As if you do anything useful. I think I might make a recurve bow later on, if I get time. Anyways, move your asses, we're going back out there because clearly us going out there once wasn't enough for the rest of those cowardly dickwads. They want us to see if we can make the journey through the jungle or whatever.'
'Yeah, sometimes people suck. Can you imagine being that selfish?' She shook her head, her eyes troubled. 'I hope they found something in that bunker, or we'll have to figure out a way to go to Mount Weather without dying in that jungle.'
'We aren't, and in no way do we advocate replacing objects used for playing sports with humans, thank you very much,' Steve told him as Bucky straightened up, and Tony smirked. 'Hey, there's Tasha. I forgot to tell her we're going out again. Be right back!' Clint shouted at them over his shoulder, shoving Tony off him and jogging towards the redhead.
he repeated, testing the name on his tongue. 'How is that spelled again?'
The final round of flares from the six launchers they'd assembled took the place of the first ones, that had already sputtered out.
'Haha. If we're done insulting my fashion choice, I would like to say that yeah, I like him, but I'm not ready for a relationship.' He sighed. 'I'm scared, Buck. What if he got tired of me and broke it off? I don't know how I'll deal with that.'
'And yet somehow we still mess it up,' Steve said bitterly, thinking of Rumlow.
'We reached?' he asked, ignoring Tony's snickering and Natasha's amused gaze. Steve nodded and Clint turned to look at the view.
'Wait, why? What do they get by lying?' Steve asked, confused.
So. Natasha
Clint hated being stabbed.
'Misericorde. It's called a misericorde. In English, that translates to mercy-killer.'
He blinked and shook his head, and then Bruce was back to his normal self. He adjusted his glasses self-consciously when he saw Clint looking at him and Clint turned away, instead choosing to focus on Natasha, who was right beside him. 'If the squirrel was... you know, like that... because of the nuclear radiation, then - then what's going to happen to us?' he whispered to her.
It turned out he was right in telling them to get away, but he wasn't fast enough.
Thor didn't care much for that. He was worried about the people, sure, but he knew the Helicarrier's Exodus ship wouldn't come down in time. HYDRA would attack them far before reinforcements arrived, and they needed to be prepared. It steeled his resolve. He was afraid, but he also knew that fear cut deeper than any weapon, and he needed to keep his wits about him or else he would end up like the fifteen delinquents in the makeshift graveyard.
Thor heard the girl sobbing from the other side of the camp.
'What? I - I can't do that -'
Fuck.
James came to stand by Natasha. She was hyper-aware of him. The gun on his hip, his soft brown hair, his relaxed stance - and his eyes. His light blue gaze was on her, watching her movements - she could sense it, and she was more affected by it than she'd like to admit. She turned away a bit so he wouldn't see the light color on her cheeks.
It stung.
'Yeah, well, I don't - fuck!'
Which was why he'd ended up in jail.
Tony spat out the gag. Whoever put it in had done a terrible job. He was about to try and get rid of his bonds as well when the door opened and someone walked in.
Thor hefted the spear he'd been given. He wasn't sure why they decided a spear was best for him. He was quite skilled at using a war-hammer. Sadly, none of the inhabitants of the bunker had a war-hammer, much to his disappointment. He never understood people who kept guns but didn't keep war-hammers lying around.
'Small wonder. They live on
Betty exhaled sharply. 'I think Stark got it right. We're definitely going to live like legends.'
He got a job as a children's entertainer and juggled balls and did stunts at birthdays or made cute balloons to sell at celebrations until he was fourteen, when his skill at an archery range on Unity Day - the day the twelve space stations joined together and formed an alliance, which clearly didn't work out well - attracted Fury's attention and he offered Clint a spot on guard duty.
'Shut up. It's Loki.'
Bruce had been dozing off, in a prolonged state of exhaustion due to his constant care for Clint, when Thor and Jane came running into the camp, shouting to wake everyone up.
She nodded. 'They're going to kill three hundred people. Tomorrow. They're running out of oxygen. Even if they kill those three hundred people they will have only a year or so of oxygen left. I wasn't authorized to come down here. My girlfriend caused a distraction and I left in the drop ship so I could see for myself if you were dead or not.'
Wade wheezed and doubled over, coughing. He saw splatters of blood on the ground. Bucky was leaning against the drop ship wall, clearly trying his best to hold in a cough of his own.
The kid at the front - his name was Wade, Bruce remembered - kicked Rumlow in the ass and everyone else copied him, kicking and punching every bit of Rumlow they could reach. Wanda was standing aside, her hands covering her mouth in horror, and Steve and Bucky were trying to pull the crowd away but to no avail.
'Ugh,' he mumbled, under his breath, trying to avoid the puddles.
'You're an idiot,' she said conversationally.
'They forgot to lock my cage. I got out. It was easy,' Rumlow spat back, using his already stained shirt to wipe away some of the filth on his face.
'I do get it. It's okay, I understand. If you want to talk about it...' he trailed off hopefully, but she shook her head and watched the last light in his eyes go out.
The two of them moved further into the darkness, which was exactly how you died in every single movie he'd ever watched, and the light of the match disappeared from his view. 'I'm beginning to think Barton may be right. If you die, scream, will you? It'll be real helpful for us, we won't have to come down there and check on you,' he told them.
I am single-handedly designing technology that will revolutionize the world as we know it.  Agent Muscles is currently making his way through the world’s driest reading list.
If Tony Stark thinks he’s going to crack, he’s got another thing coming.
“Pretty much the same as it always is.  No aliens or demonic robots, though.”
Surprisingly, it’s Iron Man who answers.  “Thor,” he says, with a nod of his helmeted head.  “Nice of you to show up.”
“Are you sure?  You seem a bit...off.”  Steve tries to keep his voice nonjudgmental, afraid that he’s overstepped his bounds.
Steve’s question jerks him out of his reverie and forces him to think back to their first meeting.
Steve raises his shield.  If lighting won’t harm the thing, let’s see how well it functions without its head.  He releases the straps and rotates the shield sideways, prepping himself for a throw that’s as natural to him as breathing.  He rears back his arm, flips his wrist, and lets the projectile fly, just as Tony’s sharp
To be fair, it was never supposed to be a permanent thing.  SHIELD headquarters had been pretty banged up after the Chitauri, but the Stark Mansion had escaped miraculously unscathed.  It just made sense for the Avengers to bunk up with Natasha, considering the lack of available accommodations throughout the city.  The hotels were packed with people whose homes had been destroyed, and it wouldn’t be fair for them to take up space that could go to another person.  Besides, as Tasha repeatedly assured everyone, she has the room.
“Fix it?”
Fortunately, Steve doesn’t catch his little Freudian slip. "I don't mind," he insists. "I like it."
?” Steve asks, his voice skyrocketing in shock.
Steve grins.  It’s a credit to both Natasha and Clint’s skills that they managed to pull off that move so quickly.  Together, they’re the perfect combination of speed and accuracy that’s going to make them deadly to any enemy they come up against.  More to the point, this maneuver is something that could potentially be used to target hostiles from a distance.  Natasha’s got a range of about 30 meters on a good day, and he can easily pass the 100 meter mark; given Clint’s pinpoint aim, it’s possible that they can use this combo to ignite flash grenades or something similar in the future.  Not that they’ve needed the gesture recently, but it never hurts to be prepared.
“Steve – ”
“Not now!  Thor, do you copy?”  Steve presses his hand to his earpiece, naively hoping that Thor’s com link is still working despite the wealth of electricity it must have been exposed to.  The Asgardian shows no sign of acknowledgment, and Steve’s afraid that he’s going to have to physically intercede, when all of the sudden Thor shoves the creature hard in the chest.  The figure stumbles back two, three steps, and Steve’s here’s the familiar crack of gunshots coming from behind him.  A slight whistle is the only indication of Clint’s incoming arrow, but Steve has no doubt if it’s accuracy.  He turns his eyes toward the creature, hoping that at least one of the projectiles will inflict some damage.
changed, at least on his end. For better or worse, he’s realized a few things about himself, and there’s no putting the smoke back in the box now. He has no idea how to explain any of this.
“Hawkeye, what’s your status?”  He waits desperately for the reply but remains focused on the alien enchantress and the pilgrim.
“I am an artificial intelligence.  Venting is unnecessary.”
“They’re not you!”  His voice rings out across the empty rooms and the echoes reverberate off the walls.  The two men stand in the silence for a moment until Steve steps forward.  His hands uncross from over his chest and move upward to cradle Tony’s face.  When he starts speaking again, this time his voice is much softer.  “They’re not you.”
“I don’t think so.”  Natasha pauses and looks him straight in the face with an unnerving intensity.  “How’d your meeting with Stark go?”
“No.”
“Tony, what did you do?”
“You have an odd definition of fun,” she answers back, wiping at a drop of sweat inching its way down her forehead under the cowl.
“It seemed important to you. Besides, Tasha doesn’t do anything she doesn’t want to. She probably needed to destress,” he assures. “So how’d it go?”
Natasha stands up straighter at that. “What? JARVIS, that doesn’t make sense.”
Despite the darkness, he can see Clint’s eyes bulge wide.  “Tony?  You’re…you’re
Tasha turns.  “Well, practice makes perfect.”
Steve remains calm.  “I’m aware.  For all practical purposes, I pretty much live down here with you.  You know, in case you haven’t noticed.”  Judging from Tony’s nearly inarticulate squawk, he thinks that’s point two in his favor.
“Please tell me nobody kissed me.”
“Being smart isn’t the same thing as being right,” he answers, frowning. He’s known plenty of people throughout the years with plenty of formal knowledge but not a lick of common sense.
Stark does nothing.
Yes, it helps, but it doesn’t exactly solve the central issue of SHIELD treating him like a grenade primed for explosion.  If anything, their coddling makes things worse.  Nat’s right, though; there’s nothing they can do about it anymore.  Still somewhat disgruntled, he turns his attention back to the conversation.
“If we’re going to see each other willingly on a regular basis, you should probably call me Tony.”
“Aren’t we?”
“Steve —“
“Noooooo,” Tasha croons Her voice is sleep-heavy as her arms reach towards him. “Warmth.”
“Oh.”  To be honest, the justification didn’t sound very good to begin with anyway.
“How is that an unfair question?” he shoots back.
“Look, haven’t they told you how this thing goes down?  You had your shot, so now it’s time for the next generic man in black to show up and try to bring me over.  Unless Fury’s run out of minions?”  Stark’s hands gesture wildly as he speaks, and his voice drips with sarcasm.
“Fury’s got plenty of equipment to work with.”
He’s still running over the implications of his epiphany when his phone vibrates.  To his infinite surprise, his lock screen reads
“No, he generally just scoots around and knocks things over.  Occasionally he decides to drill holes in things.”
"I'm sorry too.”  Sorry that he’s waited so long for this.  Fuck it all; he’s done waiting.
“Indeed.  Might I suggest a hairstyle query next?”
Like all good things, the night eventually comes to an end.  The clock’s long since struck midnight, and it’s time for him to turn back into a pumpkin.
“Please pardon my absence,” Thor intones.  “The energy to transverse between the realms is not inconsequential, and it took time to summon the requisite energy.”
adorable.  Try as he might to stay frustrated at Steve, his irritation at Steve’s inability to show on time was slowly giving way to amusement at the other man’s bumbling.  “I suppose there’s no actual reason for you to be here first thing in the morning.  The hallway just seemed so empty without you in it.  Come on in.”
Of course, he resolved himself a long time ago to a somewhat solitary existence.  That was the deal, after all, when he agreed to Operation Rebirth. Captain America was always meant to be a symbol more than an actual human being, so Steve Rogers needed to disappear for the legend to live on.  A few people knew the man under the mask, of course – Bucky, the commandos, Peggy, Howard, his superior officers.  But aside from those select few, very few people made the connection between scrawny, sickly little Steve Rogers and Captain America, super soldier.
“Believe me,” Steve says wryly, “I’m familiar with the concept.”
“Great.” He tries to mean it.
“Oh, you sunnuva bitch!”
A well-placed shield blow shatters the exterior window.  She steps back, takes a running start, and she’s airborne, breathing in the fresh air like the ambrosia it is.  The wind feels blissfully cool against her face, but she doesn’t allow herself to luxuriate in the feeling.  The ground is rising toward her all-too-quickly, and she needs to position her body to best absorb the impact.  If she can draw her shield arm in, the vibranium should take most of the impact, which should happen in five…four…three…
“Huh.”
“There are ways to declassify things, though.  I mean, it’s not easy, but if it gets to the point, you could tell Stark if he signs an NDA.  Hell, he’s probably already got one on file, what with inventing Iron Man and all.”  Clint’s eyes grow big and his shoulders jump.  “Can I be there when you tell Fury?  Oh, please let me be in the room.  Or at least in the vents.  This is something that must be
Thor passes it over with a slight admonishment.  “You would do well to keep your weapon with you at all times.  You never know when it might be of use.”
This leads him to his second revelation: Iron Man and Stark are apparently…together. What degree of “together” he can’t exactly say, but it’s definitely the kind of “together” that ends up with one partner sleeping alone and naked in the other’s bed while the other is out of town. Are they dating? Long term partners? Friends with benefits? Who knows? Steve doesn’t, Steve
“Shameless hussy.”
“Is it?”  Her answering silence speaks volumes.  “Nat, is there some reason why SHIELD didn’t want me using the internet?  It’s cleared up a lot of my questions so far, and I’m a bit surprised they didn’t give me access straight away.”
“What?  No!”  That just sounds wrong.  Although it is Steve, so...nope, still wrong.  “We haven’t even…”  Oh, crap, he did not mean to say that out loud.
It’s clear they’re in the right when the red and blue lights of police vehicles cut the blackness.  Tony sets them down quickly, just in front of the police barricade, and Steve immediately starts looking for the rest of the team.
Seventy years later, and he’s still got the same problem.  As much he craves intimacy, he’s still got a giant red, white, and blue secret hovering over every aspect of his private life, not to mention the fact that he’s technically a ninety year old man encased inside a twenty-something body.  Most people his own age are either dead or in nursing homes, a thought which always lingers at the back of his consciousness, and the people he meets who are in their twenties just seem so damn young, drunk on life in a way that’s no longer possible for him.  Small wonder he finds it hard to connect.
“Don’t give Iron Man too hard of a time. I’m sure it’s something important.”
Of course, there was no way they were going to be allowed to rest for more than a minute.  Just as Steve begins to get his breathing under control, he catches sight of the enchantress at the top of the terrace stairs.  Her eyes scan the plaza, lingering over the piles of rubble before turning with fury to the Avengers.
To: Potts, Pepper
So now. They’re going to do this now.
“I want you to...encourage him.” Fury pauses and raises an eyebrow. “Unless you’d rather go back to destroying punching bags?”
“I know that,” Nat snaps back.  “Even Stark knows that, deep down.  What you have to do is convince him that he
After a few moments of a blank screen, Steve determines that their conversation is over for now.  He moves to close the app, when a pop-up catches his eye:  “Would you like to save this contact?”
And just like that, he believes her.  Despite the fact that Steve has perfect muscles and some legitimate alien smashing abilities, if it came down to it, he’d probably place his money on Pepper.  The woman is brutal when it comes to defending things she cares about, and Tony counts himself fortunate enough to be considered one of those things.
Steve really wishes he’d explained the
Steve mentally adds the word
“So, what’s the problem?”
“I was pretty much raised by my grandmother.  She...really wasn't a fan of technology.”  Gosh, he's horrible at this!  “When I was a kid, she tried to keep things as simple as possible, so we didn't have a phone or television or anything.”  Tony’s looking at him with a combination of horror and confusion, as if the words coming out of Steve’s mouth just don’t register in his brain.  For a man as brilliant as Stark, the idea of living without the latest and greatest inventions must seem bizarre.  He’d probably be horrified to learn that Steve had lived in a building without electricity until he was six years old.  That detail would probably give away the game, though.
The message flashes across his screen, and he can’t help but wonder who is messaging him and requesting food.  Is this one of those wrong number things?  He’s just about to type in a reply, when a second message pops up.
“Would that be the A-16 or the A-17, Sir?”
"Sorry again," Tony says after a few bars of silence. "I have this awful habit of oversharing on dates."
“You owe me a date, Tony.”
“What’s it about?”
Yeah, that’s not going to fly.
After all, there’s something comforting about not being the strangest person in the room.  If he’s going to be weird, he might as well do it among friends.
Or maybe not.  Because Steve is slotting his fingers into the spaces between Tony’s, and his palm squeezes tightly against the back of Tony’s hand as if it was made to lie there.  There’s something so solid about the way Steve’s hand feels on top of his, the way it rests without overweighing and shelters without constricting, and Tony’s mind immediately begins conjuring all of the things it’s worked so hard to repress over the past few months.
Of course, that doesn’t stop him from feeling restless every once in awhile.  He tries to keep active by doing some of the calisthenics routines that Nat had shown him, but he honestly needs more to really push his muscles.  Sighing, he pulls himself out of a plank and turns back to his book.  He can only put off reading about Vietnam for so long.
That’s why he’s so excited that Fury’s asked for a meeting. After nearly two months of waiting, maybe the director has finally decided how to add him to the SHIELD duty roster. Honestly, he’ll do anything at this point. He doesn’t care if he spends most of his life bouncing back and forth between two identities.  So long as he has a purpose again, it’s a sacrifice he’s willing to make.
“That’s great,” Nat answers after a moment, but her brief hesitation prompts Steve to think a bit deeper about her response.  Or rather, her lack of response.
“You and me.  I know what we are now – I mean, the watch bomb in my pocket made that ridiculously clear.  But in the beginning…was it ever real?”
, Pierce?'
'Does that answer your question?' he asked, raising an eyebrow. 'I don't think we were a one-time thing.'
mission.
His only hope was that Bucky understood why he was doing this, why he'd given up everything for a boy who he had known for just over two weeks. Bucky surely wouldn't understand. He never understood half the things Steve did, but he went along with Steve anyway, defending him to the very last, and that was why Steve loved him so.
Now he was tailing Tony, along with Steve, Bucky, Natasha and Thor.
It already made her vulnerable and she hadn't even been on Earth for two weeks. She tried not to show it but she knew she was screwed. She loved Clint, with his brotherly teasing and his tendency to be a dumbass and his lame jokes. She loved her little group of friends - Steve, Tony, Thor and Bruce. She was opening up to Wanda, and to Sam and to Peter.
and bruce! oh my god, sweet soft bruce. SO MUCH WHOLESOMENESS TO WRITE IT'S SO PURE \(◕ᴗ◕)/
Fury was explaining the use for the bracelets. 'They monitor your heart rate, your blood pressure, toxin levels and give us information on how you're faring on Earth. In case you're in serious trouble we will be able to send help to you. And if you're perfectly fine, we will be able to come down and start living on Earth again.'
She paused, a far-off look on her face, and then continued, 'They volunteered. Around five hundred people volunteered to take part in the Culling. Your friend's mother was one of them, Rogers. They had to decline two hundred people's offers, so she didn't get floated, don't worry. Then the chosen three hundred were thrown out of the Helicarrier. They called it the Culling.'
She turned and began sprinting to catch up with her two companions.
She pocketed the flashlight and went into the bedroom, confused. 'What did you find?'
'I don't know, probably because you're gorgeous. And adorable. Just saying.'
'Yeah. Yeah, I will. Thanks, guys.' She turned and walked away from them, her hand drifting unconsciously to the gun holster at her hip.
Natasha was so tired.
'Do you really want to know what I think?' James asked coldly, his right hand holding a knife, his metal hand clenched into a fist.
At least there was a constant stream of visitors. Bucky was there almost all the time, hanging out with Steve, and he didn't mind sitting in the bunker because Natasha was there almost all the time too, chilling out with Clint. Thor came to visit Valkyrie every now and then, and so did Jane, once she understood that Valkyrie was a proud lesbian and didn't want to steal Thor from her.
They nodded to the guard at the gate - Drax - and set off in the direction of where the drop ship had landed. The forest was eerily quiet. They were all holding their guns in defensive poses, aware of the threat that lurked above their heads at every moment.
'I bet you stayed awake all night because you were scared about me.'
Tony took a deep breath. 'When I was younger, my family was targeted. By terrorists, an insane serial killer, a jealous competitor - I have no idea, but I was injured. They had to find a power source to help me survive. They did, and it's called the arc reactor.'
Thor's younger brother was standing there, his shoulder-length black hair swept back, his sharp cheekbones protruding even more than when Tony had seen him last - but he was unscathed. He was unscathed and he was wearing a black suit with the red skull and tentacles symbol described by Barnes and Romanoff.
'I really, really like you, Steve,' Tony told him sincerely, and he actually meant it, for once in his life.
'Then stop putting yourself in harm's way unnecessarily.'
'We'd better get started on those walls. Tomorrow I'll go and check out the emergency aid depot.'
Loki must have sensed her cool, unbothered demeanor, because he looked rather uncertain.
She paused, chewing slowly. 'Um... I don't know. I, uh - I guess I'm in shock?'
'They did it, they really did,' Steve whispered, and he nodded. 'Never doubted them,' he said bitterly, and Steve was shocked by the acid in his best friend's voice.
Rumlow finally looked up, his eyes dead and void of any emotion. 'Everything.'
The crowd started cheering.
he asked incredulously, and Tony looked where he was pointing. A boy with pale blond hair and glasses, an exact replica of Jarvis, Tony's old butler and the only true parent figure in his life, was standing at the back of the crowd.
Bruce and Betty were exactly where Natasha had last seen them, but they had the demolished poultice beside them. She could make out a red plant and a green gloopy mess, but not much else. Darcy was still in Natasha's old spot, holding one of Clint's hands.
But what he saw that day definitely took the cake.
They waited for around fifteen minutes. Clint was beginning to worry that the whole thing was a practical joke when he heard the sound of horse hooves.
'Stark, I told you to
'What did you tell them?' Bucky snarled.
'Hey,' he said finally, quietly so that Bucky and Natasha wouldn't hear.
He shook his head.
'Tony, they're almost at the bridge!' Rhodey shouted frantically.
Several kids were arguing beside it. Two boys, one blond and the other dark-haired, were snarling at a group of three others, headed by a boy with a square jaw and a brutal-looking face. Natasha slid off her perch, tucking the knife into its sheath at her waistband, and headed towards the craft, closely followed by Clint.
'We didn't start the war,' Steve butted in angrily, and Clint could
The four of them set about to looking for the device, carefully avoiding the puddles of hydrazine. The black box was easy enough to locate. Tony carefully stowed it away in his backpack, deciding to check it when they were in camp, and the four of them turned their backs on the desolate scene and trudged back home.
warning: description of death by hanging. if you cannot handle it or if it affects you in any way then please skip this chapter.
'Well, I can't have a date in the middle of nowhere. And I'm not going to have sex and I don't think either of us are ready for an 'I love you', so...' he trailed off, shrugging to emphasize his point.
Tony groaned and collapsed on one of the couches.
'I don't care.'
'Pietro. I didn't kill him, I swear, I'm not a murderer!'
Thor walked over to her to get a closer look, as did everyone else. 'Look at the hilt,' she told them, and they did.
Steve stared at the empty shelves, the toppled-over boxes and the barrels all around the room.
'I'm fine!' he yelled back to his friends.
He could keep his sunglasses.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'Is anyone in this room going to bat an eyelash if I tell them you walked naked into that storm outside waving a torch and singing Adele?'
He turned around and saw Betty. 'Oh, hey! I'm Tony Stark, by the way. You are?' 'Betty Ross, and I already know you,' she said, accepting his handshake. He grinned, gave her double finger-guns and went back to fiddling with the dashboard. 'I've found a radio, but it's fried. Not salvageable
know what he was doing.
‘No,’ Rumlow told him, still smiling, ‘you come in first and I let him go.’
Valkyrie had told them that the radio would take at least two days to fix, minimum, with Tony helping her. She said that instead of using a radio, they would make rocket flares, which the Helicarrier could see from space. They'd completely stripped down her pod to get materials for the launchers.
annoying blush.
Steve slowly stopped twitching and shaking. His gasping became normal breathing and his eyes fluttered close.
'Yeah. Part of our guard training, but we used shock batons most of the time.'
‘Steve –’ Bucky began warningly, but Steve was already squeezing through the drop ship door.
'How do you know about me and Darcy?'
Tony was nowhere to be seen.
She sighed. 'Steve, really?'
Loki was back in HYDRA's base. They staged it to look like he escaped and even paraded around pretending to look for him to convince any HYDRA spies watching that Loki really had gotten out all by himself. They had a rendezvous point and Natasha and Thor were supposed to meet him the next day.
The spacecraft shuddered as it hit the ground with a loud noise and everyone screamed. Even though Tony was holding as tight as he could onto the armrest, his head knocked into the side of his seat and he groaned.
Then was Thor Odinson, who Clint found himself warming up to, with his cheerful demeanor and old-fashioned way of speaking. Strangely, Stark decided to tag along as well. A quiet boy with glasses who'd introduced himself as Bruce Banner wanted to come as well, saying that he just needed to get away from everyone at camp, which Clint could understand.
'How d'you know so much? I was on the guard and even I couldn't immediately say what kind of magazine that was,' he asked her, eyes narrowing. She shrugged. 'Don't ask questions for answers you're not going to get,' she told him, hoping to be vague enough that he would lay off the interrogation.
He turned to look at the destruction, his ears ringing. The bridge was demolished, almost fully obliterated. There were bodies in the water and the river was streaked with red. The rest of the Grounders were poised on their side of the bank, watching their comrades get swept by the merciless current.
Tony scrambled back down the ladder as Steve pulled the hatch on and closed it tightly, sweating, his eyes panicked.
'It's gone!' Valkyrie exclaimed angrily.
However, he liked the company. His newfound friends not only seemed to like him, but they even tolerated his jokes, which put them pretty high on his list of people he would choose to go to a deserted island with. Also, they were great at hand-to-hand combat, which meant that Clint no longer had to worry if some dickhead took him by surprise and tried to do him in at close range.
'I'm Carol Danvers. Nice to meet you.'
'Oh, and having secrets is a crime now?' she snapped at him, reaching for the gun holster.
miss me!'
'Thanks, Buck,' Steve said sincerely, but then as an afterthought he added, 'Don't break his nose, though.'
'Like?'
'All of you
Steve edged towards the corner, keeping his eyes on Rumlow at all times, taking slow, careful steps. He knew it would be hopeless but he was trying his best to buy himself time. He would die, but he would die with the last bit of dignity he had, no matter how small. He wasn't going to show any fear or weakness.
'That's if you even
Clint choked.
'I'd drink to that, brother,' Thor spoke up, and everyone made noises of assent.
Steve nodded and stepped away from the launcher. He didn't trust himself to light the flare, partly because he was inexperienced and partly because he was so distracted by his thoughts that he didn't think he could do anything properly. He let Gamora take his place.
Bruce staggered into the drop ship just as she yelled, 'It's Loki!'
'Also, speaking of relationships, what's your status with Nat?' Steve asked, glancing at the redhead.
'My brother had not informed us of this meeting. I believe it was an official invite sent by HYDRA and they used him to make us feel at ease,' Thor said in his booming voice.
'I have other news as well. We are planning to send down everyone else on the Helicarrier to Earth. It's called Project Exodus. It's actually several projects crammed into one. A drop ship is going to land in around three or four days, and another one scheduled for the early months of next year. Your parents will be guaranteed a spot on the first Exodus ship. Mrs. Barnes, Howard and Maria Stark, and Rebecca and Brian Banner are all going to come down to Earth.'
Her face lit up in a smile.
His father looked just like how he had on the day he'd stood by and watched as the guards took Tony away, screaming, and then threw him into the jail cell. His button-down shirt and slacks were neatly pressed and ironed, and his short brown hair and mustache were combed and slicked back.
“I’m not exactly arm candy,” Steph answers, remembering Tasha’s earlier terminology and
Steve follows his finger and his eyes take in the two figures on the other side of the room.  “I’m very confused,” he says after a moment.
He can recognize a panic attack when he sees one.  Hell, he’s been there.  The first couple of nights after Afghanistan, he’d started up in his hospital bed, swinging at terrorists he knew were dead.  Thank God Rhodey’d been there to talk him down.  Steve had always been annoyingly vague about his “classified” military background, but Tony get’s the impression that he’s seen some serious shit.  Lord knows what’s going on inside Steve’s head right now.
In that very first press conference after Obadiah’s double-cross, he came so close to letting it all slip.  It would’ve been so easy – tell SHIELD to stick their cover story where the sun don’t shine, throw away the notecards, and say
“Oh,” Clint answers, his voice not quite judgmental, but still loaded.  “Why do I get the feeling that’s not the entire story?”
“That’s a bit harsh,” Steve responds, although his smirk says that he’s secretly amused.  “Seems pretty great to me.  You said you built him when you were seventeen, right?”
Okaaaay, so the future has cream cheese with chives.  Good to know.  He doesn’t know exactly where to find it, but he’s sure he can figure it out.  He starts typing again.
“I’m here on behalf of SHIELD.  Director Fury asked me to –”
“No,” Steve insists, “I want to know what you meant.”
“All right, then,” Steve replies.  It’s all a bit awkward now that he knows there’s nothing life-threatening, not to mention this is the most he’s talked to Stark since their deadlock began.  “I’ll just go…”  He begins to make his way back to the hole in the glass wall when something moves at the corners of his peripheral vision.
Tony immediately stills and works to keep his face from broadcasting his shock.  This is dangerous territory, and he absolutely cannot allow Steve to continue too far in this direction.  He doesn’t think that Steve would take the information back to Fury, but he can’t be too careful.  Damn Steve for being so perceptive, and for knowing him well enough to consider the possibility of his double life.
He wants so dearly to take that invitation and head back upstairs as fast as the elevator will carry him, and he almost does. Then he curses himself for a coward and turns back around.
“Anyway, I’m sort of contractually obligated to make an appearance at this thing, and I was sort of hoping you’d go with me.”
When he’d first concluded that Natasha and Iron Man were partners, his gut reaction was
Pepper, genius that she is, latches on to his slip up  immediately and shows no signs of  letting go.  “Haven’t even...Tony!”
“And now you’re sassing me about my own tech!  Behave, or I swear I’ll make you sit out in the hall again!”  Despite his outraged tone, he can’t help a smile from peeking out of his lips.
“I’m not scared,” Tony cuts in.  “I’m pissed.”
“Tell him what?” he demands.  She can’t possibly mean -
Steve's clutches his hand even tighter. "I'm so sorry that happened to you."
but his former ignorance has been stripped from him, and now there’s nothing he can do from keeping new and pesky thoughts from burrowing into the recesses of his brain.
Steve thinks back to his sparse apartment and the line of broken bags in the SHIELD gym.
"You said it this morning when you were trying to explain how much you didn't hate her and again just now."
“Yeah, but I haven’t ever seen a model like this.  SHIELD must’ve gone all out for you, you lucky dog.”
But that’s not important right now.  What’s important is that
“Yeah, I’ve got a question. Just what the hell am I supposed to do with you?”
“Pretty much doing what we usually do.”  When the other man’s eyebrows fold in, Steve goes on the defense before Clint can get a word in.  “Look, Tony’s just really busy alright?  He’s got this major project he’s working on, and he doesn’t really have time for an active social life.”
JARVIS is most likely right.  A month ago he wouldn’t have even known what the Turing test was, must less have referenced it in a conversation.  However, it’s probably impossible to spend 24 hours in Tony’s lab without getting a lecture on the superiority of his artificial intelligence programming and the future of adaptive technology.
He still can’t help but flashback to his earlier conversation with Clint and Natasha.  Despite his stringent objections that there was nothing going on between him and Tony, he wasn’t being as open as he could’ve been.  Yes, technically he and Tony are only friends, but that doesn’t stop his mind from straying into occasionally dangerous territory.
Most importantly though is that he can safely count the night a success, because Steve’s still carrying on about the exhibit as they make their way down the steps.
“No,” he answers. “I’ll do it.”
“Good morning.  My name is Ana, and congratulations on the purchase of your new StarkBook.  Please let me guide you through the setup process.”
“If she’s that important to you, Steve insists, “I should make an effort to get to know her better.”
“So,” he begins awkwardly, “are we at least safe from a second explosion?”
“Mmm hmm,” he intones. Internally, he can’t help but preen.
Almost immediately after the syllable leaves Steve’s mouth, the tennis ball flies from Natasha’s hand and soars across the room.  The bright green flashes by in a perfect arc toward the target at the opposite end of the gym, nearly invisible to anyone without his enhanced reflexes.
SHIELD had started him out on what they called “the easiest phone possible” so that he wouldn’t be overwhelmed by the advanced technology.  He personally thought they were coddling him, but he’d said thank you and taken what had been offered.  He still thought it was kind of amazing that you could call anywhere in the world from a phone that could fit in your pocket.  Tony seems less than impressed.  The inventor pulls out yet another sleek black thing from its packaging and finally turns to face Steve.
“You did nothing wrong,” Steve breaks in, drawing him out of his reverie.  For the first time since his freak out, Steve’s voice in straightforward and self-assured.  “You did what you needed to survive.  No one can fault you for that.”
Tony could have stayed that way forever, kissing Steve outdoors in the moonlight, but he knows there are things he needs to say.  He pulls back but consoles himself with the knowledge that he can repeat the process as soon as possible.
However, looking is pretty much as far as anything got.  His scrawny and continually ill pre-serum self was just as good as driving away guys as it did galls, and even if he’d wanted to pursue something after Project Rebirth, he couldn’t risk being blue ticketed out of the military.  It was safer just to appreciate from the sidelines and stay well acquainted with his right hand.
His own words are cut off by JARVIS’ voice.
“Boy scout,” Tony scoffs and bites into one of the bagels.  “So, did you play around on the internet like I told you?”
Or, you know, the Decepticons invade.  Given the events of the past year, that’s now a conceivable scenario.  How in the world is this his life?  Five years ago, he never would have imagined he be legitimately contemplating the probability of a future alien invasion.  Of course, five years ago, he’d never thought that he’d resign as CEO, either.  Or that his godfather would try to murder him.  Or that he’d somehow make himself into a superhero and lie about it on national television.
“What
It would be easier, it would be
The AI’s voice sounds out of the room’s speakers, and underlying urgency sharpening his already crisp British vowels. “The doctors are on their way, Captain. Please proceed to the elevators.”
Tony, however, seems far more engaged with what’s just appeared on the screen.  He starts off with an inelegant snort, but within a couple of seconds he’s broken out into full-fledged laughter.  To Steve’s eternal satisfaction, Tony curls toward rather than away from him when the laughter causes him to double over.
Subject: AGAIN
“I have to know,” Steve finally says.  “Was it all a lie?”
Steve’s voice echoes off the walls, and he can feel his face burning a brilliant red.  “How could you even think that?”  He hasn’t known Clint for that long, but he didn’t think the other man would think so poorly of him.  Not that Tony isn’t a swell guy, but there are some lines he’s
and he’s
“Forgive me, Sir, but Agent Rogers is in distress, and you weren’t responding to my notifications.”
Tony lets out a huffing noise that’s somewhere between laughter and exasperation.  “Yeah.  Yeah, an alien invasion makes you realize all sorts of unexpected things.”  He throws a pointed look at Steve, and Steve just can’t help but wonder what thoughts are hiding behind Tony’s inscrutable brown eyes.
requested a follow up.  I hope this fits the bill!
“Not here,” Tony cuts in.  This is not a conversation that they need to have in public, particularly while Steve is performing inhuman feats of strength.  “Just put that thing down before anyone sees.”
Rogers frowned and his eyes slowly shifted from coffee-induced guilt to stubbornness.  “I can do this all day.”
He’s buttoning up a cufflink when he hears a knock at the door, and isn’t that just great?  He’s spent so long
After New York, though, his perception changed.  When everything finally calmed down, Fury finally got around to telling them, guess what, Phil hadn’t exactly died during Loki’s attack, just been seriously injured.  Steve was somewhat bitter over the director’s blatant manipulation, particularly at those blood-soaked cards, but it was hard to feel to angry that someone wasn't murdered.
“I have to leave,” he whispers.
to rebuild from the ground up, and the federal government’s helping to subsidize the rebuilding process.  If I can get this working by the time Sinai’s ready to start construction, this could revolutionize the field of clean energy as we know it!”
Tony immediately files that image away in the section of his brain labeled “Things We Do Not Think About.”  He is
“She just woke up Alice.”
Living with Natasha is a whole new level of frustrating.
“Well enough.”
Well, when she puts it like that…  When he doesn’t answer, Pep takes it upon herself to keep talking.  “Tony, for anyone else
“Not to be another condescending asshole, but I feel you.  You come back from something like that, and everything seems unreal.  It’s like you’re living in an entirely different world from everyone else; it looks the same, but it operates under an entirely different set of rules that no one else can see.”
arrows on his drawstring.  He rather doubts that’s possible.  If it was, Clint would have tried it by now.
He backs out of the room, keeping his eyes on her until the last possible second. It's a far cry from the similarly-staged scenario that they'd found themselves in a year ago, him playing Psyche to her Eros, when his main objective was to clear the room as soon as possible, lest his whole world come tumbling down. Now it takes all the willpower he has to leave. He does though, secure in the knowledge that the departure is only a temporary one.
Clint’s voice rings across the gym and interrupts his internal monologue.  Not wanting to stop and chat, he gestures to the bag with one clenched fist.  “Training.”
“I wanted – you know?”  He knows what?  He can’t possibly mean –
“And I thought
and now he finally can, mapping out the planes of Tony’s face with his fingers until he can set pen to paper and capture that expressive face now that he’s gotten to see it this close.  To his eternal satisfaction, Tony looks less apprehensive and far more invested in what’s going on.
He’s never going to stop being amazed by the brilliance of Tony’s mind.  Granted, he appreciates that mind a lot more when it’s not working against him, but his brainpower is a large part of what makes Tony, Tony.  Now comes the hard part – getting that brain to see his point of view.
“Yes, but think Steve,” Iron Man snaps back. “If you'd embraced the power of the internet, we all could have avoided that little peep show this morning.”
.  He’d thought about that a lot after the serum.
She looks so
Steve sighs, and begins to strategize.  “Okay, our main objective is containment.  Things are nonviolent at the moment, and let’s aim to keep it that way, but just in case have the police form a line of blast shields along 5th Avenue between 72nd and 79th.  Tell them to be as inconspicuous as possible and to refrain from using weapons, but get them ready in case things turn sour.  We should go in from the south and the east to keep her from getting any further into the park.  Hawkeye, I want you up high, while Widow and I go in from the ground.  Tony was calling Iron Man as I left the Tower, so hopefully we’ll have eyes in the sky sometime soon.”
“What was that all about?” Steve demands as he barges into the lab.  Tony looks up, and his eyes widen for a moment before the inventor can pull them back under control.
Then again, he has practically zero experience with planning a meaningful date.  He’s been on a lot of first dates – some might say too many – but he very rarely intends to see those out to date number two.  Moreover, he doubts Steve would approve of his typical romantic activities, considering his usual mode of operation is to throw money at something and see what sticks.  Steve still insists on alternating the lunch bill; he’s hardly going to appreciate an elaborate display.
Startled, he looks up to find Clint and Natasha staring at him.  Nat’s clutching yet another tennis ball loosely in her fist as if she’s ready to continue throwing, but Clint’s holding his bow haphazardly to his side.  Oh, right.  They were sort of in the middle of something.
That actually sounds remarkably close to what happened.  He keeps replaying their exchange over and over in his head, only in his fantasies, he manages to slip a word in edgewise.  Fake-Steve comes off a lot more sophisticated than they guy who sat stuttering in the Stark Tower offices while Tony Stark dismissed him in a couple dozen sentences.
“I’m in.”
Steve resists the urge to snort.  He’s heard enough back and forth between JARVIS and Tony to seriously doubt the accuracy of that claim.  “But you’d enjoy it, right?” he counters.
“I really do like this phone, though,” Steve says as he pulls the new model from his pocket.  “Thank you again.”
Every other time he’s been down here, the large swaths of space and the bizarre futuristic technology hadn’t intimidated him at all.  Even if the machines and blips and holographic screens were far beyond his comprehension, Tony was always
Steve’s trying desperately to think of something to say when Tony beats him to it.  “What about you?  Did your...team make it back okay?”  There’s a slight hesitation in the other man’s voice, as if he’s somewhat tentative about asking the question.
.  Please show the original post some love and subscribe to her work, because everything she posts is amazing!!!
Oh.  Okay.  So that’s a no.  Steve can feel his face going red, and he tries to balance his energy between keeping his face from flushing and ignoring the sinking feeling at the bottom of his stomach.  He needs to get out of here.  Now, before the situation gets any worse.  “If you’re not interested, that’s fine – ” he stands, desperately willing himself not to use super-speed to leave the room.  He’s almost taken the first step when Tony reaches out and grabs his forearm.
“What?”  Tony looks up from his electronics, finally meeting his eyes.
“How?! How is it not the same?”
Well it just sounds bad when you say it like that.  “Yes,” he responds, though his answer sounds more like a question than a statement.
It takes him a second to process that.
Steve pauses for a moment, as if he’s thinking over his response, before he answers.  “In a way.  I had a very important babysitting assignment that was taking up most of my time.”
In the almost two months since the Battle of New York; he’s tried to find some way to bring himself to terms with being displaced almost seventy years in time. In some sense, the Chitauri invasion helped. It’s utterly horrible that an alien army invaded New York (and some days he still has a hard time believing it actually happened), but the attack gave him purpose and a reason to wake up in the morning. Yet as dramatic as the whole invasion was, the entire confrontation played out in over a course of three days.  The Avengers, who admittedly functioned well under pressure, disbanded after seeing Loki off to Asgard, under the impression that they would assemble “when they were needed.”  Fortunately, nothing has yet come up that requires them to reunite.
“It gives you a reason for your lack of post-1940s pop-culture knowledge.” Natasha stops for a moment, leaning forward a bit. “As far as anyone knows, Steve Rogers was raised from a very young age by an exceedingly technophobic grandmother. This mythical grandmother loathed technology so much that she homeschooled you and forbid most electronics in her house – no television, no radio, no phone. She died when you were eighteen, and a technologically inexperienced Steve immediately joined the army, which wasn’t exactly concerned with improving your cultural education. You served two tours overseas, and have just transferred back to SHIELD’s New York office.  It’s only to be expected that you’re still unfamiliar with some facets of technology and pop culture.”
His guess is immediately validated when Natasha briskly jumps out of the driver’s seat and Clint and Thor emerge from the side doors.  Thor’s appearance is a bit of a surprise, since Steve assumes he would have flown, but he’s so happy to see the man that he’s not about to question his travel choices.  More importantly, he’s particularly excited to see the shield in Thor’s hands.
“Settles what?”
“Why weren’t we affected?” Steve asks simultaneously.  Is the tower’s unique exclusion some odd precursor to an attack?  It seems odd to leave them with resources, though…
“It’s probably meant to be,” Steve says, and his voice sounds much closer than Tony thought it would be.  It looks like the boy scout decided to bend the rules a little bit and sneak under the caution tape.  “Horses can be nasty when provoked.”
He doesn't say any of this out loud, preferring instead to keep his emotions close to his chest until he has time to process them. “I'll get there," he offers instead.
It all falls apart one day in October.
He wonders what mental assortment Steve has to choose from.  It must be a pretty nasty bag of tricks to get him put on desk duty.
“Tony,” he admonishes, trying to sound as authoritative as possible.  He thinks he at least partially succeeded, because Tony’s breaks his stare.
Tony stops his rant with a sigh.  “Later.  Looks like it’s time for both of us to suit up.”  He turns his head toward the balcony, but then he abruptly pivots back to Steve.  “Do you even have – ”  He immediately gets what Tony’s driving at.  “I’ve taken to carrying it around with me ever since Central Park.”  He moves toward his bag, eager to fetch the suit that’s tightly bundled at the bottom.
He actually beats the pizza delivery guy to the lab, but, ironically, they’re both stuck waiting outside.  Tony has entered into what he calls “hardware mode,” aka “breathe and you die.”  It’s happened once or twice in the past couple of weeks, when Tony thinks he has a viable isotope to test, and Steve knows that he’s not allowed to make any sudden movements, lest he cause Tony’s hand to slip at some pivotal moment.  He can just make out Tony’s profile through the glass, hunched over a table and holding something very shiny.  Yup, best not to disturb him.  Since he’s already outside the lab, he figures it’s best to just wait until Tony’s at a stopping point.  It’s not as if he doesn’t have practice sitting on that step.
Sent: Tuesday, February 07, 10:37 AM
He puts on his most sincere face, and starts talking.  “Rain check?”  Tony’s eyes dim just the smallest bit, and Steve scrambles.  “Look, I’m sort of late for work, and you’re desperately in need of rest.  Besides, this way you’ll have more time to plan.”
He doesn’t really want to let her in because if he lets her inside they will talk, and fix they talk then things have the potential to go so wrong. Four years of friendship rest on the turn of a hinge; it might fall apart if he lets her in, but it’ll definitely collapse if he shuts the door in her face, so he reluctantly steps back and waves his hand. “Come in.”
It’s a business trip, because somehow Ireland offers some stellar tax breaks that require Tasha to sign some very official documents in person.  It should only take the weekend, but it’s more time than Steph has had to herself in a really long time.  New York is also being unnaturally cooperative for once, which is really just…inconvenient.  The criminals really need to refine their timetables.
Well, it’s too late to turn back now.  He quickly enters in the information for Stark, Tony and then presses the home button on his phone.
about charity auctions and rebuilding projects, because wouldn’t it just be fabulous if the Avengers came to this ribbon-cutting ceremony, which is so conveniently taking place during an election year?
Tasha looks remarkably smug lounging against the pillows. “Anyway, it’s only fitting that a certain suit makes an appearance. You and that armor have chemistry, and we’ve both been pretty much married to it for five years anyway. Might as well formalize the relationship.”
“Forget about it,” she cuts in. “It’s not your fault.”
Somewhere during that terrible diatribe of oversharing, Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his.  He has the good sense not to speak, but Tony can see the questions burning in the back of his eyes.  Curiosity is only a small part of what’s there, though.  The inquiry is tangled up with sympathy and pain and horror and a couple of other things that Tony can’t allow himself to be invested in.
“What exactly is more important than protecting the world?” Steve asks in a blend of anger and confusion.
She is fully aware that Tasha is a grown woman and is perfectly capable of looking after herself.  (The woman in question has informed her of this, multiple times.)  Still, the woman attends a frankly disturbing number of social functions, most of the time not stumbling in through the front door until the wee hours of the morning.  And Steph has exceptional hearing, so it just makes sense for her to wait until Natasha’s finished…socializing to turn in for the night.
He’s starting to get worried when JARVIS’ voice finally rings out from speakers in the ceiling.  “I’m here.”
And who voluntarily reads
“Oh, I have
“Am I missing something?”
'Bucky,
'Tones!'
He stopped by one of the walls. Near the ceiling, there was a gap - a very small one, but a gap nonetheless - and he could see the night sky. The gap, however, was barely big enough to put his hand through.
He was about to open his mouth when Pepper beat him to it.
He pulled up the front of his shirt. Steve stared open-eyed at the arc reactor and he uncomfortably tugged it back down. He'd never actually shown it to anyone outside his family circle.
Tony's hands were clamped over his ears but the noise was so loud he physically winced. He reached Steve and promptly threw himself into his boyfriend's arms. All his friends were either too stunned or too worried to snicker.
This time it was quiet for a longer moment. Tony made it across the bridge and collapsed on the firm ground, crawling towards the bushes where his friends were, and Steve fired again.
'I'm all one but paid.'
'Stevie, are you dumb?' Bucky retorted. 'You saw them, they were going to kill you!'
She smirked and pulled out the bottle.
They all made noises of assent. Thor gave a distasteful look at the gun Valkyrie was attempting to hand him and he hefted his spear. She shrugged and tossed it to Tony, who caught it, fumbled with it and nearly dropped it.
Bruce watched and wondered where exactly they'd gone so wrong that they had been hit in a vulnerable place, their own camp, their home - and they had been hit hard.
To Bruce's horror, more delinquents stumbled and fell, desperately trying to contain the flows of blood from their mouths, noses and eyes. The younger kids were crying, losing blood even faster, and the older ones were trying their best to shut them up.
Clint was in agony.
Immediately he received a scream from Barnes.
She had to make do by herself, and she preferred it that way.
Thor nodded, his mouth full. 'You need to choose a tent partner, man. Two people or more in a tent. That's the rule. Even then a lot of kids are gonna have to camp out in the Quinjet,' Clint went on, not the least put off by the fact that he had been the only one talking for the past few minutes.
He was just finishing it up when Steve yelled, 'They're coming!'
'I know,' Steve's voice came in reply, and both Tony and Barnes nearly collapsed in relief. 'I keep thinking about it. I know I'm a coward.'
'No, a glorious name. Bob does not strike fear into anyone's heart.'
(See the end of the chapter for
He was roughly ushered forward. Any attempt to struggle was quickly met with a blow to his stomach and Steve furiously glared at them, repeating his question. He heard angry screaming and panicked shouts all around him.
'Say, do all of you have the combined emotional capacity of a walnut, or is it just you two?' he asked the guards who were closing the door of the Quinjet. They didn't reply, wonder of wonders.
He sent another wink to the blond and floated away, towards Rhodey, who looked pissed. 'What do you think you're doing, Tony? Get back in your seat,' he said, exasperated, but there was an undercurrent of fondness in his voice. Tony grinned at him. 'Didn't you miss me, platypus?' he asked innocently, and Rhodey rolled his eyes back, the corner of his mouth tugging upwards.
i tried to give clint and nat a bit of backstory that's also relevant to their actual backstories but i couldn't flesh it out properly so i may start writing like a prequel to this fic and include everyone's tragic tales. also i know this fic is tagged as alternate universe - no powers, but they all are going to have a semblance of their powers. like nat - she's an assassin in training, clint - really good eyesight, tony - billionaire genius, but i have no idea what to do for those who have crazy powers, like hulk and thor, let's see.
Bruce had immediately fallen into a crouch and ducked behind the tall foliage, hoping the fronds of the bush were wide enough to obscure him. He was facing the direction the noise had come from and he had slipped a knife from his boot, prepared to defend himself if necessary, and he had tried to catch sight of whatever made the noise.
Tony flinched, tucked into a roll and then came up standing. He whirled around. Steve had missed. The Grounders were almost halfway across the bridge, they still hadn't seen the bomb.
Moving past his outrageous declaration, he especially hated the recovery period. He couldn't run around, shoot arrows, go crazy - all the things he was known for. At least he could still crack lame jokes, although he wasn't sure the others appreciated that skill very much.
'It's right there,' she mouthed, pointing at the tall bushes. Very delicately, she pushed aside a bush to get a better view.
He wasn't going to let go.
'You are most kind,' Natasha responded to his jab, pushing past him and gripping the ladder. She made no noise going up even though the ladder looked old and creaky. Daggers were in both her hands and it was a wonder she didn't slice her palms off as she climbed.
They were still alive and they were still together.
'Yeah. I mean, by the amount of flirting we've been doing, I think it's safe to say I'm interested in you, and you're interested in me, right?' he asked.
'Yes, gladly,' Thor replied, his eyes lighting up. He turned to Jane, who rolled her eyes at him fondly.
'Steve, do it!' someone else said urgently.
Immediately Clint hopped off the couch and ran to both of them, throwing his arms around them, cheering, much to Bruce's displeasure ('Clint, you're going to reopen that damn wound!')
'Tony, say something, please -'
'Please tell me I'm dreaming,' he muttered.
Wherever he was, it wasn't pleasant. Blood and dirt stuck to his face, he could barely breathe, and every movement made him wheeze.
Fury raised an eyebrow. 'Oh, really?'
After they'd kissed that one time in the bunker, they didn't really make much contact. Of course, Tony being Tony, occasionally flirted and made innuendos and generally loved watching Steve squirm, but apart from that - and that little incident when they chose Steve as leader - he mostly didn't cross paths with him.
'Still. Doesn't mean y'all try to take my arm off, or some shit.'
'What's happening?' Tony asked, confused. 'Storm. A huge fucking storm. Like, miles and miles of just orange. It's not dust, it's not sand, I have no idea what it is, but it's dangerous and it hurts. I think it's an acid storm,' Steve got out, rubbing furiously at his arms and neck, where red welts had already appeared.
'What are you doing here?'
he'd insulted Bucky's mother when Bucky had tried to stop him.
This was bad. Really bad.
'I'm serious, Tones! I was scared shitless!'
Steve was in the makeshift medical bay - the bunker with the bed. He had worsened greatly. He was spasming and twitching convulsively, covered in sweat, and he looked nauseous. Bruce was by his side, anxiously pressing cool cloths to his forehead, holding a cup of water.
'Listen, if there's anything wrong you know you can tell us, right?'
She looked towards T'Challa, who was quietly talking to Valkyrie and Clint.
(See the end of the chapter for
'This is awesome!'
'And why do you think that?'
'Absolutely not,' Thor said angrily, and Tony sighed, turning to face him. 'You are not letting my little brother go into such a volatile situation. He would be killed if he were found out!'
Steve shook his head. 'I don't, not that it's a secret.'
They spent most of the evening in companionable silence, occasionally chatting with their friends or discussing the storm. Bruce brought with him the solemn news that three of the delinquents were nowhere to be seen on the drop ship and that they'd probably been stuck in the acid fog.
Loki.
You're a dumbass.
He actually thought that.
'Yep. Do you have any idea if they're the right ones?' He crouched, sifted through the box and then handed her several magazines. 'Double stack, seventeen rounds. Nice. Not the best, but I suppose whoever stayed here was a civilian, they wouldn't have access to the high-capacity thirty-round ones,' she mused.
They were in the bunker with the child's toys. They had put him in the drop ship, but he was screaming so much the younger children started crying, and people kept walking in on them and disturbing Bruce. Eventually they decided he could stay in the bunker as there was a bed, and although it wasn't that far away from the camp, nobody would interrupt them accidentally and no one could hear them.
Thor mused over this. He had spent most of his time on Earth worrying about his little brother. Maybe stargazing would help him take his mind off such thoughts.
'Pretty sure Darcy thinks you're stealing her boyfriend.'
I know you're mad but doesn't mean you murder somebody, what the fuck?' Tony was saying, trying to catch the crowd's attention.
'What?' Natasha said angrily.
'Friends! You must come up here and look at this! I may have found another bunker much like the one you are standing in!'
'Ooh,' Clint said immediately, sitting up, his eyes shining. 'Spill. Now. Did you and -' he coughed, '-
'Wow, thanks for the advice, I never would've known,' she told him coldly.
Natasha decided she was far too sober to be out in the open and headed for her tent. She, Valkyrie and Bruce had been working on the dummy bullets. They'd replaced the dud mixture with another one that had an explosive charge and dealt a lot of damage when fired.
'That's the only good thing I've heard from you in over a week. Maybe you aren't so bad,' the rough voice said, and Bruce heard a tinge of satisfaction in the speaker's tone.
Okay, so they had sex last night. Whatever. The only thing unusual was that it happened in her tent.
He leaned his head against the wall and sighed, letting his eyes flick over the bare room, furnished with just a bed, a cupboard and a tiny bathroom. At least they'd given him a pencil - paper was too precious to waste. He'd been sketching all over the walls of his room.
'Lackey?'
Natasha snorted, appearing at his side. 'Of course you'd go for this stuff.'
'Never doubted you, Red!' Tony cried out happily, and Thor beamed.
'What're you thinking about?' Tony hummed, his hand on the back of Steve's neck, his dark eyes focused on his face.
The only problem was that between them and Mount Weather was a massive jungle.
Their efforts revealed a hatch, covered in grass and other material that had accumulated over a century. Steve and Barnes both pulled at it together and they managed to open it up. A ladder led into darkness, as far as Tony could see.
'Why'd you call me Barnes?' he asked, amused. 'You know I have a name, right?'
'What kind of supplies will it have?' Bruce asked.
Pierce? Fury's
'They do,' Tony said, sitting up straight, his voice suddenly firm and steady. 'They think every single bit of whatever they said to me. My father, he hates me. He wishes I wasn't born. I was a disgrace to him.'
Steve sensed everyone falling silent, their collective attention turning to him.
He quite enjoyed the duty, mostly because it involved staying away from people and keeping to himself. Usually he would be patching up someone's wounds or Clint would dominate the lookout position, so it was rare he was sitting up here, watching for any signs of intruders.
The others were stocking up on weapons, food and water. Valkyrie was contacting her girlfriend again, checking on her. The Helicarrier's systems were failing. The oxygen supply was draining faster than ever and they needed to find a way to come down to Earth before they all died.
The other man crosses his arms over his chest, but there’s a smile on his face as he leans back against a nearby countertop.
Steve snorts at that. He’s not overly fond of the shows, but given its sheer number of episodes, he can appreciate the number of people they employ.
It’s probably the shock that makes Steve lose all concept of time because it seems like both a moment and an eternity when a woman in scrubs comes out of the operating theatre and says that she’s stable and resting quietly. Another inch to the right and the bullet would have punctured a lung, she says. Ms. Stark was incredibly lucky.
Steve takes a moment to assess the situation, not sure what it is that’s got Tony flustered.  The lab is fairly dark; the usual screens aren’t pulled up to give off their typical glow.  The only light is coming from the narrow quadrant of the room over Tony’s workspace and the occasional sparks from whatever Tony’s working on.  He can just make out a faint outline of something on the table, but it’s nearly impossible to make out anything in the low light.
“Okay, you’re right.  This definitely takes priority over the Helicarriers.”
She sounds sadly resigned, as if the suffering she mentioned is an inevitable consequence of existence, but Steve is more focused on the last bit of her statement. “Like everyone else?” he asks.
Natasha glances briefly at his phone and then back up to his face.  “You still with us?”
Someone – he can’t see who, but he’s going to assume it’s Barton given he’s the only person whose face he can’t see – has a leg thrown up over the back of a very expensive looking sofa.  Romanoff is sitting in a slightly more formal position, her arm draped properly over the armrest of the same sofa, but her slouched posture and the pint of ice cream in her hands divest her of the gravity he expects of the Black Widow.  It’s by far the most human he’s ever seen her look.  Thor is the only one who’s giving his full attention to the television show, devoting an inordinate amount of attention to crappy puns and pre-recorded laugh tracks.
Natasha leans back and closes her eyes. “That's not exactly comforting, Steve.”
“Hmmm.” His fiancee makes such great points. Well, at least sometimes. At least eighty-five percent of the time. As for the rest, he’s there to add his two cents worth. Together they make one hell of a team. They always have, he supposes, but together they’re enough to keep SHIELD personal perpetually oscillating between exasperation at their bickering and awe at their competence. It just
Steve smiles, but there’s no pleasure in the gesture.  “You don’t understand,” he insists.  “You can’t imagine what it feels like, going down.”
Their relationship isn’t flawless by any means; it never has been and transitioning into a more traditional partnership hasn’t magically fixed that. They’re both still headstrong and argumentative, and Steve admittedly gets a lot more emotional now that he can physically see the damage each fight takes on the person inside the suit. Still, Iron Man is who Natasha is in her core, and trying to alter that would be to destroy the person he fell in love with.
“Miss, I - ”
,” Tony hisses, although it sounds more as if he’s saying it to be contrary than in any actual sincerity. In fact, he’s not even sure that Tony’s mental faculties are running at one-hundred percent at the moment, but that’s still not going to keep him from making sure Tony holds up to his end of the bargain.  Tony said date, and dammit, he’s getting his date.
And yet, Steve’s lust-inducing appearance is surprisingly only the second most surprising detail of the night.  First place goes to the flowers he’s holding out to Tony.
“I don’t know if you noticed, but a demigod and his alien army
“No. I mean, it’ll just be nice not to be the only one in the room eating.” He always feels slightly guilty when he sees his best friend sipping an atrocious smelling smoothie through a straw as he inhales real food. Having some company will be nice.
It's the same excuse that Iron Man offered him, and once again Steve feels the urge to take it. But he's come this far. Might as well bite the bullet. “You sure you couldn't stop by? It would mean a lot to me if the three of us could be...friends.”
“Not what, Steve?  Breakable?  Vulnerable?”
He steels himself and opens the door as she’s finishing her second round of knocks. Her hand is still raised, and she sways a little bit as she fails to meet the expected resistance. Steve frowns slightly, noting the bags under her eyes and the unusual power of her skin, uncomfortably aware of the fact that the woman was shot less than yesterday. “Should you be out of bed?” he asks, brows furrowed.
“Sounds fun.”
He phrases a tentative question.  “JARVIS, how long have you been – ” he struggles for the right word, “ – awake?”
When he’d first woken up, he’d assumed Coulson was like the multitude of other fans he’d had to deal with back in his own time.  The innocuous looking agent had been rigorously polite and done his best to make Steve’s transition into the twenty-first century as smooth as possible.  Of course, that stoic professionalism was frequently undercut by what Steve assumed was a case of hero-worship.  The trading cards were sort of a giveaway.  More than anything, he could never quite understand why all of the other SHIELD agents seemed so intimidated of him.
Somewhat desperate, he pulls out his phone to start googling while simultaneously speaking aloud.  “JARVIS, what do normal people even do on a first date?”
And with that, Steve knows he’s dismissed. He still has no idea what exactly Fury expects him to do, but for the first time since the Chitauri, he feels like he has a purpose.
Just when he’s resolved to move further into the open space, a startling blue light flashes at his nine o’clock, and he springs toward the action, shield poised on his right arm but ready to be thrown if need be.
“So you basically told Stark he was obligated to do something and then lectured him on the importance of the weapons industry?”
“Good to see you again,” he says, giving Bruce’s hand a quick shake.
“That sounds reasonable.”
“Could you maybe find me some clips of Tony being foolish in public?
“No, that’s…fine,” she responds in a tone that is not at all fine.
He stands very carefully to avoid adding any more stress to an already tense situation.  Very slowly, he circles around so he’s in Steve’s line of sight.  “So,” he starts, “that’s interesting.”
Apparently, he’s stayed silent a bit too long, because Steve feels the need to start speaking.  “Tony?” he asks softly, and he places his hand on Tony’s, which is still resting on Steve’s thigh.
“It sounds...complicated.”
From: Potts, Pepper
Too late.  Steve’s already seen him, so there’s no way he could possibly turn back now without looking like a complete and total idiot, or at least more of one than he already is.
“No,” Nat replies, “he and I aren’t exactly on speaking terms at the moment.  But I think I know someone who can.”
“Rogers, eight weeks ago, you woke up from a seventy-year ice nap. Ten days later, you fought an alien army from outer space. Stuff like that would probably throw most men. Hell, I’m surprised you’re not curled up in a ball somewhere. So, I’ll ask you again. How are you doing?”
flew a nuke into space and fell back through a wormhole.
Stark finally notices the awkward silence and turns to face Steve.  “I basically just have to build a better molecule,” he finishes lamely.
Tony lightly clenches his fingers together so that they tighten around Steve’s.  The contraction draws Steve’s hand even closer to his, but Steve doesn’t pull away.  Emboldened, Tony looks over at Steve’s face, which is surprisingly close to his.
“Sir,” JARVIS calls from overhead.  “Now that your latest attempt has concluded, I feel obligated to inform you that your 9:30 appointment has been waiting for quite some time in the upstairs conference room.”
“You want me to babysit him?”
In the heat of his very visceral response, he couldn’t exactly understand why the two of them shouldn’t be together, but the very thought of it had pinched a place deep inside of him that he hadn’t even known to protect. He hadn’t really been able to label his feelings until he’d caught Natasha stumbling out of a suit with an arc reactor blazing in her chest. Because when he’d finally learned that Natasha and Iron Man were not partners in the traditional sense of the word and were in fact one and the same person, his instinctual reaction this time around was
“She’s probably just looking out for you,” Steve insists, grateful that at least one other person is attentive to Tony’s behavior.  He doubts, though, that she’s any more successful than he is at modifying Tony’s bad habits.
He wraps his right hand around the trunk of the ficus and braces his left on the side of the pot.  Lifting the entire unit over his head, he heaves the metal base at one of the glass panels, hoping he breaks through in time to stop whatever’s going on.  The glass doesn’t shatter on the first hit, but he can glimpse tiny spider fractures around the impact zone.  It figures that Stark would reinforce the walls of his workspace, but that security feature isn’t particularly helpful under these circumstances.  He raises the pot again, putting all of his energy into the swing, and this time the glass explodes with a crystalline screech.  He immediately jumps through the hole in the glass as his eyes start scanning the room for potential threats.  The smell of smoke reaches his nose and he can see small plumes rising from a corner in the room   He runs toward the smog.
“Nothing,” he insists, as his full-bellied laughs give way to occasional snickers.
Case in point:  the minute Steve walks in, he abandons his screens and snatches the cup from Steve.
“But you’ve spent time with him, every day, in your lab, listening to music and watching old movies and talking about your work for months?”
to fight Nazis!”
“And you’ve been with him ever since?”
“You read the manual?  The actual StarkPhone manual?”
The woman laughs, and just from the tone, he can tell that things are about to get ugly.
Steve doesn't know how and automated British robot voice manages to sound so judgmental, but JARVIS is definately judging him right now.  “Probably so,” he concedes.  “But just because something’s petty doesn’t mean it’s inconsequential.”  He thinks; it made sense in his head.  “The point is, Tony’s ridiculously competitive, and there’s absolutely no way I can match him on this.  With you on my side, that doesn’t have to be the case.”  He throws in one more for good measure.  “Besides, doesn’t this give you an outlet to vent some of your frustrations with Tony?”
Steve groans and slaps his hands over his eyes. “You are such an ass.”
Tasha does smile at that, and she raises one gauntleted hand to cover Steph’s, where it’s still resting on her own cheek.  “So…” she asks, “does this mean I finally have a plus one for social obligations?”
, and it’s not as if the movie’s going to overlook that fact.  Sinking equals water and drowning and pieces of broken furniture disappearing under the waves.  Yup, he definitely should have thought it through.
And that...that gives him an idea. He quickly starts typing out a response.
“That sounds about right,” he responds, still not quite sure where this is headed.
Did you ever stop to think that you’re working on the weekend too?
Subject: wtf!
“Nice?” Shellhead’s voice has taken on the same flat tone he uses when he’s trying to remain neutral in mission briefings, which prompts Steve to go on the defensive.
To: Stark, Tony
.  You’re doing this
“Sorry I was late,” his friend says as he enters the room.
“It’s not a battery, Steve.  It’s a– ”
Clint immediately starts running across the street, Tony and Thor take to the sky, and he and Natasha head toward the specified building.  He feels a brief pang of conscience when he shatters the lock on the door with his shield, but he’ll be supremely thankful if that’s the most damage that gets done tonight.  He and Natasha have just located the staircase when panic breaks out over the com link.
Unwilling to think about this any further, Steve grabs his bag and turns toward the door.
“You speak Latin?”
Pepper stares at him as if he’s grown a second head.  “Dating?  As in dating, dating?”
“No, you didn’t!  You deliberately put yourself in jeopardy.”
Never let it be said that Tony Stark is not a masochist of the first order.
Steve nods. “There is that.”
“Saddlebags?”
.  I’m starting to understand why this guy has no social life.
For starters, Stark’s lab is enormous.  He assumes that the basement runs the length and breadth of the entire building; he can barely see the farthest corners of room, which are still shrouded in dark.  Various screens and pieces of machinery crowd the room, and Steve gets the feeling that even someone born and raised in this century wouldn’t be able to tell what half of those machines are for.  The most breathtaking thing, though, is the line of Iron Man armors lined up along the south wall.  Each one stands in its own display case, lighted from behind like exhibits in a museum.
“Not an easy feat, I assure you.”
He’s a bit frustrated that SHIELD thought he couldn’t handle what was essentially a very fancy typewriter.  Everyone goes around assuming that he’s afraid of technology, all the while glossing over the fact that he volunteered for an experimental science program that pumped him full of chemicals and some sort of specialized energy ray.  Sure, he doesn’t quite understand the way these new devices work, but that doesn’t stop him from appreciating their capabilities.  That video footage, for example, is something that he should have been give access to a long time ago.  He assumes that the Avengers will be needed again sometime in the future, and it’s painfully clear that they need to learn to function as a team.  Their response to the Chitauri invasion had been a matter of necessity, but they’d basically approached the battle as six independent fighters trying to win a war.  True, there were moments of synergy – Black Widow and Hawkeye worked well as a unit, and at one point Iron Man had bounced a repulsor beam off of his shield – but those moments were few and far between.  Nope, this footage is a gift, one that he could only dream about during the war.  He needs to study this and analyze the ways he can improve his team.
“What are we doing with a welding torch?”  Really, Steve doesn’t look nearly as enthusiastic as he should be.
Here goes nothing.  “No…I mean, yes…I just...”
He waits a few moments before boarding the elevator, knowing that the moment he presses that button he’s committing to something he doesn’t know if he’s quite prepared for yet.  If something's attacking him, it’s easy enough to let the Other Guy do his thing, but committing to being a semi-permanent part of the Avengers is a whole other ball game with a staggering array of potential consequences.  No, it’s much easier to stand here among cars that easily cost more than his current worldly possessions than taking that final step.
“And you’re sure you’re not speaking too quickly right now?”  Tasha looks up, and Steph thinks she can detect a tinge of vulnerability this time around, which gives her the nerve to move forward.
In lieu of an answer, Natasha starts distributing com links.  She pauses when she gets to Tony.
of us were looking for a way to tell you before what happened happened. He trusts you.”
Jarvis’ momentary start of surprise is quickly replaced with the Eyebrow of Reproach, but Tony has long since learned the subtitles of said eyebrow.  Jarvis totally approves.
It takes him a moment to think about how to answer that one.  He types out several replies with various levels of commitment before settling on a response.
“Yes?”
Tony looks at him skeptically when he grabs the garden rake that’s been laying a foot to their right.  “A rake, really?  You’re going to fight this thing off with a rake.”
, and they’re easily nine feet tall on all fours.  And there are three of them.  Gripping his shield a bit tighter, he contemplates the best ways to apply vibranium to bronze.
“Uh…right.”  He turns and walks toward the balcony.  “JARVIS?”
Not so anymore.  Now, instead of contemplating what sort of entertainment he has to look forward to, he spends his time speculating on what Steve’s doing.  Instead of focusing on international operating costs and ways to maximize regional outputs, he’s mentally computing the time difference between Beijing and New York City so he can guesstimate Steve’s activities.
Inwardly, Steve winces at the implications of that failed shield toss, but he knows he can’t afford to get distracted.  He’s got six...five...four…
“That’s his first name,” Natasha rejoins.  “Very few people actually get to call him that to his face, and an even fewer number of people would call him a friend.  And I know of no one that actually has been invited to spend time in his personal lab.”
“What’s there to come to grips with?” At his incredulously raised eyebrow, Natasha starts qualifying. “I mean, yes, I admit that all this is a bit of a shock and I shouldn’t have,” she stumbles, the word large in her mouth, “lied. But when you really think about it, it’s more a sin of omission than anything else. I’m still me,” she presses. “The essentials haven’t really changed.”
He says as much to Steve, leaving out the details about his unreciprocated crush but expressing his overall frustration with paparazzi.  To his surprise, Steve’s eyes droop.
“JARVIS?”
Funny thing is, “home” isn’t his crappy SHIELD apartment.  Despite the crapshoot of a day he’s just had and surviving his second alien invasion, all he wants to do is make his way to a basement in Manhattan and listen to the clicks and whirls of technical gadgetry.  The person responsible for making those clicks and whirls also holds a certain level of appeal.
So...Steve doesn’t know he’s Iron Man.
“The thing about a private life, Stark, is that it’s supposed to be
The doctor tells him that he can go into her room if he likes, and despite all that’s happened between them, Steve can’t not go.
The morning Steve finds Natasha Stark naked in Iron Man’s bed, he immediately realizes three things.
“That’s because it only makes calls!” Tony insists, not sure how Steve is living with the inadequacies of that phone.  Seriously, it looks laughably out of place down here, and the very sight of it offends him.
Steve’s pretty sure that last string of text isn’t meant to be intelligible, but he counts it as a win nevertheless.  Now he just has to brush up on the references so that Tony doesn’t call him on his bluff.
Steve mutters something under his breath with his face turned toward the ground.
Steve’s primary reaction to seeing a smart, beautiful woman naked in his best friend’s bed isn’t shock or envy or lust. He doesn’t want to seek Iron Man out to congratulate him or ask for all of the pertinent details about his relationship. Steve doesn’t want to talk to anybody about anything at all right now.
“That’s not—”
– Oh.  Jarvis, apparently done wondering why they’re loitering outside, has opened the door, which has the unfortunate consequence of causing Steve to tumble back into the house.
Iron Man stares at him. “Really? That’s a conversation you really want to have?”
, plural.  He is A) almost one hundred years old, B) a genetically enhanced supersoldier, and C) continually on call in case of an alien invasion.  Those are hardly the things you have to deal with when starting a relationship. The fact that Tony is Howard’s son is just an added bonus.
