He reaches for his phone and pulls up the number in his contacts, then puts the phone to his ear.
Castiel smiles at that and ducks his head. “I wouldn’t say I was a gentleman the
Castiel smiles to himself. However much time they spend apart, at least he’s never felt a reason to worry about his parents’ marriage.
And Castiel has a lot to say to that. Hearing that just lights that angry spark in Castiel’s chest, burning his windpipe and tongue with all the words he has to bite back. “You
“Mom, it’s not your fault,” Dean says quietly. Mary raises her head to meet his eyes again.
Castiel wheels around, eyes searching the darkness until they settle on a figure leaning against the upstairs railing. It’s Lucifer; Castiel can see the light-colored bed-head once his eyes adjust.. “Couldn’t sleep,” Castiel offers, and it’s only half a lie. He probably would’ve been able to sleep if Dean hadn’t texted him about the Star Trek marathon on the SciFi channel, insisting he stay up and text Dean about it. “Sorry, did I wake you?”
. It’s weak and pathetic and terrifying, but Castiel can’t help falling every time he makes Dean laugh, every time they sit too close and let the electricity gather between them, every time Dean’s fingertips make contact with his skin. But he can’t say it yet. He can read it all over Dean’s paintings, but he doesn’t want to hear it and can’t make himself say it, gagged by the fear of leaving himself that vulnerable.
“Cas is back?” he repeats. Lisa blinks, her eyes going wide. Charlie giggles in his ear. “Where are you guys? Does he have a free pass tonight?”
It’s creepy. A little terrifying, actually.
Cas is quiet. Dean pulls into a parking spot and rubs a hand over his face, trying to calm his breathing, trying to get the thrumming in his veins under control. He’s not drunk enough for this, he’s not drunk at all, and maybe that’s why everything that happened tonight went down the way it did. Dean just can’t stop fucking up, can he?
For some reason, Lisa initiates an aggressive make-out session in the back of the theater. Dean actually hasn’t seen the new X-Men film yet, and even though Charlie had nothing good to say about it, he’d still wanted to watch it himself and come to his own conclusions.
Dean looks up to see Gilda blinking curious brown eyes at him, with Charlie smiling next to her. Just behind them are Cas and Meg, in the middle of a whispered conversation. Jo makes a delighted noise and reaches over to hug Gilda before thrusting a menu into her hands and explaining the coupons on the back. Charlie leans against her girlfriend’s arm and listens closely, clearly interested in cheap date opportunities.
“Meg’s father is slated to play the brothers’ father.”
It’s a magnolia blossom that Dean painted in class two weeks ago, with a touch of pink still in the petals as they stretch towards the sun. While Dean doesn’t want to go around bragging about painting flowers, of all things, he had genuinely liked the final result. Mary has a few paintings proudly hung in her bedroom and the living room already, so Dean decided that Missouri might like this one.
Dean barks out a laugh, which makes Pam turn to them with a raised eyebrow, so he leans in and keeps his voice down when he responds, “What, she’s not woman enough for you?”
Yeah. Something like that.
They slip in quietly, and Castiel only sees an empty room, so he tugs Dean along until they tumble onto the couch, giggling and exchanging little kisses. They fuss and fidget until Castiel is spooned up behind Dean, nose pressed into the nape of his neck, and Dean chuckles breathlessly when a stray hand settles on his belly.
Lisa asks suddenly, “Are you from Cielo?”
Dean drops the phone back in its holder, then wanders out to the living room. The curtains on the bay window are drawn, allowing Sam to watch TV in total darkness. There’s a steaming bowl of baked macaroni and cheese cradled against his chest, and when Dean flops onto the couch next to him, Sam turns to him with narrowed eyes and a full mouth. He manages to swallow before asking, “Did you eat?”
“And your mom is working?”
Castiel blinks, his face warm as he soaks up Dean’s proximity. That incident was years ago, was the cause of most of the friction between them. Castiel’s decision to tell Mary about Dean’s whereabouts had directly led to Dean saying Castiel was the worst thing that ever happened to him, officially breaking Castiel’s heart. It’s not a time that Castiel likes to think about, and to see Dean smiling as he talks about it makes Castiel a little uncomfortable. “What are you talking about?”
“Why would you worry about me?” Castiel says with a sigh, leaning over his knees. Though there’s still an aura of pity around it, Lucifer looks almost affectionate for once. He shrugs, however, keeping it casual.
Cas is into this. Whether he wants to talk about it or not, he is. And Dean doesn’t want to miss this opportunity. He likes making people feel good, after all, and honestly, in his own selfish way, Dean just wants to see it. For his own fantasies.
“You watched more movies without me?” Dean says gruffly, turning his head away.
“I have to go,” he repeats, and with just a wave of his hand, he’s running for the door, for his truck, pulling himself in and gunning for home. At least there, he can hide away in his room and sleep on this and hopefully have an easier time sorting it out in the morning.
“You asked about my dad. He drinks.” Dean swallows, his eyes momentarily darting away from Castiel before he clears his throat and forces them back. “That’s why he forgets our birthdays sometimes. And kinda why Mom left him.”
alphas.”
To his surprise, the woman hooks an arm through his, sidling up nice and close. “You just stick with me,” she says with a wink. “I’ll make sure you get what you need.”
Dean leans back against the counter and wishes Sam would at least give John a chance. Recognize that he’s trying. And Dean realizes it’s strange that he’d want to defend his father this way, having barely known him for most of his life, and certainly not remembering him as a sober or particularly happy man. But he kind of gets where his dad’s coming from. Wanting forgiveness, whether he deserves it or not. Dean’s willing to play along, if only because it makes him feel better about his chances with Cas.
By the time Mary stops by for a quick dinner before her shift at the Roadhouse, Dean has called six more times and left two more messages with no response. He’s genuinely worried, but doesn’t say a word to Mary or Sam.
Aaron had spoken so casually. Like he thought it was just that easy. Like a romance novel where a misunderstanding is just that. But this isn’t just a misunderstanding, and Castiel drops his hands, clenching them into fists as he glares at Dean. “You never thought to save some part of yourself for
Sam starts arguing the virtues of having breakfast for dinner, in a way that has Castiel affectionately thinking that he’ll make an excellent lawyer, when they’re both surprised by what sounds like the Impala pulling up the street outside.
“It’s just, the funeral’s not until Friday, if you have classes-”
The blonde girl from the cover is holding hands with another girl.
“Then why does
“Are you alright?” Cas asks quietly.
“What makes you think that?”
Naomi Milton cuts a formidable figure, in her gray pantsuit and heels, her auburn hair drawn up in a bun behind her head. Every detail is perfect, down to the pleats and pearls, and her smile is calm, though it doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “Castiel,” she says smoothly, “I knew you’d find your way home eventually.”
“Apologies.”
“He’s fine,” the alpha is saying. “He will be fine, at least. Heats are perfectly natural.”
“I want you to be my boyfriend,” Dean continues, his fingers clutching at Castiel’s shirt. “If that’s what you want, or I can wait…”
By some hilarious act of God, however, at the same time Castiel is opening the door and stepping out into the main hallway, the back door in the kitchen opens as well, and Mary is slipping back inside. With the shutter doors open, Mary can see him as soon as she turns around, and her eyes widen as he shifts on his feet and waves awkwardly from across the room.
Later, after sunset, when Dean taps on his window, Castiel points him towards the crate. Now, Dean can climb in and out of Castiel’s tiny window, making it less risky for him to visit.
What Dean is asking isn’t what he wants to know. Castiel is smart enough, and he knows Dean well enough, to understand that. Dean has been jealous of Balthazar for a long time, and it’s no surprise that this is coming to the forefront again. In fact, Castiel is a little impressed that Dean didn’t bring it up sooner. The question isn’t really about Castiel’s teenage erectile dysfunction as much as it’s about Dean’s insecurities and need to know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Castiel won’t leave him for someone else.
Because who needs that drama when Dean has so much else going on?
“It’s not fair for you to have a monopoly over him, you know,” she says. “I know you’ve got the Golden Dick or whatever, but he has other friends that want to see him.”
“It’s so weird that your ex hangs out with your girlfriend,” Dean mutters, eyeing Sam with the rearview mirror. Sam snorts.
“For tonight?”
Dean hesitates, giving Jo enough time to start making chicken noises behind Pam’s back, and when Gilda giggles softly, Dean caves. He takes three cards, and Pam lays them out in front of her. Victor snorts when Jo and Gilda lean in over Pam’s shoulders, and God help him, Dean can’t help being a little curious too.
Missouri raises her eyebrows before turning to Dean with a fierce glare, so Dean raises his hands. “Woah, woah, woah, I didn’t-”
“I was a knight, in my youth,” Castiel starts, deciding to focus on the three unknowns at the table. “I fought in a war, and was given a special post with honors. Eventually, I…”
“It’s all I ever think about,” Cas purrs.
Castiel glances at Jo, who looks away, pretending she’s more interested in the conversation a couple other people are having near her. Dean puts a hand on the back of Castiel’s neck, offering a gentle kiss when Castiel turns to him. “I’ll talk to her,” he says, gently shoving Castiel off with Charlie, who eagerly drags him away, a little further out from the rest of the group. Bela and Victor are there, seated on a rather large piece of driftwood and watching the surf come in and out. Castiel wonders when Bela and Victor had the time to become friends, but then Charlie is flopping down next to Bela, hips and shoulders pressed close, and Castiel can’t resist smirking when Bela gives him a withering glare, a silent command to keep his mouth shut.
Dean scowls down at his lap. His dick is still hanging out, so he distracts himself by re-dressing, and though he feels Cas moving next to him, he refuses to look. "Why not?"
Servants come to take their bowls and replace them with plates of steaming hot pork, slathered in some sort of fruit sauce. Castiel is overwhelmed by his first bite; it’s been so long since he was able to have delicacies like this, meat cooked to such perfection that it’s falling apart in his hands, and syrupy sweet sauces that are almost painful on his tongue. He has to take a moment to let his tastebuds settle after the first bite, though he manages a smile when a concerned Dean puts a gentle hand on his arm.
Castiel sighs and pushes himself up. He’s got just enough time to shower and change before running down to meet the girls. Charlie’s not the type to lie, but who knows? Maybe Jo and Pam convinced her this was the best way to get Dean and Castiel back in the same space.
Still humming, he glances up and grins at Anna, stationed on the couch. “Who are you watching now?” he asks, laughing when she jumps and turns to him, her red hair fanning out in a halo around her head.
“I never really got to ask you what I wanted to ask you before you left,” Sam says quickly. “We started talking about Dean, and got distracted. So…” He trails off, twisting his fingers anxiously, and Castiel smiles despite himself. Sometimes he forgets how young Sam is.
“We’ll get somebody to help you at the castle,” Charlie steps in, guiding Castiel back over to the horses. “If we leave now, you’ll have plenty of time to change and get cleaned up there.”
and opens up a text message to Dean.
Castiel lays there, unable to think of a reason to get back up, but Dean is shuffling around next to him, and finally snaps, “Dammit, Cas,” so Castiel opens his eyes and peers up at his friend. Dean is sitting cross-legged on the ground, slumped over and glaring at Castiel.
“Hello, ladies,” he says, putting on his most charming smile. Jo grimaces and shoves him away.
“What?”
Seconds later, there’s a knock on the door. Castiel glances at his sister, but when she doesn’t respond, he takes it upon himself to answer.
Nausea reappears when Alastair’s voice slithers from the speaker, “Why, hello, Dean. What can I do for you on this fine evening?”
“It was fun,” Dean says slowly, opting out of details. “Charlie put some good games together.”
Then, the nausea returns.
“Like. What did you do? Was it just… because he was pretty good at… I was just…”
“Make your own goddamn breakfast,” Dean grumps, pulling the blanket over his head as Castiel groans and rubs his eyes.
It’s a tragic, painful image. Castiel feels a surge of guilt and disgust, and has to close his eyes, to lean in and subtly scent Dean’s hair. Apples and cinnamon and the new, sweeter smell of the baby, it all comes together to soothe Castiel, to push away horrific memories and terrible what-ifs.
It was easier to let Lisa go, even though she didn’t really let him apologize either.
Pam rolls her eyes. “Look, just trust me, okay? You’re gonna fall in love, and it’s gonna be for life, and I see that as clearly as I see how artistic you are.”
person Dean slept with.”
The omega blinks at him, his gaze unfocused and pupils blown. Slowly, he leans forward, until his bare chest is pressed against Castiel’s shoulder, and he rests his forehead against Castiel’s neck.
Castiel adapted to their tactile nature faster than he expected to. It’s actually quite comfortable, and while sometimes he catches his brain going in certain directions it shouldn’t go when Charlie or Jo move in for a hug, all it takes is a quick reminder of how hard they both can punch before that train of thought is gone. That’s the thing about it: the group just loves to lay all over each other, to hug and touch, but they’re just as quick to slap and shove and occasionally bite. It’s a double-edged sword, but Castiel finds that whether comfort or pain, the sensation makes him feel accepted. Moreso every day.
Dean shrugs and brings his pencil to his lips, tapping it a few times before chewing on the eraser. “Just. Tell me about your siblings. Why’s Michael such a dick? Why does Gabriel take you out here? What about the other two?” He looks up and grins briefly, the pencil between his teeth. Castiel supposes it might be charming, if he were a girl. “Or your parents. What do your parents do that brings in so much money?” Castiel hums softly, sitting up to try and peek at what Dean’s working on. Dean pulls back and grins again. “Can’t see until you talk.”
As always, thank you guys for reading! Please let me know what you think, and pass the word around about this story if you like it! The bigger the audience, the faster I write!
“I don’t know if
Cas snickers, soft and thin through the phone’s speaker. “Most modern music is a form of rock, Dean.”
Sam beams and launches in for a hug, and in a moment like this, Castiel can’t be
It’s only a few seconds before his phone goes off again.
Castiel hesitates before closing the book, settling it in his lap as he leans closer to Dean. “My father writes novels for a living, Dean.”
“Gross, Dean,” Sam groans. Dean frowns and throws a balled-up napkin at him, which Sam easily bats away. “Mom works here, don’t-”
!” Charlie is almost screaming in his ear, and Dean jumps back, practically falling into Cas’s lap while she laughs.
about watching Cas pleasure Lisa? That’s the
“Dean.” Charlie reaches across the table to take one of his hands, smiling when he looks up at her. “Do you want me to call him?”
“I’m sorry,” she says after a second, hurrying out to the register and offering up a smile that doesn’t quite meet her eyes. “Dean and his friends don’t usually come here, I’m a little… surprised to see you.” She clears her throat, shooing him off the counter. “Especially at this time of day. In fact, I thought Dean was at work?”
Dean pauses, then pulls the keys out of the ignition with a sigh. “Okay. See you in a few.”
“That’s the Cas I wanna see,” Dean says, taking Castiel’s hand and intertwining their fingers. “Rebellious little shit with an innocent face, I love it.”
“I’m allowed to make friends at school, Dean. You don’t have to be a dick about it.”
“Dean?” comes Castiel’s voice. “Are you awake?”
Lisa smiles again, but it’s sad, and she looks at Dean again as she says, “There are certain people in your life that I don’t stand a chance against. You keep telling me I don’t have to be jealous, but as long as those certain people are around, I absolutely do.”
“There are people from Cielo here?”
“I can’t believe you just…” she mutters, and Dean’s surprised he can hear her so well. What happened to all that noise? “He was… and you… and he was
Castiel likes it, however. A few people glance at him, curiously, but they seem to adore Dean so much that the hooded figure sharing his horse hardly seems to matter. Dean laughs at someone’s joke, slips a few gold coins to an elderly man in rags, then waves one last time, apologizing over having to get home to his mother. The people seem all the more enamored with him after this sheepish admission, and Castiel can’t help being impressed by Dean’s natural connection with his people.
“I don’t think she really likes me at all,” he explains when Dean gives him a strange look. “I don’t think I even like her.”
, echoes through his head, and he tries to smile when she quirks an eyebrow at him.
He’s been too afraid to think about the future too much. The only thing he’s ever been able to imagine in his future is a life with Dean, but that’s always been in vague, drifting thoughts. It’s something real now, something with potential. But it’s Dean, who is so stubborn about not going to school or selling his paintings. If Castiel is serious, if they’re serious… Castiel needs to get his shit together. Even if Dean decides to commit to being a painter, Castiel will have to provide for them. He’s happy to do so, to support Dean’s dreams, it’s just… what does he want to do? How will he make that money?
It’s a rude, flagrant dismissal, and even Lisa seems flustered when Dean points out that dinner’s hardly over and he can take Castiel back when they’re done. John actually growls at this, at his own son, and Castiel has to stand up and declare that he wasn’t very hungry anyway before turning to follow Lisa towards the darkened halls.
Cas’s eyes flicker to Dean’s lips before his cheeks turn red. “No,” Cas mumbles, turning his gaze to Dean’s blue bedspread, picking at a hole in the fabric. “I remember.”
“Well, hey,” Dean says, “look who cleans up nice.”
are you here?” Castiel asks petulantly.
“Well, not all the time,” Dean answers brightly, setting the green canvas aside and shifting to slide the red one from Castiel’s fingers. He offers up a sweet sort of half-smile, gently taking Castiel’s hand in his own, which means Castiel’s expression must give away how much that painting upset him. “Hey. I only feel like that when I get really low, okay? It’s been a long time since I’ve let it get that bad.”
“No need?”
“I won’t hurt him. I swear.”
“He’s mainly a mechanic, but I guess it’s still not enough.”
“What, did you forget how to talk?” Dean finally snaps, burying his head deeper in his sketchbook.
“Cas is in Malibu,” Anna says after a long stretch of silence. “He’s… visiting.”
This is edited but unbeta'd - all mistakes are my own!
But Dean’s eyes narrow as he grabs Castiel’s arm and drags him further down the beach, away from prying ears. Jody is still watching them curiously, but she allows them their privacy and heads up to the boardwalk to talk to the girls.
Everything is better if he just pretends that Dean never slept with Aaron, but after their conversation the other day, Castiel can’t let it go. He can’t shove it aside and lock it away anymore. Even with Aaron confirming the constant pattern of Dean’s infatuation, Castiel can’t understand how Dean can be so
Dean can feel heat climbing up his neck and into his face, because he can remember too. That accidental kiss that maybe wasn’t so accidental, but Cas doesn’t know that and he doesn’t
Castiel glances at her. “Well… he’d say no.”
“Oh please,” Dean scoffs. “I’ve done the crush conversation with Jo and Pam and Garth, but I’ve never gotten to do it with you, so come on.” Dean nudges her elbow and wiggles his eyebrows again. “Spill.”
Dean cocks an eyebrow. “You sayin’ you wouldn’t mate me if I asked?”
“Gabe,” he says. “You studied marketing before you dropped out, right?”
Castiel blinks at them for a moment longer, contemplating this. Everyone at the resort pronounces the town’s name the same way he does, but considering so few of them actually go out and converse with the locals, there’s a definite chance that something has been missed along the way. “Oh. I apologize.”
"Eleven," Sam answers, and Castiel starts to say no, because an evening alone has to be better than hanging out with a group of children, but Sam continues, "But there's a bunch of us there. My brother's fifteen, so y'know, we're all different ages."
it. That's fucking sick, right?" Dean laughs softly, shaking his head. Cas's eyes are taking over his vision, soft and blue and comforting, and Dean closes his own eyes to get away from it. "Cas, I'm fucked up."
“You can’t ask. You’re in heat.”
Dean furrows his brow, carefully studying Cas’s face. It’s not a very interesting story: Lisa had ended up in both Dean’s biology and geometry classes. He took the opportunity to get to know her better, and to befriend her, and her friend Victor in order to have a better idea of whether or not they were dating each other. It took four months of harassment and teasing from Charlie, Jo, and Pam for Dean to finally work up the courage to approach Lisa during lunch and invite her out for ice cream. Luckily, she had already decided that she found him charming, and happily accepted.
“You never had any weird dreams about Jo? Or, y’know, other girls?”
“Fine.” Gabriel rolls his eyes. “You really think he’s worth another chance?”
Cas is just pulling himself off the ice when Dean appears, and they exchange awkward smiles before heading to the locker room to remove their skates, then back into the main lobby. Dean hands his skates to Cas and gestures to the return desk. “I think I’m done for the day, how ‘bout you?”
Dean laughs brightly. “Is Ellen okay with that?”
Aaron sighs as well. “Won’t you just… take a walk with me, or something?”
Dean frowns; in the rising sunlight, Castiel realizes Dean’s eyes are a light summer green, and his face is covered in sun-kissed freckles. “Then where are you staying?”
“ -but unfortunately this is the best we can do.” Michael pretends he never heard Castiel’s outburst, so Castiel swallows everything else he wants to say. There’s no point if he won’t be heard. “You don’t have to
“Yes, I do.” Dean gently pushes Castiel out of the way. “Just go.”
Dean blinks himself out of it and stares at Cas, who almost defiantly meets his gaze. There’s a hint of pink on Cas’s cheeks, but it’s nothing compared to the storm brewing in his eyes.
A car turns into the lot just as Castiel is finally approaching, and in the darkness it takes a moment for Castiel to recognize the behemoth as Dean’s car. Panic shoots through him at the realization, so strong that he actually considers continuing his run until he gets back to the resort, no matter how sick he gets because of it.
“What?”
“I got into a fight with Lisa today.” Dean glances at Cas out of the corner of his eye, but Cas just blinks blearily at him, waiting for more information. “It was about you.”
“You’ve always been kind of a loner, is all. Even when I got you on the track team-”
“Look at that smile,” Lucifer says, poking Castiel’s shoulder and chuckling to himself. “Where did you meet the lucky guy?”
Dean takes it and studies the drawing of Catwoman kissing Batman, then glances up at Charlie, a little smile playing at his lips. “I dunno. I guess it’s okay, if you like Catwoman with Batman. Doesn’t she kiss Ivy in this too?”
“I don’t care.” Cas’s hands drop, gripping the bedspread. Now he’s almost rocking, his gaze still focused on the floor. “I don’t want anymore fighting, okay?”
“So does Charlie.” Castiel shrugs. “Sorry for stealing your girls.”
“I’m sorry, Lis, really, I just…” Dean trails off, unsure of what to say. He doesn’t want Lisa to have any idea of what it is he does for Alastair, but that leaves him without any excuses or a chance to really apologize. “I’ll make it up to you, I swear.”
It’s not just the hangover, either, though that’s certainly nothing to laugh at. It’s the plucking at his memory, digging through the night before, remembering how he’d let Lisa get drunk, how awful he’d been to Cas, how he and Lisa basically had sex in front of an audience. The horror he feels, as he realizes he can’t remember if they’d used a condom or not, is honestly making him more nauseous than anything else.
Suddenly, Dean’s not worried about Cas anymore. He turns to stare at Lisa, even as everyone else at the table stares at him.
They’re the only ones in the Roadhouse at this time of day, except for Dean over by the jukebox, and Jo’s mother, doing paperwork in the back room. Pamela had already gone over Charlie’s palm, but she hadn’t been quite so flirtatious then. Castiel clears his throat and shrugs,  which just makes her smile stretch as she flips his hand over again, eyeing it carefully.
Castiel slams his book shut and tosses it onto the coffee table. Anna snickers, but only until Cas turns around in his seat and throws his legs into her lap. “Get off me,” she protests, pushing at his ankles. He settles in further, deliberately pushing his weight onto her.
Bela stops walking, turning to study Castiel. She crosses her arms over her chest, and while Castiel impatiently waits for her response, he takes the chance to appraise her as well. She’s dressed down tonight, but still lovely in white Daisy Dukes and a dark green t-shirt that sits invitingly on her curves. Castiel tilts his head, suddenly intent on the contrast between her golden skin and the white denim, and it’s only when she snaps her fingers in his face that he realizes she was speaking to him. “I’m sorry, what?”
“I want to give you one of these.”
Not that the omega had seemed to mind. If Castiel remembers correctly, the scent of an alpha can help an omega in heat, and his little foundling had actually come around on his own once surrounded by soft, warm blankets and the odor of… whatever it is Castiel smells like.
Dean only just stops himself from slamming his bedroom door, and he has to stop and take a moment to breathe before he makes his way down the stairs. The yellow envelope with Mary’s last wishes in it is sitting on Dean’s desk. Just thinking of touching it makes him ache all over, but he has to. Someone has to.
“Dean says you’ve got big dreams.” A brown seal slaps the water, and Castiel just manages to jump out of the way before acquiescing to the obvious request for more fish. “Do they encompass being able to perform random acts of kindness?”
There’s a cliche about something making your heart melt, and Dean thinks he understands what it means when Cas fixes him with a grateful smile. Dean’s insides go all warm and he can’t help smiling back, until he realizes they’re standing in the middle of the lobby grinning at each other like idiots. That’s when Dean gently pushes Cas off towards the return desk, mentally shakes himself, and heads off for the Sbarro’s by the entrance.
“Fourteen.”
“Cas, please, just… we can’t pretend it never happened!”
“No!” Sam nearly knocks the bowl of popcorn over as he crawls up the bed to sit closer to Castiel. “Though that explains how he got his autographed first edition! He won’t let me borrow it, so I’m not totally caught up yet!”
It’s okay that he thinks that way, as long as he never says it aloud.
After a little bumping, and someone yelling ‘Ow!,’ Meg’s voice finally comes back on the line, sounding a little out of breath. “Sorry, what were we talking about? Oh yes, Cas being a little shit.”
alphas, care about that. Frankly, I don’t. Your strength and will impressed me from day one, Dean of Winchester, and I would be happy to mate you, if you would have me.”
And Dean doesn’t really mind the community service, either. It’s just another job, the way he looks at it. He’s helping people, making the world a better place. He’s actually reached a point where whenever his mood starts to turn dark, he wants to clean the house or bake until his head clears, rather than getting drunk or beating someone up.
Castiel has a million questions in that regard, but he supposes Jess might be able to answer those as well. Instead, he tries, “Do you know many of the refugees?”
Dean closes his eyes and moans at the thought, and doesn’t even warn Cas before he leans over and takes Cas’s dick into his mouth. Cas yelps, both hands immediately falling into Dean’s hair, gripping like a lifeline as his hips undulate into the damp warmth of Dean’s mouth. Dean doesn’t even mind. In fact, he kind of enjoys it; Cas is always so collected and calm, and sometimes Dean worries that he’s missing something, that Cas is holding back and using double-speak that Dean doesn’t understand. This is better. This is Cas letting go, and it’s the only thing Dean wants.
Castiel’s head is spinning, trying to figure out what this all means. “Gabriel,” he says sharply, “what about Lucifer?”
Castiel closes the front door behind him, and can hear voices in the kitchen. Whispered words of contempt towards Jody, towards Castiel’s new friends; soft shock at the thought that Castiel chooses to spend time around these people,  and concern that they will corrupt him.
Dean blinks at him, then smiles slightly. Logical and honest, as ever. It fills his chest with butterflies, and Dean likes to think that he hates finding out all those cliches are true, but a very small and secret part of him loves the feeling.
“I haven’t peaked yet,” Dean says. “I want to eat.”
Mary pets his head again and smiles. “It’s not too late to fix it.”
Now it’s Dean who crosses his arms, his expression smug as he thoughtfully adds, “That’s
It's only now, with the lull in conversation  that Castiel realizes there's still music playing; he had heard it when Gabriel dropped him off, but now he's close enough to actually listen to it, to realize...
Lisa pulls back, laughing softly. Dean can’t believe how good she looks like this, her lips red and shiny, and he yelps when she reaches behind him and slips his phone out of his back pocket.
Dean squeezes him back and whispers, “I know.”
“I know, and I’m-”
“What is it?”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “What movies did you see?”
“Yeah, yeah, he’s been through enough today,” Charlie says, waving the tension away with her hands. “Tell me, Anna: what can you recommend on the room service menu?”
Honestly, Dean is happy to leave them thinking that that’s it. The whole point of his kiss with Cas was to take attention away from Charlie’s wish to kiss Jo, and if that means sticking with the scheme even at this point, if it means his friends look at him a little differently, then he’ll take it. For Charlie’s sake.
He thumbs through the pictures, smiling to himself as he goes from five year-old pencil sketches of Batman, to more recent paintings, explosions of color and light that still manage to take shape in recognizable forms. Castiel particularly loves a portrait of Charlie, her hair a brilliant red as she cradles the Earth to her chest, her skin painted in the purples and blues and blacks of the night sky, dotted with stars and constellations. Charlie had been the one to text him this picture after her birthday in December, just to brag about it. Castiel didn’t see a reason to bring her down by showing her all the versions of himself that Dean has drawn over the years, especially since her painting is particularly beautiful.
Dean opts not to answer, shoving his food away to rest his head in his hands instead. It’s too early for this, and he has too much to think about to worry over grades he can’t change. Mary sighs, apparently realizing that she’s lost Dean to his headache.
Staring into white brilliance, Dean sees Cas’s eyes. Dangerous and sad, electric blue like a fallen angel, like a thunderstorm over the ocean.
It’s like Castiel’s sex drive is a very rare type of wood, and only Dean has the right kind of match to light it with. Maybe someone else could make it catch, but they would have to struggle quite a bit more than Dean has ever had to. All Dean has to do is press his teeth against the skin of Castiel’s neck, leave it pink and sensitive, and keep pulling Castiel closer like he can’t be close enough, even though Castiel can already feel Dean’s heartbeat pounding against his own. For Dean, Castiel is just that easy.
“I’ll worry about that in twenty years,” Castiel says. “How many girls have you kissed?”
“Sure.” She shrugs, looking anywhere that isn’t Dean’s face. “I mean, he is still talking to Charlie and Jo so he’ll definitely want to see them, and he knows they’re your friends too, so if you happen to be there, he can, y’know. Deal with it.”
"Too bad," Meg drawls, but everyone ignores her.
“Would it make a difference?” Dean pointedly refuses to look at Jo. “If he doesn’t want to hang out with nerds, then he doesn’t want to hang out with nerds.”
.” Dean just shrugs, unsure of how to respond, and that’s when she does the strangest thing.
“Yeah, when we were twelve.” Castiel can practically hear his eyeroll. “We held hands and kissed a few times and awkward danced at middle school socials. It was dating then, but it’s not dating now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s smart,” Castiel comments casually, and he doesn’t look at Dean as he climbs out of the backseat and stretches in the cool night air. He waits until he hears Dean slide into the driver’s seat before he gets back in on the passenger side, and stares out the window at Jody’s car as Dean pulls back onto the road.
“Stay.” The word hangs in the air as Castiel’s hands drop, as all the fight seems to go out of him. Still, he hesitates, so Dean shifts, trying to push himself up, but he can’t. The heat is starting to burn again, his cock is already hard, and Castiel’s hands twitch at his sides. “Please.”
“I really need a shower.”
“This is your problem, Dean,” Castiel says. “You don’t
Next chapter is mostly just tying up a few loose ends, so hopefully it won't take too long, and then it's time for part five. Can you believe it? We're halfway done! Part five will probably be a lot more like this chapter, lol, so even though I'm not the biggest fan of fluff, I am looking forward to a nice break before part six destroys everything. I hope you guys are too - it'll be a nice change, I think.
Sonny studies the canvas as well, thoughtfully stroking his moustache in a way that might be creepy if Dean wasn’t already so fond of the guy. “Sketch is good,” Sonny says absently. “You’re still a little locked in those comic books, but you’re working your way out.” He glances at Dean’s pallete and frowns. “What’s the blue for?”
He hits the gas, hurrying home, where he buries himself in his room with his sketchbook, unable to stop drawing. The same picture with minor changes, sketch after sketch after sketch until Dean is satisfied. That evening, before dinner, Dean calls Bobby with an important question.
“There you are.”
“Then how did you... ‘manage?’”
When he opens his eyes, Hannah is watching him with concern, but she’s stayed several feet away, her body poised to run, and Castiel chuckles to himself. However grateful she is, she remembers exactly how he freed her too.
“That’s why I didn’t tell him,” Charlie says smartly.  “And you better not either. Both of you.” She turns an accusatory glare to Castiel, who quickly shakes his head.
“What is all this?” Castiel asks as his brothers approach, as Dean’s friends retrieve something from a large box.
Hannah nods once, then turns and continues on her way down the hall. Castiel turns back to Jess, who’s studying him suspiciously.
Dean approaches him and nudges the cup gently. “You got booze in there, young man?” he teases. Cas rolls his eyes, which just makes Dean laugh.
But then Hannah swings the door open, and Dean is standing there, the smile on his face slowly transforming into confusion as he attempts to process what he’s seeing.
“I messed up this morning,” Dean starts, and Gabe laughs derisively.
Dean pushes her away and rubs at his side while Lisa giggles unhelpfully. “What do you want, Joanna Beth?”
Dean’s still drunk, but his head feels clearer as he finally takes that seat Victor was offering him, and he smiles crookedly at Victor and Lisa.
“That so?” Dean challenges, only realizing it’s a trap once the words are out of his mouth and Cas breaks into a grin.
(See the end of the chapter for
And so on, and so on.
If Dean feels a hot bit of satisfaction at the hurt little look on Meg’s face, well, nobody needs to know.
Dean doesn’t take him to the mural, however. He leads Castiel around the side of the building, and pulls a key out of his back pocket to unlock a door. He smiles at Castiel again before tugging him inside, closing the door behind them.
And before Castiel can figure out what that means, Dean has grabbed the collar of his soaked t-shirt and dragged him in for a kiss. There’s a faint groan of exasperation behind them, but Castiel ignores that because Dean’s kiss is gentle and sweet, perfectly chaste. Castiel brings his own hands up to cup Dean’s face, and can feel the resulting hum vibrating through Dean’s throat, against his lips, but Dean doesn’t make any moves to change the nature of this. Which Castiel appreciates. And at the same time, it makes Castiel want more.
You should know, being in Dean's head did a number on mine, especially at the beginning, and so writing this part was very very difficult. I questioned a lot of my decisions along the way, and I don't think I've been so critical of my own work since I started writing again, three years ago. So if you enjoyed this installment, please let me know. Comments and messages mean the world to me, and you guys and your interest in this beast of a fic are what help me move past what's going on in my head and keep working. I sincerely appreciate every single one of you and would love to hear from you :) Thank you for being a part of this journey. We're almost halfway there!!
“Jo wanted to have a bonfire.” Teeth dig into Castiel’s neck, and he tilts his head in acquiescence. “I told her I’d think about it. Why?”
.” Dean takes a shaky breath. “I’m already here, so.”
The Blackberry is ringing in his ear before he even realizes it, and a breathless “Cas?” ends the ringing before Castiel can change his mind.
Going out onto the boardwalk turns out to be even worse. Dean doesn’t have a line of hungry customers to distract himself with, so he finds himself actively searching for Cas within the crowd.
Castiel frowns to himself and scents the air. The omega has a horse, but there’s no one else nearby. What omega in their right mind would come this far out when their heat is about to hit? They’re lucky they ran upon Castiel, who at least knows how to keep omegas cool and comfortable without using his knot. Another alpha may not be so kind.
“I can’t do that. I can’t break the deal.”
Castiel cringes, but Dean just smiles wryly. “He’d have to ship it out from Kansas, if he did, ma’am.”
“A haircut is an option,” Bela says innocently. “You look so much better with that neat, military cut.”
“Like he’d let you.”
“It’s just Charlie,” he says, flipping his phone open and pressing the end call button. “She can wait.” He leans in, pressing featherlight kisses to Lisa’s jaw, only for Lisa to giggle and shake him off when his phone starts vibrating in his hand.
. Even when Castiel was dating Meg, Balthazar would tease him about how strange and distant their relationship was. And when the jokes picked up in full force after Balthazar found out about the break-up, Meg was completely unhelpful, at best only smirking along, and at worst joining in to taunt Castiel, even though she knew better than anyone why Castiel was so frigid.
“So… you’re done?” Anna asks. “No more tours and red-eye flights?”
“In your dreams,” Charlie mutters, throwing on a cheeky grin when Jo turns to glare at her.
“You’re welcome,” Sam chirps.
“Oh, I never said he was forgiven,” Castiel says, the corner of his lips turned up. “I said I wanted to move forward. Working towards forgiveness.”
For several moments, they don’t speak. Dean stares straight ahead, and Castiel watches the ground, but they walk in step, going who knows where.
The artwork in this chapter is a commission by
Maybe Dean should just go buy a new phone. Get a new number. Pay As You Go phones aren’t that expensive; he can spare twenty bucks just to ensure that Alastair finally leaves him alone.
Everyone except Lisa snorts at the same time. Charlie is shaking behind her book, and Jo clamps a hand over her mouth, though that fails to keep her eyes from glittering mischieviously. Dean remains confused until Sarah rolls her eyes and nudges Sam. “Are you suggesting your brother make out with
That probably had something to do with Dean, but Castiel decided a long time ago that he would be keeping Meg and Dean firmly separate in his mind, because it only causes trouble when they mix.
She raises her eyebrows and gives him another sweeping glance, and Castiel silently congratulates himself for throwing her off balance as well. To her credit, she quickly covers it up with a smile. “Lucky boyfriend.” Castiel finally laughs softly, and her smile grows. “I’m Mildred.”
,” he says stiffly.
Dean is leaning in now, genuinely curious. “And your dad?”
And the tears start to fall. Castiel fights them, puts a hand over his face to hide them, but then Anna starts to cry outright, and Gabe pulls them both in, holding them as they cling to him.
“You couldn’t make it easy on me and stay in the bungalows again, could you?” he teases, his voice rough enough to make Cas’s eyes flicker with concern. “That lady downstairs was watchin’ me like a hawk.”
Sam shrugs. “Dad can’t pretend you don’t exist if you’re standing right in front of him.”
“Just don’t turn into Becky and we’ll be okay,” Dean says dismissively. “Not to change the subject or anything, but you should check that out,” and he gestures over his shoulder. Down by the water, two small figures are standing close together, hands clasped. The taller shadow leans into the other’s face, and Dean is practically beaming. “That’s my boy.”
Castiel huffs, filled a sudden fondness as he blindly reaches for the first canvas. To his surprise, it’s a self-portrait, as is the one underneath. He’s never seen Dean draw himself before, and it’s somewhat shocking to see how Dean sees himself while the real thing is cheerfully tapping his foot against Castiel’s knee. The first portrait is soft and green, with Dean’s eyes, lips, and freckles exaggerated. It’s saccharine and strange, straddling the line between childlike and sexual, and even though Castiel isn’t sure where this version of Dean came from, he’s still horrifically fascinated by it, by the overwhelming forest of eyelashes and the plush pink lips.
Dean’s not sure what she means by that. He’s not sure he’d understand it even if he was sober, so he just stares at her in confusion as they approach the tree line.
“Too bad I hurt my own mom in the process,” Castiel says softly. Dean makes a face, rubbing a hand over his mouth.
Castiel shakes his head, smiling to himself. “Are you fifty? You do realize you can get music for free online.”
He trails off, unsure of how to explain this. Castiel has proven himself to be very level-headed and in-control, but now his parental instincts might be kicking in, and who knows how he’ll react to the thought of losing his omega
so what do I have to be jealous of? In fact, I’m actually glad that you have him. He looks out for you.”
“While I’ve got you here,” Cas says slowly, sounding nervous, “I wanted to make a suggestion.”
Dean winces, and grudgingly takes a small bite of bacon. Mary smiles encouragingly, so he takes a few more. His head is pounding, so painful he can almost hear it, and he rubs a hand over his eyes just for a few seconds of relief. Mary just rolls her eyes. “Suck it up, buttercup. You got yourself into this mess.”
“You’re gay,” he shoots back. Bela bristles.
“That’s fine,” Castiel answers quickly. “Whatever works best for you.”
Cas exhales slowly, shoulders slumped. “Yeah, I do. I have a lot to think about, and I can’t do it with you around.”
Honestly, Dean’s surprised that Cas hasn’t followed Lucifer’s lead at this point, considering how his brother and mom would rather cage him up than let him socialize with people he actually likes. He almost says so, but catches himself, and instead goes down another train of thought. “Why’d you call me and not Bela?”
Dean raises his eyebrows. “What?”
“It’s really him,” Cas sighs. “He was glad to hear from me and wants to stay in touch, but he doesn’t want me to tell our family.” He runs his hands over his face, then sits up. “How do I keep this from my mother? She doesn’t talk about it much, but I know she’s still worried.”
Not possible. As soon as Dean’s punishment is up, he’ll be expected to be back out with Alastair, and he can’t do any part of that job sober. And if he wants Alastair to leave his friends alone, then that’s what he has to do.
“Point.” Aaron sets his own bag and a cup of coffee down before reaching to open the parasol stuck in the center of the table. “This is probably a good idea in that case.”
“We had this conversation, Dean! And besides, you don’t have to worry about Alastair anymore, he-”
. I watched that movie with Balthazar.”
“What do you mean?”
Dean smiles softly and runs a hand through Castiel’s hair. “When I was, like, seven or eight, I was playing in a tee-ball game. Sam was too little to join, so he was playing on the playground nearby, and Mom was trying to keep an eye on him while also cheering for me.” He huffs, eyes skyward as he draws this moment out of his memory. “She took her eyes off him for just a little too long, and he fell off of the jungle gym, flat on his back.” Dean imitates the sound of skin hitting dirt, and Castiel winces in sympathy for poor little Sam. “Got the wind knocked out of him, and scared the shit out of him, which just made it worse.” Dean laughs again and shakes his head. “I can still remember his red face, with the tears running down his cheeks, but he wasn’t making any noise.”
“A drawing.”
This is a familiar story. Castiel huffs out a laugh. “Did you?”
Dean hesitates. He’s still reeling from all the information he got from Missouri, still trying to familiarize himself with the terms she gave him. He spent a good chunk of this morning on MySpace, switching his Orientation between Straight and Bisexual, before eventually just deciding not to list it anymore. Then he used Google to see what kind of gay porn he could find, but freaked out before he could even decide if he enjoyed it, erasing the history before Mary or Sammy could see it.
Dean smiles, reaching to cup Castiel’s face in his hands, pulling him in and leaving a kiss on his forehead. “Do you want to take the car?”
He slips past Hannah as she stutters an apology, borrowing her candle to light the lanterns around the room, then closing the shutters on the window. “I wasn’t thinking how this visit might look,” Hannah mumbles, putting her hands behind her back. “I apologize.”
you’re kinda cute. No charge.”
But he doesn’t know how to fix this, and he doesn’t have a clue what will still be there if they do manage to figure it out.
“I know it’s probably a little cliche, because of your eyes,” Mary says apologetically, as Castiel runs a hand over the shirt, surprised at how soft it is. “But the only other color they had was yellow, and that seemed worse.”
Dean starts to speak, but cuts himself off with a gasp when Castiel presses up close, their torsos and hips slotted together. He wiggles slightly, but Castiel holds him firm, and that’s when Dean grins.
Charlie gives him a wan smile, then turns to stare out the window. The way the hair around her ears flutters when she moves is entrancing, makes Dean’s hands itch for a pencil, to try and capture the movement. He wonders if Lisa’s hair moves that way, then wonders why he doesn’t already know.
But sometimes, he can't help worrying that the way Michael and Lucifer fight, with teeth bared and claws drawn, will permanently damage their family. Leave them scarred and broken. It's possible that Lucifer's threats to leave are just bluster from an arrogant boy, that Michael's taunts to go ahead are the same, but Castiel dreads the day may come that he wakes up to find his brother lost.
Still, he huffs a quiet thank you, pulling his hood tighter around his face as if to protect himself from his memories. “I don’t wish to discuss it just yet.”
Dean pretends to think about it, humming softly as he shifts his weight onto one leg and studies the ceiling. “If you’re gay, does that mean you don’t want to cuddle up with me anymore? ‘Cause that’s gonna be a dealbreaker, sorry to say.”
Locks click and the door opens on Dean’s pouting face. He’s pulled his paint-stained pajamas on, and has the television playing cartoons as Castiel steps inside and sets the bag down on the bedside table. When Castiel turns around, he sees Dean giving him the same appreciative once-over Mildred did, but there’s a lot more heat and intent behind it that forces Castiel to suppress a shiver.
Finally, Dean nuzzles deeper into Cas’s neck and mumbles, “Probably a little late for this question, but where’s Anna?”
That time, Castiel does laugh. Dean beams, pleased with himself.
Granted, this moment is born of the previous winner of the stupidest-thing-Dean-has-ever-done award, but it’s still stupid. Wandering around in the woods for the fifth time in as many days, trying to figure out where, exactly, Castiel’s cottage is, because finding it on purpose is apparently not as easy as finding it by accident.
He’s supposed to be passing out plates of food and non-alcoholic beverages to people, and the line is long enough to keep everyone busy. Jo is helping Dean, while Bobby passes out beer, and Ellen takes their money. Pam, Garth and Victor are out on the boardwalk, passing out menus and coupons. This is actually the kind of situation that Dean thinks he should thrive in. Like painting, like cleaning, like baking, it’s something that he can focus on and let his mind relax. He can smile and pass out plates of food and bottles of water. That’s not a problem.
“Well, we’re not going home,” Lisa says, swinging her legs over the tailgate. She stumbles when she slides off, laughs at herself, and forcefully pushes Cas away when he reaches to help her. “No thanks, buddy. C’mon, Dean.”
“You’d think you’d never been kissed by a girl before, Pinky,” he teases. “Or are you just worried about what Sarah’d think?”
, the card reads, and lists an address in Skokie, just like Mildred said. Castiel doesn’t really need a job, but it could be a fun place to hang out on weekends. “Thank you,” he says, tucking the card in his pocket before waving at Mildred. “For the ride, too.”
The situation isn’t helped when Bela comes by again that evening around dinner time. Michael, still smiling like he just became leader of the free world, invites her to stay, but she politely refuses, instead asking to speak to Castiel for a moment. That proud look graces Michael’s face again, as Castiel follows Bela out to the porch, but Castiel ignores it, shutting the door in his brother’s face. “He’ll probably be trying to listen in,” Castiel warns her. “So maybe we should take a little walk.”
The film features RuPaul. At a rehabilitation camp.
: to lick Cas’s navel, to see how soft his belly is, to play with his nipples and see what kind of noises he can make. Dean’s hips buck instinctively, and Cas whimpers, reaching his hands up to pull Dean back in for more kissing. His hands gently cradle Dean’s face, and Dean slides his hand higher, dragging Cas’s undershirt up with it. Cas’s muscles twitch under his touch, and Dean chuckles softly, moving to nuzzle his nose against Cas’s flushed cheek.
He waves before taking off through the grass, apparently no longer concerned about the trail left by his bike tires. Castiel chuckles to himself as he watches Dean go, then turns to head back into the bungalow. It's been a long, exciting night. A couple hours of sleep are better than none, especially when he's facing an afternoon with Bela Talbot.
“Nope, this is my sanctuary, and that band name is terrible, so their music must be terrible.”
“Did you kiss somebody else?” She asks quietly, eyes searching Dean’s face. He’s a little surprised by how obviously hurt she is, just at the thought, but now that he knows for sure how she feels, he can’t keep lying to her.
Dean smiles to himself, letting out a shaky breath. “Yeah. Thanks, Cas.” Talking to Cas always makes him feel better, somehow. Thoughts flit across his mind, about the weird dreams, about maybe he shouldn’t be letting himself get this close to Cas if it results in dreams like those. He hasn’t had any since he saw Lisa a couple days ago, but that doesn’t necessarily mean they’re gone for good.
.” Castiel rolls his eyes. “They’re going to wait for you as much as they’re going to wait for me. Soooo…”
“Mom’s ecstatic, but she’s trying not to show it. For Dad’s sake.” Dean rolls his eyes where Castiel can’t see, then sighs. “I’m not sure about my brother, though. I think at this point he’s decided the pros outweigh the cons, but he’s willing to change his mind and alpha out if he ends up not liking you.” He laughs when Castiel’s hands tighten minutely. “Don’t worry, he’ll like you. He’s still more pup than man, though, so he might be a little growly about it.”
kiss, the two of you
“If I may,” Jody says slowly, though she ignores the way Naomi’s eyebrow raises, signifying that she certainly may not. “I understand that Castiel has been out of line. Sneaking out, running off… I have a son too, and I would be just as angry if he were the one on trial here. But, out of curiosity… what did Dean do?”
Dean coats his food in layers of butter and syrup and powdered sugar, then gestures at Castiel’s empty plate. “You don’t want to eat what I made?” he asks with an exaggerated pout.
Castiel spends the rest of the day in a stupor, stunned by their good luck.
He makes it sound so simple that Castiel almost says okay. Because that’s the easy way. They can call themselves ‘boyfriends’ and hold hands and go to the movies and exchange kisses and all the other stuff they already do, only now it’s ‘official’ and apparently means something more. More
A dark-haired, blue-eyed alpha who smells like honey and garden flowers.
,” Cobra Starship
Dean blushes again, and awkwardly waves a hand in the air. "I like to read. Comics, how-to, classic lit, whatever."
thanks for sticking with me, guys! it'll be better from here on out!
“I’m not shutting you out to be mean,” Castiel mumbles.
They share a brownie after lunch, and Lisa casually comments, “I’ve never known guys to be as close as you guys are.”
"Of course."
to apologize. He needs to make this right, or he's going to lose his mind.
“Probably not.” She shifts her shoulders again and sighs, watching as Cas finally turns his back on the mural and heads back to her side. “It’s still a pretty good painting, though.”
By the time Castiel has found his gate and taken a seat to wait, it’s almost 9 A.M. He stares out the window at the dissipating fog, then pulls out his phone, gently rubbing his thumb over the screen. He knows that, on a typical weekday, Dean should be awake by now. He knows that Dean likes to take his shower as soon as he rolls out of bed, then heads upstairs to start making a nice breakfast, which is ready by the time Sam gets up for school, so they can at least have that meal together. Then Sam goes to school, followed by soccer practice in the fall, or lacrosse practice in the spring, and Dean goes to the garage, occasionally followed by shifts at the Roadhouse.
Castiel grunts as he gets to his feet and inhales again, following the smell to its source. It becomes clearer the closer he gets, ripe fruit and a hint of something spicy, and his instincts perk up with interest. He grits his teeth and shoves that down, surprised at himself; he’s never had this trouble when he took care of omegas before. Granted, Anna is his sister, so of course he was less than interested in her scent, but those other omegas at the brothel hadn’t attracted his instincts that way.
“Ky’s in love with Jensen, right? Since he’s an angel, he won’t be able to understand loving him unless he’s human. So he’s gotta be human at some point.”
Another part thinks that Dean actually enjoys this. That Dean is secretly, deep down in his noble heart, a hopeless romantic looking for a soulmate. And Castiel hates that it’s both terrifying and comforting that Dean might think he’s the one.
Dean turns left on the interstate, and Castiel squints at him. “Are we going to Astoria, or…”
, with
Castiel blinks. “So?”
Their phones beep at the same time. Castiel squints at Bela before flipping his phone open.
Castiel laughs until he realizes what Dean’s insinuating, and he blushes pink in the candlelight. Dean almost doesn’t notice, until he does, and promptly drops his burger back onto his plate, clearing his throat and avoiding Castiel’s gaze. Castiel waits for awkwardness to settle in, but to his surprise, it doesn’t. Dean won’t look at him, but that’s endearing, and instead, Castiel finds himself warming to his friend all the more, reaching across the table to grab his attention, and smiling sweetly when Dean finally chances a glance.
Dean glances at him. “What do you mean?”
Because Dean’s happy here. Just like this.
Castiel goes quiet as he sorts through and puts away all the questions in his mind, as the line moves forward again. Mildred is next to order, and Castiel asks, “Would you like to see a picture of him?”
And to make things worse, as soon as he walks in the door, Anna turns around from her space on the couch and narrows her eyes at him, taking in his rumpled dress clothes and tired, guilty expression.
And Dean’s blushing again, his brain and heart stuttering, both at a loss for words. He had tried to avoid that conversation earlier, afraid it would be too much, but now Castiel is just laying it out there for the world to see.
“Aren’t you the one who told me that I don’t own you?” Dean says. When Cas turns to look at him, Dean smiles slightly, trying to convey that he’s only teasing, and Cas huffs.
“Dean!” Sam rolls his eyes, forcing Dean to take the bowl. “I’m not doing this ‘cause I’m scared of Ellen, I’m doing it ‘cause I’m scared for you.”
"I'm glad I met you," Castiel manages to say, as they make their way behind the short line of houses. Dean glances at him, and laughs slightly.
Mary has other plans, apparently. “No, no, hey, I wanted a chance to talk to you anyway.” She reaches up over the fridge and neatly hides the cigarettes in an old box of Triscuits, then gestures towards the island, patting one of the bar stools there. “Have a seat, sweetie.”
Dean has to think about it, which is honestly a little worrisome until he finally sighs and admits, “Just the one.”
“Not surprised.” Mary hesitates, then slowly continues: “Sam’s right, y’know. Neither of you are required or expected to forgive your dad.”
a movie about lesbians?”
Again, this is far too comfortable.
She raises an eyebrow. “No? You’re, like, a babyface.”
alpha Dean has ever met?
Dean fidgets for a moment, apparently uncomfortable, but finally sighs, letting his shoulders drop. “Yeah. Yeah, it’s Ky.” He runs a hand through his hair and tries to smile. “I know he’s new, but he’s already my favorite.”
“It doesn’t have to,” he whispers. “We know how to pretend this shit doesn’t happen, don’t we? I can walk away and never mention it, and you can do the same, and everything will keep going like it always did.” He gives up a shaky smile, watching Cas from behind his eyelashes. “We’ve done it before.”
that smell, but he doesn’t dare say so. “And it’s so strong right now.”
“Wanna talk about it?”
It’s awkward. It’s
Castiel starts nibbling on a thumbnail, but catches himself, dropping his hand to his pocket instead. “Where?”
“How does she know what you smell like?” she asks.
Dinner that night is lively and wonderful. The food is amazing, and the company even better. Sam tells Dean about their trip to the aquarium this morning, and Dean is jealous that he didn’t get to feed any seals, so Castiel promises that they can go again some other time. The brothers tease Castiel for not eating any messy wings, but Castiel doesn’t take it personally, though he does threaten to tell Dean what he and Sam talked about this morning, and Sam immediately changes the subject.
Castiel frowns down at his phone, reading the words a few times before he realizes that Dean is asking about the bungalow.
After the necessary “Merry Christmas” wishes, Castiel thanks them, sincerely, for including the Winchesters. His mother responds graciously, though she does prod him, telling him that she wishes she knew more about them in order to get more appropriate gifts.
Zeke and Cas.
And it grows. The more Dean thinks about it, the more he wonders what he’s missed, whether or not Cas has lied to him about anything from his feelings for Bela to whether or not he really cares about Dean’s poverty. And the larger the rift grows, the angrier Dean becomes.
Dean shudders. He won’t think about it. He won’t allow it to happen. Castiel is his best bet for a brighter future.
Dean didn’t have to do this. He had forgiven Castiel without even thinking about it, and Castiel was already on the path to forgiving him as well. This is just Dean being
Dean takes a sip of his coffee, trying not to be hurt or disappointed by this news. It’s already late June, so he’s a little surprised at himself - he already knew that Cas should’ve been in town a month ago. There’s just something a little different about having it confirmed. Cas won’t be coming back. Dean drove him away.
“Don’t be a chicken,” she says, smiling when he blinks in surprise. “I can’t tell you what to do about your family, ‘cause I had an easy time with mine. But Dean adores you, and he’s ready. Whatever happened over the school year, he wants to be with you now.” She squeezes his hand. “So don’t be afraid.”
It’s harder than he expected.
“I knew you’d come crawling back eventually,” says Alastair.
Like Gabriel standing up to Naomi and threatening to abandon her the way Lucifer did unless she let him use what was left of his college fund to open a bakery in New Orleans, and how Castiel was allowed to visit him for spring break, and help him make devil’s food cupcakes, and sugar cookies shaped like
in a relationship with Dean, then we need to discuss how to handle this in relation to our uncle’s brand.”
It’s the first time Dean has attempted to contact him since that night at the beach, which is unusual for him. Castiel had taken it as a sign that Dean had finally run out of patience, but now…
To his surprise, Cas actually blushes. He ducks away from Dean's touch to take a seat on the edge of the bed, long legs kicked out in front of him. "Nothing," he says quietly. "What paintings do you have here?"
“Lucky girl.”
It’s a moment too long.
Charlie laughs weakly, shifting her weight. “Yeah.”
"I won't," Castiel promises, just as he realizes he's actually going to do whatever it takes to be there. If he has to run into town and back, he'll do it. Dean is right; his family wants him to be friends with Bela, who has only shown an interest in him while he's been on the phone. Maybe it is time for Castiel to start finding and taking things for himself, to start making his own decisions.
, dammit - she deserved that much - but especially once he and Dean were back in the same space, there was no hope for it. There was just fear and longing hidden behind simpering, saccharine sentiment, designed to push Dean away.
Castiel smirks as they start up the stairs. “He’s trying to steal my man.”
He keeps stroking through the aftershocks, until Cas slumps against his chest and his own breathing starts to even out. That’s when Dean wraps both arms around Cas’s shoulders and holds him close, not caring about the mess on his hand, especially since Cas’s shirt is probably already ruined. Cas sighs softly, returning the gesture and they stay like this for a few long moments, just breathing one another in.
-us.’”
Dean shudders, and when Lisa removes her hands, he’s assaulted by that blue gaze once again, trapped in it, all the more so because Cas is situated between Dean’s thighs, smiling that mischievous smile as he skims his palms over Dean’s stomach, sweeps them back down to his thighs. The wings go up, inexplicably huge, covering the three of them like a canopy as Cas presses a kiss just below Dean’s navel.
“You’re not okay,” Dean mumbles, their feet crunching gravel as they approach the building, and something in Castiel snaps. He turns and shoves Dean, who stumbles but doesn’t fall. “The hell, Cas?” he yells, eyes wide.
“Too obvious.” Dean leans over to press a kiss to Castiel’s cheek. “Gee whiz, you sure know how to treat a fella, Cas.”
“Did you really like Lisa?”
“Do you ever wish we could’ve had a normal relationship?” Castiel asks, distractedly playing with Dean’s fingers. “That maybe if we lived in the same town, this wouldn’t be such a mess?”
“No reason,” Dean says. “Sorry if I bothered you.”
Dean is in love with Cas.
“Is she back in town?” Cas answers, eyes on the ceiling. The fan blades are spinning above their heads, keeping the air moving and adding a low-volume hum underneath the music. “Mother flew out to Louisiana this morning, and Michael’s in Portland for the rest of the week, so whenever Lisa’s ready, so am I.”
“I told you when I got here, I only had penetrative sex twice,” Castiel begins, “but I didn’t tell you why.”
Once they reach the stream, Castiel gently sets Dean down on the embankment, before sliding into the water. He hesitates before resting a hand on Dean’s knee and smiling at him. “Are you okay to come in with me?”
Cas frowns. “What makes you think that?”
you’ve got going on, they’re wrong.” He chuckles again, eyes directed skyward. “I know this sounds weird, but I probably know what Dean’s feeling better than he does. Or at least better than he could explain. And I want to share that with you.”
But it’s hard to turn off. He’s in painting class later that day, and his head is so full of new information and new questions that he can’t focus on his artwork. Both unfinished canvases, of Mary and Sam, and of Cas, are leaning against his stool, but he's too afraid of ruining them in his current state to actually work on them. So he stares at a blank canvas, trying to think of something new, but nothing is coming to mind.
Mary is sitting in the lobby, and she smiles as they approach. "Did you bring it?" Dean asks, bounding forward. Behind him, Missouri tsks.
“He’s not coming,” She says, reaching over to intertwine her fingers with Gilda’s. “But Meg wants to get out, and he said she’ll probably bring Bela.”
Anna makes a face and shuffles closer to Castiel. “Your feet are disgusting,” she shoots back.
“Dean!” She almost sounds surprised that he answered. “Dean, baby, I’m so sorry for how I acted the other night.”
dignity, and he’s capable of protecting himself. He just needs a little distance to put the walls back up and re-examine the evidence before he decides who can and can’t be trusted.
“It’s not a big deal,” Sam says with a shrug, turning back to the window. “We just decided we were better friends.”
“I’ll pay for gas,” Jo offers.
Castiel pushes himself away from the table, chair screeching against the concrete. The rain is still coming down, and he doesn’t even care. His heart is pounding, heavy in his ears, so hard that he feels dizzy for a moment. Aaron relays all of this so glibly, like it’s no big deal, like he didn’t get to have all the little moments that Castiel didn’t know he wanted.
“I love you, Dean,” she says after a long moment, “but we need to break up.”
Castiel tilts his head in confusion. “You guys drink?”
Between all that is blackness. Emptiness. Dean prefers it that way.
He almost misses Dean’s wince, but he does catch the way Dean awkwardly tries to shove a few other canvasses back out of sight under his bed. Castiel frowns at Dean, then kneels to grab those canvasses himself, and is surprised to find they’re just flowers. Nothing fancy or unusual, just… pretty flowers.
In the quiet, as Castiel finishes undressing, he replays the evening in his head. It helps to soothe the tension out of his shoulders, and by the time he collapses into bed, he’s smiling at the memory of Dean holding him close and singing about love in his ear. Within moments, he’s asleep. Dreaming about a Victorian-style home with a fireplace, Dean’s paintings on every wall, and a hardwood floor where he and Dean can relive that dance whenever they like.
Her eyes narrow, and Dean braces himself for a fight, but to his surprise, Charlie just storms away without another word, her hair a cloud of red against a bright blue sky. Cas sighs softly as he watches her go.
There comes a moment, as their laughter dies down and the tide draws out, where Dean’s gaze softens and that shot of heat that Castiel had ignored earlier starts to bloom again, his heart skipping a beat. Dean shifts slightly, and Castiel has two thoughts at once.
And in an instant, something changes. The light looks different, the room feels warmer, and Castiel anxiously runs his palm over the blanket when Dean gasps a little laugh in his ear.
"Dean," and Castiel has to pause, has to try and think of a way to have this conversation without sounding like he actually believes in what he’s saying, “Dean, did you hear Michael? The
“I won’t take Dean away from Winchester,” Castiel promises, voice soft. “And I would never be half the king he could be.”
"I'm still sorry," Sam pouts. He's covered in dirt and sweat, and his mother nudges him as she passes.
about our shit, I want us to handle problems
It’s Cas.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, lips twitching up in a smile. “We were just admiring this mural. I don’t remember seeing it here before.”
Dean moves his hands down to Cas’s hips, kicking the door closed before guiding him across the suite. He needs to taste every corner of Cas’s mouth, and he can’t do it like this, so when Cas’s knees catch the edge of the bed, making him lose his balance and fall onto his back, Dean’s immediate response is to climb on top of him, bracketing Cas’s thighs with his knees, then leaning back in to pick up where they left off. Cas doesn’t seem to mind, and even hums appreciatively against Dean’s lips, which just sends all kinds of sinful thoughts into Dean’s head, making him shudder and his cock starts to thicken in his boxers.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Bela drawls, cutting him off. “We get it. You’re also in love with Dean and you’re jealous that Cas got there first, get over it.”
Dean immediately turns to Castiel, which makes Missouri focus on him. Castiel fidgets, picking at his fingernails. “No problem,” he says quietly.
Dean sighs heavily, lifting his head to glare at Charlie. She blinks innocently at him, crossing her legs and resting her chin in her hands like she didn’t just ask about something she knows Dean hates discussing.
Frustrated, Castiel turns to Dean, who stares back at him in surprise, mouth full of pork. “I would like to court you, Dean, if that’s alright with you.”
That’s more than Castiel could say, and that stings. Quite a bit, actually. He tries not to let himself wonder if Jo was trying to fix Dean back up with Aaron, and clears his throat. “Then what can I do for you?”
As Dean attempts to process this upheaval of his own reality, the rest of the party splits up. Sam starts picking up wrapping paper and plastic, and Mary heads to the kitchen to start reheating leftover snacks from last night for lunch. Castiel, after being shooed away by Sam, takes the opportunity to head outside to the porch to call his parents.
Dean sighs, looking away. The sun has fully set now, casting Dean’s face in gray and silver tones, and Castiel remembers that first night they met, just over a month ago. Before Castiel knew just how colorful Dean could be. When Dean had been just a boy with potential, and Castiel a stranger without direction. And it’s so strange, because whatever draws Castiel to Dean, whatever that warmth is, it feels like it’s been there forever, just waiting for the right person to unlock it.
“We can discuss this some other time. It’s Christmas.”
Because it’s weird to have recurring sex dreams about Cas. And it’s weirder still to have them just after having sex with Lisa. But at least he can fantasize about Lisa and get off thinking about her. And at least he still enjoys actual sex with her.
And just like that, it’s as if they weren’t just trading their family secrets back and forth, as if the shared moments of pain had never happened. They’re stomping up the stairs to take the television away from Sam and watch yet another movie, just like they have on afternoons prior. But something’s changed in the way Dean looks at Castiel now, and Castiel is fairly certain that it’s a good thing, that it’s reflective of their shared knowledge, and shared trust. If he could just figure out what, exactly, has changed.
“You need to stop going out with those people,” Charlie insists. “For your own good, Dean.”
Dean is expecting a kiss. That’s what happens in the movies, after all, and he even lifts his head to grin expectantly at Cas. There’s a kind of suspension about this moment, that makes it feel wholly separate from real life. Not quite dream-like, but they both seem to have reached an agreement not to worry about what happens, at least not yet. This is further proven when the corner of Cas’s lips twitches, and Dean jerks in surprise when he feels hands sliding into the back pockets of his jeans, pulling him down to grind their hips together again. Dean bites his lip to hold back a groan, but it escapes as an even more embarrassing whimper, and Cas laughs outright before leaning up to seal their lips together again.
Cas hesitates. “Are you drunk?”
to trust you, what you did with Aaron just…”
Finally John turns away and says, “No need for that.”
It’s late, now. His family must be in bed, but Castiel is still reading, drowning himself in magic and owls and characters that will never leave him, that will always be there, on these pages. His phone buzzes next to him, drawing him out, and he blinks, confused, before picking it up.
Still, as they pull into the parking lot and Charlie is forced to park between a Lexus and an Audi, Castiel realizes that he’s never brought anyone up to his room before, except Dean. He and Bela once played on the beach with Charlie, but that was as close as she got.
“Castiel,” and Castiel has to refrain from rolling his eyes. He’s very tired of being spoken to like a child, of hearing his name in that placating tone. “As much as I understand that you have friends here, you have gotten yourself into a lot of trouble this summer. You can come back next year, and see your friends again, but for now, I think this is the right decision.”
Lisa is silent for a moment before she hums softly into the phone. “Well. Since we’re made up. What are you doing tonight?”
Jo sticks her tongue out at him, but they all jump when a sharp voice comes from the back: “That better not be Dean Winchester swearing in my bar!”
“I know,” Dean answers curtly. “You don’t need to work the guilt angle. Mom already did that.”
“Why not?” Jo pouts, reaching out to take Lisa’s hands. “Come on! Help me, Lisa Braeden, you’re my only hope!”
Cas does the same, and even avoids touching Dean’s fingers when he passes it over. “The mural you painted, next to Bobby’s shop…” He trails off, silence filling the kitchen, with tension on its heels. Dean can feel it, sitting heavy on his shoulders, crackling in the air behind his neck, and he knows that he can’t tell the truth. God only knows how Cas would react to what Dean has just learned about himself, and Dean would rather they remain friends than lose him forever.
“It’s not ruining his life,” Castiel argues, but she holds out a hand and shakes her head again.
Dean just wants to crawl in a hole and die.
you did for me.”
-...”
Dean smiles to himself, mixing paints in an attempt to find the perfect shade of blue. Cas will be in town for both the Order of the Phoenix movie, and the Deathly Hallows release. Those will be some nice opportunities to spend some time together.
wanted to know about sex, or my brothers having sex, but I guess putting up with that is just part of being a little brother.”
“Thanks for including me, Sam,” Castiel says flatly.
“Enough partying, maybe,” and that’s
Cas stops rocking. His jaw tightens and his shoulders go stiff, just before he says, “I don’t like confrontation.” And before Dean can say anything, before he can even grasp what’s happening, how quickly the scene changed, Cas is up the stairs and out the door, and Dean is left alone, hurt, and confused.
After a moment, Dean blinks rapidly and takes a breath before reaching for the remote and putting the movie on pause. “You said you fell in love with me at the concert,” he murmurs. Castiel shakes his head.
Dean scowls, throwing his rag across the room and missing the laundry bucket by a good foot and a half. He groans, dragging his feet as he goes to retrieve it. “Well since
Dean turns to look at Cas. “She only got mad when I told her which guy I’d kissed.”
"Okay," Dean agrees, shifting his items to one arm so he can use the other to pull Cas forward and press a kiss to his cheek. "I'll call you later, if that's good with you?"
She glances at him again, clearly annoyed by his unwillingness to give her real answers. But, soon enough, she’s smiling again. “Then this will be quite an adjustment for you. There’s a whole team of worker and servants and cooks and knights and scholars who are in and out of the castle all the time.”
Dean calls that afternoon, as promised. Unfortunately, it's while Castiel is sitting in the kitchen with Bela, watching her fix her make-up. He'd rather be doing anything else, especially sleeping (and if he can get away with it, he might fall asleep right here at the table), but again, his mother and the senator have decided their children should be friends and shooed them off on their own, completely oblivious to the fact that Bela and Castiel have nothing in common outside their wealth.
“How much pizza do you have when you’re gone all day?” she asks, studying him with suspicious blue eyes. “That sounded like a phone call to a close personal friend.”
Actually, the Impala stands out amongst tiny sports cars and top-of-the-line, environmentally-conscious models; there are a few other classic cars, but they’re put to less use than Dean’s, and are almost certainly maintained with less love. Castiel still likes her, but he likes her for a lot of the same reasons he likes Dean, and knowing that only makes him like her more.
thing he wants, to risk losing his girlfriend to his best friend, and yet when Dean finally comes, that’s the image seared on his eyelids: Dean sinking into Cas as Lisa settles in to Cas’s tongue.
He needs time and distance to figure everything out. Then he can talk to his family, and he can talk to Dean, and then maybe things will be better.
Castiel needs better friends.
either."
It’s Gabriel’s turn to raise an eyebrow, and he opens his mouth to say something, but Anna returns just then, and the opportunity is lost.
“Alright.”
Dean hasn’t told anyone about what happened last night. He figured it might take attention away from Jo, since this weekend is supposed to be about her birthday. Lisa’s not even here; she’s spending several days in San Francisco with her mother, so it’s not like she can tell him not to talk. Still, he fidgets in his seat, unable to wipe the grin off his face, to the point that Cas keeps frowning at him and kicking him in the shins.
He and Lucifer are hardly close, but the truth is, when Castiel started ninth grade, he had struggled to find his place in a new hierarchy. The boarding school they attended split the youngest students from the oldest, and throwing a quiet, studious boy like Castiel in with the rowdy upperclassmen was like throwing a lamb to the wolves.
-----
Butch Walker
, right?”
Dean shrugs. “I think I’m adorable.”
He sounds genuine, looking at Dean as he speaks, and Dean just waves the words away. “I told you, we’re good.” Gabriel opens his mouth to speak, but Michael quickly grabs his arm and starts dragging him away.
“What’s up, Sammy?” Dean asks, busying himself by digging in the drawers, pretending he’s getting ready to make dinner.
“Oh, what are you doing?” She sounds excited, and Castiel glances at Dean, who’s still frowning.
Tonight, however, is turning out to be particularly unbearable. Anna, who usually finds company with Castiel during the blow-outs, has just retreated to her room, and Cas can hear Kelly Clarkson singing faintly through the wall they share. Hopefully, the music is keeping Anna from hearing most of the arguing; tonight has moved beyond veiled threats and into genuinely cruel insults, and Cas is pretty sure he just heard a plate smashing against a hard surface. Which is really just going to infuriate their mother, seeing as they don’t own any of the basic furniture in the bungalow.
“Then okay.”
Dean frowns, eyebrows furrowed. “A double date?”
Dean needs a
, and he can’t bear the thought of losing him.
“You’re gross and sweaty, don’t touch me,” she whines. Then, for some reason, she turns back to Anna and mumbles, “Sorry.”
“Is Charlie a redhead?”
“My point still stands.”
"Why not?" Cas responds. He's focused on a sketch of Sam in his soccer uniform, hair pulled back as he chases a ball across the field. Dean loves that sketch so much, he can't bear to attempt finishing it and risk ruining it.
Dean snorts. “Who’d want to buy my stupid paintings? Half of them are of you, anyway.”
They breathe in tandem as they come down. The room is cold, and Castiel shivers, so Dean rolls back over to his bedside table, grabbing a few tissues to clean them with before pulling their pants back up, then lifting the blanket to their chins. Dean hums then, pleased, and buries his face in Castiel’s sweater, making more happy noises as Castiel lazily plays with his hair.
Maybe he can’t. Maybe he really did take things too far this time. Cas is his best friend, the one person he’s really and truly been able to trust recently, and Dean practically spat in his face. One of the best things in Dean’s life, and he pushed him away.
Dean sputters, but it quickly becomes a hearty laugh as he winks, and Castiel grins back.
-----
“Please,” Charlie scoffs, “only happy endings for my captain!”
Dean swallows, but manages to keep his face free of emotion. Castiel nudges Dean’s side. “What duties?” he asks when Dean turns to him.
"I wouldn't mind," Castiel says honestly. "Except the sake part. That's definitely not my thing."
Dean stares at his plate, chewing the bacon without tasting it. A drunken fuck-up just like Dad. Too late to stop that train.
Sam wolfs his down before running upstairs to do whatever it is twelve year-olds do by themselves, and because Dean knows Sam will be hungry again in an hour, he quickly cleans the kitchen and puts the leftovers in a bowl in the fridge, just enough to keep Sam from tearing the pantry apart before dinner. Cas watches all of this with a little smile, and insists on cleaning his own bowl.
Dean wakes up.
warning for: dean leans toward a bad headspace a few times, but he sticks with his coping mechanisms and pulls himself out :) also we earn our rating in this chapter!!
“I can do that,” Castiel agrees, and before Dean can process it, Castiel’s other hand has pulled him in for a searing kiss.
cheating,” Dean snaps, though his grip on Castiel’s hand tightens. “You said yourself that we weren’t together.
Castiel nods dumbly, and wishes that Dean could see himself like this. That small, hopeful smile, freckles dashed charmingly across his nose and cheeks, his skin lit up golden as the sun descends towards the horizon. If Castiel were a painter, he’d paint this picture every day, of Dean leaning in to kiss him and looking like some sort of angel, lowering his head for prayer.
Castiel doesn’t even have to think about it. He can feel the honesty in his own voice and the affection in his smile as he answers, “Yes,” and all their baggage and their fights don’t matter. Because Dean understands Castiel in a way no one else does, and what he doesn’t understand, he works at until he does. No one else has ever put that much effort in for Castiel, and while there may have been missteps on the journey, big and small, Castiel still feels lighter around Dean than he does when they’re apart. That’s happiness, and Mildred seems to recognize it too.
“Required?” Castiel repeats drily.
Thank you all so much for your patience! I hope it's worth the wait!
, Michael!”
Bela pauses in her defense of Slytherin house and smirks when Dean tugs on Castiel’s arm, dragging him across the sand to force him to dance one more time. Castiel flips her off, even as he’s trying to keep up with Dean. He’s pretty sure she returned the gesture, but he can’t be certain, because Dean is twirling him around, and there’s heat and smoke and laughter, and who cares about Bela as long as she’s behaving herself?
Dean is lightning- hot, his skin sparking everywhere Castiel touches him, and Castiel is torn between tearing himself out of bed, away from temptation, and pulling Dean closer, rutting against him until they both come.
Dean whips his head around, eyes wide and jaw slack. Castiel meets his gaze, unsure of why this is a surprise. Didn’t they have this conversation just a few months ago?
Up until about halfway through the movie.
Dean clears his throat. Castiel is pretty sure that, in better lighting, he’d be able to see a very pretty blush on Dean’s cheeks. “Because,” Dean begins, pauses, then tries again, “Because that’s kind of what it feels like when you look at me, sometimes.”
Dean moans so loud he wakes himself up.
is the one who called the cops.”
-----
“Sorry,” Dean mutters, leaning back against the couch cushions, spreading his legs out underneath the coffee table. “Sorry, I didn’t… you don’t have to answer that.”
This is the kind of moment where Dean thinks that maybe he should go ahead and tell Lisa he loves her. Because in moments like these, he’s pretty sure he does. When she’s smiling softly at nothing, her honey-brown eyes trying to take in as much of the scenery as they can - Dean included.
There are kids and teenagers and people of all ages everywhere. Some of them are in costume, playing trivia games, while others seem content to sit in little groups, chattering about the spoilers they have or haven’t seen online, or all the things they want to happen in the final Harry Potter book.
That’s how Dean ended up here in the woods, searching for a sweet-smelling alpha and trying to ignore the way his stomach is rebelling against the long, bouncy ride on a horse.
So it’s an oddly-sweet smelling alpha, who
Jo rolls her eyes again, but relents, letting Gilda draw her into a conversation about audio workstations and editing programs. Pam briefly meets Dean’s eyes, giving him a slight smile tinged with sympathy, but Dean turns away from her, shrugging her off.
“It doesn’t matter how you justify it, Dean,” Castiel cuts him off. “Whatever you tell yourself to make it okay, it doesn’t matter. It
“I wasn’t going to invite you,” Dean spits suddenly, still staring stubbornly out at the ocean. “You’ve made it pretty clear by now that you don’t want to be around me, so-”
go out alone again.
He means to bring up mating. That is part of why he came to fetch Castiel, after all. Hoping that they could get to know each other a little better and get mated and bring the pup into a happy family. Give Dean’s father a reason to keep him in Winchester and on the throne.
Dean puts his phone away, tucks the note back inside his book, and turns the key. The engine rumbles to life, and Dean smiles to himself as he pulls out of the resort parking lot.
that, he
“It’s okay if you--”
Dean hesitates, then chuckles to himself. “She’s hot. I get that. She’s a bitch and you have nothing in common except your trust funds, but hey, she’s hot, so why not hit it and quit it?”
It's a
Castiel is about to ask what’s going through Dean’s head, but as soon as he tilts his own down, it’s to see Dean grinning at him just before he swallows Castiel’s dick. The
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, seeing right through Dean’s attempt at humor. That’s when Dean realizes he’s been standing in the middle of the boardwalk, staring intently at a stack of menus, completely unaware of the crowd around him.
“Really?” asks Charlie, at the same time Jo chimes in, “I thought for sure you’d be a Duck or a Beaver.”
Dean furrows his brow, then exhales and shoves his hands in his pockets. Bela is still grinning and Victor is still smirking and Dean feels like he’s missing the vital information required to be in on the joke. The joke is that Dean’s unlovable, isn’t it? At least in a romantic sense. They’re both laughing at him for thinking someone might be in love with him. Bela’s waiting for him to ask who she knows so she can laugh in his face.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, “it doesn’t have to be you or Sam. You don’t have to keep making these sacrifices.”
At least Dean can do this. At least he can make his girlfriend feel good, put that smile on her face. And it makes him feel better, for a time, to hold her and pet her hair and feel all her warm skin against his own. Lisa’s breathing is still heavy, as she nestles into Dean’s chest, and he pulls her closer, buries his nose in her hair and tries to memorize that smell, let it surround him. Sweat and coconut and some kind of floral perfume, but mostly sweat, and that’s okay. As long as she’s here, clinging to him, pressing possessive little kisses against his collar, then everything is okay.
For a moment, Castiel just takes in the view, and when he turns away, Dean is smiling fondly at him, relaxed back against the leather seat.
Panic explodes in his chest, but he quickly pushes it down. No. He can’t be gay. He had sex with Lisa, and he liked it. A lot, actually. And he’d like to do it again. Many, many times. He likes eating her out, likes the way she tastes and the noises she makes, and he likes touching her boobs. If he was gay, he wouldn’t like
. That was such a stupid thing to do, but the urge to take care of a distraught and nervous omega had overwhelmed him. Granted, it’s better to give into those instincts than the other ones, but it’s still embarrassing.
“I’m… I have a lot of problems.” Dean grins sheepishly, shrugging slightly. “I’m working on it, but I still fuck up. A
They stay like that for a few moments, until Dean catches himself dozing off. Not the best idea on the back of a horse, so he clears his throat and searches his mind for topics of conversation.
“You ruined everything,” Dean says. Cas furrows his brow and opens his mouth, but Dean plows on before he can speak. “There’s nothing keeping Alastair from going after Sam anymore, your snitching pretty much broke the deal-”
“It’s winter break anyway,
“That’s not true.”
“Or something,” Charlie shrugs.
“Hey, girl,” Dean says, stroking his hand down her neck. Her ears twitch. “Do you remember where Cas is?”
Charlie announces that it’s time for games, and anyone who wants to play has to join her in the basement. Cas sighs, “That’s our cue,” and shakes Bela off his shoulder to follow Dean and Charlie downstairs.
“Old enough to get a job and help Mom keep food in the house.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. He’s been training with knights since he was big enough to hold a sword. That training didn’t suddenly disappear just because one morning when he was thirteen, he woke up in a puddle of his own slick .
His phone buzzes in his pocket as he steps out into the cool evening air, but he ignores it, taking off through the parking lot at top speed. His ears are ringing and his skin is thrumming and his mind is whirling and it’s easy to shut it all off as he focuses on the slap of his shoes on the sidewalk and trying to regulate his breathing. The sun is below the horizon now, just a small glow casting pink and purple into the skyline while a few heavy clouds hang in the distance.
He wants to protect her. But he can’t do that laying on a beach.
“You’re not even dressed yet!” Bela scolds, stepping past Lucifer to approach a shell-shocked Castiel. “Did you forget?”
Naomi lifts her chin, studying her children, as Castiel immediately panics about how much she heard. He forces his face to remain neutral even while terror runs rampant in his head, because if he’s lucky enough that she didn’t hear anything about dates or sex or Dean, then he sure as hell doesn’t want to tip her off.
Dean is a
“I don’t even know who Ross and Rachel
Dean blinks, then nods, affectionately dragging his knuckles over Castiel’s cheek. “Sure. Any requests?”
“Same for you,” Lisa says earnestly. “I mean, honestly, I’m sorry it took so long for us to get together. Dean didn’t shut up about you all year.”
There’s a haze around him, but otherwise he looks pretty normal, for a guy who talks to horses. Dark hair, light eyes, handsome face, and fully-dressed in what looks like cotton and deerskin. Dean chuckles to himself, which makes the alpha pause.
he? How dare he act like Castiel is overreacting. How can he
An empty, gnawing feeling grows in Dean’s stomach, climbing up into his chest and out through his arms and shoulders. He’s a terrible friend, setting Jo up like that. He’s a worse boyfriend, kissing Cas all the time. He’s a shitty, untrained artist and a poor student and he didn’t even know his little brother had broken up with his first girlfriend. What good is he for other people? Even when he tries to help, tries to get better, he fucks everything up.
Dean glances at the parking garage as they approach, but passes it with a sigh, heading for the drop-off curb. “You win,” he says. Castiel doesn’t respond, but he doesn’t feel like he won, either.
“Sam’s not here and my mom is working.”
“My family’s money doesn’t define me.” Castiel rolls his shoulders, trying to focus on his carrots, trying to prove something to Dean. “I’d rather not be alienated for it.”
“Just these. It’s tradition.”
“I don’t know,” he mumbles, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. “Could be anything. Convince me to go after a certain major. Take a specific roommate. Who knows?”
The Seaside Cafe is a little white building located on the boardwalk, with large, blue-trimmed windows and a patio that allows patrons to overlook the beach. Castiel’s first plan had been to sit outside and wait for Aaron, but the sky is grumpy gray again, and it starts to rain just as he arrives, so with huff of annoyance, he decides to go ahead and wait inside.
“Are you jealous of little Castiel?” Lilith purrs. “Pretty angel stealing all your girls away?”
Dean frowns. “You’re not over Jo?”
“Three of a kind.”
He’s perfect.
Dean finally pulls the blanket off and glares at Sam before rolling out of bed. “C’mon, Cas,” he says as Sam’s face lights up. “You can help.”
“Cas is a fucking liar, just like you said,” Dean offers, voice raised just enough to make Bela’s eyebrow twitch.
. Dean is a
Dean blinks. “Uh…”
Castiel turns away from the window to see Jess walking away, towards yet another door that leads to yet another staircase. “Tell anyone what?”
“That’s not the way it works. You know that.”
Castiel moves his hands to cup Dean’s face, gently running his thumbs over Dean’s cheekbones. Dean blinks at him, confused, as Castiel leans over to press a soft kiss against Dean’s lips.
“I just thought, with people coming into town-”
“Friends don’t lie to each other!”
Finally, the omega mumbles something, and Castiel pauses his movements. “What was that?”
She explains the different sexualities, but tells Dean that it’s okay if he doesn’t want to label himself yet. In his head, he thinks bisexual makes the most sense, but he had always thought that was something girls called themselves to turn guys on, so it’s hard to get past that. Not to mention, he’s never thought about other guys before Cas. So is he really attracted to
“No. My father introduced us.” At this, Cas’s smile turns sly, and he turns and leans in to whisper in Dean’s ear, “You know they’re making a Supernatural TV show, right?”
Dean parks on the gravel lot across the street from the Roadhouse, and as he’s walking towards the door, his phone goes off again. He doesn’t even look at the caller ID before answering: “I’m literally five feet from the door.”
Dean drops his head onto Cas’s shoulder and mumbles, “Thank you.”
Dean chuckles and relaxes right into Castiel’s touch, like it’s the easiest thing in the world. Castiel envies that, wishing he could always do the same. Even right now, initiating affection all on his own, it’s hard to get comfortable and resist that urge to pull away. He still doesn’t understand where this comes from, but over the past few days he’s found that if he pushes through the initial discomfort, it eventually goes away, and he and Dean can quite happily cuddle in together for hours.
Castiel bites his lip, then sighs. “Okay. I promise.”
“You’re the one who shut down in the middle of the conversation,” Castiel responds, much less accusatory.
Hell, maybe Dean could have realized his feelings for Cas earlier, talked him out of dating Meg, and welcomed him with a kiss.
“Do what?”
So he pushes himself a little harder, trying to fight the wind threatening to push him off the sidewalk. There’s a golden light and a gravel parking lot just ahead, and he’s pretty sure that’s where the pizza place is.
Dean watches her, and it occurs to him, for the first time, that he really
Once, several years ago, Dean made an off-hand, semi-serious promise to take Castiel to Cannon Beach in Ecola State Park, to see the Haystack Rock featured in
“What was that for?” Dean asks, because he’s smart and perceptive.
“No.” He’s
“You are a self-centered piece of shit, did you know that?” she says, nose wrinkling as if she can smell Dean’s sins leaking out his pores. “You’re so focused on your own problems, you never bothered to ask Cas about his. You just jerked him around, let him be there for you when it was convenient, then skipped off to fuck your sweet-faced little doll of a girlfriend and never had a thought to what Cas felt like in the aftermath. Fuck that!” She practically spits in his face, her hand gripping his t-shirt tight enough that he can feel the collar digging into his neck. “Like you’re such a perfect friend, Dean? Like you’ve never kept anything from Cas?”
Dean frowns, standing up a little straighter. “What?”
“You okay?” Dean’s eyes are soft and green, and his fingers are gentle when they brush through the hair at Castiel’s temple. The gesture releases some of the tension in Castiel’s shoulders so he can sigh and respond.
But Dean still feels like he's learned a lot. His teacher, Sonny, has taken a liking to Dean, and has done a lot to encourage his talent. More than once, he's stayed with Dean for an extra hour, after everyone else has gone, and given him tips on lights and shadows, or color theory. He's let Dean borrow books full of paintings, beautiful creations that Dean is simultaneously humbled and inspired by. And, best of all, he’s let Dean use his employee discount to buy books and supplies.
. “I’ve heard about you,” Castiel says. “It’s nice to finally meet you. You’ve helped Dean quite a bit.”
Dean presses the heels of his hands against his forehead, eyes screwed shut, trying to control his breathing. That’s the truth. That’s it. That’s all there is to it.
Castiel rolls his eyes, shaking his head. “Mother, weren’t you just trying to get me to admit that I’m gay?”
So although meeting the royal family of Winchester is nerve-wracking, to say the least, Castiel is enamored enough with Dean that he will try and brave this. Mary seems friendly enough, and though Sam is wary, he hasn’t done more than glance suspiciously at Castiel. This can’t go too badly. Right?
Then, that train of thought takes a weird turn, coinciding with Dean’s dreams, and images of Cas naked and spread out on a couch or the floor flash through Dean’s head.
“How is he?” Dean asks, when he's got his head under control. He opens his eyes to see Anna staring at him, something like concern in her eyes, her body tilted towards him. “How’s Cas?”
“Hey, anything you scuff or tear comes outta your hide!” Dean snaps, but he calms down soon enough when Castiel’s fingers trail over his forearm. It’s not often that Castiel initiates physical affection, and Dean is quick to offer his hand for holding before he resumes teasing his brother. “Okay, third base? Third base is naked hoo-hah touching, right?”
After almost two weeks, that’s an old refrain, and Castiel can only afford to be distantly bitter about it. He’s leaving the day after tomorrow, their time together is almost up, and it’s better spent enjoying what they have than regretting what they don’t.
He’s pissed. And he thinks he has every right to be pissed. He had texted Cas several times yesterday, apologizing for upsetting him, never mentioning last summer, and inviting him to join the Goonies at the
She exhales roughly. “He’s
“Cas, it’s not like that!” Dean reaches over and grabs Castiel’s hand, and his own is warm and strong and Castiel is
“Ugh, thank God,” she groans, tugging at the collar of her shirt, and that’s when Castiel realizes that both she and Benny are in white dress shirts, black slacks, and aprons. Like waiters. He can’t help laughing, shaking his head at Dean.
But Cas jerks away from the painting as if burned, turning to stare at Dean so intently that Dean can’t stare back. “Did you really?” Cas says, voice soft.
Cas goes where Dean leads, but shakes his head as they take a seat on the edge of the bed. “There’s nothing to talk about,” Cas says, as Dean sets his book on the bedside table. “Meg decided we weren’t going to work out. She flew home this morning. That’s it.”
He’s tried calling Cas a few more times, but still hasn’t gotten a response. Now, apparently, it’s Lisa going out, trying to clean up Dean’s messes, and Dean doesn’t like it anymore than he did when Cas was doing it.
Dean scowls outright. “Yeah? Date night at the country club?” he snaps venomously, though he’s not even sure why he’s so angry about this.
“I don’t want to talk about this,” Cas responds, still refusing to look at Dean. “It’s not important. We don’t have to fight, we can just… move on.”
us. For ten
Cas smiles fondly at him, then leans back into the other side of the couch, letting his legs tangle with Dean’s. The touch seems to comfort him as he takes a deep breath and makes a few clicks on the screen.
“Read out loud,” Dean offers, dragging his pencil over paper. “You’ve got a good voice.”
times, so you can shut the fuck up about it or I really will be mad.” Dean laughs and follows as Cas heads back to the door. “Do you want to stay over?”
“Are you okay?” Jo asks.
Sam frowns, still pouting, but goes to do as his brother asks, mumbling to himself the whole way. Dean pulls the door closed, then turns to meet Castiel’s eyes.
?” Castiel can’t even look at him, crushing the paper bag under his fist. “I just… I don’t understand how this even happened in the first place. Jo and Charlie say he only ever talked about me so I shouldn’t care who he slept with, but then they got so weird when you came into the pizza place, and…” He slumps, all of his anger rushing out of him in a frustrated sigh, leaving only confusion and inadequacy. “I don’t get it. I just don’t get it.”
“Miss you too,” Dean murmurs. “Meet me in a half hour?”
“You don’t
Mary had refused, point blank. She’d said she’d prefer him to focus on school before worrying about work, and if he really wanted a job, then he should at least spend the money on himself. Dean had quietly agreed.
He clears his throat and manages a few more bites of bacon before turning to the potatoes. He does so much of the cooking these days that he hadn’t realized how much he missed Mary’s meals. Even the simple ones, like this, are so much more robust than anything Dean can put together. Maybe if he asks her how she does it, what kind of spices or techniques she uses, she’ll move off this train of conversation.“Mom-”
, The Matches
“No more experimenting, right?” Dean says as he pulls away.
what it means.” Castiel huffs, leaning back on his hands to look at the moon.
Castiel isn’t great in the kitchen, but he has helped Dean with prep in the past, and it’s gone okay. However, once the batter is made, Dean cheerfully guides him to the stove and places a spatula in his hand. “I’ll dip,” Dean says, “you grill.”
, Noah and the Whale
Something angry and possessive flares in Castiel’s chest, but he takes a deep breath and pushes it aside. “That’s not what I mean. You don’t… you can’t…” Castiel sighs, trying to gather his thoughts, but there’s no point. In this state of mind, the omega won’t care about concepts like ‘consent.’ Castiel will just have to hold onto his morals, and hope that everything will be understood on the other side of this debacle. “You haven’t even told me your name,” Castiel decides to say instead.
“Sure,” Castiel responds. “Confidence is attractive. But you know what else is attractive?”
“Look, it pains me to say this, but you look really good in blue and white.” Anna moves like she wants to shove him again, but stops herself, making a face as she finally realizes he’s only wearing a towel. “Just put it on, okay? I haven’t heard from anybody yet so they’re probably running late too, but hurry up anyway, all right?”
“She always seemed really sweet, when I saw her around town,” Lisa says quietly, staring at the table. “I don’t know, though. You’re the man of the house, and I guess I’m stealing you away.”
. In the middle of his heat. It shouldn’t hurt this much. Dean gets shot down by maids and knights alike all the time, and it rolls off him like nothing, but
to be with him, and moments like this make it difficult to remind himself that there is more to this situation than just Dean and Castiel and the feelings they have for each other. Moments like this make it seem simple.
Meg laughs again. “Cas, c’mon, he’s pulling your leg-”
“I wouldn’t be so sure, sugar.”
Once again, Castiel wakes first.
“What?”
“And by the time you went into your first heat, I was probably already out on my own.”
“Yeah, well, I’m not in love with you, Joanna Beth,” Dean snaps. He makes a face at her when she pretends to be wounded, but Castiel just stares at Dean, wide-eyed. It’s not a declaration,
“I’ve never had it out of a box before,” Cas says, and even though it’s just another reminder that he and Dean aren’t exactly equals, Dean still finds himself laughing and telling Cas to eat up.
Similarly confused, Castiel casually answers, “My dad is Carver Edlund.” When Sam’s mouth goes slack, Castiel finally realizes, “Dean never told you?”
Dean bites his lip, struggling to find something else to say, but the silence stretches out too long, so he just turns on the radio instead. Jo groans when Metallica blasts through the speakers, whining, “We’re going to a
“Go on.”
“C’mon, kids, party’s over!”
“You’re the one who wanted to come.”
“Yes ma’am,” Castiel says softly. Jody’s hand moves in a soothing circle between his shoulderblades, and he closes his eyes, drinking her kindness in and using it to fuel his courage. “But Dean is my friend, Mother. They all are. We don’t cause any trouble, we just… watch movies and talk about books and play games.”
They think he has a crush on Cas. Like gross, gooey, romantic feelings.
“You sayin’ you’re in love with my potential?”
“Right.” A half-hearted little laugh bubbles up from Castiel’s throat. “Mother and Michael don’t care that Dean’s a
That’s the hardest part, to be completely honest.
It’s like nerd Christmas at the Barnes & Noble in Seaside.
“I want to,” Castiel whispers back, because how the hell could Dean possibly think that anyone could say no to a request like that?
“I’m going to kick the ball around with Sarah and Andy, wanna come?”
“You’re not being alienated, I’m just teasing.” But Dean sounds somewhat apologetic as he sighs. “It’s… okay. My parents got divorced when I was six. Technically, my dad should be helping out, but for various reasons…” He shrugs, his voice dropping. “He doesn’t. Or can’t. It’s a little of both. Just. Yeah. Mom has to work to keep the house and keep us fed and sometimes Ellen and Bobby help out, but we try not to lean on them too much.”
“I thought you’d enjoy a movie about lesbians,” She says, quiet and frantic.
. Whatever Castiel said yesterday, about anger doing something for him, was stupid. Anger doesn’t do anything compared to Dean being all soft and domestic and caring about Castiel’s well-being.
For the first time since he met her, Mildred frowns, pointedly reaching up to drop her own bag on top of Castiel’s. “You can’t be bringing Dean cold eggs and bacon,” she says matter-of-factly, and Castiel has no choice but to follow her as she navigates through the tables to the door.
“Are we actually having this conversation?” Castiel asks, fighting the urge to smile.
Silence sits heavy in the car as they drive back to the resort. Dean keeps glancing at Castiel, but Castiel won’t give him the satisfaction of looking back. Plus, he knows that it’ll just give Dean an opening to ask him what’s wrong, and if anybody is going to start this conversation, it’ll be Castiel. It’ll be on his terms.
Castiel hums. “So it’s a surprise?”
“Dean-”
“There’s something else you should know, Dean,” Mary continues, apparently unaware that this information has already turned Dean’s head upside-down. “That asshole, Alastair? He was arrested and charged last night. He’s been up to a lot more than you know about, and Jody said he’s facing at least five years in prison.” She smiles, running a gentle hand through Dean’s hair. “So you don’t have to worry about him anymore.”
“Every one of them.” Cas grins, his teeth glowing in the light of the Roadhouse behind them. “Even the Ewok you sent me for Christmas. Uriel especially liked that one.”
. In fact, that’s the best fucking idea anyone has ever had in the history of
“I will. Thank you.”
They fall silent, letting the music swell and take over, washing the room in guitars and drums and noise. Dean’s foot starts to twitch in time, until Cas’s foot stretches over to press against him, forcing him to still. It’s comfortable, the two of them laying side by side on the bed, Cas’s toes pressed up against the arch of Dean’s foot.
“They didn’t even kiss in the rain, they kissed in the
“Dean,” he says, giving up and turning the portraits around. “What… what are these about?”
It’s cold enough that he can see his breath in the air, but once he takes off and gets his blood pumping, the chill on his face hardly matters. It feels good to sink back into this headspace, where he doesn’t have to worry or think, he just has to put one foot in front of the other, and only has to listen to his heartbeat. Daphne likes to run with music, but Castiel has always preferred a meditative quiet, one that allows all the anxiety in his head to float away, unable to keep up with his speed.
-----
“Watch where you’re going, Napoleon!” she snaps, brushing invisible dust off the sleeves of her leather jacket. Dean frowns, fumbling to get the kegs back in a good grip. Who the hell wears a leather jacket in July anyway? Oregon ain’t exactly Arizona, but it’s still warm.
Dean tightens his jaw, clearly holding back words, and nods stiffly. They jaywalk to the stand, and Castiel steadfastly continues to avoid looking at Dean.
Dean takes a rather large bite, leaving Cas to ask, “What do you mean?”
“Best I’ll get is work at Bobby’s garage, maybe some shifts at the Roadhouse. Why shoot for more when I know I won’t get it?”
With that, they go back downstairs. The kitchen is now occupied by Mary, already working away on Christmas dinner. Dean is stretched out on the couch, plates of sandwiches and leftover snacks from last night spread out on the coffee table before him as he watches an action film, though he sits up to give Sam and Castiel room to join him and share his bounty of food
He’s been bitter for a long time about his family and how they don’t show any interest in him, but now that Naomi and Michael both seem to have decided to make up for their mistakes, Castiel is coldly rejecting their attempts to be there for him.
“Seriously, I get it, I don’t want to push you if this isn’t what you want.”
called
Dean sighs again. “Okay. A
“She might as well be,” Dean spits. “Your family actually likes her, it’d be easier to spend as much time with her as you want. She dresses nicely, her clothes never have holes in them, so you don’t have to be embarrassed about who you’re hanging out with.”
“That’s pretty tragic,” Dean mutters, but he grins when Cas gives him a playful glare.
of that actually happened.
“Hey!” And Castiel freezes, halfway out the door. Michael’s voice continues, “Where the hell do you think you’re going?”
Castiel swings an arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him tight against his side. “Gotta keep my guy happy, right?”
Anna blows a raspberry at the ceiling. “Don’t be a killjoy,” she says. “We still get to be on our own for a while. We can do whatever we want!” She sits up, beaming at him, even as her red hair spreads spidery with static behind her. “We can order room service and watch bad movies and stay in our pajamas-”
“I’m not sure if now’s the best time for something like this,” John says. “I mean, Adam’s right here.”
He doesn’t know much about Victor’s personality or his sense of humor or his relationship with Dean, but for some reason it doesn’t surprise him that yet
“Just give it a shot! What do you notice?”
Dean’s stomach lurches, and he has just enough time to reach the patch of bushes that Castiel emerged from, before he vomits his breakfast all over the grass.
“At the Roadhouse?” Castiel says, sliding into the passenger seat and biting back a smile as Dean rolls his eyes.
But that alone doesn’t put them on the same page, and the mature part of Castiel knows that. There are things Dean doesn’t know about Castiel’s botched attempts at sexual experimentation, and it’s only fair that Castiel opens up about everything before they consider trying what he wants to try.
“Your dad?”
“You’re awesome,” he mumbles.
. No alpha has done this for Dean of their own volition, and most of them only do out of obligation, which is clear in the clinical way they approach it.
Some of them are actual hard copies or canvases that Castiel just snapped a picture of for safekeeping, while others are pictures that Dean proudly texted to him, artwork that Castiel will never see in person because Dean still likes to give them away, no matter how much Castiel and Benny and Sonny tell him to hold onto his paintings for a portfolio or gallery.
“Cas does, though,” she says finally, and her quiet voice almost seems to echo in Dean’s ears. “Cas cares a lot.”
“Well, I do have a girlfriend now.”
But Castiel doesn’t know. The words just came out, and now that he’s said them, he realizes they’re true… but it’s just another thing he needs to sort through on his own. If he tries to talk about it now, he can’t be sure that he won’t say something wrong, something that will just drive them further apart.
“No it’s not.”
Cas chuckles quietly, which makes Dean smile. Charlie leans up against his shoulder, peering down at the drawing. “Is that Clementine?” she asks.
a woman? He’s gonna save the world, but that doesn’t mean he’s earned a girlfriend.”
Castiel really does intend to keep his promises to Dean, to talk to him and not to run away. So whatever Aaron wants to say, Dean doesn’t need to know just yet. It’s not as important as making sure tonight is perfect.
Dean sighs, grabbing Castiel’s wrist and dragging him up the dune. “It’s like 5am, there’s no one out right now, don’t be a pussy.” When they pass the others, Dean waves cheekily. “Jo, can your mom take Sam home?”
“Maybe that’s for the better,” Cas says slowly. Dean frowns.
Castiel grins, self-consciously running a hand through said hair, pulling it out to its full length. “I like yours,” he offers, gesturing to Sam’s own tousled mop, which isn’t too much longer than Castiel’s. Behind them, somebody snorts, and Castiel turns to see Jo shaking her head at him, with Charlie grinning next to her.
“It was fun,” Michael interjects, sending Gabriel a reprimanding look. “It sounded like a nice gesture, and I was glad for the opportunity to make things right with Dean.”
“You stink,” she says, wrinkling her nose.
“Stop fooling around,” Azazel snaps, practically pushing the boy into Dean’s space. “We have a deal.”
But at the same time, he’s right. The longer Dean waits, the less chance he has of convincing Lisa to keep trying.
“So I guess I’m just… sorry. For everything.”
Cas opens his eyes, and Dean has to blink a little to readjust to that astute gaze. “No,” Cas says slowly, thinking about it. “Not exactly. But, were I to find one, I can’t promise I could be as bold as you.”
Anna’s watching when Castiel looks up, so he immediately presses his phone to his chest and glares at her. She wrinkles her nose. “I don’t want to see your dirty texts to your girlfriend anyway.”
Because yes, Castiel is avoiding Dean now, but they always come back together eventually. Castiel is weak, and he’s accepted that about himself. However far he tries to run, he always gets pulled back into Dean’s orbit, and that’s just how it is. But how will he manage to see Dean again if Naomi is around all the time? He can’t just shove her off on Anna.
“Maybe it’s time for a change,” Cas says quietly, and in his proximity, his nose brushes against Dean’s, who exhales in surprise. He tries to lean away, but ends up almost losing his balance, until Cas releases his hands and wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, tugging him even closer. “Dean,” he says, biting his lower lip. “I don’t want to talk about this yet. I’m not ready.”
“I like your hair,” he says, and Jo can only blush and giggle, covering her face in her hands. Dean laughs at her, shaking his head.
Finally, she lifts her chin and gives up a cocky little half-smile. “You tell me, Dean,” she says. “I mean, he was your boyfriend first.”
“Everybody, this is Cas,” Jo says, gesturing to him. “He’s a tourist, but he seems okay. For now.” The last words carry a bit of a threat, and Castiel tries not to shrink under it. “I’ve gotta get back to DJ’ing, but you can go hang out with Charlie over there, and she’ll take care of you.” Jo claps him on the back, hard enough to send him stumbling forward, though he tries to cover it by pretending he was heading towards the red-haired girl on the other side of the fire pit.
So maybe these dreams are just the result of confused and overactive hormones after all. Nothing to worry about.
Dean nods quickly, which makes Lisa smile. She puts a hand on Dean’s arm, guiding him back towards the bed. Cas looks up as they approach, his wings twitching, eyes sparking with electricity, and it reels Dean in. He can’t look away, even as he crawls onto the bed, as Lisa gently draws a hand down his spine.
“Oh, I traded some shifts around so I could take you and Sam to the aquarium in the morning,” Mary explains. Her eyes shift towards Dean, who looks away, and once again Castiel wonders if Dean rejected opportunities to reduce his workload while Castiel was visiting. And, again, he sets that aside until a better time.
“Well, I’m waiting for my order anyway, so…” The boy takes Dean’s empty seat next to Castiel, without invitation. Like he knows everyone well enough that he doesn’t need one, and Castiel’s stomach twists again. “It’s been a while. How are you guys?”
“Are you okay?”
Castiel clenches his fists and gets to his feet. A little fresh air will do him some good.
Castiel scoffs and brushes wet hair out of his eyes. “Yeah? Tell that to Aaron. I don’t think he got the memo.”
He’s drunk enough that he doesn’t realize he’s dialed his phone until a tinny voice comes from the speaker, saying his name and sounding uneasy.
"Yeah. See you."
-----
Castiel shrugs. “Mother says I’ll end up at least as tall as Michael.”
Benny watches them carefully, then gestures for them to lead the way, and all three of them traipse back down the stairs to the top floor hallway. Castiel is still shivering, and Benny is still watching with something like suspicion when Dean takes the initiative to pull Castiel close to his body again, when Castiel holds Dean tight. It’s a little embarrassing to be so affectionate in front of another person, but a few minutes of this is enough to quell the shaking. Castiel is still disappointed when Dean finally pulls away and gently grasps his hands instead.
"Dean, stop it." Cas shakes Dean's shoulder, then shifts onto his knees, putting his other hand on Dean's other shoulder and pulling him closer. "Dean, that girl is just fine, and none of this is your fault."
"Didn't know you had friends," Bela comments with a shrug. The kinder part of Castiel wants to believe that she means ‘in town,’ but the logical part of him recognizes she’s just being rude."Total shot in the dark, but that wasn't Dean Winchester was it?"
To Castiel’s relief, Pam pulls away, putting her hand on her hip as she glares back at Dean. “Are you actually going to let me?”
Dean ducks his head sheepishly, and Castiel rolls his eyes even as he allows Dean to take his hand and lead the way to the Impala. They had agreed to keep to themselves for a little while, because Dean didn’t think it would win Castiel any favors if they announced they were okay, only for things to immediately go sour again. Castiel keeps promising that he’s not going to run away or cut Dean off anymore, but he doesn’t blame Dean for wanting to be careful. It’s the same way Castiel feels about what happened with Aaron, after all. They’ve both made mistakes. A little caution is probably wise.
Cas hadn’t moved through that whole rambling ordeal, and it takes a few more seconds before his shoulders tense up, and he jerks his hand away from Dean’s, standing up and walking over to the window, righting the chair, then rubbing his face and he heads back to the clothes carefully lain over the back of the couch. “I can’t do this,” Cas mumbles. “I can’t do this right now, Dean, you have to go. You have to get out of here.”
“No.” Cas sniffles, and Dean wonders if he’s made his friend cry, and if so, why someone like Cas would ever cry over someone like him. “Dean, I’m coming to get you. Okay?”
“Gesundheit.”
Cas swallows and looks at the floor. “Meg broke up with me.”
“Your little boyfriend interrupted something very important, Dean,” and it’s Alastair’s voice, smooth and condescending. There’s almost no anger in it, just a sort of jovial threat. “We can’t have people thinking they can get out of paying their debts because some fool decided to play hero.”
It’s sweet, actually. A few pecks here and there don’t really count in the long run, but Cas is trying so hard, and Dean has no idea why but it’s still nice. Maybe he’s just doing it for the sake of putting on a show. Either way, and Dean laughs against Cas’s lips as he thinks this, maybe some kissing lessons can be arranged. Just for Cas’s sake. If he keeps growing, keeps broadening out, stays athletic and kind and gorgeous (objectively, of course, but Dean’s not blind), he’ll want the chance to practice before he starts picking up girlfriends of his own. Dean would be happy to volunteer.
Dean pouts slightly, disappointed. The song is finally over, replaced by a cover of “I Want You to Want Me,” and the rest of his friends are still dancing. He had hoped to get Lisa in there too, spin her around so fast that the orange ribbon in her hair came loose. “Can I see you tomorrow? Before you go out of town?”
“Don’t act so shocked, Dean. Like you, I’m only fifteen.”
Naomi appraises Dean, probably noticing the same flaws Castiel now has, before suggesting, “Perhaps your father can lend you something?”
“Why not?”
The music is something Castiel doesn’t recognize, but it’s bass-heavy and slow, and he can feel the vibrations in his chest. The rhythm does nothing to correct Castiel’s rapid heartbeat, however. In fact, this kind of mood music just seems to amplify that there are certain expectations for perfection in play, and Castiel is less and less sure he can match them.
Not until about 36 hours after he left that message.
"Did you forget the part of my prom story where I was the one laughing while Balthazar and Uriel thought they were dying?"
his relationship with Cas is. He doesn’t know what it means, that they kiss and touch the way they do, even though Dean has a girlfriend, and Cas has whatever it is he has with Bela. But that’s the way it is, and whether or not it makes sense, Dean’s not willing to give it up.
So Dean dials Lisa’s number. She answers after one ring and sounds a little breathless when she says, “Hello?”
. Seriously.” She laughs softly, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder, ignoring the way his eyes go wide. “When you sent him that expensive colored pencil set for his birthday? He spent about two weeks talking about how much he loved it and how happy he would’ve been just to get a card from you. At that point, I didn’t even know he could draw!” Again, she laughs, her smile bright against the gray clouds outside.
And paints.
“Lisa deserves so much better than me.”
Their friends are on their feet now, and a bass beat is thumping out across the ocean. Jo has her laptop open, her tongue sticking out the corner of her mouth, clearly whipping up a playlist or throwing a new mix together. Dean doesn’t recognize the song that’s currently playing; it’s a little too techno and definitely too dance for his tastes. But Charlie is pulling Gilda in for a kiss, which makes Dean smile as they approach, even as he deliberately avoids looking at Cas and Meg dancing nearby.
“That is a big dream,” Castiel comments carefully. “It speaks well of you.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Spock.” But she relents, saluting him before taking off down the sand, and Castiel retreats to the restroom. He quickly changes into his swim trunks, then takes a few moments to collect himself. This will be the first time in weeks that he’s spent time with everyone; he doesn’t want to ruin it by being a creep.
“You had your brothers worried sick.” It’s only now that she seems to notice Jody, which is perhaps what helps Castiel to realize that Jody has placed a hand on his back. It’s comforting, supportive, and tension starts to slowly eke out of his muscles like the morning fog. “And you are?”
Dean tilts his head to take a deep breath, and is assaulted with the heady scent of aroused alpha. Castiel’s honey-rose smell lit up with firewood and musk, and Dean hums his pleasure. Yes. He can handle this instead of a knot. For now. Castiel is interested, he smells
It’s probably better this way. Everything between them is so fucked up and tainted at this point that it may never be repaired, and dragging it on for too much longer would just make everything worse somehow.
I'm hoping to update again by my birthday in February, before Vegascon :) keep me honest by leaving a comment/kudos, or hitting me up on
. Lisa had forgiven Dean instantly, and had even taken him out to their spot at the top of the hill and let Dean put his head between her thighs and get her off for the first time. Dean would never admit this to anyone, but hearing the soft, delighted noises Lisa made and seeing the way she smiled sleepily at him afterwards, was far better than her attempting to return the favor. And not because she was bad at it, either.
The rain pounds against the bay window, steady and uncaring. Charlie peers over the top of the DVD case, eyes wide, and Dean stays still, afraid of startling her. Thunder rolls in the distance, and Charlie takes a little breath.
“Good to know, but I kinda like it when you get all commandeering. So go for it, tiger.”
Dean stares at his mother, as the gravity of what he’s done starts to hit him. He’s done it again - treated Cas like a villain when all Cas was trying to do was help him. Blamed Cas for things that weren’t really his fault; he didn’t really call the cops, and he didn’t force Lisa to break up with Dean. In fact, not too long ago, he was trying to help them patch up.
Cas studies him for a moment, then barks out a laugh. He quickly smothers it under a hand, but the giggles are bubbling through him now, making his shoulders shake as he tries to suppress them. Dean pouts, but that just seems to make Cas laugh all the harder, and to be honest, Dean can’t be too upset. It’s nice to see Cas laughing again.
-----
“It’s Jo?” And Dean manages to suppress a wince, but he still reaches over to gently grip Charlie’s forearm, unsure of what to say. Jo is a year and a half younger than they are, and while Dean thinks he might like to see her with Charlie, that they could make each other happy, he also knows that Jo has never shown an interest in girls. At least not to him, anyway. She’d had a crush on Dean when they were younger, but outgrew it while he still lived in Topeka; other, closer boys were much easier to fall for. Granted, Jo may just not have realized anything yet, or she may not feel comfortable talking to Dean about it, but Dean can’t shake the feeling that Charlie will only end up hurt.
Dean huffs when the girl smirks at him and tosses dark curls off her shoulder. Jo takes pity on him, calling out, “We’re closed right now, can you come back later?”
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “Should I be worried?”
“Very subtle, dear,” she teases. Then, she turns to Dean with a feral grin. “Lead the way, driver.”
He wants Castiel to claim him. They had agreed no biting, but if Castiel forgets or can’t resist his instincts, Dean wouldn’t mind so much. At least, not in this state.
Dean must have gotten lost in his head again, because he blinks and suddenly Mary is standing in front of him, asking what’s wrong, brushing a hand through his hair, and Dean just can’t hold it in anymore. Hot tears spill from his eyes and over his cheeks, and his face feels unbearably hot as Mary pulls him in for a hug, gently rubbing his back as he tries to control his breathing.
Castiel’s kiss feels burned into Dean’s skin, and Dean only realizes that Castiel’s lips aren’t there anymore when he hears the alpha stutter, “Close… close?” The knot is still growing, and Castiel isn’t able to piston as rapidly as he was before, so as he resorts to grinding against all the places that make Dean moan, Dean plays his part by lifting his hips just enough to grab his own cock and pull.
But, as always, the worst part is the tick of seconds as he waits for the first reaction. Dean hopes he’ll get used to this eventually, but even in class, there’s always a sense of anxiety buzzing through his nerves as he waits for Sonny or one of his classmates to critique his work.
Dean giggles outright, covering his face with his hands. This guy. This fucking guy. Dean likes him already. “And my horse, she’s,” he takes a deep breath, “she can hold a conversation?”
“Hello?”
. I’m…” He pauses, flustered, before coming up with, “I need to look at all the little threads and figure out what they do and how they’re important before putting the big picture back together again.”
“Well hey, do you want to come out now?” Charlie plows forward, because that’s all she knows how to do. “We’re at the Roadhouse, having some snacks and being shitheads.”
“I know.” But Dean’s expression doesn’t change, so Castiel offers up his sweetest smile, gripping Dean’s arm and pulling him away from the bonfire, towards a rather physical game of frisbee taking place a little closer to the water, and leaving Jo and Victor the only ones still dancing.
“Ice cream?”
him so you wouldn’t end up fighting
time to do that
“No.” Castiel’s eyes narrow. “I mean, ‘Shut the fuck up, Dean.’”
They’re approaching the bonfire again, so Dean distracts himself with helping Victor stand up. He’s secretly pleased when Victor throws an arm around his shoulder and starts trying to recruit him for the football team for their senior year. It’s an old conversation by now, always ending with Dean saying no, but it’s a good distraction, whether Victor realizes that or not.
“Of course,” Dean scoffs, kicking his shoes into the corner. “It’s the only way to listen to music.”
overhear my conversation with Anna,” Castiel accuses.
Impala whinnies, drawing Castiel’s attention. He blinks at her, then offers up a smile.
“They seem like decent kids.” Castiel closes his eyes and sighs. His father is just trying to make conversation at this point. “What did Dean give you?”
“I’ll be here,” Castiel replies, sounding a little distraught.
“Yeah, I just got one too.” Sam rolls his eyes as they get to their feet. Castiel’s phone stays silent, and he’s disappointed even after Dean offers a comforting kiss on his cheek. Sam makes a face, which earns him a punch in the shoulder once Dean’s locked the front door.
“The soup?” Castiel tries, but Dean’s already dragging him back out into the hallway.
“I volunteered to help Ellen and Bobby at the Roadhouse’s booth,” Dean says. “So yeah. I’ll be there most of the day.”
This gift is everyone else telling him otherwise.
They walk through the grass in silence instead, though Castiel's mind is buzzing with questions for Dean. What it's like to live here year-round, if he plays any sports as intensely as he recites Star Wars trivia, what his family is like, who his other friends are... But he's not sure he's ready to answer questions like those himself. Not to mention, Dean seems somewhat anxious, constantly pausing to run his foot over the indentation left in the grass by the bike's tires.
“Dean,” and Cas sounds abnormally loud in his ear, his voice breaking over the single syllable, and Dean realizes he’s spoken all of this aloud.
“If that mural was about Lisa, why are
“Do you want to go out tonight?”
“I’m sorry for getting fucked up and making you rescue me. I’m sorry for being an asshole about Bela and pushing you away. I’m sorry I wasn’t more supportive about your brother. I’m sorry that Lisa and I were shitheads to you at that party. And Cas, you gotta believe me,” Dean really hates himself for this one, and he hates that there are tears welling up in his eyes, but he can’t let go of Cas, can’t turn his face away, not for this, “I didn’t mean what I said. At all. When Sam tripped over you on the beach and dragged you over to that party, that’s…” Dean swallows, overwhelmed by the truth of this statement. “That’s the best thing that ever happened to me. The worst thing was telling you otherwise, because I almost lost you over it. Please, believe me.”
“I don’t like wanting to own another person,” she says slowly, as if these are things she's still figuring out for herself. “I don’t like being so jealous all the time, that someone else can give you things I can’t. I don’t like thinking that what I can give you isn’t enough.” She runs a hand through her dark hair, and Dean feels the urge to imitate the movement, drag his hands all through her soft, dark hair, just in case he never gets the chance to do it again. “Dean, I only started sleeping with you because I was afraid of losing you. And I don’t regret the decision. Please don’t think I do. But, I do regret the reason.”
“I’ll, um,” the alpha’s voice is deeper, and Dean’s instincts purr, waiting to be pounced on. “I’ll give you some privacy. Remember to drink your water.”
And don’t think Dean doesn’t notice when Castiel flinches. Of course he does, and of course that puppy-dog look of confusion and hurt just makes Castiel feel worse. Whatever happened with Aaron, it was months ago. Dean said they quit before prom, and swore that it would never happen again, with Aaron or anyone else. Even if Castiel decided he wanted a relationship without sex, Dean said he would be happy with that. So why does Castiel continue to punish him?
“It’s not that hard to figure out! I’m mad because he was supposed to wait for me, and he didn’t. It has nothing to do with what happened, or didn’t happen, on that date.”
“I managed,” Dean offers cheerfully. “I don’t run, of course, but I have the garage. Lisa understands.”
Dean huffs again, rubbing a hand over his mouth. “That’s what I’ve got Cas for, y’know.”
?” she demands, voice low and dangerous. Dean blinks, and his brain shuts down. He knows he had a good reason to suggest Cas, but he can’t think of what it is when Lisa is staring him down like this. And it doesn’t help to remember that
Castiel furrows his brow, squinting suspiciously at his sister. “Does this have to do with Dean-”
, after all. Even if Castiel has felt drawn to Dean since they met, even if Dean makes his stomach float and his heart flutter, even if it’s nice sometimes to think about a couple years down the road, owning a white-paneled Victorian home with a front porch and brick chimney, eating Dean’s cooking by the fireplace and going to a soft, warm bed together… Castiel is trying to be realistic here. Most high school sweethearts don’t get married, and those that do don’t always stay married. It’s silly to think that this could be forever, especially with the way Dean has behaved in Castiel’s absence.
“Please, alpha,” Dean begs, tilting his head, fixing Castiel with one pleading green eye. “Please, I need it, need you, need your knot.” He lifts his hips again, where Castiel’s cock is still trapped between his cheeks, and Castiel bites back another moan. “Please, it’s okay, I want you, I want it, I
Dean hangs up and puts the phone back in its cradle. He rubs a hand over his face and through his hair before opening the kitchen doors-- and walking right into Sam.
“Always,” Dean says softly. “Feel better?”
“Not a
Now he’s just disappeared. Without a word or warning. He might as well be dead, for all they know.
But Dean just keeps his face down, to hide his blush, and says nothing.
A few years ago, that wouldn’t have stopped him from dancing anyway, but for some reason, he feels self-conscious now. Like when he’s not paying attention, his friends are sending him looks full of pity. Like they’re carrying on silent conversations full of worry and concern, and that’s the last thing he wants. He really should get up and dance a little, if only because it might keep them from doing so, but he can’t help feeling that it would just bring more attention to how very alone he is.
“Will Lisa be joining us today?” Cas asks, leaning back on his hands.
Mildred doesn’t buy his attempt at humility for a second, eyeing him sharply. “I’m sure your grades and extracurriculars had nothing to do with it.” Castiel blushes and shrugs again, so Mildred takes pity on him and changes track: “Do you like it there?”
Everything stays silent and still for a long, long moment. Dean thinks he’s going to have to scrub the whole Roadhouse after this, just to clear his head.
The silence drags out for a while, as Dean turns things over in his brain until everything’s all in knots and he can’t think straight. Victor suggests heading back, and Dean and Bela agree. As soon as they turn around, however, Bela stretches her arms above her head and says, “I’m a little jealous of Cas and Meg too, so it’s okay.”
How can Dean look at him like that after spending half the school year sleeping with someone else? They can call it an arrangement or experimentation all they want, but Castiel can’t wrap his mind around the thought of loving someone as much as he loves Dean, and still wanting to have sex with anyone else. He can’t understand it, and it bothers him so much that he genuinely feels sick when Dean reaches out for a hug.
That dream will be real, someday.
“Yeah,” Dean responds gruffly.
“Clearly,” Meg drawls. Still, she presses her palm up against the wall, between a feather and a carnation, and raises her eyes back up to the painted ones above her head. “It’s beautiful, though. Do you know who did it?”
Dean releases one of Castiel’s hand to tip his chin, still smiling like he has a secret. “She realized what she was doing when you got my mom and came to rescue us. Lisa said I was lucky to have you, because you’re not afraid to give me what I need instead of what I want.”
“Bullshit. I asked and you gave.” Dean reaches out, pressing two fingertips under Castiel’s chin until their eyes meet again. “Don’t tell yourself any different. I appreciate
Cas's stare turns almost mournful as he looks at Dean, as his free hand gently touches Dean's face. "Let's not be so middle school about it," Cas answers.
“Almost thirty-three, I believe.” Castiel glances around, as if looking for something. “It is late summer, correct?”
When Michael finally composes himself, he’s scowling. “Castiel, what does Dean have to offer you? Can he get you into a good school? Get you an internship, or a job? His mother is a
told me you weren’t gay,” Naomi counters primly. “Don’t think I don’t know who you’ve been spending your time with the last few days.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “What?”
Mary’s jaw tightens, like she wants to continue, but Dean’s grateful when she nods again and goes back upstairs. The headache is so bad now that he doesn’t even want to make the effort to find the aspirin, so he stumbles downstairs to his room and flops down on his bed, pulling the blanket over his head and welcoming the darkness.
The taste on Dean’s tongue is familiar, not all that different from the way Lisa tastes, and as he lets Cas’s dick slip from his mouth, Dean decides he likes it. No matter the source, Dean likes this taste, this smell, and he likes the way people smile as they catch their breath. He did that, put that smile there.
Dean pauses, his fingers wrapped around a cabinet’s brass handle. “What did you tell her?”
Lucifer waves away his concern, and stumbles down the stairs to flop on the couch next to his brother. He stares blankly at the television for a moment, which Castiel takes as an opportunity to text Dean.
“You really do like this band, don’t you?” he teases. Cas turns to him, squinting, and when the song goes into a brief bass solo, Cas grins back and pushes away from the wall.
Technically, Castiel is still grounded, but no one thinks to mention this. Michael still looks like Christmas came early, ushering them out the door with a gooey smile and a wink in Castiel’s direction. Once the door is closed behind them, Bela drops Castiel’s arm and turns to reappraise him on her own terms.
But he gets moody near his heats. Is that such a crime?
That said, Castiel kind of wishes Dean
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
After a long moment, Dean reaches over and slowly takes his sketchbook out of Castiel’s lap. “My dad drinks,” he says, and Castiel’s eyebrows rise up.
Is that a price worth paying?
Does this mean he’s gay?
“Don’t apologize for me,” Sam snarls. “Not to him.”
Castiel tucks his feet under himself and manages to stand on his own, a little wobbly, but still upright. “What exactly is it that we’re doing tonight?”
Castiel smiles and hums a little as he opens the door and starts to pull off his trainers. He’d run into town this morning too, so he’s even dressed properly. Late as he is, the most he’ll probably hear is a reprimand.
He trails off, staring into the darkness. He’s no good at this. Dean is the one who’s been to therapy, who has all that training and knows how to say what he wants and how he feels. Castiel just has years and years of repression.
“Your best friend?” When Dean looks up, Lisa has a small smile on her face, and he feels a rush of affection for her. “The one you haven’t seen in months? Who you never shut up about?” Dean feels heat rising up from his throat, and he turns away as she laughs. “I’m not heartless, Dean. It’s fine. Go see him. We’ll hang out some other time.”
know isn’t painting a very pretty picture of your dear friend Dean.”
“Nothing is wrong, Dean, just leave it alone!” Castiel rakes a hand through his hair, anxiously looking anywhere but at Dean’s face. He finally notices their location, and gestures across the street at the Dutch Bros stand. “Let’s just get some coffee and move on with our day, okay?”
,” and something must snap in Castiel, because that sound’s not a purr. It’s a
It takes a second for Castiel to find his voice, but once he does, school is easy to talk about. Despite the anxiety he’s struggled with, he genuinely likes his new friends, his new track team, and some of his professors. He likes the Rainbow Alliance, and he likes his apartment, a short bike ride away from school, with a view of the lake, a balcony to study on, and right next door to an adorable cafe that he and Daphne like to visit after practice.
After a moment, Dean not-so-casually comments, "I know that's not your usual standard of quality as far as fancy eats go, but-"
Castiel shrugs. “Might as well.”
"I only know Dean, I just picked up Alastair's name in conversation."
Dean thinks it’d be funny if it weren’t a little sad. Cas goes to school in New York and spends his winter breaks somewhere in New England, so the fact that he’s scooting along next to the wall is just extra embarrassing. Meg stops by him every once in a while, to take his hands and try to carefully guide him away from the wall, to help him pick up speed, but Dean overheard Cas telling her on one round that her skating backwards made him anxious, and she should just go have fun on her own.
Castiel just looks confused again, but Dean is warmed by his worry, by the simple thoughtfulness to hurry and get Dean a drink. Cas is a kind alpha, sweet and true, and his reaction to the pup’s existence is probably the last thing Dean needs to worry about. So he takes another drink, then hands his glass to Charlie.
“Nope.” And Cas is in Dean’s space again, a hand pressed firmly over his mouth. Dean’s breath hitches before he protests, but Cas leans in even closer, so that Dean has no choice but to meet Cas’s eyes. “There has to be something
“Hello?”
It’s not the sketch from the redwood forest, which Castiel was half-expecting to see. It’s not Kyriel and Jensen either. It’s just the two of them, Dean and Castiel, smiling at one another, and the love and affection between them is so obvious. Castiel doesn’t know how Dean does it, captures little details and shapes in pencil that make it so clear who these people are and how they feel about one another. It’s a talent that would be a shame to waste, and Castiel hopes he can get that across to Dean, somehow.
“I like flowers that have already blossomed, thanks,” which just makes Dean laugh again.
They both look at Michael, who only tightens his jaw before retreating back to the kitchen. Castiel smiles again.
With that, she finally grips her suitcase again, and walks over to the beds on the other side of the room, placing her suitcase on one to start unpacking. Anna and Castiel exchange a wide-eyed glance of confusion before Castiel grabs his sister’s shoulders and ushers her out into the hallway.
Sometimes Dean wonders if he’s weird for not liking days off.
Goddammit, Jo was right.
Castiel leans his head against the wall and rolls his eyes. Balthazar has never quite gotten over ‘losing’ Castiel to Dean. Though he and Castiel have become close friends since high school, Balthazar can still be somewhat passive-aggressive at times. One would think he would’ve learned after Castiel punched him for referring to Dean as ‘the poor man’s Danny Zuco,’ but apparently old wounds run deep. “Please, don’t.” Cas swallows. “His mother just died.”
