And that was- It was such a trite line, but that didn't stop Sherlock from hearing the fondness and honesty behind it, nor did it stop him feeling like he was undergoing a phototropic phenomenon, with John as the source of light. John's breath in his mouth - sweet from the soju, warm from his lungs. John's stubble (last shave before school that morning: not expecting to end up here tonight either) grazing his chin and upper lip. John's tongue soft-firm-wet on his lip, sliding against his tongue. John's hand on his upper arm, solid and grounding.
John's face crinkled up. "What? No, that's not-" He shook his head and ran his hand over his face, smoothing it out. "Jesus, you're..." He came over and sat down next to Sherlock again. His knee bumped Sherlock's, and his arm tensed as if he were going to reach out, but he didn't. "Tell me, Sherlock. Just tell me what you want."
"No, no pain," Sherlock said, then hissed, "Fuck." His hips jerked up and he blinked his eyes open and looked down blearily. His dark red cock bobbed over the sticky gleam of precome smeared across his abdomen. His thighs were shaking. He closed his eyes again and stretched his head back. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," he whispered rapidly, bouncing his pelvis gently as his clenched his arse several times around the vibrating dildo lodged inside him. The movement once again tugged on the nipple clamp chains, and he moaned deep in his throat.
"I am a blank slate for you to paint once again," I quipped. I meant it half in jest and half in earnest. I did not expect to be left with any bruises or scrapes to hoard this time, but perhaps something of this night would remain imprinted on me in some way. My words seemed to resound with him as well, for his eyes turned dark and hungry, and his fingers traced mindless patterns on my skin, as if sketching out his masterpiece.
The thought hadn't even crossed Sherlock's mind, though, because John in that suit was making his blood run hotter and his brain run slower. The ensemble made his body look tight and compact while emphasising the strength in his shoulders and chest. Sherlock was already trying to come up with scenarios for getting the jacket off so he could have a look at John's arse: a spill, a tear, someone being chilly, John needing to perform CPR - how could he induce a heart attack in someone with the tools currently at his disposal?
Watson pretended to be unaffected, perusing the page before him as he replied: "I thought it might be nice to take advantage of the weather for a turn in the park."
"No, I really don't," John said. "You want me to, what, be your housemate? I don't even - Are we together? Friends who shag occasionally? Or just that once? What are you even going to do now? Do you have another job lined up? You could be moving to Timbuktu tomorrow for all I know!"
Mycroft relaxes slightly. "Bravo, Captain."
"Ah!" John cried in surprise and pleasure. He rested one hand on Sherlock's head. "You don't have to-"
%%%%%%
"You do every time you mention it. You can't even bring yourself to say the entire thing. Next thing you'll be calling me Sher," he says, pulling a face.
"A whistle?" Emily ventures.
"And thank you very much for sharing that bit of vital information with the rest of us. Or did you tell Mycroft and it's only me you've left in the dark?"
Sherlock used the time on their walks to clear his head of the deadwood of the day, formulate new experiments for phenomena he deemed worth investigating, and hone his observational skills. He had always been good at watching and listening, hovering on the edges of social interactions, making connections that other people were too wrapped up in their emotions to see. Rather than being distracted by the plush softness of that woman's lips, he noticed the puffiness of her cheeks and the raspy quality of her voice that signaled her frequent self-induced vomiting. Instead of losing himself in raptures over the firmness of that man's arse, he noticed the oily skin and thickly haired arms that revealed his use of steroids.
Sherlock went straight to his desk after divesting himself of his outerwear, tapping the laptop that stood open there to wake it up.
"And the pies? How could they have known you'd call me, rather than taking Tris directly to hospital?" John wonders.
"I said I don't know!" Emily sounds annoyed, really annoyed, which makes Tristram shut up. Emily's never been cross with him before. For a moment, Tristram goes cold and doesn't know what to say. Should he apologise? Her face softens immediately, though, just like her father's does when he looks at her. "Look, I'll tell you what happens, okay?"
"I'd like to dance with you, John."
Tristram was told they weren't, but he realises he doesn't actually know. It seems like there's been a lot going on recently that he hasn't been told about. On the other hand, it also seems kind of ridiculous that his father and Irene would have been married all this time yet never lived together - never so much as been in the same country, actually, since Tristram was born, if Irene was telling the truth about her travels.
"He is dead, isn't he?" Irene asks, not looking away from Sherlock.
"He's not interested in the children," Sherlock says, as if this were a point they'd discussed ad nauseum.
Also: Next chapter: First kiss! Thank you all for being so patient. :)
Sitting in the hotel restaurant, waiting for their dinner, Tristram takes his new knife out of his pocket and admires it for about the fiftieth time. It's classic red, and it has not only a magnifying lens, but also a wire cutter and a pair of scissors in addition to the basic kit. Emily got a silver one with a pen, a saw and a screwdriver, which is also rather cool. They were only allowed to pick three extras each. John said it was because otherwise it would have been too expensive, and Father said it was because they didn't have all day. Emily chose different ones than Tristram on purpose. This way, she said, they could have twice as many between them and they'd be an even better team. Sometimes Emily is fairly clever. Pretty much all the time, really, except for maths.
Tristram lets that thought settle for a moment. It's not really a shock. He's had a while to get used to the idea by now. Father has a boyfriend. It somehow doesn't want to fit into the image he has of his father, even though he knows it's undeniably true. It's not just that, though. It's as if his entire world is re-settling around him, as if everything is different now even though, looked at logically, nothing is. Unless...
And there it was: although the stricken, sickened look on John's face wasn't one that Sherlock particularly relished.
Sherlock pushed one hand down between them and felt the front of John's trousers. "On the contrary, it feels like it's settling in for the long haul."
"It's all right," John said, squeezing Sherlock's arm, which he was still holding. "I don't think either of your parents will be helped by you fighting."
Sherlock frowns. "Do you really think that necessary?"
"Tristram, what's... Is he all right?" Father says. He sounds slightly bewildered. He's obviously talking to Doctor Watson, but Tristram feels Father's hand come up and cup the back of his head. Tristram squeezes harder.
"Things not go well with Mycroft, then?" Doctor Watson sits down in the armchair opposite him, tentative but persistent.
"Decent."
"Part of it's figuring out what sets off that reaction, and part of it's learning to deal with it when it does happen," John explains.
Just then, John comes bustling back out and starts collecting the things that are lying on the table. "You two still working hard or hardly working?" he jokes, looking over at them where they are both still sitting on the couch bed beside Tristram's practially empty suitcase. "Tris, you need any help?"
John turned his head to look at Sherlock. "Thanks. I hope so. It would be nice. To get back into practice. And it's right here in the city. Convenient." He looked away again.
In the event, it was embarrassingly easy to gain an audience. Sherlock had barely announced his name before a dark-haired, Blackberry-wielding assistant (yoga, tinted contacts, trying to get pregnant) appeared and ushered them down a plushly carpeted hallway, texting continuously and admonishing them that Mr Holmes had a very tight schedule but just happened to have a few minutes free before he was due in a conference call.
The next stop is the old stable. There have never been animals kept there in all of Tristram's memory, but when Grandmother was small, there were horses and sheep. It stands empty now, the windows opaque with dirt and the door almost falling off its hinges. Tristram has never been too keen on playing in here, truth be told, but Emily insists on at least seeing the inside.
Tristram shakes his head again. The spectrum is still too broad.
Sherlock's hand paused on John's elbow. "You're going to tell her?"
"You knew that already."
"They're not coming, are they?" Saffron asked in a small voice once they were in the cab back to the school. It was dark already, and both of the children's energy was flagging. Time to get them back before tears erupted.
"Yes, and it's
"Sherlock! No! Look, this is... Voice of reason, remember?" Sherlock nudges John in until they are flush against each other. John's hands find their way into Sherlock's coat to steady himself on Sherlock's hips. "No distractions. Oh, God," he exhales breathily as Sherlock's lips close around his earlobe. "After. After, God, we'll..." John gives up and twists his neck to kiss Sherlock properly. "I'm going to take you properly to bed," he vows and dips in for more.
John, defeated, hung his head and squeezed his eyes shut as Sherlock delicately maneuvered his underwear out of the way to unveil his now fully engorged penis. It stood out thick and red from his body, veins bulging and giving it a marbled appearance.
John makes a sceptical sound. "Really?"
Sherlock didn't. He headed for the door, his mind whirling. Moriarty here: why? Obviously something to do with the Nativity. More specifically, the filming.
"Yeah, we'll be right out," John says, smiling at her kindly and stepping away from the table. "Did you pick something good?"
Sherlock sighed at the lack of capitalisation and punctuation, but he was relieved that John had chosen not to drag the conversation down to the level of crass innuendo.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed medium stockpot over medium heat, or in a tabletop deep fryer, to 160 C / 325 F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels and set aside.
"Right. Right yes, of course." His earlier upbeat tone turning stiff.
Tristram doesn't really follow what Emily's talking about, but at least she's not disappointed about the plutonium.
* * * * * *
"You're Holmes's son, aren't you?" the man says.
Father read to them before, of course, back at their flat. Tristram had been mildly surprised that he'd agreed when Emily asked him, but he'd been quite willing; perhaps even flattered.
," Sherlock said distastefully.
To see some of Martin Freeman's actual badass dance moves from Nativity, check out this post: http://swissmissing.tumblr.com/post/66354218623/martin-freeman-dancing-in-nativity-posted-as-a.
"I'm fine, John," Sherlock says. His voice is disturbingly gentle, and that's enough to lessen the heat of John's anger for the moment.
"Abflug," she repeats, pointing behind her. "On that sign, it says 'Abflug Departure'."
His father answers: "Someone's with you?"
There was still an undercurrent of something prickly and unexplored, but Sherlock no longer felt threatened or panicked by it. It was as if, through their conversation about the blood in the loo, John had let Sherlock know that he accepted him and liked him just as he was, chicken blood and cow eyeballs and all, and that knowledge let Sherlock relax and accept John in return. It was, as John had said earlier, all very exciting.
The door opened. Sherlock jerked away from the wall. He hadn't thought John would come after him. But it was just Preeti and Bob. The door swung shut behind them. Sherlock told himself he wasn't disappointed as he stalked wordlessly back to the classroom, the two children following.
"Tristram?" his father answers almost immediately, his voice sharp.
"My arm," Tristram croaks. He can't move it; well, he probably could, but he doesn't want to. It will hurt too much.
John's smile fades. "Yeah. I think you knew more about me than I did myself."
"John, look behind you," Father says as he packs and shapes the snow between his gloves. He nods in that direction, still keeping his eyes fixed on Doctor Watson's.
It was well past midnight by the time Sherlock made it to bed. After John agreed to stay - in the second bedroom - Sherlock had pretty much left him to his own devices, afraid of either pushing John beyond what he was comfortable with or of appearing too grateful. Instead, he'd gone out to the back garden for a cigarette. If he wasn't going to be kissing John, he didn't need to worry about the way his mouth tasted. Also, he needed a respite and distraction from all the emotional drama.
Tristram agrees, but when Emily and her father go back to their room to get their jackets, Tristram hangs back.
He handed me a black leather band about an inch thick and a little longer than my forearm. It looked like nothing more than a very short belt, with a silver buckle at the end to fasten it.
There should still be a Go board and pieces in his room, though. He found it while rummaging through closets one summer, and appropriated it to amuse himself on those nights when he'd been put to bed before he was ready to go to sleep. His father found him making patterns with the pieces one evening - he'd had no idea of the actual rules - and taught him how to play. They even played a few games, although his father soon became bored with always winning, and told Tristram to practice on his own for a while and that they could play again when Tristram had figured out more strategies. He wasn't condescending about it, just honest. Tristram did practice, but he was never confident enough to ask his father to play again.
"Okay?" John can't quite believe it was that easy. But perhaps that's all it ever would have taken: for John to be clear on what he wants. To let Sherlock know that it really is all fine.
Molly stares at him. "Because you do."
Mrs Bowen has prepared a fine roast with potatoes, but somehow Tristram doesn't have much of an appetite. There is something strange about the mood. Father is stonily silent, while Grandmother talks on and on, using words like transdisciplinarity, masochism, exigencies, and rhetoric. Doctor Watson attempts to keep up the other end of the conversation, but even Tristram can see that he's out of his depth. Finally, Doctor Watson turns to Father and asks if he's ever had a case that involved art. Father slides his eyes over to Grandmother, but she is using the momentary pause as an opportunity to sip her wine.
"God help me, yes."
"John, go sleep in my room." Sherlock glances over at John trying to find a comfortable position on the couch.
The infuriating thing was that he was right, of course. Sherlock would have been miserable following Victor around, settling in some backwater. They would have grown apart at some point anyway. Better early on, when they only had good times to remember, than after the disappointments and resentments set in. It didn't make what had happened hurt any less. But if they hadn't gone their separate ways at that time, Sherlock might never have started down the path that had brought him to John. A horrifying thought.
So he had turned it into some sort of trite love ballad. Awful. Jade, Alfie, and Ollie crept forward, catching John's attention.
But then John let his breath out, a light chuckle, put his hands back into his pockets. Mission aborted. Adjusted his course so there was once again a hand's breadth of space between himself and Sherlock "I don't envy Greg, though," he said, his tone coloured by amusement. "I can tell Daisy's going to be a handful to have for a mother-in-law."
"How about you hold it for me, Ems. My hands are a bit full at the moment," he says wryly.
Sherlock made an inqisitive sound as he picked up his wine glass. A bordeaux, probably too heavy, but Sherlock had thought it would be optimal for helping John relax and maybe sleep well tonight.
"Yeah, I do.
"He's fine," Miss Smith - or whatever her name is - says. She walks away from Tristram and gives the room a quick sweep, checking under the bed, ducking into the bathroom, and flicking the curtains back to peek behind them. "He's on a plane to- Well, I can't tell you to where," she tells Father in a bored tone, apparently in answer to another question, "but he's on a plane."
So John dutifully separated himself from Sherlock's hands and lips and cock for a moment and applied himself to making sure Sherlock's arse was in tip-top condition for what it still had to do. The toy was removed and checked for signs of internal distress, the state of Sherlock's arsehole was declared to be fit for further use, lubricant was reapplied both inside and out, and Sherlock got onto his hands and knees and spread his cheeks wide with both hands so that John could properly seat the artificial phallus inside him. Deep.
John was already more than half asleep when he heard Sherlock ask: "What was it like for you? When your father died?"
His father makes a questioning noise.
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
Sherlock smirks. "Obvious." He reaches out and puts his hand around John so he can stroke him.
"You should have told me. Damnit!" John shouts, but immediately modulates his voice down to a hiss. "Sherlock, we've been through this before. You can't leave me out of the loop like this!" he says fiercely.
John set Sherlock's mug next to him. "We didn't miss Christmas. We spent it together. I've never had a better one. Honestly." John took a sip of his drink. "Although I could probably have done without you trying to poison yourself."
"Pig pancreases," Sherlock corrected him petulantly. He wondered if John would let him put on a fresh nicotine patch yet.
John looks at her sharply. "Recently?" It sounds more like a challenge than a question.
John giggled, and this time it was genuine. "No, I guess not. For me though, maybe?" he said, before he'd thought through the way that might sound. "I mean, no, not just for me," he tried to explain, his heart now skittering wildly at the closeness, the gentle waft of Sherlock's mint-and-cigarette-tinged breath, his intense, unnerving expression. "But I hear you play all the time. Not for me. Just, you playing. Doesn't matter what." John decided he'd do better to shut up before he dug himself any deeper into his current hole.
"No."
"He actually kissed me the other ... night? Last week? Month?" John couldn't remember. It seemed so long ago, like it was yesterday. He belched, a bit. His stomach was getting kind of full. He didn't mention the whole 'I'm in love with you' part because that was too naff even for drunken engagement party confessions.
Father's jolliness - which Tristram recognises for the sham it is - fades. He and Doctor Watson stare at each other for a few moments. Tristram knows they are saying something else underneath that gaze. "Yes," Father says finally, with a weight that is virtually palpable. "Are you sure?" He returns the question, but it's not a challenge the way Doctor Watson's question was. He sounds genuinely uncertain.
"He has Uncle Mycroft's old room."
"It's all right, go ahead and take one," he says.
"No," he says. He's obviously talking to Doctor Watson, even though he isn't looking at him. He clears his throat. "But I'll take care of it." Doctor Watson hands him Tristram's backpack. Their eyes meet, finally. Doctor Watson looks amused, but something else too. Something warm, something that makes Tristram want to look away.
"Sod. Mycroft," John grits out between clenched teeth. "He dropped by and gave them the medical history, but I told him I'd give him a fat lip if he signed anything.
"You can't leave," Sherlock says in a low voice, directing his words somewhere near John's shoulder. "This will either send them all into hiding, or flush them all out. Someone's going to try and take advantage of the power vacuum. And what better way to consolidate than to take care of the man who toppled the Colonel. They may not make the connection with you right away, of course. Especially as I made certain that I was the one they saw." He raises his eyes to meet John's.
"Yes," Father repeats. It doesn't sound like he's trying to convince Doctor Watson of anything; more like he's assuring him.
This, it hit him at that moment: John was doing this for him, not because he felt obligated to, but because he enjoyed it as much as Sherlock had enjoyed giving John pleasure. Despite the fact that it might be physically demanding, even slightly uncomfortable, the payback was worth it ten times over. And that thought, that knowledge, was what did it. Sherlock dropped his left arm down from where it had been braced against the wall and held the side of John's face, staring intently into those blue, trusting eyes.
John almost protested, but thought better of it. Sherlock was already halfway to the kitchen in his own sodden pants to fetch a test tube.
"Then your dad shouldn't have gone out either," Emily insists stubbornly.
Emily shakes her head. "No. Not like that. Just... I keep thinking about. You know."
They sat at the island in the kitchen, talking, laughing, and eating out of the same containers. John took charge of carefully rationing out the single bottle of wine (unconscious reaction to his sister's alcoholism) so that they ended up lingering over the last sip or two once the food was gone.
Emily breaks the silence. "How much longer do you think we're going to stay here?" Her voice floats across the mattress to him, disembodied.
Lestrade shifts his weight and shoves his hands up under his armpits. "I just thought maybe..." he ventures. "First investigation we've called you in on since, you know, the baby. Thought he might have wanted to come out. I guess maybe it's still too soon."
"Don't apologise!"
Sherlock tilts his head to fix John once again with his pinpoint focus. "Moran was not the head, John! Don't you see? The attack tonight, they were replicating our attack on Moran. Tit for tat!" He pushes off Tristram's bed and paces in the small space.
It bothers Tristram more than he thinks it should. Given the choice between staying with John and waiting for Father or going with Irene, it's obvious that he would stay. But for some reason, he's a little bit disappointed that Irene gave up so easily. Just a teensy bit.
Tristram rather thinks arms are important too, for balance, and you need your hands to catch yourself if you fall - which he's certain to do. It probably wouldn't be very good if he landed on his injured hand, cast or no cast.
Tristram, surprisingly, isn't nearly as stressed about the whole thing as he perhaps might have expected to be, given everything that's been going on lately. Maybe it's because he's used to Father going out on potentially dangerous errands and leaving him behind. Or maybe it's because, despite the fact that the last time he was left in the care of a woman he only knew fleetingly, he ended up strapped to what he thought was a bomb, he feels relatively safe with Irene. She's his mother, after all. Something about that simple fact gives him enough confidence that he's able to sit here and concentrate on whether bells or acorns are trump this round. He wouldn't go out of the room with Irene, of course. But just sitting here at the table with the curtains drawn, trying to remember whether all the aces have been played yet... that's fine.
Sherlock might be able to hire a private videographer to film the play, but trying to pass them off as Whitehall or any other well-known production company would be tricky at best, and the Lord Mayor's office was expecting high profile publicity, big names, and concessions.
Tristram shakes his head. "No thanks."
"But if you..." Sherlock's brain is incredibly slow to return to the thread of the conversation. It's like trying to gain traction in a marsh. "Why have you been ignoring my attempts to contact you? Why didn't you speak to me earlier?"
"How about you, Tris?" Doctor Watson asks him.
"I'd like a knife too," Tristram says, displaying the one he took from the stack, "but do you think we could ask if they have one with a magnifier?"
From outside, a car horn sounds.
"Okay." Emily lifts the sheet on her side. Tristram can see his desk and part of the window in the light coming in from the street lamps outside, which is comforting. Emily ducks under the sheet and gets out of bed.
"The police think they're suicides, but the police are fools."
It feels a little silly, but he reads off the first sentence: "'This planet is closest to the sun'," and draws a line to the word 'Mercury'. Doctor Watson asks what else he knows about Mercury (it's smaller than the earth) and what he thinks it would be like to live there (nothing can live there, it's too hot), and then lets him read the next sentence. He'd be done with the worksheet much faster if he just did it himself, but by the time they get to the sixth statement, Tristram has become more interested in Doctor Watson's questions than in rushing to complete the exercise.
Sherlock made a sceptical face.
John makes a negative sound in his throat. "She's been through enough. I'm not going to do that to her. She stays with me."
But Jim nodded behind Sherlock, his lips unfurling into a wicked smile. "Bed."
Sherlock closed the door and frowned. "John? What do you mean?"
It turned out they were going to the knife museum after all. It wasn't even up on a mountain. Like the nature museum they went to that morning, it was just a building on a street, although it was a bigger, more modern building in a bigger, more modern town that they had to take a train to get to.
That's good. Father will fix whatever is hurting his back. In fact, just then he hears voices and footsteps downstairs. He makes the effort to open his eyes again, but it's not his father's familiar figure coming up the stairs. Instead, it's a man and a woman wearing big yellow coats with reflective strips over their dark green uniforms. They are carrying a big long board between them, and it develops that they want to put Tristram onto that board and take him away.
"Are she and your dad still married?"
While they waited for the signal to change, Sherlock snuck past his mind palace's incinerator and stashed the unbidden image in a hermetically sealed suspension capsule down in the sub-basement. Perhaps he would have occasion to make a comparison at some point to the original, or at least parts thereof. Other residents of the sub-basement, phantoms of people he'd never seen but whose appearances he had posited, included radio hosts, authors, and the occasional relative or partner of an acquaintance: he'd been pleased to be proven largely correct on Lestrade's wife when she'd come to pick him up from school one afternoon; he'd been completely off base with Stamford's then-fiancée, Mary, who - far from being an eleven-and-a-half stone blonde with tinted contacts - was a compact, understated woman with Northeast Indian roots.
"You can take the Bentley."
John hovers there for a moment, gives the children one last look, then goes into the bedroom and gets back into bed. He doesn't pick up his book again, but he also doesn't turn on the overhead light, leaving the room illuminated only by the reading light on his side of the bed.
"Not really, no." Sherlock's lips quirked up into a self-conscious smile. Under the covers, John felt Sherlock's foot move against his. A question, or maybe an answer. The reason for his unsettled rest.
Your potatoes should be boiled by now, drain them leaving some of the water near the bottom, mash them with the rice milk until a puree forms. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
John shakes his head. "He fell against me. I don't even know what happened, why he moved. He would have been safe if he'd stayed against the wall like I told him to."
"Oh for God's sake, they can't all be Mary and Joseph. Just take Jade and Shareef," Sherlock snapped. "Tell them it was my decision."
"You have a very astute little girl," she says, plucking a postcard of a sunny, wildflower-filled Alpine meadow from the rack.
"In my experience, emotions are the single greatest source of conflict."
Sherlock didn't lose the rings. No one stumbled over their lines. Victor delivered a decent enough homily, nothing objectionable. It didn't rain on the way over to the pub for the reception. And Sherlock's speech was well received, drivel or not. Scattered laughter, no tears. Nods and smiles. Although Sherlock didn't escape a hug from Greg at the end. Not as close as John at his wedding, more of a side-armed hug-slash-clap-on-the-back combination. John beaming and looking proud. Well, he had more or less written the thing.
John swallowed, his throat tight. He didn't deserve this man. Didn't deserve him at all. "This isn't like that," he said, insistent despite the hoarseness of his voice. "This isn't to get back at Mary."
"As I wear it for you, it is my privilege to do so."
"God, Gladstone's going to watch, isn't he?" John muttered once they'd reached the landing. Everything was dark now, although there was enough light coming in through the windows for them to navigate by.
John chuckled. "Something to aim for, then." His eyes twinkled playfully before taking on a more serious cast. "Really though, you understand. I want us both to be sure, and not to rush into things in the heat of the moment and regret it later."
Sherlock is still in the grip of the chemicals coursing through his body and brain. He knows the name, function, and structure of every one of them: dopamine, vasopressin, serotonin, and most damning of all, oxytocin. He is floating, he is free, he is everywhere and everything. He is also so slow and heavy he will never be able to escape the gravitational pull of the object he is currently orbiting.
%%%%%%
Except for Irene: she's sitting at the desk on the other side of the low-ceilinged living room in the cramped little cottage she brought him to. The armchair he's curled up in smells like the stuff Mrs Hudson sprays around their flat when she gets in one of her tidying moods. Irene's writing and writing, something in longhand. She told him there are certain things you don't want to leave an electronic trace of.
"Best case. And the worst case is that we've slipped their lead and they'll come after us with everything they've got."
Father puts his hand on Tristram's shoulder and steps up close behind him. "Come on. Let's go home."
"Right," he says cheerfully. "I don't know about you, but I'm looking forward to seeing who ends up being chosen as Hogwarts' champion."
Tristram knows that a 'yarn' is a story. Father likes hearing Doctor Watson's stories, and sharing his own stories with him. They've laughed together several times, in a way Tristram never saw his father laugh before: hearty and genuine. And Father's tried twice now to sleep next to Doctor Watson - Tristram counts whatever it was he walked in on at Grandmother's, even though they weren't asleep, because he reckons they would have ended up asleep together there on the big bed if he hadn't interrupted them. Maybe, in the end, what it says in the poem is what his father's always been after, yet never found. Maybe, that's what he could have with Doctor Watson.
Molly, not knowing they would be out of town for the entire weekend and mindful of the time-sensitive nature of her gift, had had the cooler messengered over on the evening of the 24th. Mrs Hudson had accepted the delivery but simply left the beribboned box on the kitchen table. There, the contents had thawed and stewed for three days. Sherlock had been delighted at the result. John resigned.
John continued in a more normal voice, "If you don't have any plans for lunch, maybe we could-"
"We really are, Sherlock," Doctor Watson says, making it sound like a warning. He looks around Father's shoulder. "Are you ready to go, Tris?" he says, making his voice cheerful. "Better go get your school bag. I think it's still in the kitchen."
"It means, John, that I clearly can't trust you to take care of one simple task - getting yourself, Emily, and Tristram to safety - so I'm going to have to do it for you."
"You want to tell me what that was all about back there?" John asked, puffing a bit in the cold air as he tried to keep up.
"Ah yes. Well, unfortunately, we aren't allowed to use them within city limits."
The cinema was perhaps not the best choice for such a delicate approach, given the associations most people had with dating and movies, but on the other hand it was convenient, and if the details he'd looked up on Wikipedia were correct, it was the kind of film that two non-romantically involved friends might go see together.
"Yeah." John laid the script down on the edge of the stage. "
"It's for our time machine," Emily explains, holding out her drawing. "See, this is the flux capacitor. It runs on plutonium."
Practically everyone did. Even Mrs Hudson, who really should know better, seeing as she lived with them. She'd worn rainbow-coloured glasses ever since he'd known her. Denials fell on deaf ears with that one. Mr and Mrs Holmes, however, could be excused for the assumption, after John had perhaps made the blunder of asking if they wouldn't mind if Rosie grew up seeing them as grandparent figures, given that his parents were dead and he had no idea about Mary's. He'd meant it in an honorary way, not literally, but they'd both been so delighted and immediately started discussing what she should call them, and he hadn't had the heart to correct things. And anyway, it was more or less the truth.
&&&&&&
Sherlock sighed eventually and disentangled himself, flopping onto his back. "Well, that was rather okay," he said, still breathing heavily.
"John had nothing to do with it," Sherlock said immediately.
"I was in a meeting, I couldn't look at them."
"Actually, I have everything at my house," Sherlock said. "If you wouldn't mind, we could-"
"Can't we do the show anyway? We don't care about the movie," T.J. said.
Sherlock glared a bit, but short of getting up and walking out, the fastest way to get rid of John would be to appease him. He pulled the pile toward him and stuffed his phone into the inner pocket of his jacket.
John frowns at the non-sequitur. "Wh- Think so, yeah."
Emily has made it over to Tristram by now, panting and giggling. She has one last snowball hidden behind her back, which she tosses lazily onto Tristram where he's crouching. It lands square on his head, but he has a hat on and it doesn't hurt. Anyway, she didn't do it to be mean. It was more like a pat on the back, a way of including him. He closes his eyes as the snow flutters down around his ears, then stands up, grinning from ear to ear.
Tristram shrugs. "Sure." Not that Tristram generally has much interest in watching telly. He's outgrown the kiddy series and cartoons, and most of the rest is boring. He tried, for a couple of months last year, to cultivate an enthusiasm for football matches, as that seemed to be a favourite topic amongst the other boys in his year, but he never really caught the fever.
"Yes," Sherlock said, although there wasn't much steam behind it.
Tristram wonders how he ever ended up with a friend like Emily.
This is set a couple of months after the end of the main fic.
Or maybe it was just the bell signalling the end of the lunch period.
that finger.
"Yes, we know they died, but there's a difference knowing it as a vague fact and reading every detail as if you were there."
Sherlock moves his arm just a little bit faster and clutches John just a little bit closer. "John... come on..." he encourages him, breathy and low.
As he slipped his phone into the outer pocket of his coat, his fingers brushed against a paper. He pulled it out and found it was the flyer for the Blackwood School's Christmas bazaar and musical showcase, which was scheduled for the following evening. He was about to toss it into the next bin, but something stayed his hand. He knew he shouldn't care, but he couldn't help being curious about what Moriarty was up to. The rivalry between them ran deep. Before they'd both been dismissed from the Royal College of Music, they'd been scheduled to go head to head in the conservatory's year-end competition. Sherlock continued to feel a deep dissatisfaction at the unsettled score between them. It was like playing a concerto and stopping four bars before the end.
Moriarty screwed his face up in disgust. "But you're far too good for them. You were going to be someone, the next Itzhak Perlman."
"You could leave him a note," Tristram suggests. He puts the phone into his pocket. The weight there is comforting.
Sherlock shifted over, crowding him, invading his space and asserting his claim. John spread his legs to let Sherlock settle between them, his arousal unabashedly prominent inside the shorts he'd worn to bed. Twin groans as Sherlock's heat met his, unfamiliar yet natural, puzzle pieces cut from different moulds but no less well-met. John let his hands wander, discovering the lines and curves, the muscles and sinews underneath his clothes, his skin. Sherlock in turn explored with his mouth, kissing John's jaw, dragging his lips down John's neck, his collarbone, lifting John's shirt to tongue and suck and nip at his chest, his nipples, until John, quaking, drew him back to taste his mouth again.
So there must be something about Irene that Father found worth his time - even if he changed his mind later, or figured out everything he wanted to figure out about her and simply lost interest, the way he loses interest in the body parts he brings home, once he's exhausted their experimental potential. Not that Tristram would expect Father to keep those old body parts around forever, but Tristram sometimes finds the odd ear or pancreas, depleted and black, tied up in a plastic bag in the rubbish. Seeing them makes him feel the way he did when he botched the dissection of the iguana. Mrs Hudson took him to bury the iguana remains in Regent's Park, under a rock, which helped a little. The fingers and livers and scalps Father brings home never get buried; they end up in the council incinerator along with orange peels and old shoes. At least Irene got to go to Singapore and New York.
"You're an absolute Mary Poppins, you know that?"
Hearing this, Holmes swiftly came around behind me and untied the knots. He leaned into me as he unwrapped the ropes, whether by design or accident I could not know, but in doing so I felt the unmistakable imprint of his continued excitement against the back of my neck. It was entirely possible, of course, that he was simply taking practical measures to conceal himself until his outward appearance was once again indistinguishable from that of a run-of-the-mill omega. I did not mind.
"My brother offered to pay her if she would have an abortion. She refused."
Sherlock knows he means Gloria. He shakes his head. "No." There was no funeral, just a small graveside ceremony. He wasn't invited anyway. He watched from his vantage point in the trees.
John smiled at Tristram then, as if he'd read his mind. Tristram smiled back quickly and looked out the window, because they were coming out of the tunnel.
Tristram is so startled by that statement that he turns to look at Doctor Watson. Not only is this a twist he didn't see coming, he is deeply disquieted by the suggestion - through the parallel he's drawn in his own mind - that Father might also try to kill himself. Why would he do that? It doesn't make any sense.
His father inclines his head and says, "You're welcome," which surprises Tristram. His father rarely responds to thanks in that way. Usually he just sneers or grunts.
John didn't say anything about going to a pub or a restaurant, just fell into step beside Sherlock. Sherlock's house, then. Considering a repeat of the last time he'd been over, or just trying to avoid a public scene? Or maybe he was going to say his piece as they walked, and leave Sherlock at the door.
Father was more subdued, although maybe it just seemed that way in comparison to John's exuberance. He was certainly engaged and present, readily answering Emily's questions about the mummified remains of a Stone Age man that were found in the Alps a couple of decades ago. Even so, Tristram had the feeling he was brooding over something. It might have been a case, or Irene, or something else altogether. It wasn't over John, though, because he held onto John's hand tighter than tight and even when they let gojust as someone walked past, Father kept his leg pressed right up against John's.
"Yes!" she said hotly. "John is a very thorough and considerate lover. Better than this ... evidence-gathering, that's for certain. Is this your idea of foreplay?"
Sherlock gave him a sceptical look. "They were at each other's throats, John. We were lucky no blood was drawn."
"Of course you are. After what he came up with last time, well. Can I be frank?" He leaned in and confided to John in a stage whisper, "I was shocked they gave it to him again."
%%%%%%
No time like the present, she always said. Some people might have thought it unseemly, so soon after his wife's death, but then she hadn't been much of a wife, had she. Running off like that, making John and Sherlock worry so. Not to mention their poor baby. And then there had been that awfulness two summers ago, the night Sherlock collapsed so soon after leaving the hospital. Martha hadn't been quite clear on what had happened, but clearly Mary had done something to make John absolutely furious. Martha had been surprised he'd even gone back to her, quite frankly. It had probably been for the baby's sake.
Sally Donovan paused next to Sherlock on her way out. "Couldn't you, just once, act like a decent human being?" she hissed. "I can't believe people actually allow you near their children."
"In a..." He pauses and glances at Tristram and Emily. "...certain type of film, perhaps," he mutters.
"You can't be bloody serious," John said. He sounded genuinely angry. "Couldn't that have waited sixty more seconds?"
We stopped in front of a weeping angel atop a square pedestal. An interesting choice: a guardian to watch over her and mourn. Watson must have been uncertain of his own ability to do so. Had he experienced a cooling of sentiment toward her by the end? Had she been threatened by the same life-draining blade as I? But no: his grief had been real and raw enough, even at the distance from which I had viewed it. I scarcely dared contemplate the awfulness of the second possibility: that Watson had assumed he would not last much longer on the earth before joining his dearest spouse. A gnawing sickness lurched to life within me. What if I had not come back when I did? It did not bear thinking.
His hunger wasn't just for the food though. Because despite his apprehensions, despite not knowing what awaited him, he'd come back to have dinner with John. He could have stayed away, all night even. Wouldn't have thought twice about doing so before. Well, all right, he might have brooded over it, sulked about the injustice of the world in general, and specifically the inconvenience of having to adjust his behaviour because of another person -- a person whose opinion mattered, whom he wanted very much to like him. But instead he'd come home, and not because he thought it would be worse to stay away, but, he realised with a start, because he was feeling out of sorts over all this old business and he wanted to restore balance to his world. Wanted
John comes in and closes the door behind him. "Shit."
Doctor Watson gets a funny little frown on his face, like he's not sure whether that's a good or a bad thing. Then he says, "Yeah. Yeah, all right." And then he turns to Father and says, a little awkwardly, "Erm, good night then," pushes himself halfway up out of his chair and kisses him on the mouth. Like he did at the Watsons' house the night Tristram was shot. Not like in the photo booth. Short and gentle, and without any sound.
The kitchen was tainted by the echo of John and him laughing over takeaway. The desk by the memory of working on the songs together. Even the upstairs bathroom had the medicine cabinet he'd taken the lotion out of, and the downstairs one the bathtub-cum-murder scene. He might have to move house entirely. Which, given he no longer had the means to pay his mortgage, might end up not being a wholly voluntary decision.
"German, I think. But the stories are in English." Tristram carefully turns the brittle pages.
"That's my dad!" Tristram exclaims and jumps to his feet. He's out the door in a flash, excited to show off his phone and tell how he won the guessing game, with Emily close on his heels.
"I should think that fairly obvious," Sherlock says.
Behind him, Sherlock shifted in his chair, his low voice melding smoothly with the shadows and warmth of the room. "Misplaced jewelry, stalker, mistaken identity, runaway, car theft ring. I've made us £1200 while you were floundering around trying to find my father's patrol boat. He always puts it on the opposite side of the board from the aircraft carrier, remember for next time. Sent the details on the car thieves over to the Met. Might be a reward coming for that too, depends if they end up prosecuting or if there's a plea bargain."
"Come on, Dad!" she screams over the wind and surf.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and took it. Inside was - yes, the contract, salary a bit lower than someone with John's experience should command, but sufficient to live on, and it was John's business. And then another sheet of paper. Sherlock unfolded it and skimmed it. His eyes jumped to John's, hardly daring to hope...
"What's wrong?" Tristram whispers. His heart is still in his throat.
Source: http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2009/06/perfect-french-fries-recipe.html
"Not the whole time..." Sherlock mutters, but the protest doesn't even make it to half-hearted.
"Unhook it with what? Your teeth? Do as I say! Peel the adhesive off with your teeth and then pull the whole thing out. Make sure you keep it straight, and do it quickly. Now!" Father is right. He can't use his right hand at all, he obviously can't use his left to fiddle with anything on that arm, and he doesn't have enough finesse with his teeth to close the valve without possibly dislodging the part that's in his hand anyway.
"Tris and Sherlock have something special planned," her father explains, tilting his head toward Father, who is now leaning against the counter with his arms crossed, watching them.
"Someone made a power grab sooner than expected?" John guesses.
It turned out that no one could actually burp
Doctor Watson is standing up too now from the seat next to Emily and stretching. He smiles at Tristram, so Tristram can't help but smile back. Even Father glances up at Doctor Watson and smiles. A little, anyway.
"Sherlock!" Doctor Watson is on his feet right away.
He dashed up the stairs to Watson's bedroom. Martha had been so gratified to see, once the movers had finished installing the nursery, that they'd also taken out John's old bed and put it into the lumber room. She could tell from the pattern of footfalls that John had slept in Sherlock's room that first night, and every night since.
"The reason you don't sleep well. Are you awakened by nightmares, or do you have a hard time falling asleep in the first place? Although I suppose it could be both."
"Keep in touch," Doctor Watson says. It sounds like a reminder.
, starring David Tennant, with Marc Wootton reprising his role as the hyperactive teaching assistant. And the director, Deborah Isitt, has confirmed on her twitter @DeborahIsitt that she will be making a third movie in the series, to begin filming in November 2013 (although it didn't look like they'd started yet when I posted this).
"It could just be a coincidence-"
000000
"We practised it all morning. Right through the break."
"When I was first in the army," Doctor Watson begins, and Tristram's interest is immediately, helplessly piqued, because he knows that Doctor Watson used to be in the army, but he's never said a word about it. It's true they played army games yesterday, but Tristram realises only now that those scenarios were probably based on real ones Doctor Watson experienced. He wonders, with a somewhat guilty thrill, whether Doctor Watson has ever killed anyone.
John huffed out an amused breath. "It
Tristram also isn't sure which way he'd rather have it now. It's not just the kissing, but everything else too: laughing and talking and going out on cases (or dates). All things Tristram can't provide. Things that have revealed a whole new side of his father, one that he had no idea could even exist. He doesn't want his father to be unhappy. He knows it's wrong of him to think it, but it was easier before.
It didn't matter, in the end, John decided, because this had to be the first time he was sharing this with someone who loved him as fiercely, as deeply, as irrevocably as John did. No one who felt this for Sherlock could ever have left him. John hadn't left him either, he reasoned, despite Mycroft's accusations. Sherlock had left him, and even when John had married someone else, he'd never intended... Never. He hadn't understood, hadn't realised. John pulled Sherlock closer, held him tighter, as if the strength of his embrace could convey the fervor of his sentiment and erase any hurt he might have caused. To both of them.
The only pictures in Tristram's flat are of murder victims and suspects, and they only get sellotaped to the wall for a few days until Father solves their case.
"Me too, yeah," John agreed finally, because it was true. He was grateful to have Sherlock. To have been allowed back into his life.
After they wash their sticky fingers, they explore the house. Or rather, Emily explores, while Tristram trots along a couple of steps behind her, half apprehensive that she'll get into something she shouldn't, and half excited to see what happens when she does.
Doctor Watson holds a hand up to Emily to stop her chatter for a moment. "Yeah?" He looks over, his eyebrows raised expectantly.
Irene hooks her shoes over one finger by the straps. "I can probably buy you another five minutes," she tells him, swinging her legs over to the other side.
"Oh, I don't want to get in the way," she trilled, several notes higher than was normal for her, and that was saying something. "You just tell me what to do, contacting parents, organising costumes, whatever. You'll never even know I'm there."
"Okay," Tristram answers automatically, although it doesn't really matter whether he's happy or unhappy about something. It's going to happen either way.
&&&&&&
Yes, Tristram remembers. He hasn't thought about it since they had that conversation because he doesn't really want to go, but he knows John promised to do that, so he says, "Yeah."
Sherlock straightened his face out and held the cup out to John, who leaned over to tip it toward himself for a quick sip while still letting Sherlock hold it.
"Yes. Yep, that's about the size of things. But um, we can do Boxing Day. We can meet for dr- Coffee. Or something. Whatever you'd like."
Vanilla Wedding Cake
"What's going on?" Tristram hears Doctor Watson, loud and urgent, but he can't see him because there are arms around him. Father's arms. Pulling him away.
"Yeah." John hesitated. They'd gone back and forth on this ad nauseum that first day, when John had come home from work to find everything moved around. The very first moment, he'd thought this was what Sherlock intended: the two of them together, sharing a room, sharing much more. He'd been overwhelmed, unable to articulate a coherent thought in the face of what he thought was a blatant declaration, touched nearly to the point of tears. Sherlock must have seen something else on his face, though -- or perhaps exactly that, a commitment he didn't want -- and hastened to assure John that he, Sherlock, would be sleeping on the couch. That John would have his privacy. But now he was here, willingly. If confused.
They set the bed up in Tristram's room, and then Doctor Watson goes back downstairs. Emily, on the other hand, is immediately fascinated by his collection of small animal skulls and bones. He gets most of them from owl pellets passed on to him by a man at the London Zoo whom his father must have helped out once. Once, he got an entire iguana that had died of natural causes, but Tristram made a mess of taking it apart and felt sorry afterwards and asked only to be given things that were already skeletal from then on.
John gapes at him for several seconds. "Sorry what?" he asks.
“I'll get him there," Doctor Watson assures her. He sounds more certain than Tristram is. If Father is in the middle of chasing down a lead, he's not likely to want to make a detour to the hospital just to sign some papers.
Sherlock waited until John had his back to him, heading for the door, then turned the cup and put the spot John had drunk from against his lips. He ran his tongue over the crimp of the rim. It was impossible to taste anything other than the sugary residue of the tea. John turned to him, holding the door open. Sherlock quickly downed the rest of the tea and stuffed the cup surreptitiously into one of the generous outer pockets of his coat.
"Oh," Sherlock says into the startled silence. "We could probably have coordinated that better."
Tristram is unsure too. Doctor Watson is Father's friend, certainly. Father's boyfriend now, in fact, odd as that is. Does that mean he's automatically Tristram's friend, too? 'John'. It feels weird to think of him that way. He likes him, but he doesn't know if he'd really call him a friend. On the other hand, they play games and read books together, just like Tristram and Emily do. They've talked about things he'd never talk to anyone else about. They even have secrets together. Maybe he really is Tristram's friend too, not just Father's.
"Yeah, it's fine." It was fine. He was going to go insane, not get a wink of sleep, but that was absolutely more than fine.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh. "Maybe not all night," he allowed. "I did leave that formaldehyde thing going, should probably air things out at some point."
"Oh, I see," Uncle Mycroft says with great gravity. "Do you know, I believe two double-A batteries will do just as well. Perhaps four, if you wish to go back more than a hundred years. Young lady,
By this time, Emily has finished her sentences and joined them too, resting her chin on her arm and asking how a storm can be bigger than the whole earth.
"I would gladly pay you not to," Sherlock said, feeling the heat on the back of his neck, both from embarrassment and from the suggestion that there might have been more - that there was more, and that they both knew it.
"Like this?" John asks.
So they kept walking, on past the commercial district, talking about flesh-eating bacteria and
"Six months," John said firmly, sitting back so he could re-fold the letter and put it back in the envelope. "It's not a promise. I may still end up in my own place. But it's … something to aim for, anyway."
He sprang up, dumping dog and laptop, and went to retrieve his violin. He'd just work out a couple of simple melodies tonight. Facile ones, in fact: the children would have to learn them quickly. It wasn't a great challenge, but at least it would be a more rewarding intellectual exercise than Lestrade had set him. The fact that John might be impressed both by him making the effort and by the songwriting itself didn't even factor into it. Much.
John nudges with his hand on Sherlock's neck until Sherlock turns his head. John moves closer and kisses him gently. Sherlock shifts and puts his arm around John's back, returning the assurance along with several more kisses.
Father and Doctor Watson are standing together, like they were in the Watsons' living room, with their arms loosely around each other. Father has his head bent down so he can rest his forehead against Doctor Watson's. "You can still back out," he says quietly. "No regrets, no reproaches."
"Yeah, those are our dads," Emily says, beaming.
for so long, had convinced himself so thoroughly that it was tantamount to emotional suicide that his entire being revolted against so much as entertaining the thought now.
John appears unimpressed. "Would you? Or just what you think I need to hear?" He catches and holds Sherlock's gaze.
enclave of about 50,000 speakers centered around the city of Chur, but has generally been assimilated into the German area. (The total population of Switzerland is around 8 million.)
"Ladies and gentlemen, mums and dads!"
The man grunts. "Should have known. Sharing the suite with your father. Cosy. Here." He hands Tristram some more cake. "If you make a trail you might be able to get them to come right to you. Small crumbs now, or they'll be full before they get to you and lose interest."
"But I wasn't."
"You're doing excellent, Tris," Doctor Watson says. "I'm going to try and cover you up a bit here. You look pretty chilly." He carefully drapes his jacket over Tristram's legs. It stops the cold draft there, but he's still really cold. He'd rather have something over his back. Still, it makes Tristram feel better, somehow, like when Father put his coat over Tristram so he could sleep on the couch. He's not shaking as much now as he was before, either. He wonders again where his father's gone.
After he leaves, they get out a pack of cards and play Snap until their hands sting and they're laughing so much they make more mistakes than matches. They agree to call it a draw, and go rummage in the recycling bin for parts for their time machine.
Just then, Sherlock appeared in the door to the teachers' lounge, looking around. Looking for John. She nudged her chin in his direction. "There he is."
"We were too. We had something of a run-in. But Sherlock was amazing. He deduced all sort of things about a woman who'd been murdered just from her clothes, then tracked the killer through her phone. It was incredible."
"And I think..." Emily bites her lip and looks at him from under her lashes. "You'd miss Sherlock if we weren't here."
"Okay," Tristram says weakly. He doesn't know if his father heard him. Not that it matters. Father will do what he wants to either way. He pulls the blanket up to his nose and burrows down under it. It smells like his father, the same way his coat does, but sweeter, without the sour tobacco smell. He watches his father's reflection again in the gap between the curtains, but now he's sitting down and all Tristram can see in the window is the top of his head.
Introductions were made. The mother was Daisy, the sister Posy. Sherlock wondered how Molly had escaped a flower name. Molly and Lestrade greeted each other with a quick, self-conscious peck. Daisy hugged everyone. Posy shook hands as if it pained her, her smile never wavering. She was apparently to be the maid of honour. Mother and sister clearly assumed John to be Sherlock's boyfriend despite being introduced by Lestrade only as 'Dr Watson, a friend of Sherlock's'. ('Just John, please,' John had said briskly, not touching the rest of the statement.)
John shakes his head. "Not exactly. I mean, yes, she's functioning. But it troubles her. Actually..." He leans into the fridge to move things around and make room for the leftovers.
Sherlock had finished all of the cigarettes and moved Gladstone two more times before John finally turned up (hadn't been to a pub or out walking; Stamford's?). He had a takeout bag in his hand (staying in, doesn't feel like cooking but still has an appetite). It was dark now, and even with the street lighting Sherlock wasn't close enough to see his face in detail, but judging from the way he was moving, he was tired but not angry. Maybe he was more amenable.
The lovely achy presence in Sherlock's chest intensifies, becoming something fierce. "Like that, yes..." he growls, and at that moment he would, with absolute, terrifying certainty, destroy anyone who touched John the way he is now, who would try to lure those breaths and those sounds and those words out of John. No one else has the right to them. No one.
He only needed to glance at the envelope to know what was in it. "Congratulations. I told you they'd take you."
Father's eyes flash to Doctor Watson, then back to Tristram. "What were they doing?"
John laughed. Not one of the short, tension-defusing puffs of air from before, but a full-bodied chuckle of real amusement. Sherlock was offended. That was not how people were supposed to react to his accusations.
"Paraffin," he concluded after not too many seconds.
He looks at the blue plastic valve sticking out past the plastic patch, like a see-through plaster, holding everything down. When he needs to change his clothes, the nurse somehow unhooks the IV line there, and then re-attaches it. Surely he could do that.
"We don't have what we came for yet," Sherlock says quietly. He walks over and reaches behind John to open the window. John gapes a bit but moves aside to let Irene pass.
"They're probably just looking for something, or talking to someone," Tristram says. From what he's heard his father talking about with clients and the police, that's what most of his work consists of, aside from doing things on the computer.
There's the lounge, the formal reception room, and the winter garden, of course. They skip Uncle Mycroft's office for the time being, and go on to the library, which Tristram is especially keen for Emily to like, because it's his personal favourite. She's duly impressed by the tall stacks of books, but she doesn't really get enthusiastic until Tristram pulls out an unassuming book with a crumbling brown cover. Inside, on thick yellow pages separated by thin layers of tissue paper, are the most wonderful, delicately coloured illustrations of lumpy giants and dragons with gossamer wings, wizened old men and hunchbacked crones.
"Hey!" she protests, looking at him in surprise.
His phone buzzed.
Tristram remains silent. He hears her shoes clicking further into the room. The light shifts as she comes closer. Tristram tries to pull himself even further into the closet.
All too soon, it was time to return to the school. It didn't seem real that this was the last time he and John would see each other. In a couple of hours, Sherlock would talk to Lestrade, and then he would be asked to gather his belongings and not come back. That part would actually be a relief. It was the other part, the impending separation, that was uncomfortable. More than uncomfortable, in fact. It simply felt wrong, like two people leaving three sets of footprints. It niggled at Sherlock, sat heavy in his stomach. He hoped he'd get over it quickly. He certainly didn't want to have to deal with emotional fallout over this. That would defeat the purpose entirely.
Tristram shakes his head and reassures Doctor Watson: "No, my father walked with me. He had something to take care of, though, so he already left."
"Daddy!" Emily shrieks. Her fists come up to her cheeks. Tristram's not sure whether she's more shocked by the expletive or the attack.
Sherlock stood at the foot of the steps leading up to the Lord Mayor's mansion, watching the evening traffic crawl past in the street in front of him. It was dark already, although it was only just after six. The streets were festooned with Christmas lights in unnatural green and red tones. Shoppers in puffy coats mixed with office workers across the street, pushing their way through to their buses. Every once in a while a black cab or private car would stop at the kerb and disgorge individuals or small groups of people in evening wear, who then flowed past him up the stairs.
"We need to walk out there in front of my parents, Mycroft, your sister, and all your friends in about three minutes," Sherlock pointed out without removing his hand from John's crotch.
John hissed in a sudden breath, and Sherlock looked up quickly, prepared to see annoyance, but instead was met with the sight of John's head thrown back, eyes shut, and his lower lip between his teeth; it might have been pain, but in the next second John tilted his head back down and opened his eyes, and the raw wonder there gave Sherlock all the confidence he needed to smirk and duck his head back down to drop open-mouthed kisses over John's stomach, which fluttered and shivered under his lips, up to the harder ridge of his ribcage and the gallop of that life-giving muscle beneath it.
"To um... to Sherlock's... He's this bloke I work with..."
"And you're sure it's all right?" John asked as they got into the cab. He and Sherlock took the forward-facing back seats while the children climbed happily into the jump seats. "I mean we can't just take them-"
So, "Come here," he answered, low and firm, and got onto Sherlock's bed. This man and his heart were his responsibility, and he was going to make sure he was as safe and secure as John could make him. As safe and secure as he made John.
Sherlock flicked a finger at it. "Addressed to you, from the clinic you applied to. Several sheets of paper, judging by the thickness. An employment contract, obviously."
"You can tell him to piss off," he mutters, his fingers twitching on the handle of the lid.
"Pretend a little less realistically," he says, looking like his normal, calm self again.
The only book Tristram has with him other than school books is the Harry Potter book, and somehow he doesn't think it would be a good idea to bring that up, as Doctor Watson has expressly forbidden Emily to read it. There are lots of books in the library, of course, but that's downstairs, and Tristram has enough experience with being sent away so that adults can discuss adult things to recognise Doctor Watson's intention that Tristram and Emily remain upstairs, out of earshot.
"Oh, so you'll scratch my dog's itch but not mine," Sherlock called after him.
Doctor Watson gives Tristram a knowing smile. "All right, I know, more data. Third clue: Sherlock and I can also use it to know where you are."
She and Kate look at each other. Tristram has the impression they're having an argument without using any words, the same way John and Father do sometimes. They both have pretty good glares going, but Tristram's not surprised when Kate's the one who ends up backing down.
Tristram declines any of the biscuits and apple slices and milk that Doctor Watson gives them, saying he's full from the fizzy drink. His stomach really does feel a little queasy. Doctor Watson looks concerned and asks if Tristram wants to lie down, but he's afraid if he does that he'll cry, so he says no.
All in all, it's starting to get dark by the time Tristram's done, but his bad mood is gone, and when he and Emily run upstairs to her room, she's shouting about making adjustments to their time machine so that they can visit other planets as well as traveling through time.
There aren't any in the house at the moment, but to Tristram's surprise and delight, Father sets up his microscope on the kitchen table and gets out a box of empty slides. Tristram's allowed to use Father's microscope whenever he wants, of course, as long as Father isn't using it, but today, Father doesn't just get the equipment out and leave them to it. He helps them mount samples of their hair, saliva, snot (Emily's idea), epithelial cells from the inside of their cheeks, even blood from finger pricks, and view them at various magnifications. Tristram has the idea to get out a notebook and write everything down, noting the differences between their samples, and Emily makes some quite decent drawings to illustrate the notes.
"What?"
"And this?" Sherlock found John's lips already parted when he descended on them again. It was almost frightening how easy it was. As if he'd always done this. John was pushing him a little now, testing whether he could change the pace. Sherlock let him, curious himself to see what it felt like to cede control, and in doing so he realised that he
"Yes," Sherlock says; solemnly, almost reverently. He wraps his arms around John's back and holds him against his chest.
He would have liked to take a sample of the water to Molly and have her run some tests on it, but he could never figure how to keep back enough to be useful, with Sherlock hanging over him until he finished and whisking the glass away to wash the moment he was. He did the next best thing and had every conceivable test done on his blood the next day, but of course they couldn't find anything.
Tristram says good-bye to Doctor Watson, then to Emily, and then they are back outside, running through the rain to the kerb, where the cab his father rang for is already waiting.
Doctor Watson smiles and lets out a big sigh. "Thank God. You just about gave me a heart attack with that one." Tristram's pretty sure he's teasing, although his alarm did seem real. "But really, Tris, anything. Any time."
"Safe. For now," Irene says, placing a casual emphasis on the last word. "Oh, don't look like that. Really, you don't imagine I would have left him anywhere he might get ... I don't know, poisoned or shot?"
Sherlock scowls. "Don't presume you can tell me what's best for my child, just because you're a doctor."
Tristram knows that's not entirely true. Father's work is the most important thing in his life. But that's fine. Really fine, not just saying it's fine. Tristram is perfectly happy with his life with his father. He's not sure about the love part either. He knows that parents are supposed to love their children, but he honestly, truly has no idea what his father would say if anyone asked him whether he loved Tristram. Certainly he's never said it to him. If anyone asked Tristram whether he loved his father, he'd say 'yes' because he knows it's expected, but he's not sure that all the complicated things that well up in him when he thinks about his father is what other people call 'love'. It's not like there's a litmus test for it. Maybe Father has the same problem.
John tugged gently and started to walk back to the bedroom. Sherlock followed, a silent shadow, his fingers warm and hard between John's. His left, Sherlock's right. John still wore his wedding ring. He should take it off. He wasn't married any longer. Any promises he'd made to Mary had ended at her death, if not before. And yet. There was still something. The wedding, the preparations. Sherlock had been such an integral part of it all. And Sherlock was still here.
A tiny clench jolted Bill's heart as he momentarily flashed back to their own little girl. So long ago. So much pain. He'd locked her memory away, tried to forget her. Like the stillborn boy Vi had delivered between Myc and Sherlock. They hadn't even named him. Best that way, the nurses had advised. These things happen. Nature's way. Wasn't meant to be. Put it behind you and try again. It was different to lose a seven-year-old, of course. It had to be. And yet the pain had felt remarkably similar.
"He spent quite a while playing with your breasts," he said once he'd completed his survey there. "Mouth and hands. Sucked and bit - not hard. You don't like it too rough. He enjoys your breasts quite a lot. Expected. You enjoy it too. You like the power they have over him."
When there was no response after several minutes, Sherlock began to think John had neglected to recharge his phone again. He stood to call Gladstone back, thinking they might take the long way back past John's flat, when his message alert chimed.
It was a good thing Sherlock had been so quick off the mark, as Lestrade was just coming out of his office, pulling on his trenchcoat, obviously on his way to meet his wife for mediation.
"It's new."
"I don't know. Shoot me?" John tries to level his gaze at Sherlock, but he can't help his eye flickering down to the gap in Sherlock's shirt. It's unbuttoned all the way now, but the way the material is hanging he still can't get a good look at the wound.
"They're just watching," Father says. "If they'd wanted to do anything, they could have done when we came home earlier."
"Yeah, how are the kids? Everything go well?"
Sender: John
The sound of a key in the front door startles everyone into action. Emily and Tristram jump up and run toward the front hall. Tristram doesn't even care that the DVD isn't done yet. He already knows that the were-rabbit is actually Wallace. Obvious.
Sherlock grins predatorily and advances on him. "Hello," he purrs. He crawls up the bed until he's poised on all fours right in front of John. He nuzzles his face against John's before kissing him, first gently, then more deeply.
with one hundred percent certainty - that desire was the worst possible danger of all. It would ruin him if he gave into it. The problem was, he already had.
John popped the last chestnut into his mouth, bumping his arm against Sherlock's and smiling again.
Father grunts an acknowledgment.
"Where should I start?" Father asks.
"Think we're kind of in the way here," John said. No need to shout, his mouth right next to Sherlock's ear. His hands spread across Sherlock's back, also rubbing, caressing.
"Feeling's quite mutual," Sherlock said unsteadily, his head dropping with his chin to his chest as he adjusted to the new sensations inside.
I had never before wondered at his lack of interest in forming any intimate connections. He always said he had no use for omegas, and I took him at his word. Truly, there was no place for a mate in his life. He was satisfied with his dabblings and investigations, and the hours he kept would have driven any omega in their right mind to distraction. But in that moment - and truthfully, in many other moments during our acquaintance that I had habitually dismissed as preposterous and unlikely - I saw another possibility. Not that he was an invert; no, I did not believe he desired his own gender any more than he did either of the other two. But at that moment, I had to wonder if the tender look on his face were not a reflection of the same suppressed impulses to which I was subject from time to time, and had narrowly escaped succumbing to scant moments ago.
"What do you imagine my intention is, then?" Holmes leaned down to speak the question close to my ear, so low that I did not think it was audible to anyone else. His cheek brushed my ear and his hand rested on my head, such that he was all but embracing me. If I had turned my head just then, it would have been difficult to avoid rubbing my nose and mustache against his face. His omega perfume was either wearing off or his natural scent growing stronger, for the smell was quite unmistakable now, although perhaps only because of our close proximity.
When Tristram takes his hand away from his arm, it feels wet. Did he splash water on himself when he was getting ready for bed? He touches the outside of the cast, but it feels dry. He slides his fingers just inside the top of the cast, where he was scratching, and they come away wet again. Did he somehow get water inside the cast? It's not supposed to get wet. He gets out of bed and goes into the bathroom for a towel.
However, Clarenden Management hadn't responded to his email, and it turned out they took lunch breaks too. Rather than wait until the afternoon to ring them, Sherlock decided to resort to the brute force method, although it would be a bit trickier from his phone. He was just getting set up to hack into John's bank account to check his monthly debits when John wandered into 221A with a stack of papers in his hand.
"No, you would not have," John says sternly.
Irene takes the handbag and undoes the clasp, checks the contents, and snaps it shut again. "It's not that I don't have complete confidence in your abilities, but you know, this is personal."
The visitor earlier had apparently not been Mycroft, who had still not arrived, but a friend dropping off a Christmas fruitcake. Mrs Holmes was about to leave shortly for her own gift delivery rounds and last-minute errands while Mr Holmes stayed home to keep an eye on the Christmas pudding that was already in the steamer. John secretly took it to be a kind excuse; Mr Holmes was no longer able to keep up on foot with his wife, who always gave the impression of being on urgent business. He also had a bit of a tummyache, he said, from sampling the batter -- and most likely some of everything else, John thought privately: the sideboard with the baked goods looked decidedly less populated than it had the previous night. John could certainly see where Sherlock got his sweet tooth from.
Sherlock shrugs. "It would have been the most pragmatic solution. Neither of us were in any position to raise a child. Not merely for lack of funds. Back then, I was... " He looks away, up at the ceiling. "I experimented. Pills, mostly. Whatever I could get my hands on. Godfreya ... Irene... that was an experiment too. I don't recall most of it." He closes his eyes, a slight crease between them, as if inwardly seeking the missing memory.
Sherlock slides up John's body until their hips are aligned. He holds himself up enough that the heaviness between his legs bumps against John's without the weight of his body crushing him. Their kisses this time are deep and lingering. When Sherlock lets his weight sink a fraction lower, his hips start circling and his kisses become sloppier. John plucks at the side of his pants.
"Possibly," John agreed as he slid onto the back seat of the taxi next to Sherlock. He looked unfairly good (unfair because the taxi driver - devout Muslim, two wives (one back in Nigeria, the second here) - was already eyeing them suspiciously, and it would be annoying to have to find another taxi on Christmas Day) with his hair slicked back and the silk blend scarf Sherlock had given him a couple of days earlier around his neck. And Sherlock hadn't even seen the suit yet, hidden as it was under John's coat. The scarf was decidedly not a Christmas present, as they'd decided not to exchange Christmas presents; John had bought him the supple leather gloves he was currently wearing, purely on impulse and because his old ones were already a couple of years old and wearing at the seams.
John holds his eye. His anger and unhappiness is still there, but there's determination and resolve, along with something that not even Sherlock's deception can extinguish. He takes a deep breath and prompts, "Tristram and Emily?"
An iceberg: a very apt analogy, this time. Sherlock already knew he was going to be broken, perhaps even destroyed, by this man. And yet here he was, sailing full-speed ahead on a collision course.
"Can you turn the light off?" Sherlock finally says. His voice is low and thick, as if he's congested.
"Your wife," I explained, encompassing his figure with a broad gesture, as if to explain my conclusion. In point of fact, I did not see any unequivocal evidence of his bereavement: he was not wearing mourning, and his countenance did not betray sadness or grief. Of course, she might have died some weeks or even months ago. Perhaps he had waited until the customary mourning period had passed before undertaking the journey here. The fact that he had not mentioned her passing in one of his letters was slightly remarkable, but then the existence of his spouse was one of the topics which was tacitly never mentioned between us, just as I did not inform him of the occasional forays I made across the Channel to the Continent.
"We'll see you tonight, Tris," he says.
Tristram's father puts his hand on Doctor Watson's shoulder, his head bent down close. Doctor Watson's mouth is in a thin line, and his fist clenches, but he nods. Tristram's father's mouth quirks up, but he's not really happy; it just means he's got his way.
"Now you really are being delusional," John snaps.
John carefully laid his hand back on Sherlock's shoulder. "Like this?"
"You never watched Batman, did you," John said with a mixture of amusement and resignation. "Oh come on," he added at the look on Sherlock's face, "tell me you've at least heard of Batman?"
Hearing that, hearing and seeing John's absolute conviction, Sherlock's stomach did something funny, and it wasn't the usual pleasant thing it had taken to doing around John.
She lets out a short, muffled shriek. The floodlights switch on with a clack. Sherlock is already on his way back inside. John checks over the edge. Irene is picking herself up from the lawn, her shoes still delicately dangling from one finger. She tilts her head up to catch John's eye and hitches her dress up around her hips. "Remember: make him beg," she calls softly up to him, grins, and starts running.
I nodded. "More."
John looked up at Sherlock, suddenly hesitant. "You have had-"
John stood up and went into the kitchen. The lights were all off, but he could see the uneven bundle lying across the couch. John's heart was in his throat. Maybe this was a terrible idea. Sherlock was going to say no. This was a mistake. He should just leave things as they were. Let Sherlock's parents think whatever the hell they wanted. They'd beg off after dinner, say they needed to get Rosie back. Say Sherlock had an experiment running. Say they had a case. Lies. No. Not the way he wanted to live. No more lies. Lies had got them into this mess. Lies had ruined him and Mary. He didn't want them to ruin him and Sherlock. Not any more. They still had a chance.
Tristram thinks he sees where Doctor Watson is going with this. He's pretty much describing Father's attitude toward the people in his cases, both the victims he's able to help, their families, and those who are beyond help. Father cares about solving the cases, but he doesn't care about the people. He doesn't get sad when someone dies, even if it's a serial killer case and there's a new victim while he's working on it. In fact, he likes those best because they give him the freshest data.
"And yet you did," Mycroft points out.
"What do you mean?" John returns stiffly.
"Oh really, sex," Sherlock drawls dismissively. "How tedious. And here I thought we were going to discuss business, not engage in some fourteen-year-old locker room talk."
"My pleasure," John says. He squeezes Tristram's shoulder and stands up so he can wash his hands again.
He clasps Sherlock's hand in both of his, both defiant and desperately afraid he's pushed Sherlock too far.
"John, I won't hear another word. Now hurry and gather her things. I'll sit with her while she finishes dinner."
in Meiringen with an airport that you can visit to see the military jets. I wanted to include it in the story because I liked the army connection for John, but then it just seemed like too much and I couldn't think of a good story-related reason for them to go there. But if you are ever in the area, it might be worth a visit. They also put on air shows once in a while.
Although Sherlock could only agree, at the same time he had the unnatural impulse to reassure John. Guilt wasn't productive in this instance, and even though Sherlock was still hurt by what John had done - now compounded by the knowledge that he and Lestrade had discussed Sherlock's personal life - seeing John suffer for it didn't give him any satisfaction. Odd.
He's been standing there for several minutes when he catches movement in the corner of his eye. He tries to make out what it is, but staring directly at the spot makes it disappear. He looks away, and catches the movement again. It's bigger than a fox or a badger. In fact, Tristram is fairly certain it must be a person. Whatever (whoever) it is, it's skirting the edge of the path, keeping just within the shadow of the trees. Now there is a brief flash of light, tiny and yellow, followed by a much duller orange spot and then nothing again. It doesn't take long for Tristram to realise that the strange figure has lit a cigarette.
John looked away, suddenly shy. Rubbed his eyebrow with his thumb. "Um. We'd better--" He nodded toward the door. "The car's probably waiting."
That's what Mrs Hudson always said, anyway, when Father would sweep out of the house after days of inactivity, calling out, 'Off out, Mrs Hudson,' on his way past her door.
Another silence. Then, quietly but with an unmistakable air of having finally made sense of something: "Your mother."
John reluctantly let go of Sherlock's nipples and moved further down the bed so that he could reach between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock shifted his legs apart again, slowly this time to avoid jostling the chain. If he still had that much control and presence of mind, he really wasn't ready yet, John realised. He could see the broad, round black base of the dildo jutting out from between Sherlock's glistening arse cheeks, slick with the copious amount of lubricant he'd used earlier to insert it. He grasped the gently vibrating device and slowly jiggled it back and forth to see if it was stuck anywhere, but it seemed to be easy enough to dislodge.
Sherlock felt helpless. He couldn't argue with that. "I can't- This is who I am, John. I can't apologise for that."
John grins. "You've found a way."
Their lips separated with a gentle click, and Sherlock rested his forehead against John's, his eyes closed, and pressed his nose into John's cheek. "Yes," Sherlock breathed out, in answer to John's question. He hadn't known he was looking for it, but he'd found it, and he wasn't about to let it go again.
Tristram pulls his side of the cover up and next to him, Emily does the same. Despite the unhappy awakening this morning, the bed did turn out to be more comfortable than it looked like it would be when it was a couch. It's also big enough that they both have room to lie on their backs without touching each other, which is good because Tristram needs to have a bit of extra space for his cast. He carefully lays that arm on top of the cover as an extra precaution against Emily possibly rolling over onto it.
"It's like the engine for the time machine. It runs on plutonium. Do you think your dad could get us some?"
"I said half a kilometre. It's less, maybe four hundred metres," Sherlock wheedles.
Then there is more shouting - Tristram can't see from where - and Father lowers the time machine, very slowly and carefully, and sets it on the floor, then kicks it away. Then, also very slowly, keeping his hands up over his head, he lays down flat on the floor. And then there are men with guns all over him.
Sherlock hummed.
"It's material, but it's up to you." John slaps his thighs with both hands. "I'm going to try and get some anyway." He makes as if to stand, but Sherlock speaks first.
Doctor Watson keeps his hand on Tristram's shoulder as they go over to the bathroom.
"Yeah," John says, laughing a bit. "He asked whether we'd got married."
Not that Sherlock has first-hand knowledge of the latter. Not anymore. John may have moved out of the house he shared with Mary, but he hasn't returned to Baker Street. Sherlock must rely on the tint of John's skin, the tone of his muscles and the timbre of his voice to determine the quality of his slumber.
Sherlock deliberately put his hand around his penis and pulled at it lazily while watching John, side-lit from the bathroom, encouraging the nascent arousal.
John snorts. "Yeah, is it? Because I have no idea what I'm doing. I've abandoned my grieving wife, I've handed in my notice so I'll be out of a job come the end of the month, and I've alienated the only person in the world who I actually want in my life. And, I ordered this fucking artisan beer and it tastes like horse piss. Which, I actually know what that tastes like, ta very much."
Preheat oven to 400 F / 200 C.
On Monday morning, the rain's stopped, and his father walks with him to school. He's in thinking mode. Tristram knows better than to bother him by asking about Emily and Doctor Watson's visit. He doesn't stick around to wait for Emily and her father, either, just wishes Tristram a good day absentmindedly and walks away, already in the middle of sending a text message.
"I also like having you here. Being here with you." The silence following that announcement was loud in John's ears. Rushing, dizzying.
are that object, Holmes, and whether you are lost or not is what I am here to determine." His hands clenched on the table top, and I barely restrained myself from reaching for them. As it was, I could scarce bring myself to breathe as I listened to the rest of his speech. "I have been blind and inconstant," he said. "My only excuse is that I did not understand what we had, and what we were. I thought of what we did, you and I, as a convenience or expediency to avoid sullying the virtue of unknown ladies. I thought that all men must do it from time to time, if they were unable to find a willing female, when their hunger became too great. I was confused by the depth of the attachment which I developed, but put it down to our close living arrangement. I believed that when I had a wife, I would develop the same or even greater feelings toward her. And so I sought one, and ran from you, because I felt otherwise I must go mad. Kitty and some friends of hers have shown me, though, that two men or women can be as devoted to each other as a man and wife. That their bond can be as true. I know that they are right because I recognised myself in them." When he raised his eyes to mine, they were pleading and raw as he begged, "Do you understand?"
Irene holds her head up and ignores them all. But she's not really ignoring them, because her steps fall into the same rhythm as theirs. Tristram joins in chanting on the next round. By the time Irene brings them to a halt again, Tristram and Emily are both breathless and laughing.
On Monday morning, he put on and tossed aside two shirts (the green silk blend was too obvious, the black one made him look too pale) and was about to discard the third (the cream herringbone, unimaginative) before he caught his eye in the mirror and snarled. He finished buttoning it up with as much violence as it was possible to button a shirt up with, and pointedly did not rearrange the errant curl sticking out awkwardly over his right ear. It was horrid, positively hateful, how his every move had unconsciously become a play to gain John's favour.
Irene wrinkles her nose. "Sherlock, really. He's cute, but don't you find him rather dense?"
They clear off the kitchen table so they can sit there and do their homework. They have a double load to make up for the day of school they missed. Doctor Watson sits down with them and helps Emily with her maths while Tristram does his reading. It's a poem, something about a man going to sea. Tristram finishes it quickly - it's pretty short - but he sits there for a while looking the words over again, because it's funny how it makes him think of Father. Father has no interest in sailing that Tristram knows of, yet lines like 'I must go down to the seas again, to the lonely seas and sky' and the 'vagrant gypsy life' resound in a startling way. It's the call of adventure, the thrill of the unknown, the challenge of one man against nature (or against all the criminal underworld of Greater London). The last two lines, especially, give Tristram pause:
"Why?"
Possibly. On further consideration: "No."
"It was a gift from fate that brought us together here," Irene says. Her voice is just at the right pitch to send prickles up Tristram's scalp. "And I don't intend to let it go to waste. But I also don't intend to disrupt your life. I have a contract to finish here, and after that ... maybe I'll go back to England, just for a little while, and we can get to know each other better. But only if you want it. And if you decide it's too soon, I'll make sure you always know where to find me, in case you ever change your mind."
Sherlock looked up at John. His eyes were red and his hair resembled a bird's nest. "Dance with me," he said, his voice hoarse. "Afterwards, at the reception."
Sender: John
"No," he agreed, smiling. "And now I think that's quite enough about my flatmate."
John flumped down, landing half on top of Sherlock. He tilted Sherlock's head with his hand on Sherlock's chin and kissed him slowly and thoroughly. Sherlock couldn't really appreciate it, though, as his cock was still screaming for attention. He picked it up again, aware that the slickness on it now was mostly from John, which wasn't entirely hygienic but he honestly couldn't be arsed. He jerked at himself, hard and fast, while John lifted himself up on one arm and stared down at him.
- so he goes back upstairs and gets dressed, then goes down to Mrs Hudson's. She makes him far too much breakfast - as if he couldn't make toast and pour milk for himself, but he knows she likes to feed him and his father - and tells him she'll be going out to the shops in the afternoon, and he's to come along. Until then, she says he's welcome to sit with her and watch telly while she does the ironing but he decides he has more interesting things to do upstairs.
Doctor Watson grins. "I'll see what I can do."
"Yeah, I know you do," John said, and he couldn't help how unsteady his voice was because God help him, just the thought of that long, hot dick bareback up his arse now that it had been primed so long and well was almost enough to make him say fuck it and take matters into his own hands. But that wasn't how this went. "So we can do that," John said with what he thought was admirable restraint, "but you can't touch me. And the nipple clamps go back on but the vibrator comes out. I'll fuck myself on you as long as you want, and you can come whenever you want." Which probably wouldn't be long, John thought to himself.
Due to the angle his head's wedged in at, all Tristram can see are her shoes and her sheer black-stockinged legs from the knees down. She has on high heels, black, with sparkly bits. They look very fancy and utterly impractical. She drops down into a crouch to peer at him. She's wearing a sparkly black dress and her hair is piled up on top of her head with sparkly pins in it, and her face is made up with dark colours. She gets a little line between her eyebrows when she sees him.
Sherlock flumped back and scowled out the window, but put his hand on top of John's and gave it a brief squeeze. It was hateful how sunny and cheerful it was outside. The streets were dry, and the taxi flew along the largely empty thoroughfare. It was Christmas; it was supposed to be dreary and gray, the weather matching his mood and giving everyone an excuse for sniping at each other. But now John was here with him, and he was finding it difficult to maintain his pique.
"Yeah, just about the only useful bit I got out of the service." John looked around at the crowd (locating exits, mapping routes of egress) while Sherlock turned in his own coat. John's hands were clenched in his trouser pockets (increased stress level).
I spread the impregnated cloth on the mattress and started to dispose of my own top layers. Holmes was at his dresser, poking around the bottles and tins he kept scattered across its surface.
While recovering in hospital, Tristram receives another body-part message. Sherlock realizes that it is impossible to guarantee his son's safety any longer, and decides to leave for Switzerland, accompanied by John and Emily. At the airport, Tristram sees the man he thought was a bodyguard. Sherlock realizes that is the sniper, and creates a diversion that allows John and the children to get to safety as well as resulting in the man being arrested. The story ends with the four of them setting off for Switzerland once again, this time on a holiday to recover. Or is it?
In order not to be called on to do anything himself, he set out in search of Gladstone. He needed a cigarette, and taking the dog for a walk was the perfect excuse.
Sherlock's phone buzzed. He took it out of his pocket, annoyed. Lestrade. Stupid. The man knew he never took a call. And four messages. Tedious. He stuffed his phone back into his pocket. Whatever it was could wait until tomorrow. He hadn't been able to get the information about John's rent either, and now it was the weekend. He'd wanted John to stay over again tonight, but he really needed to use his computer at home to get a proper look at John's bank account, and that would obviously be better to do without him around. He was considering whether it was worth the risk of sneaking back downstairs once John was asleep when the blue flashing lights of a police car ahead caught his attention.
She turns back to Tristram with wide eyes and whispers, "Is he doing something? I mean, is he trying to catch the bogeyman?"
John beamed, and Sherlock felt like much less of an idiot. Then he felt even more of an idiot, because he was actually having an emotional reaction - not just one, an entire series - to someone he would never see again. Never would find out how exactly he had been injured or why he was here or how many colours his eyes could turn, and in what circumstances - Sherlock stopped the thought process abruptly. That was certainly enough of that. Instead, he fell back on his standard rejection to personal advances, speaking in a near monotone as he looked at the top of John's right ear.
John interrupts gently, "It's all right, Sherlock. We're all on a learning curve here. I don't have any expectations. Ignore Harry and Clara. They like to pretend they live in a soap opera. I'd like it if we could be friends, at least, for Tris and Emily's sake. They've certainly hit it off like a house on fire."
"See you in a bit," she said and waved.
He must have noticed that I had paused in my task, as his eyes snapped open and his expression returned to its usual aloofness. I tried to do the same, the realization that my face was even more likely than his to have revealed my thoughts making it difficult to achieve. I hurriedly lowered my gaze to the buckle and fumbled to fasten it in place. My fingers could not help but brush his neck as I did so, and it took all my willpower not to continue the caress up to cup his jaw in my palm.
"Sorry," they both apologised. John had turned his head toward Sherlock, and all of a sudden their faces were very close. Sherlock inhaled abruptly, getting a whiff of John's scent, a cheap mixture of SureMen, Palmolive, and Voltarol. He was torn between stepping back and leaning in. His pulse throbbed in his throat.
Tristram is jolted into full wakefulness. In his entire conscious memory, they have never had guests for a meal at their flat, other than Mrs Hudson. She's not a guest, though; she lives there. Not even Uncle Mycroft has ever been invited to eat with them. Tristram is a bit unsettled by the idea of having other people in the space which is usually reserved only for him and Father. At the same time, he finds he wants to share it with Emily. And Doctor Watson and Father seem to be getting on famously now. Surely it will be fine.
"Does Emily's father know?"
1 chicken breast
Sherlock took one last deep draw of his cigarette and held the smoke in, milking it for the last few micrograms of nicotine. The tip glowed bright orange. Molly looked over John's shoulder, back toward the stage area. Right at Sherlock. Annoyed at himself, he dropped the butt and ground it out with the toe of his shoe, swivelling around at the same time to leave.
But Irene said, 'They don't want John and Emily, Tristram. They want you.'
Not only that, but there were the touches. Nothing crass, no public displays of affection. Small gestures originating with Dr Watson that the casual observer wouldn't even notice. A tap on the arm, a brush to the back, a nudge with a foot, a bump of a knee. He had never acted that way prior to his return to Baker Street. (And Mycroft had checked back over multiple years worth of footage to arrive at that conclusion.) But now he reached out to Sherlock at every opportunity. And Sherlock responded like a flower to the sun: re-aligning his posture, leaning in, pressing closer. Obviously, a physical barrier had been overcome at some point between then and now. And Mycroft had no doubt what that physical barrier was. In fact, it was so clear that his brain automatically filled in the rest of the blanks for him.
Sherlock squirmed, wishing he had something in his hands to fiddle with. If he was going to be teased, he really would call it off. "No, like the person who will field all the unavoidable questions and lie through their teeth to keep this farce going until it can blow up even more spectacularly in our faces than it would if we simply ended it now."
If nothing else, Sherlock was no novice when it came to kissing, and John gave himself over to the exploration, the discovery, the wonder of this, the thing he'd never let himself dare to imagine. Having Sherlock here with him, warm and soft and hard all at the same time. Pliant and plying, their bodies curved around and into each other, legs interlaced, hands under t-shirts now, stumbling across skin just becoming tacky with perspiration. The smell of them together, unmistakably male, primal, heady.
Uncle Mycroft gives him one of his fake little smiles. "Tristram. How is your hand?"
There would be a candle, of course. And this time John wouldn't say anything about it. They would sit at the table by the window, and everyone would think they were a couple, and this time it would be true. And then maybe Greg would text them, and maybe there would end up being a footrace through London, an adventure in the sewers, danger on the rooftops. Or maybe they would come back home and make love, make it however they wanted, make each other feel and see and taste and know that they were each other's better half. That there was no one else they would rather be with, no one who could ever be what they were to each other. Friends. Partners. In everything. Always.
"I'm sure no one will ever connect-"
Still, the fridge works - even though it groans and shudders a bit - and they discover butter and milk and cranberry juice inside. There are a couple of half-hard rolls in the bread box, and Emily finds the dishes and silverware by opening all the cabinets and drawers she can reach.
"She had all sorts of games and toys. Board games and Legos and dolls and even ping-pong. She let me choose, so I picked the Geomag. I built a pretty good flux capacitor."
Moriarty turned to Sherlock with a look of wide-eyed delight. "Why Sherlock, how marvelous! I must admit, I didn't expect that. I like it. You must be trying to impress someone."
"Doctor Watson?" he says tentatively. He hears blankets rustling. A light is on in the room; probably one of the small lamps next to the bed, judging by the level of illumination.
"I am an alpha," he stated, as if to make sure I understood the term.
John woke before his alarm the next morning. He wasn't sure what had woken him until he heard the light snoring beside him and smiled, feeling deeply satisfied and surprisingly well rested. He hadn't noticed Sherlock coming to bed last night; either he'd stayed up very late, or John had just been that tired. He checked his watch on the nightstand. His alarm would go off in twenty minutes anyway. No use trying to go back to sleep.
John opened his eyes again to look at Sherlock. Indignation at Harry, anger, maybe at Harry, maybe at John's father. At John, for not telling him earlier? Definitely curiosity. He had no doubt Sherlock would be looking up the case at the first opportunity. As long as John didn't have to explain. He didn't know all the details himself. Maybe it was time for him to read the file. He'd tossed away Mary's memory stick for the same reasons. If he'd taken a look at the contents, maybe much of the ensuing heartache could have been avoided.
Tristram's thoughts must show on his face, because Father sighs in a put-upon way and says, "I ran into her last night and told John when I came back. You were already asleep. This was..." He shakes his head and straightens up away from the railing so he can face Tristram. "I suppose I expected her to show up again at some point, but I wasn't prepared for it to be now, and here. It is, though, and we simply have to make the best of it."
"Damn the bus fare!" John snapped. Gladstone, at his feet, flinched away. "Not you, Gladstone, sorry," John said more gently and patted the dog on the back. He stood up and stepped away, toward the other side of the room. Which also took him farther away from Sherlock. "Right. Erm..." He leaned back against the edge of the desk and crossed his arms. And his ankles. The body language was certainly clear enough. "What do you mean with 'come back'?" John asked. "To the school, you mean? Why should I? There's no more play."
"I don't really give a damn why he's here. The point is, he is, and he's done right by those kids. And," John added, nodding at the stage, "made a nice fool out of Jim Moriarty at the same time."
, when everything he kept so firmly tamped down and wrapped up came flooding to the surface. No, right now, he was still in control. He could, purely on an aesthetic level, appreciate the supernal asymmetry of John's body: the counterclockwise whorl of his hair at the nape of his neck; the surprisingly unobtrusive puckered scar of the bullet wound high on one shoulder (the exit wound on his chest was slightly larger but not much more spectacular); the map of freckles, moles, and other minor blemishes that Sherlock could draw by heart (and had done) without looking; the slight tilt of his hips as he (still) favoured his left leg, even now, even in this.
John smiled faintly. "Yeah. Me too. That's... probably not so good."
Emily catches her father's hand as they hurry to keep up. "Abflug," she whispers to Tristram and giggles.
His father spends the afternoon glued to his own mobile, except when he goes out for an hour and a half, and comes back with some egg rolls for Tristram's dinner.
"For Christ's sake," Lestrade said, throwing his hands up in disgust. "You'd think you'd be a little less blasé about this kind of thing after what happened with the Bruhl twins."
"You can't..." John shakes his head, still looking down. He takes several slow, deep breaths before looking up at Sherlock again. "Please," he says, more directive than entreaty. "Don't ... make my decisions for me. I understand, but... Sherlock..."
"You only snore when you're on your back," Sherlock informed him matter-of-factly, and of course he would know that.
"Are you okay?" she asks.
Grandmother is sitting on the floor in front of a canvas that takes up nearly half of the wall. It's covered in swaths and slashes of pink and yellow and white, which are cheerful, happy colours, but looking at it, Tristram feels like he's peeked at one of the crime scene photos in his father's files.
"Yes, but I'm not coming with you." He's already looking back across the street.
"It's beautiful," John said and laid it back on the piece of skin. "What's it made of? How did you get it so polished?"
"He could post a watch, like he did at your mother's. I know it's not much, but-"
"It's all right, I understand. You said everything that came into your head. You always do during sex. It's quite endearing." Sherlock squeezed out more of the lubricant onto his fingers, but this time carefully inserted the first one, slowly working the cool gel up and inside.
Sherlock drapes his coat over a chair, but not before removing a small plastic bag with a chemist's logo on it. "Fine." He walks past John into the bathroom, taking the bag with him, and closes the door.
Doctor Watson doesn't mention the drink, though. He just sits there quietly, drinking his coffee. When he's just about done with it (Tristram can tell by the way the sound of him sipping gets a bit more hollow as the cup empties), he starts talking. Tristram, captive audience that he is, can't help but listen.
~~.~~.~~
"Got it." Sherlock gave him a small smile. They'd been walking on eggshells around each other since the ... Sherlock didn't want to call it an argument. Nor even a disagreement. More like a flaying open of all the unacknowledged fears and desires that had been lurking between them. Still unacknowledged. Still unaddressed. And Sherlock still didn't know how to answer John's question. Didn't know if he dared, not even to himself.
"We can build a tent in your room and pretend we're in the army," Emily suggests. "I brought my compass and army kit. We can go on recon missions."
"You have," John said, although he knew Sherlock wasn't referring to his official gift of a tablet computer. John had set it up and tried it out during the long hours without anything particular to do on Christmas and Boxing Day, and though he was probably going to stick to his laptop for anything involving writing, he had to admit the tablet was much more practical than either the laptop or the phone for anything visual, like video consultations on the go or pulling up crime scene photos.
It wasn't that John was overeating. The cooking alone seemed to satisfy whatever was in need of an outlet. Anything that wasn't consumed in the course of a modestly portioned meal went into the freezer, or was shared with Mrs Hudson. Or -- particularly in the case of baked goods -- taken to work for the break room. Sherlock had been mildly embarrassed when John brought along an entire coffee cake to a deposition for a case they'd been involved in three months back, but the solicitors on both sides had been appreciative. One had later sent John an email asking for the recipe. And fishing for a date, but that had been politely declined.
Sherlock turns onto his side again and puts his hand on John's knee under the cover to stop him. "John, let me have this." His voice is unusually soft. "Please. I do know something - a little, not much - but I promise, there's no danger for any of you."
Holmes agreed to take her along to see Miss de Merville next evening, in case the vivid evidence of what lay ahead for her should she throw her lot in with Gruner would cause her to see reason. She then left the two of us to "come down" as she had put it, and returned to her duties.
John reaches up into the cabinet for a second glass and pours some wine into it, then tops his own glass up. "Cheers."
When I returned, Holmes had dropped into his chair, where he plucked disconsolately at his violin and stared absently into the cheerful fire crackling in the grate. Without saying a word, I proceeded to lay my offerings out on the desk: six clamp forceps, a bag of spring-hinged clothes-pegs, and a thick white candle. Holmes had turned his head to watch me over the back of his chair, but I kept my eyes steadfastly on my cache, adjusting the position of each piece until they were all lined up in a perfectly straight row. I did not want to give away a bias or hint at a preference by placing one more prominently than another. My heart raced as I imagined the uses we might make of the various instruments.
"A lottery win wouldn't be considered 'news' for you to receive. Inheritance? Unlikely, as that would entail someone close to you having died, and you're too obviously happy for that. Plus, you find discussing one's personal financial situation to be indelicate. New job? It's the wrong time of year for a teacher to be changing positions, and you're well satisfied with your job here, God knows why, so you won't have been looking to change. Leaves family.
She glanced up at him and smiled around her mouthful. He had one arm crooked up behind his head to support it so he could watch her, lazily - like a pasha, the image shot through her mind.
And judging from their positions at the window, the other one had now been too. TMI.
I had already told him so, but once again I nodded and answered affirmatively. I had no idea what was going to happen, what he was going to do. It would likely be painful, to some degree, perhaps embarrassing or even humiliating. But I wanted to prove to him ... something, I did not yet know what. That I did trust him. That I would help him. That I would do whatever he needed, whatever he asked of me. That his approval was more important than my comfort.
Sherlock made the introductions. "John, this is Angelo; Angelo, John."
Definitely a bit of an idiot.
&&&&&&
But now, tea.
John takes that in silently for a few seconds. Then he nods. "Okay. All right. I'll just go get my things."
"Oh my God," John groaned, dropping down to his knees and wrapping Sherlock in an awkward one-armed embrace. "Oh my God, you're brilliant. My husband, fuck. I'm going to hold you all night. Stroke your hair and kiss you and write messages on your back." He rubbed Sherlock's back and kissed the top of his head while Sherlock got himself under control.
Emily's father presses his lips together and gives Tristram's father a disparaging look, then looks back at the road and says, "What is it, Tris?" He sounds a little irritated, too, but at least he's willing to respond.
He opens his eyes now. His father is carrying him, and over his father's shoulder, he can see Emily in her father's arms. Doctor Watson's face is pinched and hard, and Tristram ducks his face down against his father's shoulder so he doesn't have to see him.
"I'm fairly certain they regretted giving in and getting that for the first few years," Sherlock said, wandering closer as well.
However, the irony of John using the two of them to stand in now for the couple being portrayed in the play wasn't lost on Sherlock. He hardly thought they would be able to get away with giving Jesus same-sex parents. "How heteronormative of you," he mocked.
John looked mildly surprised, as if he'd expected Sherlock to stay longer. "Yes, I suppose you need to get to work on the play," he said. "I could still help, if you like."
"I could leave right now."
"I am baffled," I admitted.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in mock shock. "John Watson, do you mean to say you've thought of me while pleasuring yourself?" He shook his head and smirked. "Anyway, one of us needs to have clean hands for the condoms, and I've already started. Next time," he said, before he could stop himself voicing the assumption that John would come back again.
"Now I have Tristram and your daughter to worry about."
Sherlock sulked at the unfairness of it all, and fetched his computer from his bag so he could fling himself into the big green armchair in front of the fire and bury himself behind the screen. Mrs Holmes went to get them all some mulled cider while Mr Holmes challenged John to a few rounds of Battleship. Once she'd settled everyone with their drinks, Mrs Holmes busied herself with the jigsaw puzzle spread across the big table by the garden windows, and the four of them chatted across the room while pursuing their various individual activities. There was Christmas music playing in the background -- not the usual light fare of Deck the Halls and God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen, but more meaty pieces like Bach's Christmas Oratorio, Schoenberg's Weihnachtsmusik, and Britten's Ceremony of Carols. Not that John would have recognised any of them, but between Sherlock's and his parents' commentary, he was kept well informed.
"And you think they're just going to sit back and wait while we have snowball fights and eat fondue?" It doesn't come out quite as scathing as it might have.
Emily shrugs. "I'm going to see her again next week."
"I bet he'd do the voices really well," Emily says, somewhat wistfully. "Especially Snape."
"I said he's fine, John!" He slaps his hands down on the bed for emphasis. "There's nothing to talk about. He didn't see anything he wouldn't be able to see on the side of a bus."
Father's done quite a lot of things, come to think of it, that aren't exactly typical for him, since he and John have become boyfriends. The whole boyfriends thing itself is the hugest one, of course, but there are a lot more. Not that any of the new things are bad - some of them are quite good, in Tristram's opinion - but he can't help thinking that Father's always relieved when he can take off the reflective vest or vicar's collar or uniform and wash the dirt or dye or styling gel out of his hair.
"It's got to be Harry," Tristram says. He doesn't know how Harry manages it, but it's going to be him.
Sherlock smiled though, a genuine, warm smile, and he didn't mean to, but his eyes slid over and met John's, and he was startled to see his sentiment returned. Sentiment. Sherlock's heart sank, or maybe his stomach lifted. Something inside him squeezed in a pleasant/unpleasant way, at any rate. His resolution; what had happened to his resolution? Somehow it didn't seem important any more.
&&&&&&
Tristram doesn't think that sounds awful at all. He wonders why Doctor Watson is anxious about it.
The children were all standing in their places, watching them. Some were giggling and whispering. John looked up at Sherlock, his eyes brimming with laughter. Sherlock smiled back, a great relief washing through him. Everything wasn't totally fine yet, but it wasn't irretrievably broken, either. He and John still seemed to be friends, and they hadn't even had to go through an awkward conversation about feelings or whatever had gone wrong before.
Sherlock slid down to nestle against John's body. He couldn't really bring himself to feel bad. It had been a spectacular orgasm. And John had wanted to do it. Sherlock wouldn't have minded if John had been a bit rougher on him during intercourse either.
"What's this?" John took the scrap of supple, folded skin from Sherlock. It wasn't until he had it in his hand that he realised there was something wrapped up in it. He angled the bundle toward the dying embers of their fire so he could see it better.
Tristram's smile isn't nearly as guarded. "Okay."
"If it's wrong, this would be the third failed attempt. It might trigger the dump."
At any rate, John says he thinks it's a good idea too and Irene is already exclaiming about knowing 'just the place', so Tristram doesn't even have a chance to say he doesn't need a rest.
John grinned up at Sherlock. "I'm feeling a bit sprightly myself today." Too daring?
He kissed John again, more firmly, finding his footing so to speak - it had been years since he'd done this, after all - and he discovered he'd been wrong: he hadn't known John would taste like this, like the champagne from the reception over traces of toothpaste - must have brushed his teeth just before leaving his flat: had he anticipated (hoped for) this? - but most of all like laughter and secrets and promises made in the dark.
Sherlock had the inconvenient impulse to say or do something that would cause the other man to smile. Instead, he answered irritably, "This isn't a rehearsal for a play. This is a language arts class."
"Well, thanks for-" he started, obviously about to end the evening, which sent Sherlock into a mild panic.
"But it seems to me this play isn't about me, or you, or Sherlock," John went on, pointing around the room. "It's about the kids, and it's about the school, and it's about the bloody Christmas story, so unless you have something positive to say, or God forbid, want to help, I think you'd better keep quiet about it."
"I don't know," Tristram bursts out, and with the words come the tears. He's sorry he ate the pie, so sorry. Now that he's started crying, he can't stop. He cries in great, heaving gasps, tears and snot running down his face. "I'm sorry, I didn't know," he sobs. There's viscous stuff in the back of his throat, probably from his nose running backwards, making him cough. He coughs so hard he has to bend over, and he gags at the end.
"Come, Tristram," his father says. "That will be our cab." He tucks his scarf in around his neck more tightly.
sorry about moriarty didnt mean it
%%%%%%
&&&&&&
John shifted his stance to make a bit more space between his legs. "Yeah, that's not really helping matters." He didn't sound very bothered.
Emily, though, doesn't seem quite as gung-ho. Her eyebrows draw together. "Why can't we all go together?"
wonderful idea: a Baker Street Nativity advent calendar. My first reaction was that there was no way I'd have time to write 24 ficlets before Christmas. But then I couldn't stop thinking about it. And so I did it. You can see them
Sherlock's brain must have either gone offline or into overdrive, as he just stood there for several long, long seconds. John could actually see the flush rising on his cheeks. Overdrive it was then.
"Gents was a big guy, probably even bigger than your dad." Doctor Watson puts his cup down and folds his hands, which Tristram sees out of the corner of his eye. "But calm," he continues. "He never lost his head. No matter what was going on around him, he kept it together. Mortar rounds going off close enough we can feel the ground shaking, bodies coming in missing half their parts, Gents was as calm as a day at the beach. To me, he was everything a military doctor should be, and I wanted to be just like him. He was competent and efficient, he knew when to ignore protocol if it would save a life, and he didn't seem to be affected by the immensity of the tragedies going on around us.
John lets out a long breath and rolls his eyes toward the ceiling. Then he turns onto his side, propping his head up on one hand so he can see Sherlock. "Look. I appreciate what you're trying to do, but I would rather not have my daughter - or your son, for that matter - see me stumble half-dressed out of your bedroom first thing in the morning. Even if nothing..." He stops and looks around again, then says, "I keep thinking of how Tristram reacted."
Father and Doctor Watson have pulled both armchairs in close to the coffee table and are bent forward so they can both see the screen. They take turns typing. It took Tristram a while to figure out what they were doing, but they must be writing those messages to each other. Either they're trying not to disturb Tristram - unlikely - or else they're discussing something they don't want Tristram to hear.
"It's fine," Doctor Watson says softly, mindful not to disturb Emily, who doesn't seem to have been wakened by the goings-on.
"I wasn't the one-" he started automatically, not even looking at her, still focused on John, but he was interrupted.
Sherlock and John step apart, having somehow drifted close enough that there's barely a hand's breadth of space between them. Emily weasels in between them and hugs Sherlock. Sherlock places a hand tentatively on her shoulder.
Sherlock took a deep breath. Straightened his back. Stood up, pulling his waistcoat down and smoothing his jacket. John continued to brood over his drink.
"Give it here," Doctor Watson says briskly.
"Never put yourself in the direct line of fire," Father says fiercely and pulls Tristram in close against his hip. Tristram likes that. It makes him feel safe. Father then asks Tristram several questions - which direction the person was coming from, how fast they were moving, whether Tristram heard anything - which Tristram tries to answer competently. All the while, they are both looking intently at the area down below, but try as he might, Tristram can't see anything more than the unmoving path and the black hulks of the trees.
Time: 14:10
"Well, Tristram." She puts both hands on his shoulders. He's not sure whether she's holding him in place or steadying herself. Her eyes are suspiciously bright. When she speaks, though, her voice is clear and calm. "I'd say your father and John can handle things from here, wouldn't you?"
"I wasn't sure if this was the right place," John said, glancing behind him at the picture window decorated with holly and boughs.
Tristram crawls onto the couch and pulls Mrs Hudson's afghan around him.
Sherlock gulped down the rest of his drink. "Because I deduced that your parents are Scottish?"
"He's not going to hurt me!"
"Leave it over there," Sherlock says, gesturing at the table under the window. It's piled high with magazines, a microscope, and what look like dried moss and fungus samples. John hesitates a bit before putting the computer on the chair.
"Good thing you showed up, then, so he could introduce you to the entire student body and their parents," John retorted dryly.
!" he says.
"Sherlock! How kind of you to drop in." Mycroft came around his pretentiously large desk to greet them. "And you've brought the family, how lovely. Dr Watson, I presume?" He shook John's hand. The sight of John's hand in Mycroft's was disturbing.
The thought gives Tristram some relief. He knows he's not supposed to feel that way. At his last school, his teacher read the class a book about a girl whose parents got divorced. It was full of statements about how she needn't feel bad about it, and how much her parents loved her, and all the fun things she got like special outings just with her dad and two bedrooms of her very own. With all those reassurances, it was pretty obvious that everyone expected her to be sad about her parents moving into separate flats. Tristram won't be sad at all if his mother and father get divorced (if they're married). Even without two bedrooms. It will be more like putting things back the way they were. The way they are, actually. But maybe Emily does have a point.
When he woke up the next morning, however, alone in bed with a screaming headache - apparently whatever Sherlock was putting in that water, it was not entirely effective at preventing hangovers - and Sherlock entirely absent from the flat, he began to think he might not have done such a bang-up job of fixing things after all.
Sherlock grunted, but seemed pleased. John wanted to say something else, but didn't know what. Wanted to lean his head against Sherlock's knee. Give his foot a squeeze. Kiss him until they were both breathless and gasping. God. John ran a hand over his face, which was suddenly hot and not from the screened-off embers. This was getting out of control. Was it this place? Had Sherlock drugged the cider? He should probably put himself out of temptation's way.
"We were already late because we actually did have a case. I'm not making one up now so you can go home and dissect cow hearts."
"She went to bed, honey," Clara says tiredly. "She wasn't feeling well."
Tristram has never even considered the possibility of calling his father when he was out working. Not that he had a phone to do so with before. Of course his father made him memorise his mobile number practically as soon as he could talk, in case he got lost, but he can't actually recall a time when he's had occasion to use it. He doesn't think his father would take kindly to being interrupted for something that's not an emergency, however, and he tells Emily so.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shook his head, still smiling too. "It's not done yet. I don't even want to think of the number of things that could go wrong."
John smiled fondly. "Yeah... Oh God!" He sucked in a breath and rolled his eyes back as Sherlock took his penis and wiped off the remainder of the lube from his hands onto the condom. "Warn a chap," he said shakily as his eyes fluttered open again.
They hang onto each other, both of their hearts racing.
It was true that there was no official contest between Baker Street and Blackwood for the best Nativity, no prizes awarded, no panel of judges, but when Moriarty's production had been lauded in the press five years earlier and Sherlock's panned, it had felt like playing the next bar of the concerto, only to find that his part was in a completely different key, and the entire orchestra had screeched to a halt to stare at him.
Sherlock laughed without humour and veered off the main road toward the river. "I actually did that once, in the middle of an end-of-term exam."
"I really think it does. I mean, look, are we talking about - Never mind, let's stick to Tris for the moment. Is the idea of two men together something new to him? Or a same-gender couple in general? He's met Harry and Clara; I assumed he understood that they're married and what exactly that means-"
Despite his warning to Sherlock to wear 'dancing shoes', John was dressed in the same style as always: loafers, a pair of loose-fitting trousers, a button-down shirt, and, today, a gray cardigan. Boring. Yet perfect. No one else would look twice at him. No one else would think there was such an interesting person underneath the bland exterior. Although Sherlock did wonder how John would look tomorrow night. He'd found out from Lestrade that it was a black tie affair. No cardigans and brown loafers this time.
A drop of water slowly makes its way from Sherlock's chest onto his abdomen, where it catches on a hair, glistening. John inhales sharply and pushes himself away from the table. "Why don't you go put something on," he says briskly. "Cold in here." He gets up and goes to the cupboards. "Cup of tea?"
"There's no such thing."
The next question appeared:
Tristram reminds himself of Gents. He reminds himself that he ripped out the IV line with his teeth. He sees Doctor Watson's words in his mind's eye:
"Tell them it's not done yet. Or quit. I don't really care." He walks past Doctor Watson to the door, where Tristram can't see him anymore.
Doctor Watson shifts in his seat, glances at Father next to him, and says, "Actually, Em, we'd like to try it with Sherlock and me in the bedroom tonight, and the two of you on the couch." He rests his arms on the table and smiles mildly, looking first at Tristram then at Emily. Father has his arm hung loosely over the back of Doctor Watson's chair. He looks down at his shirt, which still has some damp spots from their snowball fight-stroke-wrestling match.
"I'll be right there, Ems," her father assures her. "It'll be like when we stayed at their flat. Remember? You and Tris upstairs in his room and Sherlock and I downstairs? Only I'll be even closer. Right in the next room."
"Emily, darling, you are a treasure," Irene says when she's done.
"You've been smoking," John said, just before he slanted his face a fraction more until their lips touched, then backed off.
He lays down his pencil. "Emily..." he says tentatively.
"And - I'm - fine," Sherlock grits out.
trained him well." Moriarty was breathing fast and shallow, his eyes boring into Sherlock's. If Sherlock didn't know better, he'd have said he was high. But Moriarty didn't use. He was happier in the role of the facilitator. The controller.
As if he could sense what Sherlock was thinking, John turned his head just enough that their eyes met.
In the taxi, Tristram's father doesn't say anything the entire way, instead staring out at the rainy, grey streets. This isn't unusual. Tristram supposes he's still thinking about the case. He got some pictures from Detective Inspector Lestrade yesterday. Tristram didn't even try to sneak a look at them, because he knew what they were of: Emily's Aunt Claire, dead in her jail cell.
John straightened his back. "Yes, they will," he said firmly.
"Not quite, but it's honestly not so bad. If I'd known this was all there was to it, I would not have tried to spare you."
"Sherlock..." John gave him a warning look and tilted his head toward the table. "The three wise men."
The driver has finished loading their bags into the boot and comes around to unlock the door for Doctor Watson. They end up with Emily behind her father, Tristram in the middle, and Father behind the driver.
to be here, with Sherlock. Not because he had to, for work, but because he - beyond all reason - saw something appealing about Sherlock. Perhaps it was merely physical; Sherlock had often been approached in his clubbing days based on his outward appearance. However, most people didn't last more than a minute or two once Sherlock began to talk. John had been exposed to Sherlock for two days now, had been the target of his deductions, insults, and anger, and yet here he was, pleased at Angelo's description and relieved at Sherlock's acceptance of it. It didn't make sense.
He briefly - very briefly - entertained the notion that he might continue to associate with John even after he was fired, but immediately rejected it. All of his objections to greater intimacy would still remain, and in addition he would be without a job, without an income, disgraced, and unemployable in the only field he was qualified and certified for. Hardly a good catch.
Tristram gets off the bed and Doctor Watson straightens up.
It doesn't seem to be any sort of disincentive to Emily to follow through on her plan, at any rate. She opens the door and goes out. Tristram sighs and scrambles to follow her, not even taking time to put on socks. The floor is freezing. He catches up with her on the stairs. She's taking them slowly, maybe because she's trying to be quiet or maybe just because she's not familiar with them in the dark.
John had let the practise where he was filling in know the situation, and they'd been understanding. It had been a bit strange to say it out loud to someone else: my partner's father. As if it were real; official. He and Sherlock hadn't discussed it, hadn't made any promises or declarations. And yet since they'd kissed -- since the outing to the dockyard, really -- it was as if a rubber band that had been straining between them had snapped. The sense of navigating uncharted waters in an unfamiliar craft was gone, replaced by a steady hand at the rudder, a confidence that their vessel was seaworthy. There was no need to fear if they lost sight of the coastline. They were in it together. His partner.
"I'm Sherlock's classroom assistant at the school," John said, managing not to make it sound as if he were either correcting Mycroft or taking offense at his jest. "And these two are Saffron and Liam, two of our pupils."
"John, come here, come here," he said quickly, tugging at John's arm until he stopped jerking off and opened his eyes. "Come here, together." Sherlock reached for John's cock.
Sherlock hummed his agreement, but there was something more behind the sound. A smugness.
John tilts his head toward Sherlock. "Genius," he says happily.
Honestly, he can't be certain, and he doesn't want to say something that isn't true, so he tells her, "Even if they are, they'll be okay. They'll be back later tonight and we'll see them tomorrow."
John says that Emily can be his assistant, if it's okay with Tristram, and of course it is, especially because Emily looks so enthusiastic at the prospect.
"Emily, you can go get dressed and pack your things," John says. "Maybe you could help her, Jeanne."
John grinned at him, seeing his hesitation. "Don't know that one? Shall I tell you?"
John looked over his shoulder at him. "Don't tell me you liked it?"
Emily comes back with Tristram's bag, her eyes asking a silent question. Tristram shakes his head. She rolls her eyes, but hands him his bag without comment, which Tristram is grateful for.
John sighed and set the glass down. "Sounds like my day. Anything I can help with?" He nodded at the counter where Sherlock was working.
"So Tris-" John begins, glancing at the sleeping boy.
"Because he's a firecracker. This one has fantastic potential." He picked up the little boy's picture and shook it.
Kate and Tristram look each other over, both equally wary. "You want me to show you how to tie some knots?" she finally suggests.
"I should hope not," Sherlock said with something bordering on genuine horror. "Ours weighed about twenty stone and had the most appalling Brummie accent you'd ever care to hear."
"Go ahead, I want to see you touch yourself," John said. "I'm going to put another finger in too, okay?"
"You've already been upstairs and seen they're tucked up snug in their beds while visions of sugarplums dance through their heads," Sherlock says with more than a hint of sarcasm.
John lifts the duvet for Emily to get under it, then sits down on the edge of the couch beside her. "You are doing a bang-up job of watching out for Sherlock. But the choices he makes aren't your fault or your responsibility. All right?" He rubs her leg through the cover.
Sherlock's head rocked from side to side and his knees fell open as far as the spreader bar between his ankles allowed. The movement tugged slightly on the chain joining the bar to the nipple clamps, and Sherlock cried out a little and brought his knees quickly back together and scooted his heels a little closer to his arse to give himself some slack again.
"I could make us some toast," Tristram offers Emily, seeing that the conversation isn't going to bring satisfaction to either side.
"My sentiments precisely," I agreed, and we proceeded with our preparations with carefree hearts.
The clicking stops. Father doesn't answer. Tristram wants to turn his head and open his eyes to look at him, but it seems like an enormous effort so he stays where he is with his eyes closed. Just when he thinks Father hasn't heard him after all - or has decided not to respond - he says, "Go to sleep, Tristram."
Except that may not be true, because they still don't know what happened to Tristram's father. All they saw was him being hustled away by several men with very large guns. Doctor Watson said they were a special anti-terrorism unit of the police, and they were just being careful, but as soon as they realise that Father isn't a terrorist and wasn't trying to hurt anyone, they'll let him go.
He's reaching for the keyboard again when a voice sounds from the direction of the bedroom.
The two men raise their glasses and their eyes to each other and take a drink. John looks away first, turning to assemble the salad. "I hope you and Tristram like spaghetti. It's Emily's favourite. She helped me with the menu."
oil for cooking
"He's not working," Emily scoffs, "he's sitting there reading the newspaper."
Afterwards, they all bring their dishes to the kitchen, and Emily and Tristram are charged with going to the living room and putting on some music while their fathers tidy up.
%%%%%%
John opened his eyes, blinking against the harsh waiting room lighting. Mycroft. He hadn't even heard him approaching. John felt Sherlock slide his hand away where it had been loosely entwined with his, resting on John's leg. His bottom was numb from sitting so long on the hard plastic chair. Beside him, Sherlock sat with his long legs stretched out, ankles crossed. He was staring intently at his phone and didn't appear inclined to react to Mycroft's suggestion.
The man leans in to speak in a confidential whisper to their fathers: "Snow in here next time and you win." His accent is much heavier than the woman's. He pulls the waistband of his trousers away from his stomach and points down inside. He winks then makes a really funny face, pretending his pants are full of snow, and everyone laughs.
John navigates the pseudo-futuristic lounge furniture, leeched of colour and unnecessarily minimalistic. Now that he's standing, he feels the booze, that slight buoyancy and looseness in his limbs, the knowledge that whatever he does next it's going to be the right thing, and even if it isn't, fuck the consequences.
"I don't know," Emily says, frowning, as if she hadn't considered that point, and resumes eating her jam-smeared bread. "Maybe she works with
Sherlock walks away, waving his hands around his head. "If they wanted to implicate you and have the evidence, they could have done so already. Why drag it out like this?"
move back in, it's just temporary), ostensibly to keep an eye on him, make sure he takes his meds and doesn't overexert himself.
"I was trying to get something on him, waiting for him to drop some clue. Gathering data for Mycroft to have his experts triangulate back from so they can pinpoint where he is. We don't even know for sure that he's based in England."
"Yeah, I'll..." He scans the table then cranes his neck to check the rest of the room. Is he looking for something?
Sherlock sits up and swings his legs around away from John. "I've had enough of this."
Pop them in the oven for 15-20 minutes, or until the peppers start to soften and wrinkle. The cheese should be beginning to brown as well as the bottom of the peppers.
"No. What do you want? If you have something to say, send a text."
, Tristram's memory supplies. He and Emily had giggled over the turds, so that's why it stuck.)
Sherlock tried to take the pre-emptive route by nodding politely yet aloofly and not slowing his pace. However, John waved and came directly over. Sherlock could have kept walking, but it was likely that John would simply come after him. He stopped, indicating to Gladstone with a shake of the lead that he should remain standing. He thought he might use the dog as an excuse to end the encounter quickly, if it came to that. Before John could even open his mouth to speak, Sherlock noted that he had gone for the sausage earlier after all but hadn't had dinner yet; further, that he wasn't just being polite now. He was seeking eye contact, his expression eager but still withholding something, something that made Sherlock look more intently for its source.
"How can they find him from here?" Emily asks.
John slides over on the bench to make room for Sherlock, but Sherlock opts for one of the wooden scrollwork chairs on the other side of the table instead. He's not sure he could keep his mind on task with John's thigh pressed against his.
"Evidence, John!" Father barks back. "Evidence that they may not want me to have."
"Was he angry about the pillows?" Emily whispers to Tristram.
Maybe he hadn't meant them as a message to Sherlock, directly - and of course no one in the audience would ever suppose that the song could be about anything or anyone other than Joseph and Mary. Maybe John had simply written what he felt, without consciously imagining himself and Sherlock in the roles. He'd clearly realised at some point, though, that what he'd written said more than he wanted to reveal. He might possibly be hoping that Sherlock was as spectacularly ignorant as the population at large, and would never make the connection. Sherlock was happy to play along. At the same time, something in him preened and secretly hoarded the words.
"No," Doctor Watson says firmly and kneels down next to Father in front of Tristram. He puts his hand on Tristram's knee and looks Tristram in the eye. "Tris, everything's fine," he says in a calm voice.
"I didn't mean to wake you." Sherlock sat down on the edge of the bed. In the faint light, John could see he'd already changed into his pyjama trousers and a t-shirt. He must have snuck in earlier to get his things out of his roller case. John hadn't even heard him. Had he really been asleep already? What time was it?
It all comes back to him in a rush: the path, the shadowy movement, the flash of light. "There's someone outside," he blurts out. He turns to his father, suddenly full of urgency as his brain whirs back online. "I saw them out my window, next to the path. They lit a cigarette."
Mycroft inclined his head toward the corridor and started down it, checking that John was coming with him. John intensely disliked the way Mycroft was jerking them around, but in the interest of getting rid of him as quickly as possible, he said a few words of reassurance to Sherlock that he'd be right back, and followed after Mycroft.
"Are you... angry at me?” he asks. “Have I done something?" But that's the wrong question. Sherlock hasn't done anything. That's precisely the problem.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs Hudson, the school secretary, greeted him on his way out. "Oh Sherlock, dear, here are those copies you needed." She held up a stack of papers.
"Is that the official announcement then?" Emily's Aunt Harry says smugly, having appeared silently next to Clara.
As he passes the old stable, he sees a little flash of light in one of the windows. He keeps his eye on the spot, but it disappears almost immediately. He looks around but doesn't see anything obvious that might have caused a reflection. The sun isn't up nearly high enough yet, even if there weren't so much mist.
Doctor Watson looks up from the book. "Come on up here, Tris," he says, raising his arm on the side opposite Emily in invitation. Tristram glances at his father. He'd almost rather sit down here, near him, but Father doesn't look like he's paying any attention to the rest of them. Tristram crawls awkwardly up the bed and slots himself in next to Doctor Watson. Due to the limited amount of space, he doesn't really have much choice other than to press right up against Doctor Watson's side, but it seems that's what he intended, as he wraps his arm around Tristram's shoulder the same way he's done with Emily.
"You want to tell me about this afternoon?" John asked it casually just before taking a bite, as if it were just an extension of their earlier conversation.
When the lift doors open, John has no idea what the plan is, but he gets out and walks down the corridor, Sherlock a quarter step ahead. It's been a long time since they've been out working in the field together, and the familiarity of their mutual strides goes a long way toward calming him down. His tries to focus on preparing for whatever's coming next. There's no room for second-guessing, reproaches, or regrets.
"Holmes," I whispered fiercely, my eyes darting back to his.
Sherlock started to follow him, but John touched his arm lightly, holding him back. "Hey, everything all right?" His blue eyes on Sherlock, anxious, concerned. Stormy.
The first two numbers went off without a hitch. Oh, a couple of the children, stage-struck, forgot the words to the songs, Isabelle's wig kept sliding down over her eyes, and most of the boys made faces when their partners kissed them at the end of Mary and Joseph's song, eliciting a wave of chuckles from the parents. But really, things were going remarkably well. Too well.
"Oh. Oh!" John said with more enthusiasm as he caught on. "Oh, right! That should be... Yeah, that's good." John grinned and rubbed his hand over Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock shifted minutely closer.
"Your father's different." Although it's really Tristram's father that's different, but again, that's harder to explain.
Emily is in the bedroom, by herself at the moment as Father and Doctor Watson are writing messages to each other on Father's laptop. She's probably asleep, though, so she won't notice.
Tristram shakes his head.
John half wakes up when the mattress moves in the middle of the night. "Em?" he croaks, turning over groggily.
When it's clear that she's also waiting for his answer, Father loosens up a bit and starts to relate a case he must have had years back, when Tristram was quite small, or even before he was born, as Tristram doesn't recall it at all. It has something to do with an art restorer and old paint and a murder that wasn't a murder after all. It's strange to remember that Father had a life before Tristram; even now, there are probably lots of things that Father does when he goes out of the house that Tristram has no idea about. Like what he gets up to with Doctor Watson. Tristram never felt left out before, when Father went gallivanting about with the police. But now, watching Father tell Doctor Watson about this old case, Tristram feels like he's standing outside a door, looking in.
of links and some self-indulgent meanderings relating to this fic if you'd like some background on how it came to be.
There aren't many people he can discuss his cases with. Inspector Lestrade, of course, but that's his job. Some of the other police officers, although when Tristram's heard his father speaking to them on the phone, he's usually exasperated and insulting, and his muttered comments about them around the flat aren't any better. Uncle Mycroft, but only when Father has no other option, and those conversations are never exactly friendly.
"I have paid my respects to you, as my friend," I said stiffly, even as I fell into step beside him. "I'm sorry for your loss, Watson, but I am not a member of the family and never knew her socially." The excuse, albeit truthful and more than within the bounds of etiquette, rang awkwardly in the brisk morning air.
"What do you mean, 'and now'?" Sherlock asked. "You'd make an excellent father," he said automatically, surprised to find that, on reflection, he actually believed it.
Quite aside from all that, however, Tristram knows better than to start giving away details of an ongoing investigation. He slipped up when he talked to Mister Tonga in Grandmother's stable and told him all sorts of things he shouldn't have. Of course, that was before he knew the man wanted to kill Doctor Watson, but it was still a beginner's mistake. Does Doctor Watson actually think he's that stupid? For all he knows, it was the social worker who planted the skin and teeth on his dinner tray. It's a good thing he didn't tell him anything, or who knows what might have happened!
"So. It's done," John said.
"Any countermeasures at the moment?"
The movie they watched was 'Pirates: An Adventure with Scientists', in which Martin Freeman voiced one of the characters.
There's a crushing guilt on top of everything else too, because he didn't actually go with Irene in order to get away from the bad guys. He went with her because he thought she was going to take him to his father. Even though he knew that meant leaving John and Emily behind on the train with the bad guys. He was selfish. Not that he could have done anything about it if he'd stayed, but now he doesn't know where any of them are.
"Greg, this was not Sherlock's fault," John said, low and firm. "I take full responsibility. If anyone's leaving, it will be me."
"Right," John said thickly. "Just... hold that thought. Exactly like that."
"We'll be right here," her father assures her, "but I'd like to discuss something with Sherlock in private."
And aside from Baker Street, he doesn't have a hell of a lot of other options. At least not if he doesn't want to answer any questions or put up with any concerned, pitying looks.
He only meant to shoo his three charges inside and head back to the classroom, but he couldn't help being ever so slightly curious about what John had ended up doing to the song, the one they hadn't got to on Saturday. He caught the door before it fell all the way shut and listened. The tune was, as John had said, the same one Sherlock had composed. Rather than leaving it as a duet in two-part harmony, though, he'd simplified it into one voice that the children took turns singing in alternating lines.
Tristram sits up. Emily is so excited she is bouncing in her seat. He looks out the window. Indeed. They are stopped at a station, and although the platforms have been cleared, just beyond them on the edge of the glow from the lonely station lamps, Tristram can see huge, lumpy piles of white lurking in the shadows. Doctor Watson says it's a shame they're not coming through during the day, because this is apparently a famous route with some spectacular views.
Sherlock's breaths sound jerky and unsteady for a short while, until he finally takes a deep one and lets it out slowly. Another minute or so passes in silence, and then he whispers, "John?"
When Sherlock arrived at the school the next morning, it was with something to look forward to for an unprecedented second day in a row. John was already in the teachers' lounge - now that he knew where it was - talking to Stamford and Molly Hooper. He had a mug in his hand, no doubt the local swill. His face lit up when he saw Sherlock, and he excused himself to go over and say hello.
Tristram doesn't want to hold him up, but he needs that phone. He quickly retrieves it from the desk, along with the notebooks he was practising left-handed writing in, and stuffs them into his bag. "Okay, I'm ready."
He held the candle very close to my body and, as if he had divined my thoughts, slowly let several drops fall directly onto my nipple, his eyes flicking back and forth from my chest to my face. It felt as if a line of fire ran straight from there to the base of my prick. I could not hold back the guttural sound which burst forth from my throat.
"It's not the same. I'm not-" She shakes her head. "I'm not you."
I brought the collar to Holmes and stood before his chair, holding both hands before me with the collar draped across them.
"John, it's fine," Sherlock snapped. "I was simply never interested in any other permutation previously." He was now slick and loose enough to be able to get two fingers in, which was good, but his erection was losing steam again, due partly to having to split his attention and partly to the occasional twinge as he stretched himself from this angle. Luckily, John was still as stiff as a board, and had unrolled the condom over his length. Still, he didn't want to lose any more time.
Time: 14:26
Holmes continued to stare at me, his brow furrowed. "But Watson, where is that pugilistic fellow so often found in the thick of the fray? I did not imagine this would be so unusual a task; you have never shied away from employing your fists before."
Sherlock held off until Saturday afternoon before texting John.
"His bed's still warm. He hasn't been gone more than half an hour." Sherlock leaps down the stairs, taking them two and three at a time.
"They're not going to go after us," Sherlock says smugly.
Something told Sherlock this wasn't the moment to sing Moriarty's praises. "It had its moments."
Sherlock sighs and rests a hand on John's shoulder. John rolls onto his side so he's facing Sherlock. Their knees bump. John's limbs are still heavy with sleep and Sherlock's unused to fitting in around someone else, but they shift and adjust until their legs are intertwined and they each have one arm slung over the other. John bumps his face clumsily against Sherlock's, hitting his chin rather than his mouth with his lips. Sherlock tilts his head to make up for it, and they spend a few minutes exchanging lazy, gentle kisses. The mood is comfortable and easy, neither one of them angling for anything else. It's more of an affirmation and agreement, acceptance and answer. After a while, they let their lips separate, although they stay where they are, sharing air and gently stroking each other's backs and arms.
"Oh really?" John tugged his vest down and tucked one hand up behind his head, looking amused at the thought and for all the world as if he had no intention of doing any such thing.
"Beef."
"Boring."
"Where's Sherlock going?" Emily asks in a thin voice.
The car is arriving to pick them up in half an hour, so Tristram's been sent upstairs to pack. He's only allowed one small suitcase and one backpack, because he has to be able to carry everything himself. It's almost December, and the Alps will now be covered with snow, so he's packed warm things. Tristram knows both what the Swiss mountains are called and that they have snow on them from the relief globe in Uncle Mycroft's study. He doesn't know how long they'll be gone for, so he just stuffs everything he can into his suitcase. That leaves his backpack. Beyond clothing and bathroom items - and his phone, which is already in his trouser pocket - Tristram isn't sure what to bring. It might be a good idea to have a few books along to read, but they are heavy. He wishes he'd thought to take the e-reader from the hospital. The promised delivery of the rest of his things has yet to arrive. He decides just to take the Harry Potter book he and Emily were reading. Maybe Father will read some more to them. And if not, Doc- 'Mister Brown' surely will.
Father doesn't eat much, but he's fascinated by the long, trident-like forks they've all been equipped with, each one easily as long as Tristram's forearm.
John's eyebrows rise and his face opens up, all the concern-creases turning around to go the other way. "And here I was, trying to break it to you gently. Should have known." He reaches out and ruffles Tristram's hair. Tristram grins.
"I'll do it." The words fell out before he'd considered what they would entail.
"What do you think?" Doctor Watson murmurs. He lifts the edge of the curtain with one finger so he can see out into the street.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Moriarty says, all injured innocence as he continues to scroll through Sherlock's document. "Sounds more like a custody issue to me. You should try a family court."
Doctor Watson puts a salve from his kit onto all of the cuts, then covers them with fresh bandages again and goes out so Tristram can finish getting himself ready for bed.
Still, half an hour later finds the four of them back in Uncle Mycroft's car. Doctor Watson was right: the rain has let up, mostly. Father looks like he's on a case, with the olive green windcheater he scrounged up from somewhere. Tristram wonders why he didn't bring his big black overcoat.
"Oh, everything's fine," she assured him. "It's just that he offered to get the contact lens solution for me." She grimaced slightly. "Sorry. It'll be fine, but we don't have that much time."
"No. He called me last night."
"Why can't you tell me, then?"
It's an older woman in a blue ski jacket with the hood pulled tight around her face. Her skin is deeply tanned and lined and she is looking at Tristram and Emily with some concern. A man of similar age in a matching jacket is standing next to her, but he has his hood down, white stubble on his chin, and a green knitted hat on his head. He is frowning at Father and Doctor Watson. Both of the strangers are holding two long metal walking sticks with sharp points on the ends.
%%%%%%
No matter, she had to make her move now, or they wouldn't have time. She went to the door and listened. No sound. Cracked it open. Empty hall. She ran, bare-footed, to room 312, squeezed her eyes shut and knocked.
"My what? My phone?"
John sucks in a breath and huffs it out again. "Because there are things I need to tell you. And they're going to be hard. And I really didn't want to. But I think it's time." He nods as if to punctuate his statement. "Right, so, you going to finish that?" He raises his eyebrows at Sherlock's drink. John's own glass is already empty, horse piss or not.
John shook his head again, his confidence increasing. "No, just the bath."
250g golden caster sugar
"All right. Good. But you'll let me or your father know if you're unhappy about something."
He was almost looking forward to the visit by the time the bell rang at the end of the school day. It had been a long time since he'd last locked wits with his brother, much less in front of an audience he wanted to impress.
There was an eager scramble for paper. The expression on John's face said 'not bad, Holmes'. Sherlock had to remind himself of his resolution not to react. He didn't need - or want - anyone's approval, much less that of an unqualified layperson who had been foisted on him as some kind of minder. He was the professional here. He sat down at his desk to design his own aeroplane. He wasn't about to let John Watson beat him.
"So yes," John said, "when a man who you obviously have a past with touches you, and makes you look like you're going to be ill simply being in the same room with him, and you sneak off to meet him without telling me... What am I supposed to think? How am I supposed to react? How do you imagine I feel?"
Before Sherlock could possibly think of a response to that, Lestrade had pulled the door shut and driven away.
"This is the only way to find out what we're up against. He'll brag, want to impress me. He'll let something drop about his background, something he's planning, some little clue that he doesn't think is important. I have to find that chink in his armour."
. He couldn't stop whatever he was doing earlier in the evening for five minutes to come and say good night to Tristram, but he pretty clearly took more than five minutes to do a whole lot more than say good night to Emily's father. And he would have taken even longer - maybe they would have even slept in the same bed all night. Like married people do.
"I'm bloody thirty-eight years old and pining after a sociopath," he'd said, glaring morosely into his last - absolutely last - pint.
"She would have been," Sherlock says, and he means it with all his heart. "As much as she could have." He never wanted a child. He still doesn't. But he would have done everything John imagined for Gloria, and much more. And, he thinks, he probably would have loved her. He wants to take John's hand right then, the one that's clamped around the edge of the folder on his lap. Squeeze it and hold it and feel John's skin and warm, solid muscle and let him feel Sherlock's. It's an odd thing, because it's not something he ever would have done before. Holding each other's penises was somehow okay, but not holding each other's hands.
"Nothing to explain?" Lestrade all but exploded. "You took two children out of here without permission-"
John comes over to take it. "What's this?"
"You're going to have to do better than that," Sherlock said.
Then he turns and walks away, his long strides easily outstripping Tristram and leaving him no choice but to run to catch up. Just before they reach the house, Tristram looks back toward the stable. The windows are all dark.
Father looks like he's been caught off balance, and honestly, Tristram has too.
"Unfortunate casualty," Sherlock says shortly, falling once again into the chair beside John.
Tristram bends over again. Doctor Watson's legs have turned in more, as if he's almost facing Father rather than standing (or sitting?) perpendicular to him. There isn't another stool. Is he sitting on Father's lap? The light flashes again. They must have chosen the second option, to take four different pictures. The pictures of Father by himself come out, but Tristram and Emily leave them in the slot because they are more interested in what's going on behind the curtain.
Maybe Doctor Watson has just figured this out, and is trying to explain it to Tristram. Tristram knows it already, though, and it doesn't bother him. He knows it's the biggest reason why some of the police officers his father works with don't like him very much, but Tristram can see Father's point: as long as he gets the results and solves the cases for them, it doesn't matter one way or the other how he feels about it.
When they arrived at the Christmas tree lot, John immediately disappeared toward the back, where he said the best trees would be. If it were up to Sherlock, they would have taken the first one they saw and been done with it, but he decided it wasn't worth the argument; John was unlikely to give up without at least having a look around.
"And you do?"
&&&&&&
He's not in any danger of being hurt further, so there's no need to go anywhere else. He does need to find out where the blood is coming from, though. Tristram checks his hand at the bottom end of the cast, but there's no blood there, which is at least something. He takes some toilet paper and wipes his arm until he can see where the blood's coming from. He has a scratch or a cut right inside the cast, and he can feel now that there's a sharp edge there. That must have been what was irritating him all day. And either his constant scratching and rubbing or the exposed edge itself broke the skin. Tristram already feels calmer; more in control. It's good to have a plan to follow.
"You don't have to put your hand up to talk to me," Sherlock murmured, but he stopped and leaned down, his hands in his pockets. Watson's eyes were definitely blue, and Sherlock revised his estimate of the man's age downward by five years. His skin was prematurely aged from being in the sun, and the lack of sleep had dragged his eyes and jowls down.
"Fuck me, John," Sherlock gasped.
"No, right." There's something stiff about the way John says it, but Sherlock is still looking through his messages and doesn't react.
"I can't leave the house without my father," he repeats.
"Where? Inside where you swallowed, your heart, your lungs, your throat? Where?"
Emily looks around, impressed. "It's a museum."
"What?" John asked from a few feet away, wondering why Sherlock had stopped.
It was nearly seven o'clock, time for the showcase to begin. Sherlock moved toward the stage, keeping to the edge of the room. He didn't doubt that Moriarty had long since spotted him, but he wasn't planning on staying for the entire performance. He would need to leave before the end if he wanted to avoid his rival cornering him afterwards to gloat.
Sherlock is suddenly alert. "What text?"
Sherlock withdrew, grumbling loudly but inwardly chomping at the bit to find out just what the story was with this John Watson.
Sherlock turned around, his violin still propped on his shoulder. He thought he'd locked his dorm room door. "What do you want?" he asked, frowning.
Sherlock was comparing the consistency of the sap on two different varieties of tree when he heard a voice he'd thought was permanently part of his past.
John grins. "I think that's a fantastic idea. Just you and him, to celebrate."
Sherlock felt something on his bicep. He looked down to see John standing beside him, his hand just slipping away from where he'd squeezed Sherlock's arm. Sherlock shivered involuntarily and tried to catch his eye, to see what he'd meant, but John had already turned around to signal to the children waiting behind him.
"And he shouldn't have seen-"
Vi swiped and tapped at her tablet. "Oh look, and there's going to be a concert on Saturday evening. A strings orchestra, pops and classics. Sherlock will want to stay for that."
John had the most curious expression on his face. Sherlock really didn't know how to parse it. John's next words were no help, either: "I don't know whether to laugh or punch you."
"Do you think it's all right if we have breakfast without him?" Tristram asks. It would probably be correct to wait, as Doctor Watson is a guest, but on the other hand it is after nine by now and they don't usually stand on form.
Sherlock took a moment to sift through his memory, but couldn't find a match.
Tristram answers quickly (normal; no; unlikely) and looks around guiltily to make sure no one is listening to them. Olivia and Alice are playing some kind of jumping game, and Sebastian and his friends are nowhere to be seen. "No one's supposed to know, remember?" he says.
John groaned. Sherlock rolled back onto his side, facing John. "You can sleep some more. Nothing going on today. Do you want some aspirin?"
"And let you have all the fun?"
John leans in to kiss Sherlock again, this time turning his body sideways so he's facing Sherlock, and runs a hand lightly down his arm. When he reaches Sherlock's hand, he intertwines their fingers. He pulls away and slides down in the bed, keeping his eyes on Sherlock's. Sherlock follows him until they are on their sides facing each other. John brings their still joined hands to his mouth and kisses Sherlock's fingers.
Sherlock presumes John is aware of the tail. It's not as if he makes much of an effort to be secretive about it. This isn't the first time Sherlock's followed him here, either. John doesn't have a set day or time for these visits; he's been at least once a week, though, since... Since.
%%%%%%
He pushes the handle down very slowly and opens the door just a crack; the light sound of snoring lets him know that someone, at least, is using the room, and he'd be very surprised if it were Emily making that sound. He pushes the door open a bit further, and sure enough, there is Doctor Watson, lying on his back on the big double bed, fully clothed, with his eyes closed and his mouth hanging open. And standing by the window, dressed in different clothes from yesterday, is Emily.
"I have to go," Sherlock blurted out, taking a step backward. No matter what he said or did, he was just going to end up alienating John further.
On the other hand, they also hadn't kissed or even touched beyond bumping elbows. It wasn't that Sherlock wanted nothing to do with John if they were no longer physically intimate, but he still felt a strong physical pull, and the carefully controlled way John moved and held his body around Sherlock said that John wasn't insensible to the attraction, either. Yet there was undeniably a barrier between them, and Sherlock didn't know if it was one that John had erected to protect himself, or if it was one that John needed Sherlock to break down.
John stares at Sherlock, his mouth a thin line. He doesn't say anything for several seconds. "Yes, all right," he finally agrees. "I should never have left him alone with her. I accept that. You're right. But her taking him
Smells of ginger, lemon grass and chicken as he went up the stairs. Telly off. Music on. Soft jazz. He'd asked for wine. Mixed signals. Was John still upset about the lie?
He popped it in with a quick, self-satisfied smile. The same mouth John had just been kissing. John felt a thrill run through him, realised he was staring, and forced himself to remember what he was supposed to be doing. The turkey.
Uncle Mycroft chuckles. "Perceptions may differ," he says, "but I believe, strictly speaking, in the sense you mean, it is neither a case nor a date. They are, shall we say, taking care of some unfinished business. Beyond that, you should speak directly to your fathers if you want any more details."
