“Benny?” Dean says, looking up at him.
"He didn't like that Cas wasn't a woman," Dean clarifies quietly, gaze falling to the cup in his hands.
Jess does a full-body shudder. "Oh, no. That's
Cas huffs a quiet laugh and runs a finger over the curve of Chevy's shell. "Do you think I can see your car sometime?"
Kevin gets excited making notes about fabrics and materials that he could use as inspiration for new creations and Rowena and Pamela check out other designers' pieces when Castiel doesn't need them around. Dean's by Castiel's side most of the time, helping him run errands, make calls and double-checking with celebrities' agents for their custom clothing.
“Going back to the office,” Castiel answers, already turning slightly to walk away. “Met Gala orders are coming in and I want to get started. The sooner I finish them, the less stressed I’ll be when I have to figure out Fall and Winter collections. I’ll hail a cab so you can have the chauffeur bring you home. Good night, Dean.”
What an odd way to die.
Dean waves as if to say it doesn’t matter and pulls out his phone, saying, “Nah, they’ll get it. I’ll just tell them not to wait up for me. It’s all good.” He shoots Sam a text to let him know that he’s staying late to help Castiel with Met Gala design drafts and Sam’s reply is almost instant, reading:
felt that
“That’s me. You must be Clarence,” Rufus confirms, putting down the documents. Cas nods — he had decided to go by a different name in there, just like how Dean went by his Italian alias. “How may I help you?”
There's a whole lot of talking about Dean and Cas's childhoods in this chapter and self-worth/self-loathing issues come up with both of them. Not sure if that warrants a TW, but leaving this note here anyway.
If it was any more possible to go deeper into a closet, Cas may be there.
You keep waking me up -- Why do
Cas glances back at him, eyebrows raised slightly. "You know about that?"
When they got back to Sioux Falls, Bobby tried to placate Dean, only to have Dean ask if he can bring him to the materials shop down the street so he could buy cloth to make the jacket himself. After a full month of day to night work, Dean came out of their shared room one evening after Ellen called them all for dinner, in a near-perfect recreation of the Louis Vuitton jacket. The sleeves went over his small hands and the bottom reached his knees. Bobby asked why he made it so big and Dean said he wanted to be able to wear it even when he grew up.
Michael shakes his head slowly. "One day, that won't be enough and we both know it."
Castiel smiles halfway, nodding, “Good. Alright. I’ll be going to see Kevin and check on the Met Gala materials and then I’ll be straight off to see Vaccarello. Before I’m back by 2, I need you to pick up my 10 scarves from Hermés, the polaroids from the shoot we did last week and ask Zeddmore for the social media analytics.”
There's something about Castiel in the moonlight, but his smile goes so well with the sun.
Dean nods slowly, staring on at him, unsure, and Cas walks over to unlock the door after looking through the peephole to affirm that it's Sam. When Cas opens the door, Sam's face turns bright red when he realizes Cas's hair is messy and his top four buttons are open. He clears his throat, looking between the two of them when Dean finally comes to the doorway and asks, "Did I interrupt something?"
thanks, dad.
Chuck turns around, surprised to see Adam.
If he could go back in time, he probably wouldn’t have done the heists. If he had known what it would cost them all, he wouldn’t have — and yet, seeing them all so happy getting ready for the wedding, seeing Michael and Adam reunited, it seems almost worth all the trouble.
What kind of pain?
i'd think you would with how much you wax poetic about wings.
Anael asks, “Are you talking about Adam or Michael?”
CW/ Mentions of drugs
Eventually, John says, “I heard from Adam that he met Sam a few days ago. How was that?”
Dean actually came over today for a date, but he left for about 20 minutes to pick up Sam from the Roadhouse. Apparently, their dad saw Sam kiss a boy and Sam was too scared to go home after that. Dad allowed them to stay the night after Dean explained.
When he gets out next year, Cas already has plans for a new heist — a small store, small target. The police will take time to arrive; he’ll have time to escape and plan another mini heist. He’ll slowly build back up to Champs-Elysées level. A better person would stop completely but the adrenaline that rushes through him when he steals... nothing compares. The thrill of it is impeccable and if it were up to him, he’d never stop.
They all get up at 8 to wash up so the bathrooms are full of almost every inmate at the time. Breakfast lasts until 9:30, then they have their work assignments (in which Dean has deigned to work in electrical while Gabriel scores the place in commissary after the previous inmate got sent to the SHU for smuggling contraband). At 1, they have lunch and then it’s free for all until dinner at 5. Curfew is at 11, though numerous inmates seem to continue sneaking around after the lights turn off.
"Listen, I've been a P.A before and never did that much," Meg nudges his shoulder with her own. "Be honest. Were you in love with him since the first day or what?"
Nathaniel scoffs, leading them up some stairs to the second level. “Five years and you still ended up back in prison. What, did freedom get too boring for you?”
“Mr Novak,” Kevin suddenly says, looking afraid. “Viola’s dress... There’s a hole in the back of it.”
Officer Inias Garrison suddenly comes into the tent, saying, "Inspector, there's someone here who has a call for you."
if you play hooky with me then we won't have one
“I’m not buying it!” Michael cuts over impatiently. “He’s trying to make me smuggle his supply into the prison instead of Lilith.”
And then he met his hard work in the barn. Spent time with him, felt the heat of his big heart and the touch of Dean's calloused hands. Sam supposes Cas fell in love with him along the way. Cas could never understand when exactly responsibility turned to respect. When that respect turned to friendship, and when that turned to affection, and when that turned to a deep love he barely grazed the concept of. Neither did Sam. He never thought angels could feel emotions in the first place, let alone give in to love so completely, but Cas continues to surprise him.
"Tell me you won't die," Cas says once they're alone.
You too.
right now, you can do whatever
Roman frowns in realisation. "You're leaving today."
Sam straightens up and pushes his hair behind his ears, walking back out of the tent to look at the bank. If he didn't know what had transpired, he would never have guessed that there was a hostage situation. It looked perfectly peaceful from the outside, spare bulletholes in pillars at the entrance.
“Dean broke up with me,” Cas sighs shakily. Bela turns to look at him and takes in the sight; his hair is dishevelled and his face, tired. He’s wearing a white button-up that only has the bottom three buttons done and black slacks. He looks like he’d been crying for a while.
We will try.
"Move, move, move!" Dean shouts, bringing the last rolls of money and gold to the opening of the hole so the Dalís in the tunnel can access them easier and faster. "Berlin, Dallas, with me! We're holding them off!"
angels back.
does that mean you can't be a bitch???
want to accept it.
i styled him for the date actually stay pressed luv <3
," Kansas answers.
“Stop jumping to conclusions,” Cas says, partially irritated. “When did what I do become your business?”
Hola, guapo.
You...
“Of course, yeah,” Dean says, stepping aside to make way for him. He can’t help but notice that Cas is wearing Prada, like how Dean wore Westwood. He wondered if it’s for the same reasons — Dean wore it because he knows Cas likes when he does. Did Cas wear Prada because he thought Dean liked him in the brand? The thought sends tingles up Dean’s spine, even though it seemed pretty mild in the wide scheme of things.
"We win the public then what?" Angeles questions.
i mean we know but what
"He told Gabriel before we came to Paris," Dean tells her.
by him, man."
"Okay, shut up or you're not getting any pancakes," Sam threatens, waving the spatula at him before he finally goes back to the pancakes. Dean laughs and laughs, and Cas remains confused.
! Gun to his head! Do you know how that feels like?"
You two... You know, eternal
I'm gay.
Angeles raises his eyebrows in pleasant surprise, "You were worried about
“And I told you, I’m not giving up anyone,” Anael says bitingly. “Now can I go?”
Okay, I’ll invite Cas to watch fireworks. He can wear earplugs so it won’t be loud. YES.
Meg looks out of the window for a second to look over the police. They're mostly standing around, either discussing or aiming guns at the entrance. She thought it would save everyone's time if they just went home. They weren't leaving until they got their fortunes.
I like Reese’s. All good on that end.
ROWENA
She hesitates — Michael had been in the middle of panicking earlier and so she wasn’t sure if he can be of any good help to Dean. She asks, “Why?”
He found two diamond anvil cells in the basement of the Diamonds Factory while making sure there are no hostages hiding there. He brings them upstairs and shows the anvils to Dean and Detroit. “We can make our own diamonds.”
And thus, it will be --
Dean had thought about the gold for weeks after agreeing to assist Meg. Meg suggested turning them into spheres so they would be easier to move, but Dean brought up the matter of the volume and weight and the idea was abandoned. The concept of coins was brought up too but quickly scrapped. Too many coins to hide on the way out.
one of his ribs.
Sam argues, "We're talking about actual human life, Zachariah. If he dies, that's on us."
Finally, Dean sighs heavily and buries his face in his hands. He sniffs, and Sam realises Dean is crying.
Thank you for being you.
Dean holds Angeles's hand, whispering, "Please wait for me, Angel. I'll come back."
And he was happy enough just
He studied fashion for real and when that didn’t work, he dropped out and worked at a boutique. When his friends teased him for it, he said they pay well and it was just easy money. He only wore his branded clothes when he went out with girls. About going out with girls, Castiel has gone with numerous attempts at matchmaking by his friends, by Bela, and by Gabriel. But in his brother’s defence, he did try introducing some guys to Castiel. He was the one who shut it down every time, no matter how gut-twistingly nice some of the guys were because it meant coming out to Gabriel and he couldn’t form the words.
Yes, Dean, he would love for you to have my hand in marriage.
“If I’m calling you Castiel, you’re calling me Dean. Come on,” Dean says.
how do you pretend it's not coming?
When they are alone in the hallway, Dean carrying medicine and Angeles carrying food, Angeles says, "You know the state secrets could be false."
anyway tell me about that date of yours
EXACTLY CAS <3
Gabriel and Bess help him with designing the runway set and sometimes Balthazar will be there to point out anything that may be wrong. Dean and Balthazar style the models with the most suitable outfits and Gadreel had already taken the studio photographs of the models in their outfits so it can be posted onto the NOVAK site for people to view and shop from the looks. Plus, after Dean collected the printed photos, he and Bess organized them onto a board with thumbtacks to decide the order in which they go out onto the runway. Cas checks in on the progress when he isn't busy with starting on Emmy Awards outfits designs and he seems largely impressed with what they have so far, which makes Dean really happy.
Leaning in closer, Adam says quietly, “I just want you to know, in case anything else goes wrong, that I may have known you for 6 years, but I knew Michael for 11. I’m sorry, but I will do
Castiel says, finding it surprisingly easy to admit in the heat of the moment, "Men." Hannah stares at him, unblinking with shock, and Bela laughs, hooking her arm through Castiel's and leading him out of the studio.
“Didn’t do anything? They broke into the Bank of America. Anael,
"I know, I just kept thinking about that. If she didn't try to get back at me for the runway, I might have gotten there too late and she would have printed the article —"
When he turns a corner, he narrowly dodges someone and when he processes who it is, he freezes.
Where’s the pretty angel?
Angeles meets him halfway, looking alarmed. "What?"
. The word rests on the tip of Castiel’s tongue. It would be so easy to say. Kelly still doesn’t know about Castiel, she just knows she’s here to help him, make it easier to come out eventually.
you insist on saving him? I don’t
It's late, you're obviously tired. We can talk tomorrow morning.
"Isn't it a funny coincidence that you were present at both heists?" Naomi asks, holding what looks like a transcribed testimonial by Jody Mills that Adam was there at the first heist followed by another transcription of a call that says Kansas contacted someone named Adam. The second testimonial makes Adam's chest seize because it can only mean two things: 1) Someone was a snitch or 2) Someone else was in the Factory. Either option, Adam had no way of warning Dean. He'd left his radio with Jess and even if he didn't, they would have taken it off of him after his arrest.
She runs off before Dean leaves the office, deciding to get to Naomi Intel first. She's the creative director of Marie Claire magazine and Meg knows she doesn't budge easy. She and Lucian Morningstar might be some of the most ruthless magazine directors ever. Meg is half-convinced that
Cas looks unconvinced. "And you're fine with it?"
"We should go our separate ways," Michael cuts over, looking down at the table instead of Adam.
"Okay, raincheck. How does Sunday sound?"
“Aye, that’s what I heard,” she replies.
Sam says quietly, "They won't let me send someone in."
I can’t, I told you. I’m not
we left you alone for six hours.
Meg doesn't say anything and he knows she's just as scared for him. She tries, "Look, he's got that vet hostage and Athens, plus Winchester. And Angeles is a strong guy. He'll be fine." She sounds like she's convincing herself but Dean tries not to let that get to him.
“Vegas and I are gonna do something after the heist,” Bela says. “I’m not sure what the plan is yet but I think we’re getting a place together.”
And Castiel listens. Dean often finds himself rambling for way longer than he intends to, and his hands move animatedly when he talks (which has led to people staring at his hands while in conversation with him) but Castiel says nothing, lets him talk until he's run out of words to say, and then he offers his input.
Dean can't help but ask, "There's something here, right? I'm not imagining things? It was there when we were studying, it's here when we're talking."
Meg frowns, running her arm through the water. "I know it's pretty and all but what's so great about the lake?"
why not
,” Michael cuts in. “
" They have the upper hand right now. No matter how temporarily, they had one over them. Unpredictable.
Either way, he made his bed and he had to sleep in it, whether he was used to it or not.
did you show that to him yet
“Maybe,” Dean says, looking down at his screen. “Relax, you look good.”
“Oh, you don’t have to fire him, it’s fine,” Sam quickly says. “I don’t want to ruin his career over this.”
His second boyfriend died in a car accident, four years after he and Gabriel moved to Hell’s Kitchen. It destroyed Castiel and Gabriel tried his best to make him feel better. Gabriel liked him, but after he’d moved on a few months later, he couldn’t figure out why Castiel was still just as torn up as when he first got the news. Gabriel didn’t know Castiel was dating him. His boyfriend was understanding enough and he himself was in a similar plight anyway and they were both perfectly fine with keeping it to themselves.
"Maybe he'll come with us," Dean shrugs, sitting down next to Cas on the steps. The hostages couldn't care less about their conversation since they're releasing them now, so they could talk freely but they still kept their voices low and to each other. "I haven't met his girlfriend yet but who doesn't like being whisked away to some European country like Italy?"
? We're all in this for something. I was gonna use my money to start again, be a good big brother to you, get a good life for once. Angeles was going to get his brother a new life after wrongful imprisonment. He told me last night that Balthazar was gonna use his share so his poor family can have money to get by and they didn't have to work again."
Be quiet. Go get ready for school.
Come on, man.
Dean's gaze drags across the room until he finds Castiel's eyes and for a few seconds, there's nobody else but them, and Castiel almost wants to move forward until Adam and Sam talk to him and pull his attention away. Bela comes straight to him.
I HATE Y'ALL
Michael betrayed Chuck of his own free will in 15x08. As I said before, Dean and Michael are parallels, which means
we're having a fuck war
Hated how we left things.
back off you fuckin clown
Michael attempts to comfort him, "What little I know about John, I know that he is fairly unreasonable and tends to step on toes without even trying." Adam raises an eyebrow at him and Michael gets to the point, "What I'm trying to say is that your anger was not unwarranted and you have the right to feel the way you do."
"Can you build up to it?" Castiel replies, partially joking. "I don't think I'm quite so drunk yet to answer personal questions."
"Adrenaline," Dean answers laboriously, watching Meg restrain Toni and drag her out of the room to where Eileen and Jo were now waiting. "We used the last of it for Detroit. Any time in the next fifteen minutes, I’ll be getting a heart attack and we don’t have adrenaline to get my heart back online."
I just wanted Jack to get to be a kid. He never got much of a chance to really live and be a child. Now that Chuck’s gone, I thought he should finally get to do that.
"Come on, Cas. He had it coming," Dean grumbles, letting Cas pull him out of the restaurant and back onto the pavement. Dean flips off the man through the door and Cas rolls his eyes. It's his fifth fight in the past two months. Dean keeps losing his shit at things Cas insists they should just let go. Tonight's scuffle had been started after Dean caught a man making fun of Cas helping Dean out with his tie during their dinner. "He should be lucky I didn't kill him. What a dick."
Dean, I’m sorry I --
Something like... people?
"Wait, what about the Interpol agent?" Rowena asks and Cas looks like he's about to go find her.
Jack’s soul from Heaven.
Kansas's modified voice replies, "
"Might simply be your paranoia. It's been a while since you saw them, you're anxious about your brothers. It makes sense."
"No offence intended, but I quite like Dean as Dean," Cas answers, a little bit embarrassed as he leans against the back of the door. Dean blinks, surprised, but he remembers that he's supposed to be Sam right now.
“No shit,” Dean mumbles, taking a card from the top deck since his cards only added up to 15. He gets a 7. “Look, I’d prefer if we just kept away from each other while I’m here.”
Dean is hesitant to reply with the line he toed earlier on but eventually answers, “He acted weird all evening.”
Dean is given a custom suit Cas ordered from Versace. It has a beautiful gold on black print on a Barocco Brocade suit and Cas tells him it’s worth at least $5000. Dean admires the way the print shimmers under light. Cas himself has a full Emporio Armani fit -- a double-breasted jacket in bark-effect jacquard, jersey fleece trousers with a logo patch, a gold stripe lining up the sides, lace-up shoes and a dark blue button-up print under the jacket. With the running theme of black and gold, Dean can't help but notice that they're matching.
Cas replies, “You don’t have to, you’ve convinced me. You’re a good man, Dean Winchester.” That leaves a smile so wide on Dean that Cas tries not to let it get to him.
Dean realises belatedly, giving him an exasperated look, “You motherfucker. You told Adam already, didn’t you?” When Michael smiles at him, Dean rolls his eyes. “Look, I’d love to, but the situation’s different. Cas might kill her.”
SHUT THE FUCK UP
"Sorry, who are you?" Donna asks the question everyone else is thinking.
Castiel gets the hostages to line up at the doorway with the guns just to ensure they don't try anything. Meg holds out a plastic tray, saying, "Watches, necklaces, rings, put that shit here." When Sam moves slowly to remove his glasses, Castiel knows that's the bug.
"You look really good," Kansas compliments; he has this grin spreading across his face, wide, sunny and slightly embarrassed.
That makes Dean smile so wide. "You're reading this for me?"
"We should go now," Cas says once the cloth is in place.
day for over a thousand years.
Is this where you kill me? I mean,
Sam and Dean came to my hospital room today to celebrate Halloween because I’m not going to get the chance to trick or treat, whether I get through the operation or not.
Then we do what we always do.
and I can't do anything about it."
A hostage situation is the last thing Sam Winchester thought he would be handling on Friday evening but here he is, entering the tent that the police have set up outside the Bank of America. Jody Mills, the deputy inspector, walks up to him and tells him, "The robbers tried to escape earlier but one of them got shot and they ran back in. We're not sure about the extent of their injuries, but two cops got shot too. They're fine, the shots didn't injure them heavily. There are about sixty-seven confirmed hostages."
Sam Winchester, Castiel Novak
[undelivered]
Sam and Eileen spot it just as he does and Eileen asks, "He buys your coffee?"
what are you all discussing today
When Ketch doesn’t seem to be convinced, Cas closes the book in his hands, holding it out to Ketch with a warm smile. “Do you want a free copy, officer? It’s about an antagonised man who finally meets his foes. There’s a lot of mind-bending content --“
“Sorry, I know this isn’t an office kind of conversation but I didn’t want to keep putting this off. If you want to give me an answer another time, it’s all good with me —“
When he sees Cas, he’s talking to Inias in his office. Cas smiles, laughs, talks with him until he leaves. It unsettles Dean, though he knew they were somewhat friends, and doesn’t Inias already have a girlfriend?
that's because you're not that fun
now because I don’t know what
“Your boss bought this?” Sam asks, amazed, as he reads the label on the bottle. “How much did it cost?”
“Sunders. How was the SHU?” One of the guards asks jovially, though Dean is sure he’s only mocking Ishim.
“The thing about plans is you can make as many as you want, but the truth is that life is unpredictable,” Cas says. “You make a plan, you expect it to fail, and then you throw it away. That’s how it is. We’ll have to make it up as we go.”
He doesn’t look as young as he did ten years ago; He now has an impressively thick beard but his eyes are still kind. Benny smiles small, “Hey, Dean.”
"The police shot me when we were getting our associates into the bank to assist us. We had just lost Balthazar and needed help, you may have seen the three motorcycles riding into the bank. I got shot covering them," Castiel answers, zipping the coveralls back up. "My associates brought me back in and asked for surgeons, the same as Chuck got, but were declined any medical assistance. Thankfully, a hostage and Athens had experience and Inspector Winchester came in to give us an IFAK kit. I would have died if it weren't for them."
i kinda like it here :)
Adam nods, unsure, and closes his eyes. Sam and Dean watch him. Violet and Rowena begin preparing the bomb.
Castiel mutters bitterly, “Then that’s my problem.”
night. He wanted Dad to come home, and he had a list and everything, you know, of what he wanted to do with Dad when he got reunited with him. It’s got shit like learn how to drive or how to ride a bike and all that because he doesn’t have a single memory with him. He was too young to remember anything when Dad left us. We thought he wouldn’t do this to us willingly. We thought the worst, that maybe he died.”
God, I
You really think we can get him
What?
"I wanted a bigger cut of the money. They weren't all that jazzed about the idea and threw me out," Meg says, rolling her eyes. "Can you blame me? That's a lot of fucking money."
whatever so i'm gonna go for a mcdonald's breakfast run i'm not having any of this hotel crap
I'm so excited.
and I'll be a dead man walking."
Despite the situation, the corner of Dean’s mouth lifts in a bitter half-smile as he asks, “Would you like to be the first? No electric chair, no last meal. Just you and me. You may have killed before, but I hit like a mother-fucker. I’ll make you wish you were dead if you say even one name.”
Dean nods and takes the panelling off, revealing a mass of wires tangled. Meg frowns up at it, commenting, "How the hell do you know which one to cut?"
"What was that shot?"
Sam knows he's been caught but he says instead, looking at Castiel, "You're Angeles, right?"
his name is castiel.
sammy i wish you could come :(
The rib or them?
"I'm right here, man. Not cool," Dean interrupts, glaring at the pap.
Dean looks down at the handprint and slowly places his hand over the bloody print. Though the blood has long dried, it’s almost like he feels Cas’s hand against his.
God, that was so dramatic. Stopping here.
“Jesus, Michael,” Gabriel sighs, relieved that he’s apparently okay enough now to enjoy a donut. He hadn’t seen how Michael looked when the shock and pain kicked in but from how it sounded, Gabriel had been scared. “You cannot keep doing this to me, one day you’re gonna give me cardiac arrest.”
Cas gives Dean a hug as he promises that he will, and they spend the next hour on the phone with Sam talking about the proposal and Eileen crying about it until Sam has to go for the night. Dean can't stop smiling for the rest of the night until they find their way to Cas's room.
“Then it's a good thing that’s not happening because I like having you as my boss,” Dean smiles loosely.
The doors open and Charlie starts walking at a fast pace, Dean trailing behind as he looks around. The office is packed, random racks of collection pieces standing around the hallways and people running from room to room, speaking into phones. She says, “So, this is Mr Novak’s office level. The entire level is just his, yours, Missouri’s and Pam’s.”
but i just don't want you to think that it has to end like that
Meg teases, "Oh, Clarence. Tell me Michael Kors saw it."
"Send them," Naomi permits, curious to see what the hell they want an interview for. They send in a reporter, Missouri Moseley, and her cameraman Dede, much to the disappointment of the tens of other reporters outside the bank.
"I know he does."
Violet looks over at him.
Cas might have skipped over a verse just to keep it short, but the transition is smooth enough as he jumps right into the last verse, "
much everyone in the world, the
Sam and Eileen lean into each other as if gossiping like schoolgirls, signing quicker than Dean can decode, and they laugh among themselves. Dean flips them off but it's in a joking nature. Maybe he did have a crush on his boss. So what? It's not like he'll be at that job forever, and it's not like Castiel returned the sentiment, and it's not like Dean will ever act on it, and it's just not like this crush will last. It's fleeting, as Dean feels, and one day he will look back on this crush and laugh at it over dinner with Castiel when he's off with some guy and Dean's off with someone.
Sam comes back nearer to 10 at night and Dean’s already antsy from waiting for the moment Meg finds out he stole her runway gig, so when he opens the door, he blurts out, “What took you so long?”
“There we go,” Benny says, grinning. "How is he?"
I’m not sure. But I feel it.
i don't want to marry jo
Yesterday, she and Ketch stopped SWAT for storming the bank when rapid gunfire started going off, so loud and avid that even Colonel Zachariah Adler had been concerned. Knowing it was just Abaddon annihilating the robbers.
"Tan? You wear a lot of tan coats," Dean speculates.
does michael have a gf
Adam’s speech abruptly cuts off and Michael is suddenly the one sitting in front of the cake. His hand slams down on the table in shock at the suddenness and he steadies himself, trying to get his bearings.
. He likes how good he looks in his Prada trench coat and he likes his rare smile when the moonlight streams in through the window. He very simply just likes Cas.
around.
shirt ever, yet he looks like an angel.
YESSSS GAYS ALWAYS WIN
school night, I’ve got a test
thanks cas
will was an illusion like I said
Adam considers the new information for a grand total of 0 seconds before he says, “
"Now that the legal part of it is somewhat sorted, it does make it seem much better. Closer to resolve. There's no way they can win anyway. I've got enough people to testify that I had all this before them and that they stole it."
“Well, if I die, then go on without me. All of you know the plan by now,” Dean replies simply.
why are you up
no luck with kevin but jo got a flower from some guy
Dean is a fucking rock star with the way he plans for possible contingencies. Over the past two years living in Palermo, Sam and Dean managed to get over the awkwardness of being reunited after the stress in the Bank was taken away as their common point. Dean got along with Jess just fine, and Sam actually likes Cas.
With the conversation with Michael and Adam in mind, Dean went back to work to see that Sam is there in Cas's office in a black three-piece suit, probably something cheap like Amazon. Cas is nowhere to be seen, but Sam has a few documents in his hands. He looks up at the sound of Dean's shoes on the floor and smiles, "Hey, Dean. Cas is talking to Rowena and Pamela but he should be back in a while."
“And yet it took you and Cas a year to talk about the sexual tension,” Meg teases. Crowley laughs obnoxiously and Cas turns in his seat to narrow his eyes at her.
"You know if I'm free," Cas replies, rolling his eyes but clearly glad that they're moving topics. "But I am. Why?"
“The point is that they were here at all and you got to know them. When they’re gone, it will hurt, but that hurt will remind you of how much you loved them.”
," Dean drags out the syllable thoughtfully. "I think it's weird because you said green is your favourite colour."
Meg walks away abruptly and drags a hand through her dark hair, visibly bothered. She paces around him, asking, "You don't seriously think this is still just a money heist?" Dean remains silent, waiting for her to continue, and she stops in front of him, shouting, "You crazy son of a bitch! This stopped being a heist when Rome got shot and died! This isn't a robbery, it's death row!" The room has fallen silent, even the people on the other side of the door didn't make a sound, and she says, "The bank may be ours right now, but Abaddon isn't stuck in here with us.
burnished his image on Earth.
Sam closes his eyes and places a hand over the crucifix necklace under his shirt, praying to God he's right, and orders, "Shoot him before he shoots someone."
i'll bring him over when i pick you up
Kansas’s hand reaches up to rest over Cas’s. “Really?”
and why do you call him clarence
She hopes it makes up for all the trouble.
“Think about it,” John says deliberately. “You haven’t done anything yet so I assume you’re just waiting for someone. The only other person with me in ad-seg at the time was MacLeod. I can destroy this in minutes. I’ll give you time to think it over. I expect to hear the plan by tomorrow.”
Moving in is simple enough; Anael didn’t have too many personal things she wanted to bring over to Ruby’s. They set up Anael’s room for an hour before deciding that it’s much easier to just share a room.
"Dean —"
"For now," Dean says. He asks loudly so she can hear him through the door, "What do you want, Abaddon?"
gonna have to live with it like I have
Can we go to where we had our first date? Where we saw the sunset.
ok seriously gonna go offline now see you in 15
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says dismissively, but his tone is soft when he adds after a moment, “I’m gonna miss having you around, Dean. Now that you’re in NYC and I’m all the way at Stanford. That’s a five-hour flight.”
Growing up, church for Castiel meant people like him were unwelcome, no matter how misinterpreted the Bible had become by then. He had to make sure he didn't have a trace of makeup on his face, and that he was not wearing anything pink, and he went with only his brother or a girl, who was often Anna.
When Sam and Eileen split off to the spare room in the apartment that Dean furnished with his first NOVAK paycheck and Dean retired to his own room, he can't stop thinking about Castiel and the way he moves in his tan trench coats.
Michael blinks. “Today?”
School’s out for holidays and Sam conveniently doesn’t have any new cases lined up for December, so the logical idea for Eileen and Sam is to go spend the last month of 2015 and New Year’s with Dean and Castiel. Cas offers up his place for them to stay instead of Dean’s since it’s way bigger which has Sam excited to finally get to see what Cas’s place looks like. Dean even helped tidy up Cas’s apartment before Sam and Eileen arrived, moving his incomplete works to his home office and personal items to his room. Cas’s TV already has subtitles set up so it wouldn’t be a problem for Eileen.
do you have a date?
Watch out. I have never met the man but from what I heard, he's a complete clown.
Sam comes to visit with Eileen on the first day of March, and they’re ready with a cheap bottle of beer when Dean comes back from work only to get even more excited when Dean shows them the expensive champagne Castiel offered to buy for Sam and Eileen.
I love you. I really do.
"Meg says they took the produce truck," Dean notifies.
Skilled robber and time bomb waiting to go off.
Not yet. You come by anything?
TW/ Homophobia 101 by John Winchester
Are these entries even interesting? I'm just rambling. I mean, probably not all that much compared to people like Crowley or Meg. It's still something, right? Sam said I should try creative writing, which I guess is something like stories? A step up from what I'm doing. He said it might help. I don't know what he thinks I would need help with but maybe I'll wax poetic about Cas sometime and see.
bess is my girlfriend
Adam nods along to show he's following. "And if that doesn’t work?"
Castiel and Dean meet up with Meg and Balthazar backstage to approve models, or to switch some of them out for different outfits. Castiel restyles some and picks out accessories and it's like magic to Dean, watching him work. It doesn't take long for Charlie to find them and she gushes about all the ready-to-wear collections that she is "so gonna buy once they're in stock".
my dad won't be home until midnight so we have the whole evening
Fireworks? What's the occasion?
Awaiting the death sentence for the murder of Toni Bevell
Why did I even ask?
BETTER LUCK???
THERE WAS A DOG I SWEAR TO GOD
Dean's father wants to meet me.
you're literally superman
Adam appears in the middle of a white hallway. He looks around, trying to find his way around, but the doors all look the same.
it's ok i wouldn't want men around either
MISS KLINE??? COLLECT YOUR SON!!!
Dean inhales sharply but nods anyway. "See what he wants."
Rowena, Sam and Crowley appear the quickest again and they get to work, propping Detroit up properly on a gurney that Jo brings to work better. They set up the equipment and supplies and Detroit grabs Cas's arm to stop him from leaving to make way for their medics. Cas pauses in his tracks and says, "Detroit, I need to make room for them."
Do you see how the line started to blur there? Can you even tell who I trust and who I don't? When does the line between circumstantial reliance and unconditional trust begin to blend? Where is it defined? Do
by his side's a step up.
"First of all, Angeles picked up the phone. Dean was shot yesterday but he's stable right now," Mick begins. "However, this also means that it was a different Dalí that got shot at the window."
(For some reason, that's stuff people want to know. But who is Dean to talk? He has the order memorised to heart.)
when you know what will happen to you?
Good choice.
Balthazar makes a 'yikes' expression, standing up just as Vegas, Salem and London show up at his door, dressed head to toe in ridiculously flamboyant clothing. Feather boas, cartoonish glasses and bright clothing wrap their figures and London grins, tipping her glasses down her nose to peer at him over the top, "Come on, Angeles. You're wearing just that?"
Sam spends his downtime with Dean or on a joint video call with Charlie and Kevin, both of whom Sam had gotten extremely close to. When he's working, Dean stays out of his way because he tends to sigh a lot and Dean's tired of warning him of getting stress lines.
bobby brought the kids over to his place yesterday so you can come over anytime to see them
she's in my chemistry class
As they work on the microphone, Michael continues talking, "Right, as you can see, Dean is safe. The threat has been contained so you will no longer have to worry about rogue Interpol agents."
It seems like Ketch buys it and he nods, ushering her to a bench near the tent. "Then you may sit here and wait for more news. The medics are trying to get him back topside. What's your name?"
Meg narrows her eyes, “What dress?”
Gabriel looks up at him from his place on the ground. “What did you do that for?”
Cas narrows his eyes -- he had given it a lot of thought while in Heaven. He had a hypothesis about Sam and Dean, and he voices it, "Did you switch vessels?"
Dean and Cas sip at their respective coffee cups, both with the same arduous order. While they shared most of everything, the one thing they could never share was coffee. Dean had learned how to take his coffee as hot as Cas did, though he still had to blow on the surface before sipping.
“Dean will get us out of here no matter what,” Cas asserts. “We could always trust him on that.”
Cas says apologetically, “I’m only free to go shopping with you on Saturday.”
yes my queen
Hey, guys. Enjoying a little alone
not the rule in the Impala, but he's ridiculously happy tonight. It all felt right. He looks up at the sky and closes his eyes in silent prayer. There are no words that run through his mind, no actual plea to God, but it's a fleeting moment of hope.
"Put this on," Jody instructs, holding out a small microphone to him. Sam sticks it to the back of a pair of false glasses, hoping that it's good enough.
sam do you want the rat
bomb to kill both Chuck and
Meg questions, her drawl twice as slow now that Dean is pressed for time, “Winchester, what are you taking Ingrid for?”
you already call me a pussy to my face
mr novak is protective huh
Dad can be a little... Well, you know.
barely hurt it. Chuck’s basically
The phone rings in the police tent and Ketch shushes everyone loudly, pointing at an IT girl to accept the call and record it, try to reverse engineer the inevitable voice modulation.
Sam bristles, he stiffens up and folds his arms. “Dean.”
us has to be the bomb. I’ve done
Ed swallows. "I was hungry."
Angeles cuts in absently, "My name is Castiel James Novak."
"Hester
Poor bastard never caught a break.
wtf could he do to those innocent donuts
“Then why are you here? We’ve never met,” Lucian asks, looking up at Dean from his seat.
Adam's birthday, I think.
Dean looks up from his phone to Cas, who has turned around from his place in the passenger seat to look at Dean. Michael raises an eyebrow in the rearview mirror at Dean, but he can't even bring himself to care. Sam glances between them in anticipation, waiting for Dean to just spit it out.
We look at the same black, empty void. There is the very muted sound of Dean’s voice asking:
“Look, Cas. I get it, okay? You’re not comfortable with being out. I’m not going to force you to come out, you do that whenever you’re ready,” Dean says. He drags in a long breath and says, “But I can’t keep hiding.”
Fine.
Meg frowns and asks, "You sure you love him?"
How the hell are you still alive
Dean lets the torn pieces drop to the floor and silence has never been so troubling to Sam until this moment. Finally, Dean says achingly, "A dead family man and one with a shot to his shoulder and all for paper and unused ingots. You can't think this is fair."
"I do this sometimes, just a thing I do," Castiel shrugs. "I've had dinner with Missouri, Pamela, Charlie, Kevin, Gabriel, Anna and a number of other employees."
"Abaddon's still in the bank," Dean counters.
Sam gives him a THUMBS UP as he passes.
You’re back.
She contemplates telling Dean about Alastair’s proposition and Michael’s history. Though the more she thought about it, the more she remembered that Michael didn’t want Dean to know and it wasn’t her business to tell. So, Anael lies, “Everything’s alright.”
What about Amara?
Dean aims his revolver at the ceiling and shoots, and as he hears the other robber's boots get closer, he distantly wonders why the police haven't stormed the bank yet. Rapid gunfire and, though he couldn't hear it, Dean assumes the hostages would have been screaming. No proof of life and their landline is down. They had every reason to rush them in the bank. Why haven't they?
"Well, he's a very unique man," Dean says, one side of his mouth tilting up in a grin. He waves hello to Lisa at the counter and then leads Sam and Eileen up to the top level. When the doors slide open and Dean reaches his desk outside Castiel's office, he smiles at the sight of coffee sitting on his desk.
“Anyone ever told you you talk too much?” Nathaniel suddenly asks, turning to stare at Gabriel with complete annoyance. Dean looks between them, already beginning to try and size up the guards, and Nathaniel says, “I don’t know what shitty ass prison you were at before where the COs were your fucking friends, but that ain’t here. Here, you’re our bitches. I don’t joke around with pieces of shit. Get in your fucking cell before I give you a shot.”
’s coming into town in a couple of months, I’ll check and let you know,” Adam says. “I’ll see you around, Dean. Thanks for meeting me.”
" Kansas asks. Sam grants him the time, hanging up and burying his face in his hands, sighing deeply. It's all just a game of chess -- thinking ahead, waiting for the next move, eating each other's pieces, and he is losing.
“Michael, what the hell did you do?”
. Why are you getting a whole new suit and I get just a wallet?"
“Maybe later,” Sam says half-heartedly. He looks up suddenly, asking, “That must be him, right?” Sam’s subtly pointing at Adam, donning formal wear under a streetwear coat. Obviously, he's left his doctor’s coat at the hospital and opted for something more casual. Adam perks up when he spots them.
i met him today and i love him already
What?
“You should do what you think is best,” Cas says. Dean’s thankful that Cas doesn’t seem bothered at all at the change in atmosphere. It might have felt uncomfortable with anyone else, but with Cas, it felt normal. “Whatever you do, I’ll be here for you. And I’m sure Sam will as well.”
He adjusts his seat at the desk and signals to Inias Garrison to connect the call between him and Kansas. After ringing out three times, the line picks up and Sam greets, "Hello, Kansas. Have you made up your mind?"
Michael smiles. "No more running."
it happen? Dean isn't even that sure. Maybe he liked the rush he feels when Castiel walks into the room, firing off everything he needed Dean to do for him that day. Maybe the adrenaline presented itself in a different way. Dean says, signing as he talks, "Don't know. It just did, I guess. Forget about it, it's nothing. Tell me about that Sam kid in Eileen's class."
no m jus tiredd
"Dean is remarkable." Cas's voice cuts through Dean's thoughts, sincere, and Dean listens. "With the things he has been through, the things he has done, nobody would have expected him to come out of it all such a good man. He certainly owes the world nothing, and if he wanted to quit hunting, he has every right to do so. Yet, he keeps on, with a strength that I rarely get to see." Dean is completely speechless as Cas continues, "Knowing him has taught me more than the millions of years I have lived, and I have loved every second of knowing Dean. I think I'm so lucky to be able to call myself his friend." He adds, a touch of hurt in his voice, "Even if it never went any further. I am lucky."
how can we not
Sam's mouth feels dry as Kansas continues, "
Realising that Michael has no idea what to improvise, Jo jumps in, "Why is he wearing his mask?"
[Found on Dean's locker]
can he get a bf already jesus
," Castiel says, dumbfounded. Of course, Bela was right again. Someone who followed his career and life too closely. Castiel isn't even sure if the public image of him was truly that desirable.
“No audio input in the footage so I can’t say much. They played blackjack, I think, then he left after a bit,” Anael fills him in. After a moment, she says, “Please tell me at least
“Oh,” the woman says. “So you’re one of Ana’s Dalí friends?”
"Right behind you, buddy!" Dean answers, leaning forward to fire before getting back behind the crate.
Cas makes sure Sam can support Dean on his own before he walks off to talk to Jess over the radio and Sam brings him to the front door. "Dean, are you sure you'll be okay if you do this?"
”You could have called me! I’d come and get you, you know I come to work early,” Dean says. He straightens the coat over Cas’s shoulders and takes the cup out of his hands so he can hold them. He rubs Cas’s hands between his own to warm him up with body heat. “I’ll go turn up the heat, your hands are freezing.”
"Holy fucking shit, Sammy," Dean says, pulling Sam into a tight hug. Sam laughs, wrapping his arms around Dean too. "This is huge."
"Okay," Cas says, making it clear he won't argue. "What would your father say about sleepovers?"
Dean runs a hand over his face, wiping the wetness off on his jeans. “But that’s just it, Sam. I don’t want to break up with him but I don’t want this to be some secret anymore. I can’t even hold my boyfriend’s hand when we’re not at his place or mine! I know this is hard for him, I told him he has all the time he needs, but fuck John, I am not hiding for him.”
Dean.
With Crowley’s return brings a new problem, though. As it turns out, someone else has been waiting for his release from solitary as well — Naomi. She had the intention to interrogate Crowley about the two heists which makes this even harder because seven of the Dalís are in the same facility. Maybe if this was happening three years ago, Dean could confidently say Crowley wouldn’t sell them out, but that’s different. Three years ago, Crowley wasn’t going to die.
“Thanks,” Gabriel says sarcastically.
by my father, like everyone else.
"You were
not clarence that's for sure
CLARENCE???
"So is it yours?" Dean asks, lifting the phone to Chuck's face.
i'll take it
Ash explains, putting down his laptop so he can sign as he talks, "A 35-metre deep elevator shaft that'll take us to an antechamber with a retractable drawbridge. Don't have to worry about what it'll trigger. As far as the system knows, we didn't break-in, so we're fine. Let's move to the second door. Rowena, can you get the styrofoam boards and tape?"
ok now go back to your husband
Anael and Dean pause and she asks what Dean is thinking. “Which one?”
“Kevin is five years younger than you,” Meg points out flatly. “A kid?”
She knows the dumb fucking police officers outside must think she's slacking off. When she comes out with all the Dalís' heads on a stick, they will know not to mess with an MI6 agent.
“Can we take five?” Pax asks and Duma gives him a thumbs-up, going over to the computer to check on the photos she’s taken. Pax walks over to Dean and pecks him on the lips, “Hey, Dean.”
“Fashion does blow an intimidating hole in your wallet, doesn’t it?” Mick smiles. “I’m wondering something. If you’re Novak’s P.A, then why are you here and he isn’t?”
Sam notices that he’s still wearing the jacket from the other day, the one with the handprint.
The thing about moving to Spain with Bela is that Meg is excited at the prospect of it because, well, she actually fucking adores Bela. She's like the perfect partner-in-crime and getting even richer through counting cards in casinos and then spending the rest of their days in the most expensive mansion in Spain is unequivocally the best ending for Meg.
wouldn’t take a knee. Eternal shame.
, man. That's the biggest bomb we have against the government other than the kid," Dean snaps. "If you're worried about them finding your identity or anyone else's, relax. None of us went to the bank other than the two of them and the car they drove, I made sure it was wiped clean and demolished. Untraceable. We're ghosts."
Dean cries a little bit harder when Sam says, giddy grin obvious in his voice, "Eileen and I would be honoured if we could wear clothes you designed for our wedding."
"Hester Garrison," Hannah says. A little reluctantly, Bela and Castiel notice. Hannah quickly adds, "But the interview was arranged by someone else, she was just the messenger."
Suddenly, his phone vibrating interrupts his thoughts and Dean pulls out his phone -- CAS.
killing the Shadow. It may not be
“Yeah, she’s like a lucky charm. Swear it doesn’t get better than her,” Dean goes on. “Oh hey, I should introduce you. Charlie, come over here.” Charlie puts down the catalogue and walks over, visibly trying not to look nervous. “Charlie, this is Dorothy. Dorothy, Charlie.” Yes, Charlie knows who she is, but it doesn’t hurt.
Angeles mumbles incoherently but it sounds like something along the lines of 'I'm alive'.
With a wave of his hand, he sends them flying into the bookshelves. Michael LUNGES at Lucifer to try to steal the book but Lucifer teleports in time. Michael’s eyes glow again and he summons a ball of grace to THROW at Lucifer. Lucifer teleports once more and the grace EXPLODES against the wall.
I don't know.
pull this off?
"Don't use the Lord's name in vain," Cas says with a straight face.
You used to trust me, give me the
"Then why the hell were you butchering
Adam remains silent as Michael speaks. It's an odd arrangement, it's normally the other way around; Michael being completely quiet while Adam keeps conversation up. Obviously, because he doesn't know anything about fashion and thinks it's best if he just lets Michael talk. At least he had some knowledge about it through Chuck. Dean listens.
“Dean! Oh my God, I can’t breathe, I’m so excited!” Charlie practically squeals from the other end. “You and Castiel are close, can you please ask him if he’ll let us party at work tomorrow? Please, please, please.”
you what.
" Though the voice filter is still there, it's undeniably not Kansas and most of the robbers were definitely American. The only known Brit on the team was Crowley and it's definitely not him.
“No,” Michael instantly says. He knows what Alastair does within the confines of the prison walls. He doesn’t want the trouble. “I don’t do that.”
When the meeting is over and everyone disperses from the room, Chuck congratulates Cas on another great show ahead of him and leaves. Gabriel checks if Cas and he are still up for dinner on Saturday and then it's just Dean and Cas left at the runway.
i got to kiss cas so who's winning
driving up to school like this is my sexy car and my sexy bf
"Why do you even like Dean anyway?" Dean asks. "He's so stubborn and he's always angry." Maybe he can find out why Cas cares this much. He supposes he would be the same if Sam and Cas started acting like each other but this is different because Dean likes Cas. He likes Cas a lot more than he probably should, but he's certain Cas doesn't (and can't) feel the same. Maybe it's the whole angels don't understand human emotion thing on top of the fact that Dean is such an unlikeable person --
Dean asks, leaning out of the window to look over the doors, "Why? Even if Chuck's sketchy, Michael's not his dad. He's an okay guy."
With John dead, Dean hopes that can serve as some kind of cushioning for the impending rage from Sam he knows he’s bound to receive once news of this ‘heist’ gets to his ears. The heist on the Bank of America, the heist on the Diamonds Factory and now, essentially “stealing” Crowley from the Potosi Correctional Centre. He’s doing a bad job of being a good brother.
"Come on, baby. Do you do more than work?" Dean asks, pulling a dramatically upset expression to which Cas lightly pushes his face away.
Yeah... no.
But then... we always made it
"They know your voice," Jody points out.
start from the end.
Castiel tries to convey every inch of sincerity in his gaze and Dean’s mouth falls open like he wants to say something, but he doesn’t, waiting for Castiel to continue.
spend the rest of your afterlife
“Five,” Dean says. “I want the last three reserved for emergencies.”
It goes silent on Cas's end and that's when Dean realizes what he's said. He starts trying to take it back, "I mean -- I love that you would do all this for me and Sam, I don't -- I mean, it's been a month, but --"
Dean doesn’t have the heart to tell him Cas is long gone. Adam DISAPPEARS with the sound of wings flapping, leaving only Dean and Jack left.
The doors slowly slide open and the six of them file out of the door. Gabriel is the closest to the entrance so he reaches the man with the supplies first. As soon as his hand grabs the bags, gunfire explodes and Cas yells at the hostages to get down. They scream and Detroit ushers them back into the Factory before they can get hurt and before Cas can process what's going on, he sees Gabriel stagger backwards before falling, hand catching onto his sleeve.
“Fine,” Michael says firmly. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I wouldn’t laugh at you, I’d commend your taste,” Cas says, falsely obnoxious as he drinks his hot coffee in one go.
Alone, Lilith starts, “Alastair doesn’t want to work with me anymore and I have too much supply to just stop, so you’re going to sell it for me.” Instantly, Dean says no, and she doesn’t take it well. “I know you and Michael have something going on, and I know his husband’s upstairs fixing him. You help me get rid of my stash or I go up there and kill them both. They will never see me coming.”
Are you okay?
of course not cas
Forget what Dad says. You wanted Cas to have a good time and he did. He told me he spent a lot of time with his friends and that Winchester boy. That was you, Gabriel. Despite what Dad says, you're a good brother.
Sam raises his eyebrows, about to say something else, when Jack walks in.
“I’m inclined to not provide any answer, whether it does or doesn’t,” Crowley answers. “What does it matter if you have a few names, accurate or not?”
DEAN (O.S.)
of a bitch to you.
“Was?” Cas echoes and Dean feels his face split into a slow-starting smile.
i'll go with you.
with a normal last name like KLINE. BELPHEGOR KLINE???
"No," Dean says, seeing someone shuffling behind Toni.
Dean chuckles again, and his fingers graze Cas’s knuckles when he reaches out to steady him. “Yeah?”
That was the start of it. They offered him money, $3,000,000 in cash in a suitcase Dean brought. Once they were certain they'd bought Mick's silence and loyalty, they filled him in; They had another heist planned for five months later at the Diamonds Factory at Hatton Garden. They had a bigger team this time though Dean was against telling him everyone's identities. After he was aware of the impending heist, Dean told him, "You can be our inside man with the police and keep this 3,000,000 or Meg can show you the suppressor she bought last week."
CHUCK
Wow, really? Great!
!" Paris hears him and jumps over the barricade as he does, each of them grabbing one of the two grenades and throwing it out of the landing zone. They explode just outside the building in mid-air and the gunfire eases up a little as the SWAT turn away from the explosions. Thankfully, it doesn't seem like they're injured. They're in riot gear, for God's sake.
At least it’s dark out, the roads are empty and the prison has vans.
Dean stands and holds up the new outfit against his body. Sam looks him over and raises a thumbs-up in approval. “Yeah, wear that, definitely.”
Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak
Michael slows down, the pain numb with being caught off-guard. It’s clearly the same one Alastair used on John. Lilith notices his eyes fixing on the shiv and smiles, asking, “Do you like it? I stole it from Alastair.”
that’s past! What’s up? We’re a
Cas SMILES.
Cas nods and calls for Sam through the radio. Once Sam confirms he's on his way, Cas asks Dean what's next to which Dean says he'll explain when Sam gets here. There's no point wasting his breath when he's this close to passing out. He needs to make sure his plan is known before he leaves the building.
"Dean is alright. I think they're bringing him into the tent in an hour or two to question but for now, he's being monitored by the medics. He's been awake since this morning," Mick says and Cas grips the edge of the table, every inch of anxiety in his body relieved after hearing that Dean is well.
It's okay. Get well soon. If you want, I can bring soup.
Sam draws in a deep breath, wringing a hand in stress. "And then there's Jess. She's alone out there. She can't go out because if someone on the team recognises her, she'll be caught and we'll lose our entire surveillance team. She's gotta be so scared, she's never done this before." Eileen's more than certain that Jess would be handling herself fine. Maybe with a little uncertainty, but Eileen had faith that Jess knew what to do if she was left alone to this duty. Dean wouldn't have picked her up for the heist if he didn't think she couldn't take care of herself.
“I’m not leaving,” Anael says. “But I’m gonna need you to get your shit together. Look, I'll get rid of the coke. You stay out of Lilith's way. We need a plan for if she comes back again, what is it?"
“I mean, I think so, but I’m not getting my hopes up,” Dean replies, pulling out a hanger from one of the other opened boxes to drape a bomber jacket he’d made for himself when he was 17. It had
They follow her to the lobby where the door is and Charlie says, "I have to open the door manually."
i agree.
Dean sighs. "Yeah, I'll be careful. Fights in dark alleyways only." Cas glares at him and Dean chuckles, throwing his arm over Cas's shoulder and kissing his cheek in an attempt to placate him.
(See the end of the chapter for
he’ll let you sleep in his room.
“Jo and Eileen, front seats, go!” Dean orders before he puts on a cap. Sam, Adam, Jess and Meg will have to leave in different ways and disguises since the police had their faces and names and Adam insisted on bringing Michael along with him so he’d gone with them. Dean stayed with the truck just to ensure that they get past all the cops looking for them.
Michael pulls up outside the school, saying, "Because Adam wants to introduce me to his mother so I probably have to return the favor soon. Now get out of here." Sam waves goodbye and gets out of the car while Michael gives Cas a pat on his shoulder before letting him go. Dean says bye and leaves, joining Sam and Cas on the pavement.
Cas's Twitter is literally full of zoomed-in photos of Dean working at his desk, either seriously doing tasks or pulling weird faces or doing something funny. According to Ed Zeddmore, the social media analyst, the public liked when Cas showed a softer side from the scary fashion icon image he has. Showing Dean fooling around with him also tells them he has a good relationship with his employees. It's not a façade anyway. Most, if not all, his employees enjoyed working for him.
Well, he ended lunch very promptly after that. Rude.
"Cameras set up," Vegas says just as Dallas returns, giving him a thumbs up. Berlin tells him that they're on their way back to the main hall and London echoes it.
Dean and Cas, for two. Their brothers and their partners wouldn’t, which rules out Adam, Sam, Gabriel, Michael and Jess. Charlie wouldn’t, she knew what hell she’d incur on herself, so neither would Dorothy. Jo likely won’t, just because of how long she knew Dean and Sam for. Therefore, Ash wouldn’t out of respect for Jo. Eileen didn’t seem like the type and Anael liked to think herself a good judge of character. The Banes twins from the first heist didn’t know any of them and were definitely not the informants. Giving them up would entail giving himself up as a national traitor, so Mick is out. That leaves Crowley, Rowena and Meg.
but it’s bigger. Any way to spread
"I'm going, I'm going," Dean grumbles. "You don't have to play both of you up."
Yes, why?
The four of them walk into the bunker.
I just want time, Crowley.
Chuck tries to hold his own against Dean but eventually cracks under his steady stare. "It's mine."
never cried so hard in my life
"Thank you for letting us sit in," Sam says, standing to shake Castiel's hand politely. "It's so cool to watch you work."
"Then why'd you laugh?"
feathery ass back to me. You can’t
“Sam and I
THIS IS SO CUTE
"It's legal." Dean echoes absently.
Dean looks on curiously as Ed follows Angeles out, looking about ready to shit his pants. He trusts Angeles to handle anything. He's second-in-command for a reason. He distributes the food and remaining medication that Angeles hadn't given out yet.
“Adam will come around eventually,” Cas assures. “He's protective, of course, so I think it's just his rage speaking right now. Once this is over, he'll be back to normal. And for Michael, you couldn't have expected Lilith's madness. It's not your fault and since he's not here anymore, she's the least of your worries now."
i'm ??? sobbing ???
"I think we all do," Dean mutters. "But what's your point?"
“Why not ask Kansas for his help on the heist? I may be good, but he’s better,” Berlin says, sitting down on the corner of the bed to look at the blueprint.
for the old man, you got nothing
"I know. But you threatened my family," Cas replies. He puts one bullet back into the chamber and slams it back into place. Both Meg and Sam could see this was different from when Meg and Dean did it -- Cas had no sort of emotional attachment to Toni. He could actually kill her. Sam takes a step forward, pondering if he should stop Cas before he starts firing blanks. Meg shakes her head minutely. Cas continues, "If you think I’m playing, I’m not. I can take a lot of shit, but if you threaten Kansas..." He points the revolver to the centre of her forehead. "I’m not a murderer, but you make an extremely tempting offer."
"Okay."
“If you find a ravaged Furby in my bag, I promise it was for scientific purposes,” Cas replies.
The first time Castiel drunk so much he knocked himself out when he was 17 and his friend hauled him back home, Gabriel freaked out. Yeah, he himself has passed out from nights out with friends a couple of times, but this was
Is that you sitting at the lockers?
That shouldn’t be a problem
Jess furrows her eyebrows in concern, "Are you sure?"
Cas nods approvingly, "You could match a nude monochrome suit with this easily. I think they would like it too." Dean's brain is already working on a new suit design and he reclaims the sketchbook to start drawing. His phone buzzed on the bedside table and Cas sits up to take a look. He notifies Dean, "Bela texted you. She says she's sorry if she overstepped." He looks up at Dean whose pen has frozen, hovering an inch above the blank page. "What happened?"
I know.
"Tell Windom to get the escape truck ready," Meg demands.
Are you lost without your
He jokes, "I thought you'd get a bigger place."
"You're done?" Dean asks, raising an eyebrow. "That didn't take very long."
Right then, the door of the rec room swings open and Dean doesn’t turn to look, but the man drops a deck of cards on the table in front of him and sits across from him.
"I know you won't, I trust you. You love the little angel with all your heart, I can see that clearly," Bela says. "I just mean that it's a pride party, could be a chance to talk to a more free Castiel. You —" Bela cuts herself off, tapping Dean on the shoulder and points down the street. “Dean, is that your father?”
DEAN (O.S.)
“Of course. Take your time.”
Then no problem.
“I’m sorry, Kelly. I can’t. Not yet,” Castiel apologizes, shaking his head. “I’ve wasted your time, I’m sorry.”
," Cas corrects, visibly irritated. "If someone has to die in this building, it’s going to be you." He checks the chamber to see where the bullet had ended up after he spun it before he fires once at Toni's head. She flinches despite herself and it ends up being the first blank. "I can assure you that I no longer care." Cas shoots again and Sam can see Meg counting the shots in her mind. "I’m not scared of you --" Another blank. "-- or the entirety of the United fucking Kingdom."
. He grabs the shiv and pulls it out before Dean can tell him not to. Michael winces hard and collapses, bringing Cas down to the ground with him. They both fall onto their knees. Cas takes the radio off of Michael’s shoulder, going on the private channel to call Anael, and Dean kneels down in front of Michael.
[Passed to Charlie in Math by Dean]
"I'm a jewel thief, not a murderer," Cas jokes, kissing Dean again.
“Ooh, is it a you-thing or an us-thing?” Rome asks, obviously intrigued by the plans. “Hatton Garden... The Diamonds Factory, huh? Impressive target.”
