Smiling at the man next to him he replied "Yes, until Castiel." Shaking his head Barachiel turned in his stool to face the man next to him and with excitement in his voice began to tell the story of Castiel's moment of creation. "Dean, I watched as this nondescript little angel, newly created, come before our father to receive his Grace and like thousands of angels preceding him, Castiel was given his but then..." Barachiel paused trying to find the right words to convey the extraordinary event that occurred afterwards
Castiel looked over at Crowley and scowled at his flip remark bit stopped short of correcting him about his insult. He needed to ask the demon a favor and so ignored him instead saying "Crowley, I have a favor to ask of you."
"You know Cas. It is very difficult to find decent minions these days." with a sigh he added "and how did they take your news? Hmmm?"
Castiel understood Barachiel perfectly, one of Barachiel's favorite thing their visits to earth back in the early days had always been mankind's creative recipes for alcohol and the public houses built to facilitate their tasting.
Sam did remember, It was a musical and though not exactly his cup of tea. He did remember Dean's reaction to the two young ladies playing as Dean and Castiel.
Castiel sat in silence for a moment. Gathering himself. He had not expected this request from Dean. Although he knew that the man had to have been curious about the whole ordeal of his rescue. All he has had of his story so far has only been doled out in bits and pieces.
"Your brother allowed Castiel to possess him and granted it was not a full on possession, it may well have been enough."
Castiel took another drink from his beer and drew his hand across his lips. His mind racing at the thought of having to leave everything...everyone behind. Suddenly, a pain he had not felt before began to grow in his chest and he began to feel as if the air surrounding him had become thin. The change in Castiel's state did not go unnoticed.
"Have you forgotten darling? You and I once shared that sexy vessel – together." Castiel as an angel could not feel illness but when he realized where Crowley was going he suddenly had an idea what it would feel like if he could.
"Yes, I...um" Castiel paused then continued "I don't want the Winchesters to know about the cages, Crowley. Dean he would..."
"Well" he said loudly "I guess this is where I should get all biblical and say something that sounds religiously profound. You know for your book of Gospels and all"
“But as you know we prevailed over your captors and when I faced Alastair to take you back it was with my brother's help that I was able to wrest your soul from his hold. Oh Dean. I wish...” he paused as if looking for the right words. Then continued with something that sounded of awe “I wish, I could help you understand what that felt like.” Looking down into green-eyes, Castiel reached out and placed his palm on the side of the young man's face.
"Why thank you young man. It is much appreciated." rubbing his hands together, a smile of anticipation crossed his face as he leaned forward and waited. When the bartender placed the glass with the dark amber liquid on the bar top. The man grabbed the small glass and raised it in his direction as another way to say thanks, Dean watched with curiosity waiting to see his reaction when he drank it. Expecting a small sip, Dean was surprised when the man downed it in a single gulp. His face showing no reaction to the burning liquid going down but instead his face lit up with a big smile at the sensation. "Yes indeed. That did finish well." Waving at the bartender for another round of the same for the both of them, Dean waited for their drinks and advised the man to maybe sip the drink and enjoy it a little longer.
Shaking his head at the complicated situation he has now found himself. Barachiel decided to appeal to this Winchester in a way that he would understand.
"Cas, what's going on with you? Dean took a another step down into the study, towards Castiel with concern in his voice. "You have seemed a little out of it since you got here and don't tell me it is because you haven't heard from your buddies up in Heaven."
With eyes brimming in tears, Sam watched mesmerized as the golden light that was Castiel's grace begin to rise up and away from the body of his brother and the now empty vessel clutched against his chest, of Jimmy Novak. Swirling upwards it appeared to Sam that it even paused as if to take one last look and then it rose heavenward dissipating as it did so.
As Sam approached the threshold of the large room he already new by the silence he would find the room empty but he continued through the portal and did a quick scan anyway. Expectations proven, Sam was still a little disappointed when he did not find Dean and Cas sitting close together and sharing a bowl of popcorn as they binged Dr. Sexy.
"Our rebellious little friend is very clever, for what it would take for me to remove what little bit of grace you do have inside you, Dean Winchester. Well, it would cause you a great deal of discomfort. So, I am going to do nothing."
Adjusting the angle of his body slightly so that his sword hand was hidden from the man standing to his left Castiel remained silent as he stared and gave a slight nod in response to his arrival. Ready to let his blade drop should the man make in threatening moves in his direction.
"No Dean" feeling the young man's pain radiate Barachiel felt great sadness at the news he was about to deliver. "Castiel cannot stay and live as a mortal, Dean. He must come home and face our Father for his decisions and the subsequent repercussions of those decisions." Barachiel sat back and watched the human, studying him and the he came to a decision. Leaning towards the man who had captured Castiel's heart. He opened his mouth to speak but just then the bartender appeared to see about another round.
Cas was too far-gone to catch more than ‘need it’ but his body understood well enough.  One, two more thrusts and he slammed home, filling Dean’s hole with a flood of come, shoving the hot, hard thing at the base of his cock through a tight ring of resistance, nestling into Dean’s heat and catching.
Cas wasn’t sure he wanted to bring this up.  No, he was positive that he didn’t.  But in light of their recent actions, he felt that he needed the closure.
Ellen grinned at that, quickly sobering as she brought up the last major issue.  “One thing you boys should know.  The invaders?  They were Black Eyes.  And there’s a whole lot more headed towards my territory.”
He reached between his legs, gathering a good amount of his own slick in his palm and coating his cock with the stuff.  He pressed the tip to Dean’s rim, pausing just long enough so that the alpha knew what Castiel intended and giving him time to decide if he willing.
“Fine. Whatever.  Just don’t do anything stupid.”  Dean stood in the jeep, raising an arm in a wide circle, signaling the others that they were ready to move out.  Throwing the vehicle into drive, he tore out towards the edge of their territory closest to the crossroads.
“Don’t be like that.  A list of folk willing and able to help that you can trust to do right by you is no small thing.”
“Daisy-Ann.  Been a while.  You sound awful cheerful, girl.  You standing on a fresh ghoul corpse or something?”
Castiel wasn’t sure what to make of that.  He and Dean weren’t ‘boyfriends’ as far as he knew the term to mean.  They had made no promises to each other and Dean was still having frequent sex with women.  Though, Castiel had not noted him ‘picking up’ a male since they’d been sexually intimate.  Did that mean something to humans?
Cas sighed.  He glanced down at Dean’s spent cock, gleaming deliciously with spit and come.  “How long until that thing is ready to go again?  I’m still in heat if you recall.   I really, really need you to fuck me as soon as possible.”
Cas cocked his head.  “That is true.  But I don’t think we will be welcome back to that brothel in the near future.”
She glanced at the next name.  “Ah.  Little bro, Sam.  Now, I’ve not had a personal taste just yet, but word is he sure knows how to ride a person through a heat.  The word ‘stevedore’ might have been mentioned.  I’ve been aching to climb Muscle Mountain for ages.  But he prefers to keep to himself.  He’ll assist with omegas in need, sure.  He’s Alpha and single.  But on his own, he tends to be fairly selective with bed partners.”
She raised an eyebrow.  “Back to the silent treatment, already?  Relax.  I’m in charge of armaments.  That’s why I’m asking.  If you don’t have a weapon, you need one.  It’s rough out here for anybody, and downright stupid for an omega alone.  Especially one kicking out heat pheromones the way you are.”
That last thought bolstered him, and he didn’t resist when Dean got ahold of his wrists and pinned them above his head, swinging one denim-clad leg over Cas’ body so he knelt astride.  The position, Cas decided, was perfectly fine, but the pants had to go.
Castiel wasn’t exactly sure what he should do with that information, so for the moment he followed Sam’s lead and pretended as well.  Sam knew better than anyone how to manage his older brother.
Dean never had been willing to talk to him about it.  He’d reluctantly shared a minor detail here or there over the years, but they’d never had a real dialogue.  And Sam couldn’t remember any more instances of his disappearing on them growing up.  The topic only came up when Dean gleaned something useful during a hunt, and he still stayed fairly close lipped about the details.
The rest of the day had actually gone surprisingly smoothly. Ellen had come down from her roof and sent for the pack chemist to evaluate the powder while Sam took her place.  Ellen was far and away their most cunning negotiator, trading was her baliwack.  Ash had nearly peed himself when he tested the stuff, and he was nearly as excited about the quality metals on the table.
They’d been having sex virtually nonstop for the better part of a week.  Dean didn’t bother with foreplay and Cas would have snarled at him if he had.  This was about connecting, as deeply as possible.
“Promise,” Dean replied. “We’ll even send an escort with you back to the edge of your territory, if you want.”  He didn’t add, ‘since you were dumb enough to travel alone,’ but his implication was loud and clear.
“So I’ve been told,” Castiel replied with a faint smile.  “Among other character flaws.  But, for what it’s worth, I am sorry.  And I should have offered to help you carry the gunpowder back in Persephone.”
In general, Supernatural does an amazing job with suspension of disbelief.  By the time you realize a plot device doesn’t quite add up, they’ve moved on to some lovely maiming and bloodshed with a side of heart-wrenching masculine drama, and we the viewers have forgotten the issue entirely.
“Idiot,” Dean interrupted him, voice heavy and languid.  “You didn’t hurt me.  I’m an omega, remember?  My body is built for this.”
“I don’t know,” he replied honestly.  “I think it would be prudent to try both, see which, if either, I find preferable?”
Sam was right, of course.  A quick scan and Dean caught sight of every one of his pack mates.  Some looked nervous, while the ones who’d been with him a while were grinning eagerly.
Crowley wasn’t placing his bets on a winner of the fight; the locals all knew Dean would be victorious.  No, the real profit would be later, when the betting changed to which prize Dean would choose.  Crowley clearly had a death wish.
Dean was standing in the center of the camp, an oversized coffee cup clutched in his good hand, eyes alert as he monitored the activity around him.  Sam was at his side, the two speaking softly.  Both were heavily armed.  Dean wore the same knife he’d used back at the Pit tucked neatly into a belt sheath, and a gleaming silver gun with a white handle strapped into a thigh holster.  Sam wore a sawed off shotgun slung securely over his back.
“I had no idea.  None.  You never said anything.”  Suddenly enraged, Castiel shoved Dean back against the wall.  “You love me?  You idiot!  Why didn’t you ever say anything?”
“Right?” Dean agreed smugly.  “Eyes so blue they practically glow, power for days in those long legs, and don’t get me started on that ass.”
“You’re gonna hafta make a decision, you know,” the gentle cadence of his distinctive Cajun drawl floated through the air.  A moment later he appeared,  leaning up against the porch.  “Before your heat decides for you.”
Time and experience had taught him to freeze when first scenting a threat.  Stay still, analyze, and wait.  And be ready to free his blade.
“Good for you, Sam.” Ellen replied, smiling up at him.  “I swear I don’t know where Crowley gets the stones.  Offering up human prizes, and an omega at that.  No good could possibly come to an unclaimed omega in that shithole town.  Of course we saved him.  We can always get more supplies.”
As far as places to live, this was one of the best he’d found, thus far anyway.  Castiel hadn’t met many locals, but the few he’d met had given him plenty to think about.
But Benny had been sniffing after a lovely brunette brewer that seemed to reciprocate his interest. Castiel didn’t want to interfere with that.  He didn’t know whom to decide on now.
The intrusion, when it came a few moments later, filled his body, the thrust slick and hot, and bitterly reminded Dean of too many other times with his angel lover.  Stolen moments in hotel rooms while Sam was out, or Dean professed to be at a bar somewhere.
His left hand rested casually on the firm, supple thigh of the brunette on his left, while the third girl (who may or may not be the blonde’s sister, he couldn’t really remember), also a brunette though this one had purple streaks twining through her waist length hair, sat on his other side stroking his palm.  All three ladies gazed down at him, their attention rapt.
Yet. They’d found nothing yet.  They would.  They always did.  It was just a matter of price.  And one way or another they’d pay it.  Dean just hoped it would be his burden this time instead of Sam’s.  His little brother needed a break from the shit show.
Bastard.  Cas was so hard it hurt.  His ass felt bereft, his hole clenching against the emptiness.  He was already soaked to the thighs with slick and they were just getting started.  What would it be like to take all of that giant Alpha cock?  It was suddenly vitally important that he find out.  So he gave Dean what he wanted. He begged.
“One of my boyo’s snagged the rest of that bottle of that lovely hooch our brother nearly drowned himself in.  Turns out, we like it.”
Sam sighed.  “Dean, he’s holding on.  He always has. He’s so strong.  But, what Dad did to him, what he had to become to keep up all safe…” Sam rubbed at an eye.
Dean waited in the lot, watching from the driver’s seat of the Impala to ensure the guy made his way safely back into the bar.  A group of the dude’s friends eagerly met him at the entrance, with high fives all around.  Dean grinned to himself, turning the car back the way he’d come.
Dean glanced over to the other side of the car.  Cas was gazing off into the distance, looking at God knew what; maybe the cosmic energies of the universe, or ley lines, maybe nothing at all.
Once deeply seated, Cas took Dean’s other wrist back in hand, pressing him against the wall with all his strength and weight.  He began thrusting, snapping his lean hips at a bruising pace.
Dean growled, the low rumble vibrating against Castiel’s chest where it was still pressed up against Dean’s firm body.   The Alpha took one more deep breath, filling his lungs with Cas’ scent.
Because Dean hadn’t gotten free at all.  He was still very much Angel-ridden.  The Archangel had forced Dean’s mind into that place; an endless spanse of darkwater that eschewed light or hope.
Dean sat up, thighs still locked around Cas’ hips.  “There.  That oughtta take the edge off for a minute,” he muttered softly.
Dean slammed the heavy glasses onto the wooden stand with a dramatic ‘thump’.  Gadreel stared blankly at them then up at Dean.
Castiel considered it.  This was so complicated.  It’s a wonder humans managed to successfully breed at all with so many things to consider.
“Nah, not this time,” Dean demurred, jabbing a French fry in ketchup.  “I just got back from taking out a pair of ghouls from an old bone yard.  I’m not feeling up to partying right now.  I grabbed a motel room across the street earlier so I could shower the dried blood clots out of my hair.  I think I’ll just head back and crash there.   I’ll finish the drive home tomorrow.”
There was no formal name for the act Castiel was performing.  A form of Angelic scrying, perhaps.  When he’d still been connected to the Power of Heaven, it was nearly effortless.  Now, simply making the attempt gutted him.   Still he reached, knowing there was no possible way they could physically get to Dean before he lost the energy to stay afloat.  But Cas had to try.
Once he was certain that Castiel would stay put, Dean raised his arms over his head, pulling both his top layer and undershirt off in one graceful maneuver.  His bare skin was slightly pale, the warm flesh gleaming in the soft room light.  Dean was muscular in the most perfect of ways, the gentle curve of his neatly stacked rows of abdominal muscles giving way to a trim waist.   Two pert, brown nipples tipped a perfectly framed set of pecs, the peaks begging to be licked.  Cas eyes danced across Dean's anatomy, at a loss as to where he wanted to look the most.
There were also some things that could be done in the town itself to help protect his wayward pack.  Reputation was everything, and a lawless town like Persephone was a perfect place for a person or pack to make a name for themselves.  Which led him back to his brother’s no so subtle hinting.  Sam was staring steadily at Persephone’s pride and joy, (and primary source of income), The Fifth Ring.
Even worse, Dean was picking up some things that Castiel didn’t want him to remember.  But as life had taught him, Castiel seldom had a say in such matters.
They were interrupted when the dirt bike rider from earlier drove up, the rider dressed in a tannish yellow jacket roughly the same colour as the tall grass, with a matching helmet.  The rider barely had time to kill the engine before Dean strode over and hauled the bike up with his good arm.
He stepped into Dean’s den, looking about curiously.  It was oddly organized chaos, and surprisingly cleaner than he’d expected.  There was the occasional dirty dish and plenty of clothes strewn about, but beyond the surface mess, it was well tended.  And everything smelled of Dean.
Dean fished his set of lock picks out of a pocket. He reached for the omega’s wrists and began picking the restraint’s lock.  It was trickier doing it with his off hand, but he'd manage.
Ellen pulled out her flask, taking a long drink.  The Roadhouse had been a stopping point for locals and travelers for the better part of thirty years.  A place to wash the dust off, have a meal and a drink or three, maybe do a little discreet business if one were so inclined.  Chat up old acquaintances, catch up on rumors, and maybe spread one or two.
Cas nodded reluctantly.  Taking a breath, he triggered his forearm sheath, launching the blade that had been his as far back as he could remember into his palm.
“Better still, if you stand close, you can smell the faint, tantalizing, tendrils of heat.  He’s mere days away from begging to present his pretty arse for the taking.”
The one place he had a great deal of interest in was the Canteen.  It had some form of cooked meals available 24x7.   Folk frequently gathered there between shifts to eat and socialize.  It was plain camp food, mostly supplied by adolescents learning to hunt, farm, and cook, but it guaranteed that no one ever went hungry.
“Years, Cas.  No, decades.  I’ve been taking hormonal depressants in massive strengths since I first presented at fourteen.  The dose was too high a dose for a kid; too high for an adult really.  And even then, I was taking double.  I think dad would have been okay if I’d been an Alpha.  Maybe.  But we are a Hunter family.  We needed fighters, strength.  Not a weak-ass omega that couldn’t even take care of his younger brother.  Dad helped me get the pills.”
Dean spun, hurling the bloody rag across the room where it slammed against the far wall, sliding slowly to ground with a wet ‘plop’.  He bent over, hands on his knees, taking slow, deep breaths.  Cas waited silently, eyes downcast.  For once it wasn’t an act.
Dean was perfectly disheveled, and so, so hot, his eyes burning with a familiar lust tinged with affection.  It was Cas’ favorite look, though he’d never thought to tell Dean that.  Of course, he liked it even better with less fabric involved.
“You’re very calm about this,” Castiel told his friend.  He wasn’t sure why, but Dean’s relaxed demeanor was inexplicably beginning to bother him.
Intellectually, Castiel knew that an omega should be able to calm their mate, but he’d never really given the practical application much thought.  The ashamed part of him eased a bit, realizing he may actually be able to be offer something useful to his mate.
In a particularly mature decision, he fell back into his older patterns:  he avoided the matter entirely.  And every day that he ignored the issue, his body became increasingly uncomfortable.  Before long Castiel was frequently becoming nauseous to the point that he couldn’t eat.  And every day he convinced himself; just one more day and he’d figure something out.   And then one more day.  Then another.
“No?” Dean asked, voice dangerously cheerful. “Oh, well.  Moving on to round…what, four? Or is it five?”  He slid the blindfold back down over Cas eyes, casting him back into infernal darkness.
“Cas, we got through it.  You eventually healed Sam, better than new, and you did your best to help us deal with the Leviathons.  We couldn’t have ganked Dick Roman without you.  Far as I’m concerned, we’re good.”
Blonde Head Pillow made a noise of protest when her hands were dislodged from his nipples.  Dean wasn’t a fan either, but he’d get back to that.
He thought he was going to rescue the lass.  By the time he made it in, he’d arrived just in time to watch her finish off the last of the pair of bloodsuckers.  She’d been up to her knees in gore, fresh sprays of blood dotting her face like demented freckles while she methodically sawed through a vamp’s spinal cord with a massive pocketknife.  She’d grinned up at him from where she knelt over the not-dead-yet corpse as he’d stormed the old shack, her gaze penny bright.  He’d almost felt sorry for the paralyzed thing.  Almost.
Cas broke first, gasping.  He wasn’t accustomed to having to ration his air supply.  He’d have to bear that in mind for future endeavors.   Dean had gone still, looking at him, chest heaving under the thin cotton T-shirt.  There was no shield over his expression now, the other man’s gaze open as a book.
Dean was no dumb knothead who didn’t understand the meaning of ‘no’.  But he knew how the world worked, and it was seldom in an omega’s favor.  Still, the idea that Castiel thought Dean would be like that, well, it took the wind right out of his alpha sails.  Dean never went where he wasn’t expressively, enthusiastically wanted.  Fundamental ethics aside, his ego would never allow it.
Castiel nodded.  “Yes.  They are fierce fighters.  Raised from birth to handle a blade.  Years of selective breeding made them faster, stronger than most people.  I’ve watched you fight, Dean.  You’re one of the finest warriors I’ve ever seen.  You may even be able to take down a single Halo soldier one on one if you got very lucky.  But the upper echelon, Dean they’re barely human.”
Snapping out from the unpleasant memories, Castiel firmly grounded himself back into the relative safety of the present.  He instinctively reached out to grip Dean’s shoulder, needing the physical reminder that his friend was safe and back with them.
“So,” Dean huffed, looking over at Cas.  His eyes glittered with a sparkle of familiar mischief. “Come here often?”
Castiel’s eyebrows rose at that blatantly incorrect assessment.  Before he could give voice to his indignation, Dean had straddled his lap and was easing his well-loosened asshole gently down onto Castiel’s cock, rocking down until he rested entirely on the Angel’s lap.
“Enough with the woolgathering.  We doing this or what?” Dean asked, bringing him back to the present.
And stacked.  Dean Moon, Dean was hung.  How did betas that didn’t have the luxury of creating thing own slick manage to take that thing?  Irrational jealousy flooded him and Castiel lunged forward, grabbing the alpha by his hips and yanking him close.
“Why do you do this to yourself, huh?” Dean asked, his voice gruff as he carried Castiel through the woods.  “Are a few days of crazy, wild sex really worth making yourself sick over?”
Throughout the years, Cas had had to fight the very real and disturbingly frequent urge to smack that particular expression off his Hunter’s gorgeous face.  He had actually done so, in fact, and more than once.  A quick flash of shame directly followed that impulse, as it always did when he thought about the many times he’d beaten Dean senseless.  The unwelcome memories of the feel of the bones in Dean’s face crushed to a sticky paste beneath his fist caused him to clench his hands.
Not to say that his lover was burdened with a similar condition.  Cas’ chest was sticky, dry and itching with evidence that Dean had enjoyed multiple orgasms while riding Castiel into oblivion.  When he’d needed a break, he crawled up Cas’ bound body, sliding his thick erection down Cas throat.
“But, to answer your question, yes.  I have been…curious about sex.  More so of late.  And when I consider it, you are the first person I think of.”
The area where Castiel had first touched ground was pack central, uncreatively called the Hub.  The Hub held nearly all of the pack-centric utilities.  There was an Arms house for weapons storage, a Med house that held the bulk of their medical supplies as well as the four pack medics.  Charlie offered to show him each and every location, but Castiel begged off, citing that the map should be more than sufficient.
Dean remembered every second of his time trapped as the unwilling host to a crazed Archangel.  His mind screamed the truth, even as his sincere, guileless green eyes compelled them to buy into his crap.
If the man was the least bit afraid, he hid it immaculately.  Dean couldn’t help but admire the guy.  He was completely unlike any omega he’d ever met, and Dean’s pack was near overrun with strong personalities of all flavors.  The omega’s clear stubborn streak might dissuade a run of the mill alpha, or beta for that matter.  But with this crowd?  Not a chance.  Plenty would take that display of attitude as a challenge, eager to put the omega in his place.  Dean was instantly charmed.
“Yeah, he’ll be fine eventually.  I promise.  This is hardly his first rodeo.  The whiskey wasn’t the problem, but it was a catalyst.  Dean went into full battle mode to stay sharp through the intoxication, but he didn’t get a kill at the end.  The Hunter in him bucked at being denied its prize.”
Dean glanced back at him, green eyes sparkling and a slightly smug curve to his lips.  Bastard was well aware of the affect he had on Cas.  And he was thoroughly enjoying it. Castiel narrowed his eyes in familiar annoyance.
The omega stepped up to him, right into his personal space, the chain binding his wrists clinking with his motions.  “None of your business,” the omega growled at him.
“Anyway, I was allowed to leave for a week, and promptly disappeared.  That was six years ago.  I was very careful to cover my tracks.  I suspect they found me by accident.”
Sam shrugged, careful in his display of nonchalance.  “Works for me.”  That Dean was having him drive his Baby, knowing Sam’s predilection for daytime hallucination, was telling.
Dean narrowed his eyes at Cas' tone, the all-to-familiar stubborn shield sliding into place behind his eyes.  It was a look that never failed to piss Castiel the hell off.  Today was no exception.
Castiel nodded cautiously.  She swung agily over the railing, her long jacket flaring behind her, revealing a pair of fighting knives tucked in waist sheaths.
A vaguely familiar feminine voice caught Castiel’s attention.  Well, that was annoying.  He’d thought it would be Sam or Ellen with an important pack question.
“See, that’s where you’re wrong,” Dean told her, grinning up at his audience.  His smile widened when the three young ladies beamed back at him.  “If you really get into it, I promise it can be fun all around.”
Sam joined them a moment later, taking in his brother’s state with an assessing glance before turning to the new omega.
Ellen took a seat, accepting the covered meal Sam handed her.  It was still steaming.  Venison steak, mashed tubers, and a generous chunk of thick bread.  Delicious.
“A week will not hurt you.  We’re all safely back from Persephone.  You don’t need to hold on to the tough guy persona anymore.”
And really, Sam needed to stop giving his own personal Satan any new ideas.  The Devil was well entrenched in his head, and more than once the illusionary nightmare had seemed to glean inspiration from Sam’s own thoughts.  The last thing he needed was two days straight of Music of the Night playing on loop.  Twelve hours of Toto had been agony enough.
So saying, he lowered his hips, smoothly taking the rest of the Alpha's cock until the firm cheeks of his ass rested on Cas’ hips.
Bright side, the pack would be eating well for a while.  Sam had to remember to assign some trackers to locate the animal bodies before other wildlife got to them.
“I’m not,” Castiel replied.  He took a seat on the log nearest Dean, relaxing slightly when the Alpha didn’t object.
Dean turned his gaze their direction, spotting Jody and Castiel.  He nodded in greeting before gesturing a ‘come hither’ at the alpha.  Jody gave Castiel’s shoulder a light squeeze.
“Nothing harmful.  He’s merely sleeping,” Cas replied calmly, glancing briefly over at the mound of peacefully resting Winchester.  Sam let out a snort, rolled over, and began to snore softly.
Dean looked satisfied.  “We did good with them, Sammy.  And I’m gonna remind those whiny bitches about this the next time I get crap about running drills.”
Castiel watched the landscape as they drove.  The narrow road became framed by wild grass nearing five feet in height on either side.   It was excellent camouflage for hidden guards.
I actually have three terribly long chapters just chockabock full of typos completely written out, including the ending.  Unfortunately they don't follow any kind of linear structure, so that needs to happen first.
Castiel smiled at his Alpha.  “Good night.”  He rose, making his way back to his house.  He was truly was exhausted.  And he felt lighter, like he may actually be able to rest.
She remembered Sam as this tiny, scrawny little boy with sweet eyes, caring.  Gentle for an alpha.  The man before her had to be nearing six and a half feet tall, with wide shoulders and packing a good acre of muscle.  His hair hung down around his ears, softening his look a bit, but his eyes told a different story.  Burning intelligence, curiosity, alert and wary, his Alpha gaze was one of the most powerful she’d experienced.  And, nearly buried, a touch of the boy’s gentle caring.
Dean scowled.  And that right there was the problem with nulls.  They didn’t have the first clue about how to read a dual’s secondary nature.  All they saw was the outer crap.  Surface characteristics were the least of the signs.
“Well, that was fun,” he announced as leapt up and hopped the fence to join Benny and Sam.  "You two finish up with our supplies and I’ll go collect our new pack mate and meet you back at the trucks.”
“We can’t do this,” Dean growled, struggling hard to get out from under Cas’ grip even as his hips thrust back to meet the angel’s dexterous fingers.
“Now, that’s just a base description of physical positions.  It has nothing to do with dominant, or submissive behaviors, no matter what one may think.  Plenty of men on the receiving side are as tough as it comes; they simply like what they like.  You may hear the phrase ‘pushy bottom’ with this type of person.  Now, that can be fun.  It can also be aggravating as hell,” Sebastian added, rolling his eyes with a fond smile.
Dean passed the flask to Sam.  He took a deep gulp, eyes thoughtful.  Sam glanced over at his brother, the two apparently having an entire conversation wordlessly.
Sam nodded. “Okay then.  We have a deal.  My brother, Dean Winchester will fight for our Pack.  When and where are we doing this?”
“Christ.  You are a dog with a bone, you know that, right?” Dean grumped.  He reached out for the remote, pausing the tv and rolling to his side.
Castiel stiffened.  Is that what Dean thought? That he was some kind of spy?  He would never do that.  He hoped that the brothers trusted him at least that much by now.
“Okay, forget why.  How did you do it?  You weren’t exactly rolling in money back then, and under-the-table surgeons don’t exactly accept stolen Mastercards as a form of payment.”
Castiel reached over, unlocking the cuff around his left wrist.  Dean caught his arm, their eyes meeting.  Cas paused, allowing his omega to reattach the cuff to his right wrist.  Together they did the same with his left.  Now Cas’ hands were free, but he still wore a set of cuffs on either wrist.  It should be enough to keep the bulk of his otherworldly strength in check.  Probably.
But he’d made it.  He was done.  For another three to four months, anyway.  But he had plenty of time to deal with that later.
Sam glared at the tea, angry with it on general principle.  $80 a pound.  He hadn’t known tea could cost that much.  But the overpriced leaves appeared to appease his prisoner, for the moment anyway, and he didn’t have the ability to properly monitor her should the powerful witch get it into her head to escape.
Castiel  didn’t deserve the other man's stalwart friendship.  And maybe he never would.   But for now, weak, frail human though he may be, he was comfortably wrapped in the strong arms of the man he’d fallen for.  It was enough.
Dean’s gaze brightened at her warning, a haunting sheen skittering across his retinas.  “Is that a promise?”  He asked eagerly.
But it was a private thing.  Something he’d consciously decided not to talk about.  Not that he really believed Sam was unaware.  His big little brother was far too astute to miss the signs.
“How much are you wanting to trade?”  Sam asked, eyeing the treasure carefully, choosing to ignore the flirtation.
The first time Sam had seen this type of mark since waking up crazy, he’d had his suspicions, but no facts to back it up.  The second time he’d noticed, he’d made a point of watch his brother; noting odd moments or behaviors suggesting he was newly injured for no reasons that Sam knew of.
“That it.  The only thing my pack has of value.  No bottles, those are long raided.  But I got the recipe.” She tapped her head.  “I’ll write it all out to the last detail.  I know it don’t sound like much, but that hooch kept us afloat for years.  It ain’t nothing.”
The giant immediately charged Dean with pure alpha adrenaline, completely lacking any hint of finesse.  Dean spun, neatly dodging around the charge.  He completed his spin, slamming the butt of his blade into the man’s lower back as he flew past.
Shaking his head, Cas turned to go back inside.  No doubt his moody mate would have a fit that Cas smelled like another alpha and would want to mark him as his, rub his own scent all over Cas’s body.  Blinking at the thought, Castiel hastily made his way back to his home.
Never in a million years would Cas have imagined such a viciously dominant Alpha to welcome switching.  But the easy familiarity in the way Dean rolled to his abdomen and took it for him left no doubt that this was hardly an unusual experience for the alpha, and it was a position he definitely enjoyed.
Then his wet cock was bare to world, no soft mouth cocooning it in soft, warm heat.  He glanced down, looking towards the girls askance.  Then he understood, they were taking it up a notch; that worked for him.
“We’re only a few hours out.  I know it’s only been a few weeks, and to a person these guys are all volunteers, but it always feels good to get back to pack territory.”
Dean looked about ready to spit fire.  “Yes, it is.  And this conversation is over.  Thank you for the pizza, Sam. Thank you for running your trap, Cas.”
Magog spun; throwing a beast of a haymaker that would have been all she wrote for him had it landed.  But Dean swiveled to the side, smoothly gliding around the massive fist.  He landed a fierce uppercut, again using the hilt of the blade.  It didn’t do much more than make Magog hiss.
Sam paused.  “For the record, you don’t really understand just how much influence you have on Dean. And him on you, for that matter.  Things may get a tad sticky between you two, but I’m sure you’ll work it all out together.”
“Yes,” Cas replied.  The Angel paused thoughtfully as he turned his gaze inward.  “I fear it’s temporary, though.  I can already feel the drive building.”
Dean went still, narrowing his eyes as he matched the Angel stare for stare.  This was new.  Even for Cas, that was an unnerving degree of focus.  Definitely weird, but there was something oddly familiar in that particular gaze.  It was a new look on Cas, sure, but Dean had been on the receiving end of that particular brand of intent plenty of times before.
Castiel had disappeared immediately after they returned, but after their Halo guests left, Sam had tracked him to Meg’s home.  Satisfied that the omega was in good hands with his friend, Sam went home to keep an eye out for his brother.  That had been the day before yesterday.
Dean was not in a good mood.  It was too fucking early, yesterday’s coffee tasted like deep fried, half-ground rat’s ass, and he was stupidly sore.  The previous evening’s midnight romp in the clover may have been good for him in all kinds of ways, but it sure did a number on his injuries.
Dean stared at him a minute.  He was working something through in his mind, though Castiel had no idea what it could be.  Then Dean stilled, agitation giving way to calm focus, the way it did once he settled on a course of action.
Dean was a little worse off than Sam had let on.  He couldn’t remember the last time Dean’s beast completely snapped the chain like that.  It would take some doing to get it back under control.  Especially since he’d gone fully Hunter without a kill at the end.  His beast would demand blood.
Castiel shook his head to clear it, firmly dismissing her message with a subtle flick of two fingers.  He hopped out of the jeep and walked over, standing alongside the Winchesters.
Even now, with the world on the brink of destruction, he was still watching.  Though he was moderately certain this wasn’t quite what God intended.  Then again, he was watching over men, so technically he was still following orders.  Okay, maybe not men, so much as man.  One man.
“At least you got one crate of the good stuff,” he added, watching as Jo flounced off toward the loading truck with their prize.
Sam shrugged, careful in his display of nonchalance.  “Works for me.”  That Dean was having him drive his Baby, knowing Sam’s predilection for daytime hallucination, was telling.
“I have no ‘pals’ among the Halos.  My presence is unlikely to ease the exchange.  Still, it’s best that I come.”
“I don’t know how any of that works,” Dean replied with a shrug.  “But that spell did something to you, buddy.  Now that I’m actually paying attention, it’s impossible to miss.”
He felt Cas smiling into the kiss when Dean finally caved and became an active participant, the angel’s hands sliding down his back and inside the waistline of his jeans, grabbing a generous helping of ass.  Cas’ agile lips slowly made their way down the side of his face to Dean’s neck, nibbling along the sensitive nerve path with a gentle graze of teeth.  Dean closed his eyes and lifted his chin, baring his neck fully.  He groaned when the hint of teeth sharpened into a bite.  He relaxed into it, enjoying the sharp burst of pleasure when Castiel began to not so gently suck.
“Naomi is one of our top alphas.  If she says I’m officially off the roster than it is so.  We won’t have any problems with them again,” Castiel promised.
Jo walked away, the toll of the last few weeks weighing heavily in the way she carried herself, normally so strong backed and proud.  She’d carry on; she was her father’s pup.
Dean had automatically spun with the momentum so he hit the wall with his back, facing forward.  He looked up into John’s eyes and swallowed.  “I’m sorry, sir.”
Was this how Dean felt in any of the dozens of times that Cas had strong-armed him to the nearest flat surface in a rush of lust?  The amount of trust he now understood to be implicit in Dean’s easy acceptance of the act both staggered and humbled Cas.
But while Dean was certainly flirty, and obvious in his admiration of the server’s significant assets, he made no attempt to arrange for a later rendezvous.  Castiel was certainly no expert, but it seemed like the young woman was disappointed.
Cas knew right then that it was over; his failure inevitable.  He’d eventually succumb, sooner rather than later, and offer anything, everything if he could only be allowed orgasm.  It was just a matter of time.  With the realization came a rush of relief, that there was a glorious end in sight.  But not quite yet. Cas may have accepted he was going to lose this battle, but he was damned well going to make Dean work for it.
Dean allowed him the scenting for a moment, shoved him flat and swung a leg over his hips and slid atop him, pinning Castiel to the bed with his thighs.  “Hold on a damn second, you.  There’s way too much fabric currently involved for this to work.”
Not that he wouldn’t enjoy some slow build and romancing.  Later.  Somewhere way down the line when his heat was sufficiently sated.  He had a feeling Dean would be an attentive, adoring mate as well as the raging sex monster he was currently channeling.  It would make for an interesting future.
“Was I in any way unclear, or do you both need your ears boxed for ya?” She demanded, letting her Alpha show through her eyes.  She had no time for this crap.
Castiel was wandering the hallways in the dead of night.  Nothing abnormal in that.  He turned a corner, so deep in thought that he didn’t realize that Dean was leaning against a wall casually sipping a cup of coffee until he’d nearly run into the man.
God’s honest truth.  And Sam wasn’t telling his brother half of it.  Why burden Dean with things that couldn’t be fixed?  And that right there might be the unfortunate answer to Sam’s own unasked question.
Dean shifted on his log.  “Here’s the deal. You tell us everything you know, to the last detail, on that hooch.  And we’ll bring your pack in.  But not as Harvelles.  We can’t afford the infighting.  If we take them, they join us.  One pack.”
Dean froze in position, the edge of the blade pressed against the unconscious man’s throat.  Dean met his brother’s gaze, his eyes still sharp behind the whiskey-induced haze.   A faint red sheen skittered eerily across his irises.
Dean was lounging against the side of the house, arms casually crossed over his chest.  His delightfully bare chest, and equally enticing abdomen.  The Alpha hadn’t bothered with more than a pair of jeans before coming outside, the sharp V of his hipbones prominent over the well-aged denim hanging low on hips.  It was all Cas could do not to tear his head out from Sam's hold, drag his mate back into the house, and take his tongue to all that deliciously bared skin.
“Yeah, sure.  So, uh, you decided on staying here, then?”  Dean asked, tone turning awkward.  Apparently he sucked at the touchy feely stuff as much as Castiel did.
Dean snaked an arm out and pulled the other man close, assuming ‘big spoon’ in the traditional sleeping arrangement.  “Listen up, alright?  This is me telling you that it’s okay.  You have enough to beat yourself up over.  Don’t let some random quickie become more than it was.”
It was a gland guard.  The device was designed to rest right across the lower medial area of the neck, covering the fragile mating gland with the sticky-backed, heavy plastic shield.  The guards were actually quite effective, leaving the majority of the neck open for nips and licks while protecting that so-vulnerable spot from accident or temptation.
Sam sat on the porch of his house, lounging under the heavy glow of a fat three-quarter moon.  While outwardly relaxed, the alpha inside him paced in agitated circles in his mind.  He wouldn’t be able to get any rest until he knew his brother was back and in his right mind.  As much as Dean was ever in his right mind, anyway.
Dean didn’t ask about the issue again, and Castiel never brought it up.  Days passed, then a week, and Castiel hoped the conversation was safely forgotten.  Father above knew Dean had other things on his mind at present.
Dean kept his eyes closed, focusing on the familiar sensations.  Cas had a specific style, one that Dean knew could never be duplicated, something he’d most likely never feel again.  Because this, what they were doing right now?  It hurt him, deep.  The look in those beautiful, vacant eyes, it was nails in the coffin.  Further proof that they could never get what they used to have back.
Hearing the sound of footsteps approaching the truck, Sam came around from where he’d been hiding in the cab.  Rowena’s spelled teacup had gone silent some time ago, though the witch had only recently disappeared.  Sam really didn’t know or care where, at the moment.
Sam was saying something involving a fair amount of gesturing and body language. Castiel couldn’t quite make out the words, but whatever it was, Dean was not a fan.  Sam didn’t back down from a glare fierce enough that the packmates around deviated from their course to give the Alphas a wide berth.  Instead, his gaze dipped briefly to his brother’s right shoulder before he started back up again.
Rolling his eyes at the youngest Winchester he was barely able to keep the sarcasm from his voice as he said
Dean on the other hand, was not entirely convinced the demon didn't have an ulterior motive and had really come for his own suspicious reasons. Dean growled at the man "Get out of here Crowley. You are not touching this body. You hear me!"
Before he made contact with the angel back in that mountain meadow, he had watched his brother as he went about his life living among the mortals and he did not like what he had seen. His friend had become a broken angel with the fight within nearly extinguished. Barachiel blamed the relationship Castiel had with the Winchester brothers. He had been told by the others who had come into contact with the duo and about their hold on Castiel and after watching the trio together Barachiel knew this friendship was going to be a problem. He knew that his only choice was to separate Castiel from their hold and remind Castiel of who...or what he really was. One of the fiercest warriors that Heaven had ever seen and more importantly his friend.
Plunking down in the chair nearest him Sam contemplated his next move as he took a large swig from his freshly opened beer. Dean had long since given up and had grabbed a six-pack from the fridge and headed off to “think” as he put it to his brother.
Taking a deep breath Barachiel tilted his head back so that he could look up into the night sky. Staring at all of the stars and admiring their beauty, their magnificence. Rotating in place so he could take one last look at the entire sky. He came to a stop and as if he had come to a decision, he exhaled the breath he had been holding and looked back down at the Winchesters. Their faces showing both concern and defiance as they waited for his answer.
Barachiel nodded at Sam as he could see the man's understanding. Reaching out he brought his hand closer to Dean Winchester's chest and as it made contact it emitted a slight glow. Then continued the movement to Jimmy Novak and repeated the action of placing his glowing hand on the still chest.
And made his way over to stand next to Sam. Dean could feel the angel’s eyes on him and Dean kept his focus on the laptop, not yet ready to look up into those blue-eyes that he knew were studying him with an intensity that always made him feel uncomfortable. As if he were trying to understand what happened to cause such a change in his demeanor. His thoughts, feelings, aura. Everything. Dean’s unease came from knowing Cas was seeing exactly what Dean was trying to hide from himself.
From the outside Sam could only watch stunned as he saw Castiel free his Grace to the sky but before it had barely freed itself it began to envelope his brother. His concern was short lived as he understood and all he could do was watch in stunned amazement. Barachiel was just as stunned at the events unfolding in front of him as well. His first instinct was to call back the angels that he had just sent away and then force Castiel to release his hold on the human but then... he knew that he would not, for despite his irritation at his rebellious friend's decision to partially possess the Winchester mortal. He should have known the fool was going to do this on his own terms. Leaving Castiel to deal with the outcome of his decision, Barachiel merely watched as Castiel's unrestricted Grace erupted in to what Sam would later describe to Dean as the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. Castiel's fiery wings that grew large enough to fold into a protective cocoon that surrounded both men.
The distraction of the grasshopper's arrival caused Dean to refocus on Barachiel's voice as he made his pleading request a second time. With a sigh and a slight drop of his chin. Dean Winchester, a man not accustomed to losing, began to realize the futility of trying to come up with a plan to save his best friend. With a sickening feeling growing in his belly, Dean suddenly felt drained and could only whisper "Okay"
"What you thought?" Barachiel for the first time allowed the anger he had been trying to keep in check about the whole Lucifer episode creep into his voice. "Castiel, you were always so rebellious. Always doing things your way. Made you a pain in my angelic ass but I often respected and admired you for it but I can not tell you how many times I had to make excuses and defend you to the others when you would go off on your own and fight some battle in the patented Castiel way. But this time my dearest brother. There is nothing I can do to protect you. My greatest fear Castiel, is that God agrees with Lucifer and locks you up in Hell, in a cage next to his."
Castiel for his part, knew instinctively what Dean was doing. He had seen enough of it when Dean was trying to pick-up various women over the years and even with that knowledge, he could not stop himself from mimicking Dean's action with his own tongue and lips. Only he added a little something extra to his action. He bit his lower lip after he finished. He had seen many women perform the same subtle gesture back at Dean and it gave him a little thrill as he watched Dean's pupils swell at the sight of the movement around his mouth.
Barachiel glanced sharply down at the human and said "I have no idea. No one does except God of course"
Barachial became thoughtful and tried to think of the simplest way to put it for this human to understand. "Castiel became different after watching this boy, this lowly sheep herder grow and become not only a competent Hunter but also unite a nation and become its king." Looking down at Dean, Barachiel suddenly had a look of confusion as if he were still trying to understand God's motive for doing what he did "It was at this point that Castiel realized what us angels living so far removed from them never did. Castiel began to understand humanity and the potential hidden within them...within you. He became your species biggest advocate and defender. Mankind became his obsession and your well being became his personal mission." Barachiel looked at Dean and chuckled as he interrupted his own storytelling.
Complements of their Father, Barachiel knew all too well what had transpired in heaven and here in earth. When their brother angels made their plans and plotted their course to take over both heaven and earth by creating a new apocalypse. Their biggest mistake had been the stupid belief that they could control Castiel and bring him to their side and when he resisted, nay, fought back. This poor angel, his best and fiercest warrior had suffered immeasurably for his refusal to disobey their Father's commandment to the angels of heaven. Love humanity as much as they loved him. Protect them from evil. Left with no recourse they went after Castiel and how he suffered at the hands of the his own Brother and Sisters in their ill conceived desire to retake Earth and give it back to Heaven: Metatron, Naomi, Uriel, Rafael, Zackariah, Michael and Lucifer. Even God's own sister the Amara, had her own turn at Castiel. Although, he was only her target because Castiel foolishly gave his vessel over to Lucifer and it was Castiel who suffered in her efforts and was there for every moment of the torture alongside Lucifer. Barachiel felt the sadness and weariness pour from his friends body.
“You already know how we fought to rescue you. The siege, the angels that fought and died in an effort to save you. It was a hard fought battle and I lost many friends. All of them were great warriors.”
Opening his eyes  and pulling slightly away from Cas. Who was still nuzzling his neck, Dean quickly realize that Cas had distracted him with his tongue as he transported them both to the comfort of Dean's bed and in doing so he also separated them from their clothing. So now there were no barriers keeping them from beginning the exploration of each others bodies.
The sun was beginning to rise in the east making the black night change into a drab gray morning, all color was subdued and lifeless around them and it had the added benefit of enabling Sam to see how badly his brother was shaking from being soaked through. Pushing away from the Impala's front grill. Sam took a step toward his brother and then before he could get a word out, his momentum was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a figure dressed all in black only a few paces behind his brother.
Pausing to assess the affect his news was having on Castiel, Crowley now had a difficult time reading the blue-eyed vessel's face. Which had now become stoic and unreadable. Crowley suddenly felt uncertain about how much more he should give the angel but decided he needed to know "and we both know Cas that you have a lot to answer for."
Dean dropped his chin and swallowed the tears that threatened and then lifted his chin and nodded and then lowered his lips for one last intimate kiss on to Castiel's. They kissed deeply as tongue's played. Saying one last private goodbye in their own way. Fearing he might lose control, Dean pushed himself away from his beloved and turned with resignation proceeded to make his way up the stairs with Castiel close behind.
"Yes, that would be unpleasant, but Barachiel." Castiel looked up to meet Barachiel's eyes. His own anger rising up "All of those things that I did. I did to protect humanity because my Brothers plotted to destroy what our father created"
Castiel reached the outer edges of the meadow and stopped, a bee hive had been created in the heart of an old log and Castiel could not help but stop and admire their efficiency in working together, each inhabitant serving their purpose in the hive upkeep. Castiel, having no sense of time as he watched the hive, slowly began to sense another presence in the meadow. Still focused on the bees and their travels around the meadow and its nectar filled flowers, Castiel refocused some of his energy away from the hive and began to search the meadow for the new arrival. He was sure it was here but it was being elusive, like it was trying to avoid detection. Cas was not alarmed or worried because he did not sense any danger, only curiosity. Reluctantly, he began to retreat back towards his vessel. Slowly circling the immobile figure, Castiel began to coalesce around his physical transport and paused. He wanted to make one last sweep around the meadow trying to get a fix on any threat. Sensing no threat, he slowly reentered the body via the slightly parted lips of his human vessel: Jimmy Novak. Castiel paused before opening his eyes and reached out with his angel senses, trying to get a better handle on the other energy now sharing his meadow retreat. He knew now the visitor was of celestial origin like himself and even though it was attempting to mask its identity and location Castiel remained still with his eyes closed and face turned upward and waited for his visitor to make the first move. He did not have to wait very long.
He looked at the closed door.  Dean was in there, alone, and definitely wrestling with his own libido.  Cas could open that door, go to Dean and take what the Alpha had blatantly offered.  Dean wanted him; he’d made that perfectly clear on many occasions.
Sam took a deep, soothing breath.  He was so freaking tired.  He didn’t remember falling asleep but he must’ve dozed because he hadn’t noticed right away when the birds stopped singing.
Dismissing the male when it was clear he wasn’t any genuine distress, Castiel turned back to the librarian.  The woman appeared frozen, her fingers motionless on the keyboard.
“Sure,” Sam agreed slowly.  “I’ll just go check on my Hunter teams.”  The oversized Winchester strode down the hall in the direction of the map room.
“What? Don’t be fucking stupid.  It’s not about that damn bite.  I love you, you moron.  You think I’m just gonna shrug that off like an old overcoat?’
Dean ignored Crowley’s voice, tuning out the roaring spectators.  He had pack at his back to keep an eye on them.  No, Dean’s only job was to take out one opponent.  He took a sniff.  Magog smelled like old sweat and older rut.  Faugh.  Did he ever bathe?
The hand on his thigh moved subtly up higher.  Impatient, Dean slid his hand over Purple’s, guiding it over his denim covered balls.  The girl was quick to take the hint, thank God.
Jo sniffed, reluctantly pulling back so she could look her mother and Alpha in the eye.  She roughly wiped one arm across her eyes, swiping at the ashy tears.
“C’mon,” Dean growled. He leaned down; chest pressed against Cas’ back, and nipped him on the ear.  Hard.  Cas grunted.
“Castiel, huh? Odd name,” the man commented lightly as they crossed the street to a small coffee house.
Well, having the man bouncing enthusiastically on his cock wouldn’t exactly be terrible, either, but Dean had no delusions.  The omega’s scent may scream that he was just begging for a good knotting, but the man himself didn’t want anything to do with him.  The way that Castiel had tensed up at his presence by the fire last night was proof of that.  In fact, that whole experience had set Dean’s teeth on edge.  Like the omega expected to be assaulted.
Before Cas could formulate the appropriate response to temper all the smug sitting atop him, Dean leaned down, taking one firm nipple between his teeth, biting hard enough for a sharp burst of pain, even as his tongue lathed the bud.
“Hey,” Dean barked, seeing their emergence.  He strode over, taking his place alongside Sam.  “Everyone shut up and listen.”
“Right,” Dean muttered.  “Ellen, meet Castiel.  Castiel, this nice lady is Ellen Harvelle.  Our pack runs a little differently than most.  We have three Alphas.  Sam, Ellen, and me.  Shock me and say hi to Ellen.”
Cas tore his head out of Dean’s grip and flipped onto his back, gulping deep, needy breaths of air.  Dean crashed onto the bed next to him, panting.  Heh.  Dean got the wet spot.
Guards?  She’d only seen the one in the tower.  She’d assumed there were others, of course, but was curious how many.
A gentle breeze teased along his senses, and Dean caught Benny’s distinctive sent somewhere mixed in with the crowd, watching his back as always.  Dean scanned the cue of potential fighters, the low-key buzz of adrenaline sending thrums of anticipation through his body.
“What was I supposed to do, Dad? Huh?  It’s not like I didn’t know what I was doing; I know you saw me under the bleachers with Monty last month.  I figured, why not? Two hundred bucks, that’s what that guy offered me.  More than enough money to hold us over ‘till you got back.  And for what, twenty minutes work?”
“Okay then.  Good.  Awesome.  So, we’re gonna do this, yeah?”  Great, ten seconds in and it was already awkward.  And they hadn’t even kissed.  That had to be some kind of record.  At the other man’s hesitant nod, Dean blew out a breath.
“Only if you want it to.”  Dean replied, waiting to see if he was going to get shut down or not.  Different parts of him wanted each outcome, which was confusing, so he ignored it.
“Well, that was really something, Cas,” he muttered, rolling over to his side to meet the other man’s cool gaze.
Early in his second year he’d been granted leadership of one of the hunting parties.  They didn’t leave often, and were primarily designated as defense in case of invaders, but that was more than enough to suit him.
Occasionally another man balls out came on to him, brazen as hell.  It took Dean by surprise every damn time.  He didn’t much know how to handle open appreciation like that.  Sometimes he was suave; more often he turned stammery and tried to find a manly yet polite way to back away.  But when he was specifically on the prowl for some guy on guy time, all bets were off.  Confused, uncomfortable Dean was nowhere to be found.
“No! Not that.  I’m not doing that ever again.  I’m asking you to fuck me.  Energetically.  Arduously.  Pick an adjective.” Cas narrowed his eyes.  “Now would be good.”
Dean narrowed his eyes.  “Freaking Alphas.  You just couldn’t stand to be the one out of control, could you?”
Dean rolled to his feet, arms up defensively as the giant brought his own blade down at him.  Dean caught Magog's blade hand with his left, then quickly used his right hand to punch Magog’s elbow joint, making him drop the weapon.  Now they were both disarmed.  His inner Alpha howled in approval, demanding bloodshed.  Dean was happy to oblige.  The other man had threatened his pack; he would die for it.
Dean leisurely stretched, reaching into a back pocket for his phone.  “Well, if you don’t believe me, I’ll just have to prove it.” Three eager sets of eyes gazed down at him adoringly.  Too easy.
Human bids were rare and as illegal as hell, not that there was any kind of real law in the boondocks of Persephone.  That was Crowley’s job, and apparently the limey bastard was flexible on enforcing rules he found inconvenient.  Well, that was ending, right after this fight.  That or Persephone found itself in acute need of new management.
Sliding back in his chair across the map table, Dean glanced over to his younger brother.  Sensing his brother’s attention, Sam paused in his work to look up from the glow of the laptop screen, a micro-shake of his head telling Dean he hadn’t found anything new.
“And here?  It’s okay to touch you here, Dean?”  The massaging hands pulled the hunter flush against his hips so he could grind their cocks together.
“I’m aware you’re still with another omega,” the petite brunette was saying.  “It’s fine.  Just, my heat will come up in a few weeks and I was hoping you’d pair with me again.  This guy you’re with will be long done by then, and if you remember, it went so well last time.”
They crested the hill and walked around back.  A log framed fire pit was already laid out and ready for flame.
“You are the worst omega I’ve ever met,” Dean told him with a grin, standing to strip off his shirt.
Dean looked the chained omega over.  He was tallish for his kind; lean, with dark black hair, a pretty face, and the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen.  Eyes that currently radiated disdain as he coolly took in the eager audience.  Ballsy for someone that had dozens of nearly feral alphas drooling for his ass.
“That’s more like it,” he muttered, his purr so vibrant Cas’ cock pulsed in appreciation.  This was good; this was everything he needed.  His omega was hot and perfect, taking him so well, rumbling in satisfaction as his needs were met and matched by Castiel's own.
The Fifth Ring was newly vacant, the smell of old blood and sour sweat mixed in the freshly churned dirt filled his nostrils as the pit tenders nobly attempted to rake the dirt into some semblance of even ground.  Their actions stirred up too many scents.  Wrinkling his nose, Dean turned away.
His naked flesh was pebbled with goose bumps, cold and hot at the same time though the pitch-black chamber he was ensnared in was quite reasonably thermo-regulated.  He did his best to choke back a sob as another flash of sensation wracked him; it was best not to make noises; it only seemed to encourage his torturer to greater heights.  As it was, he felt he was very close to breaking.
“Clearly you’ve not spent time among our pack,” Dean said, grinning faintly.  “They’d never allow that kind of crap.  And we’d lose a couple of solid ring fighters if we tried.”
This is a long one.  I hope you're into hurt/comfort.  Spoiler alert:  Destiel. I will go down with this ship.  Also, I only write happy endings...
He’d nearly made it when a body slammed against his, pinning him against the concrete Bunker wall hard enough to knock the air out of his lungs.
Cas rolled over, for once in his life not arguing.  He took a wide stance, going down on his forearms, ass canted invitingly up.  He turned his head to look back, electric blue eyes daring Dean to do his worst.
The idea of driving his partner to completion from this one act alone thrilled Castiel, and rather than stop, he redoubled his effort, defying the Angel cuffs enough to allow just a spark of grace at the tip of his tongue.
“They didn’t,” Ellen agreed, ducking her head.  “They’re both dead.  Wandell too.  And I found what was left of Martin up on the ridge.  They didn’t go quietly.  We found over a dozen bodies around there.”
Castiel chuffed at that, but couldn’t help but smile too.  Resisting Dean when he being playful like this was nearly impossible.  The alpha was a force of nature.  Being his mate would be a new challenge every day.  They’d snark, argue, and fight with each other endlessly.  And that was okay.  They’d get past it.  Not to mention all the make up sex.
Cas wore a scowl, but his eyes gleamed with deep satisfaction.  His hand was locked solidly on Dean’s elbow as he half walked, half dragged him along beside him.
Naomi cocked her head thoughtfully.  “You gave us time and place.  Weapon of choice to you.  Fair warning; Gadreel is well versed in all conventional weapons.”
That struck him as a bad idea, but since he really wanted to wash the sweat and dust away, he acquiesced.  He realized exactly why it was a bad idea when they reached the water and Dean shucked his shirt, dunking his body nearly to the waist in the icy mountain-fed spring.
Cas, for all that he’d proven multiple times to have absolute control over his vessel, came surprisingly quickly.  He pulled out a moment later, then was standing at the bedside next to Dean’s head, fully dressed once more.
Sebastian guffawed, laughing brightly.  “No argument here, gorgeous.  So, this guy must be something special, huh.”
Dean shrugged.  “I had it taken out long time ago.  Surgical ablation.” His gaze hardened.  “Mating glands are weaknesses, a chink in the armour.  Alphas and betas can resist a failed or forced mating.  They get sick as a dog for a while, but they get through it.  Omegas, though?  My kind doesn’t survive a failed mating bite.  We’re stuck. Trapped with whoever bit us or we die.  I couldn’t have that risk hanging over me.  Not and be able to do my job.”
Dean strode in the direction of the budding argument.  So help him, they were gonna have a smooth de-camp or someone was getting a beat down.
Little things like gag reflexes never had seemed to affect Castiel.  One of the lesser mentioned perks to being an angel.  Dean leaned further back, resting his elbows on the hood, and opened eyes that had instinctively fallen shut at the unexpected onslaught, so that he could get a good look down.
Everyone rushed to get out, stretching limbs and working out kinks while food was passed around.  Castiel accepted an apple when the crate passed his way, then stood awkwardly when several of the honey bars were stashed in his pockets.  Jody winked at him as she walked by.
Dean leaned in and nuzzled against his neck.  “C’mon Cas.  Agree to be mine, for always.  We can spend the rest of our lives bickering over every little fucking thing.”
“Now this?  This is really gonna be something.”  Dean sank slowly onto Cas screamingly sensitive cock, clenching on the glide down.  The sensation of his cock gripped tight, while the vibrator filled his ass, buzzing merrily away, was too much.  He screamed, balls clenched as they struggled to tighten and rise, to finally grant him relief.  Only to be blocked again by the damned ring. Cas gasped, clinging to his last reserves as Dean picked up the pace.
A set of guards rode atop each of the covered cargo vehicles, both heavily armed and wary-eyed.  Jody and Jo had parked out on top of the lead truck.  Sam was placed at the back of the rear vehicle, one of the jeeps, assuming the position of rear guard.
Bobby Singer, previously of Singer Automotive Parts and Salvage, stared morosely through the amber glass in his hand.  Once the adrenaline wore off and he’d gotten himself and his boys safely off Monster Radar, he’d run out of distractions.
He placed a warm hand on Dean’s bicep, sliding his palm under the thin t-shirt.  The Angel’s grip tightened possessively at the spot where his palm print had once been burned into Dean’s flesh, marked to his very DNA by the being who had pulled him from the Pit.
This wasn’t exactly a new thing.  He’d seen these exact marks plenty of times before when his brother had punched a wall, for any number of reasons.  But when Dean was well and truly pissed, plain old drywall didn’t stand a chance; he always punched clean through.  This was more a skid, like he’d pulled the punch.
Castiel knew what he had to do; just say ‘yes’ and he could stop the fight before it started.  But his jaw locked around the lie; he just couldn’t do it.  He’d promised.
“Like you’d know,” Purple-hair scoffed, though her hands moved along his palm slowly up his arm to massage his bicep and shoulder.
Dean’s rumbled growl was enough to make anyone think they suddenly had pressing business anywhere but there.  Sam didn’t seem to care. He held out the knitted arm sling expectantly.
Dean purred at the marking, tilting his head to allow better access.  “If you couldn’t catch me, you didn’t deserve to have me.”
“Everyone is fine.  Ellen did some serious bargaining.  You’ll want to touch bases with her when you officially rejoin the living.  But our pack did an amazing job.  Everyone reported to their assigned locations like clockwork.”
Castiel didn’t appreciate the dumbass comment, which he would have told his Alpha if he could talk through the abrupt rush of chills knocking his teeth together.
Dean climbed onto the bed crawling over towards where Castiel laid on his back, naked and harder than he could ever remember being.  His cock felt like it was chiseled from mahogany and his ass was drenching the bedding beneath him with slick.
Cas realized, he too, could feel emotions at that level now.  And he wanted to.  Very much.  So, he either trusted Dean to take care of him or he didn’t.  And if he couldn’t trust him, he didn’t deserve him.  Once it was put it that way, it wasn’t even a question.
“Fine,” Rowena replied crossly.  “Then a bit of angel should do well enough.  Hair, flesh, blood.  Any little piece, really.”
Fuck.  “Easy, tiger,” Dean wheezed.  “I’m good.  Just a bit whoozy.  Need a minute to recover, is all.”  His voice sounded like he’d swallowed gravel; felt like it too.
He’d been 14 when he figured out Dean had a secondary nature.  Dean had disappeared for several days and he’d returned looking exhausted, with bruises dotting his arms, obvious bite marks along at his neck, the injuries clearly visible despite the high neckline of his jacket.  At first Sam had thought Dean had gone on a solo hunt, and he’d been quick to admonish his foolish older brother.
Before Cas could regain enough breath to respond that that admittedly accurate accusation, Dean shoved his cock in the rest of the way, burying himself until his knot pressed up against the rim of Cas’ ass, just shy of sliding in.  Dean slid back out, paused, then repeated the motion, the slow, steady thrusts easing the residual ache from his initial penetration.
Dean sighed.  “Nothing, Cas.  It’s fine.  And I promise, I’m sore enough to accept some healing.  Here’s the thing.   You’re still somewhat in Alpha mode.  I already told you that you can’t necessarily trust that secondary nature.  It’s a vicious, possessive little bastard.  I think if you heal me it might try to drive you to attempt to restore something that I don’t want back.”
He must have made some noise of distress because Dean was instantly back, calming him with soft kisses and nips along his neck.  Cas groaned and turned his head, offering complete access to the Alpha’s clever tongue.
The sounds of a car engine coming up the road had her packing away the flask and standing straight.  That was quick.  She’d expected to be made to wait a while for proprieties sake.
The Winchesters were correct.  His vessel’s core body temp had risen to increasingly unsustainable levels for the last several days.  It was only his Angelic nature that kept him functioning.  But even as the mage cuffs were helping him contain the foreign energies building within him, they were hindering his ability to self-heal.  Something would have to give, and soon.
Cas groaned, losing what was left of rational thought as Dean began building speed, gliding in and out with powerful thrusts.  Somewhere along the way Cas had let loose his death grip on Dean’s ass to clutch at the sheets, digging his fingers into the mattress.  He couldn’t help, or even move really, in his current position.  All he could do was lay back and enjoy the ride.
It was a clear order, which he tended to balk at, but now was not the time.  For starters, Castiel knew he was in the wrong, and he had a debt to pay.  More importantly, Dean was using his formal tone, making it clear this was an order from Castiel’s Alpha, not Dean himself.  Ignoring that, even if he wanted to, was not an option.
Dean had gone completely still above him, panting heavily as he struggled to adjust the abrupt penetration.  The small part of Castiel that could still reason pushed to the fore, easily taking control.  Neither he nor his Alpha side wanted their partner genuinely hurt.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “I couldn’t help it, that bruise is darker than a plum.  And, well, with you both lost to your secondary natures, I worried about…you know, an accidental Claim.”
“There has to be a different way,” Cas stated decisively.  “I am not having sex with Dean due to some spell’s coercion.”
Enough of this.  Cas needed more from the hunter then a few kisses.  He’d almost lost him, and in the worst possible way.  He wouldn’t even have the peace of knowing Dean was in heaven, something he’d counted on in the past when he’d thought his friend and lover gone from the world.
Jimmy Novak may not be a giant, aggressive, testosterone-ridden Alpha.  No.  He was the better kind.  A natural protector.  The kind that made the tough choices in order to look after their own.
The Winchester Clan took all that hard earned knowledge of designations and real world expectations, threw it all right out the damned window, gathered the remains into a mass grave, and burned them to greasy ash.  The whole lot of them were just…different.
“Dean.  Are there…rules to this interlude? Some sort of protocol?” He made a vaguely frustrated sound.  “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
“Sorry, mom.  The raiders found the hidden caches down by the cave stream.  It’s gone.  Everything.  The last of the whiskey, the weapons, the food stores.  Even the last of the medical supplies was taken.”
They were back in Dean’s room.  They tended to end there, eventually.  As the overwhelming scent of sweat and sex could clearly attest to.  He’d definitely need to change the sheets before he could actually sleep in this room again.
Ellen stepped out of the jeep, leaning casually against the hood.  Reaching into a coat pocket she pulled a weathered flask and took a hearty swallow.  Partially to calm her nerves, sure, but mostly in an attempt to wash the bad taste out of this whole thing from her mouth.
A young man smiled apologetically at Castiel as he stepped around him, raking the ash pit from the fire into a smooth area, smothering any residual glowing sparks.
“New rule,” Dean told him darkly.  “You are absolutely forbidden to talk about sex with my brother around me.  Like, ever.  That’s just wrong, man.”
Apparently he’d managed to do the impossible and actually scare the man.  Real fear filled the omega’s eyes, though he stayed firmly upright, levelly meeting Dean’s gaze.  Swallowing, he obediently approached.
Alpha Angel vs. iron chain; Dean knew which he would bet on.  But he didn’t need to bet when he had an ace up his sleeves.  Looking deep into his Alpha’s luminous blue gaze in clear challenge, Dean swiftly spun around and bolted.
Clever fingers slid in next to the tongue, loosening his hole in the best ways.  He didn’t need it, not really.  He was omega, built to take cock.  His hole would relax during penetration without preparation.  But it wouldn’t feel good, not at first.
Jody joined the brothers, and Castiel realized she wore a shoulder holster as well as what appeared to be a sheathed bowie knife clipped to her belt.   She nodded at whatever Dean said before striding to one of the trucks and nimbly crawling atop the covered crates and settling in.  Someone handed a shotgun up to her once she was situated.
Dean blinked, and in an astonishing display of will, buried the monster as if it had never been.  Ellen stared.  What she'd just seen was impossible.  Feral Hunter alphas were beasts; living weapons. Let off the chain and pointed at an enemy with no expectation of survivors.  She’d never heard of any with this degree of control over their inner monster.
“No selling off my omegas,” Ellen added.  Not that she thought the brothers capable of that, but she had to get it out in the open.
Ellen glanced over to where Jo crouched by the kid’s tent, idly flipping her dagger.  That blade was the last memory the girl had of her father.  Ellen’s mate had always been handy with a blade.  Not that it did him any good in the end.
Dean glanced back at the tent behind him at the faint sound of rustling fabric.  Sam rose to his feet, a sawed off shotgun in his grip.  Dean raised a hand, signaling his brother to stand down.
Dean collapsed against him, panting.  Cas was gulping for air as well, for all that he didn’t strictly require it to survive.  But his body wanted it, and he lacked the focus to tell it otherwise.  Instead, he wrapped his arms around his omega’s shuddering body, holding him close until they both dozed right there, naked on the concrete bunker floor.
Castiel had dragged himself to his feet, leaning against the wall as he took several deep cleansings breaths, forcing his mind to achieve a calming state.  He could offer no peace if he had none within him to share, and a shattered Angel would be of little help to Sam.
Dean was already hard, the taste of precome a salty welcome on Cas’ tongue.  Breathing heavily through his nose, Cas set a fierce pace, wanting to take the alpha over the edge hard and fast.
Dean was comfortably grieving in his own Johnny Walker way.  Sam seemed to be handling his crazy well enough, no reason to stir that particular pot right this minute.  If he got worse, well, Bobby could always spill the beans later.  See if the angel had a few more hail-Mary’s up his robe. Dean seeing his friend not remembering him, well, that may snap what few branches he was clinging to.
Hands landed on his shoulders, clutching tight and massaging his bare skin.  A glance up without dislodging his mouth showed the angel was back in shock again.  Mouth open, panting slightly, eyes glazed over.  The view was so ridiculously hot.  Encouraged with the response, Dean increased his efforts.
Snorting, she hefted the case of gunpowder.  A faint whiff of shame emanated from the man beside them, though he remained silent.  Before Dean could object, Jo had shifted the crate into a forearm hold, easily carting the box back in the direction of their camp.
As promised, Dean had taken his time with him, making sure Cas’ body was well ready for intrusion before so, so slowly thrusting inside him.  He’d taken him spoon style, the position allowing Dean to thrust deeply into Cas’ body while simultaneously allowing access for a talented hand to stroke and tease his cock.  It was sensual, intimate, and Cas had relished being cared for so beautifully.  The dual sensations from front and behind had proven more than Cas could handle and he’d orgasmed far sooner than he’d have liked.  He considered round two, but the dull ache in his previously virgin ass suggested it would be prudent for him to wait on that.
“Just thought I’d sweeten the pot a bit,” he announced with a grin.  “Seeing as how your opponent is a literal giant.”
Sam made a show of glaring at his brother before turning back to Naomi with a conciliatory expression.  “I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you’ve come this far out for no reason.  We don’t have any renegades here.”
It had been a few weeks since Michael had disappeared wearing Dean as his new meat suit.  Cas was engaged in his usual nocturnal activity of pacing the empty bunker through the night.  What else was there to do during the hours Sam slept?  There was only so much time Cas could spend hounding Jack.  And the other-world hunters were understandably uncomfortable with his presence among them.  So he paced.
“I know that,” Cas replied hesitantly.  “But it wasn’t as if I really gave you an option.  Not with Sam in a forced sleep and my enhanced powers…”
More than any of that, it wasn’t fair to Dean.  The alpha didn’t want this, didn’t want Castiel that way.  He was still a young male, with a world full of options before him.  They’d never discussed relationships, or Lady Moon help him, a family or pups.
The Alpha voice inside him faded, sated and content, allowing Cas full mental control over his body once more.
“Yes.  I wish to do research on this device.   I’m not sure how to instruct it to give me the information I need.”
Castiel’s assigned living quarters, a small house that was exclusively his own, was positioned in the outer edge of an expanding circle-ish area that radiated outward from the main encampment.  As he'd been warned, the amount of territory the Winchesters had claimed over the years was quite large.  Big enough that some of the more antisocial individuals had planted their roots the better part of an hour our away.
Cas released Dean’s cock so quickly the hunter staggered a bit at the unexpected loss.  Before he had time to complain, Cas slid his hands to Dean’s back, thrusting both hands under the fabric of his underwear, taking a firm grip on his ass, molding gently.
“You know? Pitcher and catcher?  Do-er, Do-ee?”  The man sighed at Castiel’s blank look.  “This may take a while.  “With women, there’s an established norm; peg to hole, yes?”
She settled down next to him, legs brushing up against his in a blatant disregard for personal space, and leaned in to read over the list of names.  “Anyone calling to you?”
Crowley grinned.  “For your pleasure. An unclaimed, unmated young adult omega male, traded specifically to me, and mine to offer.  He’s a true beauty my fine fellows, his neck clean as a whistle and free of even the faintest teeth marks.”  He waited for the murmurs of approval to die down.
Dean raised an eyebrow.  He glanced over where the girl leaned over the bar.  She glanced back over her shoulder, grinning when Dean flashed her an appreciative smile.
Dean rubbed his eyes, willing the exhaustion away.  “What brings your almighty visage down upon us lowly commoners at,” he paused to grab the little bedside alarm clock, peering blearily at the glowing red digits, “2:47 in the freaking morning?”
Castiel went very still, wary of how the Alpha would interpret the scent.  He straightened his right arm, preparing to loose his blade from its sheath.
Castiel leaned forward, planting soft kisses and warm licks down his neck, nipping at the hot spot just above his clavicle.  Dean rumbled with pleasure at the dual sensations, relaxing into it as he allowed Castiel to take what he needed.
The tree line to his east buttressed the large, circular hay bale he and his new friends rested on, spreading a perfect canopy of shade, blocking out the harshness of the sun in the cool afternoon.  A faint breeze carried the scent of hay and distantly of horse.  It really was a perfect day.
“I resemble that remark,” Dean answered, unconcerned.  “It’s not my fault I got the goods and am generous enough to share ‘em with the world.”
Sam slid around the hood to see Cas, clothes disheveled, hair an unruly mess, marching a cuffed and completely unrepentant Deanmon towards the truck.  If his brother was walking with a limp, Sam decided to believe he’d been injured during his capture. It would also explain all the rapidly healing scratches and bruises along his neck and arms.  Yeah, that was it.  Any other thought made his brain bleed.
Night was well on its way to dawn, faint tendrils of pink and baby blue feathering the dark sky when Sam scented a familiar presence.  He sat up as a shadowed figure casually strolled up the path to his house, whistling softly.
Cas nodded once in agreement.  There was nothing else to discuss.  Once it appeared Dean had settled down, Castiel raised his hand, sliding it down Dean’s arm.  Both limbs were dotted with dark, finger shaped bruises from shoulder to hand.  His wrists were littered with finger shaped purple rings from heavy restraint.
The hand on Cas’ head slid to his shoulders, pressing insistently down.  Cas obeyed the silent cue, sinking to his knees.  He took just a moment to nuzzle at the crotch at his eye level before making quick work of the button and zipper.
Rowena had managed to acquire a bottle of whisky from somewhere and was drinking enthusiastically, a cheery smile on her ruby red lips, while the cuppa tea continued to faithfully project several feminine whimpers and moans, plus the occasional delighted scream, paired with deep masculine grunts of effort.
Dean’s arm darted out as he walked away, flicking the Angel a firm bird before he turned the corner towards the bedrooms.
Conversation stopped as walked in, but no one tried to tell him to leave so he took a chair and spooned a heaping helping of pot roast with mashed tubers onto an empty plate.  He was starving.
-I wrote two new chapters, a prequel and an epilogue.  One of them is a nice PG story with actual plot, the other one is this one.
Castiel cursed under his breath.   He’d been caught.  Not that it had been all that difficult.  Now that he thought to check, he couldn’t help but notice he was radiating omega pheromones.  His body practically screamed ‘breed me, now!’
Once he’d gotten a solid rhythm, Cas moved his arms from either side to grip the hunter’s wrists, pulling him off his forearms and firmly pressing his chest flat on the bed, holding Dean in place and began doing his very best to pound him ‘through the mattress’, as humans called it.
And really, Sam needed to stop giving his own personal Satan any new ideas.  The Devil was well entrenched in his head, and more than once the illusionary nightmare had seemed to glean inspiration from Sam’s own thoughts.  The last thing he needed was two days straight of Music of the Night playing on loop.  Twelve hours of Toto had been agony enough.
“I’ve been taking hormonal suppressants.  For a long time.  That’s how I’ve been keeping my dual nature in check.”
The two cousins glanced at each other, then dropped their gazes and began making their way out.  Ellen didn’t hold it against them; she understood their resistance all too well.  The elder of the pair’s sister had been badly injured in their last skirmish with raiders.  They needed every penny they could find to pay the medics that were overseeing her care.
Flashing a slightly feral smile at his annoyed younger sibling, Dean ducked back into the tent long enough to grab the bottle of ‘shine.  “Keep an eye on things while I’m out, yeah?”
Cas raised up on his forearms, glaring at the other man with a calculated challenge that never failed to rev the other man up.
“Well, can you be unclothed while you’re doing that?” Cas demanded.   Play aside, he really had put all his strength into breaking the other man’s grip, confirming that Dean absolutely could hold him down.  Now that he’d adapted to the notion, accepted that this was Dean, the sensation no longer upset him.  It was however, inexplicably and ridiculously hot.
Ellen would have argued the matter if she didn’t already know that the invaders were taking days out of their travels to skirt Winchester territory.  Sam’s confidence seemed well founded.
As per his usual sleeping routine, Dean had an Angel blade stashed under his pillow, but he didn’t bother to reach for it.  Castiel 2.0 had already proven impervious to that particular weapon.
It was the shame of it, the echo in the back of his mind of his father’s scathing voice, that Winchesters didn’t do this kind of thing, like it was fundamentally wrong or something.  And that wasn’t fair.  He knew that, too.  Of course, all that knowing didn’t do a damn thing to help quiet the voice of condemnation in the back of his mind.
“Damn it, Cas.”  Dean released him, and backed up a step, running hands through his already messy hair.  He turned to the side, facing away, half pacing in place.  After a moment, he turned back.
Sam squinted, staring off into the distance.  They were in the heart of Nowhereville, Nebraska, in the middle of a recently plowed hay field of all the stupid places.  But that’s where Deanmon had gotten it into his head to sneak off to, and Sam had dutifully followed.
"Castiel's story begins after the Darkness or Amara as you know it to be called, is locked away in her cage, and Father began to take the steps to create...life. He realized soon after his creation of Man, that Lucifer had begun to exhibit behaviors that were becoming worrisome to Father and that Lucifer despite His best efforts, soon became a problem he could no longer ignore all because of that Mark on his arm..." pausing to see Dean's reaction at the mention of the Mark, Barachiel was pleased that there was none. "and so...that is when he came up with the idea to create a special caste of angels - The Guardian Angels. These new angels were to be the buffer, the protectors to stand between any evil left over in Amara's wake and also from Lucifer's growing anger and jealousy of mankind as they took their place in our Father's heart. And He put yours truly in charge as their commander. I was given the privilege of standing beside our Father labored to create each and every angel and then as they came into being it was with his own breath that he gave them their Devine Grace and with that came their understanding of the role they were to play in God's plan. Typically, they would simply move on a take up their place in the order of Heaven. At least all of them did until..."
Castiel narrowed his eyes, meeting Dean glare for glare.  They held the stalemate, neither backing down.  After a few moments of contemplation, Castiel decided this method was going nowhere and obfuscation was the best approach.  Or maybe it was just avoidance.  Either tactic was a tried and true page of out the ‘Winchester Guide to Personal Problems manual’.
That's all folks!  Thanks for reading.  If angsty Destiel sex is your thing, I have several other stories that are chockabock full of it.
Cas held very still.  “Is this what you need to make us right?” He asked, his choice of wording deliberate.  “Then take it. I won’t resist.”
He leaned against the old junker’s hood, wishing fleetingly that it was his Baby. But no, she was in lockdown, safe from the monsters of the world.  He gazed up through the branches, occasional spots of star-dotted sky peeking through the heavy branches.  The car shifted slightly and Cas was leaning next to him, their shoulders lightly grazing.  Dean didn’t shake off the contact. The damaged angel was looking up as well, though Dean figured they were seeing very different things.
Castiel devoutly hoped this loner lady alpha Sam cared so deeply for would finally come in from the wild.  Sam deserved whatever measure of happiness he could find in this world.  Both siblings did.
Yes, yes he would.  Very much, in fact.  Cas too, was on the wrong side of famished, and the idea of eating food that didn’t come encased in plastic wrap frankly thrilled him.  Castiel made some money, true, but he was still slightly intimidated but the idea of restaurants.  And he wasn’t exactly rolling in dough.  Anything more ambitious than fast food was nearly beyond his means.  But he had no intention of telling Dean any of that.
Dean shrugged, the move oddly graceful, subtly calling attention to his impressively wide, muscular shoulders.  Not that Dean was sufficiently self-aware to notice.
Ellen took a step back and looked at the only slightly shorter of the two.  Dean Winchester.  He’d also started out a caring child like his brother, very protective even as a boy, a testament to the hidden Hunter in his genetics that had yet to manifest.  If his eyes hadn’t stayed that same, stunning shade of hazel green she remembered, Ellen doubted she’d have recognized him.
A little while turned out to be roughly the duration of lunch, or approximately as long as Sam’s curiosity would be kept at bay.  He paused a moment at Dean’s door.  It was half open, revealing Dean splayed across the bed on his belly, eating cold pizza while Jaws III played on his little TV.
“I..ah, I don’t think a public library computer is the proper place for that type of research,” she stammered.  “Maybe that’s better done in your own home?”
Dean rose up on his forearms, gazing behind him with a cocky grin.  Cas didn’t wait, didn’t play.  He yanked Dean’s hips up and slammed his cock hard into his ass, burying himself to the root.  Dean groaned, falling flat onto his chest.  Cas didn’t hesitate a moment; laying into him, with fierce, rapid thrusts, abandoning any pretext of subtlety or teasing.
Sam really, really hadn’t wanted to allow Rowena out from the old warehouse where he’d stashed her, but Charlie was in the wind, and Dean…  well, Sam’s idiot of an older brother just had to go and get himself killed again.  The moron.
Whatever.  None of that crap mattered.  What did matter was that there was something, anything, Dean could do to take the pressure off his brother, even it was temporary.  It was hardly the first devil’s bargain Dean had made to ensure Sam’s safety.
Dean opened his eyes some time later, aware that Cas, still safely shackled, was snuggled up next to him.
Castiel slid up so he was sitting on Dean’s thighs, taking a moment to enjoy the scenery.  He’d seen Dean’s bare chest so often he could draw it from memory.  But the whole full frontal image was new.
“School got out over a week ago!  You’ve been gone for eleven days, and you weren’t answering your phone. Just leaving vague messages about another delay.  Sam needed to eat, the motel wanted some money so they didn’t evict us and I don’t look old enough to get a job.  Even if I could find something, that would mean leaving my brother alone all day by himself.  And you ordered me to stay close and protect Sam.”
Castiel gets a feel for his new packmates as they journey homeward.  Dean is crabbby, Sam is Sam.  And my favorite Redhead joins the party.  This chapter is a little dry, I won't lie.  But we have to get from point A to B.
Castiel leaned over the railing, taking in the action around him.  Whatever this was, it wasn’t an open attack.  The gathering team was wary, but the activity wasn’t consistent with battle.  They were in meet-n-greet mode.
Without conscious thought, Castiel leaned forward, his nose tickling the skin of Dean’s wrist as he inhaled deeply.  He moaned slightly.  He’d never smelled anything so enticing before.  Without conscious thought, his tongue snuck out, licking delicately at the smooth skin.
Castiel hadn’t been assigned any kind of buddy or anything, so made his own way in the direction of water.  He wasn’t sure exactly where it was, but he figured it couldn’t be that difficult to find.
If Cas wanted him topless for this, he was likely into visuals.  Dean was self aware enough to know this pose would make the muscles of his shoulders and biceps tighten nicely, with the added benefit of keeping his target in place.
Cas groaned at the complimentary sensation.  Past experience had taught both men that they enjoyed a healthy bite of pain with their pleasure.   Both enjoyed feeling each other’s strength, no stranger to being held down and taken.
“I’ll be fine,” Castiel agreed.  He believed it.  Trying not to be charmed by the impossibly cheerful omega was a losing proposition.
“Jesus,” Dean groaned, “buy a guy a drink first.”  His words were a token protest, but his aforementioned abs smoothly rippled, tensing in an effort to shove his ass back to meet Cas’ powerful thrusts.
Dean chuckled.  “More or less.  Look, you’re hard to read, man.  Sometimes it looks like you’re checking me out, or you could be angelically counting my pulse.  I don’t know.  So, here it is: are you interested in me or not? Sexually,” he clarified.  It was always best to be crystal clear with Castiel.
But he wasn’t a child anymore.  And from and adult perspective, he could better understand the weight of the situation placed on his brother with painful clarity.  Their father needed fighters, warriors to carry on the Family work.  Traits that popular opinion painted as very un-omega.
Dean stepped fully out of the tent, waiting patiently as Option Three trotted in their direction along the dark road.
Cas looked better, sliding into the passenger seat while Dean walked around and climbed in behind the wheel.  He started the engine and turned the car back in the direction of the dilapidated house they’d made their temporary abode.  They had an archangel to catch.
Sure, Dean didn’t like how it made him feel, but there were a lot of things they did on the road that he didn’t like.  He didn’t like killing.  Especially when they looked really human.  But you did what you had to do when you were a Hunter.  And he did what he had to do to make sure Sammy was okay.  That was his job.
This was so very Sam.  The kit was clearly not something he’d come up with on the spot. He’d researched what omegas might need and painstakingly gathered those things, just in case.  Some of it was unnecessary, the information probably from some medical site written by nulls.   But a few of the items Sam had included were surprisingly insightful.
“Everything,” Cas replied, his voice slightly awed.  “The trees talk you know, you just have to learn their language.”
Cas sighed, wrapping his physical arms around his sated lover's body, his kinetic wings mirroring the tight hold.  If only he could hold him like this forever, shield him from the demands of the world.  But that would never be Dean's way.  Dean was a fighter, a man capable of imprisoning an Archangel through sheer grit and stubborn determination.  He would never allow Cas to hide him from a world, a family, that needed him.
Purple hair, clearly the most adventurous of the trio, if not the more experienced, slowly unzipped his jeans, pulling his erection into the warm summer air.  Dean smiled encouragingly.  To his left, Brunette moaned as his fingers slid past the soft, wet flesh into her body, thrusting gently.  Not much, just a touch.  He wanted to see how far he could push her.
“It was him or four giant crates of A grade gun powder,” Dean added.  “Sammy here decided that we should pick…that instead.” Dean gestured vaguely in Castiel’s direction.
“Any idea why they’re here?”  Sam asked, though his expression suggested he’d already figured it out.  He was just waiting for confirmation.
By the time Cas came to, Dean had rolled them over so that Cas was on top, his boneless body splayed across his bulkier mate’s.  Dean’s hand was gently stroking along his back, warm against the cooling skin.
Sam looked up from where he’d been sitting at the table, working at whatever the hell on his laptop.  “Going somewhere?”
Dean had managed to remove his pants back in the other room and already had one knee on the bed and was smoothly crawling up to meet Cas on the bed.  He slid his hips flush against Cas’ slick-soaked ass, sliding his cock between Cas cheeks and gliding gently.
“The last few days we’ve caught wind of her scent at the edges of pack territory.  I checked it out.  She’s there.  If there’s even a chance that she’s thinking of coming in, maybe even joining with us, I’d like Sam to be free.”
He strode towards the roaring group of spectators circling the ring, not bothering to hide his eager expression.  It was a good crowd; well mixed and rowdy.  Lots of visitors, too.  All the better for his pack’s demonstration.
“I’m Sebastian.  C’mon, Hot Stuff, let’s go across the street, get a coffee together and I’ll tell you everything you want to know.”
Grabbing Dean by the scruff of his shirt, he hauled the teen behind the motel building, slamming him against the concrete wall between a broken ice machine and a dumpster, well hidden from prying eyes.
The Winchester clan was all about consent.  Anyone, regardless of designation, that dared force a mating bond was subject to immediate execution.  No question, no tribunal, the sentence swift and absolute.  Castiel had even witnessed Dean carry it out, once.  There had been no hesitation.  Just a bullet between the eyes, and a permanent dirt nap in some random hole in the ground.
as if reading his mind Dean whispered hoarsely "Everything gets ripped away eventually, Sam" and with that Dean stood up and said "I am tired. I'm going to take a nap wake me in an hour okay? Or when Cas returns."
"Oh, I cannot tell you how much I have wanted to try this." opening his dark eyes to look at the blue eyes across from him "Did you know Castiel, that I would sneak down here and visit just so I could have a little taste of this divine invention...alcohol. Although, it was a long time ago."
He heard a slightly suppressed laugh come from the direction of Sam and from behind him, a still sitting Cas merely said “Dean, are you okay?” Pushing himself up from the hard floor, Dean with pink tinged cheeks glanced over at Castiel and gave a dismissive nod of his head and to Sam he turned and with barely disguised frustration and anger sputtered
With a single nod Dean softly added "Yes." and with Crowley's help. They were able to get a hell worthy fire started. Which Crowley guaranteed would burn the vessel to ash. Though, not willing to leave it at that the Boys then began to carve different warding symbols into the trees surrounding the pyre with Dean saving the last carving for Castiel's name. Written in Enochian on the largest tree.
Dean watched as Cas seemed to get a far away look in his eyes as the scenes of that ordeal began to replay themselves in the angel's memory. His hand had even stopped its caressing and now lay unmoving in the center of his chest. Dean reached up to hold it as if to keep the connection open between them and he began to worry that maybe he should not have asked Castiel to go that time again.
Dean took another glance at the old guy as he took a seat a few bar stools over and noticed the man's retro attire, it reminded him of the suits they wore on some of those old TV programs his dad to like from the 50's. Dean put the older black man's age to be his mid-seventies, it was hard to tell because his face was deeply lined as if he had spent a lifetime outside, toiling hard in the elements. As the man settled into his seat he took the hat from his head and turned his gaze in Dean's direction and nodded a greeting. This allowed the hunter to get a better look at the man's face and Dean immediately noticed the intensity of the deep chocolate eyes and when they met Dean's gaze. He felt as if the eyes were drilling into him and taking his personal thoughts. With a quick nod back at the man, Dean turned back to his beer.
Dean tried to imagine Castiel in any other vessel and found it difficult. Then he tried to decide if Cas would still be Cas if he were placed in a different vessel. He asked the other hard question "And what would be the worst case scenario?"
Dean lay back against his headboard, adjusting his pillow to be wedged under his head for support. His legs were stretched out and crossed at the ankles. Dean shifted his butt a little causing it to sink down a bit more into the memory foam mattress and with a smile aimed towards a pretzel legged Castiel sitting off to his left. He reached over and inserted the cassette labeled “Dean’s Zeppelin Road Trip”, which had been made years before, into the modern day cassette player that sat in the narrow space between them. The player was a favorite of Dean’s because unlike the older tape player he sometimes used. This one allowed him to sync more than one set bluetooth headphones and therefore, allowing him to share his music with Cas. Lately, there had been a lull in the number of cases coming their way. So Dean had decided to begin the task of educating his best friend about the joys of classic rock music and tonight they were listening to Led Zeppelin’s, Stairway to Heaven.
Feeling his mood change, Castiel refocused his energy back to the meadow and all of the beauty blossoming before him. He never mentioned his place for meditation to the Winchester brothers. He told himself it was his way of keeping his celestial self separated from humanity and all of its baggage. Mentally he chuckled to himself as he realized he just used a human colloquialism. Courtesy of the Winchester's.
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you / When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me.”
"I was minding my own business a couple of weeks ago when all of a sudden some idiot was standing in front of me telling me I had to find Dean Winchester and give him this book. Told me to go to the Gas & Sip off the 45 and look for a younger fellow, reading porn and holding beer and a pie. I been coming by here for two days and when I come by today. Well, there you are. So here take this damn thing so I can go"
Dean swallowed hard knowing that the crimes Castiel committed were grievous ones according to God's law.
"Hmmm" Castiel placed the parchment back down as he continued "yes, I imagine she is trying to strengthen her knowledge in mind control. It seems to be her specialty and she could just be expanding her repertoire." leaning over to point at the last section of the document Castiel provided more details. "This down here though, it talks about using the Nymph's power to control the creatures of Hades...or Hell. This particular paragraph mentions a Greek Nymph by the name of Orphne. She is supposed to be a resident of the Underworld."
The bartender began to tap his fingers impatiently on the bar top waiting for the old guy to make a decision. After carefully studying the choices behind the bar the old man finally settled on his drink of choice and he let the bar tender know this by blurting out "Bourbon! I would like to try a bourbon, please."
Sam heard a sound off to his left and he realized it was the kitchen timer that he had set in order to keep track of the time. It was a necessary addition to their routine given that when the two of them would immerse themselves in research. The passage of time would often escape their notice. Pushing himself up and out of the wooden chair, Sam walked over and shut off the timer and went to look for Dean and he had a pretty good idea where to go and look when Dean needed to think. The Impala.
Moving into the other study filled with a large collection of biblical artwork. Castiel took up position in front of a painting that would guarantee the avoidance of eye contact with anyone entering the room. Unfortunately, the subject of the painting made Castiel regret his decision in tactics.
Dean not willing to wait for a slow build up. Suddenly, raised his hips up causing Cas to enter more quickly then he meant to but he could see in Dean's eyes that the pain at his penetration only fueled the man's desire more. So as Castiel's rhythm became more intense and with Dean grabbing at his glutes to pull him in with more force, Castiel felt himself approach the precipice of release. Never taking his eyes from the green ones below. Watching for that sign that he was near ready himself. But the greeneyes were steadfast and filled with determination. Finally, not able to hold himself any longer Castiel let his cum flow and when he did he realized Dean had been waiting for him to finish and was now ready himself. So with ease and grace Castiel pulled out and folded himself down to take the swollen member of the human he loved into his mouth and began to lick and suck until a warmth filled his mouth and an anguished cry of release filled his ears.
Dean arrived back at the bunker in a foul mood. His meeting with Barachiel running through his head and the promise he made had left a bitter taste in his mouth. He hated that he was forced to make a promise that would leave Cas with no hope and with every fiber of his being, Dean knew he did not want to keep it.
"I know" with a sweep of his hand at the mess he was responsible for on the table he said with defeat "I am doing exactly what they said I would do and I even promised Barachiel that I wouldn't"
"Nymphs?" suddenly Dean's interest in the topic took a turn for the better as he perked up and set his fork down and asked "You mean dancing naked in the forest under the moonlight nymphomaniac Nymphs?"
Dean Winchester ran his finger over the faded marks scratched on the ancient parchment spread out on the table before him. Hunched over and focused, the eldest Winchester had been trying to decipher what the crazy lines meant for over an hour. Hearing the slam of the door at the top of the stairs, he did not look up when he heard his younger brother, Sam jog down the flight of stairs. Sighing in frustration, Dean threw up his hands and stood up and looked up at his brother as he reached the lower stair and began to cross over to entryway leading to the kitchen area. His arms laden with the bags of groceries he had been sent out to get, Dean couldn't help himself when he asked
Curious as to the source, Dean changed his trajectory from the beer in the fridge at the back of the store over towards the source of the light. Walking up to shelf filled with little glass sculptures Dean saw on the top most shelf, a sculpture the size of a baseball made of blown glass that had been shaped into angel wings. Reaching up Dean grabbed the piece and held it up to the sunlight now coming through the store windows and turned it in his fingers.
Sam looked at his brother with exasperation and asked "Makes me wonder what Rowena is up to going after that kind of power and where the Greek mythology fits in."
It was through this exploration that their body's began to find their rhythm with each other. Ans as they became in sync, Dean found himself being pushed back against his headboard as Castiel began to travel down his torso with his tongue and warm breath. He couldn't help the thrusting moves his body instinctively began to make after his cock had become rock hard. Castiel began to press the lower half of his own body against Dean's. Grinding his own member hard against Dean's. The friction being generated nearly driving them both wild. Castiel pulled back not yet ready to release the pent up desire. He wanted to savor every moment he had left with the human so he slowed things down by pulling his hips away.
Barachiel went over to sit on the same rock that Castiel had occupied only a few hours before and sat. He had cheated a bit by bringing Dean Winchester back in time. Castiel and he had been here only a few hours before and because Barachiel wanted to see it one more time and because he wanted to give this man more time to say good bye. He decided to reset the timeline just a bit.
Dean looked at his brother and saw the concern and immediately softened his tone and answered "We will try our best to figure out a way to keep our friend...our brother" (silently and with a barely perceptive pause Dean mentally added "my love") "from suffering at the hands of those heavenly dicks."
Dean had cheated a little and had opened his eyes to study Castiel as he listened to the tape. And even though his eyes were open, Dean was oblivious to his brother’s stealthy entrance into his room.
"I am sorry Dean. I wish I could tell you my Father's thoughts but as you know. He is God and I am but a messenger and though I fear God may not agree with the idea that the end results justify the means..." he left the rest unsaid. They both sat in silence each thinking about the what was said and both imagining the worst for their friend. Finally, Barachiel continued "Dean, what we in heaven have come to call a disastrous Third Age of Angels here on earth must end. Mankind will continue on as it has before and all of my brothers will return to our celestial home and will no longer interfere in the mundane matters of mankind. You may wonder Dean if God will be completely hands off like before? Who is to say what he will do but what I can tell you is our mission, the guardian angel's mission. Will always remain the same."
Cas brought his eyes up slowly to meet concerned green-eyes of the man he loved and answered "...and so I am being called back to heaven, Dean. I am the last participant of that horrible mess to be called home to answer for his part in it. Raphael, Lucifer, Michael, Uriel...all of them have had their punishments decided and now, it's my turn." Castiel paused.
Except for his head moving in time to the music playing through the headset clamped to his head. Castiel remained still as he felt Dean shift on the bed. His heart began to beat a little quicker as he felt Dean’s warmth come closer. He forced himself to refocus on the music filling his ears. Castiel could not help but hear a deeper meaning to the words. He doubted Dean would understand why the meaning for him would be so different than w Mid-way through though, Castiel felt an abrupt shift in the air around them and using his abilities he had as an angel (and the brother's Winchester tended to forget about). Castiel knew the bedroom door had opened and that Sam now stood in its threshold. He also understood that Dean’s lack of reaction also told the angel that his friend who was currently singing to him, had not noticed.
Dean sat heavily in the chair next to him as he realized he was doing exactly what he was told not to do. His anger had gotten the better of him and he was ashamed that he was risking Castiel's sentence with every action he was taking right now.
"Yes, you are one of them and not only that." poking his finger in Castiel's direction he added "You are the last one to be hauled home for the heavenly family inquisition."
Dean was left speechless and unsure. He wanted to say thank you but it seemed so inadequate and trite. Finally, in a strangled whisper, Dean tried.
“Cas,  I don't want to stop right now but this...what we are doing. Isn't going to work real well in the back of my car”
“but you must also remember Dean. I am an angel, first and foremost and though I have struggled at being a good one. It is who I am and I will obey my Father and return home to face whatever may be coming.  I will not run from this. I made some mistakes. I admit it, but I am not going to run and hide. I am going to go home and stand before my Father and defend myself against the accusation's that have been made against me.”
Dean shuffled into the kitchen and grabbed a cup of coffee. Thanking his brother for thinking ahead and brewing some and then followed him out to the study. Stepping down into the cavernous room, Dean realized it now held everything Sam had found on the Archangel Barachiel and the Darkness, the Light and where the Empty fit into all of it. Of course, he also brought along anything else he could find that might be helpful. "Listen Dean, the Men of Letters put together quite a bit on this Archangel Barachiel and the Enochian books have several volumes dedicated to him and not to mention the Empty and get this based on the story you told me about King David. I think they even mention Cas but not by name. " Dean could only raise an eyebrow at this news. He was still groggy but thankful that his brother had given him that extra hour and some strong coffee. Taking a sip he listened to Sam as he recounted what he had found in the Enochian texts in regards to an angel who supposedly helped David kill a giant and become a king.
He was correct, of course.  “I’m sorry,” Castiel muttered.  He’d found himself saying that a lot lately.   “I’d appreciate that list.”
“Not so easy without that perfect Angelic control over your vessel, huh?” Dean asked, smirking down at him as he continued his slow, silky grind.
Ellen rocked back on her heels, attempting to make sense of the news.  “But Isaac and Tamera were stationed there.  They’d never abandon their post.”
The redhead slid down Sam’s overlong frame until she was back on land.  She spun to face him.  “The one and only,” Charlie replied with a wink.  “Who are you?”
Castiel had always been aware that Dean’s secondary nature was omega.  It had never been particularly relevant.  It was just a part of him, no more noteworthy than the colour of his hair or his eyes.
Sam stepped slightly forward.  “By now you’ve all heard we’re hosting a rival Alpha.  This is Ellen Harvelle, Alpha of the Harvelle pack.  They ran the old Roadhouse.”
As if summoned by magic, Crowley rose from his chair atop the dais, looking towards the prize corral, as did the rest of the newly quieted crowd.
Castiel watched Sam wander away back towards his home.  No time like the present.  He cautiously approached the small fire.
Bobby rested his head on the steering wheel.  What the hell was he gonna do with this?  Try to jog Emmanuel’s memory?  Tell the boys that their angel pal was alive and well, married and performing minor miracles in nowhere, Colorado? At this point Bobby didn’t know if Dean would hug the guy or put an angel blade through his chest.  They hadn’t exactly parted on the best of terms.
“Not exactly,” he growled, roughly forcing Dean to his belly.  He slammed a knee into the small of Dean’s back, roughly pinning him there while he unbuttoned his pants.
Dean was fierce as a rabid bear once he really let loose, and scarily good with a blade.  But Sam would be lying if he said he hadn’t been worried during the Pit fight.  That Fang fighter had been almost too large to be real.  But Dean seemed no worse for wear; his injuries manageable, and the blood-crazed Hunter that always resided in the back of his mind neatly tucked away.
The most notable exception to this rule, in my humble opinion, is that moment when we found out that Dean struck out at a bar, citing ‘dad bod’ in episode 11:13 Love Hurts. There is simply no possible reality in any universe where someone who looks anything like Jensen Ackles walks out lonely from a dive bar.  Ghosts, demons, the occasional God?  Okay, sure I’ll buy all that.  But Dean Fucking Winchester will always score at a bar.  Always.   Which leads to my second ‘Um…’ moment.  Episode: 7:17 The Born Again Identity.  And here we go.
“Dean, hold up a sec. I have something for you.” Sam pushed a small black gym bag into his brother’s hands.  “Call me if you need anything.”  Sam turned and strode up stairs and out the solid Bunker door.
“Cas?” Sam asked the angel, pitching his voice to carry over to the other side of truck.  Castiel startled, as if he’d just been recalled to the task at hand.
Dismissing the angel’s slightly erratic behavior as Cas being Cas, Sam glanced to his left.  The petite redhead he’d gone to some lengths to acquire sat curled up next to him, her legs tucked delicately under the emerald green ankle length cashmere dress.  Pure cashmere.  He shuddered at how much the little witch hadn’t paid for it.
Castiel huddled in a quiet spot along the log ring that circled the small fire, grateful for the warmth provided by the sparking flames.  The faint hiss and pop of damp wood amidst the burning branches provided a soothing background to the night.  The sun had bid its evening farewell some time ago, taking the day’s scorching heat with it and leaving a dry, icy chill in its wake.
Dean rolled his shoulders, fighting the incessant itch at the back of his neck.  “I need you to leave.  Disappear for three, maybe four days.  Instinct don’t much care about human ideals of basic decency.  And I’m not going to be doing much thinking in an hour or two.”
“What the hell have you done?” Sam demanded harshly.  But he wasn’t talking to Cas.  He was looking past him, gazing over the omega’s shoulder towards the house.
Several of the specially equipped Pack motorcycles and one of the open sided jeeps were parked across from the armory, prepped and ready to roll out at a moment’s notice.  Sam and Dean were already aboard the jeep, waiting for the motorcycle Guard to finish settling their weapons.
Cas broke off only when the need for air demanded it.  He dropped his head, resting his forehead against Dean’s bare chest.
Cas narrowed his eyes, the angel power fading from his gaze, though they remained so relentlessly blue they almost hurt to look at.  “I’m an angel.  I have absolute control of my vessel, I assure you.”
He also knew about confinement.  He knew the diameter of Heaven’s prison to the centimeter.  He’d been trapped in most everything that can hold an angel, from chains to flaming circles of holy oil.  His own friends had chained him to the floor with magic handcuffs.  Which, admittedly, had been for his own protection, but that didn’t make the experience any less miserable.
Purple hair slid her mouth down his cock in a gulp, attempting to take him to the root.  She made a noble effort, but he was a lot to take in, even for a pro.  And while she was no newbie, Purple had a lot learn about sucking cock.  She started to gag about three quarters of the way down.  Dean considered holding her head there, feeling her choke on his length, but decided against it.  There was only one person he wanted to hold that close.
“Everyone learns basic fighting,” Sam said coming to her side, three packed meals in his arms.  He leaned down and sniffed.  “There appears to be an entire pie in here,” he reported to his brother.
Sam glared at him.  “Dean, look around.  Everyone in town is here to see this fight.  Including our guys.”
Dean sat despondently on his bedroll, gazing longingly into the rich amber liquid teasing him through the hazy glass of the whiskey bottle.  The nearly full bottle.  His newly relocated shoulder throbbed like a son of a bitch, and his bruised ribs were quick to sing out their own grievances with every shallow inhalation.
The Hunter downed the remainder of his coffee before setting the dirty cup on a random alcove along the wall.  He folded his arms across his chest and stared at Castiel.
A moment later Dean had slammed his way into the grimy hotel room.  “He acts like I wanted to go into heat,” Dean had muttered under his breath as he strolled past.  “It’s not as if I have a choice in the matter.”
“Secondly,” Crowley called, drawing everyone’s eye to the new item.  What he could possibly put up that could compete with the first prize was beyond Dean.  Frankly, he wasn’t all that interested.  He couldn’t think of anything his pack needed more than the gunpowder.
Cas was a good guy.  He didn’t deserve to die a virgin. No consenting adult did, in Dean’s considered opinion.  And that damn itch of his…it was a persistent bastard.  He’d found a number of new friends to help rub it out, male and female.  But it never helped for long.   Looking at Castiel made him think of all kinds of interesting things that had nothing to do with hunting archangels.  Unless one was into hunting angels while naked.
Dean pulled out a thin, black buckle-style strap with a heavy rounded patch at its center.  It looked vaguely like a giant sized eye patch.  But it wasn’t.  Dean smirked.  He wished he could have been a fly on the wall when Sam had bought that.
Hmm.  That was odd.  Normally there were a good half dozen items available as enticement to fight, and the winner got to choose one.  They must have had a busy day in the ring.  Either that or these would be particularly high-ticket items.  Crowley was carefully to reserve higher value prizes for the biggest fights.  And now that he knew Dean would be coming in, he could expect one hell of a draw.  Winchesters always did; but none more so than Dean.
The betting was a different story entirely.  It was incredibly well organized, scrupulously maintained, and violently regulated.  The last group to run it had been notoriously shady.  No one mourned when a new crew rolled into town to take their place.  These new guys, Crowley’s pack, ran the bets now.  Pieces of his predecessor were strung about the ring, the cracked skull and occasional femur serving as grisly decorative reminders of how he handled cheaters.  Or anyone foolish enough to bet beyond their means.
“Okay, newly human, let’s take your refractory period for a test drive,” Dean told him, kissing along his chest.  Cas pressed up, wanting more attention devoted to his skin.  What was it Dean had been saying, again?
Dean had to close his eyes to focus on controlling his reactions and keeping his teeth out of the way.  He wasn’t sure if Cas would be into that, and it was something best discovered later, in a much more relaxed situation and hopefully in an environment that involved four walls and a bed.  He slid one hand off the Impala and snaked it between his own legs, unzipping his pants and taking a firm hold on his straining cock through his underwear.
A few small, reddened bite marks had escaped the Angelic healing.  The tiny marks peppered the skin over his left clavicle and up his neck, including a small, dark bruise that was clearly a hickie.  Apparently the Alpha in Cas hadn’t quite given up without a fight.  That was okay.  That Cas was able to fight that inner boss enough to leave just these few marks was an impressive display of control.  Very sexy.
“Okay, Dean,” Castiel agreed, willing to let it go.  Dean really was past it, he could tell.  Castiel needed to attempt to do the same.  Dean relaxed beside him at the agreement, thought the strong arm around his waist continued to hold him tight.
Dean didn’t love these periodic forays into any of the distant towns surrounding his territory.  Sure, when it had just been him and Sam it’d been one of favorite past-times.  But things were different now.  It wasn’t just him and Sam against the world anymore.  He had people now; friends and family that depended on him for their safety.
Deanmon.  A moniker Sam had instantly despised, but Rowena had coined it and for whatever damn reason, Castiel had started using it.  So now that was a thing.   Wonderful.
He unlocked his phone, casually flipping through images until he found a good one.  He handed the phone over.
“I have Deanmon,” Castiel announced unnecessarily.  Dean raised an eyebrow, apparently amused by the title.  “We should get him back to the Bunker so we can start the ritual.  He will be much more cooperative this time around.”
Dean leaned down, pressing his face into his mate, snuffling softly at the base of his neck.  His tongue delicately licked across the fresh bite mark.  Cas closed his eyes, shuddering softly.  Heat flared in his groin, need tighening his abdomen.
“Yes.  It was an excellent experience.  So you can understand why I’m seeking information for furthering our sexual relationship.”
“Have you not had enough flirtation?”  Cas demanded without slowing his pace.  “Isn’t this what you wanted?  Because you’ve spent the last hour taunting me.  I think we’re well past foreplay.  Don’t you?”
He nuzzled the plump warm breasts filling his vision, taking one pert nipple in his mouth and sucking.  The girl’s whimper of pleasure made his cock throb.
Castiel was an angel.  He had perfect control of his vessel at all times, and had absolute control of when it would orgasm.  Technically, he could continue at this pace for hours, days even, pouring all his grief and rage into the hunter’s willing body.
At Dean’s urging, Cas laid on his back, extending his double-cuffed wrists over his head.  Dean neatly attached a chain to the cuffs, the other end leading to a heavy eyebolt drilled directly into the Bunker’s concrete wall.
“Later, Sammy,” Dean called over his shoulder.  “I have a mate in need of satisfying.  Come back for lunch.”
Dean shrugged, grunting faintly when his shoulder screamed at him.  “It’s fine.  You weren’t exactly in a good position, as I recall.”
Castiel saw no reason not to comply with the request.  He had a cellphone and it took pictures.  Surely there were a few that featured Dean on them.
“You sure you want to do this?” Dean asked.  He didn’t want to pressure his friend.  “You know, you don’t have to or anything.  And you can change your mind any time.”
Cas didn’t have to turn to know what Sam was looking at. Or rather, whom.  Every muscle in Castiel’s body had come to attention, aware to his DNA that Dean was behind him. Dean Winchester, his Alpha.  His mate.
“It’s been about five minutes,” Dean replied, his voice satisfied, bordering on smug.  Castiel let it go, deciding that after that ride, the alpha deserved to be a little pleased with himself.  Dean wasn’t the only one mellowed out from an earth-shaking orgasm.  Seeing no reason to stay awake, Cas closed his eyes and dosed.
“I’m going to fuck you so hard,” Dean murmured, nibbling at his neck.  His hips continued to smoothly thrust that thick cock between Castiel's cheeks.  His hole clenched in need.  His was so empty.  He desperately needed his mate to fill him, knot him.
Dean awoke with sudden, absolute knowledge that he wasn’t alone in the hotel room.  A glance to his right showed Sam sleeping peacefully in a bed that was a tad too short for his overlong frame, the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest easing Dean’s most immediate concerns.
Pointedly dismissing the Angel, he rolled the other direction; curled up on the bed in roughly the same position he’d been in before Cas’ arrival and closed his eyes.  When he next opened them, Castiel was gone.
It came to a stop just in front of the husk of Roadhouse.  Asa Fox, stumbled out.  He was a traveler, gone more often than not, but he still called her pack home.   The big alpha was limping badly, a rough dressing soaked through on his left thigh.  The moonlight wasn’t bright enough for Ellen to tell much, but she could smell fresh blood, and lots of it.
Cas stepped up to Dean, who backed away from the angel until his back hit the wall.  Exactly where Cas wanted him.  Finished with the tie, Castiel began working on his shirt, watching as Dean's wary was supplanted by understanding.  He’d hit denial in 4-3-2-…
Sam sighed, turning a troubled gaze on his bloodthirsty brother.  “Don’t worry.  We can handle anything they try to send our way.  If they even try.  We have a certain reputation.”
“But the truth is that we know very little about actually running a pack, particularly one as full of such diverse personalities as ours.” Grins at that.  Everyone knew the Winchesters were outliers.  After a moment, Sam continued.  “Our father was always the voice of experience, his a kind of wisdom that only comes with age and time.”
“I know he didn’t seem the type, but trust me, he was an Alpha.” Dean firmly told Sam in his ‘don’t argue with me on this’ tone.  Sam quit arguing, accepting Dean’s verdict.  Because Dean would know.  Duals always did.
“Any deeper and my cock will trigger your gag reflex,” Dean grunted.  Nonetheless, he pulled out, tugging on his hips.  Before Cas could protest, Dean manhandled him until he'd flipped him to his back, grabbed his calves and pulled his feet over his head, tilting his hips off the bed, bending him nearly in half.
Dean slid carefully into the passenger seat.  He’d put the best shocks available into the car the last time he’d rebuilt her, so hopefully they’d have a smooth ride.  It would help if His Godliness, Saint Castiel the Lord Douchebag had bothered to heal Dean after he’d finished getting his rocks off.  Sometimes he did.  Usually, in fact.  But Dean had gotten mouthy again last night.  Apparently Cas had decided to make a point.
A few moments of careful eavesdropping told him the crew was headed out to the established meeting area at the Winchester border.  Interesting.  Castiel relaxed somewhat now that he knew crazed fighters weren’t about to burst over the far hill any time soon.
Sam didn’t add, ‘and mine,’ but he might as well have.  Castiel knew the brothers well enough to understand that something vital in Sam would die the day his brother did.  Dean was so dangerously damaged, it was easy to overlook that Sam was broken as well.
Castiel buried the Alpha’s voice deep inside until it went dormant, ruthlessly reclaiming absolute control of his vessel.  Angels didn’t have dual natures.
The heavy iron cuffs appeared to be doing their job, her power greatly reduced, albeit not completely neutralized.  But he’d take what he could get.  The little witch smiled sardonically up at him, taking another sip from the delicate porcelain teacup, before setting it neatly on its matching saucer.
Sam looked at his brother his brow wrinkled in concern. Suddenly, inertia felt wrong and he needed to be in motion and saying more to himself than to his brother "I am going to go get some wood...for Castiel"
Of course he knew his brother hadn't heard his a single word from his outburst and he didn't care but unbeknownst to Sam. Standing next to the garbage bin that he had angrily threw his bottle. There was one being who had heard every word of his outburst and all the being could do was look after the younger Winchester as he slammed the door leading back into the bunker closed with a loud bang.
"Well?" Castiel asked. Remembering all too well his own first experience drinking an alcohol called; tequila. He was curious at the angels reaction to the liquid that was much different to the ancient wines and ales made a millennia ago.
"Come brother" Barachiel said softly "Let's release these vessels for now and see each other as we are. We have lots to discuss my friend."
Barachiel merely watched as the hunter slammed the door to the bar open and storm into the darkness beyond and with a sigh he finished his drink and winked himself out of existence to follow the stubborn mortal.
"Castiel, I want you to believe me when I tell you that if I could have been here, I most definitely would have been at your side. Standing against my brothers and their stupid plan. But, as you know, Michael gave me orders sending me out to the edge of the expanse where the universe ends. Where the Darkness had been imprisoned with the excuse that the confines to which our Father had placed his Sister were becoming unsteady. He was able to convince me it had to do with Father's absence and therefore, why I needed to take care of it in his stead"
Studying the impudent human before him as he spoke, Barachiel couldn't help but admire this mortal man and he began to understand Castiel's infatuation with the human.
"Well...this is a bit of an unexpected turn." Barachiel spoke with some humor in his voice "Our little rebel angel had to get one last a bit of rebellion in before returning to Heaven"
"Pardon?" The man tried to appear startled by Dean's question but Dean was not buying into the bad acting.
This of course led to a fit of laughter from both men as Dean dropped heavily on top of Cas. Who suddenly had a reason not to mind the space as Dean's muscled body landed solidly against his groin.
"Why?" was all he could ask in a defeated voice. Barachiel hesitated to answer and instead studied the vessel sitting across from him. Refusing to meet his eyes as he waited for the answer to his question. Finally, he spoke with a firmness that was tinged with finality.
Dean acting as if he were slightly offended by Sam's tone answered back "Well, you don't have to be so snippy"
Sam, Dean. I have to go now...just for awhile. Time is running short and I need to say good bye to one other person before I am called back.
Slowly, the tailspin Dean had been in began to slow down. Sam's voice providing enough of a rudder in its calmness that he placed his hands flat on the table's surface. His eyes darted around as if the answer would just jump out of one of the many books and parchments he had just finished tossing on to the table's surface.
The cashier watched as the grey flannel clad man made his way down the magazine rack, kicking with his steel-toed boot the green basket filled with groceries resting at his feet. The sound of the basket scraping the ground had begun to irritate the cashier and the way the guy kept fingering all of the porn mags was irritating him even more.
“Seriously?' with some incredulity she spoke as if the mysterious subject of Dean should be known to him. He answered her with confusion tinting his voice.
The Grand Tetons took over nine millions years to reach the lofty heights they currently occupy. They are the physical evidence of a violent past that included powerful earthquakes, which heaved large slabs of granite skywards and over the millennia. Those slabs eventually piled high enough to create one of earth's greatest mountain ranges. Of course, to the lone figure that sat in a rigid pose with eyes closed in the center of a mountain meadow covered in newly blooming wildflowers, he knew all of this...he was a witness to some of God's effort when he set in motion the events needed to create these particular mountains. Of course, things have been much quieter geo-physically speaking, and hardly a rumble occurs anymore. Castiel he sensed everything was just about right and that is was now safe to be free and with that thought, Heaven's most impudent angel released himself from the vessel once known as Jimmy Novak. Rising up in the angelic blue light of his grace, Castiel took the opportunity to intertwine his essence with the moving air and allow it to be carried along as the current traveled through the meadow. Brushing him up against the softness of the flowers and the occasional hardness of an upturned rock. Few humans have made it this far up the into mountain range to visit the isolated meadow and its inhabitants and for Castiel, it had become over the millennia one of his favorite places to visit and after he became a permanent fixture inside Jimmy Novak's body, it also became a place was where he could escape the confusing world of mortals and their unpredictable emotions. Castiel's wasn't new to the chaotic world of mankind. He had a history with the inhabitants of earth that begins as far back to when the first denizen from the deep were tossed out of the soupy sea and up on to its earliest rocky shore and were clever enough to figure out they could use their rigid fins to crawl across its terrain for a morsel to eat. It also happened to be the moment his older brother the Archangel Barachiel began to tell him of God's plan for him. Little did he know that plan would include spending the last nine years of his tenure here on earth in the company of two brothers who also happened to be hunters and who also became his family. Now, as he reflected on the path he traveled and how convoluted the track had become. Castiel wondered with great sadness on how it ended up with him shunned by his family in heaven. Unnerved with the path his thoughts were taking Castiel refocused his energy to the surrounding meadow and unbidden his thoughts turned to the past once again.
Dean then turned with an exaggerated sigh back to Sam and said with a serious face “Okay, looks like we are going to to Texas to checkout an oil rig.”
Castiel stiffened feeling awkward at the younger Winchester embrace but then he quickly understood his departure was going to affect him as well and with a relaxing of his shoulders. Castiel wrapped his arms around Sam and hugged back.
Castiel remained silent, his heart was heavy with disappointment to really participate in the exchange between the Winchesters, his brow had furrowed slightly but when he felt the unmistakable lean into his body by Dean. Castiel looked up into smiling green-eyes that were covered by eyebrows raised into that unmistakable Dean Winchester flirt angle. At first Cas was reluctant to trust what he was seeing but then he read Dean’s aura and knew something had changed in Dean. Something good and so he could not help the small smile of his own that began turning up the corners of his lips. He nodded his agreement. The his heart grew lighter still when he saw Dean return an even bigger smile back.
“I just wanted a little more time for us. I wanted to kiss you one more time. And I feel like...” Dean searched around as if trying to find the right words. Tears began to fall, his voice breaking as he continued “So much I want to say...and so much I should have said”
Glancing down at his computer screen to make sure the web page hadn’t disappeared Sam turned and made his way back down the corridor until he came up to the t-intersection that would take him towards the wing that housed their sleeping quarters. Walking down the wide hallway, Sam gave a mental sigh of relief when he heard a low murmur coming from the direction of Dean’s room and as Sam approached the doorway. He could see a thin line of light running the length of the door, a clear sign that it had been left slightly ajar. Sam hesitated briefly as he judged the gap left by the partially open door.
Dean pushed past his brother and left the question unanswered and headed into the adjoining room and began to frantically scan the table top. "Sam, we need to find everything we can about Barachiel...the Darkness, everything. You hear me?"
Dean could only nod feebly and the worked up enough energy to say "just a little bit of a headache. I will be fine."
This question seemed to stump the elderly black man and so Dean with a small shake of his head jumped in "give him the Booker's and put it on my tab." Seeing the questioning look on the bartender's face Dean added for the man's benefit as he explained to the bartender "it has a nicer finish. Smoother."
Sam felt that maybe they were because of the Grace left behind by Cas. Dean pushed that idea away real quick. Dean had hoped there would have been some benefit to the small amount of grace left behind. But it didn't help at the race track in predicting winners or when playing poker. So other than the random headaches it didn't seem like a big deal anymore.
As darkness began to descend and Dean was forced to throw on the headlights as he continued down the slick asphalt of the two-lane roadway that led the last few miles to the cemetery. There hadn't been much conversation as they drove. Sam had opted to sit in the back seat and had attempted some small talk but it was stilted and uncomfortable to try. So eventually, they all just settled in with their own thoughts. Dean's mixed tape that he had made for Cas played softly. Castiel was seated close to Dean their hands clasped together. Their fingers playing
Opening his eyes, Dean was startled by the sudden change in his surroundings. No longer was he in the dark parking lot of the dive bar but now he was in a wide open space lit up by a late afternoon sun. Turning in place he began to look around at the towering peaks of the mountains surrounding him and the explosion of color created by the wildflowers spreading out in front of him. Feeling disoriented he tried to take a step forward and staggered. Fearing he would fall flat on his face Dean began to reach out to catch his balance when the strong hands grabbed his shoulders to steady him.
Crowley watched Castiel's silently and had a moment of regret at his words. He had meant to take his traditional dig at the winged nightmare from heaven but somehow this victory seemed hollow. "Look Castiel, let me help you out." Crowley continued with some emphasis "You, have been called home by Daddy. Correct? Back to face an inquisition of sorts for all of your misdeeds here and there." Crowley finished the last word with his finger now pointing upwards. Lowering his hand he began to slowly walk around Castiel's vessel. Though he knew he was sounding cruel in his description. He did have ulterior motives for talking to Castiel the way he was, his real goal was to give the angel a simple warning about what he was about to face when he returned to heaven. It was his way of showing pity.
The brothers had a long standing rule when it came to the terms of privacy, a closed door required a knock before entering (unless you wanted to risk catching your brother viewing porn and jerking off) so with some trepidation, Sam slowly pushed the door open and took a single step forward into the room
Regaining his composure and stepping back from his friend, Castiel could only nod and with a exhaled breath, tilted his head slightly backwards his eyes staring at the sky and parted his lips to allow his Grace to escape the confines of the human vessel once known as Jimmy Novak.
A blinding light suddenly pulsed out of Cas and quickly began to engulfed them both. And Dean felt a burden fall heavily into his arms and instinctively he clutched the emptying vessel against his chest and fought to keep control. He wanted to scream. But his throat felt constricted...paralyzed. As every nerve in his body seemed to now be engulfed in fire. Each individual ending misfiring and causing his limbs to stiffen and muscles to spasm and just for a moment Dean thought he was surely going to die. Then it was all gone, the pain as suddenly as it had hit him was now gone. And where there was once agony and heartache. Dean felt warmth and peace and then he sensed him. Castiel.
"Castiel he rose up quickly through the ranks and when it came time to fight Lucifer after the Mark finally took hold of him. Well, I will spare you the bloody details but it was Commander Castiel, the impudent angel and his small contingent of angels that led to our victory over Lucifer. Whatever it was that made him different turned out to be what made him such a great warrior and leader." pausing for some effect Barchiel went on " Though his tactics could be a little unorthodox and sometimes if he felt there was a better way of achieving a directive without killing innocents. Well, he would take that better way even if it meant going against orders. And looking back I realize, Michael was becoming a envious of him and the respect he was garnering from the other angels and from our Father. Only after what he had witnessed with Lucifer, he knew to keep his envy well hidden."
With some force behind her words Claire said “Cas, you can't let them put you on trial for something was not your fault.” and as she continued her voice hardened as she began to build a case for his defense. As she spoke Cas began to find it difficult to focus on her words as he watched the young woman sitting across from him with amazement. Gone was the timid, scared little girl of a few years ago and now sitting across from him she had been replaced by this confident young woman. With gratitude he thought of Jody and said a prayer-like thank you for her taking on the job of mentor and parent and Cas' with a slight hint of a smile on his lips as he continued to stare at the young woman across the table. Cas felt his initial concern about her future begin to ebb away.
Finally, when he couldn't take it any longer he called out "Hey man! You gonna buy that stuff or what? You been fingering those magazines for twenty minutes."
With a final look of derision and the art work on the wall, Dean decided he needed to get away from the bunker...from that painting. Grabbing his keys to the Impala and scribbling a note for Sam and tossing it on the table. Dean Winchester took the stairs two or three at at time and practically ran from the building to the closest bar.
Slamming the Impala's door, Sam turned and opened his mouth as if to say something but his brother's glare through the glass made him stop and with a frustrated wave of his hand. Sam started to walk away from the Impala and as he did so Sam tossed the beer he was drinking into a trash can as he passed by with a loud thunk  Mumbling to himself about his brother's stupidity, Sam walked back down the row of cars and finally yelled back before climbing the stairs leading out of the garage. His voice echoing down the cavernous building “It ever occur to you Dean? That Cas loves you too and that you both are too stubborn and or too stupid for your own good?”
"Well, that is just awesome." Dean focused his attention on the amber liquid inside his glass. Waiting for the Archangel to continue.
Dean half walked, half ran towards the Impala and as he reached his beloved car he pulled out his keys from the pocket of his leather jacket and began to reach towards the door and jam them into the lock. But before he could jerk the squeaky door open. He heard the familiar flutter of an arriving angel and turning in the direction of the sound he was suddenly grabbed in a vice like grip on his shoulder and then felt the familiar pull on his insides as he was transported with Barachiel to an unknown destination.
A clearing of the throat off to the side brought the two men back to the present and Sam said solemnly  “Its time. If you want us to take you. We have to leave now.”
Castiel looked from the door back towards the Impala. His mind set in the path he was now going to take with regard to Dean and all of the tangled feelings and emotions they both felt.
After a few quick slaps on the muscled back Castiel shifted his eyes to the table located behind Sam and noticed it was covered in books and parchment. Releasing Sam, Castiel thankful for the distraction, crossed over to examine the contents.
"Yeah, Naomi! Let's talk about her. What she did to Cas and all the other angel's. How she used that...that device to screw with their heads. How she tried to brainwash him into killing me and messing around with his memory. Getting him to do things like killing other angels to keep them from talking" Dean couldn't help but flashback to the only other angel he didn't really hate Samadriel. He continued, his anger barely held in check "She was scrambling everything just so that he wouldn't remember things that he had done in the past." his voice raising Dean leaned in closer to Barachiel and through a clenched jaw said. "Listen, Barry"
Castiel wanted him to take it all in right then and there but instead, he began to brush the tip of his nose against the slicked-up cock as he brought his lips up to finally take in his lover's engorged member. Almost, as if on queue Castiel felt Dean begin to do the same on his end and together they began to message, suck and nibble until both men could no longer stand it and when they finally came with what seemed a never ending vibration and release that neither one had expected. Castiel rotated himself 180 degrees and collapsed next to Dean.
"So..." Staring straight ahead at the row of liquor bottles lined up on the shelves behind the bar, Dean's gravelly voice broke the silence "Which one of God's heavenly offspring are you?"
Studying the anxious angel from behind for one last time Dean turned and snagged the plastic container holding his pie and followed Castiel into the adjoining room. He figured that pushing the angel with questions and forcing him to come clean about what was bothering him wouldn't work. He knew Cas would eventually tell him. Clarifying for Cas' benefit, Dean added "Yes. Well, we heard that Rowena has decided to start a new and improve coven"
Castiel glanced up at the last part. Concern wrinkling his brow as the implications of what Barachiel just said set in. "And Father? Did you get a sense of what he was going to do?"
At the mention of Dean's name Castiel snapped his eyes up to meet Claire's. Wondering what she meant.
Sam looked up into his brother's eyes as he sat across the table and with understanding and compassion he said "Dean..."
Seeing the conflicted emotions play on Castiel's face, Crowley set his mouth grimly. He had a truce going with the angel and even though they continued to trade verbal barbs with each other whenever their paths happen to cross. Which usually happened when one of the Winchester brothers called on him. He did believe that their time fighting together brought about a mutual understanding of sorts.
Castiel receives a visit from the Archangel Barachiel. The 8th Archangel created by Chuck and who was put in charge of all Guardian Angels. Being freed from  a trap laid by Lucifer and Michael to keep him out of the way. He is now assisting their Father in punishing his wayward children.
Castiel turned to face Crowley for what he believed would be one last confrontation but before he could speak Crowley surprised him with more "You know Cas. I am going to miss you around here. I had grown used to you tagging along with the Dynamic Dopes."
Sam sat at the large table at the center of the room going over some old papers. When his brother came  through the arched portal that led back to the bedrooms. Sam could see the anguish in his eyes. He was losing the love of his life and Sam was now worried about his brother and what was to come. He had never seen his brother look as defeated as he did at this very moment.  Sam's heart was aching for Dean and the pain he must be feeling.
Dean still dazed and a little disoriented tried to form an answer but before he could. Both men were reminded that they weren't alone. As they heard Barachiel begin his approach, it prevented any reply Dean was about to give.
"I was just settling in, my favorite thirty year old scotch in hand. Going over the latest numbers in soul collections. When suddenly I had a bit of a tickle in my nether's. And I could only think of one reason why. My former roomie was close by" Castiel looked both disgusted and suspicious at the description Crowley had provided but allowed the demon to continue.
Castiel allowed a small smile to lift the corner of his mouth and could only reply with "I will see you around Crowley" and with a flutter he was gone.
Dean's confession included the belief that he wasn't sure if he was going to be strong enough to get through this loss. Of course Castiel knew he would. Dean had Sam but what about himself. Who did he have? Balthazar? Gabriel? Castiel grimaced at the last name.
During his brief time here on earth Barachiel came to appreciate what Castiel saw in the mortal men. Their loyalty, fierceness and their desire to wipe out the evil that seemed to come from all corners with selfless abandon. Their love of humanity and willingness to sacrifice everything to protect it. Barachiel couldn't help but think that they would have made glorious warriors in heaven. Of that he had no doubt.
"Well, it began when father came to me with a special request. A special mission that he would only entrust with Castiel. He wanted me to send him down to watch over a sheep herder, a young boy named, David."
"Well, they did bind Death to help with their little plot. So I can imagine they could have figured away to get you and the rest of the angels." Castiel with some sympathy in his voice.
“Don't ever feel Dean, that you waited too long or left something unspoken” placing his hand over Dean's heart. He continued “I always knew Dean what you had in here and Dean I want you to know that I always loved you back.”
"Dean Winchester, I am going to tell you a story about our friend Castiel. His story to be more specific."
Then with as much conviction as he could muster he looked Barachiel in the eye and finished "I don't care what you or God or any one of you Angel's think. I am not going to let you hurt him or lock him away or whatever plans you may have for him."
Dean looked over at the man and shook his head in agreement. Taking a sip from his glass Dean asked "So. You are the one who brought Cas the ultimatum to come home?"
Things intensified between the two men quickly and they soon realized the confined space of the Impala's backseat was going to be a problem for two grown men and it was made even more apparent when Dean with a loud “clunk” smacked his head against the Impala's ceiling while trying to shift his position in order to start using both hands on the warm body pressing against his own.
The angel watched as Dean looked up and switched his drink back to bottled beer, Barachiel feeling no ill effects from his beverage choice nodded for another. Both waited in silence for his return not wanting to be interrupted again. When the bartender did return a few moments later with their order the Archangel looked up at him and said "I think you will find the game on your television very interesting" The bartender merely nodded and disappeared to the end of the bar and began to watch the flat screen overhead. No longer caring about the men at the end of the bar. Dean picked up on what just happened and could only say "Nice trick."
Looking back at the man who had risen up to his full height standing now in a more defiant manner "I need you to sacrifice your concerns for Castiel and release your hold on him and let me take him home. His time living here, pretending to be human, as a hunter. It must come to its inevitable conclusion."
Because instead of being glued to the unfolding serial on the t.v. screen like Dean often was (even though he had seen the episodes at least a hundred times before) Cas never seemed to pick up on some of the dramatic nuances of the show and was a bit more perplexed by the emotionally charged human medical drama and appeared to more intent (or was it content) on studying Dean. Once, in a moment of candor when his brother was away Cas had confessed he was just a little confused as he tried to comprehend the infatuation his human friend had for the dark-haired doctor of medicine and his cowboy boots. Sam, who heard just a little tinge of jealousy in the angel’s voice, could only bite his tongue as he looked at the angel and shake his head in sympathy and just a little understanding of what the angel really meant by his words.
"Well, then I guess I should introduce myself properly. Especially, since you bought the drinks. My name is Barachiel. I suspect though, you already knew that. Didn't you Dean?" Glancing at the man Dean continued the game of ignoring questions asked by the other and merely said "So now that we have the pleasantries out of the way and in answer to your question Dean Winchester. I would like to think that I am a good angel" scoffing to himself, he continued answering "but I suppose you could also say context is everything. So in this current one, I think you would disagree."
Dean looked up at Barachiel suddenly feeling as if the ground he was sitting on had become unsteady.
Sam swallowed the small laugh building inside in an effort to hide his amusement at his brother’s obvious discomfort at being caught in a compromising position with his best friend. He didn’t dare bring up the reason for the closed door policy to begin with “Um, yeah sure. I will make sure to knock when you and Cas are…” Sam gave a small nod towards the bed as he continued “Ahem... busy”
Sam wrinkled his brow not sure who Cas was talking about but then it suddenly occurred to him "Claire!"
"Our Father stopped and just studied Castiel for the longest time and then He said to him: 'Why, hello back to you...Castiel'. And then he leaned in and began to whisper with Castiel. Who did not react in anyway other than to nod at Father and smile."
Castiel looked over at his friend and looked directly at the one human he had truly loved. Naomi had been right about that, Castiel was lost to Dean Winchester the moment his celestial form grasped the man's tortured soul from the demon Alastair's grasp and carried it out of Perdition and now it was time for him to admit as much to his best friend and most beloved.
As Barachiel made his request. Dean tried to escape by studying the blue flowers of the mountain lupine surrounding them. He couldn't help but notice the deep blue outer petals of the flower as they opened up and arched away from the main bud. It reminded Dean of angels wings and the way they flared from the angels' body when they decided to flex them. Thinking about the flaring wings Dean then realized the blue of the flower also matched Cas' eyes when he allowed his Grace to shine through. As the wind picked up and began to stir the tips of the lupine stalks a green-eyed grasshopper landed clumsily on a flower and began to work its way around one of the "wings".
