“Yeah, no problem. I mean, you did have ice cream…” Steve joked, but suddenly stopped when he noticed Tony wince in pain, “Is something wrong?”
“I’m fine. Are you?”
“You mean the girl who iced you out and keeps giving you weird looks?” Steve asked, arching an eyebrow.
, he thought to himself and quickly shook his head, scolding himself for even thinking it because the last thing he needed was the universe to take it as a dare.
, she thought to herself,
Tony smirked. “Some luck, yeah”, he said, making Steve snort.
“You know him?” Bucky asked, even though he already knew the answer.
The newly engaged couple laughed and authorized Jarvis to open the elevator doors. Immediately, Clint jumped out.
“We can’t use the documents right away, though”, Tony intervened. They all looked at him, confused, so he explained, “If word gets out that the CEO and majority shareholder of Stark Industries has been double dealing, he’ll lose his shares and SI’s stock value will plummet. Thousands of people will be out of a job, all the charities SI supports will lose their financial support, and I’ll never get the company back”, he explained, “We can only use those documents after I get the company”.
Steve hugged her close, kissing her cheek as he got up. “I saw it, sweetheart. You look beautiful!”
“So… Not exactly how I planned on telling you my feelings for…” Steve could not finish, however, because Tony had grabbed him by the collar and pulled him down, smashing their mouths together in a kiss. Steve quickly held his waist, pulling him even closer as he deepened the kiss, feeling Tony’s hand slide from his neck to his hair.
“Uh, guys…”, Harley said, with a smirk, “…In my hometown we have a song called… Far Cry 4”.
. He carefully took the note and put it in the second drawer with the many other notes Mama Rhodes had sent over the years, and then, curious as to what delicious food Rhodey’s mom had sent them this time, opened the box. And then promptly started crying. He took one of the cookies, biting into it and closing his eyes, unable to keep the tears from falling.
“The target arrived two days ago in a private jet for a missile presentation. He spent the night in this Air Base and we left for a testing area near Kunar in the morning. The presentation happened as planned. The target was supposed to come back with me, but decided to join Beta Team instead. The convoy left at thirteen hundred hours, as planned”.
“That is the stupidest thing I ever heard, but I do understand the math behind it”.
more than just business partners. In fact, they were barely that, especially now that Stane had been selling them old tech and trying to pass it as new. Still, the blond sighed and replied.
“I checked your records. It said you’ve been at MIT for two years, but that’s bullshit. MIT has cameras everywhere and they keep the video records for at least two years so I hacked them. My AI reviewed all the footage and he didn’t find any trace of you guys. You just got here and you’re pretending to be a student so you can keep an eye on me. Am I wrong?”
“I guess”, Tony replied with a sigh.
“Wait, what. Are you guys…?” Clint started asking, looking even more confused.
“What do you think, JARVIS? Too formal?”
"I'm going to the cafeteria. Don't eat my Harry Potter beans", she warned, using said card to open the door.
“It’s fine, take as much time as you need, Doctor. It’s not like I forgot too much, I mean, I just forgot one person, right?” he said, trying to be positive.
“Hello, Anthony”.
“ARE YOU KIDDING ME, HOW COULD YOU DO THIS!”
Natasha and Bucky were standing next to them with a very irate Italian man screaming right behind them. Natasha had her blouse almost entirely open, with only one button done. Bucky stood right beside her, holding his pants on his arms and looking very pleased with himself. They didn’t have time to discuss this turn of events, however, because the owner quickly kicked them out on the street, barely giving Tony enough time to pay for their food. They stood outside, in the cold air, just staring at each other.
“I don’t need to fuck you to help you out, Tony…” Steve whispered, pulling his pants down a bit and mouthing his cock through his underwear, “Just relax, sweetheart”.
Steve smiled, kissing his mouth and then, gently, his nose. “Pizza first, then. And dessert after. Also, how did you know where I lived?”
Soon, more strange things started to happen. There was Lieutenant Wilton, who electrocuted himself while making repairs, even though he was one of the best engineers they had. Major Baldwin, who pressed the wrong button and ended up severely hurting five soldiers in a training exercise. But it was only after Dr. Kudrow accidentally poisoned herself after simply forgetting of putting on her mask before dealing with some very dangerous poisons that Ross truly started to think that maybe,
He looked at his friends and their reactions told him he had just said something really
“Both”.
“Damn, Brucie, forgot you were there”.
“No corpses. That’s good, right?”
“Is there no one else here?” he asked, looking around as they walked outside.
“Having PTSD doesn’t make you a nut job, Tony…”
After five minutes, the longest five minutes of all his life, a doctor walked in, dismissing the soldier with a polite
“Oh. That’s where you two had your first date, right?”
When he finally arrived, he saw Clint and Natasha sitting on the sofa, Vision and Wanda on the ground, talking in whispers, and Bruce just standing behind the couch, walking from one end to the other, a thoughtful expression on his face. Nat was the first one to spot the Winter Soldier and nodded at him.
And Tony had to admit. That hurt him worse than a kick in the balls. He had heard about Bucky, of course, he was in every single one of Steve’s stories. But it was obvious that Bucky had never heard of him.
Steve frowned. “I thought Thor was going to visit his family?”
“I guess”, he replied with a sigh.
“Enjoying the party?”
“That’s it?” Bucky asked, incredulous.
To be fair,
“Done!”
“Why is he calling me sir? Has it been three months or three years? Am I old? Rhodey, am I old? Be honest”.
So they walked side by side for a few blocks until they reached a food truck parked nearby Charles River. There was a long line to place their orders, so they talked while they waited.
Peter ignored his laments and turned back to the rest of the group. “Ok, it’s obvious what just happened. Loki is messing with us”.
, he thought to himself before succumbing to the darkness.
“Yeah, and we’re only saying this because you’re usually too dumb to notice these things”, Sam completed, earning a nod of agreement from Bucky.
“YOU MADE OUT WITH HIM?” Clint exclaimed from the back seat and then promptly laughed out loud, “Holy shit, dude, did you get to second base?”
Agent Coulson got up, buttoning his suit, and walked towards the wall, where a map suddenly appeared.
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm guessing I won't get my computer back and working any time soon so I'm using my tablet and a shitty tiny keyboard to write, which means smaller chapters. I hope you guys don't mind.
“Are you suggesting SHIELD should become some sort of shady organization?”
Steve nodded, looking very confused.
“So, what made you change your mind?”
Seeming satisfied with the answer, the five year old took a huge bite out of his sandwich, pulling his plate closer to his chest when his uncle Bucky tried to steal some for himself.
and how amazing
“Eight days?”
“And the plot thickens”, Clint whispered, earning himself some very dirty looks from Bucky and Sam.
“Well, sir…”, the man replied, slightly trembling, “I’m not Tony Stark”.
. They rode in silence, holding hands as the elevator went up. The blonde kept sneaking glances at Tony, frowning when he noticed how sad his partner looked. He didn’t say anything, though. Just exited the elevator, still holding Tony’s hand, and they both walked to their room in silence.
With a thoughtful look on his face, Tony took a small flash drive from one of the compartments of his armor, putting it on the closes USB port he could find.
Bucky and Sam didn’t reply, choosing to giggle between themselves like children. The door suddenly opened with a bang, making both men jump. Steve smiled and kneeled down, opening his arms wide.
“Must have been one hell of a growth spurt”, Tony laughed.
“I haven’t been here since the funeral. I asked the company that cleans the house to keep everything the way it was, so I knew what to expect when I got here, I just…”
"SHIELD has your crew in custody. They found Steve Rogers' body. He's here".
“Champagne will do”, Steve replied in an angry tone, throwing the liquid right on the man’s face.
Feeling impatient, Tony skipped a few minutes on the video.
He was so tired he almost didn’t see the post-it stuck on the elevator doors. He frowned at the small, yellow piece of paper before taking it.
“But… How?”
“Tony”, Steve whispered, taking his partner’s face on his hands, “I could never be happy without you. Even when I didn’t remember you, I could feel something was missing. And even when you told me to go for it with Bonnie, every single second I spent with her I kept thinking something was wrong, that I was doing something wrong. It felt like I was cheating and I had no idea why”.
Steve stood in the middle of the sidewalk, feeling horribly confused. He stared at the store on the other side of the street and then at the small piece of paper in his hands. He’d confirmed the address a thousand times already and he was definitely at the right place. He’d been expecting some sort of hospital or fancy lab. He definitely hadn’t expected an antiques store. Still feeling slightly confused, Steve crossed the street.
“Guys, we’re our characters right now. So we have their powers. We use those!”
“A DM is someone who creates the adventure we’re gonna go on. They come up with the plot for the adventure and play every other character in the world”, Ned explained and, seeing Loki’s confused look, quickly added, “They control the narrative”.
tear them from Steve, he heard it. The most beautiful sound in the world.
“I missed you too, sweetheart. Don’t worry, I’m okay”, he said before the engineer could ask, taking his face in his hands and kissing him. Tony winced slightly at the touch, making Steve frown.
“Actually, I was about to go there right now, so, Tony, what’s your poison?” Sam immediately chimed in, getting up.
Tony turned around and almost slammed into a small, blond man. He was definitely standing out, with his old looking shirt and pants and glasses so big they covered half his face.
“She won’t be able to control us because this room is sealed with magic”.
“That’s all very sad, but it doesn’t explain why the hell you’re using a fake name”, Bucky interrupted, earning a glare from Steve as soon as he opened his mouth.
“Right”, she replied, getting up, “Are you okay?”
“For now. We can’t stay here forever. You need to call them”.
, he thought.
It didn’t take long for them to arrive at the big, ugly tower with a huge
like a couple of teenagers.
Hey everyone! Hope you're all safe. My computer is not working and I had to buy a new hard drive for it :( Long story short, it's being repaired so no computer for me. On the bright side, did you guys know you can plug an old keyboard to your Xbox One and write your fanfiction there, directly on the AO3 website? 'Cause that's exactly what I did. So, small chapter for all of you, directly from my Xbox lol I hope you like it and I hope I'll have my computer soon to write the next chapter lol Leave kudos and a comment if you like it, and please don't mind the mistakes... I'll re-read it on the weekend to fix whatever is wrong lol
your little band of misfits will go on? And you must do so, without complain?”
I created, the thing my guardian… Obadiah wanted… It’s a missile”.
Looking very confused, Bucky got up and followed Natasha towards the bathrooms on the back. At that moment, Steve and Tony took a second to look around and finally noticed that the restaurant was virtually empty.
“Jarvis? Who’s Jarvis?”
“Is that what he told you? He told
“Buck?!” he shouted when he finally recognized the man, “What the hell are you doing here?”
Steve, who had his head bent forward, shaking his hair his hands in an attempt to dry his hair, quickly looked up, a very rude answer already on the tip of his tongue when he stopped in his tracks. He stared at the beautiful man in front of him, his mouth agape, looking like a complete idiot.
“His name is DUM-E?”, Steve asked, softly petting the claw, who chirped as if it were happy.
“Really? So what am I, Steve?”
There were many types of “drunk” in the world. The depressed drunks, like Bruce; the loose all my inhibitions drunk, like Thor ― which was how Bruce and Thor got together in the first place, when the latter decided to drink an entire bottle of vodka and recited a Scandinavian love poem to the scientist, who wept during the entire thing thinking Thor was professing his love to someone else. There were the happy drunks, like Sam and Clint who transformed any party into a karaoke party after a few drinks, and the “you can’t even tell I’m drunk” type, like Natasha. Then, there was the worst kind of drunk: the “let’s do something stupid that sounds really funny and ingenious now that we’re super drunk but will definitely come bite us in the ass later” kind of drunk, which was precisely the type of drunk Steve and Bucky were.
written on the top. He exited the car, buttoning his suit and walked inside the building. A red headed woman in a suit quickly came to greet him.
And with a final nod, Natasha grabbed Bucky by the shirt and pretty much dragged him to the car parked nearby.
“I know you think I didn’t choose you. But, you know, ma used to tell me that sometimes we’re too blinded by the world to actually see what’s right in front of us. So sometimes fate helps. And I think it really was fate who made you cold enough to steal Sharon’s sweater. Because, honestly? I can’t imagine what my life would be like without you. And I thank fate everyday for knowing better than I did. I may not have chosen you that day, Tony, but I swear I’m gonna choose you every day for the rest of my life. Because I love you. I really do. Can you please give me another chance?”
“What’s rule number one?”
“Yes”, Barton nodded, proud.
“Well, yeah”, Clint replied, instantly defensive, “I mean, you’ve been together for two years, pretty much ever since you got defrosted like an overgrown chicken on steroids, and you always talk about how you’re going to spend the rest of your lives together. It was a safe assumption”.
His mother cried when he told her. She even begged him not to do it. But he had no choice. She needed the treatment and that was the only way he could pay for it. The army was a hard choice, but it was the right one. Even if he died, at least his mother would get enough money to pay for part of the treatment. It was all he could do. So he enlisted that same afternoon. Passing the ASVAB was easy. The real problem was the medical exam.
“Oh, it’s a
“I believe that you believe that you saw her walking”, he replied, smiling at the little girl when she held his face with both hands, babbling something intelligible.
“AM NOT!”, Bucky protested, lightly punching Rhodey in the arm.
“Cool”, Clint nodded, fist bumping Bucky.
Natasha took the device from her ear, putting it back on her purse, and sighed. She’d have to warn those three idiots about the imminent threat. She didn’t even want to think about what exactly Peggy Carter would do to them if they failed this mission.
“How come
“There’s plenty to talk about, Tony. I know you have a plan, a different plan from your aunt’s. I’m here, I can help… Just let me in”, he pleaded, holding Tony’s hands across the table that separated them.
“The only people who knew he was coming were me, his aunt and his business partner. The soldiers only found out when we left for the presentation. Even if someone had tipped off the Ten Rings, they would need at least a full day to move that much fire power to our exact location. It’s not impossible, but it’s just… highly unlikely”.
Suddenly, many windows appeared out of thin air, all around Steve. News about the LGBTQ+ pride parade, about the legalization of same sex marriage in many places, even pictures and videos of said marriages.
“Yeah, Michele just did that with a goblin!”
Tony looked to his side, brown eyes meeting blue ones for the first time in three weeks, watching as his boyfriend smiled at him. And he wept.
“Uh… Steve actually sent them to, uh… Well, he told the kid to give them to the one in the red sweater”.
They found Tony sitting in the waiting area, hands on his head, crying softly. Wanda was sitting beside him. She looked up when she noticed the others approaching and threw them a very sad look, pursing her lips.
The offer surprised both of them, Steve most of all. His eyes widened comically, as if he couldn’t believe the words had just come out of his mouth.
men”, she completed, slightly squeezing the armrests beneath her hands.
“No. We’re not going to tell him”.
“You look incredible, Tony”.
Natasha sighed and got up, putting her gun back on its holster. “Is she ok?”
He had woken up that morning with a smile on his face, thinking about his date with Tony. In fact, he had gone to sleep the night before thinking about the handsome mechanic and, even though he didn’t quite remember dreaming, he would bet half his fortune that Tony had been on his mind all night long.
“So, we can contest the validity of the will?”, Steve asked the lawyer, Matthew something, while squeezing Tony’s hand at the same time.
Tony ignored his partner and kneeled, gesturing for his daughter to come to him.
, “Just be ready for us, ok? ETA 15 minutes”. And then silence.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What strenuous activities?” Steve turned to his boyfriend, worried, “Did something happen? Did you get hurt at the lab again?”
“Nah”, Tony denied, gesturing with his hand as if the whole thing was no big deal, “It’s fine, I mean, what are you going to do, introduce me to everyone as your fuck buddy? That would be awkward, right?”
“N…No, ma’am?” he stuttered.
As always, if you like this, leave kudos and a comment! I'm in dire need of good things cause life has been awful these past weeks, and comments always make me happy! ❤️
“Yes”.
They were at a fancy bakery in Manhattan, surrounded by couples who were, much like them, deciding on flavors and designs for their wedding cakes. Steve was looking down at his own table, staring at the cupcakes and pieces of cake neatly aligned in front of him, the fancy glass of sparkling water on his right and the three tiny cups filled with different toppings for him to sample. The whole experience was surreal. He didn’t know how to act. Bucky, however, was not having such a problem.
Clint snorted. “Okay, but that complicates things, right? How are we going to make Steve fall in love with Tony if there’s something blocking it or whatever?”
They stood there for a moment in complete silence before Natasha finally spoke.
Overall, Steve could not be happier. Everything was working perfectly in his life. His boyfriend, who he loved very much and who loved him in return, was starting to trust him enough to share more and more about his previous life. His friends not only accepted his boyfriend, but also welcomed him to the group with arms wide open, treating him like he was one of them. And, of course, the cherry on top: Steve and Tony had confessed their deep feelings for each other and were now officially a couple. Life could not be more perfect, which was probably why destiny decided to throw some rain on their parade.
“I thought about getting you in the deal, at first, but I know you too well. You’re a naïve, pathetic little boy who believes the world is rainbows and sunshine”, he brought the device closer to his own face, looking at it, rotating it in his hand, before putting it right over Tony’s arc reactor. His eyes widened as he felt a terrible pressure on his chest and he watched helplessly as Stane took away the only thing that was keeping him alive.
“Nat… that changes everything!”
, the voice insisted.
“He’s not thinking straight”, Tiberius Stone replied from the floor, “He’s… Look, I wanted to get back at Tony for leaving me, but I’m not insane. I don’t kidnap and kill people, alright? But Stane was acting weird these days, like nothing mattered anymore”.
“Shit, same encryption as the door, I’m guessing”.
After a heavy make out session, Tony decided it was time to start working on his device. The engineer was more determined than ever to bring Stane to justice and put Stark Industries back on the tracks. Steve sat on the old couch in the back and listened to Tony as he worked. He talked about putting an end to the weapons part of the company and about pouring all his resources on green energy and medical technology. He told Steve about all his plans, his ideas for making the world a better place, passion dripping from every word. They didn’t even notice the time flying by, and only realized how late it was when JARVIS announced Bucky’s arrival.
He threw himself at Steve, hugging him as he sobbed, whispering
“WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT, STEVIE?! You called and said Tony was missing and then you say you found him and then you go all weird and quiet, turn off your comm and don’t pick up your goddamn phone? I THOUGHT SOMETHING HAPPENED TO YOU!” Bucky shouted right back, putting his gun away and looking exasperated, “Is everything alright?”
“It was a surprise”.
“I don’t remember which one, but everybody was super curious. Especially because one of the chief engineers was supposed to be doing a special project there or something”, she stepped back from the table and smiled at Natasha, “Well, enough gossip. I need to go; the others must be waiting for me. Are you sure you don’t want to join us?”
, something was amiss in the facility. And by then it was already too late.
Tony smiled. “I had no other choice”, he said, and when Steve shot him a confused look, he replied, “Who am I to go against fate, right?”
, he thought to himself.
“Well, they have us. So we’re going to fix this for them”, Bucky replied, putting the chain in his pocket, “But first, we need to come up with a plan”.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve suddenly looked defeated. “Three months”, he whispered.
Everyone, including Tony, looked at him, confused.
“I believe you. But a guy with a criminal record? You’ll be an easy target. Listen, I don’t want you, you’re small fish. I want the big guy. So put me in the right path and I’ll help you out”.
Steve huffed, “Yeah. I have a bad feeling about all this”.
They all nodded in agreement. Suddenly, Steve’s phone rang. He immediately picked it up.
“Wait… You guys hear that?” Ned asked, shushing his friends and stepping closer to the pathway.
“HE’S CRASHING”, Dr. Cho’s shout entered his ears, “WE’RE LOSING HIM”.
“What’s going on?”
Steve shrugged, still looking confused.
“Do you know if the previous will said that as well? Do you know if this clause was added or modified in the second will?”
“CLEAR”, Steve heard Clint shout from one side.
“Or texted. Is there anything that needs my attention right now?”
“Oh my God. That’s Pepper!”
Days passed with no news. Natasha was growing more and more frustrated every day and it was noticeable by the way she sounded angrier every time they talked about the Beesly issue. There was no evidence that the man had actually run away – no credit card trail, no car, no sign of him on any of the city cameras. Natasha was sure he’d been killed, his body disposed off somewhere untraceable, and she was determined to find out where and how the poor man had died.
“Not exactly in a hurry”, Tony replied, looking at the computer screen, “Look, they just got up and started walking”.
“So, this entire year we spent together was just you pretending to like me to spare my feelings?”
And in that moment, Steve finally realized…
Well, this was... A very stupid story and I hope you guys have fun lol
“Just discussing what we’re going to order tonight”, she lied flawlessly and without blinking, “Are you and Tony having dinner with us?”
Everyone cheered and got up, waking towards the ballroom.
Cassie snorted loudly while Ned and Peter tried to control their laughter.
“Oh, this is bad”, Bruce broke the silence, shaking his head.
Immediately, Tony collapsed in his arms, sobbing as he hugged his boyfriend back.
“Pretty sure they still have the cartoon shaped hole in the wall right there”, Pepper added, snickering.
“Yeah. Her name’s Bonnie, she’s a real swell girl. We went to this little Italian restaurant down the block…”
“Tony told me something. He and Stane talked right after the guy showed him the pictures. Stane told him he filed an injunction against Tony yesterday morning. He was probably the one who told the board and the press that he has PTSD”.
“Tony”, Steve started saying, squeezing his hand once more, but Bucky interrupted him.
Tony straightened his head, looking directly at Steve.
“Well, good, at least
“What…?”
But, as Thaddeus Ross would later find out, that had been just the beginning.
“My name is Harold. Doctor Harold Beesly. I work at Stark Industries, sir. It is very nice to meet you”, he said, extending a hand, which Tony promptly took.
It was a warm Thursday evening when things started to get a little bit more complicated.
“Alright, let’s go”.
“Yes. Let’s start with your name, shall we? Because we checked with some friends and Tony Carbonell doesn’t exist”, Natasha replied, looking untroubled as she sipped the rest of her drink.
Steve came out of the bathroom a few minutes later wearing a Star Wars t-shirt (“I would make a Star Wars pun but I don’t want to
“Yes, Tony, a party. Come on, it’s been three years since we beat that giant purple asshole and we should celebrate it. We survived! We saved the world! Let’s party”.
A trip down memory lane...
Steve sighed and shook his head. “No. You’re not wrong. Bucky and I are SHIELD agents and we’re here to make sure no one tries anything against you. Director Carter was… Well, she was worried”.
Tony turned his attention back to the screen, typing away for a few seconds. “No can do. The feed is being blocked by something”.
“That’s… That’s actually very reasonable. You know,
“Yes. If he’s involved with Stane, then you can bet he is the one responsible for Stane’s security. And that complicates things”, Tony explained with a sigh.
He really really wasn’t.
“Well, of course she did, you’re always talking around her”.
OMG OMG OMG DID YOU GUYS SEE THAT
The woman smiled at the night guard as she exited the elevator, biding him a good night. She walked towards her car, the clicking of her stilettos echoing through the empty garage. Natalie Rushmore disappeared as soon as she entered the car, giving way for Natasha Romanov to appear with a tired sigh. She took a small device from her purse and put in her ear, pressing it just as she began to drive away.
“You just want me to go so you can kiss dad again”.
thing?”
“Oh, it will be, Rushmore”, he said with a pleased smile before leaving.
“So, not only you’re accusing me of being in love with Tony, you’re also calling me dumb?” Steve asked deadpanned.
hadn’t decided anything. Bucky had just thrown a tantrum saying the beautiful, very expensive hotel they had rented was not ideal and they should just call off the wedding and wait for the beautiful space at the hotel upstate to be available. There was an eight months waiting list, but hey, it was worth the wait. It took Tony less than three minutes on the phone to get it for them at the exact date Bucky wanted. So yeah, that plan had backfired.
Steve was pacing in the waiting room. He’d never been this worried in his entire life. Well, that wasn’t strictly true. He’d been pretty worried when Bucky and Sam – those dumbasses –  had tried to put up Christmas lights while drunk… in February. Dumbasses. He shook his head, trying to clear his head, and looked over at the corridor again, hoping to see the doctor or the very helpful nurse who had taken Tony away in a wheelchair, but there was no one there. With yet another sigh, he averted his eyes and started pacing again.
A hologram suddenly appeared in front of them. A picture. The man had blond hair and big glasses covering half his face. Tony felt all the air leave his lungs at once, as it became harder to breathe.
was and
The words felt like ash in his mouth, but he didn’t let it show. Steve looked at him for a moment, thoughtful, before smiling and nodding.
Steve suddenly felt a warm sensation around his wrist. He looked down and saw the bracelet Strange had given them emitting a shy, orange light for a moment and then going back to normal once more. The Avengers exchanged a worried look.
“Michele Pffeifer’s got nothing on you, babe”.
They walked for what felt like hours through the dense forest, carefully watching every step and sometimes kicking some twigs they found on the way. The forest was strangely silent, no birds singing, no animals running around the bushes, just the eerie silence that seemed to weigh on them with every step they took. Suddenly, Michele stopped and raised her finger to her lips, gesturing for the others to be quiet.
“Would you like to hold him?” Maria asked in greeting as soon as her tired eyes landed on Margaret, carefully lifting the small, blue bundle in her arms in the brunette’s direction. She accepted the baby, cradling his head as she raised him closer to her own face.
“No, I’ll call a cab. I’d like to be alone tonight. I’ll talk to you tomorrow”, and with a final wave, Tony left the bar leaving a brokenhearted Steve behind.
“Shall we begin, then?”
“Weren’t you tortured, brainwashed and frozen like a very bad ice cream?”
“Of course”.
It didn’t look very nice anymore. Blood, corpses, destroyed buildings. And then… He saw it. His hands twitched slightly as he stared at Abu Bakaar’s face, as he stared at the many boxes they were carrying. Boxes with his name on them.
Carefully as to not call attention to himself, Peter used his very sharp nail to open the lock on the cage ― something he was certain he’d never done before in his life, not even in his human form. Upon hearing the click, the bear opened the metal door with his head and roared in delight, walking out of the cage. The goblins, finally realizing what was happening, froze in fear as the gigantic bear glared at them. He huffed and roared again, and took off after the goblins, who panicked and desperately tried to get away from the huge beast.
“You think she knows that you made out with her godson?”
On his first day in captivity, Tony cried, scared. On his second and third days, he spent all his time looking outside the window, hoping his father would show up with the police. On the fourth, he cried again, convinced that his father, who had never much cared for him anyway, would not pay the ransom to get back a good for nothing son he didn’t even want. Through the fifth to the seventh day, he carefully observed the three men that had taken him, taking notes on what they did and at what time, and memorizing all possible escape routes. On the eighth and ninth day, he managed to steal everything he needed. On the tenth day, he set the small bomb to go off minutes after he was taken from his room for his bathroom break, successfully hurting one of the criminals and confusing the two others long enough to be able to slip past them and into a small hole that took him to the garage, where he hotwired the car and got the hell out of there without looking back. Needless to say, everyone, including the police officers, was very surprised when the eleven year old showed up at his home in a car he’d stolen from his own kidnappers. That day, as Howard proudly told the police, and whoever would hear it, that Stark men needed no one but themselves to get out of a bad situation was the day that Tony learned he couldn’t count on anyone, ever. And he’d lived by this all his life. Which was why it was so strange, and even scary, for him to be sitting there, in the middle of Steve’s living room, listening to all these people eagerly and determinedly planning to take down Obadiah and discussing how to restore Tony as the sole heir and CEO of Stark Industries.
“No, Steve, it wasn’t your fault”, Tony tried to protest, but Steve shook his head.
Steve sat there, in silence, staring at Tony.
“Go for the heads, Tony!” Clint screamed, and the engineer did as he was told, blasting the animated corpses with amazing agility.
“What now?” Steve asked with a frown, “You think you could blast the gates open…”
“Uh, hello?”
and they said I don’t exist?”
“No, really, it’s in the book”, Tony replied, turning his tablet so Steve could see it too, “My feet are supposed to get bigger too”.
Steve shrugged. “Doesn’t feel like long, does it?”
“Not yet, sir, but I’ll finish them tonight”, she replied.
“Have a goodnight, sir”.
“Oh, no, I’m so clumsy, I’m so sorry”, Natasha suddenly exclaimed, taking some napkins from the table and trying to clean Bucky’s shirt, now soaked with red wine, “Come on, let’s go to the bathroom, if we wash it now it won’t stain”.
“Oh, shit! Tony, are you okay?”
Tony sighed and looked away, staring at the clouds just beyond the glass window.
“How do you know that?” Bruce asked, curious.
“So that’s why we were contacted through the super secret channel”, the blonde man said as if he’d just had an epiphany.
(See the end of the chapter for
There were six bodies on the floor, all torn to pieces; arms and legs laid around in pools of blood, and heads smashed in. The whole scene was enough to make even Steve gag. He took his eyes from the violent scene on the floor and looked around, just noticing the weird blood marks on the walls, as if the victims had been slammed from one side of the room to the other until their heads cracked and their limbs came apart like they were nothing more than some poorly made ragdolls.
inside the building had to have heard it too. He ran as far as he could, but his body was still weak from the paralysis, still not quite responding to Tony’s commands the way it should.
, he thought to himself.
When Steve was sure Tony was out of earshot, he turned to his best friend, angry.
“Relax, man. Have some sleep, I’ll keep an eye on Tony and you can talk to him tomorrow morning”.
“Yeah, sure, pasta sounds good”, Bucky replied, sitting down on the kitchen aisle and watching his best friend cook, smiling as if nothing was wrong, completely unaware that he had lost the love of his life for the second time.
“It’s… Hard to explain. When we were on the date, it was like my brain kept going
amused”, he said, smiling when he heard Steve laugh. The blonde pulled him closer and they both walked to the kitchen, taking plates and glasses and bringing them to the living room.
with his Tony.
“Do we have to invite Stark?”
“You tell the press that he has a serious psychiatric disorder”.
. He sat there for a moment, hands on the wheel, just staring at nothing. A few weeks ago, after such an awful day, Steve would want nothing more than to go home, take a long, relaxing shower and just fall asleep watching old cartoons. That night, though, he found that his usual plans didn’t sound as good as they’d have weeks before. In that moment, all he could think about was burying his nose in Tony’s neck and holding him close. If he closed his eyes, he could almost smell the musky scent mixed with the accentuated smell of metal that exuded from the mechanic’s skin.
“Hey”.
Steve just stared at the doctor for a second, unsure on how to answer that. “Is this a test?”
“Nonsense! It is always an honor to be in your company, son of Stark, and I would be honored if you gave me the pleasure of this dance”.
Tony shrugged and then looked away, touching his chest where, unbeknownst to Steve, the arc reactor was, his heavy weight a constant reminder that the engineer would carry forever, “I guess… I thought maybe I could use some more friends”.
“I don’t know”, he answered, pulling a chair and sitting in front of Steve, “I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to forgive you. You lied to me for years, Rogers.”
“How did you dislocate your jaw, anyway?”
He opened his eyes slowly and found himself gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles were white. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself down. Would it be too weird if he called Tony and asked to come over? They had talked about meeting on Friday because of Steve’s busy schedule, but… he honestly didn’t think he could wait until then. Maybe he shouldn’t. They’d been on one date so far and maybe calling today, just to sleep over, would give Tony the wrong impression and he certainly didn’t want that. The mechanic was special and Steve wanted to make sure he knew just how special he was to him. So, with a heavy sigh, he decided to just send him a text saying goodnight. He didn’t expect, however, to find an unread text from Tony on his cell phone. The message brought a huge smile on his face.
“Did you… Did you just take the frosting from my face with your thumb and licked it?”
Steve was happy. Happier than he had been in a very long time and it was clear everyone else had noticed it as well.
Tony closed his eyes, feeling Natasha’s fingers through his hair. “No one ever wanted me for me, Nat. Every person I ever dated, and almost every person I ever met. Jack wanted my money. Tiberius wanted my company. Sunset wanted my secrets. Rumiko wanted my reputation. And then, there was Steve”, he whispered, tears in his eyes, “Steve knows me. He knows the real me, the me that hides behind a mask every day to face the world. He looked at me, with all my beauty and all my ugly, and loved me for who I am. I don’t want him to be with me because it has to. I want him to be with me because he wants to. And I know that might be selfish, but I can’t, Nat. I can’t”.
“That’s ok. It’s not giving me any trouble, so it’s fine”.
, he’d said, earning himself a glare from his friend every time. Steve knew he wasn’t far from the truth, though. There were situations that really did make Steve burn from the inside, a flame that engulfed his mind and made him reckless most of the time. For Steve, rage was loud as a thunder, burning red like a flame inside of him. He’d thought that it was like that for everyone, until earlier that night.
“Great. So, I live close by so maybe we could meet here?”
“Turns out I really was the Merchant of Death”, he said with a huff, “But now… Now I finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it’s right. And I can’t turn back. I can’t be the person that I was before. I need to do this”.
“Wait, you thought we were dating?” They asked each other at the same time, looking horrified with the very idea.
Steve snorted yet again, shaking his head at Tony.
“Perhaps, in the beginning, master Rogers had a different idea of what love could be. Maybe, before you showed up, love had the face and shape of Miss Carter. And perhaps, when fate put you in his path, he realized love was much different from what he believed it to be”.
“Wait, we’re breaking up now?”
“No”.
“Fine”.
Everybody was staring in silence. The man, Rhodey, was looking at him, an eyebrow raised, waiting for Steve to talk.
“Wow, how long have we been here?”
“I licked that”.
“Thanks. We’ll get in contact”.
“Hey, what are you guys talking about?”
“It wasn’t your fault. And Bucky and I talked so we’ll be fine eventually”, the mechanic replied, shrugging, and then sighed, “I’m sorry I didn’t answer your calls. Or your texts”.
Tony simply nodded.
“Wait, Coulson watches Hannah Montana?” Steve whispered and Tony tried to swallow a laugh.
partner ― sometime, but right now the wound was still bleeding. He needed time. He would get over Steve, of course he would, but not now. Not right now. He was distracted by his thoughts that he yelped in surprise when he felt a hand on his waist, pulling in into a strong chest.
And with that, Steve shoved the last piece of waffle in his mouth while putting his plate inside the dishwasher and left with a final wave.
“Yeah, that’s the one. Real nice place, they have these…”
“Your hope knows no bounds”, he replied with a laugh.
“For the hundredth time, I’m not that kind of doctor. I don’t know how to fix that”.
“Is my cock even that big?”
“What? What’s happening?”  Peter asked, changing back to his human form.
The trickster god, however, merely raised an eyebrow once more. And then, a smile slowly appeared on his lips.
, he thought, walking towards the mechanic.
“He’ll be persuaded of nothing! Boy is just as much a stubborn ass as his father! He needs to be gone so
The mechanic bit his lip, looking down at the box of pizza he was holding and then back at Steve.
“I like dates”.
“Look, I am
Steve was pretty sure he had never looked more stupid in his entire life. He just kept looking at Tony, opening his mouth and closing it again.
“Makes sense, I showed him the Netflix series last week”, Harley added with a shrug.
“So gross. I’m so happy for you guys. We’re just missing one tiny little thing”.
, “a dream”.
“Sweetheart, you’re perfect. I’m not worried about that, I’m worried that they’ll eat you alive. My friends tend to be a bit… overprotective”.
“When was that?”
“I could fuck you”.
“Did you just call my highly advanced hologram technology a toy?”
Steve frowned, thinking. “Last thing I remember is making breakfast and eating it before leaving for a run. I made pancakes”.
“He was being a dick to me because I missed his birthday”, Rhodes explained, shaking his head with a fond smile, “Said he rather go in the
“Stevie, please tell me you’re joking. This is a mission!
“There, now we’ve all got stories to laugh about. Now, if you all excuse, me and my big cock are gonna have a long shower with my boyfriend”.
“Raining cats and dogs? Who even says that?” the other man laughed, cleaning his hands on a dirty rag before throwing it at a nearby table, “So, what happened?” he asked, nodding his head in the direction of the car.
, “I put a code on it, something not even the best hacker in the world could crack. It was important and expensive”,
“Indeed. Do you honestly think I would put two very unexperienced men to spy on my genius godson? I
The calls came during the night and then again the next morning. Every time his phone rang, Tony would take it and stare at it, fighting the urge to answer it just to hear Steve’s soothing voice again. But he couldn’t. He had to be strong. So every time, with tears in his eyes, he would press the decline button, hoping that maybe the blonde would take a hint. He had just ignored yet another call from Steve when he heard the unmistakable noise of a motorcycle outside his shop. He looked up just in time to see Bucky taking off his helmet. The man looked sheepishly at Tony.
“Yeah, well, you’re supposed to keep people out, J.”, Tony replied, finally getting up from the floor with a grimace.
Bucky and Steve just looked at each other, not knowing what to say. Tony, probably thinking they were speechless out of gratitude for the gesture, got up from his chair, phone in hand.
“What are you guys talking about?”, Bucky asked, this time stealing Tony’s coffee.
Steve stood there, not really understanding what he had done wrong.
property now. He said he would come back with some lawyers, get things straight. So I ran away”.
“Seriously? I leave for five minutes!”
The three agents stayed silent, unsure about what to say.
“To call Strange. I’m sure he can
“She’s a mutant, then”.
And so, they took the elevator up. It was time to find Ross.
He had fifteen missed calls, ten from Bucky and five from Maria. He knew he was about to get an earful from both of them, especially from his best friend, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. He was happy. No, scratch that, he was… Well, Clint would probably describe it as “so happy you’re probably shitting rainbows”, which, truth be told, was a very apt description of how he felt at the moment. He couldn’t stop smiling. He also couldn’t stop thinking about Tony and their night together. And their morning together. And the shower they took together. And the very heated make out session right before Steve left, which almost turned into a christening of the kitchen table. And then the stairs.
Harley snorted. “Penetrated”, he repeated between giggles, earning a very stern look from Michele.
“Come on…”, he whispered, trying to get closer to Steve, which was, all things considered, not very easy due to his huge pregnant belly. He managed to get close enough to plant a kiss right under his ear and whispered, “Fuck me, Steve”.
They tried everything. Still, Steve wouldn’t budge. Every time someone as much as mentioned Tony, he would grow quiet, defensive, and would change the subject as soon as possible. It was very frustrating, but they refused to give up. Tony and Steve deserved to be together, they belong to each other, and the team would fight to their last breath to unite the two soulmates again.
“Yes, yes. Virginia? Please, bring us some scotch”.
“Oh, come on, you heard the speech”, Bucky complained from the other side of the crowd.
Tony knew he had to go to school sometime. He couldn’t avoid Steve, and everyone else, forever. But he was so
“I’m not sure, it just stopped working. This car is a piece of crap”.
“Look, your plan sucked, ok? So we came up with a better one!” Barton complained, “And I’m pretty sure Steve only passed out because he was getting his memories back!”
The bell rang as he walked through the door. Soon, an old lady appeared.
Neither of them talked as they made themselves breakfast, although Steve would sometimes glance at Tony. He finally broke the silence after a long sigh.
“J., was that you?”
“I’m leaving, Tony”.
The corners of Rhode’s mouth went slightly up at the last one as he clearly tried to stop himself from laughing. Steve was very used to that reaction and so he didn’t take offense in it.
“Indeed we are, master Anthony. But… Perhaps we could give you something to think about?”
“That’s nice, that’s nice”, Bucky said in a tone that clearly meant it was not nice at all.
. He was getting ready to get up and go straight to the workshop when the elevator doors opened and the rest of the Avengers stepped out, all smiling.
“So, which one are you gonna get?”, Tony asked, seeming completely unaware of Steve’s struggle.
“Look how hard you are for me, Mr. Rogers”, he whispered in his ear, taking Steve’s hard cock in his hand and pumping it once, making him moan out loud.
“Well, this is a dead guy…”
“You don’t know him. He’s not like any other civilian. He…” But whatever he was, they would never know because Rhodes was interrupted by a sudden loud noise that sounded an awful lot like an explosion.
A moment of silence,
“Are you okay?” Steve whispered in his ear, kissing his head.
“How about this time we start with a date?”
“That’s mean. You’re being mean to a pregnant person, that’s just not very patriotic of you”.
“Just water for me, please”, Tony replied.
It took them a good few minutes to finally arrive at the last room, at the end of the long corridor. This room, unlike the others, was much more spacious and less destroyed. There were bodies scattered around, much like everywhere else they’ve been, with their eyes wide and unseeing, making for a very unsettling scene. Steve and Tony walked in, side by side, looking around, trying to find anything of importance.
Days passed before he saw Natasha again. As it turned out, her parents had decided to enroll her in the same school as Tony, hoping that she would feel better if she knew at least one person there. The entire day, the little girl stayed as far away from every other child as possible, avoiding any contact with her classmates. Some children didn’t really mind and didn’t much care to have the strange new girl in their group of friends, so they merely ignored her. But, of course, there were some other children who took Natasha’s behavior as a personal offense. It was lunch time when Justin Hammer and his little gang found the red headed girl in the playground, eating an apple, all alone. Anthony was sitting over at the bench, eating his delicious peanut butter and jam in peace when he saw what was about to happen. He watched with wide eyes as Justin knocked the apple from Natasha’s hand and called her names. And then, without realizing what exactly he was doing, he marched towards the boys and kicked Justin’s knee as hard as he could. Of course, that was a big mistake, because a) Tony was small and thin and very weak and b) Justin and his entire gang had now turned their attention to Tony instead of Natasha. One of the boys punched him so hard he fell to the ground, immediately grabbing his own nose, trying to stop the blood that was coming out of it in oozes. He closed his eyes, readying himself for the kicks and punches that would soon follow… but nothing happened. Instead, he heard a few painful grunts and a very high pitched scream. When he finally opened his eyes, he saw all four boys lying on the ground, moaning in pain, and Natasha standing over then, a furious look on her face. She suddenly turned to look at Tony, who was staring at her like she was superhero, and smiled at him, offering her hand. Needless to say, they all ended up in detention and Natasha and Tony became inseparable.
“What?”
Leave kudos and comments!
Still, nothing happened.
“Not tonight. Tonight,
And at this very moment, Tony knew. This was it. It was over. Maybe it should have never happened in the first place. So many times they had tried to be together and then something would come and ruin it. SHIELD falling, the accords, Siberia, Thanos. Maybe the universe was trying to tell them something, show them that it was better this way, that they weren’t meant to be together, that their story would never have a happy ending so they better just stop now and move on. When the realization finally hit him, Tony didn’t cry. In fact, he felt nothing. No sadness, no pain. His whole body was numb, his mind empty. He merely held his coffee mug, the only source of warmth he had at that moment, and looked at Steve.
“This isn’t your fault, Stevie”, Bucky immediately replied, “We were supposed to keep an eye on him. We got distracted. I’m sorry”.
“She recognized my voice”, he whispered.
“Here, let me”, Steve offered the Lieutenant, carefully taking the smaller man in his arms.
, she said after a brief silence,
Matthew nodded. “Alright. I’ll get in contact with Hogarth and request a copy of the will today. But, be warned, as soon as I do, Stane will be notified of it”.
“Just say it. Come on”, he huffed, putting his coffee down.
It was like the world suddenly came to a stop. Steve stared at a smirking Tony with wide eyes, and found himself completely lost for words.
“You’re insatiable, have I told you that?”
“Tony?”
, Tony thought to himself. He didn’t understand. Steve always loved when he talked during the movies, he said it was endearing and the commentary ― mostly Tony pointing out the scientific mistakes ― always made the movie more fun. Had Steve been lying before? Telling Tony what he wanted to hear but, in reality, hating it? He blinked and shook his head, trying to concentrate once more in the conversation inside.
“Me neither. All I know is that he’s important to the Director, so…”
Coulson shook his head, “We could, but it wouldn’t do us any good. Stane could come up with a thousand different excuses for why he had those documents in his possession”.
“Okay”.
Tony did as he was told and got ready for…
“My favorite so far is the strawberry one, to be honest”.
. He looked at Steve, a kind smile on his face.
, he thought to himself, locking the door behind him and taking his coat off as he walked towards the living room.
By the time Steve finally arrived at SHIELD, it was almost lunch time since the promised half hour and shower had somehow turned into three hours of pure bliss for both parties. Hill was waiting for him by the door, looking ready to murder someone. He looked at her sheepishly.
Steve didn’t have time to reply, however, because his door suddenly opened with a loud
“Who?”
Steve shook his head, putting both hands on Tony’s stomach.
Both doctors looked at each other, apparently not knowing exactly what to say.
“There’s nothing I can do”, Dr. Strange said, turning his head to look at the Avengers, who were all standing inside Steve’s room, clearly going against the hospital’s visiting rules.
Steve gets some new information and is planning time for the gang.
“Sorry. I know, just… Sorry”.
“OH MY GOD!”
When Steve was little, he dreamed about being an artist. His mother, bless her soul, was very supportive of his dream and whenever they had any money to spare, which wasn’t often, she would buy him paint and a canvas. Sometimes he even managed to sell some of his art, using the money to help around the house.
Holy shit
“There’s a bathroom right there, you can change there”.
“Steve?” someone called.
“We’re not robbing him! He offered to pay for all this!” Bucky complained, looking terrified.
“Come with me, it’ll only be a minute”, he whispered back to his lover.
“Since when?” Bucky asked, his voice sounding all funny and high.
He laughed a humorless laugh. “It’s like you said. I was a just a nobody with a criminal record. I was lucky to have that job. Some crazy rich guy who’s ruthless enough to assassinate two people he knew, I could only imagine what he would do to me and my family if I didn’t cooperate. So I did it. I took a ‘bathroom break’ when I saw the car coming. Then I came back, the feed was cut and the recorded footage was gone. Then the cops came, questioned me and left. They didn’t seem to care much about it”.
changes of clothes, Steve had decided, with Clint’s and Bucky’s help, that it was best to just wear something simple, something that he was used to. So, here he was, standing in front of the fountain, wearing a pair of dark jeans that, according to Clint,
“I’m not your boy. I’m going to ask you this one last time, Stane. What the hell are you doing here?”
“Figuratively or literally?”
“ALSO CLEAR”, Bucky replied from the other.
Jarvis had introduced them,
“Are you okay? You’re all red”.
“Just name your firstborn after me and we’re good”, Bucky replied, making Clint shout ‘
“Just… She’s not kicking right now, just wait a minute”, he got a little bit closer and started whispering to his own stomach, “Come on, Maguna, give us a little kick!”
Tony nodded. “Listen to this… ‘The procedure was successful… Only three hours until full recovery… Subject appears healthy… Communication with fellow soldiers occurred without noticeable issues… Still no signs of other telepathic abilities, nor telekinetic powers’”.
Stane was taken aback by the sudden change in Tony’s demeanor and didn’t answer.
, on the table and clenched his jaw.
“Oh, shit, he’s coming over here. Abort, abort, abort!”
“We’ll be nice. Come on, man, we wanna meet this mechanic who’s got you by the balls after
“It’s okay”, he whispered towards his belly in a soothing tone, “it’s just a storm. It’ll end soon”.
“Let me see if I understand this”, Loki said, curving himself over the table to look at the teens, “you sit around a table with pieces of paper and pretend to be other people in a game of make believe? Is this common practice amongst Midgardians?”
“Yeah. Sorry, it’s just… This is a really amazing car”, he replied, sounding more sincere, “So, where are we going?”
“Yep, it’s a little science bear”.
Tony only realized he had been staring at Christine Everhart when the screen disappeared from his eyes. Rhodey and Bucky looked at him apprehensively, both aware of how much this whole story affected him. He took a deep breath and smiled at his friends, reassuring them. Thankfully, Peter had been so focused on his sandwiches that he hadn’t even noticed anything wrong.
Tony felt like his stomach had just been punched. “What…?”
“It’s gonna be a long night so… I’ll see you tomorrow, okay? Thank you for the watch”, he didn’t wait for an answer. As soon as the doors to the elevator opened, he ran out, not even glancing back at his boyfriend ―
When none of the agents said anything, she nodded sharply. “Good luck, agents. I trust you’ll bring my nephew back to me as soon as possible”.
"Fine", she replied curtly, clearly not wanting to talk about it.
“So what happened?”
talk, or something along these lines, so the sudden accusation that he was an imposter felt like a punch to the stomach. Because it was true. He was, technically, an imposter. He was lying about his name and hiding a whole lot of other things from Steve. And, at that moment, it was like his brain lit up.
“We understand”, Wanda said with a heavy accent that always showed itself up again when she was tired or upset, “but we will fix this. I offered to go with Dr. Strange, to help with the research. Vision is already there with him. We will find a solution”.
“Yeah, why?”
“Uh, what are you doing?”
“What do you mean?”
Steve smiled and nodded.
Natasha merely shot the mechanic a blank stare, making him roll his eyes.
“You know what’s insane?”, Tony suddenly said, raising his head to look at Bucky, “The fact that you don’t seem to realize how insane it is that you ran a background check on someone your friend has been seeing for less than two weeks! It was a complete invasion of privacy and, honestly? It’s creepy as fuck.”
He got in the car, eyes still on his phone as Happy closed the door.
Steve let himself fall on the couch, burying his head on the pillow.
“Taking it out wasn’t the problem, I think the main issue was putting it in”, Clint replied, making Bucky and Sam immediately shout
What’s going on?
“No, none of this makes any sense”, Tony replied, gripping his own hair so hard Natasha thought he might rip it off, “That goddamn freak of nature, I’m gonna kill him next time I see him”.
“Uh… I… had a shitty day, thought we could watch crappy TV and eat some Mexican food. Are you… Are you ok?”
I'm not very proud of this chapter, but it was the best I could do with three hours of sleep and a ton of work waiting for me. So, yeah. :(
The man grimaced.
Steve fought the urge to smile and tried not to turn his head to follow Tony’s figure disappearing through the main door. It wouldn’t do for Director Carter to catch him checking her godson’s ass out, no matter how good an ass it was. He liked living too much to risk it.
“I love how you talk during movies. How you explain the things I don’t understand or how you complain about the how wrong their science is. I love that you always sit so close to me whenever we are and I love that you always hold my hand when we walk or when we’re close to each other. I don’t know why I thought that before, with the spell…”
Bucky just stared at his friends for a moment before finishing his bottle.
“I don’t want to punish people, or kill them. I… I want to protect people. And, to be completely honest, I want this so I can help my mother. She’s sick”.
Steve smiled relieved. “I think it’d be fun to hang out with you too”.
“You’re fucking amazing”.
“What, eating dinner? It’s very easy, you take the food with the fork and put it in your mouth, then you chew and swallow”, the mechanic joked, looking at Steve over the menu he held, smiling.
“Hawkeye”, Natasha warned in a low tone.
"That's not what
The doctors insisted on checking Steve once more before sending him home. They had a very hard time doing it, however, because the blonde refused to let go of Tony’s hand, all the while staring at him like he was seeing him for the very first time. When it was finally clear that there was nothing physically wrong with the super soldier, they were allowed to leave.
Tony could hear Bucky and Rhodey snickering from the table. He turned his head and glared at them, before turning back to finish Peter’s peanut butter and jam sandwich.
“That was because you suck at sports, not because of you personally, dickhead. I play to win”.
“No. But still, it would be nice to be warned. I’ve worked here for ten years, Steve, and not ONCE were you late for work. As a matter of fact, you’ve never even called in sick! So forgive me for worrying!”
There was a moment of silence. Clint clearly wanted to say something, but stopped himself when Bruce put a hand on his arm, shaking his head.
“Well, artist is a bit much. I just like drawing. I’m an art major. You’re an engineer, right?”
“Well, we go by SHIELD as well”.
“Shit”, Barton whispered under his breath, taking his bow in his hands once more and getting ready for a fight.
“Wow, relax, man”.
Bucky shook his head, laughing. “Punk”.
“Why would I propose? It’s not like we can actually get married”.
Seeing the utter desperation in Tony’s eyes, Steve tried to calm him down, “I’m sure it’s nothing, but we’ll go to the hospital anyway, okay? Just to be sure! Come on, I’ll take you…”
They talked until their orders were ready and then they talked some more as they ate. Steve thought he might actually die when Tony started moaning after every bite. He knew he was absurdly attracted to the brunette, but that was getting ridiculous.
She slid her finger on the screen, checking the photos she had taken of the police report. Breaking into the Police Station had been fairly easy. All she had to do was create a small distraction outside and slip, undetected, into the Records Room. She re-read the file: automobile accident, happened at approximately eight o’clock in the evening, both victims died on the scene, no witnesses, road was wet from the recent rain, toxicology report showed that Stark senior had had a few drinks before taking the car for a spin. The whole story was completely believable. Dude drinks his expensive scotch before taking his wife for a ride, loses control after driving through a deep puddle, hits a tree, dies instantly along with said wife. Again, totally believable, except for one little detail: the missing footage.
Steve frowned, typing a reply.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you doing here?”
“Thanks”.
Bucky smiled right back. “Come on, doll, you know you can call me Bucky”.
“Missed you”, he whispered between kisses.
“That’s the only reason I’m forgiving you, Rogers”.
Tony shook his head and smiled at the scene.
“The Lieutenant Colonel was the one who brought it up, ma’am. But he doesn’t believe the leak came from the soldiers or anyone in the Air Base”.
He rang the doorbell, but no one answered. He called Tony, still no answer. Now fully worried, Steve picked the lock and walked inside, gun in hand. He didn’t particularly like using fire arms, but, well, his shield wasn’t exactly portable. He checked the kitchen and the bathroom, there was no one there.
“You’re not kidding. Steve, what was in the little black box you had?”
“In the meantime, we’ll just tell him all about you, ok?”
The beeping was soft. Reassuring. Every beat making it easier and easier for Tony to finally breathe again.
“I’m going to Malibu”.
much worse.
“I don’t know. Cheating”.
“Ok, first of all, it’s called the Spider Sense. And second of all, no, I felt nothing, and I don’t have my web shooters so we’re on our own”.
The car ride wasn’t exactly fun. Sharon had spent half of it apologizing to Tony and assuring him she had no interest in Steve (which was fairly obvious since she was dating Pepper). Tony, then, put her mind to rest, saying he didn’t blame her at all and that she had nothing to worry about. They’d been friends since they were in diapers and nothing would change that. That’s when Sharon started sniffing and touching the corner of her eyes, trying to hide the tears.
“Yeah, I don’t know who that is”, Clint confessed.
Matthew nodded. “Yes. They’re one of the best firms in the State, if not the best. One of our clients, Danny Rand, used to be their client before he decided to come to Nelson and Murdock”.
On the first few days, he tried to be around Steve as much as possible. He would wake up extra early and “accidently” run into him before his morning run and try to start a conversation about, well, anything really. The weather, the food they had the day before, or what kind of movie they could pick for movie night. Every single time, though, Steve would be cold and brief, leaving a very sad, very frustrated Tony behind.
“They’re SHIELD agents”.
“We were the decoy”, Steve said to himself, surprised.
Steve looked confused. “Uh, yeah. I thought you would appreciate it, you know, being a mechanic and well”.
Steve suddenly stopped. He opened and closed his mouth and then frowned, as if measuring his next words very carefully. “I went through a growth spurt”.
“What do we do until then?” Bucky asked with his mouth full.
They go to dinner!
“I brought food. I thought maybe we could eat? So, can I come in or…?”
He stood there for a minute, breathing in and out, trying to calm himself down. Steve walked slowly towards him and opened his arms, as if inviting Tony for a hug. The mechanic looked at him and smiled with watery eyes before ending the distance between them with a few quick steps, falling into Steve’s arms and felling his body relax as strong arms held him tight and close.
“Are you… Are you going to say something? Because I’m really trying to be all quiet and understanding, but I’m kinda dying over here, Steve”.
“Can you go tell uncle Buck and uncle Rhodey that I’m here?”
“I just need a good fuck! Just to get it out of my system!”
Tony rolled his eyes but said nothing.
“Tony told me the guy showed him some pictures of a place called Gulmira. Accused Stark Industries of dealing under the table”.
“No! I mean, I left to go to the bathroom and then when I came back he had these photos and he was acting weird and then he had a talk with that Stane guy and it didn’t look like a friendly talk and he just… I don’t know, he was acting all weird. I’m worried”.
“Ah, but it is on the list”, answered Steve with a cheeky smile.
Jessica Jones does some investigating and uncovers some very interesting things.
“No. I’m okay. I need to prepare myself for the fallout that is definitely coming after we expose Obie… Stane”, he corrected himself with a firm tone, “Actually, there is this Italian place a few blocks from here and it’s amazing. You think you could maybe go there and get us some food?”
“What accident?”
DUM-E beeped loudly and happily, running over to Tony while its claw head like a kid. He stopped right in front of the mechanic, beeping away as if he was trying to talk. Tony touched him softly, making the machine beep even more, and then hugged him awkwardly. The mechanic had tears in his eyes. He looked up to see Steve on the door to their bedroom, a small smile on his face.
Tony was so ready to leave. His brain kept screaming
“May I inquire as to who or what each of you is in this fantasy world?”
Natasha seemed confused for a moment. “I thought General Solohob was in charge of the export business”.
“How much you’re making over there? Because I can triple it right now”.
“You, on the other hand, definitely let yourself go, Tiberius”, Tony replied, without so much as glancing at his ex, his eyes focused on Obadiah.
“Thanks. What are you doing here?”
, Steve angrily replied for the millionth time.
The hotel was huge. Bigger than any other place they had ever been in and fancier than anything they had ever seen. When they got there, a very polite man came over immediately and, upon hearing their names, asked them to accompany him to the restaurant where
“Maybe you should ask someone else, big guy. I’m not very good company right now”.
“That’s impossible, sir…”
“When?”. Steve looked at him with a confused look. “When did you fall in love with me? Was it a week after we started dating? Was it a month? When?”
“Still, I was never someone’s first choice. So it’s nice to know that Steve picked me, you know. He never dated anyone before me and he picked me! It’s a nice feeling, it’s all”.
“What do you mean he messed up? The flowers… Wait, the flowers and the note, they weren’t meant for me?”
“Let me help”.
Morgan agreed and let herself be led out of the room by her uncle, both being closely followed by Sam. As soon as the door closed, Tony pulled Steve closer by the tie and kissed him deeply.
The AI replied.
“You’re going to be my COO, not my personal assistance!”
Bucky, who had stayed with Steve during the conversation, had been filled in on the plan after the blond had finally gone to sleep. He didn’t much care for it, especially because he knew how good Tony and Steve were together and how much this was hurting Tony, but, when Natasha explained Tony’s reasons he couldn’t help but understand where the older man was coming from.  The couple had gone through so much in the past years, they had worked so hard to forgive each other’s mistakes and move on. And now, when things were finally going so well for them, after two years of being a disgustingly cute couple, they were separated again. Fate really was a bitch.
“Then he’s really got nothing to lose anymore”, Bucky completed with a sigh.
Tony laughed as quietly as he could, taking the little bear of his hands.
Tony turned and smiled at Natasha and Clint, who were standing in his doorway, looking thoroughly confused.
“It’s going to be dangerous, you know”, Tony whispered, looking down at their joined hands.
But here I am, back in the game, and with a new chapter! Hope you guys liked it! (;
“And I’m telling you, we don’t need to do that because I have watched this movie a thousand times and I know for a fact that you’re wrong, so shut up and just accept defeat”.
“If you’re not going to help, you might as well fuck off”.
Steve’s smile disappeared, giving place to a horrified look.
“They don’t want to miss Peter’s first Christmas with us”, Tony explained, sighing, “I still can’t believe he’s ours”.
Tony moaned softly, an indecent sound that should definitely be illegal in Steve’s humble opinion. “Yeah, the coconut one was just perfect”.
Peter narrowed his eyes, taking one step closer to the dragon. “Harley? Is that you?”
, he thought to himself. He closed his eyes for a moment and, when he opened them again, he was in full armor and ready for the fight. He smiled at Stane.
“Speaking of it, where’s your boyfriend?”, Sharon asked, trying to steal Natasha’s cake.
to the public. She knew exactly what he meant, although it was hard to believe a man she had once called friend would use such thing against her.
Morgan took another step and then another and another, before falling yet again on her ass a few steps away from her father.
“I asked around, Mr. Stark. There are no official documents regarding the shipment of weapons to those parts, but…”
Margaret entered the mansion without as much as a greeting to whoever had opened the door, marching purposefully up the stairs and straight to her godson’s bedroom. From the end of the corridor, she saw Howard banging his hand on the door of said bedroom, screaming obscenities, a bottle of scotch securely on his hand. He barely had time to turn his head towards the sound of clacking high heels on the wooden floor before he felt his nose break under Margaret’s fist. Howard fell backwards like a sack of potatoes and did not move anymore. The maid standing behind him screamed, hands on each side of her face, eyes wide in terror.
“Fine”, he managed to get out in a somewhat sane voice, “I don’t think you’re Bucky’s type. Or Sam’s, for that matter”.
“Imagine if Stark gets suspicious. Imagine if he learns we’ve all been lying to him. He could go to the cops, say we were robbing him”.
They made plans to meet at Pop’s at seven, as Tony told Natasha as soon as he walked through the door, throwing himself on the couch and right into her lap. She merely looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
“So, what you’re saying is Steve and I were meant to be?”
After everything they had been through… SHIELD falling, the accords, Siberia, the fucking purple asshole… Everything that had happened and yet the universe had thrown them together again and again and again. They were meant to be together. And Goddamn it they were going to be together because Bucky was NOT about to just accept this shit.
“Tony…”
, Erskine had said inside that tiny, white room,
Natasha tries to deal with her emotions regarding Stark and the man she once knew in the Red Room.
“Tony, please, listen to me. I love you. I have never loved anyone like I love you. I love everything about you. And I’m so sorry that I made you feel insecure and sad, and I’ll never forgive myself for it…”
“You’re… Shit, listen… I’m… I’m in love with you, Tony, I really am. I never met anyone like you in my entire life and you make me so happy and all I want is to make you as happy as you make me. But… I can’t tell my friends. They don’t know I’m…”, he stopped talking all of a sudden, looking around like he’s afraid someone might hear him, before whispering the last word, “…gay”.
to drown in hot coffee.
Confused, Steve replied, “No, sir, I’m not”.
As soon as he stepped inside his workshop, Tony asked FRIDAY to put the whole place on lockdown. He wanted to cry. He wanted to scream. He wanted to break things. He wanted Steve back. The billionaire didn’t have time to act on his impulses, however. He heard the faint sound of the sling-ring being formed before he even saw it. He turned to watch as Dr. Strange came out, looking very upset.
Margaret Carter was proud to say that she had lived a very eventful and interesting life. She had become an agent of the Strategic Scientific Reserve in a time when woman were relegated to answering phones and taking messages, quickly proving her worth in every field mission and soon rising to become one of the most prominent agents in the history of said agency. Then, when the SSR ended, she joined her old friend, Howard Stark, and founded the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistic Division, also known as SHIELD, a peacekeeping organization whose primary goal was making the world a better place and fighting those who sought to destroy it. She had worked hard and relentlessly all her life, always focused on her work as the Director of SHIELD, making no time for love or romance. Margaret had never much cared about such things, had never really dreamed of a white picket fence with a lovely wife and a couple of children playing in the yard, not even when her darling Angie had been alive, God bless her soul. She simply did not have the time or the inclination to love and care for a child as a mother should. And she wholeheartedly believed that until the day Anthony Stark had been born.
Tony grimaced and sighed, looking defeated. He murmured something in reply, but Steve couldn’t hear him.
“Tony”, Steve said firmly, holding the smaller man by the shoulders, “If you want to run, I won’t stop you. We’ll run together. We’ll go to London, Paris, even freaking Siberia if that’s what it takes. But I need you to listen to me… You don’t have to run anymore, Tony, because I’ll protect you. I’ll fight whoever I need to, I promise you, and I’ll rip them apart if I have to. I will never let him hurt you again, Tony. I
“Hey. What happened?”
The Strategic Homeland Intervention and Enforcement Logistics Division, also known as SHIELD, was a secret organization. In fact, they were so secret that most agents, even the ones with a high level clearance, didn’t know who they worked for. Steve and Bucky were both Level 7 in the scale, being outranked only by their handler, Agent Coulson, Commander Hill and Deputy Director Fury. SHIELD believed in compartmentalizing every piece of information.
, Tony thought, shaking his head as Clint left the workshop,
On the other side of the line, Special Agent Coulson waited patiently for the Widow to be finished, completely unworried with the clear sounds of a fight coming from the other end. After a few moments, someone picked up the phone again.
“This is the technology, right here!” he said, gesturing to be big arc reactor in front of them, “You just need to make it smaller”, he completed, letting the man go and taking a step closer to it.
“Well”, Tony said, looking sheepish, “I’m… sorry?”
Tony smiled without much enthusiasm, nodding absently.
“You know, how the kid messed up and gave YOU the flowers instead of…”, Bucky suddenly stopped, looking around the table. Pepper and Rhodey looked horrified, Natasha was shaking her head and Sharon was covering her face. “You… didn’t know that”.
“Exactly. So why isn’t he attracted to Tony now?”
“Cap!” Morgan repeated, throwing her hands up in celebration.
“Oh, I don’t know… You’re amazing, Steve. Anyone would be lucky to have such an incredible, kind, handsome man like you. And I know we haven’t known each other for long, but…” this time, Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and squeezed it, looking anywhere but into his baby blue eyes, “… you deserve someone who respects and loves you. And if you think that isn’t Bucky, then you should talk to him. I’m sure everyone would understand”.
Wow, really? Where?
“YES! You’re not gonna regret this, Tones”.
“Look, Tony, please, just let me say this. And when I’m finished, if you want me to go away and never come back, I will, I promise. Please”.
They turned around and saw Steve, Coulson, Pepper and a bunch of agents running towards them. Tony felt Natasha taking the gun from his hands as he stood there, staring at his boyfriend. He wanted to move, to run to Steve, but he found that he couldn’t move.
Steve didn’t even bother to reply and just focused on greeting a bunch of people he had never seen before in his life.
“I get it. My friend, Rhodey, the one I told you about, he’s very protective of me too”.
“Where are you, Stark?” the man screamed, turning away from the body and kicking a nearby chair, “This what Starks do, huh? Hide like cowards! Your father was coward too!”
and then she hung up.
“But… How did you know about Bucky and Nat?”
“Fine, have brunch with him, but if you kiss my boyfriend, Rogers, I promise you I’ll rip off your balls”.
“Congratulations, my friends! There is no happier occasion than when two mighty warriors decide to share not only the battlefield, but also their lives”, Thor offered, almost taking Steve off the ground with his hug.
“Did you say something?”
Natasha looked up, surprised, and watched as the man felt to the ground. She stared at the body, lying beside her, and then at Tony, with an arched eyebrow.
They sat down at the table and, after a quick look at the menu, ordered their respective plates. While they waited, they talked about their week ― Steve told Tony all about the new recruits at SHIELD who thought Captain America was really swell until he started making them drop and give a hundred pushups; Tony told Steve about the shareholder’s meeting he had had earlier that day and how he had finally convinced the others to green light his new green energy project. When the plates came, they ate and talked about their plans for the weekend ― there was an exhibit at the MoMA Steve really wanted to see ― and reminisced about their first date and the early years of their relationship.
“Evil wizard who wants to kill everyone who doesn’t have magic”.
“My name is Jessica Jones, I’m a Private Investigator. I need to discuss something with you”.
Steve huffed out a laugh, putting his hands on his pockets as he walked towards Tony, stopping a few feet from him.
“Hey”, the engineer said with a big smile, “Sorry we’re late”.
. A voice said from nowhere.
And then…
“Stevie, come on”, his best friend replied, licking the frosting off his fork, “You’d have to be crazy to dump a hot piece of ass like me. It just wouldn’t be believable”.
“JARVIS can control pretty much the entire building, from the lights to the elevators. He’ll make sure the security cameras won’t be a problem to you”, he said to Natasha, who nodded, “You’re going to enter the building through this door right here, on the side. The only people who use this entrance are the delivery men and maintenance crew, so it will be deserted. Pepper will be waiting for you there, to open the door for you and take you to the service elevator”.
“I need… I need to run. I need to go, I need…”
"You can't keep me here! I ain't done nothing wrong!"
There was nothing on his fridge except for an expired carton of milk and a very old apple. Steve closed its door, sighing loudly. Of course there wasn’t any food; after all, he’d been spending all of his time at Tony’s lately. God, he missed the mechanic. He missed coming home to a smiling face. He missed cooking dinner between loving touches and stolen kisses. And he missed falling asleep next to his mechanic, nose buried on his hair, smelling that scent that was so naturally Tony. Steve had always fallen hard and fast for people, ever since he was a boy. But this… this was ridiculous. He’d known Tony for less than two weeks, for God’s sake, and he couldn’t stop thinking about him, couldn’t stop picturing their life together. He couldn’t help but imagine what their future would be like. And now he wasn’t even sure they would have a future. Feeling utterly depressed, the blonde decided he wasn’t that hungry after all and left the kitchen with slumped shoulders and a lost look in his eyes.
“GO THERE! HE’S THERE!”
The worst part about all of it was Rhodes. Every morning they left the Air Base on a helicopter and they would search every inch of the wide, unending desert. And every night they would return without so much as a whiff of the Mechanic’s whereabouts. Steve could tell this mission was taking a toll on the Lieutenant’s spirit. Every night his eyes would grow sadder, his shoulders falling a bit more, his expression a bit darker. He would lock himself in his rooms as soon as they stepped inside the barracks and would only resurface in the morning with renewed determination, marching towards the helicopter as if today was finally the day.
“They’re probably finishing practice”, Nat replied, slapping the blonde’s hand away and licking her own cake, as if to ensure no one would try to take it. Sharon pouted. “Bucky said Coach Phillips is really working them to the ground”.
For a long couple of minutes, there was only silence.
“Payback for all those times you two idiots got drunk and almost gave me a heart attack. Also, everybody else was in it too”, she said, gesturing to Clint, Sam and Wanda.
“She can barely stand by herself, but sure, she
“The one who ran like he just ate three burritos with extra spices and suddenly found himself in desperate need of a bathroom due to some explosive diarrhea”.
“You’re thinking something similar is happening here”.
Suddenly, his phone rang, taking his mind away from Jarvis and his younger years. He took it from the coffee table and immediately smiled upon seeing the name on the screen.
“And now?”
“Hi”.
He was on his way to an interview for a scholarship when he got the call. He took a cab and got to the hospital as fast as he could. Sadly, they didn’t have good news. Sarah Rogers was sick, very sick. As they explained to the young man everything she would have to go through (the chemo, the many nights at the hospital, the physical therapy, the experimental drugs), Steve’s mind wandered.
“Welcome home, handsome! I was starting to think you weren’t going to make it”, Tony said, standing right in front of his husband with his arms crossed.
“Follow me, Captain. You can have some food while I debrief you on the situation”.
Six months after that party ― and a LOT of mind blowing sex ― Tony begun to notice some things. It all started on a fateful Tuesday. He’d had a very bad day, full of uninteresting classes and way too many assignments due next week, not to mention the lovely phone call he’d gotten from his father earlier, in which, as usual, Howard specified every single thing that was wrong with Tony in a very disappointed voice. All the engineer wanted was to see Steve, to cuddle with him on his very uncomfortable couch and watch bad TV while complaining about everyone and everything as Steve hugged him and stroked his hair.
“Unless her super powers include amazing computer skills, then no”, Tony replied with a sigh, “JARVIS, keep at it. See if you can bypass whatever security they have here. We need more information”.
A chorus of
“If you don’t mind me asking… What happened?”
, a black t-shirt and a leather jacket. He was nervous. Scratch that, he was
“Brucie Bear, you heard all that?”
, she thought, walking over to it. She took one look at the printed paper and swore loudly. The suspicious departure after midnight, the bag, the lack of clothes on the wardrobe… She quickly dialed for Romanov.
“Sure. Oh, and, Stevie?”, Bucky called from the door, with an innocent expression, “What’s your boyfriend’s name again?”
“Come on, dude had surgery in the middle of the desert with no anesthetics. Can’t be worse than that, right?”
“Go”, Sam nodded, turning back to Stone as Steve and Coulson left the bathroom, “Answer the question. What do you mean by that?”
A few minutes later, a knock on the glass called his attention. He waved for the girl to come in and smiled at her.
Being a superhero wasn’t an easy task. There were bank robbers to stop pretty much every week, crazy villains with even crazier costumes out and about terrorizing the city at least twice a month, and, of course, every year there was a super powerful alien who wanted to destroy the Earth or rule over the people of Earth or destroy the universe or whatever evil plan they’d come up with. In other words, the superhero life was exhausting. Between the crime stopping business, the training sessions and the responsibilities of what Peter liked to call his
So, as it turned out, pregnant people were horny as fuck. Apparently, the increased libido usually happened around the second trimester, according to every pregnancy related website, but it seemed like Tony’s body had other ideas. It’s not like Steve hadn’t noticed the fact that he kept staring at different men and women every time they were out together… In fact, Steve was honest enough to himself to admit that he’d even been a bit jealous of it. So, in a way, he knew Tony was checking out other people, sometimes while making every obscene sounds that should not be allowed in public, but still, the question caught him completely off guard.
Also, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, THOR, don’t tell Steve or anyone else about the proposal!
“My darling, what’s happening? Are you hurt?”
"We're very sorry, Agent Romanoff. It won't happen again", one of them replied while the other nodded his agreement.
“Hey, P… Uh, Eldrin! Tell the goat to hoard the goblins over there, I’ve got an idea!”, Harley shouted at Peter, using his sword to swiftly cut a goblins throat.
“He is not a prince”, he hissed, his face growing redder by the second, “Stark is a spoiled brat, nothing more”.
“Yes”.
“I don’t…” he shook his head, trying to get his focus back, “Why do you want Bucky to fuck you? You’re pregnant!”
Natasha and Tony jumped at the scream, turning their heads to see what was going on. Steve was on the ground, clutching his head and crying out in pain.
It was like something finally clicked inside her head.
“To fucking up Stane”, Clint exclaimed, raising his beer.
“Who is this Voldemort the man of Iron talks about?” Thor whispered to Clint, who snickered.
This one had a very realistic drawing of Tony smiling. It was beautiful.
“I’m sorry for making you wait”.
Steve had fought alongside many different people throughout his career as a SHIELD agent. There were men who hesitated at the sight of danger, no matter how many times missions they’d been in. There were men who forgot all reason, who ran towards the danger, all guns blazing, without much of a care about their own wellbeing. Bucky had told Steve, more than once, that he was exactly like that.
Tony drank the coffee slowly, moaning when the delicious liquid finally touched his tongue, burning his throat as it went down. Steve adjusted his legs, clearly uncomfortable as his dick sprung to life again.
“I’ll make you some porridge, sit down”, Bruce offered, turning back to the stove.
“Tell me, my dear. Who are you working for? Is it Lermentov, per chance?”, the little man asked, nodding at the man on her left. The man in question took hold of Natasha’s chair, dipping it backwards, towards the big hole behind her. “Does he think we need his permission to move
“Gross”, Sam chimed in, rolling his eyes, “We’ll be around if you need us. You two try to have fun”.
“We’re not sure, yet, but… We think your parent’s accident might not have been, you know, an actual accident”.
Bucky groaned. “Natasha is going to kill us”.
“I… I don’t know. Do you have water? I need water”, he whispered again.
“Yeah”, he whispered his reply, “yeah, I know. It was just too much for me”.
Steve, who was staring at the ground looking miserable, suddenly looked up when he heard Tony’s voice and immediately got up.
Tony thought, nodding at his boyfriend with a smile,
“Uh, I actually need to use the restroom, so… I’ll be right back”, Tony excused himself, throwing a very apologetic look at Steve.
“Go. I’ll get us some of those chocolate thingies and then we can leave”.
“Gentlemen! I’m glad you came, I know how busy you must be planning that wedding, huh? Please, sit down”.
Steve smiled before closing the door and jogging to the other side, getting in the car and starting it. The sound of the engines made whimper quietly.
“I always pay, you jerk”, Steve replied, already getting up and following his friend to the door.
Natasha rolled her eyes and ignored him. “… Steve, Tony thinks you’re the greatest thing that has ever existed and wants to get married and have tiny ripped genius babies with you. Tony, Bucky said Steve’s had the biggest crush on you ever since the day you met and has drawn you so many times he’s had to buy three more sketchbooks just this month. You’re both idiots. Now, if you’re excuse us, Bucky and I are going back to our place to have some sex and I suggest you dumbasses do the same. Good night”.
. Suddenly, all the lights went out. It was pitch black inside.
“It’s okay. We’ll get them back later. For now, I just want to love every inch of you. Is that okay?”
“It is possible, yes. From what Mr. Stark has told us, we could file for undue influence or we could claim that the signature on the will was forged. According to the dates you’ve provided, Mr. Stark senior changed his will only days before his untimely death, which brings a lot of suspicion on its own, and, of course, there’s also the fact that Mr. Stark senior publicly claimed, many times, that legacy was of the utmost importance to him and expressed his desires to see his son take his place when the time was right. Which brings the question, why would a man who worked tirelessly to make sure his son would be a perfect heir to his empire suddenly decide said son was no longer fit for the job, passing everything, including his son’s intellectual property, to a partner? It raises questions and, right now, that’s exactly what we need”.
“I’m kind of hungry. How about some pasta?” Steve asked, already taking out a pot from the cupboard.
He got inside the car and started the engine, trying to stiff a giggle and failing miserably.
Steve put his hand on the table and got closer to the screen. “They were being mind controlled”, he whispered in awe.
“Well, that’s all, then”, he said, getting up. Matthew shook Steve’s hand and then, when shaking Tony’s, held a little bit longer, “We’ll get him, Mr. Stark. I promise you that”.
“I met someone else”, he explained very calmly, as if he was just telling Tony that he ate a banana that morning, “We’ve been seeing together for a few months now and I decided it’s time to end this, so I can fully be with her”.
Steve and Tony suddenly stopped screaming and turned to look at each other.
“I know my godson better than anyone else. I saw the way he looked at you, and I saw the way you looked right back at him. So let me give you a piece of advice, Agent Rogers… Do not, under any circumstances, hurt my godson. Or, the next time I tell this story, it will be six dead men instead of five. Do I make myself perfectly clear?”
Peter scrunched up his nose, still looking very much worried. Tony picked his son up and sat him on the nearest stool, putting the plate of sandwiches in front of him.
He looked down at his watch yet again. Not even ten minutes had passed. He got up, unable to remain seated any longer, and walked towards the receptionist, who sighed immediately upon seeing him.
“I’m fine. You didn’t have to wait, you know”, Tony said, looking a bit embarrassed.
He opened his eyes and took one last deep breath before starting the car and driving away to the mall. His decision was made. All he had to do now was tell Ty.
“So, you’re an artist”.
Steve vowed to do so with a sharp nod just as the others replied with
“Wow. That’s… That’s an amazing car”, he said, very aware of how uncomfortable he sounded.
“For being a dick to you last night. For introducing you as just my friend. I know that really hurt you and I’m so sorry”.
It rang once... twice... and then, finally, Stark picked up.
“Sorry, auntie. Oh, and, next time, please send a better team? I had to do all the work myself”, he complained halfheartedly.
They made their orders and talked. And as they talked, Natasha got closer to Bucky. She bit her lips, sensually, before smiling at his stories. She threw her head back and laughed when Bucky told a joke. She ‘accidentally’ touched Bucky’s hand and arm constantly. And, most surprising of all, she found herself enjoying the conversation. She had been ready to fake smiles and laughter, but there was no need for that. She truly found him funny and was unexpectedly pleased with his stories about his older sister, Rebecca, and his niece. He showed her pictures upon pictures, and Natasha felt her heart flutter every time she heard the tone of pride in his voice. Soon enough, she had forgotten all about the plan.
“Ok, I’m out, you deal with his, bye”, Bucky said in a hurry, taking his water bottle, his jacket and his backpack and literally running as far away as he could from the fountain where Steve and he had been sitting.
“Thanks, I… I appreciate it”, Steve replied, taking the clothes.
“This is Tony. He’s a friend from MIT”.
“Barnes. I gave it to him, with the dog tags”.
“What the hell did you just do, man?”, Bucky asked, shaking his head.
“I’m sure you two will have plenty of time to talk about this later”, Steve supplied with a smile, “I have your number. Tony can call you sometime this week”.
"Discuss mission details in public places? Loudly complain about your duties? Besides...", she took the card from her pocket and showed it to them, "I'm a level 8, agent Jones. I have the authority. Now... Where are the detainees?"
“Holy shit, what the fuck was that?”
“Well, here”, Tony said, giving him back his drawing, “So, dinner?”
“That’s DUM-E”, the red head repeated with a small smile.
while turning around and hugging Steve’s pillow. He took a deep breath, smelling his boyfriend’s cologne and smiled, eyes still closed. FRIDAY insisted. “
and then all of a sudden I’d get this really horrible feeling like I was doing something really really wrong. Like I was…”
“You can give interviews and statements right here where you are safe. Going back to Malibu will be like poking the bear with a short stick, Anthony!”
“Me neither”, Steve said, engulfing Tony in his arms and burying his face in his neck, “Did you see the news today?”
“It’s very good. You’re very talented”.
“So”, Bucky said, taking one of the menus on the table, “What are we ordering? I think the lasagna sounds pretty good”.
“How would I know?!” Steve asked, scandalized.
“No. The doctors are just making sure everything’s okay. He should be discharged in a few minutes”.
“Yeah, it’s definitely…”
“She kicked! She’s kicking!”
Bucky watched the elevator doors close and, when they finally did, looked down at the chain in his hand, completely lost. He caught some words on the inside of the ring and raised it closer to his face, reading it.
The answer came after just a few seconds.
“Hey, Stevie, who’s at the door?” a voice asked from inside the apartment.
“It’s nothing, Cap. Clint was just telling us about Tony’s
“For you?”, he asked, stepping closer to Tony and touching his cheek softly, making the mechanic close his eyes with a sigh, “I can do this all day”.
“Well, we’re gonna see him again for the rehearsal dinner, so maybe I’ll do it then”, Steve replied, defensively.
“About that…”, Steve said, walking closer to Tony and taking his hands, kissing one softly, “I think I know who you are, Tony. And, if you let me, I think I can help you”.
“So… Food?”
The two men exchanged a quick look of disbelief before turning their attentions back to the animated corpse in front of them. There was a
“Enhanced female with telepathic powers. No knowledge as to why she attacked the base or how she got there”, Natasha replied, checking her widow bites to make sure they were working properly.
“Dude, what the hell?”
“I… What?”
“Yes. You said he was cute, right?”
, he would show up unannounced, already taking his clothes off as soon as the blond opened the door, and he would forget all of this troubles as Steve tore him apart, kissing every inch of his body and pressing him roughly against the mattress as he slammed his cock inside Tony again and again and again until the brunette was covered in cum, murmuring nonsense as he came back from his high, completely and utterly satisfied.
“The guy who’s half a guy?” Steve said, raising an eyebrow.
“Right, about that, I’m gonna need it back. It was really expensive”.
Tony smiled excitedly when the elevator doors opened, giving the small box in his hands a little squeeze. He purposefully climbed the stairs and marched to their bedroom, where Ty was waiting for him, according to JARVIS. He stopped at the door, frowning at the two suitcases.
“So”.
Natasha rolled her eyes again, defeated.
Tony whimpered softly when he heard the loud noise of something being thrown on the ground. He didn’t have a cellphone, he didn’t have a weapon. He had nothing to protect himself. All he could do was hide and run, like an animal trying to escape a hunter.
, he thought, moving slightly to adjust himself on the chair,
He kept repeating it again and again and again inside his mind, in an endless, horrible loop. He couldn’t tell them the truth, not the real truth, but Steve was right there and he was looking at Tony with such a confused and hurt look. So he spilled the story. He told the truth where he could, carefully omitting the things he knew would get him into trouble. And when he was done, he felt awful. It was like reliving all of it again… Finding the evidence, the phone call, DUM-E trying to protect him, running away… He needed to leave. He needed to be alone, away from everything and everyone. And so he left in a hurry, leaving behind a very distraught Steve.
“I’m telling you, she walked”.
“What’s X-Gene?” Steve asked, confused.
He nodded and left for the bathrooms just as Tony went in search of their dessert. He finally found the waiter across the room and quickly walked towards him.
Part One of Two
“I love it; and I’m sure Morgan will love it as well”.
. He was just about to try and convince the other man that they could just forget the whole thing when two strong arms circled his waist and pulled him closer. He ended up on Steve’s lap, with a loud yelp of surprise, one leg on each side, and didn’t even have enough time to truly understand what was happening before Steve smashed their mouths together, his hands grabbing at Tony’s hair, moaning as he explored every inch of his mouth.
sucking
“I’m not here about your electronic security shit and you know that”, she said forcefully, stepping in front of him as to not let him escape, “You can talk to me now and be free to live your life, or you can tell your story in court. Your choice”.
“Do you think Bucky would fuck me if I asked?”
“He was my boss, the owner of the security company I worked for”.
“They’ll be here soon enough. Now, tell us the story again, of how Steve asked you out”.
“He is. He also wore a shirt that said ‘proud cheerleader for the Ladybugs’ with a picture of a little girl in pigtails one day”, at Tony’s confused look, she explained, “It’s his niece. She won a soccer championship for toddlers. He was very proud”.
Taking that as a yes, he sat down beside the young man. “I’m Steve”.
His eyes were focused on the man, but they flickered every now and then to Natasha, now standing in the corridor, with a surprised look on her face.
“Well, I believe I do not need to reinforce how absolutely vital it is that my identity remains a secret”, the woman said with a faded English accent, taking a seat in front of them, “And I will be so very cross if this particular secret leaves this room”, she looked at each one of them for a moment before continuing to speak. “Very well. You have been chosen for this mission not only because of your skills and frankly stellar records, but because, according to Deputy Director Fury, Commander Hill and Agent Coulson, you are trustworthy. This mission is not just about SHIELD security, it’s also… personal to me”.
She walked along the corridor, ignoring the tired agents that seemed to be dragging themselves to their rooms, with her hands inside her pockets and her mind far away. Clint had a point and she knew it. She had been acting, not weird per say, but unlike herself these last few days. The truth was... Stark's story had messed with her head. After finding that box and discovering the diaries inside, Natasha thought that perhaps knowing how Stark had survived all those years, still looking young enough to pass as a thirty something man, would help her understand how Yasha had survived. No such luck. She had been naive to think that she could find closure like this.
First of all, it is a CRIME that Jessica Jones got cancelled. Second of all, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. Story is coming to an end soon, and I have a few things planned, I hope you'll all like it! <3 Remember to leave a comment!!
Tony tried to move, but found that he couldn’t. For a second, he thought maybe his legs and hands were bound by ropes, but a quick look down told him that wasn’t the case. In fact, there was nothing holding him down, nothing restraining him, and yet, for some reason, his body would not move no matter how hard he tried.
“I’m dead, make space, losers”, a voice suddenly appeared. Bucky sat between Nat and Pepper, quickly stealing his girlfriend’s cake and shoving it in his mouth.
“Weird?”
“No threat here, my boy!”, he said with a booming laugh, “No threat, just a business opportunity. Think about it… SHIELD could be the next CIA”.
“You know them?” Steve asked.
, Romanov replied in a sarcastic tone,
“I’m more than okay. I’m perfect”.
“Come on, pet…” He replied in a tired tone, “You didn’t really think we were forever, did you?”
Oh man, not in the group chat, COME ON
“A watch”, he explained, still confused with the whole thing, “Remember, Tony was really upset over losing his watch on that fight with the Wrecking Crew, and the company didn’t make those anymore, so I pulled a few strings and I got him one. An exact replica. I thought he would be happy, but apparently not”, he finished in a bitter tone.
“And I am Eldrin, wood-elf druid”, Peter introduced himself with a proud smile.
“Something wrong?” Tony asked, worried.
“That’s right, Maguna! You can do it, one more step”.
There was silence. And then Lawrence giggled.
“Our friend from the FBI”, Bucky replied with a grimace, remembering the last time he brought that particular subject up. Tony, however, didn’t seem to be affected by the memory at all, “They’re going to stand by, in case Stane finds out and tries to make a run for it”.
“Yes, I can confirm that”, Nat said with a smirk, “They didn’t hit it off right away, but Steve once told me that even when they were fighting in the helicarrier, he couldn’t stop thinking about how handsome Tony was”.
Steve snorted before quickly composing himself. “We’re glad you’re okay, sir”.
He stared at the intercom for a moment, as if his brain was trying to make sense of what his ears had just heard.
. It was a lesson the man had learned the hard way, after using his key and walking in on a very naked Steve fucking Tony against the couch. Needless to say, Bucky refused to eat in the living room any longer.
“It’s not that funny”, Tony grumbled under his breath.
“Tony went to the bathroom ten minutes ago”.
“In some areas, I guess. Although, if we were talking about art, I’m guessing
“Did I? Can’t remember”, he replied, making his partner laugh, “Now shut up and kiss your bride”.
“Maybe she doesn’t like me”, Steve said in a playful tone, but Tony knew him well enough by now to recognize the undertone of worry in his voice.
. Suddenly, he jumped off the bed, putting on pants as he screamed at FRIDAY to get Dr. Cho.
“We… We actually had to cancel the wedding, Mr. Stark. Too expensive, you know how it is. We’ll probably just wait a few more years and try them. Sorry for wasting your time, but thank you for being so nice to a couple of strangers”.
“Tony, that’s… That’s too much”.
“The Dungeon Master?”
He looked around, trying to see through the heavy rain. He couldn’t call his driver to come pick him up, so maybe he could find a payphone he could use or hopefully some store that was still open. He squinted his eyes, trying to read a sign that he was pretty sure said ‘mechanic’ not too far away from where he was. Resigned, Steve looked down at his expensive Armani suit and sighed, getting out of the car.
A red headed woman opened her eyes, blinking to try and adjust to the bright light being shined on her. She heard the sound of a train passing close by as she looked around the empty warehouse. Her captors, two tall men and a smaller one, all stared at her with cocky smiles.
“So, what you’re saying is… No limo?”
“Oh honey”, she said, pulling his head on her shoulder, “I understand. I’m so sorry”.
there was.
“Uncle Buck, is my dress pretty?”
“I d… I…”, his smile faltered as he stared at the little opened box, “wow. Uh, this is…”
“Sorry, sorry. I don’t know what came over me, I…” he turned his eyes back at the couple on the dance floor once more, “Are Thor and Tony together?”
Steve is moving on, Tony is giving up, and Bucky is not having this shit.
to happen, Brucie”, Tony said for the hundredth time, dropping a few pieces of chicken nuggets into a small Moana plate.
, leading Jessica inside the house. His wife wasn’t home ― she was currently visiting their daughter at Harvard, as her Facebook status proudly showed. Jessica sat down on one of the armchairs in the living room, cell phone in one hand already discreetly recording the entire conversation.
The door leading to the basement was open, which made Jessica upset.
“Oh, I had a date this week”.
“It had some good moments”, Steve replied, pointedly looking at Tony, who blushed again.
Tony took a deep breath, looking away from Steve, unable to meet his eyes. “It’s complicated”.
Tony didn’t have time to answer. The Imperial March started playing, a sign that Rhodey was waiting for him outside. He smiled at Jarvis and Ana, his way of saying
“One hour”.
Later that night, Tony watched Steve snore softly, the movie completely forgotten.  He smiled and wiggled himself closer to the bigger man, feeling Steve’s arm tightening around him, not letting him go. He closed his eyes and for the first time in a very long time, he thought to himself…
“Yeah, that’s fair”, the young man said, eating another bit of ice cream.
“OH MY GOD!”, Harley screamed in terror.
Bucky hesitated for a moment and Tony could swear he was going to say yes, but seemed to change his mind.
“What?”
“We’re friends”, he defended himself, taking the beer a bit too forcefully, “And as friends, we share things with each other, it’s normal”.
WARNING: some gore and explicit descriptions.
Peter did as he was told and very soon the animals were hoarding the remaining goblins into a corner. Harley, taking full advantage of it, put his sword back on its scabbard and turned to where the goblins were. Suddenly, smoke started to come from his nostrils and the rest of the gang watched, astonished, as he opened his mouth and fire came out of it, burning the desperate goblins until they were nothing more but a pile of ashes. Harvey turned around, looking at his friends with absolute pride in his face.
There was still a lot to discuss, and Tony’s doubts hadn’t been completely wiped out, but, for the time being, the mechanic decided to forget his shitty past and let himself enjoy the very pleasant present. Whatever the future held, he would deal with it later.
, the voice would say inside his head, sounding an awful lot like Sam,
“Yep”, Bucky replied with a smirk.
“All here, Mr. Stane”, the red headed woman said, putting the papers on his desk, “Is there anything else I can do for you tonight?”
“I’m in my room. Please, please, will you come here, please?” the child begged once more, sniffling.
“Okay. Now, Clint and I will investigate the lawyer’s death. Might be something there that can help us”, Bucky said, “What are we doing about the evidence in his computer, though?”
“I can’t imagine what that was like”.
“His name is Ivan Vanko. I got a call from Jones a few hours ago. We had a team waiting for him in the airport, but they didn’t find him. Coulson knew too, they were looking for him at the gala. I guess they missed him”.
“We should check all the buildings”, Natasha commented, “And look for survivors”.
“I’m working”, she said as greeting.
"You have a perfectly good room a few doors down. Go there and keep watching".
“Before you shoot”, Tony shouted, putting his hands in the air, “Before you shoot… I need to know… I need to know who you are. I need to know why I’m dying!”
Steve hadn’t lived here in quite a while, a year to be exact, but for some reason Bucky couldn’t fathom the place looked well lived in. There were portraits everywhere ― Steve and Bucky at the METs game; Natasha, Steve and Sam playing videogames; Steve and Thor singing karaoke ―, not to mention the plates drying beside the sink and the pillows on the floor in the middle of the leaving room.
“Tony Stark, will you marry me?”
“Simple”, Bucky smiled, “We throw a party”.
“I’ve never heard of that”, Steve replied, suspicious.
The gang looked at him, completely baffled, before whooping and clapping, while Harvey took a bow. However, they were interrupted by an arrow that missed Ned’s head by an inch. Michele immediately turned to the source and raised her hand in said direction. The air around them suddenly became heavy and a smell of what they assumed was sulfur filled their noses. A red ball of light shot from Michele’s hand, hitting the goblin who had just attacked them right on the head. Everyone groaned and turned away as his head exploded in a thousand pieces.
Steve pressed his lips into a thin line, looking anywhere but at Bucky. “I felt… Weird”.
“Hammer tech is crap, man”, Bucky complained, getting up.
Before any of them could say anything else, Coulson appeared on the door, a cellphone on his hands.
He sat on the floor, in the middle of the kitchen, the box of cookies on his lap. He ate and cried and thought of a family he’d never had and of a father figure that he’d never see again. He cried about all the marks, the visible and the hidden ones, that were left in his body by Howard, by Tiberius, by the Ten Rings. And on that night, as tears ran down his face, he made himself a promise: they would never hurt him again.
“Can I get you anything? How about some champagne to celebrate?”
“Time to pay a little visit to my godson”.
“Maybe you have a mole amongst your soldiers”, Natasha offered.
“We’ve been searching for fifteen minutes at best”, Natasha replied, not turning around to look at her teammate, “Look, I know this whole ‘mind control’ thing is freaking you out, especially after Loki, but you have your wristband. She’s not going to control you, or any of us for that matter”.
“I dislocated my jaw that night you were here and Clint told them it was because I was giving you a blow job”.
“Now, you three”, the Director said, turning back to them. Her serious expression broke into an amused one, “Has Tony figured out who you are yet?”
Dr. Connely looked at Ross, horrified, mouthing ‘it’s her’.
“So, you’re here for the super soldier serum too?”
“I feel something horrible is coming…”
“You’re kidding”.
This time, Steve looked properly apologetic. “You’re right. I’m sorry, I should have called”.
Steve frowned, looking confused. “Oh, you’ve been there?”
couldn’t handle that right now. But Clint was looking at him with those eyes, just waiting for an answer, acting as if this party was the most important thing in the world for him.
He jumped down from the bed and found his shoes, trying to put them on as fast as he could. Before he could finish, though, a soldier entered the small room, posting himself by the door, staring silently at Steve. The young artist stared right back, trying to calm himself down.
The posters covered all of the corridor.
She turned around and looked over the other side of the room. There was a big glass box right in front of the TV. She walked slowly towards it and almost yelped when she finally saw what was inside. The box was in fact an airtight container and, inside, was the dead body of an older Anton Vanko. Jessica raised her camera and quickly took some pictures of the barely decomposed body, trying very hard not to vomit.
Tony hated many things. He hated when Rhodey put ketchup on his pasta, he hated when his bagels came with sesame seed, and he hated mustard. He hated when his dad told him that he wasn’t good enough and he hated the fact that his parents were gone and he was all alone. Tony Stark hated a whole lot of things, but he was pretty sure that there was nothing in his life that he hated more than the desert. His prison cell looked more like a Batcave, if Batman had lost all his money, sold all his tech to pay his debts and had decided to lock himself in it to live the rest of his days as a hermit. And let’s not mention the fact that a few weeks ago, Tony had gone through open-heart surgery with no anesthetics and had now a deep hole in his body the size of a small fist to which a car battery was attached, being the only thing stopping the shards of a bomb HE had made from crawling to his heart and killing him. All of that was bad, very bad, and of course Tony hated the whole situation, but it was the desert he hated the most.
“Trust me, Peg, you’ll change your mind once the sun comes up and you see the beautiful view of the beach. There’s nothing like it”, Howard replied, giving her a kiss on the cheek with a smile that could light up an entire room.
“Yes. Yes, I’m sure”.
“Definitely”, Steve said, taking a sip of his glass and looking at Bucky, “At least this time nobody woke up in the middle of a corn field with no pants on”.
“And if that Harry Potter knockoff is wrong, well then, we’ll probably be dead or mind controlled. Both are equally bad in my book”, Clint replied with a shudder.
Tony took out his phone and put it on the table in the middle of the room, “JARVIS, can you hear me?”
“So, don’t you wanna know why we’re trying to figure out who the dead guy was?”
“So, tell me, why did you give up?”
He pulled back so quickly the bag turned over; a human skull rolled right out of it.
“Right? So, you like the idea, let’s have a party?”
“There was a very good chance you’d never remember. I just wanted you to be happy”, Tony explained, his eyes filling with tears, “Even if it wasn’t with me”.
Both Natasha and Bucky looked up. “Oh, it’s
I’M GONNA SEND YOU THE THING
When he was finished, he looked at Erskine, curious.
“Then you’re going to love this place”.
Tony woke up in pain. He blinked against the light coming from the uncovered windows and, as consciousness came, so did the annoying ache in his jaw. Moaning loudly, he took his hand to it, feeling it around. It felt… weird. He ran his tongue along his teeth, with his mouth still closed, and noticed that they didn’t align. Yeah, definitely something weird going on.
“Nothing relevant, Captain”, he replied, hands behind his back once more, “We’ll start the searches tomorrow at zero six hundred hours. The target is a major contributor to the U.S. Military so they’re focusing a lot of resources on this, not only soldiers but high tech equipment as well. It should help”.
“Everything is fine, Cap. We’re just happy that Bruce is making his famous
adventure?”
“Oh my God”, Barton suddenly exclaimed, “Steve came home last night”.
“Sure, yeah, sounds fun”, Steve replied, entering his apartment, Bucky right behind him.
Steve took a step closer and softly touched Tony’s face, a small smile on his lips.
Tony turned back to Steve. “Remember the
“Please don’t cry. I can’t stand to see you cry”.
Steve nodded. “Then tell him I’ll be here waiting”.
. Yeah, great plan, kudos”, Clint complained, but still followed his friends into the elevator.
“All I’m saying, master Anthony, is that Mrs. Jarvis and I believe that some people are destined to meet. And sometimes, when people are being stubborn, or clueless, or when the world decides to make it difficult, fate intervenes and puts those people on each other’s paths. What happens after that, well, it is up to them, isn’t it?”
“HEY”, Clint complained from his seat in the front, turning around to glare at the target, “A little gratitude would be nice. We did just rescue you, jackass”.
“You don’t know who you’re messing with, boy”, Stane replied, trying to sound menacing, but looking clearly stunned after Tony’s little speech, “You don’t have what it takes to win this fight”.
“Come now, my boy. You can’t afford to be that naïve”.
“I was IN the army, Shellhead. I know about army regulations and they’re definitely breaking at least a dozen of them”.
Tony, who was sitting down on their bed, wearing only his pajama pants, looked up at Steve.
“Damn right I did. The guy I’d been madly in love with for two years wanted to date me, you bet your ass I ran to him”.
They stayed silent all the way back to the tower. Steve tried to get Tony to talk, but the brunette would only answer his questions with a nod and a curt reply, all the while with a smile that Steve knew he reserved specially for the press.
Tony shrugged. “I thought it would be better that way. Anyway, could you give him back the dog tags?”, unable to stand there any longer without completely breaking down, Tony took a deep breath and started walking towards the elevator, “Thanks, terminator, I own you one”.
Tony gave him an odd look. “How do you know?”
Bucky and Natasha exchanged an amused look.
It had been a Wednesday and a very busy day when the call came. She had been so focused on her conversation with Agent Fury that she’d almost missed the call. She quickly answered the phone, apologizing to the young agent for the interruption while assuring him it was too important a call to miss, and almost passed out with worry when she heard her darling boy sobbing on the other end of the like.
He was begging. He looked so sad and so lost, Tony’s heart melted a little. So, he crossed his arms and waited for Steve to talk.
“She kicked!” Tony exclaimed with a big smile.
“Tempting, but there’s no way I’m leaving my house, Cap”.
eager Tony kissing his way down his body, they’d had a very frank talk over breakfast. Steve had opened his heart to the mechanic without fear or hesitation. Tony, on his part, had listened intently with a smile on his face and, when the blond was finally finished with his speech, had simply replied with a very emotional
Tony nodded.
Suddenly, they heard a scream. They exchanged a quick look before running towards the sound, breaking the door down. Inside the last room was a little girl, looking absolutely terrified. She was sitting in a corner, hiding her head on her knees, crying. In front of her, there was a man covered in blood, with clear shot wounds all over his torso. Natasha quickly leapt across the room, jumping on the man’s back and using both her Widow Bites right on his neck. It did nothing but piss him off. He used one of his arms to grab her and throw her across the room with a loud groan. She fell on a broken bed, immediately trying to get up as he turned his full attention towards her. She drew her gun and shot him. Once, twice, but nothing happened. Then, there was another shot. The man’s head exploded and he fell forward like a big sack of potatoes. Behind him was Clint, pointing his own gun while holding the little girl on his arms, her head buried on his neck as she trembled.
Suddenly, Steve felt it. It was a tiny, but very strong kick. His eyes widened and he looked at Tony with a bright smile.
Too soon, the kiss ended. Tony rested his forehead on his, breathing heavily, eyes still closed.
good morning”, Tony said pointedly looking at Steve’s crotch, “Would be even better if you were naked and in bed with me”.
And the world stopped. He felt the cold glass beneath his hands as he pressed them against the window that separated him from the love of his life. He felt the tears streaming down his face as he stared at Steve, lying there, unmoving. He felt the Earth stop moving and saw the colors disappear from this world, slowly and gradually, turning everything blurry and gray. The sound of the heart monitor was the only thing he could hear. He did not hear Thor gasp. He did not hear Clint’s soft
A chair was pulled beside Tony and Steve sat down with a smile on his face.
“For fuck’s sake, Bucky, stop looking at him
“Done, sir”, the private said a few minutes later.
“Or what?” Tony asked defiantly, “You’ll kill me?”
“You liked them?”
It could have been just a fling. They could have parted ways the next morning with a very sore ass ― in Tony’s case ― and a wonderful memory to cherish. But Tony woke up to the smell of coffee and freshly baked bagels and went to the kitchen, only to find a very naked Steve wearing a Captain America apron. Needless to say, breakfast was forgotten as Tony sucked Steve’s cock right there on the floor and the blond moaned his name until he came in Tony’s throat.
“We couldn’t possibly…”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, pulling him closer by the shoulders.
“She’s beautiful. She’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen in my life”.
Steve smiled. “First thing we’re going to do… We’re going to hire the best damn lawyer in this country and we’re going to take a look at your father’s will. Because I know your father was an asshole, Tony, but from what you’ve told me, and what I’ve heard from him, he was all about legacy and names. And I seriously doubt he’d leave everything to someone other than his son”.
“Cool. So, you wanna get lunch? You’re paying”.
And with a last nod, he got on his motorcycle and drove away.
Tony smiled again. “I guess we’ll see about that. You ever come here, or anywhere near me, again and I’ll have you arrested for harassment. Have a good day, Obie… You know, while you can”.
“Like you were what?”
On Saturday, Steve sent a small robot plushie with another note.
Sorry for the delay, guys! I finally got the new Animal Crossing and I just couldn't put it down, plus quarantine had me spiraling these few days. Hope everyone is doing well and being safe!
“Isn’t Tony worth it?”
During her pregnancy, Maria Stark had fallen victim to the newest tendency amongst the rich socialites of California: the all natural birth. She had insisted that little Anthony should be born in their home, surrounded by his loved ones as opposed to a hospital full of loud machines and strangers. She had nearly driven her husband insane with worry and, despite his very passionate speeches about her safety as well as the baby’s, she’d had the final word on the matter. And so, Anthony had been born in the mansion’s master bedroom, with the help of a very competent midwife and under Anna Jarvis’ watchful eye. Margaret heard the unhappy wails of the baby before she and Howard had even entered the room. The ever proper Maria held the baby awkwardly in her arms, looking nothing like the very composed socialite Margaret knew her to be, her eyes dropping lightly most likely from the tiredness brought by the very difficult birth.
“Home sweet home!”
Tony was sitting on his sofa, fully dressed and ready for his date. He was staring at the big bouquet of flowers and the box of Swiss chocolate, which cost more than his rent and he knew that because he had googled it and had almost fallen from his chair when he saw the price. But they were good. God, they were really good. He’d had one right after the very grumpy driver had delivered them and they simply melted in his mouth, the perfect combination of sweet and bitter. He’d eaten half the box already.
“I’m sorry?”, Stane asked, feigning surprise.
Tony rolled his eyes and followed Steve to the kitchen, sitting down on the tall stool. He watched the other man taking pans and cups from the cabinets as if he’d been living there for years, completely comfortable in Tony’s kitchen. The loud noise of yet another thunder filled the room once more, making the engineer wince.
He saw the flash of hurt passing through her eyes, the sadness that seemed to set in them. It wasn’t fair, he knew. Aunt Peggy had done everything that she could to protect Tony. It wasn’t her fault that that hadn’t been enough. He refused to apologize for his words, however. Tony stood his ground, head held high, staring his aunt down with such determination that, after a few seconds, she finally relented with a sigh.
It had taken her a few days to find the man responsible for the cameras that particular night. Adrian Toomes, 51 years old, recently opened a small electronics firm with an old friend. Jessica was currently sitting right outside his house, snapping pictures with her camera. The house was big and looked expensive; she’d bet her right kidney that there was a big pool on the backyard. Fancy stuff for a guy who up until a year ago was working as a night watchman for a shitty security company. It was suspicious enough to make Jessica curious.
“You look absolutely delicious”, Steve whispered in his ear, softly biting the lobe. He ran his lips down Tony’s neck, his teeth lightly grazing the skin as he did so.
“If you’re expecting your SHIELD friend to come save you, you’ll be sorely disappointed. He’s been taken care of already”.
“TONY!”
He took the elevator to Steve’s apartment and opened the door with a smile on his face. He couldn’t wait to see Steve and hug him and kiss him. Tony had had boyfriends before, but none of them had been even remotely like Steve. He was sweet, kind, understanding. Sometimes, Tony just had to look at him and his heart would fill with so much love and happiness he actually felt like he might explode. And being able to see him, everyday, to sleep and wake up in his arms, it was just the best feeling in the world. He was amazing.
“You didn’t know, Tony…”
A drawing of two figures, a blond and a brunette, pointing at the many spaceships that flew around the paper.
gets the lift?”
Tony read every single one of them with a small smile on his face, completely ignoring everyone else who just stood there, watching him. He finally got to the last one.
“Water for me, please, Miss Potts”, Steve intervened.
, Goddamn it!”, Tony insisted, stomping his foot.
“Yes. Yes, that is you. Sorry, I just… like drawing”.
He smiled and sent Steve back a heart, drinking his coffee ― thank God Happy had been smart enough to stop at a coffee shop ― and thinking of how exactly he was going to explain himself to Steve later.
He smiled. “Not on your life, soldier”, he whispered before meeting his lover half way, slamming their lips together in a desperate kiss. Tony slowly ran his hands down Steve’s chest and played a bit with the hem of the towel while they thoroughly explored each other’s mouths. The mechanic finally broke the kiss, running his lips down Steve’s chin and neck. He untied the towel around his lover’s waist and smiled wickedly at him.
“We need the documents”, Natasha confirmed, putting down her beer, “They’ll have dates, timetables, names… That’s what we need”.
“Good. We’ll keep you posted”, Steve replied. He looked around, examining the beach where they’d landed.
“Cool. So,”, he started talking but then stopped, looking down at Steve’s notebook and then taking it from Steve’s hand,“…Wait, is this… Is this me?”
“Why the hell not?”
“Yeah, he is. I honestly can’t remember a time in my life when Bucky wasn’t with me. Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky”.
“So”, Steve said, pressing the elevator button.
“It is, Thor. Steve didn’t propose”.
Steve blinked, utterly confused at Bucky’s behavior. He opened his mouth to answer, but closed it again when he noticed everyone was looking at them.
“Nah, no trouble. I’m the boss”.
“There’s smoke. There, near the mountains!”, Bucky shouted, pointed at the place where thick, black smoke was rising slowly.
stopped and his mind felt empty. He looked to the side and saw Wanda, her eyes and finger red as the soft mist of the same color slowly twirled around him. He stared at the Scarlet Witch’s eyes as his body began to feel light and relaxed. And that’s when he heard it.
“That’s…” Steve tried to deny it, but, in the end, merely sighed and agreed, “Yep, that’s exactly what I’m doing”.
“Yeah, thanks for that, Tony, we really appreciate it!”
Tony looked Steve dead in the eye and, with a forced lower tone, replied, “You calling me a liar?”
Tony nodded and smiled at Steve.
“Come on now, my boy!” Stane exclaimed, turning back to face his godson, “You don’t have much of a cho…”
Hope you like this ending! There's another fic I'm working on, check it out! It's supposed to be super fluff and funny and perfect for everyone who has watched the movie and needs a break!
“And Director Carter knows that. She knew that when she put me on this mission so I’m gonna do things my way… And if she isn’t happy about it, well, she can just…”
Tony huffed, crossing his arms above his huge belly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Boys, boys, let’s not make a scene”, Obadiah said with a fake smile on his face, “We’re in public”.
“You… Bastard…” he tried to say, but his mouth moved in a weird way, making his words sound sluggish and wrong.
, Jarvis. He wanted Sharon”.
“Shit. Okay. Please, don’t tell Stevie I’m telling you this because this is something you two should talk about yourselves later, but I’m gonna give you the short version”, he said with a sigh, sitting down on a stool nearby, “Stevie started the company after we came back. We started small and then suddenly we were the biggest thing in the security business. That’s when he met Ophelia. She was beautiful, charismatic and supposedly super in love with Stevie. She was the perfect woman. She fooled all of us. Turns out she was a spy for HYDRA Corp. Stevie spent months giving her everything she wanted, clothes, perfumes, even a goddamn car, and she was tricking him the entire time. Nearly broke him when he found out. So yeah, you could say I’m a little overprotective”.
Hill huffed, quickly adjusting her expression to a more professional one. “No, nothing at the moment. You do have three very important meetings later, one of them with General Ross. You might want to prepare”.
“Well, guess what, Obie. I know my value. I know that will is fake. And I will take back
didn’t want to know about his sex life, thank you very much.
“Steve? I can… I can leave if you want, it’s ok…”
She turned the helicopter around and smiled. Sure enough, there he was, with a shirt wrapped around his head, swinging his arms. The man fell to the ground just as Rhodey jumped out of the chopper, running towards him as fast as he could, Steve and Bucky right behind him. Rhodey fell on his knees right in front of his best friend, the biggest smile on his face.
“Tony? What the hell…”
he thought, staring at the wall in front of him,
“But how is he gonna come in if we don’t have a chimney?”
“He’s dead”.
“No, but it’s perfect. Steve is very possessive. When he was sweet on Peggy Carter, he heard Howard mention
The robot in question let his shirt go and raised its claw ― or was it its head? Maybe it was both ―, opening and closing it as if he was blinking at Steve.
Gulmira…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TMkXd8lXbM&t=1778s
With a determined look, Bucky went straight for the stairs. “FRIDAY, get the others. I’m done with this”.
“All the shit inside your big ass head”.
“And now Steve is in a hospital bed after passing out in the middle of said party and we have no idea what happened to him?”
“I really think they would rather celebrate alone, Clint”, Natasha informed her friend while hugging and congratulating Tony.
Home. And then the real work would begin.
he thought to himself); or maybe Steve would find out about the relationship and be disgusted by it and never want to see Tony again. So many possibilities, it was honestly driving him crazy.
“Trust me, it’s hilarious”, Steve replied, opening the car door for him and helping Tony get inside, “Come on, I’ll drive you home”.
“So, Stane is our guy? Can’t we just arrest him?”
“There’s a computer”, Steve said, pointing to the machine. Tony quickly walked over to it and started typing.
“Stane told me to distract him. He saw the agents, he was going to make a run for it”, he whimpered again, closing his eyes, “So I distracted him. But someone hit me from behind and… Where’s Tony?”
“He can’t stay. Maybe some other time, right Tony?” Steve interrupted again, looking at Tony with a desperate look on his face.
“7 it is”, Steve replied with a big smile.
They all jumped when a sudden, very loud clap of thunder filled the clearing. Smoke appeared out of nowhere and the gang covered their eyes, coughing. Finally, the white smoke dissipated and they noticed a tall figure in the middle of it.
“What’s all this?”, he asked, walking towards his partner.
“We’re going to bring him down”, Bucky promised with a determined look, making Tony smile and nod.
“A very good mood, Happy”, he replied while searching for the best five stars restaurants in New York.
“I’ll pay for the whole thing”.
you were”, Natasha replied, rolling her eyes.
Sue cleared her throat, rolling her eyes, “Darling, not here”.
“That’s right. The general, who never ate anything other than meat and potatoes, that very night decided to try some local cuisine. He spent the night throwing up and called Mr. Jarvis for help. I was tasked with cleaning up the room. And that’s how we met. Fate”.
“Yep”.
Bucky unconsciously touched his metal arm, squeezing it lightly. “Yeah. You’re right. I’m sorry”.
He turned and walked as fast as he could to the elevator. He heard Clint and Natasha calling for him, but he ignored them. As soon as he got inside the elevator, FRIDAY ― thank God for his beautiful, amazing AI ―  closed the doors. But not before he saw Steve’s face, full of regret.
“They’re in the Tower! Is he insane?”
“Objectively speaking, there was no reason why Mrs. Jarvis and I should meet. A war was raging outside and I was merely a soldier, unable to afford even a drink at the hotel she worked. But fate intervened”.
Steve stared at the papers. “This solution you’re talking about. What does it entail?”
“You want me to flirt with pen guy?”
Steve frowned. “Of course I… Oh. The kitchen incident?”
“I’m here. I love you. I’ll never leave you”.
“No, it’s not”, he kneeled in front of his partner, taking his hands, “Tony, it’s not fine. And it’s perfectly okay if you’re mad at me”.
”, he said the last word in a mocking tone, “he just wants me to meet his boyfriend. So I said I’d bring you”.
Tony gestured towards him, as if saying ‘
“Hey, talk to Bucky, okay? Let me know if I need to make some calls”, Tony said, giving Steve a hug, “everything is going to be fine”, he whispered, before leaving.
“Sorry about your bitch girlfriend”.
“You’re not… Tony, you know you’re not… that… to me”.
“Ok, I’m guessing we’re gonna have to play along with we want to get out of here”, Peter whispered to the others, who nodded in agreement.
Immediately, Wanda cried out as she closed her eyes and held her head with both hands, clearly in pain. Tony finally managed to get out of Thor’s strong hold and ran to the glass window on the wall that separated them from Steve. He watched horrified as Cho and the other doctor desperately tried to revive the super soldier while the machine screamed at them. Then, came the sound. A long piercing sound echoed in the room in a never ending loop.
“It’s Walmart”, Steve said calmly, shrugging, “I just saw a woman wearing her panties on the outside”.
Steve glared at his boyfriend, “Good job, Tony”, then, turning to the little girl, “That’s a bad word, sweetheart, we can’t say that”.
“Ok”.
“Look, what you did was shitty as hell”, the mechanic replied, sitting down next to him on the clean stool, “I understand your reasons, but it was still fucking shitty. I had to take a lot of shit from a lot of people before and that’s not gonna fly anymore. I really like Steve, but I’m not going to let people treat me like crap. Got that?”
Bucky knew immediately what it was. “No, no, Tony, come on”.
with Director Carter, mainly because Steve was going to meet Tony, but also because he was pretty sure his friend would tell Clint all about said meeting, in excruciating detail, and he didn’t feel like being made fun of at the moment. Of course, he didn’t count on Tony almost passing out from laughing after he told him what happened. He did find a way to shut him up, however, and he had to admit, it was a very pleasurable one. Their passion was something Steve had never experienced before in his life. Being with Tony was like burning from the inside out; he needed Tony like a thirsty man in the middle of the desert needed water. The raw need was so strong, so powerful, sometimes he could barely contain it. It was unlike anything he’d ever felt before and he loved every minute of it.
“Steve… Imagine you don’t want a
“Bad news is he left a while ago carrying a bag”, she replied, taking the paper from the tray and looking at the printed map with Stark’s shop’s address on it, “and I have very good reason to believe he’s on his way to New York to kill Tony Stark”.
“Shit, it’s Hog… Hoger…”
I KNOW
"They're called Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans and you know it, you nerd", Clint shouted just as the door closed, making Natasha smile.
“MAGIC?” Dr. Connely asked, outraged.
Tony turned and looked to where Rhodey was pointing. Indeed, the corridor was full of posters with phrases and little drawings. He started walking, slowly, stopping at every single one.
“A little bit, yeah. But I happen to like weird”, Tony replied, taking Steve’s hand and pulling him towards the door, “So, were you actually going to marry him? Because, to be honest, you could totally do so much better”, he joked when the blonde pulled him closer, arm on his shoulders, hugging him.
“It’s no trouble”, Steve replied with a smile.
“I’ll send someone to pick up the car tomorrow”, he said, before closing the door, “And maybe after I could take you to dinner? You know, as a thank you for the clothes. And for lending me your phone”.
“Are we really sure these are going to work?” Bruce asked, looking at his own bracelet again.
Tony looked at him as he laughed and smiled, really smiled, for the first time since his conversation with Tiberius. And in that moment, laughing along with the man he’d literally just met in a supermarket, Tony finally felt like maybe things would be alright again.
The corridor it showed was painted with blood and filled with the bodies of fallen soldiers. A shadow like creature suddenly stepped into view. It walked slowly, seemingly unaffected by the carnage surrounding her. It stopped in the middle of the corridor and looked around before making an unusual gesture with its hand. The bodies around it then started to move. Slowly, the got on their knees and then on their feet, as if nothing had happened, as if they’d been merely waking from an afternoon nap.
“Well, you love Bucky, don’t you?”
Tony put the cup on the nightstand after finishing it and turned around. “Will you get into trouble? You could call in sick or something”.
“Coulson’s sick. He can’t make it”.
, Natasha replied in a rushed tone,
He finally left the workshop almost two weeks after the kitchen incident. He pretended nothing had ever happened, waved Steve’s apology as if everything was alright and refused every invitation to spend time with the team, especially when Steve was there. He mostly kept to himself and waited for Dr. Strange and Thor to come back with that
“What else was in that will, Tony?” Matthew called their attention to the subject at hand once more.
“Ivan Vanko”.
Steve narrowed his eyes, clearly not believing a word out of Clint’s mouth, but he didn’t have time to argue. He turned back as soon as he heard the familiar
Steve replied.
I'm pretty sure I wrote and deleted this chapter at least 50 times, but at last, it is finished. At first I thought about going straight to the moment Steve wakes up, but then inspiration came and I thought this would be better.
“Absolutely not”, Director Carter instantly replied, as if she had been expecting this all along and, given how well she knew her godson, that wouldn’t be far from the truth.
As they entered the decorated hall, Doctor Reed saw them and waved, softly touching his wife’s arm to get her attention then pointed at Tony and Steve. She excused herself from her conversation and they both walked towards the couple, welcoming them to the party.
Tony put his hands together and then pulled them apart, making the tower bigger and its rooms more visible.
“That’s low, Stevie”.
“I do not understand. I thought the Midgardian custom was to present your beloved with a ring, not a watch”.
Steve snorted and then, unable to hold himself any longer, he threw his head back, holding his stomach as he laughed out loud.
Tony turned around and looked at him, bewildered, “WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU BRING ME A REAL ONE?”
“Ok. Ok, but there are too many goblins down there. How can we fight them all?”
The agents blinked in confusion, looking at each other with wide eyes.
"He didn't fire me. The mission was over, there was no reason for me to stay there any longer, so I left".
“You knew he’d find out?” Steve asked.
“I’m late for work”, the blonde said.
Steve almost killed himself in that moment. He put his cup on the nearby coffee table, trying desperately to get some air into his lungs while simultaneously trying
, Steve thought, frustrated. He needed to talk to Tony. Find out what exactly had caused such a strong reaction, so they could work on it.
“Can I… Can I sing to her? My ma used to sing this song, I just…” he tried to explain, embarrassed that he had just asked Tony if he could sing to his belly.
“About what? Tony, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“What?” the blonde almost shouted, seeming very angry.
He shrugged. “It’s a free country”.
“Alright, Tony”, Natasha finally said, holding her friend’s hand, “We’ll do it your way. But if he asks a direct question, then we’re not going to lie, ok?”
“Who the hell are these people? They don’t look military”, the target asked, lying his head on Rhodes’ shoulder.
Steve turned around, glaring at his friends.
Tony is a BAMF and he's not playing around anymore.
“Yeah, yeah, totally fine”, he answered, taking a quick look inside before turning to Tony, the door still almost closed, as if he was afraid Tony might just walk in if he opened it a little bit more.
“We can’t”, Bruce promptly answered, “If we do that and they get together and Tony finds out… It will be much worse”.
“Your mission”, the Director continued, making all agents turn their full attention to her once more, “is to locate my nephew and bring him home. Alive”, she added, stressing the last word. “You will fly to Bagram Air Base, where you will meet Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. He will accompany you in your searches. Are there any questions?”
He huffed and took out his phone, turning to leave the waiting area.
“But then you had to go ahead and start talking about being CEO and about Stark Industries and how you wanted to change things. Don’t get me wrong, my boy, I knew you could do it. I knew you could completely change the company and still bring the money to my pockets, but, you see… I had some really faithful clients that I knew wouldn’t like this whole revamping the company very much. So I had to get you out of the game, Tony, for your own good, your own safety”.
. The smile immediately disappeared, giving way to a look of absolute terror.
Tony confirmed it with a nod and continued reading.
The name and face of the Director of SHIELD was such a well kept secret that it had become a bit of a legend amongst the agents. Some said he was a military man who had singlehandedly fought against the enemy’s forces and emerged victorious, saving Fury in the process, who had lost an eye during said battle. Others said he was, in fact, the President of the United States and SHIELD was just a cover for the government to do in secret things it couldn’t do in public. And then there were the agents who thought the Director was actually Nick Fury himself and he was just trying to create some sort of mystique around his true identity. Steve had heard all of these theories in the last five years he’d worked for SHIELD. He had even created some himself when curiosity got the best of him. Maybe it said something about him that not once, in all these years, he pictured the fearsome Director of SHIELD as a beautiful brunette wearing bright red lipstick.
Steve softly kissed Tony’s neck.
By the time Steve and Bucky left Tony’s house, it was already dark outside. The engineer had assured them that there was absolutely no need of standing guard outside because JARVIS was more than capable of protecting him. Not only that, but the AI had also hacked all the cameras along the street and was constantly on alert for any possible threats. Steve had briefly wondered if Tony might have noticed a certain blonde on the top of a nearby building sometimes, but didn’t say anything.
Tiberius Stone woke up with a start, spitting the liquid that had found its way into his mouth. He moaned in pain as soon as he moved, touching the back of his head with his hand.
“THERE! IT LOOKS LIKE A PERSON!”, she shouted to the others.
“You don’t have to answer that, Obie. Let
“I understand you’re nervous and worried… but all we can do right now is wait. Why don’t you go to the gift shop and buy your husband something, huh? It’s common for fathers to give their loved ones a gift right after the baby is born”.
“Steve, it’s a party. I’m safe. Go pee, for the love of Tesla”.
“You remember this one, right?” Stane said, crouching in front of Tony and showing him a small device.
“Tony, calm down or we’re gonna have to sedate you”, Natasha said. She tried to grab his face, to force him to look at her and not at the closed door where Steve had just gone through, but stopped before she could touch him, looking at her bloodied hands.
“So I accept your apology”.
Everyone else quickly followed, repeating the words amidst laughs.
“Indeed it is, Stevie. I’m starting to think you have a crush on Mr. Stark”.
“When did you find this?” Steve asked, getting closer to the table and taking a long look at the skull.
But Coulson had, apparently, heard him. “She is a normal teenager by day and an internationally famous singer by night. She’s Batman. What’s not to like?”
“Thanks for… you know, staying here with me”.
, jumped to conclusions and spent the entire walk back to base fuming that Peggy deserved better, that Howard wouldn’t treat a dame like her right, and blah blah blah”, Bucky said, rolling his eyes, “I’m telling you, that walk back was the worst thing that ever happened to me”.
GREETINGS, MY FRIENDS. I SEE THE GOOD CAPTAIN HAS DECIDED TO WED THE MAN OF IRON. A MUCH JOYOUS OCCASION. I HAVE ALREADY BESTOWED MY CONGRATULATIONS UPON THE SON OF STARK OVER THIS HAPPY NEWS.
“We’re not just friends and you fucking know it”, he shouted, tears coming down his face now, “I tried to be understanding, I tried to give you time, but FUCK YOU, STEVE. You keep saying you’re afraid of what your friends are going to say, but CLINT IS GAY AND NOBODY GIVES A FUCK. I’m done trying to make excuses for you. Your friends are not the problem, your family is not the problem, the problem is YOU. WE’RE DONE”.
“Hey, hey, Mr. San Bernardo, quit getting my nice clean floor all wet”, said a voice in front of him in a joking tone.
“Ah, the strawberry one, yeah. And the coconut one”.
Stane looked at him with wide disbelieving eyes, “You…”
“You’re just scared to go back to that scene because deep down you know I’m right”.
“Steve? What’s wrong?” Tony asked from the front row, getting up.
“Sir, the technology that would allow us to do what you’re asking, it’s… It simply does not exist”.
This time, Steve looked absolutely horrified. “WHAT? You thought I was going to propose?”
“Are you kidding? I’m working”, Natasha complained.
“Well, I’m a mechanic…”
, he thought to himself. Even though he was scared, Tony knew he had to try. There was no other choice. And so, with a deep breath and hoping to a God he didn’t quite believe in that everything would turn out okay, he left his hiding spot and, as slowly and silently as possible, made his way out of the room and into the corridor. He looked both ways before running and hiding behind the secretary’s desk.
“What’s the name?”
“JARVIS will stay up and tell him”.
“You’re doing it again. Falling head over heels over someone you’ve barely met. Look, I’m all for you meeting new people and dating. God knows you need to get laid. But you need to go slowly, okay? One step at a time”.
“I put my tongue in your mouth daily, Natasha, I can handle your germs”, he replied with his mouth still full, earning a slap on the back of the head.
hoped that this time would be different.
So, the chapter is finally here. Honestly, I re-wrote this a thousand times and nothing I wrote was good enough, including this version, but I decided to just accept this and move on lol I realized any scene I wrote regarding their reunion would not be good enough, so I just wrote what felt natural. I hope you guys like it.
Tony just stared at him, not really knowing what to say.
Bruce’s voice suddenly filled their ears, making both men jump.
“Come on! You said Tony was it, right? That you felt like you two were just meant to be together! So let’s do it. If they really like each other, they’re not gonna give us the time of day, but if they don’t…”
Steve moaned again, thrusting his hips forward to meet Tony’s hand. The mechanic kissed him again, a slight peck on the corner of his mouth, and very slowly kneeled in front of him, his wet lips leaving a trail from Steve’s mouth all the way to his waist, before finally taking his cock in his mouth, moaning as he did so.
, Tony thought as the hands stopped close enough to his face that he could smell the metallic scent coming from them,
“Language”, Steve replied absentmindedly, earning a snort from his teammate.
Suddenly Bucky jumped on the couch, crouching and looking at Steve with wide eyes, “Stevie, Stevie, hear me out. You said Tony flirted with you, right?”
“That bad, huh?”
― as the doors closed.
“Would you like some wine?” Steve asked.
Five years later...
“I bought him from Stane. And I don’t think it was just a coincidence. I think he called me to his new tower today for this exact purpose. I think he knows where you are and what you are to me, Tony”.
Steve looked like he’d been slapped when Tony said “fuck buddies”.
Bucky nodded, biting his lip, apprehensive.
“No”, Natasha replied before anyone could say anything, “Thank you, Murdock, but no. If Howard and Maria Stark were, in fact, murdered, then the police covered it up. Stane most likely has some people in his pocket. Requesting those files will only raise suspicion. You hit him with the will and keep his attention there. We’ll take care of the rest”, she said, nodding towards Clint and promptly receiving a firm nod back.
They both laughed at that. Steve took Tony’s hand in his and squeezed it lightly.
Tony opened his eyes and untangled himself from Steve. Both turned their eyes to DUM-E, who seemed confused.
Steve tried to school his expression, tried very hard not to let the anger show on his face.
Jessica stood there, not really believing what she had just witnessed. She looked around once more, as the pieces of the puzzle slowly fell into place. Anton Vanko had worked on this arc reactor thing with Howard Stark before being discovered as a spy and sent to prison. Apparently, his son, Ivan, hadn’t taken this very well. It was obvious the Vankos had a grudge against the Starks. And it was even more obvious that Ivan had become a bit… unstable after everything that had happened. He hadn’t killed the Starks for money, he’d done for revenge. He’d kept the evidence of his crime and kept it on repeat on the shitty TV so his dead father could watch it again and again and again.
It was almost midnight when they finally arrived at the auto shop. Steve got out of the car and opened the door for Tony, walking with him to the door.
“Shit”, Clint whispered, grabbing his partner’s hand and squeezing it.
It was already nightfall when the team finally arrived at Bagram Air Base, the cold air of the desert slipping through their clothes as they exited the quinjet. A tall, dark skinned man was waiting for them. He stood there, in the middle of the base, hands behind his back, waiting for the team to approach him with a serious, if not worried, expression. He quickly extended his hand when Steve came close enough to grab it.
“Ah, Anthony! Steven! Welcome!”
let him escape”.
Three months. For three long, unending months, Tony thought about going home. Every night he’d lay down on the hard stone floor, his body shivering from the cold wind that seemed to crawl under his skin, and he’d think about the small apartment where DUM-E was probably wheeling around, beeping with worry, waiting for him to come back. He’d think about lying down on his king sized bed, under his warm Star Wars covers, drinking a hot cup of coffee with lots of sugar and cream while he watched some old TV show. Every single day, he thought about leaving that god awful cave in the middle of the goddamn desert and finally going home. And now that it had finally happened, now that he was finally here… it just didn’t feel like home at all.
He turned his head a bit.
Tony spent the next week hiding in his workshop, avoiding not only Steve but also everybody else. He just couldn’t bring himself to face them. He knew that, by now, either Clint or Steve would’ve told the others about what had happened in the kitchen that day and, honestly, he didn’t think he would be able to handle their looks full of pity for him. He just wouldn’t. So he stayed at his workshop, asked FRIDAY to tell everyone he was fine and just needed some time for himself, and successfully avoided any and all contact with the rest of the Avengers.
Steve was sitting in his living room, staring at the black screen on his TV, his left hand covering his mouth and a part of his nose as he analyzed the entire evening yet again. Tony seemed fine before they went to the restaurant. He smiled when Steve complimented him and seemed very excited to go to Mario’s. He was fine at the restaurant too, but, now that Steve really thought about it, he seemed a bit anxious by the time dessert came. But, honestly? Tony was always anxious. From the moment Steve had met him, his mind never stopped working. So the fact that he was a bit fidgety wasn’t really too out of character for him.
“What kind of documents?” Steve inquired, stepping closer to Tony, who had just sat down on the couch, looking absolutely overwhelmed.
At that moment, Tony’s phone rang again, a photo of Steve making faces flashing on the screen.
“Steve! What are you doing out of bed, are you o…” But the brunette never finished his question because the super soldier slammed into him, full force, and crashed their mouths together, holding Tony’s waist and pulling him closer.
The little man took the device from his hands and was ready to talk when a very calm voice interrupted him.
“Big explosion? That’s definitely Tony! GO! GO!”, Rhodes screamed at the top of his lungs. He seemed so happy, so full of hope, that Steve didn’t even bother to remind him of the codename rule.
“So, you finally managed to ask the guy out? Look at my big boy, all grown up”, she said sarcastically.
Bucky looked like a deer caught in headlights. He looked at his girlfriend, as if searching for support, but she just glared at him. Defeated, he answered the question.
Natasha huffed, biting her lip. “Tell you what, Anthony. You tell me something and I tell you something, how’s that?”
Okay, that might be a bit dramatic, but it could happen!
“I’m not going to lie, it was not love at first sight”, he said, making Tony laugh, the tears in the corner of his eyes threatening to spill, “But now I see, sweetheart, it would’ve been impossible for me not to fall in love with you. You’re amazing, Tony. You gave me the chance to be the man I’ve always wanted to be. You showed me happiness like I had never felt before in my entire life. You accepted my past and made me look forward to the future. You made me feel like I belong in this world. I can’t imagine my life without you. So…”
