They carefully made their way around the far side of the cottage when suddenly Dean heard Sam scream in pain. He jerked back around and saw Sam gripping his thigh, looking down in a panic. He followed his brother’s gaze and saw a bear trap, jutting out of the snow and clamped tightly around Sam’s leg. “Shit, don’t move!”
The girl’s eyes wandered a bit as if considering and that was all he needed. Dean leaped from the car and snatched the gun, turning it on her in one smooth movement. “Lesson #1, never pull a gun on someone if you aren’t ready to shoot. Now, time for some answers, where the hell did you come from?”
Dean sighed and threw his sword on the bed and went back to pacing. Sam bit at his lip. *Come on Lethallin, please.*
“Ben are you alright to stay here?” Polly asked and he shrugged, “Yeah, well, you heard the man duchess, someone’s gotta take care of the home front, eh? Besides, I know when I’m out gunned. I’m a sailor, best leave this fight to people who know what they’re doing in the forest.”
The brothers stared at the door waiting, and finally after a long moment, the screaming had finally stopped, but the kids didn’t come out right away. Realizing that they couldn’t do anything useful in this situation, the two brothers went back to the living room.
“I’d like to request that everyone return to their homes and stay out of the forest. We will be sending hunters out this afternoon to handle whatever did this. As for the tourists, because of the danger, I’m going to be sending you to some neighboring communities for the remainder of your stay. Please return to the Inn and prepare your things immediately. I’ll be there to arrange things shortly.”
“Nope. Cas, baby I'll take you however I can have you. Besides, both have their good points, I figure we are probably gonna take turns, honestly.”
Once Castiel was inside and the door was shut behind them, Dean grabbed Cas by the front of his coat and pulled him as far away from the walkie-talkie as he could before whisper-yelling inches from his face, “What the hell are you thinking?”
Sam looked so happy and comfortable with his friends. It made Dean miss Ash and Benny. Maybe the rejection from his brother would be easier with them there. Right now the only thing that gave him any hope was the fact that if someone as obviously politically charged as Castiel could give him a chance, his own brother had to right? As he kept staring, Sam caught on and looked back at him awkwardly. Dean flushed and gave a half smile, knowing better than to wave in front of so many people. Sam looked at him with a pained expression and pursed his lips in place of smiling back, before looking back at his friends.
That Saturday was a full moon. Most supernatural creatures were on various kinds of supplements to keep themselves in check. Vampires, ghouls and other human parts consuming creatures were given synthesized food, werewolves and other creatures that lost control during certain times took pills to keep their shit together and special laws were created to keep everyone protected and help them to live more comfortably in a joined society. Of course, even with all of these advancements and preparations, the full moon was still dangerous. Sometimes creatures would still lose control and zombies tended to rise for that night only, infecting the living with all kinds of diseases. Still, as long as you weren't trying to spend much time outside, it was reasonably safe.
Benny roughly bit his bottom lip, his muscles trembled, and his eyes still seemed livid as he looked down the barrel at Gordon’s smirking face. His finger was already hovering over the trigger, it wouldn’t take much. Just one little squeeze.
He finally got to the front of the line and Crowley looked at him with a lifted brow, “You missed some shifts, don't think I didn't notice. Reduced pay.” He said as he poured a couple of sovereign into Dean's hand.
“So, Ben, how did it go last night?” Kevin asked quietly and Ben gave an exhausted sigh, “I honestly don’t know what that bird wants with me, things were going so good and then she blew me off again. It’s gotta be some kinda game with her. Either way I’m done with it.”
In one of the cupboards, Jack had found a Harry Potter themed chess set and was playing with Castiel while Sam relaxed in a large recliner, sipping his wine and watching the water. Claire had gone back to sharpening the sword, talking about how she was going to become like someone named Michonne from some show she used to watch. It was strangely peaceful, and Dean knew that it was because of Castiel. He made the kids feel safe, hell he made Dean feel safe- not physically or anything, but just, like Dean could be whoever the hell he wanted to be and Castiel wouldn’t judge him. He could never do that with anyone else. Even Sam expected certain things from him. Sometimes, Dean even suspected that Sam expected him to be like their dad…which considering how his 20’s played out, was more than fair. But Castiel was the only one who ever got to see his truth. Not that Dean necessarily knew what “his truth” was, he definitely couldn’t put it into words, but Castiel had brought something out in him, something good that he could never get back afterwards.
Benny nodded and watched as Dean walked off towards the harbor. He couldn't bring himself to go until Dean was completely out of sight.
Dean rolled his eyes and sat down, “Fine, talk, whatever, get your feelings out so I can go back to bed.”
Kevin couldn’t meet Sam’s eyes as he went to Polly to take his camera back. “You too, Kevin,” was the last thing he heard from Sam though he could feel the man still watching him.
“Fuck you, Meg,” Dean slurred and Bela snickered under her breath, giving him a patronizing glance, “Drunk already are we? And the day is just beginning, too. Well done.”
“Except when he goes up against Cassie, apparently.” Gabriel said with a grin and Michael nearly choked on his cider.
Cas filled his hands with healing magic and ran his hand up Dean's back before slipping under his hand to cover his neck. Dean relaxed under the touch and let the magic press its way into his muscles.
Dean looked around carefully and sneaked over to them, “Hey guys. What are you two up to? Getting your nerd on?”
“Ok…” Kevin knelt down and looked at the woman, she was clearly one of the scientists that had been working there. Even covered in sweat and blood splatter, she was beautiful. She had golden curls, bright eyes, naturally full pink lips, and a small mole between her eyebrows that gave her character. “Hi,” he said awkwardly and she gave an airy laugh, “Hi.”
Kevin watched as the hunters tried to support the Novak tree and fight the city hall tree. Things seemed to slow in the midst of chaos and devastation, Kevin looked at the faces of those running to their homes. They didn’t just look afraid, they looked hopeless and broken. The trees that they tended, that they loved and believed in, their protectors had turned on them. The tree of their village, one that had heard their prayers and worries was now raining fire and light upon their village, tearing it apart. The air no longer smelled like the clean forest, it smelled of ash and blood. There were bodies mixed in with the debris and many people looked injured as they struggled to get home. Without much thought, Kevin took a few pictures, his brain couldn't process the scene yet, but the camera could at least.
Cas blushed and moved into Dean's space. “Until then, we are going to stay here...and maybe if we can get this room clean, we can relax a bit.”
Dean pulled Benny into another hug and held tight for a moment before he finally let go and picked up the tray of potatoes. Dean couldn't say goodbye, “See you around, brother.”
Sam lined up and pushed in slowly, feeling the hot tight ring of muscles squeeze around him. Sam paused for a minute as Brady relaxed, then he drove forward in one strong push. Brady gave a small cry as Sam bottomed out. Sam moaned in ecstasy and curled over the smaller man, letting their sweat stick them together chest to back. They stayed like that for a moment, breathing together and feeling one another, until Sam managed to sit up, pulling their slick skin apart, hitting them both with a rush of cold.
“I’m yours, Cas, fuck everything else,” Dean whispered back as he carefully guided Cas down against the mattress, kissing him passionately, but indulgently slowly, enjoying every moment, feeling, for once, completely and utterly free.
“Oh I can, I'm just saying in general, you know for when you eventually get your ass outta Redcliff? Here, I got some Antivan sip-sip the other day. It'll knock you off your feet for the night.”
The town begins to deal with the aftermath of the quake. Sam meets Gabriel, Lucifer and Anna. Dean has a surprise for Cas.
“We could do that. We could go everywhere,” Sam responded quietly as he pressed in to the first knuckle, his tongue slinking closer until it was circling his knuckle. Kevin whimpered and pushed back against Sam, encouraging Sam to drive deeper.
“Yeah, Cas here really saved my ass. I was almost late to my first patrol.” Dean lied and held out his hands. Cas took them in his own and Dean grinned at him. “How do they feel, Cas?”
“Sam...broke up with me. He said he was too busy to really spend time with me and that he didn't think it was fair to me. I tried to tell him I didn't mind, but he just kept going on...saying how he needed to focus on his studying. How it was more important.” Her voice cracked on the last sentence and new tears built up as she curled in on herself with a sob. Cas ran his hand over her back.
“That would be great. I mean, we could keep in touch or something?” Kevin said, trying not to sound too desperate.
Sam laughed as Anna flicked cookie crumbs at Michael and Lucifer, but he instantly froze when he felt a warmth entangle with his hand. He glanced down and saw Kevin's hand in his own, though the boy wasn't looking at him. Sam smiled and squeezed Kevin's hand gently and looked back at the others as they continued talking, completely unaware of how much the world had just changed for Sam.
That term, Sam focused purely on studying. He figured out a good rhythm this term so there was less stress and he was able to stay healthy, but the dorm turned out to be as dirty and loud as the frat had been, but filled with less interesting people. Overall, Sam just avoided them. He called Jess and Dean at least a couple times a week until Dean became suspicious that he might be unhappy, then he stuck to just calling Dean once every couple of weeks. Sam didn't really go to parties and without a reason he didn't go out on the weekends, so he didn't run into Brady. It was sobering and isolating, but Sam pressed on.
“Hmm, I understand that everything here seems to work very nicely and everyone works together so well, but I can’t help thinking about how painful it must be for the families to be parted with their children,” Polly said thoughtfully and Mary smiled at her as she probably would a naive child, “We all have our place and our duty, we must go where we can serve that best. None of these children grow up thinking they were thrown out or stolen, they are considered apprentices. They are allowed to meet their birth family if they wish and even grow close to them. Others consider their adopted family, their real family. Each case is special and treated with care. No child is ever taken from a family that doesn’t already have children and they are never taken without permission.”
Outside, Sam went to the shed to get Dean’s tools out of the trunk of the Impala. The car had been covered with a tarp and left alone through the winter. To Sam, there was something sad about that, but at the same time, he knew the car was impractical for the icy mountain roads, they had learned that lesson well. Still, even after the ice melted, Dean still hadn’t gotten her out. He said Cas’ truck was more convenient. He was right, but hearing him say it was still surprising. It felt like letting go of home…letting go of their father. Maybe to Dean, that’s what it had meant too. If it was, Sam was glad in a way, in the last few months Dean had been happier than Sam had ever seen his brother. He was finally just, being his own man and living his life the way he wanted it. Maybe now, it was time for Sam to start thinking about doing that for himself…
Benny walked in close now and aimed the gun at Gordon’s head as Dean held him down. Benny was shaking with what Dean could only guess was an intense mix of pain and rage as he spoke, “You are one sick fuck,” he finally spat out, “How could you? You were one of us.”
It was finally time for a new life. Dean wasn’t sure what all was waiting for him, but for once he had everything he needed. He knew who he was, he had purpose, his family and friends were finally safe and happy, and beside him was someone who truly knew him and loved him unconditionally. Someone who would never leave him. Someone who would fight beside him and still be there for the quiet moments in between the explosions. Together, he knew they could do anything, and he was so ready for it.
Finally, the shuttle started to move and pulled Kevin from his thoughts. Dean went rigid in his seat, gripping the armrests. “Shit, I changed my mind, take me back, I want off. This is crazy. I will walk back to storage unit, I’m out.”
“I’ll get ready at the hunting cabin, bring whoever you want and when you’re ready we’ll go look, stay strong brother,” Benny said quietly in his usual melodic tongue.
“Yeah, I'm bad with words, we all know this by now. Look Cas, I just...you're family. You're it for me and I want to marry you. Simple as that.”
After frantically washing himself, Kevin took his small towel and headed out to the hot spring. It was a large pool of green water, he looked at it curiously and The Doctor caught him, “It’s scented. They apparently scent it differently every day. Each scent comes with a different set of vitamins and minerals, it keeps their skin quite healthy apparently.”
“I'm gonna let you two be, come get me later if you need me ok kiddo?” Pamela offered and Jess nodded as Cas moved beside Jess on the sofa.
The response didn't come for about 5 minutes, but when it did come Dean practically threw himself out of bed.
The room remained dead silent, as if a misplaced move or cough might lead to having volunteered. After a moment Chuck smiled, “Great, well we are going to begin then. We'll call you upstairs one by one, you're likely to be exhausted after, so the templars will escort you to your old rooms to rest. New rooms will be assigned tonight after dinner, so try to be packed up and ready to go before then. Alright, Crowley, let's do this.”
After they were ready, they went back down to the lobby where John, Dean, Castiel, Benny, Jamie, Bobby, and Jo were waiting in full gear and sitting around as The Doctor and Sam sorted out several bottles at the front desk.
“But if a bunch of the other communities agree with Naomi, it won’t matter, will it?” Ben asked and the Doctor nodded, “Indeed.” The crowd was beginning to get louder, some shouts were sent out here and there as people began to debate with each other. “My word, this is getting rather exciting isn’t it? Perhaps we should get back to the Inn?” The Doctor suggested and his companions nodded, quickly following him outside.
Cas licked over Dean's collarbone and Dean gently started to rock into Cas, “Too far...getting colder.”
No one spoke as they drifted across the still, black waters of Lake Calenhed. They didn't breath or look at the tower, in the fear that just looking would alert everyone. They simply kept moving. Kevin groaned a bit and began thrashing around in Sam's arms. Sam's eyes went wide as he tried to hold Kevin still as he seized looking at Cas and Dean for help. The boat rocked wildly now, making the water splash along the boat.
"Particularly me, brother. This whole tank'n thing ain't gonna work if you aren't healing me," Benny's husky voice reminded him as his character approached Charlie and Dean's.
Kevin nodded, before falling into a coughing fit. When it ended he closed his eyes and leaned his head back on the wall, “They were my friends, but they know just as well as any of us, that we have to do our part. Everyone has to, until we can’t anymore. Survival of the whole is more important than being sentimental. Besides, it’s not like they feel pain or can think or anything…”
“I remember wanting to die when the templars took me, I don't remember why. I was confused, but things are better now, clearer. They took away the temptation and I am left as a better person, a more productive member of society. I remember you were a good friend, so it may be difficult to understand, but I am happy now. Thank you for your concern, but it is not needed.”
“It's fine Cas, it's just us messing around like we always do, ok? No expectations, no bullshit, just us," Cas nodded and seemed to relax a bit, but he was still clearly somewhat worried. Dean gave him a shy smile, "And..yeah I have a safeword, it's uh...don't laugh ok?”
Dean looked at her confused then at Sam as if demanding answers, but Sam just shrugged so Dean looked back at her, “Uhm, tofu? This is real meat, Jess.”
Dean took Cas's jaw gently in his hand and guided him back to look him in the eyes, “You wanna bareback?” Dean asked quietly as if someone might overhear somehow.
“So, it didn’t put you to sleep then?” Kevin asked and Sam laughed, as he motioned to the stairs, “No, I was just really tired,” Sam explained as they made their way upstairs.
“I dunno we just really get along, like he's easy to talk to and easy going. He's got this whole living in a frat thing down too, took a bedroom in the basement and the parties never really get down there so yeah, next semester...totally nabbing one of those rooms. Preferably really far from the streaker....” Dean snickered and Sam sighed, “But...this has been really...interesting. I'm getting kinda worn down, that's all.”
“Anyway, might as well go get cleaned up and grab breakfast. I heard something about another press-only tour today.”
After a moment of quiet kisses, Cas started to move. His thrusts were shallow and slow at first, but then went deep and even slower. Dean was gasping with every achingly slow movement out and nearly crying with relief when Cas would push deep into him again.
They went out and found Polly with her long platinum blonde hair tied up and her make up hiding any sign of sleep or having not bathed. “Come on, we need to wake the Doctor and Jamie next.”
Cas nodded and held the apple in his hands looking down at it. “I've been fighting to change things in honor of her and in that time have completely avoided her. The horrible thing is, as she is now, she probably hasn't even noticed my absence. Anna would always get so angry when I got too involved in my work to see her. She would bring me little sweets from the merchants too you know? Her templar would buy them and we would share them. She would tell me all about the places they came from, not that she'd been to most of them, it was all from books. But still, we would pretend we really knew what we were talking about and say how much better Nevarran chocolate was than Antivan.”
“Listen,” Cas whispered. Dean went quiet, then he heard what had Castiel so spooked: he could hear more vehicles nearby.
Once the aura calmed him, Dean looked at Cas's eyes, “Don't you ever apologize for that. That was amazing, Cas. We were-”
Cas smiled at his submission, grabbed some green apple lube from under the bed and coated his dick. “Next, Dean, I'm going to fuck your mouth. Does that sound acceptable?”
“Understood, my lord. I'll keep an eye out for them. You should make yourself comfortable in the meantime.” She said giving him a slight bow before she made her way to the crew and got them ready.
Sam faces the loneliness, frustration, and horror that life in The Tower of Magi brings, but unites with his friends to try and fight back.
Ben licked his lips and took out his electric harpoon just in case. Jamie followed in suite and they stayed close to Kevin.
The words he had read suddenly came back to him in flashes and now that he had a clear head they finally connected to meaning. “Sam, I...I found out something that you need to know. I've been so screwed up I didn't even remember until just now...”
However, when they got into the institute, a different kind of scream filled the hallway. Everyone looked at each other and pushed forward trying to follow the sound. Sam and Jess were no exception and they tried to move their way up to see what happened. When they saw the limp, bloody body of Kevin on the floor Jess's eyes filled with tears and she curled against Sam, pulling him into a hug. “No...”
“This is totally different, Cas. That’s at night and there isn’t any security, plus the place is in the middle of an empty ass park, this is-”
Amelia fainted and Jimmy went to her side as Claire sent another ball of ice at the other templar knocking him down. Cas got up as quickly as he could and shook off the rope. With the disturbance in the templar's focus he felt his magic return. He used his rock fist on the nearest templar to knock him down again just as he was getting up. Claire sent another ball of ice at the other one in the doorway, but the templar blocked it with his shield and ran at her, knocking her down. Jimmy shouted her name, but the templar silenced him with a look.
“Dude, calm down, I'm not breaking up with you or anything, what the hell Cas? I literally JUST told you I loved you.”
Dean grinned, “Now we’re talking, let’s go.” He headed out of the kitchen, pulling Castiel behind him. Cas was caught off guard at first and stumbled behind him, but quickly moved in step with him, slowly, letting his hand close tighter with Dean’s.
“Ok, well he left an address and a time, so he clearly wants to talk to you. Might as well go see what it's about.”
“Last night apparently. If they don't catch them tonight we are suppose to head out to help tomorrow.” Abaddon explained with an air of irritation. “Couldn't just do your job could you?”
The shuttle took another hit knocking it hard to the right and a beeping started going off from somewhere. The Doctor and Jamie clung tightly together as Dean continued to try and escape his seat. John’s beer was knocked from his hand and went spiraling along the cabin, spewing bubbles everywhere. Polly watched out the window as more branches came at them, but Ash pulled up again and avoided them.
“We just want to talk, maybe get some help while we figure out what to do about our car, that’s all. The gun was just for protection,” Sam insisted.
“Yes, but really people are curious about everything. I mean this place is a mystery to most people out there. All they know is what they see in the movies.”
It took about a week to get the girl to Redcliff. Dean passed her on to his superiors and got his lyrium fix as a reward. Instantly, he felt better, his body had been aching everywhere and he couldn't seem to get enough water or food. He felt an empty hole of need for half of the trip back. But it was over now and the girl was dealt with. He was about to head to Benny's when his superior came over to him, “Well done, Dean. You're getting to be quite the mage-hunter.”
Castiel smiled, looking away, “I had to convince him that our friendship ended because of my obviously unrequited crush on you.”
“We hear a lot of stories of oceans since our planet was once covered in one, but I can’t actually imagine being on one.”
“Only if you stayed in the same city. Still our name carries weight Kevin and it's time you use it to your advantage. They may have taken your inheritance, but you're still my boy and all of our assets are yours to use.” Kevin blushed uncomfortably as Linda continued, “What about Nevarra? We have a cousin there, you could have a fresh start. They take ancestries and names seriously so, you could easily find yourselves protected there. Plus, they have many mages in power, they are nearly as free there as they are in Tevinter.”
“I can steer just fine, thank you,” The Doctor said defensively, closing the herb box and slipping it under the seat in front of him.
Dean was gasping for air as he solidified his grasp on Gordon, but finally the world seemed to slow down. That’s when he noticed Benny behind him, holding up Gordon’s gun, “You got him?”
“And that is more than I needed to hear. Goodnight, Sam.” Sam laughed as Castiel crawled into his bed. “Would you get the candle?”
“I read the brochure on the plane, it said one of the only exports they got is this dark beer they call ‘Tangled Branches’. It’s got some sort of syrup in it made from the sap of their special trees. Figure it’s gotta be pretty good, eh? Bottoms up lads.” Ben tilted his glass towards them before taking a big gulp. Jamie followed in suit and Kevin brought the glass to his nose, taking a sniff. It smelled strong, but woodsy and sweet. He took a gulp and let the flavors wash over him. The syrup was different from maple or honey, but it had a similarly thick, warm, sticky, sweetness balanced by the bitter darkness of the beer that followed. Ben gave a contented sigh as he put the glass on the table, followed by the others.
Dean's lyrium addiction rattles him as he tries to adjust to life in the tower. Castiel and Dean get to know one another while Sam contemplates Dean's offer.
“Yes...Gabriel doesn't do things in moderation. I told him he had enough 'effect machines,' so he bought three more. I didn't even try to stop him with the lasers....” Dean laughed as Castiel looked at the stairs, “Would you like to see the room that is usually strictly VIP?”
Dean looked at Benny, “I'll get it babe.” He moved forward to kiss Benny's cheek, “Be ready,” he whispered near his ear and then hopped off the cart.
Ben looked her over for a moment, Kevin had to admit Anna looked beautiful with her hair up and a dark blue, handmade, cotton dress, “Peace offering, huh? Alright, maybe one dance.”
“Right, sorry.” Dean said looking out at the sea as the guard finished looking through the potatoes.
Sorry this is so late, I just moved across an ocean and it's taken a while to get settled in. I'm hoping I can finish this pretty soon though. Thanks to everyone who has been commenting/giving kudos and the support in general.
“That’s pretty rare for you,” Kevin commented and Polly gave a shrug, whatever her reasons were, she clearly didn’t want to talk about it.
Dean laughed, “Yeah, he made sure I knew my shit, so I didn’t get swindled on the deals. I know how to pull pretty much any firearm apart and put it back together blind, I knew what they were all worth, knew how to clean them after an…incident. Dad taught me how to shoot and steal…and fight…and drink…pretty much everything about being a man, you know? Crazy to think about considering he was in and out of the slammer most of my life.”
Castiel smiled, “Lethallin, then as your brother, I think you should tell Kevin how you feel about him.”
Gabe grinned and leaned close against Sam, pushing up onto his tippy toes to get near Sam's ear, “I wasn't talking about magic.”
“I'm just saying they could at least offer a reward or something! We ain't held to the same duty crap as the chantry skirts, a reward is the least they can do.”
Sam stayed close to Jack, just in case another walker popped up. Jack grinned as he looked around, “I like boats. When the summer hits I’m going to come fishing every day.”
Kevin helped Polly move everything over to another table and Polly quickly began to list off directions, asking Kevin to hand her various amounts of different herbs and chemicals as she went.
Warning: If you ever witness a seizure do not hold onto the person like Sam did here. Let them get through it naturally and simply move things out of the way so they don't hurt themselves. Use common sense, if the surrounding area is dangerous and the person's life is at risk you can move them, but the best thing to do is let them get through the seizure naturally if at all possible.
Sam’s face tensed as he ran his fingers through his hair, pulling at it slightly as if to release some of his anger, “Fine…”
The next morning, both groups headed back to the paper mill. Dean was glad they were finally going to be getting the road taken care of, it had felt like a loose end that was going to bite them in the ass if they left it alone.
The town was still walled for the most part, but some areas had been breached or scorched black, still the fact that there were walls at all meant that there were still many trees trying to protect the village. Of course, that comfort didn’t last long.
Kevin shut his eyes and waited for roots to take him, he was frozen and at least if they took him he’d have a reason not to act. But instead of the slithering roots or cracking branches, he heard a battle cry. He opened his eyes and saw Ben’s group of hunters come upon the battle like a vengeful storm; they rained down on the roots and branches, spraying acid when they could and pinning the enemy with their weapons. Ben smacked the branches away from Polly, helped her up, and gave her his hunting knife. Gabriel sprayed acid on the source of the roots that held Jamie, though he did laugh hysterically when Jamie got dropped to the ground by the retreating roots.
They were half way through dinner when Jess took a big drink of wine, “Dean, this is amazing. Seriously, I can't believe it's tofu.”
Castiel nodded and pulled out his binoculars. He looked the base over carefully, piece by piece, while Dean waited impatiently beside him. Dean tried to read Cas’ minor reactions to get some idea of what he was seeing, but it was impossible. This guy could’ve been a fucking poker legend.
“If it's that good, we should buy them another round don't you think, Dean?” Ash suggested with a glint in his eyes.
On the bathroom floor of the warehouse, after he had thrown up, Dean leaned against the tiled wall with Castiel sitting across from him, their feet knocking playfully as people stepped over their legs to get to the urinals. “You don’t have to be here, you know. I’ll be fine. Go dance, have fun. You deserve it, Novak, you work too damn hard all the time,” Dean was slurring and grinding his teeth at that point.
Kevin nodded as he listened and watched. Next, Mary was handed a small box which she took over to the alter and went down on her knees. She opened the box and pulled out a bowl of something Kevin couldn’t see and placed it in the center space of the alter. “So, as the community leader, she has to offer the tree something that is made in our community. That bowl and the beer in it was all made right here in our community, down to the very last ingredient.” Kevin took pictures and tried to keep mental notes of what Charlie was saying.
“My poor baby, they didn't touch you did they? My darling's purity is still in tact, yes?” Balthazar ran his hands over Cas's cheeks and arms while Cas looked over at Sam accusingly. Sam shrugged giving an innocent 'what was I suppose to do' look. “I knew this would happen, Cassie, you are pushing things too far and too quickly, you need to be more careful!” Balthazar's hand rested on his shoulder, his icy blue eyes were almost pale enough to look like paragon's luster as he scanned Castiel's face.
Of course, it was then that the first sign of trouble showed itself. Dean was heading through Catsale to meet Cas at a cafe, when he heard shouting. He followed the sound to an alleyway and saw Cas standing in front of a young, thin, blonde Hufflepuff, shielding him from a beautiful brunette Slytherin girl. Both Cas and the girl had their wands drawn.
“Sammy, I do understand that, I always understood that. There was never a doubt in my mind that what happened was an accident.”
“Him being there isn't going to totally ruin the mood is it?” Kevin asked as he shut the door behind them.
The door to the kitchen burst open and there was Andrea and another slightly older woman, both with guns aimed at Castiel and Dean. “Hands up!”
Soon, Castiel heard the roar of his truck. He wiped his face off with the palms of his hands and headed outside to help Sam unload the new supplies, “Good run? You were gone a while.”
“Hey Deano, not use to the cold yet?” Gabriel greeted as he, Anna and Michael came into the hallway.
Still, he had been hoping to get Sam alone, but before he could say anything Jamie had already added, “Ok, sounds good. You’re coming too, right Doctor?”
“Bed?” Dean asks with a shrug and Cas's eyes go wide. “To protect the virtue of the damn thing, jeez Cas, I might be a slut, but I'm not an exhibitionist.” Dean jumped onto the bed and grabbed the TV remote and started flipping through channels.
“He’s a nice kid,” Sam said as he hopped across the room to sit down on a plush office chair in front of Jack’s desk, trying to keep weight off his foot as much as possible.
“Stop fussing over me, I'm fine. I'm just tired.” Dean said irritably as Sam tried to put a cold rag on his forehead.
Next they sat down to eat in a small room with a few tables set up. He didn’t recognize the protein, it was probably one of the animals that lived naturally on the planet, but it was tender, well-seasoned and came with a thick, creamy, gravy. The vegetables were the freshest Kevin had ever eaten and he practically moaned when he took his first bite of the salad. It was filled with greens, croutons, pomegranates, tomatoes, baby corn, apple bits, and almond shavings with a somewhat spicy onion based dressing that made everything come together in a sweet and spicy way. They also had a stew with more of the tender meat, potatoes, carrots, and celery with some toasted cheese rolls to dip into it.
“Dean is gonna get you back to the truck. I got a med kit, some spare clothes, and a blanket in the back. You sit in there with the heat running, get out of those wet clothes first, then try and patch yourself up, ok? Keep pressure on the wound, and look, I know you wanna help, but don’t overdo it, stay safe and wait for us ok? No sacrificing yourself today, not on my watch.” Meg smiled at that and nodded, unable to speak further. Benny smiled at her though his eyes were filled with worry, “And yes, you can have cleaning duty off for a month.” Benny gave a silent signal and Dean moved in to take over.
The man’s two friends joined him, each carrying something from the store, “Uh, what the hell is going on here?” The woman asked quietly, the man shrugged in response.
“I’ll go survey for materials, be back,” Ash added, walking off with a notebook and a machete. Dean liked Ash: he was relaxed as hell…and he had a mullet. An honest to god mullet. Plus, as if he needed more than the mullet, the guy was brilliant- went to MIT or something. Still, for being some math nerd, he had a hell of a swinging arm.
“You really are lucky so see all of these beautiful things.” Sam’s gaze met his for a moment before going back to the pictures. Kevin blushed a bit and couldn’t help but smile at the irony as he kept his eyes on Sam.
“Balth, why don't you let Cas sit down and eat? Poor guy deserves to have his breakfast before it gets cold.” Kevin said and Balthazar waved Castiel towards the table with a sigh.
“I can show you how to fish if you’d like. Fresh fish is a lot better than that stuff and this area has great fishing. White Bird Creek runs through town, and not too far out is the Salmon River, they have a bunch of boats in the canyon that we can borrow and plenty of extra fishing gear,” Jack offered, his eyes beaming with excitement.
Sam was practically shaking when he got to Kevin's room. Aaron, Kevin's roommate saw the look on Sam's face and put his hands up, “I'll just leave you guys alone.”
Kevin laughed and rolled his eyes before looking up at the sky again. “We should do something for when Castiel gets out. Samandriel has been working on a book for him.”
Behind them, they heard scuffling and the vent walls began to shake with movement. “Guards,” Polly whispered.
When it got dark, they turned the trucks on and used the headlights to keep working. Dean had no idea what time it was by the time they were finished, but he guessed it was somewhere near dawn. He didn’t even feel the cold by then, but he could tell he was covered in sweat under all his layers.
“Dean, I know it's confusing and it must hurt, but when he's gone your head will clear...all that magic that has been influencing you will dissipate. You can end it and get your life back, you can carry on your family name, be everything you were meant to be. You could save so many more people as a hunter than you ever could as a fireman. This is what you were made for. To be a hero. A warrior.” Dean heard footsteps from the stairway and looked over to see Christian, Gwen and Mark.
Benny gave a low whistle, “We play it smart and have a few head up into the hills overlooking the place. They can lessen the numbers and get us a lay of the land. Then we go in groups, nice and slow, and clear the place inside and out. After that, we get to work building the blockade. We got a lot of the foundational pieces ready to go, just gotta lay ‘em down and fit ‘em together. Ash can take over at that point.” Ash gave a two-finger salute, his glorious mullet blowing in the wind like he was some 80’s rock god. Damn Dean loved Ash, even if his overly elaborate wall was ridiculous.
“Guessing sounds way more entertaining. Go for it, Sammy. Hit me.” Sam gave his brother a bitch face and Dean rolled his eyes, “Ok, ok. It's not a big deal, but there is a new guy at work. Night side though. He's fucking smoking hot. I mean, damn the things I wanna do to that man, Sammy.”
“So how was France? Tell me everything. I am beyond jealous.” Anna said reaching over the table to take Cas's hand.
Cas looked away in shame and Sam put a gentle hand on his shoulder. When Cas didn't say anything, Sam spoke for him, “Cas is...putting that stuff down for a while.”
“Alright, that’s enough harassing my future son-in-law. Get outta here you two,” the inn-keeper said using his hands to shoo them. The two smiled before giving the group one more goodbye and heading out.
“Yeah, a little warm and sore, but no blisters or burns or anything. See? Are you OK? I didn't overdo it, did I?” Dean asked as he leaned forward to lick his cum off Cas's cheek.
Everything hurt as Dean finished his patrol. His whole body called out for something, someone, anything to connect to. His vision was blurring and he felt so endlessly hungry, even though he had just eaten. He wanted a bit of everything: food, liquor, sex, anything that would help him fill the gaping hole in his chest, but he knew there was only one thing that will do the trick. The minute his patrol ended he left for his room, not even bothering to say anything to Cas who watched him go with worry.
The more Sam thought about it, the more he began to feel the faint echoing pain of last night's champagne in his stomach. He needed a shower and then he needed to get out of the house and go somewhere he could distract himself from Jess, Brady, and Gabe and all of his complexes that seemed determined to keep him from just being happy with someone.
Cole shook his head, “Nah, man it's like they just disappeared. We had their tracks for a while, but then they got in a cart and well, on the highway there are too many wheel and horse tracks to figure out which is which. We got all the templars in Lothering, Redcliff and a bunch from the tower out checking carts, but nothing so far.”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean grunted as he jumped backwards to avoid it and nearly hit the other walker that had still been stumbling behind him. He jerked his body away from it, still mid jump, and ended up tripping over his own feet. One walker collapsed on him, all teeth and hallowed grey eyes. Dean’s heart caught in his chest as he tried to swat its helmet off to knife it in the temple, but the helmet was stuck fast and he couldn’t aim under the helmet while still trying to keep its mouth and arms at a distance.
“See sweetheart, you already have a gorgeous little prince ready to wipe away those tears for you. That boy doesn't know what he just gave up.” She kissed Jess's hair and pat her back. Jess sat up slowly, tears still sliding down her cheeks and dripping from her chin.
Over the next few weeks, Dean and Sam often visited the graveyard to leave flowers for Jess and to speak to their parents' graves. Dean was constantly on edge, but he did whatever he could to help Sam. He made him his favorite meals, got drunk with him, let him talk about his feelings, and tried his damnedest to get him out of the house. When the new semester approached and Sam told Dean he wasn't going, Dean was honestly relieved. Whenever he actually managed to get time with Cas, he couldn't keep his hands off him, more than anything it felt like finally getting proof that Cas was ok and there with him.
“He did need someone to stand up to him anyway. I wish I could have been there, I would have trapped him in place so he had to sit in his piss and think about what he'd done for a few days.” Gabriel said with a grin, wiggling his eyebrows.
“If you want something to do, you can always help me with the baby. I kinda have my hands full,” Hannah added.
“And doomed to inevitably make horrible decisions together…but we’ll do good too, Cas. We always do.” Dean slowly let his grip loosen until his hand slide down to Cas’. Cas’ eyes flickered down to their hands and with a careful, nervous grace, he entwined their fingers together.
Cas lowered his hand and looked at Dean firmly, moving to face him better, “Dean, I would never leave you. I may have battles I have to fight, but I would hope that you would fight them with me. That we could help people together.”
“Save the pity party. You've killed more than your share of templars, you aren't some innocent little thing needing help and protection. You're out of control. The circle will deal with you. Unless you want to slit your wrists and try some blood magic, then I can finish you myself with a clear conscience.”
“You can admit it, I think it put me to sleep a couple times on the ride over here, fortunately Jamie’s kicking kept me awake.” Sam laughed and that sound cut straight through Kevin, quieting his brain. Maybe this was a terrible idea and maybe it was going to hurt even worse when he had to leave, but maybe the memories would be worth it.
Dean looked out of the corner of his eyes to look at Cas who was staring at the fire in front of them. He didn't hesitate, he never blamed Dean, he just took whatever the situation was and fought his way forward. Dean wished he could be so confident about it, but all he could think about all afternoon was them being captured by the templars. He kept seeing them take Sam, Cas and Kevin back to the tower. He knew even if they were captured, the three wouldn't be made tranquil, but he couldn't help but picture it. Cas's beautiful fiery eyes dulled and empty, Sam obedient and broken, Kevin reduced to menial labor, their foreheads burnt raw with the mark of the sunburst. He didn't care what happened to himself, but he couldn't let them end up like that.  Unconsciously, Dean began to rub at the sore muscles around his neck.
“Nice to meet you?” Sam said awkwardly as they had clearly gone beyond the introductions at this point. Jess just laughed and grabbed him by the wrist, tugging him to the food stands.
“So, how did the pictures turn out?” Kevin asked and Polly smiled at the change of subject. They huddled together and compared pictures over their drinks when a round of applause caught their attention. They looked up to see Sam shaking hands with Bobby at the center of the applause. Kevin suspected that meant Sam had decided to take the wood working position. He watched Sam mingle politely, though his smile was clearly forced, and eventually Sam managed to escape them, at which point he went straight for the door. Kevin watched with worry for a moment and Polly leaned close, “I’ll watch the cameras.”
“Wait, we got my assault rifle in the back, right? Maybe, I could jump in the back of the truck and we could hang out by the reservoir, cover these guys till they finish?”
“My brother has no morals, it is there for exactly the reason you are thinking of.” Dean's eyes widened as Cas walked into the room, “Normally this level is extremely restricted...personal friends...well known customers...family...so it's not usually a problem, but with people being able to come up here freely today...I do...worry about what might happen.”
Kevin looked at her blankly with his mouth hanging open and his brain stuck frozen for a moment, “So, wait, let me see if I get what you’re saying here. Dean and Cas are going to go out and fuck in the woods for a few days in the hopes of getting one of them pregnant somehow?”
Amelia smiled and put her hand to her stomach, “I think you’ve made her worried now.” Dean returned the smile. Everyone’s attention moved to the kitchen as John, Mary, and Sam came out with plates of food for everyone. They started with Dean, then friends, and tourists were served last.
“Ah.” While New Earth had complete freedom of sexuality and gender, to the point that the majority of people didn’t think much of strictly labeling themselves,  he had visited some planets that had been more conservative, so he thought he understood what Jamie might be going through.
They stayed in the cover of the trees around the large open area as they made their way closer to the lodge. Next to it, in a dirt parking lot, there was a pair of cars with wooden spikes on them. They didn’t see anyone outside though, and they couldn’t see inside.
“Pfft it's not all about money Sam....well ok yeah it is. You got me there.” Sam cracked a smile and tried to sneak looks at Gabriel when the angel wasn't looking.
“Hey bro, what's up?” Ash wandered into Dean's room and saw the bags, “Never mind. Got stationed huh?”
Cas pushed Sam away enough so that he could look at him, “More importantly, Sam, where is Dean?” Sam's eyes went wide as he looked around, “He's not with you?”
“Then I left. I already ruined her night, you think she wanted to hear me whine about my life? We aren't together Sam, it ain't supposed to be like that. No feelings, no bullshit, we're just out having fun. That's what we're doing and I messed it up. Figured, if I left she'd at least still have time to find somebody else for the night.”
The easy flow between them was there as always, no accusations or anger about not calling for weeks, no bitterness over the move, no pressure, just them, like always.
“Yes sir.” Sam said proudly pulling out a sheet with nearly 100 spells, their names all broken apart to their base words, prefixes and suffixes. He even included notation about what the spells did and related them to both to their usual counter spells and theoretical counters based purely off of their linguistic connections.
“Mary won’t let it happen, she’s completely against this,” Kevin said on reflex and the others looked at him, “How do you know that?” Polly asked and Kevin blushed.
Kevin was pretty sure he was going to combust at this point so he looked away towards the fire, letting its light burn his retinas as pink as his cheeks felt. “No problem.”
The figure gave a quiet sob and nodded. Dean moved forward to tie her hands when she smashed a rock against his helmet as hard as she could, denting it in, but barley hitting him.
“No. Here, share with me.” When Dean looked ready to tell him no Cas added 'Please' and he caved. They stayed in bed feeding each other and sharing kisses between bites. “This is incredible, Dean. You really are very good at cooking. Have you ever thought about being a chef?”
The light continued to pour into Jamie and after a few moments, Jamie coughed and his eyes opened; he looked confused and awed, maybe with a bit of longing mixed, “Doctor?”
He tried kissing along Dean's ribs next, claiming each one with his lips, tongue and teeth. “Hm, getting warmer.” Cas looked up at him, catching his gaze as he licked up Dean's sternum making Dean's cock leak a bit with need. “Holy shit that was hot, you're almost there, baby.”
On a fairly easy and uneventful run in downtown Grangeville, he managed to convince Jo to let him raid an old book store. It was a small shop filled from floor to ceiling with books: there were even stray piles of books stacked here and there on the floor. The place was quiet and smelled like old, well-used pages.
The fear in the air was overwhelming and suffocating. Dean noticed that as the group considered his words, most of them were too afraid to move or even look at each other. But then there was Jody, the one exception. She nodded firmly without hesitation, her eyes shining with determination, “I’m with you, Chief, weapons or not, we can handle Gordon. The important thing right now is getting there before he hurts Andrea. The sooner we get her out of there and away from him, the better.” With that, she started unstrapping her side arm. Ellen looked concerned, but she started to unstrap hers as well, and that set off a domino effect until everyone had removed their weapons, including Dean.
Once again, Kevin found himself off the path. They sat close together beside the stream. The water was so clear that Kevin could see all the way to the bottom and every now and then, he could spot small fish whirling their way down stream. The place was still close enough to see the community, but far enough away that the noise of the party had died away.
The shuttle itself was small, but it had big beautiful windows that would allow them to see the view as they went, not that there was anything to see except the tree line. After everyone was settled, the brown haired man poked his head in, “Alright, we all ready? I’m Ash and I’m gonna be your pilot today so get ready for a nice chill ride. Based on weather conditions, we are gonna be in the air for 2 hours and 37 minutes exactly, so make sure to get comfortable. I’ll be putting on some music in a minute and there are beers stashed in the back, so help yourselves.”
“Wanna take a break? Have a granola bar?” Jess asked as they neared a steeper trail that had rock stairs built into it.
By the end of the night they were trading stories and laughing until their stomachs hurt. “So then, Ash goes in there, totally naked and says 'Isn't this the boys side?' and half the girls run out screaming and Jo just throws her knife right beside his head so it sticks into the wall behind him and he comes out screaming: 'The new girl is some crazy wildling!'” Sam laughed and Dean held up his hands, “Wait, the best part of this story is that they totally hooked up after that. No one knows how the hell it happened, but they ended up dating for like 3 days.”
The meal was a bit awkward, at least for everyone but Benny. There were plenty of mixed feeling about this new partnership, especially after what had happened in White Bird, but Benny’s people trusted him and Dean trusted Castiel.
“We should tell 'em we want to patrol the market for a bit and hit the tavern, if we are gonna be here all damn day, might as well enjoy it right? Grab a couple bottles, bring 'em back here?”
“Not tonight, really, thank you for the information though Sam,” Polly said politely and Ben sighed, “I’m gettin’ cabin fever here.”
“What do you mean, you already went? When?” Ben asked, probably louder than he had meant to, and Polly just shrugged and licked cream from her spoon before setting it on a napkin beside what looked like hot chocolate, “Earlier. I was up early, so I went. It’s not like it matters if we go together, I’d be in a separate spring anyway.
Kevin took a couple pictures and on his third one, more roots shot up, grabbed Cas around the neck and slammed him down to the ground head first. Dean turned to react, but a branch swung down and knocked him to the ground. Cas pulled out his knife and began sawing the roots to free himself, but more shot up and wound around his chest.
Sam gently laid Kevin back down and adjusted the washcloth on his forehead, “Alright, I think I saw some hand sanitizer downstairs, I’ll get you some for when you’re done.”
“Not until I’m retired or famous,” Kevin teased, but Sam must have taken it seriously by the way he nodded and gave a quiet ‘Oh’.
“Everything in there is known to have healing properties, so it’s actually better than sanitary.” Kevin looked down at the tea as if it had betrayed him.
Dean had never seen a bear trap in real life, much less opened one. He looked it over trying to figure it out, quickly becoming desperate at hearing his brother’s cries of pain. He pulled helplessly at the heavy clamps, trying to pry them open, but each tug brought the teeth of the trap back across Sam’s flesh, making him scream again, though he quickly shoved his arm over his mouth to muffle it. “Hold on Sammy, I can figure this out, just, hold on, ok?” Dean spoke frantically as he looked at the different parts of the trap, wishing he had a flashlight as he squinted in the fading light.
Sam's face lit up as he leaned across the table in excitement, “Dean, are you serious? That's awesome! Go for it! You two are perfect together. Seriously, go do it, like right now.”
“The Singer family tree. What the hell’s it doing out here?” John wondered under his breath as he moved forward cautiously.
Claire came up behind them and gently kicked Dean in the side, “Come check the perimeter with me. We haven’t totally cleared this area.”
“Cas...” Dean spoke in a broken whisper as he took a step forward, but when he saw Samuel's face full of pity, he froze.
“Dean this is perfect. I've been needing something like this forever.” Cas said looking up only to see Dean still running his fingers over the snitch. “It...it's from our first game we played against each other. You said your father is teaching you to drive, so I figured sooner than later you might need a key chain and it seemed appropriate.”
Sam decided to live in a co-ed dorm for his second term at school. Partially, it was to be able to be away from Brady after they had 'the talk' and partially because Sam assumed it would be cleaner and quieter than the frat had been. The first night, after the meet and greet, Sam called Brady and asked him over; Brady showed up in about ten minutes, carrying a potted plant.
“Sure. It's ok, right Sam?” Kevin looked over at him and Sam just nodded as he felt all of his blood drain to his toes.
Immediately Dean wiped his cheek with his hand and he looked around with wide eyes, making sure they were alone, “Dude, what the fuck? Not in public, alright?” he scolded.
“Should we expect trouble? Looked pretty empty on the way up, but we didn’t really look around that much,” Dean asked, putting the empty coffee mug down on a small table by the couch.
Sam gave a bitch face to Dean before looking at Cas with a polite smile as he put his hand out, “Hey Cas, nice to finally meet you.”
He still remembered the day he snapped, they had both been trying so hard to help him, but at the time he didn’t want help. Anna made scrambled eggs for breakfast that day, and she was still in the middle of dishing out plates when Castiel made his way downstairs to join the rest of his siblings. He was exhausted and probably looked like a train wreck, but even half asleep he could feel Michael’s judgement wash over him the minute he was in view. Balthazar pushed a chair out for him and Castiel silently sat down, hoping Michael would give up and leave him alone.
Frank stood up and hurried over, “You need to get out of here. Anna’s just down the hall and you need to not be here when she shows up.”
“For one? I would think covering your apartment with pictures of all those people you are never going to see again isn’t helping. You need to take the pictures down, go out and meet new people here: people who you can actually talk to and spend time with. If you want I can ask around, maybe get you set up on a blind date or something?”
Sam had been so angry about Dean being left there, and Castiel supposed he should be worried too, after all, Dean could be in danger, but it just didn’t feel that way. Despite some unsavory decisions due to desperation, Benny seemed trustworthy. That trust was only further solidified by talking to Kevin about their group. If anything, the only thing they really had to worry about was Dean losing his temper and wailing on someone over something stupid.
“Wow, so you didn’t really choose to be a tour guide then? You just had to?” Ben asked, genuinely curious now.
“When we get married Cas, you can do whatever the hell you want. You want piano lessons, go for it.”
“Sure,” Sam crawled into his bed and sent a small burst of magic from his hand, extinguishing the flame.
Sam and Kevin shared a look of horror as Cas looked around, trying to pinpoint exactly where the voices were coming from.
Claire nodded weakly and offered her hand. Castiel took it and followed her further into the alienage. He couldn't help the adolescent boy that was being beaten, there were many injustices that elves faced in this world and getting himself imprisoned or killed wouldn't do anything to help that; he only hoped that with so many eyes on them, that the humans wouldn't kill the boy. The boy's wounds would heal, but this girl was in much more serious danger: if she was revealed to be a mage she would be locked away as he was. If she had attacked a human she might have been killed right there. Castiel couldn't do much for these people yet, but at least maybe he could help her. The others would understand.
When not at work, Cas was staying at the Winchester estate for his safety and in the hopes of keeping his family out of the chaos. Dean was glad for the extra time he had with Cas, but he hadn't wanted it like this. He was sitting in bed trying not to think about everything while plucking wearily at his guitar when a freshly showered Cas walked in.
“Yes she will, maybe not from my blood, but family doesn’t end in blood. Here, we say family is like your roots and branches, it's everyone that keeps you alive, supports you, and stays with you,” Dean said, heaving the mire beast up a bit. “Our little Claire-bear is gonna be ours, trust me.”
“Yes, Jamie, but you love music and fighting. Things worked out well for you, like they did for Dean, who loves to cook and hunt. But for those who are placed into roles they don’t appreciate or aren’t good at, their feelings will be quite different,” The Doctor explained, with his usual animated looks, lowering his dark, heavy eyebrows for emphasis. “Many cultures, including humans, have been known to put destinies and expectations on their children; they try to force them into roles simply because of their heritage, but you must see with our travels how limiting that is.”
Dean took him out to the balcony and turned on the stereo before laying back in one of the chairs out there, patting the other for Cas to sit. The potted flowers and ferns around them all mingled together to create a fresh, earthy scent and Dean breathed it in deeply. The plants had all been dead when he first managed to bring himself back in there after the quake, but a little work and a trip to the supermarket's gardening section, and it was just like he remembered it. Especially, his mother's favorite daffodils were looking bright and sunny, almost luminous in the dark.
At 12:20, Sam parked the car down the street from the address on the note. They were at the edge of town, at the foot of the mountains, where several summer cabins and lodges were nestled in the trees. “They must be at the Campbell summer compound.”
“We don't really have any options here, Cas. We gotta go now, so hop in and we'll make the best of it ok? Just, trust me. Benny's gonna take care of us, it's gonna be fine.”
“Good, then no more suspicious talk of the trees, you’ll hurt their feelings,” The Doctor said in a way that made Kevin wonder how serious he was.
As their society was matriarchal, Mary was the power in this family, and more than that she was apparently the community leader, but seeing her here in her home, she clearly gained support and strength from her family. Seeing the love between the family, Kevin couldn’t help but think of his mother and wonder about his own father. He was just a faceless, nameless man that his mother wouldn’t talk about. Was he alive? Did he even know Kevin existed? Would he even care? Kevin couldn’t help but doubt that he would. Still, it was something he'd always wondered about.
“They are going to handle the funeral today. They don’t really have the means to keep a body from… rotting,” Polly swallowed hard as she spoke and The Doctor gave her back a comforting pat.
Dean wanted to punch something, but he finally surrendered with a nod. “Ok, we'll wait, but if he's not back by nightfall, I'm going after him even if I have to tear this whole place down to do it.”
Dean followed through with his promise, after they were settled in Tevinter, he gave up lyrium. It was extremely painful and for months he had no solid concept of reality most of the time. However, with help from his family and the household staff, eventually Dean overcame and once again became functional. He would always have moments where he would think about lyrium or feel it's temptation, but for the most part he was able to move on with his life. He still had his training and abilities, but he couldn't use as much magic at a time without becoming exhausted. Still, he was one of the only templars in Tevinter that could even actually mute magic, so despite the handicap that made him extremely valuable. He spent several years as a bodyguard for various members of the magisterium who were worried about assassinations, however, when an attempt on Castiel's life was made, he quit his current assignment and became Castiel's personal bodyguard, despite many, many complaints from Castiel himself.
“I don’t think so,” Frank grabbed a long measuring stick, marched close to the camera and smacked it off the wall.
“Yeah, wanna keep busy. What about you?” Dean asked as he began pulling out the ingredients to make some burgers.
Castiel’s brows raised and he went back to the living room to see Kevin holding a cello and Jack holding a violin, their cases hastily discarded on the floor. Castiel’s confused face was clearly enough to convey his feelings because Sam explained without prompting, “Last night after dinner when you passed out on the couch for a bit, Kevin was telling us about how he used to play, and I thought I’d take a look around. Turns out music stores haven’t really been looted that much. Go figure, right? Oh, I got Claire a guitar too, and I picked up all the books of music I could find for them.”
Kevin felt the panic fade from his body, The Doctor was right, “Good idea Doctor, let’s just go tell Mary we can’t find Polly and she can show us exactly where Polly is. Problem solved.” Ben looked at them hopefully and nodded, “Ok, right, let's go.”
He was on guard duty that afternoon, licking his lips and swearing under his breath as he went. He barely even noticed a figure approach him. “Dean? You ok?” Dean looked up at his brother and snapped, “Yeah, I'm fine. Obviously. What do you want?”
Eventually, Sam got to the bottom while Dean gave up after falling on his ass and slid the rest of the way, covering himself up to the shoulders in snow and dirt in the process. Sam looked at him with worry, “Dean, what were you thinking? What if we have to go back to the car tonight? You could freeze to death.”
“You know I can't do that. That tavern is my life, I can't just abandon everything I've built because some skirts might come after me looking for you.”
Dean gave a somewhat guarded smile, “Heya Cas.” Castiel looked around to make sure no one was nearby and gently pulled Dean into a dark corner. “Whoa, what's all this now? You feelin' frisky, Cas?” Dean teased and earned himself a small glare from Cas.
“I just wanted to say thank you, I haven't said it yet, for anything you've done...and I wanted to.”
“Right, chief, I’ll keep ‘em in line,” Jody teased, and Gordon rolled his eyes while Cole seemed to pout. Benny nodded and watched them head in before heading towards the log area with Dean.
Cas folded his hands in his lap and gave a small nod, straightening himself as though expecting a storm. Dean’s mind ran a mile a minute, and the more he looked at Cas the harder it got. He couldn’t help himself, he found himself retreating like he always did. Old habits die hard.
Crowley smiled at the please and leaned over the desk to fill his cup. “Dean, let's not waste time then. You want lyrium, I'm assuming that's why you came to my office. To beg perhaps?”
“Dean and Cas must play against each other a lot, they know each others moves so well. It's like every time Dean gets near him or throws anything his way, Cas is already ahead of him.” Jess said in wonder as she watched them fly around.
Sam hadn't been worried about Castiel beforehand, but every moment the harrowing went on, the more he worried and soon he was a mess of anxiety. He could barely breath and his stomach was in knots. He held tight to the bracelet he hid under his robe sleeve, hoping it would give his brother strength.
It felt almost perfect. But despite everything, there were still a few faces missing. One in particular kept tugging at Dean’s chest whenever he started to get comfortable. No matter how much he drank or tried to distract himself with the people around him, every now and then that hallow little ache would pull him away from it all. Unconsciously, in those moments, his eyes would wander to the door, lingering and waiting- growing more hopeless with each passing minute.
Sam laughed and moved his teeth to the side of Kevin's small clothes and tugged playfully. Kevin moaned at the sight and ran his hand into Sam's hair, digging in to get a handful. He tugged gently at Sam's hair and Sam's eyes rolled up in pleasure. “I fucking love when you do that.”
He kept running through memories in his head. Even before John had caught them, they hadn’t been a perfect couple. Cas was intrinsically different than Dean. He wanted to help people and sacrifice himself to the cause, he also wanted them to be a “real couple that doesn’t hide,” he even wanted Dean to make something of himself and try in school. In contrast, Dean wanted Cas to give up on the military shit that was gonna get him killed, he also knew he absolutely could not just come out as being with Cas, and as far as he saw it, it was already a bit late to do well in school. As it turned out, Dean didn’t need school anyway, not hiding better nearly got Cas killed, and the army fucked him up pretty badly. 3 for 3 was pretty damn good. He decided he owed Cas a few “I told you so’s.”
“Great, I guess she sent them after us,” Kevin said, tugging at the Doctor’s body, Kevin’s arms were aching from exhaustion.
“I'll be over when we're done.” Sam said quietly and Castiel nodded and moved passed Dean to get out into the hallway.
It took all the strength he could muster, but he nodded, “You're right. I know you are.... Anna just meant a lot to me.”
Cas met his gaze for a moment before leaning in to give him a gentle kiss. "Come on, I want you to meet my father.”
“Wait, Sam, we don’t even have any climbing gear with us,” Dean called out, but Sam was already heading over to the small slope.
Cas's eyes went wide as he took in a sharp breath, his body tightening as if preparing for the worst, “I...I understand your frustration Dean, but-” Cas's sudden surge of fear sent Dean's plan out the window and he panicked to recover.
Kevin raised his brows in challenge and went back to trying to draw Sam. “Seriously, we could just pay someone.”
Castiel thought about it for a moment, hearing the vehicle in the distance again as he tried to sort out the difference between his feelings and what he knew was right.
“We are all here to support you,” Samuel added as his cousins gathered in close. Gwen stepped up next to Samuel and held out a silver blade. Samuel motioned for Dean to take it.
“Because, Cole, that's my family. You know Sam, right? Well, he's my brother, my actual brother. I had to get him out of there. You have a family right? You get it don't you?”
It took a few weeks to prepare, apparently medieval strippers were harder to find than Charlie had expected, but everything was finally set. In the meantime, Sam nearly had the wedding preparations done, too- with a little help from Cas' family. If everything worked out just right he could be here for the wedding and then be back off to college a couple weeks later.
“Maybe, we haven’t really ventured out much and so far, we haven’t had many people come through here…not living people anyway.”
“Ha, ha.” Sam said giving her a playful shove and they headed out slowly with the rest of the student body, all still chatting and cheering excitedly.
Over the next few years, Sam hit a growth spurt and became taller than most of the templars in the tower. He began to wear his dark blonde hair a bit longer than he had when he was young and let it rest just above his shoulders. He also began training his body as well as his magic in hopes to eventually be trained as a knight-enchanter. Of course, his newly developed intimidating physical appearance only seemed to taunt the templars more and with his harrowing approaching they seemed to relentlessly hound him.
“You're not taking your lyrium?” Cole asked and the girls looked at him with a mixture of fear and surprise.
After several hours of trekking through the thick snow, their jeans and long johns were drenched up to the knee, they were both starving, and Dean’s patience had run its short course, “This is ridiculous. Clearly, she lives in a fucking cave at the top of the mountain or some shit.”
Castiel picked up the next pill and brought it to Kevin’s mouth, “I can figure out a proper medication regimen later, for now the priority has to be getting his fever down.” Sam nodded as he listened, “Once it’s down, I can start getting his strength back up with soups and teas... he’s going to need a bedpan, too. He can barely stand up, much less go outside…and he needs to be isolated, so the kids don’t get it,” then Castiel’s eyes flickered up to Sam’s, “Even you shouldn’t be in here…the less exposure the better, go wait for me in the living room, I’ll be out in a moment. I just want to take his temperature and see if I can figure out what some of his other symptoms are. The more we know, the easier it will be to pick medications for him.”
“I didn't know that, but it makes sense. I'm glad to see you are applying yourself so seriously Sam, but I hope he isn't pushing you too hard. Having extra papers on top of your ordinary homework must be difficult.”
“You grew up down the hill in Catsale and everyone but your mom is here, of course you didn't get homesick.” Dean teased and Cas bumped back against him.
Benny looked at his horses, he had tended to them after the fight and they seemed alright, but another full day without rest wouldn't be possible. “We'll go as far as we can.” Dean nodded his understanding, after everything he was already asking his friend for, he couldn't demand more. He'd just have to hope that Cole wouldn't get free for a while and that even when he did, that Cole wouldn't be able to find any other templars or a ride into town for a day or so. They just needed a little bit of time.
“Still look like an ambush?” John asked with a grin and Cas looked over at Dean and whispered a low, “Yes.” Dean put an arm around him and pulled him close.
“I'm telling you, this movie needs a sequel. Who doesn't want to see Halloween invade other holidays? Like Easter! Think about it, the eggs could suddenly burst open with mutilated stuffed rabbits inside.” Gabriel said with a candy cane sticking out of his mouth.
Anna made sure she was on duty at the supply room that night. When she heard the song, she slipped inside and found the receipts documenting the lyrium shipments that week. She erased the existence of 8 bottles, grabbed them and took them to Castiel who was watching at the door. He tucked them into his robes and headed off. As he walked down the hallway, templars and mages would go running passed him. Some of the mages would shout out what was happened in hopes Castiel would join them, but he gave them an amused smile and continued walking, his hand on his stomach as if it hurt, but he was actually just holding extra bottles in place.
Kevin looked over at Sam finally trying to look completely serious, “Do I get a kiss if I come back?”
They continued that way for what felt like hours, moving through the dark trees, so deep that Kevin was sure they would never get back, but the other three men kept their ears and eyes peeled for any sign of life. The further they went, the less lanterns there were and soon there was only one every few minutes. Kevin cursed himself for bringing the wrong lens, there was no way he was going to get any good shots like this. With a sigh he looked around and noticed Jamie’s intense focus. When his curiosity finally burst, he moved close to him.
Cas wracked his brain and finally took a deep breath, cupped his lips over Dean's, and pushed the air into his lungs. He took another breath and repeated the process. “Dean, please.” Another breath. “I need you.” Another breath, and this time he felt Dean pull for air. “Dean?!” Cas backed off and saw Dean's eyes open in shock as he coughed and gasped for air. When he was done coughing, Cas threw his arms around him and pulled him tight. “Dean, I'm so sorry.”
“That would be very interesting, please do,” The Doctor said excitedly and Polly nudged him, “Later, Doctor. I need to get clean.”
They knew these halls like the backs of their hands, they knew every room and every corner, but in that moment, the walls seemed foreign and accusing. Every foot step felt loud enough to echo and every creak could be a door opening. The mages stayed close to one another with their staves ready, even though they knew if a fight started this early, they would be done for. After all, they couldn't fight through the entire tower.
“Yeah. Makes you think that sometimes it really just takes one to change things, although you typically have to die for it.”
“That's what older brothers and sisters do. Some people are just better at it than others,” Dean said quietly and Cas stopped, making Dean turn to him.
“On it,” Claire set down her rifle and picked up Sally’s legs while Castiel took her shoulders. They moved her to the edge of the boat and then used some rope to lower her gently to the dock before following her down to take her to the truck while Sam, Dean, and Jack looked for supplies.
Sam sucked hard as he felt the fluid move up the vein in Kevin's flesh before it came flooding his mouth and throat. Sam swallowed and sucked Kevin through his orgasm, but he had too much of Kevin's length in his mouth to catch everything. When Sam swallowed the last bit in his mouth, he licked Kevin clean and moved up next to him. Kevin was completely blissed out, his eyes hazy and his breath still uneven, but he managed to look at Sam with a satisfied smile. Sam smiled back at him and gently trailed his fingertips along around Kevin's nipple. Kevin looked at him suspiciously. “Yes?”
“Probably,” Kevin's eyes went half closed as he watched Sam move down to kiss up his thighs. “Where do you think they saw us?”
The first time Dean signaled them, they were near the empty classrooms and quickly ducked into one. All three pressed together against the door, listening for the templar to pass, their hearts racing as they held their breaths. Cas's hands twitched ready to kill the templar if he had to, while Kevin leaned close to Sam trying to remain calm. When the clinking armor noises and footsteps faded, they opened the door and headed out, stepping quietly but quickly to catch back up to Dean.
Balthazar glared at Dean and threw an arm around Castiel, “Cassie, darling, I think Dean here needs to get back to his work and WE need to get to dinner.”
He began to feel the heat rise, just as there was a knock on the door. “Did you get it on ok? Do you need help?” Damn, he should have asked for help.
Winter was long and hard, but by working together, everyone made it through. By the time spring came, there were plans in place for working some of the old farms in the area as well as looking for abandoned farm animals to raise. Now that they had a solid community and a moderately safe area to live in, it was time to look at becoming sustainable. They couldn’t live off looted food and medicines forever after all.
“You'll need your sleep to do that.” Cas said quietly, giving a gentle kiss to Dean's forehead as he continued to stroke his hair.
Cas gave a conspiratorial smile back, “We did. The museums were our favorite part, weren't they Dean?”
“Yeah, I guess. This is all really weird though. I mean who the hell leaves a creepy note like that, am I right? He has our house number he could have called like a normal person if he wanted to talk so badly.”
“Ok, so, we all draw one of the cards and that's the person who asks us truth or dare, if we don't want to do the thing or answer we have to drink, sound fair?” Gabriel asked and everyone nodded.
Cas tilted his head to the side, “Somewhat. He's been cut off from lyrium since the incident. Apparently, he's going without for the rest of this week and that will be the end of it, but he was...a mess when I saw him. He had clearly had some lyrium recently, but not enough to normalize, and he was...crying.”
“Yes, and how do you think your mage brother will feel about the fact that thanks to you, his friend who merely tried to run for a life of freedom was made tranquil? Do not act like you are so holy, just because you serve The Chantry. You can wrap yourself in your brother's flag, but do not say your actions were for him when they were clearly for you. You didn't even bother to ask him what he wanted or how he felt, you just did whatever you thought was best, obviously not caring about who you hurt in the process,” Castiel grabbed Dean's wrist with his own and shoved him off, giving Dean a slight glimpse of a bracelet underneath.
Starts off with Sam, Cas and Kevin in the back of the cart and quickly catches up to where we left off.
“I was suppose to in the morning, someone probably covered me though. Probably gonna get my pay cut again, but screw it.”
“Hey, I needed to wake you up somehow, didn't I? You've been spacing out this whole time. Did you even notice the song change?”
It had taken another day, and he had found the body of yet another of his brothers, but he finally had her cornered, tired and with her magic muted. The figure pressed tight against the rock wall behind her, with her hands up in defense. “Please, I'll do anything. I can't go back there.”
“I think I know what you mean, we’ve been doing the same. If I have to tie one more of those little gift bags, I may go a little crazy.” They laughed and shared another hug before Sam led Kevin back outside with a friendly pat on the back that Kevin may or may not have slightly melted against.
Kevin watched as Sam went with the first group of hunters, Ben was going to be with the hunters in the back. Everyone filed out one at a time and seemed to run the minute they got out the door, which made Kevin slightly worried. He had no idea what the village would look like now. He tried to picture it, but nothing got even close to what he really saw when he stepped outside.
“Ah. So you guys all just travel around together then? What do you do? Deliver packages or something?”
They waited quietly, huddled together to listen. It took about 45 minutes, but Naomi and her men finally returned to the Inn.
Cas put some lube around and inside Dean's entrance, then some on the vibrator before turning it on. He settled himself between Dean's legs and gently pushed the vibrator in. Dean arched off the bed, the chain of the handcuffs gave a gentle clink as it hit the headboard. The padding of the cuffs kept him from getting cut up, but they still gave a tight burn with each tug as he let go of the bars and let the handcuffs hold him in place. Cas rolled the vibrator around inside him, thrusting gently, opening him up. Dean was shaking with need, his eyes were watering and now his abused hole was hypersensitive even without Cas's magic, his mind focused with tunnel vision to every pulse. The vibrator teasingly went over his prostate, then along his walls and back again and Dean whined and moaned helplessly. Cas's eyes darkened as he watched Dean, trying to repeat the motions that seemed to get the best response as his own need grew until he couldn't stop himself anymore. Dean gave a small cry when Cas took the vibrator out of him.
Cas was shocked silent as he considered everything over. Sam looked at him with worry and then looked at his brother, “Dean, you are still willing to go right?”
Dean and Ash were drinking at Benny's tavern when the actual templars came in and trudged their way to the bar. They looked exhausted and defeated. Dean couldn't help but smile into his West Hill Brandy at the sight of them. Charlie got away. He knew it was his job to get mages into the tower and if he had thought Charlie was a danger, he would have dragged her in kicking and screaming, but that girl clearly had a plan and knew what she was doing. Tevinter would teach her everything she needed to know and she could still live the way she wanted. Everyone deserved that chance and soon he'd be able to give that chance to Sam. He'd just have to take it the slow route: more training.
Castiel took a moment to consider his words, the confusion was clear in the budding lines between his brows, “I see. You mean you would like me to assist you with whatever task Jack gives you because Sam may not wish to accompany you? Dean you know I am always going to be here whenever you need-”
The area was thick with trees but with a well beaten trail covered with thick roots that came out like veins over the mountain. The two stepped between the roots carefully as they climbed. At one point Sam had been watching the shadows play over Jess's face so intently that he ended up tripping on one of the roots. Jess turned and helped pick him up with a worried look, but he just smiled lopsided looking away with embarrassment. Once they got a bit higher, the air chilled and soothed the heat from their bodies.
Cas knocked a few times before Dean finally answered the door. He was squinting to see and the lines on his furrowed brow showed his irritation. “What the hell do you want, you already missed the meeting.”
The laugh seemed to echo in the templar's helmet. “Well, a few things could happen. You could get beaten, you could be made to remember your place: on your knees serving man, or we could skip the foreplay and have you made tranquil so you could be with your little friend, the pretty redhead. You may be a proper mage, but it's not impossible.”
“Yup. I don’t do a lot of sweets, that’s really more of my brother’s thing, but hot chocolate is definitely one of my weak points. I love curling up with a good book and a mug of hot chocolate by the fire. That’s basically my perfect day, well until I get interrupted, which is all the time.”
“Well, this is our family’s hot spring and we’ve been running it for generations. Naturally, the hot springs are man-made, but the water is full of nutrients and vitamins that can help your skin and overall health as well as some of the natural minerals from the planet itself. I can give you the details of what’s in the water if you’d like. Or some history about how it was built?”
Sam rolled his eyes and opened the door for Kevin. Kevin stepped out and opened his umbrella as quickly as he could. The rain, being artificial, was consistent and unyielding. He looked up through his clear umbrella to see it dripping its way through the trees down to the earth. Everything was glistening and draining with collected water streaming downwards, yet still singing with each new drop that splattered down. The green of the forest seemed even more vibrant and the ice ornaments were temporarily gone.
One early morning, after breakfast, Sam took the truck and headed out to the ski lodge to meet up with some of Benny’s people to look at farmland. He definitely wasn’t an expert on farming, being a city kid, but he was interested in learning about it and helping out in whatever way he could. He took the kids with him too, so Claire could continue her lessons on hunting with Jo and Kevin while Jack could meet up with Gavin and Oskar for their fishing trip.
Sometimes he would imagine getting off work and meeting them at some little pub in the lower levels for beers or inviting them over for dinner parties at his apartment, but those ideas were nothing more than impossible daydreams. Still, he liked to think about how different life could have been with them around, too bad Kevin had just never been that lucky. Instead, his only human contact was with the piranhas he worked with, occasion sex-obsessed nameless club men, and his mother.
When they got to the garage, Dean’s guy took a look at it while the two sat on the sidelines watching.
“Isn’t it obvious? Someone has to die tonight,” Gordon announced almost theatrically, and everyone seemed to shrink back.
“Great. Ah well, at least I'll still have my brother to bug in the middle of the night for chess or philosophical debates,” Sam teased, still feeling a bit vulnerable from his vision in the fade, which Cas seemed to pick up on.
Once they were alone, the two glanced at each other and quickly looked away as if unsure what to do with themselves. It took a few extremely awkward moments before Dean couldn’t bear it any more.
“Well, I assume you've already realized they aren't all bad are they, kiddo?” Ellen winked motioning in Dean's direction. Castiel blushed and glanced at Dean from the corner of his eye. “Her daddy was a good man too, a proper templar, did his duty to protect the mages of the tower and actually bothered to get to know us. We had only been together about 2 years when I got pregnant. When they figured out what had happened they sent him out of the circle. He was gone about halfway through the pregnancy. They never told me where they sent him, never let him send me letters. After a while I just, put it out of my mind, him and... Joanna-Beth. Is she....is she happy?”
Kevin held Jess close as he climbed, and continuously reminded her to keep holding the coat to her wound.
Kevin picked up on Sam's tone and looked away trying to think of someway to lighten the mood, “So, are you here looking for anything in particular?”
“Good morning,” Kevin said quietly moving in for a kiss as Sam further tangled them together under the sheets.
Dean blushed and gave Cas a lopsided smile, his eyes ever over pouring with love and reverence, “Well yeah, I just mean, you know, an extra good one,” he teased, looking Cas up and down, which apparently for Castiel, was enough. Castiel's fingers turned into a fist as he pulled his fiancé close by his leather armor and obscenely licked his way into Dean’s mouth until Dean was moaning and holding onto Castiel’s shoulders for dear life.
Eventually they found the Hot Springs, primarily by following the hot, moist air, when they happened to wander close enough to it. There was a small cottage, tucked between two large hot springs each surrounded by tall wooden planks. Steam rose from the hot springs and swirled up through the trees making the light from the lanterns in that area hazy. Even from outside, they could hear laughter and the chatting voices of many people.
“I understand that Anna, but is this really how you want to experience it? If we get high enough standing maybe-”
Polly immediately headed towards the curtain, but stopped short when Ben called to her, “Duchess, wait, take the blanket,” Ben said as he got up and quickly took the blanket off, but Polly shook her head, “Thanks Ben, but I’ll need my hands free.”
“Hm, I ne’er thought of that,” Jamie said thinking about it for a moment before shrugging it off, “Either way, I ne’er saw so many ladies faint in one evening.” Dean and Jamie laughed together while Polly just shook her head.
After a dinner of turnip and nug stew with a side of somewhat overly salty bread, everyone returned to their rooms. Castiel and Sam worked together on their homework and as they got into bed Sam felt he had one more hurdle before he could fully embrace his new life. He had forgiveness from his brother, which meant everything, but he needed understanding and support from someone here. He needed to confess and to be given hope. He needed Cas to know.
Sam shrugged, “No idea. It hasn’t all really registered yet. I still feel like I’m going to walk out there and everything will just look like it’s always looked.”
When they got to Cas's room and shut the door Dean put his bag down and looked at Cas seriously, “You sure they don't know about us?”
He had only been asleep for a couple hours when there was a knock at the door. Kevin whined and put his pillow over his head, trying to ignore it, but the knocking just got louder. With a sigh of irritation he pulled himself from his bed; his shirt was now only half tucked in and at some point he had apparently undone his belt. He was sure his hair was a complete mess, but that is what people get when they come over unexpectedly.
“The tourists might try to steal him away, Dean, better be careful,” Jo added and Dean gave an exaggerated face of irritation, “You are all jerks.”
Sam's eyes widened, “I'm not talking about that, Dean. God. I mean, we balance each other out. He can be serious when I need him to and he can help me lighten up when I need to. It's that simple. I just...want you to support me in this.”
Cas ran through the gate that led to the marketplace, guards were all running towards the alienage and some of the other elves were running out as well, so he didn't look suspicious in the least. Many human citizens were standing outside the alienage trying to get a glimpse at the scene and Cas had to shove himself through them to get out towards the back alleys. There were warning bells sounding now and the entire city seemed to come alive with fear and curiosity. Cas panted as he ran hard, trying to remember the streets he had read on the map that morning. He took one turn after another, trying to avoid running into people as he went, his chest burned and ached for oxygen and his legs felt weak.
“Yeah, I think he's rubbing off on you. That's another reason we need to still be roommates, who is going to protect your from Balthazar when I'm not there?” Sam teased and Cas did a squinty glare at his friend.
“That sounds like a great plan,” Sam encouraged as he looked around the boat, completely unsure of what to look for. When he thought about it, he realized, this was his first time on a boat.
“They were good people. I was sorry to hear about what happened.” Despite his shakiness, his tone was genuine.
“Alright. I'm getting pretty good with the sword and shield. The abilities are taking some time, probably because I'm not on the blue stuff yet.”
After the bath, the group made their way back to the Inn in high spirits. Ben was more than a little excited to see Anna, The Doctor was excited for the tour itself, and Kevin was ready to finally get some work done. They gathered at the Inn where Polly and Jamie were having breakfast and joined them. Having breakfast in the same lighting as dinner was a little disorienting, but it was another incredible meal courtesy of Dean Campbell.
That night he had drinks with Gabriel in the dining hall over a few rounds of diamondback and Gabriel's favorite card game: Dead Man's Tricks. Then halfway through the night, they moved to Gabriel's room where Gabriel gathered everyone together for Wicked Grace. Gabriel had gotten several bottles of Butterbile 7:84 and even after one round, everyone was well drunk.
The multiple fireplaces kept every inch of the house warm and comfortable, but something felt off. The whole place was oddly quiet and overly clean, not cluttered and lived in like Cas’ place. Dean would never have even thought there was anyone else home if he hadn’t seen a young man’s face poke out curiously from a room at the end of the hall.
“This is amazing...” Sam said quietly as he walked by tables covered in weapons and bottles of strangely marked liquids. Dean went to check a couple of the different smaller rooms and found a guest room and bathroom, a lab and a trophy room. When the boys met up again they could barely keep their eyes from wandering. Sam ran his finger along a small note his mother had written on a map hanging on the wall, “Dean, do you ever wish...we would have followed in their foot steps? I mean looking at all this...there is so much about their world that we don't know...that we never got to be a part of.”
Benny looked the letter over one last time and tossed it in the dwindling fire that was warming his room before he headed downstairs. He fixed his guests a simple breakfast of toast with honey and cloves and a Free Marcher tea made to help hang overs for Dean and a soothing mix of chamomile, embrium and amrita vein tea for the others. He went around the house finishing some chores, cleaning things, weeding his garden, everything he usually did in the morning and then headed out to town for supplies. He'd load up the carts, put a sign on the door and they'd be out of there by noon. Most people were busy at work then and no one would be hanging around his bar, since it didn't typically open till nightfall anyway.
Kevin sat watching the Doctor and Polly work, listening to the fighting outside and feeling the tremors that shook the building. At this point all he could do was hand them whatever they needed and hope for the best.
“It's ok, my father is an auror and he's investigating a case so me and my brother are staying here for the holidays.”
“No I understand, you're frustrated, believe me. I tried everything to keep my girl, even when I lost her father, I kept fighting. I went to speak to everyone, I begged, I tried to gather strength by gathering others who had been through similar situations, I fought, I even tried to run once, and that got me solitary for my last trimester. Nothing worked, they have us right where they want us, and they know it. I don't know what it's going to take, but things will change Castiel, mark my words they will, but it's not going to be through talks, not at first. Something is gonna change, maybe it'll be society, or culture, maybe war, maybe things will just get so bad that someone does something stupid and the weights finally tip the scale, or maybe we'll get so stable that people can start thinking about making the world better instead of just trying to keep it going. I don't know what, but something will happen and you can't force it, no matter how much you want to. The best you can do is try to make the world around you better, take care of the others in the tower, help educate the younger mages, inspire change by inspiring understanding and by being an example of what mages can be. You understand?”
Chuck nodded, “Yes. If any of you choose, you may also volunteer to be made tranquil instead of undergoing your harrowing. For those of you who feel unsure about your abilities to handle demons, that may be the correct path for you. Before we begin, is there anyone who would like to volunteer to become tranquil?”
“I am just wanting to get some extra sovereigns. Kevin's birthday is coming up.” Sam said with a somewhat sly grin and Dean laughed, “My brother the lover boy. Who would've guessed it. Well, hope you both find something good in there, I however, am going to go find a
It was only moments after they had left that Cas arrived. He quickly went in and looked around, desperately until he finally found the owner.
All able bodied experienced hunters geared up. There were more than Kevin expected, he was beginning to think that everyone had at least some training in hunting.
Benny shared a quiet smile with Dean and planted an Antivan sip-sip in front of each of the templars. They all chugged the bottles down in one go and Dean had to hold back his laughter as he leaned against Ash. “Those guys are going to be so wasted in a couple minutes. This is going to be amazing.”
“Come on,” Sam said leading them to a table. Kevin settled in his chair and noticed Polly looking around. Kevin looked around as well and couldn’t find Ben. “Maybe they went somewhere else?” Kevin suggested and Polly’s attention was pulled back to the table, “Yeah, looks like it. Well he’s a big boy, he can take care of himself…probably.”
It was double cherry. Dean lifted a fork full and he could smell the truth of what Samuel said, this pie was the same kind his mother used to make. It had the same hints of vanilla in the crust and two kinds of cherry were poking out from the lattice in a perfect blend of sweet and sour. Every time his mom would put a plate of pie in front of him, she would lean down and wrap him in a hug, even when he was a grown man, because when he was little he would practically throw himself at her in joy every time she made a pie for him. But this wasn't his mother's pie and she wasn't here. These people may have been her blood, but they weren't her family. Not at the end. Dean hesitated and then put the fork back down, “Why don't we get to why you asked me here.”
Sam smirked, “Yeah, sure. Jack found some pretty good emergency supplies, some more fishing gear too, looks like this was a good haul and we haven’t even started fishing.”
Castiel moved forward again slowly, testing the waters, when Dean didn’t move away this time, he slowly lifted his hand to Dean’s cheek and wiped the tear trail away, “I shouldn’t have…you are nothing like him. You could never be like him.” Dean closed his eyes and let his forehead rest against Castiel’s. If it were anyone else, he would snap, he’d attack and scream and throw it all out the damn window, but even if he wasn’t sure he believed what Cas was saying, he wanted to hear it so badly.
Polly looked away unable to watch the scene and turned into Ben’s arms. Ben held her close and kept his eyes away from the scene as well, unable to speak.
“Old habit, besides, they don’t count as weapons, right?” Dean turned Gordon over with a hard slam and Jody cuffed him.
When Sam got out of the cramped back seat of the truck, he stretched his arms high up above his head and took in a deep breath of the cold, crisp air, catching the fresh scent of the river. Jack hopped out after him, barely able to contain himself, “This is going to be so great! Let’s go to the gear shop first, we have a lot of stuff to get you guys before we can head out!” Jack had been practically bouncing with energy all day. It had been a long time since Sam had seen anyone this excited about anything. It filled him with a strong sense of hope and he couldn’t help but start to feel excited too, even though he hadn’t really ever had any interest in fishing.
Sam followed Dean around the basement as he looked at the pile of guns on each table, “Dean, you barely know how to shoot.”
When they reached the village, they found the entire place surrounded by wooden walls, protected from the dark lurching movement of the trees. From the forest, they could hear the sound of branches snapping against one another and whole trees tearing their roots from the earth. They made their way through the quiet village to the clinic. “Raphael?!” Dean shouted at the door, pounding on the door with his fist. “Raph?! Dammit where is he?”
Moonlight Falls, Oregon was on the cold gray coast of the Pacific and tucked away by mountains that wore pine trees like sweaters. However, despite it's small size, the town was alive with people and culture. The town had a long history of supernatural activity, and even when the creatures no longer had to hide, they still lived there in great numbers- their roots going back to the town's creation. With enough work to keep them busy, John and Mary Winchester chose this quiet, little place to build their home. That home, of course was no modest two story, white picket fenced farmhouse. No, it was a two story mansion with a basement just as big as the two stories above.
“Oh? I just meant, well, Jody told me she saw you guys…you know?” Benny waved his hand back and forth and Dean instantly knew he was talking about the kiss. He felt his heart sink into his gut, leaving him hallow and shaky, but ready for a fight as Benny continued, “I uhh..I’ve been avoiding the subject, for privacy and what not, but I figured we are at a pretty good place now. Hell, to be honest, you’ve only been here a couple days and I already think of you like my second in command, brother. I don’t want you to feel like you gotta hide anything. This may have been a red as all hell state, but with the world what it is now, not too many people give a shit about anything beyond whether your alive or dead. Least, not that I’ve seen. I’ll be honest, not everyone with us is what I’d call “decent folk,” hell those two you took out back in White Bird, I can’t say I miss ‘em. But alive is alive and while we can, it’s best to live our lives the way we want, ain’t it?”
Kevin looked up at Castiel and noticed that the man was somewhere between suspicious and worried, he was also still clutching his violin. Kevin could work with this.
When they finally got to the front door, Dean knocked a few times, and eventually the door opened. They were greeted by a middle-aged man with a thick, but well-trimmed beard, and the kind of hand tailored Italian suit that Dean had only ever seen on TV or in magazines. As finely made as it was, the suit had clearly taken a beating since the end of dry cleaning: it was wrinkled, dirty, and even had a few tears. The fact that the man was still wearing it said a lot.
Castiel rummaged around for a moment and pulled out a bottle slick with ice crystals and condensation, then he went to look for a bottle opener and eventually a glass. Kevin quietly followed him around the kitchen, “You know, I have to say, even though I really shouldn’t have, I’m glad I got to take a peek at your kitchen. There’s a very interesting balance of technologies in here,” Kevin commented as he gave an exaggerated look around to room: the cooking was clearly done over a fire, but they had a low-energy refrigerating unit to keep things cold and fresh for long periods of time.
“Ah. Well, why don't you just kiss him? I mean knowing you, the whole talking about feelings thing is never gonna happen, so why don't you show him? You know, play to your strengths!”
Dean buried his head in his pillow for a minute feeling his heart sink. Being half asleep, he responded a bit more honestly than he normally would:
Dean swallowed hard, put the lyrium down and walked to the table where they were sitting. “They know about you and Kevin. The Knight-Commander for sure knows and probably The First Enchanter, too.”
Dean stopped, looked around, and went over to the table, “Need any help? I uh, I owe Anna that much.”
Dean remembered hearing about the concert from one of his father’s suppliers, some of his favorite bands were playing that year and he was desperate to go. For months, he started skipping meals and saving every spare dollar he could get his hands on, and somehow, he actually managed to have enough saved before the tickets even went on sale.
“Yes, I just need a moment. This is...” Cas wasn't even sure what to say as he ran his fingers along Dean's cheek, staring into his eyes, feeling their bodies tied together.
Also, if you haven't heard Jensen sing Angeles go watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyjfDUwH3vc
By the time he reached Dean's nipples, Cas was snickering and Dean was aching for it, Cas tonged around the already hardened bud and Dean put his head into his blankets, trying to muffle his moan, “Cas.” He said quietly in a breathy gasp. Cas smiled as he took Dean's nipple into his mouth, gently scraping against it with his teeth before licking around it again, giving it a soft suck as his fingers moved to the other one, caressing around it first, then moving over it, pressing in and tugging a bit. Dean's throat gave an involuntary whimper as he arched into the touch, his cock was begging for attention now, his whole body was buzzing with need, but the only words he could get out were 'Cas' and 'please'. He ground his hips up against Cas, trying to get any bit of friction he could.
Dean’s brow crinkled, and his head jerked back on reflex, “Are you kidding? Maybe I don’t know how they did it back in your bullshit corporate world, but to the rest of the world, if you owe him, you don’t get to say no.”
Castiel's eyes narrowed, “If you keep sassing me, I might just stare at it all night... If you want me to do something, beg for it. Let me see how bad you want it.”
Cas knew what Dean wanted now, but instead he ran his fingers down Dean's sides instead. Dean sighed into the touch, his eyes could barely stay open now because whenever he caught Cas's intense stare he felt like he could cum right there, pinned down by Cas's presence alone.
“Are you single?” One of the already grown children asked and the group broke into a polite laughter while Anna gave him a smile that suggested she had head the line a thousand times, but was not about to be condescending about it.
After searching his room and checking the supply lists, Alastair was apprehended and marked to be sent to The White Spire in Val Royeaux for punishment, the punishment was more for stealing lyrium than anything else, but he was to be sent away and for now that was enough. Castiel however, had to be punished for what was being called 'his vigilantism' and was sentenced to two months of solitary confinement.
The snow had finally stopped, and the night had reached its darkest point, only lit by a half moon. Neither of them spoke during the drive; they were both physically and mentally exhausted, and trying hopelessly to prepare for what was to come. The only sounds were the truck’s engine as it raced down the mountain, and the light splashing of the remaining spiked cocoa that Andrea had prepared for them that morning to wake them up.
“Ugh just open the damn cart so we can at least be spared your crap.” Another templar added and Dean rolled his eyes, “Seriously? We have so much shit back there are you really gonna make me open everything? Obviously if a bunch of mages jumped in the back of our cart, I'd notice.”
That’s when he heard the whistling. Dean closed his eyes and fought hard, he knew hope was close. In moments, Benny was on one of the walkers, pulling it up by the helmet and stabbing his machete through the base of its skull. Without all the weight on him, Dean rolled to the side and grabbed his knife before rushing to stab the other through the eye. Looking down at them, he finally let himself breath, only just realizing how long he had been holding his breath.
After a while, Balthazar came over to collect Sam and they headed back to the Sytherin tower with the rest of their group. Being able to talk to Sam made Dean relax a bit more, but he couldn't help but worry over his brother.
“Now Jamie, Ben, do be careful out there. Remember, these are a last resort. Even if one of the trees did kill Samandriel, the others are most likely innocent, so don’t go splashing this stuff around, understand?”
“We have to get up early tomorrow, Jamie, try not to drink too much. That goes for you as well, Ben. I think I’m going to go look around, see if I can ask the inn-keeper a few more questions,” The Doctor said, clearing his throat a bit as he wiped his hands off on a handkerchief he pulled from his pocket.
As they went further in, they felt the ground tremble beneath them, and noticed the wall beside them was shaking from multiple impacts. Then, suddenly, several large branches reached over the wall and stabbed down at them; Jamie pushed the Doctor and Polly to the ground, covering them with his body while John grabbed Kevin and Ash and pulled them back away from the wall to the other side of the path. Cas moved in front of the group and held up his harpoon to keep the branches back as Dean sprayed some of the acid up at them; they wiggled away, dropping parts of their branches as they went. But without a moment to breath, roots shot up from the ground, tearing the earth apart and grabbing Polly and Jamie.
After two hours of talking about runes and looking at some to find the differences between runes made in different Thaigs, their professor let them go and they spilled into the hallway, many heading for their outside time or to other areas to relax until dinner. Balthazar tugged on Castiel's arm trying to get him to come outside with him, but Castiel was clearly not having it. “I'll go with you tomorrow.”
Of course, Kevin wasn’t nearly as confident as he let on, but there was no reason to worry Sam; besides, he did believe part of what he had said, it was his duty, he just wasn’t always sure about the survival bit. However, fear is a part of being brave and Kevin always considered himself brave, well, when it came to work. He’d gotten himself into plenty of dangerous situations over the years, but those always gave the best stories and he always managed to make his way out safely, so he pressed on, despite his mother’s protesting.
“Alright, let's get going then.” Chuck smiled at his children and led them down the mountain to Catsale.
Dean grinned feeling instantly relieved that his plan was working the way he wanted so far, “Thanks Benny.”
“So, tell me more about your adventures,” Sam asked, his smile slightly lopsided from the alcohol. Kevin laughed, “Well, I could tell you about my first trip I did for an article, I ended up knee deep in fire ants. Or, the time I lived on a submarine for a month to look for a mystery creature in the oceans of Earth 2.4. Oh, or the time I survived a dalek attack?” Sam’s eyes were wide with wonder and Kevin smirked, “But that would be boring. I think we should trade stories.”
Sam let out a breath that it felt like he had been holding for hours. “I don't know how we do that because right now everything is just really confusing. I can't just erase how I've felt the last 8 years Dean. Even if the truth wasn't what I thought it was, that doesn't change that how I felt about myself was largely shaped by how I thought you felt about me.”
Cas shook his head, “I don't know. Dean, I understand that Sam doesn't want to be separated from Kevin, but running away is not so easy and the punishment could mean death. There are the phylacteries, so we'd have to be running forever, and basically the only place you could openly do magic is Tevinter and that comes with a whole other list of problems like slavery, blood magic, and the constant war with The Qun, just to name a few. Then, there is you.”
Meanwhile, Sam was outside, laying in the grass beside Kevin, staring up at the clouds. “It's so unfair. I wish we could do something, he doesn't deserve this.”
Dean gave a breathy laugh, “Oh shit. That was so fucking good.” Cas layed on Dean's chest, letting the cum stick them together and leaving his softening cock inside Dean.
“I bet,” Castiel went quiet for a moment, as if thinking about how to start. “After high school…I went into the military like I had planned. I got into special forces, Green Beret, actually. My team and I did all kinds of covert missions in the…War on Terror. I was in for years, spent most of my time off U.S. soil…lost track of my family, everything I ever was in Chicago. It was like a whole new start where things finally mattered. Where I could do some good.”
“I want to help them go to the circle for the benefit of everyone, I don't want to catch them like wild mabari and pen them up. I'm not Gordon.”
Dean looked off, “I don't need a lecture. I wanted to take care of things myself, this is my problem and I have to be able to handle it.”
“It's alright, I know what you must be going through. Here, it won't help that much, but I brought you some food.” He held out a bowl of nug meat with boiled pear and vandal aria sauce. “The nug is a bit dry, but the sauce makes up for it.” Dean looked at it like it was salvation itself.
That week, Dean and Cas continued to text throughout the day and leaving notes to one another at work on random pieces of equipment for the other to find. When the weekend approached, they made a plan to meet up on Saturday for the first time since they had met. Dean had already picked out a series of places to take Cas and had been grinning the entire day beforehand which of course led to putting up with Sam's teasing.
The more he had to do outside of school just to keep food on the table and a roof over their heads, the more school felt like a waste of time. He had liked it once, but having to spend most of his time there pushing drugs made it a lot less interesting. In his last year before he got expelled, he and Castiel had the same history class. They had had classes together periodically throughout their entire lives, but Dean hadn’t really paid him much attention until that history class. Castiel was a fucking Novak, south-side born and raised, neglected, and probably as fucked up as Dean was himself, but somehow the asshole knew the answers to every fucking question. It wasn’t Castiel’s fault how shitty Dean’s life was…but he took it out on him anyway.
“Dean, I was freaking out all night thinking you were dead, you are gonna shut up and let me fuss.” Sam commanded and Dean blinked at him in surprise a few times before shrugging it off.
“Absolutely not!” Balthazar shouted and Anna nodded eagerly in agreement, “Yeah, Cas, we can't ask you to do that, there has to be another way. No one needs to put themselves in that kind of situation.”
“Wait tables..work the register...just small things. He has Anna come in and help when she can as well. Honesty, the place has been rather lucrative. More than we expected. I think he will be able to hire a proper staff soon...though I'm sure he will still prefer the free labor that Anna and I provide.”
“Cas, no matter what happens later, we’ll help you while we’re here. Hell, I’ve been sitting here all night thinking about what we were gonna do about those assholes anyway. You make a plan and I’m there.”
“Well, aren't you talented,” Crowley chuckled under his breath as he pulled his fingers away from Dean, only to hear Dean give a quiet whine.
Polly was the first to notice Kevin rejoin them and patted the spot next to her. Kevin took it gratefully.
“This cave is easily the best place to hide around here, most people don't even know it's there because of all the rashvine.” Ash cleared the rashvine away with a gloved hand and revealed a dark entrance with only the blue glow of deep mushrooms to give any indication of just how far in the cave went.
“Might as well look a bit more,” another brother agreed, and soon they were all hungry for blood, Dean included.
Everything seemed quiet enough in the neighborhood, but that didn’t necessarily mean anything. Dean kept his assault rifle ready, and looked around cautiously. His whole body tensed and focused as he prepared for what could end up as either a brutal firefight, a boring trade talk or, if they were lucky, maybe a massive looting spree. Beside him, Castiel was clearly at the ready too, but unlike before, he seemed to have fallen into an almost intimidating calm, like a snake ready to snap at the first sign of danger. Here was the soldier.
Cas took that as a challenge and immediately flipped them back around, straddling Dean's hips. Dean grinned up at him and put his arms behind his head as Cas looked him over. Cas went for his neck first, and Dean sighed into it, “Oh, yeah, I like it there, but that's not the good spot.”
Benny pulled the truck up and hopped out, with Dean close behind him. From their own trucks, several others joined them. Benny gave a polite smile looking his people over, “Alright, it’s just like we talked about, Garth, Ash, Meg, and Donna, you four are gonna be putting together some traps to block off the road right up here, a few feet in front of the trucks. I want several layers going of spikes, traps, a barricade, whatever you can manage, and Ash, use the terrain alright? Its our best damn weapon out here.”
“Of course, it's alright, I'll take care of it.” Cas went to move, but Dean held on. “Dean, I can't remove the blankets if you don't let me go.”
“Cross your fingers for a mire beast, babe,” Dean said giving Castiel another quick kiss, pulling him close.
“It’s true, Castiel is horrible in the morning, he needs all the help he can get,” Samandriel added with his usual bright innocent smile.
“Well, ok there is, but it’s not about him. Not, completely.”  Linda lifted a brow and waited silently until her son broke, “Ok, ok, enough with the look. We both know I’m only here for a stupid cultural piece right? But there might be a real story here, like political intrigue people in danger kind of stuff. So, I planted some bugs and now I feel like I’m invading his privacy and betraying him and I really like him, but if this story pans out, I could get that raise I’ve been waiting for forever AND I might help people.”
Mary took the Doctor’s group, Kevin included, aside and thanked them once again for their help. “Truly the Gods provide us with miracles in difficult times, you all were exactly what we needed when we needed it: you all were our miracle. I don’t know how we ever would have made it through all that without your help. Thank you again and know that you are always welcome here.”
The kiss tasted like tears, but Kevin’s entire body shuddered and ached with longing. Inside his head, all he could hear was the word love. This was love, that fabled feeling that the world wrote endless stories and songs about, this is was what the big deal was about. His throat felt tight and he could feel his tears spilling from his cheek and chin down to the floor, but he held onto Sam as tightly as he could for that one moment.
“Oh, me and Cas’ll have kids. Hell, Cas has already been asking around. There is this one woman, she’s about 6 months pregnant, said we could have her baby. They think it’s gonna be a girl too.”
When Cas’ truck roared into the driveway, Claire and Sam dropped everything and ran out to meet him while Jack wobbled out onto the porch behind them with his temporary, home-made crutch. Cas cut the engine and quickly jumped out, his boots crushing the snow beneath him as he shouted, “Claire, stop! Don’t come any closer. Get Jack and wait in your room until I tell you to come out.”
Sam took a bite of steak and practically moaned, “Oh Maker, that's good. Seriously, I have never had anything this good. How much have we been missing in the tower?”
“How far did you make it this time?” The boy asked, not out of malice, but genuine curiosity. The boy's name was Kevin, and he had been raised a noble up in the north of Ferelden by Highever. His mother was currently running their house, but he was suppose to be her heir. When he came into his magic, his mother tried to help him hide it, but eventually he was caught and brought to the tower. Kevin had the drive to excel in everything he did, so despite the fact that he was living a much less comfortable life than he had before, he was still aiming to be the top of the class and kept saying he would be First Enchanter someday. Despite his own intentions, Sam respected that and in turn, Kevin and Castiel were the only ones to never judge him.
“Huh? Oh, aye,” Jamie agreed and Kevin gave them a suspicious look before sighing and pulling out his tablet. “Here, I got some pictures. This is from my apartment window.” The picture was facing down dozens of stories with only thick smog at the bottom.
It looked like every other door, but knowing it was Sam's door made it so much more important. He could hear people moving through the hall behind him, probably talking about the weird templar staring at some kid's door like a stalker. What if Sam was home, though? What if he answered? What if it was a different Sam? What if his Sam was dead or an apostate somewhere, living in the wilds? No, get it together. Knock. Stop being a creep and knock. It's going to be fine either way. Everything will work out.
The image started to melt away like a cheap Orlaisian mask and as the mask corroded, lava became visible from underneath. Sam backed up and looked around, he spotted a staff nearby and ran to it just as the rage demon stood, “Sam, I can feel your rage, your lust for violence and revenge.”
Because nearly everything they had was imported or artificially created, they had to be careful of using resources, including electronics, which they said not to use unless necessary, as most of the energy on the planet was used to sustain the atmosphere and weather controls. The more he witnessed, the more he noticed the strange juxtaposition of technology. Everything seemed to be stuck in a time-warp, with the natural cooking over a fire, the home-made furniture and clothes, and the lanterns, but still everyone had communicator watches and the weather was artificial. They made an incredible amount of money in tourism and from the royalties from the movies that were allowed to actually shoot on the planet, but even that must have barely helped them break even. That or they were hoarding money like dragons. Kevin thought about Sam sitting on a pile of gold and couldn’t help but snicker to himself, catching Ben’s eye. Ben gave him a questioning look, but Kevin just waved him off.
“Wait, we dinnae have to sleep here do we? You just told us it could collapse anytime!” Jamie said looking at the Doctor for support, but the short, ruffled man just smiled at him.
When everyone was finally in bed and the candles were out, Sam finally got up the courage to whisper to his brother from the other side of the pull-out bed, “So, Castiel Novak…”
“Just kisses. He'll get over it.” Dean tugged loosely at Cas's shoulder and pulled him in for sloppy, wet kisses. Cas laughed lightly into them as Dean ran his hands along Cas's body and grabbed his ass. “You need to always wear pants.”
“Claire, honey, can you go wait in the other room?” Claire looked at her mother with worry, but quickly obeyed. Once she was sure Claire was in the other room, Claire's mother continued in a quiet voice, “Is the circle really so bad? She'd have a home and food, she'd be better provided for than we could ever do. I mean, life here isn't perfect, but running out to find the Dalish? We'd probably be caught and sold to Tevinter slavers before we ever found them. Plus, what kind of life is that? Living off the forest and always having to pick up and move around out of fear of humans.”
Dean looked up at Cas teasingly as he licked along Cas's length, kissing the tip and letting his tongue slide along the slit. Cas whimpered and worked on the last nail. “Dean, if you keep that up, I'm going to cum before I even get in you.”
After another two days of nothing, Dean woke up hurting, but he knew what day it was. He threw on his robes and armor and ran downstairs at the crack of dawn to trade for more Aqua Magus. If The Chantry didn't have such a strong hold on lyrium, he probably could have found some traders with the good stuff, but no such luck. Even worse, when Dean got downstairs to get his weekly allowance, he noticed Dick and his goons were in line already. That meant they were going to get first dibs on the lyrium drinks. Dammit.
Dean and Sam looked at each other. From the other room they could hear Claire trying to wake Castiel up.
Chuck seemed to think it over for a moment, but his features were already twisting enough to give away his answer. He was clearly just trying to figure out how to word a polite refusal, but Kevin wasn’t about to give him an easy out- after all some people would say yes purely because they couldn’t figure out how to say no and pictures in a hot spring would definitely sell copies.
How ironic. Castiel was right about one thing, they didn’t know each other anymore. Even now, Dean could almost feel his father’s shadow towering over him, its darkness was imprinted so deeply into his skin that it was tattooed on his bones. Even Sam didn’t even know about all of what he’d done…how truly beyond redemption he was.
“Dean is going to see the other templars, see what's going on. So, uh, we didn't really get introduced properly yet, but I'm guessing you are Dean's brother?” He said motioning to Sam who smiled politely as he helped Kevin continue drinking the tea, “Yeah, I'm Sam.”
Kevin called Sam to his room and Sam collected the pieces, checking them as he went. “So, how was the hunt? Did you get some good shots for your article?”
“Hold up Cas, didn’t we talk about how horrible most of the people we’ve run into are, we can’t just go jumping into this,” Dean responded, and Claire nodded in agreement.
That night, they once again had mire beast, but this time it was buried in a curry that reminded Kevin of a little Indo-Japanese restaurant a few levels down from his apartment.
“I doubt they will pay us for a wrecked car, Dean!” Cas shouted, but Dean just screamed the song louder. He let the car slide and drift around turns as he flew through town. Cas glared at him disapprovingly for a while, but with a quick, playful hit to the gut, and Dean’s terrible, but enthusiastic singing, Cas finally cracked a smile. It wasn’t long until he was screaming along to the music too and laughing for no reason other than that he was enjoying the ride.
“Dad, we’ll be fine if we spread out just a little, we can stay in shouting distance or something,” Dean suggested carefully and Jo nodded, “Yeah and we could pair inexperienced hunters with experienced hunters. It’ll be fine.”
“You're just jealous. Come on Sammy, it's about time we go get you a girl. Wanna hit the bars tonight?”
“Seriously? Uh, let’s see, maybe because there is a HOARD coming this way? Or maybe because we are running low on supplies? Or how about because of the flu going around? All of these things could literally kill us all by next week and all you care about is this tomato soup?!”
“Dean...I need you,” Cas whispered as he mouthed along Dean's neck, nipping and sucking at it, just enough to cause a thin speckle of pink to stain and mark him.
“I guess. Can’t be that many though. We would have heard or seen something by now. Besides, he looks half frozen, couldn’t have been that much trouble.”
Dean stared at it for a minute before tossing his phone back on the table by his bed and pulling his pillow over his head.
“Yeah right, it's been hundreds of years, if there was going to be another blight there would have been. The Grey Wardens ended it.” Anna said shrugging as she looked away with disinterest to the window.
“Yeah, we are probably going to have to wait for my brother to go somewhere too, at least for the really loud sex.”
“The hell it’s not! This whole group’s potential is being wasted. We could be living like kings, but instead we cower in some fucking ski lodge crammed together in our sleeping bags so tight we are rolling over each other. These things, what is left of people after they turn, they are NOT a threat, we can hunt and trap them just like we can any other animal, but not if we are always hesitating, not if we are weak. Even in White Bird, we lost two people just because they were afraid to act. Then a few days later we have their murderers on our front door and what do you do, Benny? You play nice with them. You make one of them your new best friend.”
“Captain Mills! It's so good to see you, but no not yet, we are waiting for two more people. We do need to be ready to go the minute they get here though. Their names are Castiel and Dean, Castiel is a dark haired elf and Dean has green eyes and freckles, he's almost as tall as Sam, here.”
Dean shoved them away, ducked down low to the ground on reflex, and quickly rolled away from them through the snow, “Shit, we don’t have time for this.” Relieved that he had already put the silencer on, Dean pulled out his pistol and shot the first in the head, then the second. He looked back over to the reservoir and saw that Meg had fought her way back up onto the ice. It looked like she couldn’t stand, and she seemed to be moving very slowly, almost like she was injured, but at least she was out of the water and the walker appeared to be down.
Dean gave that more-than-likely-offensive finger gesture to them and kissed Cas harder, making the man moan in his low, gruff tone.
“Well let’s get moving then, we are gonna need that to contact our family back home, too,” Dean said as he strolled up with Cas and John behind him. They were all filthy with dirt and blood, but seemed mostly unhurt.
“Yeah, sleep well, angel,” Dean gave him one more quick kiss and looked back at Sam and Jamie, “Let’s go guys. That damn alter isn’t gonna move itself.” Dean went over to the alter and with Sam and Jamie’s help, lifted it up and out the door. Kevin and the Doctor made their way to Chuck. “Is there anything we can do to help?” The Doctor asked and Chuck smiled, “If you could grab another box of decorations, that’d be great.”
Kevin smiled, “She is pretty amazing. I can't believe I'm going to see her in a few days.” Kevin moved to the bed and Sam pulled him into his arms.
“Very, actually. I read plenty. I just, you know, generally read stuff I like. Less textbook, more story. You know, dragons, murder mysteries, that kinda stuff.”
“Ok, I’m going to try it, thank you,” Polly answered and the woman on the ground smiled, “No, thank you. Put a stop to this madness.”
“Just what I was thinking.” Gabriel poured the cold syrup directly down onto Sam's hole and it dribbled over him onto the counter.
“Yeah, we’re soulmates. That’s why Chuck kept giving you back to me. Guess he realized that wasn’t enough for me to get my head outta my ass.” Cas looked at him, trying to understand again and Dean shook his head, he had never been any good at this.
He looked at himself in the small chipped mirror, his short black hair was sticking up and he had dark bags under his eyes. Maybe tonight he would skip the beer and go to bed early. He still needed to give Sam his armor back though and have dinner. He should check to see if the bug picked anything up too. Part of him just wanted to call his mom. He was exhausted, nerve-wrecked, and filthy.
After a long, dreamless nap, Kevin woke up still uncomfortably uncertain about everything. He blamed the rain. Still, he felt the need to do something with himself, so he listened to what the bugs had recorded. Mary’s office was again, mostly unusable and uninteresting discussions. The only thing that could be a lead was that ‘Naomi’ was reported to be ‘making her rounds’ at the various communities. Kevin made a note of it and went to his other bugs. The lobby had some interesting, although again, not useful information.
Dean blushed, “Hey, I did not moan...I was just...being nice. I wouldn't have had to if your brother would just make wedding pie like I asked.”
Halfway there, Dean forgot what he was even doing and it took him several minutes of looking around before the pain reminded him. Finally, after what felt like days, he got to the office. He could practically feel the lyrium waiting on the other side of the door. He had no idea how to pick a lock, or the tools to do it and he couldn't just break the door down. Maybe he could get Anna to give him a key? He knew he forgot something. He was just about to turn away from the door when he saw the knight commander looking at him.
“If you care about it this much, it can’t be stupid. Just tell me,” Cas said as he pulled Dean close again.
Kevin made his way awkwardly through the family to Castiel for a last quick greeting, “Uhm, Castiel, I’m going to head back to the Inn, thank you for letting me take pictures and be here for this. I’m looking forward to the ceremony.”
“Because I figured it'd be better if you went with a friend and saw her for yourself than just hear about it over breakfast.”
“No, mine! Get your own!” Kevin pointed at Gabriel like he was commanding a mabari and slipped into Sam's lap to make his point.
“That sounds amazing, thank you,” Sam answered; it was hard not to focus on the pain, but in exchange for a warm meal and some dry clothes, it would be worth it.
The summer started with Sam settling back at home. Being back home, being reminded that his parents were gone was hard at first, but he was grateful for the quiet and the familiarity. He had a few more classes to finish for his degree, so he began studying for them in the afternoons while Dean was away at work. He would call Brady now and then just to talk, and even just hearing the man's voice made any worries, grief, or stress he had, vanish.
Dean looked at Benny helplessly, “Don’t you think I want to? Benny, I have no fucking clue what I’m doing…seriously, and Cas is way too fucking good for me. It might be the end of the world, but he can still do way better.”
From all the movement of the struggle, the ice continued to crack and split around them, and abruptly the hole around her knee splintered and pulled her down deeper. As she fell, she was thrown off balance sending her crashing backwards onto the ice with the newly freed walker on top of her. The sudden impact of their bodies against the surface of the reservoir sent out rippling tears that seemed to spread out all across the ice as she was sucked into the intensely cold, muddy water below: trapped under the walker that was still snapping at her.
In the late afternoon, everyone in the community was gathered to the meeting hall. The tourists mostly stayed in the back, but there was enough room for everyone to find a spot to sit.
Sam looked over at Dean, “Wait, like Castiel Novak? The kid you beat up in high school? The one you got expelled over?”
“This isn’t about revenge! This is about helping all of you idiots realize what the real world is like. Back at that factory, we had a job to do, if we had all just gone in and done it right, no holding back, no pussyfooting around like scared little rabbits, Cole wouldn’t be dead.”
There was a polite applause as Mary went to sit and Naomi came to the stage. “Greetings, citizens of Occulta Caelum, my name is Naomi and I’m the community leader for Velut Ferrum and I am here to propose something that, though controversial, will ultimately make our lives endlessly better. For generations, we have taken care of the trees and they have taken care of us, more or less. Despite our symbiotic relationship, the truth of the matter is, we only survive here because of our technology. Even the trees would surely burn up if they were not protected by our machines. The atmosphere, the energy, the animals in the forest, the fertilizer for the trees and plants, the rain and the streams that we share, all of it exists because of us. Everything that keeps us and the trees surviving, is here because of us. We live on whatever scraps we can afford, in order to continue living here because despite the flaws, this is our home. But for once, open your eyes to look outside. The rest of the universe has machines to do everything, they have medicine to heal just about anything, and they live in comfort while we live in squalor. But this doesn’t have to be so. We are the dominant species on this planet. We don’t need the trees, they need us and yet we bow to them. We do everything we can to honor them and what do they do for us? Really? What do they do that we couldn’t? If we harvested one tree, not a family tree, of course, but just any other tree in the forest, we could sell it for enough money that we could enhance the lives of everyone on this planet exponentially. We could have enough energy to run the machines we need to live on this planet and have enough extra that we could update our homes. We could all have refrigerating units to keep our food fresh for longer, we could get showers in every home, and we could gather a wider range of medicines and medical equipment to help those in need. We could even buy a ship to allow our people to travel and conduct trade in person. We could do anything if we just harvest one single tree. The trees have been honored for long enough, it is time for them to do something to help us. One single tree could change our lives forever. It could let our colony grow and evolve. How long do you want to just barely scrape by? How long do you want to live in fear of the day we cannot keep our machines running? This would assure our safety and strengthen us. ”
He found a couple more down the next aisle, together this time and both with hardhats. Dean let out a slow breath and considered the situation, looking around for a plan. When he had one, he caught their attention with a quick, “Hey!” and took a turn down a narrow side aisle, hoping one would be a bit faster than the other, so he could separate them out and take one at a time. Dean surged ahead down this new aisle, constantly looking back to the opening behind him as he pushed for a strong head start. Suddenly, without warning, dark grey, rotted arms, shot out and started lunching and grabbing at him desperately. Dean was caught off guard and quickly batted at the arms, suddenly hearing gurgling behind him as the arms scratched and clawed out eagerly to tangle and ensnare him. Finally, after he finally had his bearings, he batted them off enough to duck down and roll out of reach. When he looked back, he saw a walker impaled on a stack of logs, the bottom half of its jaw was missing, and so was the bottom half of its body. Its legs and hips had long fallen off into a puddle on the ground, covered in guts and organs, but its upper torso remained upright and clearly starving. He cringed and raised his knife to finish it when he noticed movement from the corner of his eye: the other two were catching up behind him. His plan hadn’t worked, they were about the same speed and wandering towards him together.
“Then, I think my point was made.” Castiel gave one long, last look at Anna and led Dean back upstairs.
“Well that won’t happen, she wants to betray our entire culture, our way of life, no one will agree to that. It would be agreeing to slaughter.”
“Thank you for your hospitality, I want to apologize for how long we took, we wanted to make sure Kevin was at 100% before we brought him back,” Castiel explained as Ellen poured some stew into his bowl, then moved on to Sam’s.
Kevin went back into the main room to hear Jamie’s loud voice, clearly mid-story. “So, then, out of nowhere, the door opens, an’ right there, standing head to toe, naked, in the storm, is the Laird. So, I stop playin’ an’ we all just stare at him for a minute, you know, waiting for an explanation or something, but instead, he just looks me dead in the eye and says, ‘James Robert McCrimmon you get back to playing.’ So, I start playin’ again and he just walks in like nothing is wrong. He just takes his seat and stays there with us all night, just drinking and eating, no one says a thing.”
“I haven't seen you much lately, I wanted to thank you for what you did for Cas. I uhm, I know we can't talk much out here, but maybe sometime you can come over? Cas said you play chess.”
“Sure, brother,” Benny opened the door for Kevin as he left. He hadn’t been planning to head back to the Inn so quick, but now he didn’t really have much of a choice.
“You know what I’m talking about. Knock it the hell off. I don’t know what is up with you guys, but he’s been extra stressed out since you showed up, like way more than usual. Just, stay away from him ok?”
Kevin was close behind Castiel when he opened the door to the lobby, and suddenly it all made sense. The tree that held the Inn up was pulling away and the ceiling was collapsing.
Cas smiled at that as he began to spread the lubricant around Dean's hole, massaging lightly and letting the pad of his finger press gently at it. “I look forward to it.”
“Wait, seriously? How long ago? I mean I share a room with you and I didn’t even notice any of this,” Ben said in surprise and Kevin blushed, “Uhm, since basically the day after I heard Mary talking about Naomi.”
“Hmm… if they got a big group, they might be staying in the National Guard military base. Nothing else really stands out.”
“Sorry. That’s Sally isn’t it?” Jack asked, still staring at her, and Castiel nodded, pulling Jack into a half hug, kissing the top of his head, just to remind himself that Jack was ok. Jack leaned into the embrace, “That means, we almost found everyone…”
“No problem. Now get upstairs before too many people see you.” Sam nodded and quickly made for the stairs. He counted the rooms and stood in front of Linda's door. He gave it a gentle knock and then turned the key in.
“Well, he started off with a lot more, but because his work load is catching up with him, he's had to narrow the number down to just the best of the best. There are only 4 of us left.” Sam said brimming with pride, but suddenly his smile fell, “It was more, but Kevin quit after his attack.”
“Most of them probably didn't. Come on, there are too many templars and tranquils here.” They went back to Castiel's room and Castiel sat down, full of rage, gripping the blankets of his bed in an effort to steady himself. Gabriel leaned against the wall watching him, “You know I half expected you to throw your lock box at the wall or something, I mean I was pretty tempted, but I guess that's just not you. So, what are you gonna do?”
As they continued to walk towards the base, Castiel studied the houses lining the streets. Each seemed to have been looted to a different degree, but the strange thing was that several of the houses had large black Xs spray painted next to the front doors. It was obviously some kind of coding system, but he couldn’t be sure what it meant without further investigation. Perhaps it was the Search and Rescue symbol for the house having been searched? But if that were the case, Castiel wondered why only some of the houses on the block had been marked. There also weren’t any numbers or other markings indicating hazards or numbers of live and dead victims found inside.
Dean laughed quietly under his breath, “Nah, I'm good. This should be a decent enough amount to finish by tomorrow.” He folded it into his robe pockets.
“If you are genuinely thinking of your best interest, then yes. But if you aren’t, maybe you shouldn’t be.” Kevin responded fiercely and Sam looked up at him in disbelief, but he was grinning and that’s when Kevin realized he was too. That probably said something about them that Kevin wasn't sure he wanted to dig into.
“You little harlot!” Balthazar teased and pulled Castiel onto his lap. “I can't believe it wasn't me, I will never get over it. I promise you my dying words will be, why not me?”
“Ah, fuck, yes,” Dean moaned with every breath. When he met Cas’ gaze he couldn’t resist, he eagerly pulled Cas back down to reach his lips. Cas kissed him deeply and messily, then shifted up, pulling Dean onto his lap. Dean looked at him confused and still out of breath.
“Oh, right, sorry, got caught up in the moment. Anyway, Now that the tree has blessed the wedding by granting Cas his own branch, Cas and Dean are going to go live out in the forest for a couple days.”
“Because you don't want anything to get serious or personal, I get it....but Dean you got serious and personal with her last night and she isn't running away.”
Cas smiled, looking down a bit shyly, but then he crawled behind Dean, took the cloth, submerged it in the water and brought it to Dean's shoulders. Dean sighed into the touch and let Cas move him.
“Cas…I’m sorry,” Dean said quietly. His whole goal with the nostalgia trip was to cheer Castiel up, not make him even more upset.
The morning of the festival, Dean slammed each cabinet closed as he raided the Novak kitchen for anything eatable, nothing looked good enough to make up for what he was missing. Castiel watched him patiently for a moment before finally getting up from the table and wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist to settle him. “Dean, I love you, but I think you are about to break the doors off my cabinets. What’s going on?”
.” Kevin looked at him still completely confused as Sam continued, “They decided that each student would be sent off planet to attend school and learn new ways to help our community improve. New Earth even decided to support our efforts by actually paying for the students to attend the university here.”
“Of course. I take it by their absence that it didn’t go well?” Straight to the point, no pulled punches, no bullshit: the south side way. Guess even the army couldn’t burn that out of him.
“You are scheduled for a press-only tour after that too, right?” Sam asked curiously and Kevin nodded, “Yes, around town to see some craft work, I believe?”
Dean gently stroked his damp hair. “Alright, well you just tell me what you need and it's yours, I've got you, Cas,” Cas nodded sleepily as he let the hot water soak into his aching muscles. He nuzzled against Dean's neck and mouthed at it lazily, gently biting and kissing it. Dean carefully adjusted his arms around Cas and held him until they were both lulled into a comfortable, quiet, bliss. When Cas began nodding off, Dean picked him up and carried him to bed.
Then with the same sudden motion that he took him, Castiel released the hunter and smiled, looking Dean over with a somewhat intense meaningful gaze, that Kevin couldn’t imagine being on the end of, “Good luck, Dean.”
At the sound of an energetic knock, Kevin woke with his eyes crusted over, his stomach in knots, and his head throbbing. Not that he was surprised, he had always been susceptible to hang-overs and it didn’t help that he had had a bit more to drink than he had planned last night.
Castiel shook his head as best he could and gasped for air, moving his hand onto Alastair's arm. Just as Castiel tried to burn him, Alastair muted his magic. “Naughty, naughty.” Alastair pulled Castiel from the door and then smashed him into it over and over again. Castiel could feel the wood splinter behind his head with each crash. His eyes rolled back as the lack of oxygen and the hits to the head made everything seem to spin out of control. He pushed at Alastair and tried to kick him, but his strength was gone. When Castiel was limp and coughing out blood as he gasped for air, Alastair opened the door and dragged him upstairs to the Knight-Commander and First Enchanter's shared office by the hair.
“Sure thing, boss,” Meg gave a sarcastic two finger salute. Benny ruffled her hair and she batted him off. She was one of those hood girls that acted like they didn’t care, when they actually did. Still, she was brave and occasionally hilarious, not that Dean would ever admit that to her.
Castiel had already collected stories from nearly all of the mages on his floor, he was then determined to get the veteran mages, teachers and mentors to give their stories. He needed to see that they hadn't forgotten what they had overcome in their lives in the circle. After all, the people he needed to move to action were all mentors and teachers themselves.
“Good, well, you can head out in the morning if you’d like, uhh, don’t believe I got your names yet,” Benny realized and gave an embarrassed chuckle.
Cas gave a small smile at that, and that alone spread that warmth right back through every bone in Dean’s body. “I suppose, the fact that you are here, and the fact that I am here…does mean that we are...tied together…”
“That's out of the question, he's been through enough.” Anna said firmly and Castiel nodded in agreement.
Ash stood in the front of the room with Mary, The Doctor, Polly and Kevin. He ran his hand over his hair before he started, “So, as you can all guess, getting to the shuttle is going to be the hard part. We are going to need all the cover and support we can get. From there, the shuttle only holds 8 to 10 people, tops. Obviously, I have to go and the Doctor asked to have Kevin and Polly there as his assistants which means we can take 4-6 hunters. I personally don’t care who goes, but we won’t have time to decide out there.”
He couldn't do this. He felt like he was dying. His throat was so dry it felt like it would flake off into his stomach, but at least then maybe the hunger would subside. His head was swimming with all kinds of violent, paranoid, disjointed, and lonely thoughts. He needed his fix, he needed it. It didn't matter how he had to get it. He needed it. Crowley must have had a surplus in his office, after all, he didn't adjust the lyrium order just for punishments, he probably kept the extras for emergencies. If he could just sneak in there, he could get some. No one would have to know.
“Cas, more. I need more.” Dean begged quietly, tightening his hold on Cas as if to pull him in deeper. With one fluid motion, Cas pulled Dean from the tree and deposited him on the ground, slipping out of him as he did so. Dean gave a quiet whine as he felt the cold air on his aching, empty hole.
The Doctor cleared his throat and folded his hands together briefly before wringing them a few times as he spoke, “Ah, yes, well, I believe, if your hunters could get me a sample from one of the poisoned trees, I could make an antidote to counteract the poison. It would be difficult, I would need a laboratory and some time to work, but I believe that it can be done.”
“Well, he says you can come back from mistakes, as long as you come back through reason and not just passions or because you want a better reputation or advantage…if you are true about it and have realized your mistake in an honest way, then you will come back better than you were and be worthy of respect.”
thing right? How could he let things get this bad? Just yesterday Sam trusted him and cared about him and now just being near the man made him sound like
“Just some of the Tangled Branches is fine, maybe a paler version if you have it,” Kevin was exhausted and not looking forward to drinking one of the rather large, strong beers, but it was better than the alternative.
“You're doing the only thing you could do.” Cas whispered gently to him and Dean moved forward for a kiss, clearly looking for comfort.
“The sun will be setting soon, just give him a little more time.” Sam insisted and watched as Dean paced around the room.
“ Yeah that should do it. The entrance is right over there, over that little bridge. Shouldn't be guarded or anything. If they ask, tell them you went out to gather elfroot for a sick cousin or something.” Benny said as he motioned around to the fresh elfroot growing amongst the grass.
After the tour, they returned to the Inn while Mary went back to her office. Dean and John were in dark leathers, lined with fur, and covered in weaponry. From what he could see, they had bows, knives, and automatic, electric harpoons. Castiel was fastening Dean’s electric harpoon onto his back for him and when he finished Dean turned around, cupped Castiel’s face in his hand and pulled him forward for a soft, long kiss. Jamie looked at them uncomfortably and went red, his eyes glinting with something Kevin couldn’t quite read as Jamie looked between the couple and The Doctor.
“Agreed,” Anna said lifting her finger and Hannah nodded firmly at her side, “Yes, stop trying to rush us, father.”
“Keep quiet, or I’ll slit your throat and feed you to the hoard,” Castiel threatened in a low whisper next to her ear, she nodded as tears filled her eyes. “Let’s go talk.”
“Can I help you?” A firm voice called out. Dean turned around, sure he had been busted by an instructor or something, but when he turned around he was greeted by 3 young mages.
Cas smiled and watched him as he finally fell asleep. Cas listened to the quiet of the village as he held onto Dean and felt the warmth of Sam at his back. He could only slightly hear the waves he was so familiar with behind the sound of wind and bugs chirping in the fields. He could hear the horses out back and the drunks stumbling home. He could still smell the bread from the kitchen below as it tangled with the liquor on Dean's breath.
“Nah, I just cook for my family. That's good enough.” Cas gave a shy smile at that, looking at Dean almost questioningly and Dean pecked a kiss to Cas's forehead, “Yeah, that includes you, you dork.”
“Let the boy speak. Castiel, what were you doing in his room?” Chuck asked as he helped Castiel up, healing his wounds as he did so.
“My husband, Benny,” the way she looked at him, Castiel figured she meant that as some kind of threat, but it was a weak one at best considering they had no idea who this Benny person was.
Sam gave in, took the box, and carefully pulled the ribbon open. Inside was an old leather bound book with an intricately painted map of the world on the cover with small dawnstones embedded along the spine. Sam moved his fingers over the map, tracing from Lake Calenhed to Lothering, up to Highever, to The Free Marches, and over across to Tevinter. “This is beautiful...”
“Everything? This whole mess? The fact that I'm an idiot? Cole. All of it, Cas. I'm just...sorry ok?” Dean looked up at him sincerely and Cas moved over towards him and took the seat beside him.
The templar that had a hold of Cas turned him onto his stomach and held him down after smashing Cas's face against the floor again, but Dick didn't say or do anything and suddenly there was a loud clinking of armor on the floor. The templar looked over towards the sound just in time to see a new templar walk over Dick Roman's unconscious body and come over to smash him in the face with a shield.  Castiel tried to lift himself up from under the collapsed templar with shaking arms, but was quickly pulled up by the new templar who fell to his knees in order to gather Castiel into his arms. At first, Castiel fought against the new figure as well, but when it whispered his name, he spotted the green eyes from inside the helmet and he stopped struggling and moved into the waiting arms, finally allowing himself to catch his breath.
Cas looked ready to flip the entire table, but Dean stayed calm. “My mother died when I was young. She was part of the war, part of the resistance.”
“Yes, yes, life is so hard, now if you are done pouting, move along, I have others to deal with.” Dean backed away and looked at the merchant cart. At this rate he'd have to flirt his way into a bottle of Aqua Magus, or just settle for Legacy White Shear. He went to the cart and asked about prices for both, trying to be suggestive, but his body was not his own right now, not that it mattered, apparently the merchant was out of both. Dean watched Dick and his goons chugging Aqua Magus near the edge of the lake and felt sick with frustration. He wanted nothing more than to run over and drown Dick in the lake, or pop his head off and drink his Aqua Magus from his skull. Dean fidgeted as he turned back to the tower. The pain got so bad that it was all he could do to shove his fingernails into his palms as hard as he could to draw his brain to a different source of pain.
"Dean, there has to be another way, are you sure-" Sam started, but the almost feral look his brother gave him was clear enough.
“Yeah, I’ll find my way. Thanks though. See you tomorrow,” Kevin said with a forced bravado. He wasn’t totally convinced that he knew the way back, but they really hadn’t gone that far off the path and he didn’t want to bother the family at such an important time.
Dean finished his food and took reign of the horses while Benny started eating. They were pretty far from Redcliff now, but that didn't mean home free yet. Eventually, Dean looked up the path and his heart nearly stopped when he saw templars checking a cart ahead of them.
“Yeah, nice, just, less talking and more-” Before he could finish Gabriel unzipped his pants, shoved them to his knees, slipped the condom on and pushed into Sam who was still spread out on the central island, covered in syrup with his legs hanging off the island. Gabriel grabbed Sam's hips and pulled him so his legs came down to the floor and he was just bent over the island rather than on it, smearing the spilled syrup up Sam's chest as he did so. Gabriel wiggled around a bit until Sam was comfortable and then he pounded into him, making the wood cry out along with Sam after each thrust.
Sam, Castiel, Kevin and the others in their class face their Harrowing trials while Dean hunts down a dangerous escapee from the circle.
“Yeah, good point. Maybe he’ll actually go to the hot springs with us today. By the way he smelled, I bet you he didn’t bother getting cleaned up yesterday. Poor ol' Doctor, I don’t know how he managed to stay so damn chipper sleepin' next to that.”
“Oh yeah. She only made it about halfway before the templars caught her, but wow that was a fun night. She was on clean up duty in the dining hall for 5 months after that, but it was legendary. Everyone thought she and Anna were dating forever after that.”
Dean ran his fingers through Cas's thick hair as Cas pushed down to take as much of Dean in as he could, using his hand to cover the base. He hallowed his cheeks and ran the flat of his tongue along Dean's length before moving up and down on it, toying and sucking tightly at the head, before moving down again. “Cas...you're so good. Let me see those eyes baby.” Cas's eyes flashed up to Dean making him moan as he carded his fingers through Cas's hair again.
“Oh…I’m glad your back,” Castiel reached out to take Dean’s hand, but instantly Dean knocked his hand away.
“You need to get out of here, come bowling with me. We can take stupid photo booth pictures and play arcade games.”
“It'll be alright. I can take care of myself. If I feel like I need to, I'll cut my losses and head off for a while till things calm down. The bigger problem that you need to be thinking about is Denerim. They are gonna be expecting a cart now, you'll have a better chance of splitting up and getting lost in the crowd.”
“Oh, aye,” Jamie seemed to take Ben’s words in as words of wisdom. Polly and Ben both seemed to treat Jamie like a little brother. Kevin smiled watching them and his eyes went to where Sam was at the counter. Take it slow. Romance. Kevin could do that. Maybe. I mean sure he hadn’t tried before, but how hard could it be right?
“No, of course not.” Dean helped Benny start moving big barrels and baskets of vegetables, boxes of liquor bottles and casks of wine from, the cart into the supply shed. “I'm gonna see about some supplies in the morning for the trip, but tonight I'm gonna open the tavern like usual.”
“Sorry to interrupt, but your tour is about to start.” Kevin blushed when he recognized the voice calling to him, it was Sam. He looked back at his tablet, “Sorry mom, I gotta go.” Mrs. Tran was grinning knowingly at him now, “Ok baby.”
“From the military base in Grangeville. There were a ton of walkers around, so I figured it hadn’t been looted. I had to saw some bars off the outside of a window, and I couldn’t get to all the rooms, but I got some pretty good stuff.”
Kevin backed up until he felt the wall at his back and pulled out his bottle of acid, waiting for an open shot, but everything was moving so fast he had no idea where to look or throw. Jamie stabbed at the branches as they came down, but he was quickly snagged by roots that wound tightly around him as if trying to crush him where he stood. The Doctor seemed quite good at jumping away from the roots as they came at him, but that didn’t do much more than distract some of the roots and branches away from the others.
Castiel steeled himself and focused in on Benny, “Andrea said you’ve worked with trading partners before. We are interested in that kind of arrangement. We have medicine to help Kevin, and we have had good luck with hunting and fishing, we could help you out with food through the winter. Now that you’ve lost your primary trading partner, you need help, and that need is only going to escalate if we all have to move out of the area because of the herd.”
“Thanks guys.” Samandriel led them out of the library and Sam's head went racing. Maybe it was fate or destiny, maybe he and Kevin were just not meant to be together. Maybe he needed to get over it and just be Kevin's friend.
“So, you wanna tell me what happened today?” Dean asked as Cas moved to get comfortable, settling into Dean's arms.
In the end, Castiel, Dean, The Doctor, Jamie, Kevin, Ben and Benny went to investigate the scene while Sam, John, and Polly stayed at the Inn where the Novak family was invited to prepare for the funeral.
