Stark looks over to Steve. Steve's jaw clenches. Sam feels dread rising in him — here comes the punishments.
“Of course,” and he's staring straight into those ocean eyes, the ones that are wide and hurt and “when do I disappoint, Brock?”
Sarah laughs. “Okay, then. Tony, when they've all eaten, serve it any way you want. Stevie can help you, but don't let him near the ice cream.”
“What the hell, Jarvis,” he asks, tone serious but his lips are twitching. “What the hell was he doing? Give me the answers.”
Tony starts walking, Ty following. “Then we drop him. Just for a little while. Until he proves that he should be able to join the group again.”
Natasha is staring at Tony. Tony avoids looking back, picking up his fudge box and cooling cup of cocoa.
Jarvis is quiet for a long moment. “Steve Rogers... meaning the boy that you've been enamored with for nearly half a decade now?”
Tony clears his throat. “Well, now I've gotta go, so… It was really nice to see you. This is goodbye, so… Bye.”
In the car, Cross and Rumlow are chattering loudly, and Ty's hardly paying attention to the road since he keeps looking at his phone. Tony barely registers any of it happening around him. By the time they arrive at M'Baku’s house, the party is already in full swing.
The man takes one glance at Tony before pulling Steve into the house and slamming the door behind him.
“What do you want me to do, then?” Tony snapped back. “Can’t turn back time. Rogers will always have that wrecked event in his life!”
It's like the last day at Marvel High, again. Tony's vaguely aware that being indifferent to everything around him is an odd sensation when he's literally completely alone in an enormous house with no personal touches to it whatsoever with only two suitcases of his clothing and a lot of bad memories, but, well —
Bruce winces. Peter makes another high-pitched noise. Vision stiffens, uncomfortable, and Rhodey sighs. “Tony, c'mon — ”
Paul nudged him. “Go on, son. If any of them give you slack, tell us. But if Sam does, first just give him this look.”
Tony stays in the entire weekend. It's stupid, really, because every other weekend, he's always partying or drinking or smoking or something else and the weekends seem to drag on longer than anything, but this
Steve Rogers edges around the counter and drops a kiss on Tony's lips. As per usual, upon this action from Steve, Tony thinks:
Steve freezes. Natasha sighs from her position of chopping an apple into slices. Sam winces from his seat where he's devouring a plate of Eggos.
“Stop doing that,” Tony scolds the bot in front of him, whose arm is moving wildly. “This is why you'll remain unnamed and unmade forever, you're uncooperative.”
He winks at her, anyway. She and her friends giggle, and Tony sighs when he turns away from them. Where, of course, his eyes then land on the wall of muscle that is the current school hot topic.
“But it's basically three days,” Steve exhales, looking his actual age of 101, and not the thirty-five year old he basically is.
comic. He slides off his unneeded glasses in awe. The art of the cover is contrasting, the old style in the background and the newer styles present in the character's suit. The armor glints proudly in the middle, not consuming the image, but obviously the main focus of the work. The usually robotic looking suit seems to actually have a man underneath it. It speaks wonders. Tony doesn't even think you'd have to flip through some pages to know if the rest of the art was sufficient or not.
Rumlow grunts. Ever since that video was leaked, Rumlow's had his eyes on Lang, wanting to knock the living daylights out of him, but whenever he's urged to, Lang drapes himself over Rogers. It's hilariously embarrassing for Rumlow, and Tony seriously wants to give Lang a high-five for all he's done to ridicule Brock Rumlow.
Tony's mind scrambles for coherent thoughts. How the hell did Steve get let in — No, screw that, how is Steve friends with T'Challa Udaku? He even got greeted which is like — A fucking
“He kind of did something… Ridiculously brave and socially suicidal,” Tony admits. “And he's just very… frustrating.”
Tony, feeling his throat start to develop a lump, takes a long-lasting look at Steve Rogers, and for the first time in his life allows himself to think it, to admit it, to free the thought —
Tony sighs, the mention making it throb. “My social life is so terrible right now, it's a blessing that I'm gonna be the youngest kid at college next year.”
Mr. Wilson makes a betrayed noise. He looks around the table, but Bucky is intently studying his metal arm, Dr. Banner is picking at the table top, Vision is pointedly staring at his shirt for an unknown reason, and Mr. Rhodes is staring purposefully out the window.
Caden's already talking, though. “Nah, is Wilson the guy Rogers was talking about. His 'admiration'?”
Tony has an image that everyone sees of him, and it's critical to keep that image pristine. He's a constant to everyone, he knows that. He's never wavered in his popularity, or his wealth, or his skills, and it's that which makes him so influential. Both him
Ty, Rumlow, and Cross all blabber on about the party on Friday, and Tony nods along, adding in little anecdotes when it's needed. Because of the block schedule, Tony doesn't have English, so Rogers isn't in any of his classes. Tony sees Thor, Banner, Romanoff,
Tony laughs, loud and spirited. “Steve, when Barnes gave me your number all those months ago, I thought he was pranking me or something. I didn't — I
she wouldn't want that, but he also knows that she knew him well enough to know that he was going to anyways, and, well — Now he's depressed again. Anyway, first it was Peggy. Then it was… Let's just call him — uh
Rogers's cheeks are a bright, vibrant red as he scrambles to clean up Tony's mess and Tony's chest aches just a little bit more.
“Rogers, it would bode well on your academia if you pay attention — I just told Mr. Stark to not interrupt my count, and you did it directly after.” Coulson taps Rogers's shoulder twice, lips twitching. “Don't do that again. Now: Rogers, Romanoff, Romero, Ronatowski — ”
Despite the hipster appearance from the outside, the inside of the bakery is pleasant and not at all tipping into edgy. It's mostly blue and white tones with bold splashes of red, and the art on the walls, despite Tony's lack of any artistic interest, are mesmerising. The content seems to show action and movement but very subtly. It's almost like the panels of a comic book, but so much less showy and so much more meaningful. It's comics meeting impressionist. Which makes no sense as to why Tony suddenly wants to plant his ass at one of the white tables lining the walls. The atmosphere is almost hypnotic and as Tony's gaze flies over everything, he becomes more sure of the fact that he'll be visiting this place much more often.
“It,” Tony corrects, but complies by flipping open one of the waiting StarkTops, fingers flying to start up DUM-E.
Steve's lips twitch. “Same here. When Nat, Sam, and Buck told me that they found a good date for me but I didn't get to know who it was, I planned to kind of…”
Object of Steve Rogers’s Affections Ever Since 2012. Object of Steve Rogers's Affections Ever Since 2012 was kinda like Steve's love for Peggy, just more —
“That's my name, don't wear it out,” he winks at Clint, leaning softly on the counter. “What do you want, picture, autograph? I don't sign skin unless it's considered appropriate for cameras, my CEO made it a rule.”
“Hi, Tony!” A girl calls as soon as he walks in. She's a brunette with vaguely familiar green eyes, but Tony has no idea who she is.
Banner laughs. “Well, at least we don't actually have to do those drills. I was about to Hulk out just to escape it.”
Tony was shaking, and not from the cold. He wiped a hand across his face, through his hair, and it came back wet.
“I don't wanna hear it,” she reprimands. “Steve always digs into the ice cream early, Bucky can't keep his hands off of the fruit, Brucie is an angel but for some reason gnaws through the fudge, Sam cannot be trusted around any white chocolate, Natasha loves her chocolate pudding, and Thor and Scott... Do I even have to explain? I only trust Sharon with it but the poor girl is knee-deep in work and won't be coming until later. So, I trust my handy dandy kitchen assistant, Tony.”
Paul straightens his shoulders, tightens his jaw, flares his nostrils, and arches one eyebrow. It's terrifyingly intimidating.
Barnes doesn't even look offended when Tony sets the cup back down. He just rolls his eyes, saying, “You and Stevie are both idiots. How long've you two even known each other?”
Tony's eyes widen. He straightens, coming off the wall, making the blonde (Hayley? Hilly?) giggle and capture his lips in a kiss. Momentarily distracted, Tony kisses back, but her lips eventually sneak back down, now to his sternum, and Tony's eyes wrench away, falling to T'Challa's retreating back, and to —
“Did I mention I finally met Barnes? He was really something else, so was Clint Barton. I saw Sam again, too, but — ” Tony finally stops rambling when he notices just how broken Steve's expression is. “Oh my god, Steve, what the hell did I say, I'm so sorry, I'm such an asshole, shit, please don't cry — ”
Rogers is either purposefully avoiding Tony and Tony's group (which is understandable, considering, well — everything) or he's on the second level of the house.
Steve smiled proudly when he told Tony: “Ma put that up there. All five feet and three inches of her.”
Tony wets his lips. “I— Do— You…” His jaw clenched in frustration. “It's been awhile,” he finally settles on.
Steve's heart seems to have finally found its position in his chest again. “I — Oh my god, Tony, you — I almost had a heart attack!”
“You should go, Tony,” Sam cuts in softly. “I... We don't want Steve to have to go through the rejection process again, okay? He really liked you.”
At the door, Tony shifts on his feet. Steve arches an eyebrow as he knocks on the door. Tony purses his lips.
Tony barely quells an excited grin, remembering himself, and just laughs. “Don't worry; as long as you weren't watching
Tony flushes, looking back at his butler. “Sorry, J. Uh. Steve, this is my butler, Jarvis. Jarvis, this is Steve Rogers, someone I know from school.”
He throws a glance over his shoulder, his eyes widen enormously, and he shoves his eyes back to his screen. “Uh, Steve? Whatcha doing back there?”
Steve frowns. “I think... If someone's interested, and I'm interested back, I'd probably shave. Just makes me feel better, y'know?”
Rumlow is wheezing as he watches Cross make a show of slowly lowering his shendyt down to cover his ass.
“Can I help you?” the guy asks. He has shoulder length brown hair, a bit of it pulled up to stay away from his face. His shoulders are broad, his eyes stormy blue, and one of his arms is made of metal. He's conventionally attractive, but —
The first person to arrive is Sam Wilson and his dad. Sarah leaves Tony cutting the cookies into little shapes to greet them, halfway through a story of how much Cameron from work is terrible. Tony inhales slowly before following her out.
But that was the thing — that was where he fucked up. Him being himself, totally ruined his own life. Because the Tiberius Stones and the Tony Starks of Timely — they didn't like new, more popular kids. They liked routine, they liked uniform, they liked normal.
After Tony recounted the story where poor Jarvis found Tony stuck to the ceiling at age six due to a series of unfortunate events, Sarah then hurriedly excused him.
Sarah's lips form an 'o', but she smiles reassuringly after. “That's fine, Tony. Stevie and I will be here for — ” Her pocket vibrates. She takes out one of the StarkComms that Tony helped develop. “Nurse Rogers. Yeah. Mmhmm. Okay. I'll be there in a second.”
Steve stands from his place next to Tony, yawning. “You know the rules, people. Phones off and make sure you've peed. No getting up until Santa's squeezed himself down the chimney.”
Tony doesn't eat breakfast, even though he should— they have a game on Wednesday. As soon as the leaves start changing colors, he tries to eat three full meals, and to get a proper sleep schedule. His dad always wanted him to be a football player, and Tony didn't want to do any sports, but he indulges Howard's dream son fantasies every year and joins the soccer team. Tony's parents never show up to any of his games, but Jarvis always does and athletic status never hurts Tony's popularity. Tony can handle soccer — it's now just another thing that he does for his image.
r,” he coos, winking at Tony. Tony shoves out a laugh, before sitting in the chair Ty previously resided in.
That single thought makes Tony stiffen, and he flippantly slides his sunglasses on, then nods and walks away from Rogers, impassively.
Sam curses the notification that falls down from the screen as he's momentarily distracted from his game, his player falling down the side of the cliff. He gives a second of mourning, before swiping the notification bar down, picking up his strawberry milk to take a sip.
There are some reluctant, almost guilty nods. Barnes clears his throat. “Kinda had a whole conversation about it.”
He sighs internally before squaring his shoulders. Stark Arms isn't located in Timely, anyways, so at least it's probably not someone he knows.
But it doesn't matter. It's been… It's been years since that night. And those years were full of fighting and lying and betrayal and Steve definitely lost his chance at anything along the lines of something romantic with Tony — not that he ever
Steve's eyes fling back over to Tony. Tony watches him as his arms flail a bit then they fall back sloppily. Steve screws his face up then inhales slowly, visibly collecting himself.
“It’s great,” Tony says immediately. “It’s amazing. It’s soft, and — and these are delicious.” He swallows. “Thank you. So much.”
“Hope you weren't talking about me,” he teases. Steve turns bright red and Sarah gives a bright laugh, reaching out to lightly punch Tony's shoulder.
Bucky looks away and Nat's wincing as Sam flicks open the envelope. His finger is hovering above the dark pink FLICKLOVE button at the end of the letter, when a notification
“That’s really sweet, Tony, but…” Rogers visibly steels himself. “But I don't think you'd be offering if you were sober. And I don't want to take advantage of you.”
“What's the story behind that one?” Tony asks casually, popping his head out to nod at a large painting of a tall figure. Steve sighs, scratching the back of his head bashfully again.
Happy gives him a look before driving away. Tony should hire better employees, this disrespect is unfathomable.
Tony aches to keep the look on the other boy's face. “Aw, come on. I highly doubt that the only thing your fists can do is punch people out.”
It conjures nervous laughter from a lot of people around them, those shameless in their eavesdropping, and Romanoff's eyes flash. But she's suddenly moved back, and Rogers leans in, dangerously.
Natasha's smiling. “You both did very well on your little theatrics. I couldn't even tell you were lying.”
Tony grins. “Well, it's true. I'm moving to California before the New Year even really starts. Going to college soon after that.”
“Thank you,” a disoriented man hurriedly says to a small, skinny woman as she closed the door behind her. “Thank you so much, Nurse Rogers.”
“Well, even if he didn't, I'm a public figure to a billion dollar company — if he wanted to get in contact, he already would've,” Tony dismisses, and Rhodey's opening his mouth to argue that, but Tony just puts a hand up. “Please, Rhodey, can we just — not? Right now?”
Nat and Sam ask several more mandatory questions that they definitely knew themselves about him, before they get onto ones that they have to check with Steve.
It's two more hours until English Literature and Comprehension, which is the single class that Tony has with Steve Rogers, considering their different career plans.
“How long has this been going on?” Steve murmurs. He's gripping the spoon in his hand really tight. Tony shrugs.
Tony's looked into every stall, underneath the sinks, above the ceiling lamps, and in the trash can, when Rhodey finally groans.
Bucky shifts, visibly putting himself further behind Vision. Vision sends the man an unimpressed look.
He parks at the Rogers’ house, and nudges Steve awake. Bright blue eyes peek open slowly. Tony smiles, and that curious pink floods the other’s cheeks.
The drive to school goes stupidly fast, and when Tony reaches the parking lot, Tony wants to turn and drive back home.
“Well, Tony, now you do,” she says, and she kisses him on the cheek before walking out of the kitchen.
Steve purses his lips, and Tony notes with embarrassment that his blue eyes are shining with amusement. “Uh. You already asked that.”
there's a lot of tension building up when howard hits tony. it's a single punch, but it sends tony down a spiral of depression.
Peter grimaces. “I agree that Mr. Stark has always been... Caught up, with Captain Rogers ever since I met him, so I think it's about time we do something about it. That being said — last night I was notified with a list of four people who FlickLove has decidedly paired with Mr. Stark. Compatibility is apparently rated from least at first to the greatest in the end. When I finish reading them out, I thought we could vote on who sounds the best for Mr. Stark. Yeah?”
They're in Steve's car after Tony dropped his car off at his house and ran in to change very quickly — upon realizing he only had a handful of outfits in a duffel bag, he had had a two-second panic attack before throwing something on that had red on it (because hey, that's kind of festive, isn't it?) then ran outside after throwing on his jacket and grabbing his M&M's.
“Ma doesn't trust us with the gifts in the house, so she keeps them at the neighbor's,” Steve explains.
Tony shrieks, jumping back in surprise, drops all of his M&M's, the eight or so packets flying across the ground.
Standing there is a blonde, six-foot-something block of muscle, with tantalizing pink lips and long eyelashes that make Tony a bit woozy. Around a tiny, narrow waist, a light blue apron is tied tight, and a white shirt stretches across shoulders twice the size of the guy's waist. There's a floppy tuff of blonde hair obscuring the man's eyes a bit, and he flicks it out of the way, blue eyes bright.
Tony shakes his head — makes a decision. “Tell the others that I can get my own ride home tonight. Goodnight, kid.”
Tony sighs. “I… I get that. I really do. But I'm not sure I'm even ready for this. I — ” He inhales. “I don't know if I
Rogers will be one of the first ones to get to his locker because his classroom is just diagonal to the 500 Hall. The blast area won't hurt many more people than him.
“I don't know, but FRIDAY said he told her that he was fine last night, and that he'd be here for the move-in,” Natasha explains. She flicks an eyebrow up, briefly. “Counting in the fact that all of Sam's, Bucky's, and my belongings were here before we even arrived and that Steve didn't show up last night…”
“In a second — I just sent a good one,” he tells them. Dr. Banner and Vision lean in their seats to look over Mr. Rhodes's shoulder. Peter groans.
Coulson has no suspects of who played the prank because he has no proof but by Tuesday morning, everyone's talking about how Coulson is calling it a hate act.
Steve Rogers tilts his head back, not taking his twinkling eyes off of Tony. “You hear that, Sam?” he calls back.
Steve kind of beams at him as he nods enthusiastically, which makes Tony's heart kind of thud like thunder in his chest, and it's all kind of overwhelming.
But Romanoff brushes him off. “Don't worry, boys,” she tells them, smiling. “We won't touch you. Unless you
Eventually, he stretches his fingers and sighs, catching Steve’s attention from where he was poking a holographic globe. Tony smiles, lazily, and Steve straightens, eyes focused entirely on Tony. “What is it?”
The topic doesn't die out. Much later, Tony spits out that his mom's gonna be home, even though she isn't, never is, and the other guys wave him away. They tell him to make sure that he doesn't come in contact with Steve — the disease is contagious. Tony laughs.
“Are you talking about that prank on Rogers?” Rumlow asks, innocently. “We don't know who had done it, but they left no trace. It's really too bad. Poor little queer — ”
“As in Bucky Barnes,” Bucky confirms. His voice has a heavy Brooklyn accent, the one that Tony only hears in Steve when he's yelling to Sam for a while. “I've heard a lotta 'bout you. Heard you fixed my coffee machine.”
“Did you — ” He cut himself off quickly. Shakes his head. He can't do this — not to Steve nor himself.
for the living requirements for an ex-soldier who went through as much stuff as Barnes, so I think I might — ”
“First, dinner,” she insists. “Some pizzas are coming in. And save at least five slices for me and Paul,
It's a while before Tony feels prompted to speak again, but in the time that elapses, he realizes that Steve Rogers's group of friends are probably one of the most nonchalantly self-deprecating group of teens on Earth.
When they're outside of the cafeteria, Rhodey looks like he already knows what this is about. Tony pulls him further down the hallway, down to the bathrooms. Rhodey's sighing.
Tony gives him a short smack on the ass. Barnes yells. “Go make me coffee, hot stuff, and maybe you'll get my number.”
It's well into the movie, John Candy is threatening the asshole boyfriend with a drill or something, when Lang starts staring at him, unsubtly and curiously.
But Steve shaves every morning and Tony hums when he thinks no one's listening. Steve laughs a lot more with Tony looking well-rested and happier than ever.
Rumlow stiffens. “Good job, Cross, you dumb fuck.” he mutters, because, for all his talk about 'bitches’, even Rumlow knows you don't fuck with
Unwrapping it gently, Steve lets the two cards slide out of their pouch. Tony twitches. “Turns out that gas station was still open. I got that gift card when you were asleep. The other is an ID card for the unit we went to, last night. It’ll be cleared out by New Year’s, and I was thinking that you could fill the place up as an art studio. I mean, the unit’s my property, so it’d just go to waste otherwise —
Tony rolls his eyes. “You need to stop worrying about me and my love life and start worrying about your BioChem grade.”
It’s just this: Tony Stark loves puzzles, and he loves problems, but what he loves the most are challenges. You solve puzzles and problems, but you have to
Peter winces, before visibly braving himself as he straightens and his expression turns determined. “Mr. Stark, sir,
“Nothing really. Went to a pool party last week, got to talk to some of the engineers here,” Tony says offhandedly.
Peter shows a picture of the woman, and the three men chew over the information, before motioning on for the next match.
He has two bags of original M&M's before — “Fuck it.” — ditching his self-control and grabbing bags of all different kinds.
“Tony,” Steve says, “you don’t have to… You don’t have to give us gifts because of anything that happened in the past. I can tell you right now that all of us understand, now. Except maybe Bucky, but he just likes to be contrary.” He scrubs a hand over his face. “We don’t need impressive presents to…”
“This had to have been from Steve,” Sam’s declaring, as he carefully cradles a notebook with a beautiful painting of wings on the cover. Steve grins, and Sam smiles back. “Thanks, Steve.”
“It’s Tuesday. Right? It's Tuesday, right, Bucky?” Steve’s firing off as soon as he walks into the kitchen.
Steve and his mother are furtively talking when they come into view. They immediately shut up upon seeing Tony, both throwing nearly identical smiles on their faces. Tony huffs, but he grins a little.
Sam sighs, shaking his head. “Anyway, Ella enrolled in NROTC and went through the program while she got her master's degree in mechanical engineering in four years flat. Once she got out, she immediately was a ground Marine where she worked her way up to Captain before she was honorably discharged because of injury. She's got a heart problem.” Sam pauses.
Behind Stark, Steve's arrived to deliver this very Captain America-ish line. He has the disappointed eyebrow furrow. Sam feels ashamed.
“That’s a relief,” Tony remarks, walking away from the four to one of the many tables lining the 'shop — a day-old cup of coffee waits for him. He winces at the taste before taking another sip. “Because
Steve kind of looks like he's floating. He pinches himself, not-so-subtly, and Tony feels a smile slide onto his lips. Steve mirrors it.
Which must be what makes Tony blurt. “But we can walk. Before. Before I call a car down? If — If you want to?”
Tony can't help but smile back. Steve turns that same pink again, then hurriedly turns around and snuggles under the blankets.
“What do you want, Tony?” Rhodey complains as soon as he arrives. “I've got that meeting with the recruitments in like fifteen minutes.”
Vision walks over, and he's smiling, as well. There's a lot of smiles everywhere. “Tony, I think this means — ”
They had done it right off school grounds, just a block away from the building, where everyone who gossiped enough to spread it in five minutes would be stationed after school. And that was the unspoken new status of Steve Rogers. Was supposed to be, anyways. Until Steve Rogers wiped his eyes away with Sharon Carter's proffered scarf, then promptly punched Brock Rumlow right in the nose.
“ — we may or may not have created an account for you on a dating app then accepted one of your recommended partners and planned for you to have a date tomorrow evening,” Peter blurts, his words coming out in bunches, but Tony gets the message.
It’s a splash of cold water, and Tony swiftly turns on his side, facing away from Steve, and hears Steve do the same.
“I’ve been… Very, very stupid for these first sixteen years of my life. Basically. And. Well, now's a great time to stop that? So, Steve. I'm so sorry. Words will never be enough, I know that, but.” Tony lets out a frustrated noise. “I — Okay, look, you're really… Amazing. That — That sounds weird, I know, god, but. You are. Amazing, that is. You're very uh, inspirational? Admirable? And right now you're very red, too. I was thinking that you should get that checked, by the way. Anyway, I don't want to leave Timely with you thinking that — that I thought you were some disgusting person or whatever, because I really don't, I think you're
“I don’t need anything,” Steve insists. He looks around the unit, eyes roaming. “This… Seeing all of this is enough. More than.”
Every student after Romanoff winces as Coulson's hand comes in contact with their shoulders. Rumlow jumps up, twisting his body away, but Coulson taps his leg still and tells him evenly that his detention will be after school today.
“Your compliments are still not gonna cut it,” Sam says from where he's appeared from the doorway. He frowns. “Or flirting. Stop flirting.”
“Obie worked some stuff out with his superiors.” Howard's explaining. “You remember your Uncle Obie? Well, I worked on that missile — the HOLDEN — for the Army a couple of years ago, and apparently that was enough to catch some attention. When your mom went to DC last year, she got brunch with some powerful people. Obie's been working as a weapons liaison for StarkWare for the Army for some time, and through some discussions, the HOLDEN was impressive enough to pull through. I got a twenty-year contract that I've got to respect with the Army which is gonna lead us to
“Soccer practice is already in runs, so I unfortunately cannot indulge like you. Maybe I'll try half,” Tony jokes. Steve snorts between a laugh in a way that makes Tony's heart hurt. “But either way I'd probably gain like. Fifteen pounds.”
“I'm not crying,” insists Steve, while his voice cracks. Tony is in front of him in an instant, hands hovering above his arms, aching to touch but careful of Steve's boundaries.
Steve sighs, a little smile on his lips. “Just wait here a second, I'll be right back out and we can drive wherever you need to go.”
Sighing, he slides his glasses on and smiles at the few cameras loitering around the front of the gallery building. As soon as he sets foot in the building, he's being led somewhere else.
“My dad's supposed to take me home instead of Jarvis,” Tony explains. “Jarvis is our butler,” he adds briefly.
Okay, deep breaths. Tony Stark, playboy extraordinaire, can totally get over a little love-at-first-sight trip. No big deal.
Rhodey sighs. “Do what's best for you, Tones. But first, talk to me, man. Or I'll make Pepper Potts force you to.”
show up late, we need to keep our promise to — We need to show that we’re honorable people, who show up on time, and don't get cold feet about vital decisions for the team and the continuation of peace on — ”
He's taking his phone out to try and call an Uber or something when he hears the door quietly open, and:
A warm hand envelops his own, and squeezes. Tony looks up. Steve smiles, uncertain, though his grip is so reassuring.
He brushes his teeth three times after. Then he cleans up the mess of broken bottles he made on the ground.
“Tea, two sugars, some milk for the lady, and straight black coffee for the sir,” he comments, setting the cups down in front of them. Pepper smiles wide.
Vision purses his purple lips. “Well, please do make sure to tell us when there's any progress, Mr. Parker.”
Steve groans, and Tony laughs, suddenly so content, so free, and Steve’s head shoots up to just look at him, which he does until Tony’s laughter patters off.
Sometimes — usually the nights following the pranks — Tony stares at the ceiling in his room, longer than usual, and wonders what Steve Rogers thinks of him. If he knows that it's Tony who publicly humiliates him — that Tony's the one who doesn't have the balls to face him while doing so. Mostly, he just wonders if Steve Rogers thinks about him at all.
Steve looked uncertain for a moment, but apparently caught on that Tony was teasing, because he rolls his eyes. “C'mon. I only hit your knees.”
Forty minutes late to a meeting that Pepper had practically written in red permanent marker across his forehead to not miss wasn't gonna make being half an hour late any worse, so he might as well wake himself up more for the lecture and guilt trip he's gonna get.
) is shocked, whether they’re laughing or not. Tony doesn't laugh. He's supposed to but he can't muster one up this time.
Rogers stares mutely at him. His lips are twitching, though. His lips are very pink. And plump. That's weird. Tony should stop thinking like that. He doesn't really want to.
He doesn't realize how zoned out he is until he sees Rumlow glaring at something over Cross's head. Tony blinks, then focuses on where Rumlow's looking.
Amidst the fact that Steve Rogers was gay, he didn't really speculate over the part of Rogers's post that said he'd had an 'admiration' for some mystery person.
An evil grin stretches across Tony’s mouth. “I will.” Kissing Steve once more, softly and sweetly, he hurries back to the door, and Steve lets out a stressed noise before rushing behind him.
“ — and it was so embarrassing because I couldn't even bear watching Sam making the pink conchas, like what the — ”
“Well, funny you mention that,” Tony laughs, nervously. “I uh, I. Yeah? I mean, yes, I am leaving Timely. I mean. Moving. From Timely.”
Right before the end of every Monday, Coulson is stationed in the front of the school. One of the three halls that lead to the front of the school is the 500 hall, which is only lockers for the upperclassmen. It doesn't have working cameras. Steve's locker is in the 500 Hall. At the end of the day, every junior and half the seniors will pass through to get to the front of the school or the exits to the bus lines, most stopping to collect things from their lockers.
Tony shrugs, and takes the opportunity to stare at the back of Rogers's head. “I — Well, yeah, I mean, look at them. I'm surprised Rogers isn't bent over right now.”
Inexplicably, another flush spreads over Steve's face. “Uh… Maybe next time. A lot of them are just.. uninteresting so…”
Ty grins. “This is gonna top off any years before, Tones. I almost feel sorry for Rogers. Good job, too, Hammer.”
suck it, Barnes) and Tony only barely restrains himself against finding a way to hack into Instagram to get a look at the guy's 36 posts without having to request a follow and look like a stalker.
“Yeah, that's exactly what people would wonder. We fucking started the disease! So we cannot touch them,” Ty emphasizes. “Right, Brock?”
When the quietness floods in again, Tony’s thoughts go absent, falling into the hum of driving. It's not until Steve nudges him that he realizes it.
Tony has never wanted to remember something as much as he wants to remember that mesmerizing look on Steve's face at that moment.
“Hey, Rogers!” Caden shouts, and Rogers's eyes fly over to him (instead of on Tony where they should be—), along with nearly everyone else in the class. “I'm guessing your Friday was good? How'd this feel?”
“Like we don't know why you're ‘gay’ all of a sudden,” Hammer sneers. “It’s because you couldn't fit any girl's standards. Honestly, you shouldn't even have any standards because then you'll get no one. Not even another ass-fucker.”
“This is all my fault,” Steve whispers. “Tony, I'm so, so sorry that you had to go through that just because of — ”
Seconds later, hands grip the back of their chairs, centimeters away from their heads. Ty, previously careless of Hammer's predicament, abruptly looks over to Tony, opening his mouth. Natasha Romanoff's face appears between their heads, her red hair pulled back in a fiery bun.
Wilson shakes his head. “Just stay away.” Then he looks back at Tony. “Especially you and your soccer boys, Stark.”
“And when I posted that — that stupid post,” he breathed out, “when I told everyone the one thing that I thought you might hate me for, and you still kept smiling at me, I was so relieved. I thought you knew that I was talking about you in my caption, and I felt so stupid, but so happy that you didn’t mind, when everyone else was… And then the prank happened, and — ” Steve finally met his gaze, eyes glistening. “I hated you.”
Tony's lips part. Rogers is staring at him — trying to get a gauge on what Tony's going to say next. Waiting to be disappointed or surprised.
Bucky glances at Natasha, who's frowning. She sighs. “You kind of have a point. A really bad one, though, Wilson.”
They walk and chatter aimlessly, and it's stupid, because with all of their past behind them they shouldn't be able to even look each other in the eye, but —
Tony's smirk wavers, and he can't seem to look away. Not that Rogers is. Enormous blue eyes are staring straight at Tony, and Tony watches, bemused and enamored, as they widen further. Tony straightens just a bit in his seat, and he can't seem to be able to look away, and now Rogers's cheeks are slowly turning pink, and
Tony let's out an outward laugh. Jarvis makes a noise from his seat, always so displeased at Tony's use of his phone during meals, but he has a curious look in his eyes.
Someone half-naked roughly pushes past him, and Tony's shoved into the wall. Staying there, he leans his head against the surface, eyes falling shut. He's okay. He's okay. He's —
's, then nudges Peter, who smushes Mr. Rhodes closer to the window, allowing her to fit. Mr. Rhodes doesn't react, just continues trying to spy on Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers.
Rogers lets out a surprised laugh, one that's almost melodic. “Oh, really? Well, Tony Danger Stark, you wanna text that butler of yours to come pick you up?”
The first one is Bruce Banner. It's first period where they sit next to each other and Tony smiles briefly at him like he usually does, always mindful that they're on different levels in the high school hierarchy. Banner usually sends him the same small smile back. He doesn't.
“Then mine’s called a StarkWatch, right?” Sam cheers loudly. He’s already gotten the watch next to his phone, syncing up. “God, Stark, I could kiss you!”
Not five minutes later, she's pulling him to the side of the room, her hands edging to his pants. Tony's near drunk.
Tony trails after the tiny woman as she tells him about her favorite chocolate to use, and wonders just how his life has led to this moment.
The four expressions turn guilty and regretful, and Rhodey rushes to speak. “Tony, you know none of us would want that. And… And if you want us to, we can of course cancel the date. But I know you, Tones, and I know how you get when you're all alone like this. And you'll
Tony groans but follows anyways. His date with Rhodey isn't until five, so he can waste a little time.
Tony’s stomach twisted itself over and over until he was finally able to choke out, “I’m sorry about that.”
Tony's eyes snap away from Steve's to the rest of the room. They're all staring at them, eyebrows arched. Tony clears his own throat.
“Tony, stop that, I'm not helping you or any of your friends play a prank on that poor New Yorker kid, especially after Sharon told me everything's he's been through this year — ”
Rogers’s eyes fly to him, almost like he forgot that he was there. Tony feels his lips (stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid—) start to turn up at the corners at the sight of the blush. He manipulates his lips into an arrogant grin. It seems to enhance Rogers's blush.
Natasha's got her own type of excited smile on her face, but she's eyeing the StarkPad. “Why aren't we doing this with
“Okay, so we got thirty-three year old, Ella Andrews,” Sam says. He scrunches up his nose. “That’s younger than Steve. Steve likes older people, right?”
Ty leans over. “We need to get started on that prank,” he whispers, very lowly. “Soon Rogers will have half the fucking school convinced that he's normal.”
“It's bitter to the tongue,” Steve says, nose scrunched up as he lets his tongue slip over his lips.
Their admittedly terrible basketball team was severely lacking in good players, and Sam was the star, so no one exactly called him
Tony thanks her and slides on a pair of glasses that he totally did not buy just to look sophisticated for these kinds of things, no, sir, he just needs the help.
remember a 4-letter code) he swipes his ID over the scanner and gives the storage pull-up door a tug.
“You suck,” Steve pouts. Banner nods him over, and Tony squishes into the arm of the couch. He smiles at Steve, helplessly. He hopes it's not too dorky.
Steve visibly deflates and Sam throws his hands up in the air before disappearing behind the backroom again.
Steve frowns then. “I… You might be wondering why they're all gonna be here on Christmas, and, really, there's an explanation for that. Multiple. Scott doesn't come from the best family, and neither does Nat. Buck's parents aren't always… there, and Thor's and Loki's parents are usually in other states, Sharon lives in a foster home, Sam's dad usually spends it with us since his mom is deployed in — ”
“Hate act,” Steve shoots before diving in for another kiss. Tony laughs which makes Steve pull away.
The second one is Sam Wilson. It's Wednesday and the block schedule tells Tony that he has English, which has both Wilson and Rogers in it. The football goons are all bunched together on one side of the room, horizontal to Rogers and as soon as Tony sits down, he feels eyes burning into the side of his face.
Peter momentarily freaks out as a pop-up appears, and winces when he reads: Are you sure you want to send a FlickLove to this person? You can't take this action back!
Mr. Stark frowns, attention skewed as he zones in on Peter. “Something wrong, kid? We can push the date back if you're not ready, I mean — There are some things that can be done to the compound before they come which, now that I'm thinking about it, are probably
They collapse into a kiss again, Steve pressing Tony into the door, and Steve’s right, it’s perfection, too perfect for a dream, it’s real, oh
Tony nods, again, walking over, and, in the blink of an eye, Steve flings himself across the room. “Mom and I will give you some privacy,” he says before herding his mother out. They're both short and skinny but, next to his mother, Steve finally seems to be a normal height.
DUM-E eggs Steve into another game of fetch, and Tony finishes up his work as quickly as possible — which still must’ve been over an hour and a half. Not that Steve showed that at all. He remained intrigued and curious about every single little thing in the unit, going over each failure and success with DUM-E and the occasional question to Tony. The scene, whenever he turned to see it, made Tony’s heart squeeze.
Steve’s hugging him tightly. Tony, hesitantly, lets his arms wrap around him, before tucking his face into his shoulder. Steve’s arms encompass him neatly, his scent clean and Steve, and his hair tickles Tony’s forehead, and it’s —
That night, he and Jarvis fight tooth and nail on when Jarvis will leave to spend Christmas with Ana. Jarvis keeps making the argument that Ana would be fine with spending Christmas in the house with him and Tony. Tony keeps yelling a variety of things that Jarvis barely reigns in the eye roll that he wants to slip out at most of them. Somehow, Tony wins. Probably at the point where he's just asking to be alone.
“I could ask you the same,” Barnes retorts as he walks toward the coffee machine. Simultaneously, a blonde head pops out from the backroom. Tony feels his lips stretch into a wider smile.
And then a ridiculously intriguing thing happens. The skin next to Steve's blue eyes becomes really soft, and his eyebrows turn down a little, and his whole posture melts, and the corner of his lips tilt up, up,
Tony has a mini panic attack while he's quietly sitting next to Steve. It only lasts a second though. He's pretty happy while it happens, too.
“Wait, this is serious?” he questions, and Tony's jaw clenches, pulling him steadily to the hallway.
“Can we just — ” He motions loosely. “I’ve never really got the Christmas thing, my family are atheists, so please — ”
Tony can't seem to paste a convincing smirk on his face, so he just nods in response. “Rogers. I… This is my table.”
After that, Tony gets an innumerable amount of glares from Rogers's friends. The worst are from Carter — she's friends with Rhodey and had always been lenient with Tony's antics, even when he hung out with assholes.
“Risiletto, Ritten, Rockwell — Do not disturb my counting, Mr. Stark, and face forward until the assembly begins — Rockwell, Rogers — ”
Tony idly wanders around the room, picking up slight conversation here and there, grinning charmingly at men and women and commenting to them about certain panels and covers. It's definitely not how Tony would've planned to spend a Saturday night, but he supposes it's better than being at one of the stuffy galleries where there's seemingly endless amounts of the same art over and over again.
Steve happily went to the crate, chattering to DUM-E as if the bot was Barnes, and then threw the ball lightly to the corner with the least fragile items. DUM-E whirs and makes vaguely happy-sounding noises before bounding after the ball and rushing back to Steve. Steve claps, and throws it again like the game could never get old.
Lang laughs, sounding surprised and amused. “That is literally the most relatable thing I've ever heard.”
Sam scrunches his nose up. “Ew! No, last night when I was playing Cliff Help, I got a — ” he waves his StarkPad around, “ —
There's apparently no assigned sleeping order, but, either way, Tony knows his presence is a very new aspect to the holiday, and he has a sinking feeling that he'll be disturbing at least one pairing of usual sleep buddies. So he prompts sleeping on the couch.
“I’m at Steve Rogers’s house. I'm sitting alone in his bathroom. I have no idea what I'm doing,” Tony murmured to himself. He stared at himself in the mirror. “Just that I want to keep doing it.”
One side of Tony's lips tilt in a helpless smile. Steve bites his lip to hide his own grin, despite his earlier contempt at being accused of ice cream robbery.
Steve can't help but grin back. “Now, we've gotta start tying things up here since we're moving back to the compound. This place was nice for after the war, but we... We belong in the compound. Right?”
, Tony doesn't say. He shrugs. “Do what you need. Tell Hammer to tell his girlfriend that I said hi.”
“I'm sure they aren't,” Tony argues, but hands the sketchbook back anyways, “and also, I was totally right. You could definitely make a living off of drawings like that.”
The Grinch is sitting in his house-cave thingy doing nothing and generally being alone while alluding to the thought of having no friends while he reads out his schedule of being alone when Tony laughs softly.
“Anyway,” Rogers finally says. He's still biting his bottom lip (pink, plump, weird) to hide his smile. “Are you okay? You shouldn't be out here this late, walking. Do you have a ride?”
“I— Well,” Rogers clears his throat, “good? Yeah, it's going good. I'm — We're visiting Brooklyn next month, so. Good.”
Tony carefully takes the sketchbook from Steve's hands, treating it as something invaluable because he really does think it is (The following year, Tony will have Brock Rumlow hang half of Steve's drawings in the cafeteria and then invite everyone to fling food at them).
They stay staring at each other for half a moment before Steve hurriedly snaps his gaze away and excuses himself before disappearing from view. Some of the proctors call after him.
Tony exhales. “I'm gonna be completely honest with you, Steve, okay? I have personally went on eBay and Amazon to find this vintage coffee machine and I have bought it despite its technological setbacks. I have attempted to make as good of a cup as you can over forty times now and I still haven't made a successful one. Steve, I may be the genius, but you're a mastermind. Not fixing this piece of caffeine history is not only a crime, it's a stupid move on my part. Your coffee is a godsend.”
to you once a year continuously for the past three or four years, but I never… I always thought you were amazing, Steve. Honest.”
“Mr. Stark, you really don't have to do this,” he insists warily. “You've always been extremely kind and generous, but fixing our coffee machine with no charge is too much, and you're a — a
And then when the school year started, Steve's name was spreading like a wildfire across every hallway, from seniors to freshmen, and Tony didn't listen to a single rumor until his eyes finally landed on Steve.
“I’m fine, snickerdoodle, you know my sleeping habits.” He sends Rhodey a reassuring smile. “Anyway,
They both could've died, and they'd have never known what this night feels like. Never know that the other wanted it.
Tony scratches the back of his head. “Yeah, but he was headed to do some errands or something? So it'll take awhile.”
Sam Wilson is shoving through the crowds harshly, Natasha Romanoff and Scott Lang by his side. Wilson looks infuriated, in a stormy kind of way that immediately makes people move out of his way. Romanoff is as closed off as she usually is but there's an undercurrent of expression on her face. She's angry. Lang's just pale.
It's the first day of Thanksgiving break when Tony comes home and Jarvis is waiting for him at the door.
“Shit,” he says, and he scratches the back of his head. “The answer's no on the first one, but the rest are all yes.”
DUM-E’s arm, abruptly, perks up. Steve makes a surprised noise, and, in response, DUM-E chirps back, scooting back into the wall — Tony scrunches up his nose. “DUM-E. Stop being a dummy. This is Steve.”
“Tony,” Steve says sternly. “Anyone — including me! — would be... Marrying you would be the best thing that could ever happen to them.”
” Tony snorts, and Rogers arches a brow at the nickname. “You're like... Enormous! I swear, you used to hit my shoulders.”
Tony fails to hide a small smile at that one. Getting complimented by Sharon Carter has that effect.
“Brucie and the kid, I'm not surprised,” Tony starts. “But Rhodey and Vision, I'm very disappointed in. What did you guys break?”
“And yesterday,” he whispered, “I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t… At my mom’s office, all of those times we met in the library, Halloween — it was all just teasing me, keeping me going, because yesterday and last night, I got the full Tony Stark experience.” Steve smiles, beautifully and stunning. “And I woke up today, and I stopped denying it. After all this time.”
, Anthony. Now, I know you haven't contributed in the past because you don't like rednecks going trigger-happy with your designs, but this is
“Because this person has a famous status,” Vision backs up. “And you of all people know how that can influence a first meeting.”
Tony had imagined many different situations in which Steve Rogers said he hated him throughout the years — not once did he think it would be said in a teasing manner with a soft glimmer to his eyes.
He finds himself smiling softly at the cover and, as he makes his way over to it, his eyes raise to see the artist only to meet blue eyes that are already staring into his own.
Steve turns a startling shade of crimson red, from the roots of his hair all the way to where his neck meets the collar of his shirt. Tony watches him curiously.
Tony, smiling wide, ducks back into the coffee machine, humming and laughing at all the appropriate places and feeling warmth settle in his chest as Steve continues to blabber on.
“Three,” Sam says excitedly. “Google says that sometimes people get zero, so I think he's doing good!”
When Tony finishes with a whew and a swipe against his forehead, Rogers smiles and motions back to the house. “You wanna wait in there?”
Tony, momentarily enamoured, shifts, mouth nearly opening, but, fortunately yet unfortunately, Hammer finally decides to open his mouth, considering that he's, first and foremost, Ty's bitch.
Tony stares at the caption. Looking at the picture again, and seeing Rogers from a year ago, all tiny and floppy hair that seemed too big for the rest of him, with a broad-shouldered, brown-haired, ridiculously attractive guy whose room in the background is decorated with sports trophies, and who's grinning like he just
Tony doesn't really say much, but he says enough. It's just. Steve chose to stay sitting next to him through the rest of the
Mr. Rhodes rolls his eyes, and Vision sighs. “The first reason as to why this is critical for Tony,” Dr. Banner mutters.
The group said it was a welcome-to-Marvel-Middle prank. He'd already been there for a third of the school year.
Pepper sighs, tucking strands of long, blonde hair behind her ears. “Well, Mr. Stark, we haven't spoken in a while. And — as news travels fast… Maybe we should've been.”
Ty, pushed further into Cross to distance himself from Rogers and Carter, tsks. Tony almost winces — Ty was never one to lend a hand to a situation.
“Exactly. I put his number on the bottom of that cup. Don't disappoint, Stark,” Bucky warns. Tony gapes at him.
Jarvis stays there still, however, opening his mouth momentarily, before shaking his head and walking away.
Peter's mouth works, the gears of his brain almost visibly turning as he searches for a response, but Stark just shakes his head, which makes the kid slump in his seat.
Tony nods (much more floppier than he intends to, but it's whatever), smiling indulgently. Rogers flushes.
Howard does smile, then. “Then you'll be cut off from the fund. Think your privileged ass will make it even a week out in the real world? You can't do anything without someone holding your hand, Anthony, you can't even
After hanging up, Tony inhales. This is Steve Rogers. This is Steve Rogers' mother. Now, more than ever — he wants to seem likeable.
“And whenever I imagined this,” Tony added, looking up, “I always imagined I’d be the one leaning down.”
He's met with agreeing laughter. That's when Steve pulls away from Tony, expression one of confusion.
So when Steve opens his mouth to angst, Tony holds his hand up. “Now before you say anything — I meant that when Peter, Rhodey, Bruce, and Viz said that I was going to be on a blind date with a well-known guy, I wasn't enthused so I had planned to let the guy down easily after a few minutes of awkwardness.”
“I learned when I was five,” Tony reports, then shrugs. “Jar— Butler thought it'd be a convenient skill to have.”
It's stupid, how affected he is by Steve Rogers's post. Of the flag, of the eyeliner, and of his smile. Tony's been through the motions of this — when Tiffany Lakeer from fourth grade came back to school in braces, he broke up with her. When the year-older Pepper Potts started debating political opinions that dominate the state, Tony stopped talking to her. When sweet, smart eighth grader Ned Leeds who's kinda a nerd was seen talking to Tony about robotics, and Rumlow demanded a reason why, Tony started avoiding him.
Carter and Rogers glance at each other, then Rogers has a ghost of a smile on his face. “Well, Stone, don't be so full of yourself. You're not fitting them either.”
Tony squints at him. “Not necessarily reassuring, but I'll take your word for it. Second question: How far away do you live?”
As Steve hands over the small, brown bag carrying a pink-frosted concha, Tony shrugs, shamelessly. “I like what I like.”
When Sarah and Paul finally arrive, the dessert is nearing the bottoms of the containers, and there are exactly five slices of pizza (and half of a crust) left in the boxes. It's around six-thirty, and the Grinch movie just finished, because they all agreed on not letting Natasha rewind it back to where they stopped listening. Sam's next and he chooses
He gives one last cursory glance around the room, remembering everyone he has to get a present for, and what they'd most likely want.
Except over the summer from sophomore year to junior year, Rogers had disappeared from the face of the earth, according to Ty, who always talked to Sunset Bain, who's 'close friends' with Loki Odinson, whose brother is Thor Odinson, who's a football player who doesn't hang out with football players and instead hangs out with people like Steve Rogers.
Steve's smiling lightly at the screen, leaning against Wilson like the other guy is a part of the couch. Tony feels his chest tighten.
Steve smiles a bit at that. “I’m actually supposed to be in New York right now? Yeah, but I was uh, feeling a bit under the weather and really couldn't find it in me to even board the plane. But my friend, Bucky, came over here from New York — a complete surprise — so I had to get away and buy a quick present for him.” He motions to the messenger bag that holds something in a box-shape.
Barnes, according to his full name in his account — 'Bucky’ must be a nickname. He has a private account, but still has a little less than one thousand followers (Tony has over
“Mr. Kringle,” Thor says through a mouthful of pop-tarts. He has a Pop-Tart shirt on that he didn’t have before, and Tony momentarily mourns missing
He drinks the last of his liquor collection that night. It makes his childhood bedroom finally empty of all the things that are of use to him.
“I'm weak for them, Stevie,” he says, slipping off his sunglasses. The barista smiles wider at that. “Your baker knows how to bake 'em.”
Sarah nods. “Okay, everyone heard the rules. I've got some gift-wrapping things to do and last-minute stuff, so I'm going over to Mrs. Meyer's.”
“Tony,” Steve says, before clearing his throat. “Tony. Do you remember the Halloween party? M’Baku Jabari’s?”
It's enough of a statement that Tony can't quell down his stupid grin or the relief that floods his body and warms his cheeks.
The nurse says: 'ah'. It's not with the usual connotative meaning of some intent or emotion, it's just a simple 'ah'. She didn't know, now she knows. Tony likes her.
“People like her, too, because she has a list of awards on here for humanitarian stuff. She also is one of the founders of the Forget the Face Foundation aka the FFF which has given out over five hundred sponsorships to minorities around America since it was made in 2001. Damn,
After Sarah and Paul left, Wilson decidedly declared that they'd be watching Christmas movies. Banner was getting the pizza at the front door as everyone separated to get into comfy clothes. Tony desperately sought a moment to be alone in the bathroom.
Carter blinks, looks over to Rogers, then grins. She pulls Rogers toward their table. Tony nearly groans, and Cross's eyes widen. Ty sighs even louder.
. Sure, she might work for Mhmm, but that almost guarantees that she's a good lady because of that hell of a background check that SI does! Plus, maybe someone who works for Mhmm might be a good separation of… dreams and reality for Steve, y’know?”
“‘Touche. But just like me figuring…’,” Sam trails off. “Hold on a second, that doesn't make sense.”
The Rogers's house is a one-story, subdivision home — moderately sized and nearly exactly like the one next to it, but it's cared for. In the window, shadows of a Christmas tree and a group of people are talking animatedly. The driveway is shoveled, there are rows and rows of lights hanging, and there's an inflatable Santa in a sleigh on the roof.
“Then what am I supposed to gift you?” he asks, rather than directly responding to Steve’s proclamation.
Peter makes an aborted noise. Tony glances over, just in time to see Rhodey cutting Parker a stern look. Tony's eyebrows furrow.
Steve smiles softly, before standing and preventing the others from grabbing Tony’s presents. Tony feels a nudge to his shoulder, and Paul grins down at him. “Cocoa?”
Despite having toured the entire bottom level of Udaku's house because Ty seems to want Tony to be wherever he is for the rest of the night, Tony doesn't see Rogers. Even after actively searching for him.
Tony arches a brow. She's not from Timely, definitely, so that means she's most likely from a surrounding city. Tony's crossing his fingers for the one he's currently in — that'd be best for the rumors surrounding him.
As they start wrestling, Sam dives in to not miss out on the action. Natasha and Rhodey rush to Tony.
It takes a while but when the room is near dead silent, Tony quietly sits up. He slides out from under the blankets.
Tony’s cheeks burned red. “I’m going to regret this later,” he states, “but ask Jarvis. He witnessed the slightly embarrassing evolution of my feelings for you.”
Then Jarvis asked him how Mr. Steve Rogers was after last night, and Tony's good morning went down the drain when he remembered everything that had occurred the previous night.
interested in dating again. Or no strings attached sex. His libido hasn't even changed with time (what, do you think he's your everyday middle-aged male, no,
Steve laughs again before leaning in and kissing his new boyfriend. Peter leaps away, shrieking, from where he was wrapped around Tony. It's a very domestic scene.
Carter's jaw clenches, her eyes steeling over, dangerously, and Tony feels the tension racket. Rogers clasps a hand over Carter's wrist, restraining her, and opens his mouth, but the bell rings.
After that is a blur of ice cream and more Christmas movies. Before anyone really realizes it, Sam's phone starts blaring
Rogers sighs. “I’m gonna spend the night at M'Baku's. Hoping to find a clear room until T'Challa finds me in the morning and drives me home.”
Digging through his wallet, Tony receives his ID card. Keying in the code (written on the back of his ID because he’s a genius but he can’t be damned to
Caden laughs the most obnoxiously at his joke, and Tony tries to conjure up a smile, but then Rogers's gaze flickers to him for one moment, and Tony can't muster it up.
Banner huffs a laugh, almost in agreement. Everyone else takes it without notice. It's... The normal.
Tony clears his throat. “I haven’t, however, chosen your gift.” He smiles softly. “Though I think I see one thing that you’ve favored.”
by them. And then they didn't get off on the right foot, then after that it seemed that Steve couldn't manage to get the right words out, then eventually Steve kind of completely ruined their relationship, and, well — Steve gets an even higher amount of Depressed Thoughts when thinking about his and Object of Steve Rogers's Affections Ever Since 2012’s relationship.
Jarvis immediately looks disapproving, but at the end, his lips quirk in a guilty, humored smile. Tony laughs outright again.
“Hammer,” she says, evenly, yet empowering all the other voices in the area, “if you don't sit down and shut up, I might have to tell Ashley Temple that you've been saying that you're her boyfriend. I'll just have to make sure that I'm a foot away from her to avoid the vomit when I do so.”
and that your own friends know it. We know no one gives a damn about you anymore and that you and Tiberius Stone have stopped talking. We know Rogers's mom is barely scraping by and that she works under the company.” Howard's nostrils flare. “We know about the raises she's gotten. We know that for some reason you took up a charity case for a goddamn fa— ”
Steve laughs. “And that, even if I was still small, I’d still look…” His expression turns then, into something almost nervous. “I’d still look wonderful.”
“Anyways!” Rhodey talks loudly. “Believe it or not, Tony, we did come here to talk about something.”
“Wouldn't miss it for the world,” she murmurs back. “Now, seriously. Go sit somewhere else, I need to talk to Sam and Bucky.”
“I probably sound like a terrible stalker,” Steve stammers out, “but I just. I remembered from when you did that presentation? Yeah, in the Business Computer Applications course.”
Sharon Carter's the type of person someone thinks of for 'Most Likely To Become President'. She's a woman that demands attention by walking in a room silently, one that's charming and flirtatious but you can never get in your bed. She's kind of a god around Marvel High, and no one,
Steve looks at him, then, and smiles lightly. “They’re all gonna hate you because they weren’t able to get anything for you in return. I’m kind of hating you right now.”
Tony feels his chest cave in. Ty and Rumlow are bickering, and Cross is staring at Van Dyne's ass again, but with Hammer's beady eyes on him, he feels his revolve crumble.
Rumlow's face is now obscuring Tony's view to Rogers. “TY WANTS YOU TO COME OVER TO DO BEER PONG WITH HIM!”
“Tony?” he demands, his shoulders bunching and high with tension. There's a deep exhale on the other side of the line. “I — I swear to God if this isn't Tony Stark, I will hunt you down and invoke the fear of God into your — ”
“I still can't believe you don't like coffee,” Tony shudders. “You're the best coffee maker in the world, and you don't like coffee. It's a disgrace, Rogers!”
“'Course,” Sam dismisses him, and Steve can see that he's already playing that colorful game with the fairy and the candies.
“Seven months, thirteen days, and 21 hours,” Tony says sourly. Then winces. Bucky rolls his eyes even harder.
He's covered in paint. He looks like a — well, a rainbow. There's a banner above him that has a slur on it and Tony barely doesn't flinch in surprise, because they didn't say it was going to be a
Tony scrunches his nose up. “There is literally no way to say this modestly, so. Just. I'm kind of a genius? Yeah. So. My dad pulled some strings, and... And I just took some tests. Easy.”
“No.” Tony rethinks that statement. “Well, I have a butler, his wife, a kind-of amazing super smart redhead, and an Air Force pilot, but. No. Not what you mean.”
Though Peter and Sam take all the credit for it at Steve and Tony's wedding a year later, FlickLove is still sent a large check of a whole lot of money from a secret endorser.
Sarah teases every single one of them, individually, for an entire minute when she comes back. Paul just nudges Sam down to the floor so that he can sit on the couch.
Tony groans. “Do you seriously read 'what happens if my child comes out to me' articles or something?”
And all Bucky Barnes does is throw a piece of pepperoni at him while making a loud noise of agreement. Romanoff thunks her head on his thigh to make him quiet.
The woman nods instantly. “Yes, sir. There are no other reservations in your section of the dining area, as due to your requests over the phone.”
Pepper then scoffed. “Oh, of course, I do. Of course, I know they matter to you. You've been playing their games for so long it must be an instinct to think about what everyone else will think first and not about what
y'know? It was like five minutes in with T—Object of Steve Rogers's Affections Ever Since 2012 and Steve was already so…
As they start guessing loudly and debating about their presents, Tony slips from the room. Sending a quick text to Jarvis, not wanting to disturb his and Anna’s morning, he dials a familiar number.
Jarvis is quiet while he and Tony walk to the door. When Tony's about to say goodbye, Jarvis says softly, “I believe that I'd prefer you to 'hang out’ with Steve Rogers. He’s always seemed to be a well-inclined young man.”
It's more shocked silence. Then Rumlow, nose dripping, turns an ugly, splotchy red and snarls, “You fat bitch, I'm gonna make you pay for that — ”
It's a few more seconds before Steve opens his mouth again and Tony feels red hot fear at the idea of Steve going, leaving, walking out of his life again, this time for good, so he blurts the first thing that comes to mind.
Sam was the first one to officially be ‘Infected’ — based off of the damn idiotic joke Tony had made that first night. That afternoon, Natasha Romanoff and Sharon Carter shared on both of their Snapchat stories a picture of them kissing Steve Rogers on the cheek, with the caption, 'HAPPILY INFECTED!'. Rogers was blushing, which is what the average man would do in the situation of Natasha Romanoff and Sharon Carter kissing him on the cheeks. They were the second to be deemed as Infected. (“Does that make them lesbians?” Rumlow asked. “'Cause that's fucking hot.”) The next day, Scott Lang pulled a (once again) blushing Steve Rogers onto their usual table, and shoved their joined hands up in the air. They got a mixture of applause and applesauce launched at them. During lunch, the valedictorian Bruce Banner made a show of passing Rogers a piece of paper and shaking his hand. He loudly announced that Rogers was a pleasure to work with. Rogers blushed. (Banner blushed, too, but damn, he has balls.) The most recent person to be Infected was Thor Odinson, who apparently volunteered to be Rogers's partner in AP Fine Arts, and allowed Rogers to put him in a pose to his liking for his painting. (Also, apparently — Rogers blushed.)
Sam, the baker who lives to tease Tony about his completely subtle crush, yells, “Tell our "number one customer" to buy something different for a change!”
“Steve, I — ” Tony stutters, and, frustrated, he steps closer, into Steve’s space, making the other’s eyes widen comically. Determined, Tony continued. “When I first saw you, I knew it was over for me. I knew that I was going to either go insane and follow you to the ends of the earth, or go insane and never get to have you. If you thought I was everything, I thought I was nothing without you. I felt — I felt lost
“That’s what I came to tell you,” Howard says, draining the rest of his tumbler then sitting in his chair. He grins at Tony, and Tony arches an eyebrow. “There actually isn't.”
Tony's eyebrows skyrocket. “Oh, yeah. Great memory.” Steve sinks into the wall further. “Don't you want to be a… Like a digital artist?”
Nat skillfully dodges Steve's attempts to peer at the StarkPad, but let's Bucky see it when he tries. Bucky spits out his juice, effectively soaking his magazine.
It's nearing two in the morning, and the back alleyways of the businesses in the outskirts of Berlin are finally empty. It's nearly pitch black without the city's lights pouring in on the display, and the wintery cold chills Steve even through his insulated uniform. Steve adjusts the comm in his ear. It's a private line, only directed to FRIDAY in a secure server that Tony created for when Steve's on this type of intense mission.
Tony can't accept this answer because it's stupid so he pours the chocolates in his other hand, takes the M&M's wrapper, flattens it out, then puts it on the strip of sidewalk between them and drops the M&M's there.
Steve feels his chest ache. “I — I like it a lot. Y'know, maybe the, uh. The styled goatee isn't a total problem. A look that says something, right? Stands out?”
Tony spent most of Saturday tracking down every post made about M'Baku's party — after intensive stalking, he reached the conclusion that either no one had seen them, or no one who saw them had cared.
Peter sinks in his seat. “But that path doesn't guarantee that I'll be out of the country if Mr. Stark freaks out.”
Tony gives a weak smile to the jaw-dropping gorgeous man in front of him. He's not sure that the man's smile will ever not make his heart stop.
Barnes huffs. “Tasha, doll, I love you, but no, not again, I can only take Jim Carrey's green face so many times per decade.”
“W-Well,” Bruce stammers. “We kind of… Wanted that to be a surprise. Yeah. It's much more pressure on you if you have expectations of this person.”
“‘Cover blown... Just like your guys’. Has to be Rhodes there, but who else?’” Peter reads sullenly. “What do we do now?”
Somebody gasps. It's very dramatic, and Sam wishes he could properly appreciate it, but then Bucky's diving in to click the notification. Sam pulls it to his chest.
Howard's face is ghostly white. Tony's mom is at Tony's side, an arm wrapped around his shoulder securely. She's herding him away from the room, speaking fiercely to Howard. It's all kind of muffled.
As if on cue, a group of engineers Tony was just talking to a little over thirty minutes ago start heading to his dad's office. Some of them wave, friendly, at Tony, while others ignore him completely. The nurse steps over next to him.
But Caden and the others are laughing and showing more emotion that Tony's ever seen them have, other than the smug expressions they take on after they win a big game, and he can't exactly go back in time (yet), so he just smirks.
Steve gives him an amused glance, his cheeks still a bit pink. “Tony, I hate to break it to you, but this is a bakery. There's not usually a special.”
And gee, that didn't help because that's the first time Tony's ever heard Steve Rogers say his first name and wow.
“When you posted that picture is when I gave up. And when you found out that I was the asshole behind all of those stupid pranks is when I gave up on any mere fantasy of this. Because I don’t deserve you. I never have. I probably never will.” Tony steps closer. “But I’m selfish.”
His back bends in as the others jump onto the both of them in a dog pile. Steve laughs into his neck, and Tony is helpless to do anything but laugh back.
Tony stares at Steve, as the other boy giggles as DUM-E circles him excitedly. Tony clears his throat. “Suppose not.”
Sarah's voice carries from the kitchen. “Steve, get the door and tell Thor that he is not allowed in this kitchen until I say so!”
One thing led to another. Now Tony knows the full force of knowing Steve's well-being is better off without
They eat the rest of the food while watching movies. It's kinda awesome. No one even gives Tony the stink eye anymore. Except Bucky, but Tony thinks their nemesis is just meant to be.
Romanoff's shoulders shake, and she almost looks relieved. Tony realizes (to his own contempt that he knows this much about him) that this is the first time the reckless fighter in Steve Rogers has shown up in five days.
!” he cheers. Then slaps his hand over his mouth in embarrassment. Steve's lips purse in concealed laughter.
it. You go to that school acting like you're a big shot when none of those people know that the real you would rather be making little
familiar, since it was where — in that sweet period of time when Rogers finally saw past his initial opinions of Tony but before Ultron and the Accords and Siberia — Rogers had invited Tony to, out of annoyingly earnest politeness, two separate times. Right before the battle in which they acquired Loki's scepter, Tony had finally accepted on Rogers's third attempt, and
Ty's always quick to act out more when Tony is — when Rumlow tells the table about Tony's act in English, Ty ends up starting a soccer match right in the middle of the cafeteria. Ultimately, he gets detention for it but everyone's cheering as he leaves the cafeteria, and he winks at Tony before Coulson sends Ty a warning look. The cafeteria was buzzing with excitement, and it's almost weird, because it's the first time in a while that the reasoning behind so isn't because of Steve Rogers, even though Rogers and his group were as loud as they always were — meaning Lang was still somehow making a show of eating everything on his tray.
As he sits alone in his room, drowning himself in alcohol, he knows he should be thinking of a lot of things.
Mr. Wilson gives him that look that Mr. Stark gives him when Peter successfully breaks into a government database he's not supposed to break into. It's a look that most mentors wouldn't react with in that situation.
“Probably because of the guilt overwhelming you,” Stark informs her, before kicking Sam's leg, who's holding Steve down. “Hey, don't hurt the merchandise.”
He throws a careless grin her way, chugging his second(? third?) beer. “Cute girls that suck things from me are kinda my thing, so the whole vampire costume is good on you!”
Tony blinks, eyes adjusting. Rhodey's face is inches away from him, and worried. Tony shakes his head.
Carter arched an eyebrow. “And you all pride yourselves in an annual prank that only shows how truly creative you lot are outside of this once a year stunt.
“Whatever you're thinking right now,” Ms. Natasha says dryly, “think of Steve and Tony's prior behaviors toward you, and really evaluate if that's how they'd react if this doesn't work out.”
The next day, Tony sees Rogers a lot, and he can't help but be more animate. In English, he volunteers for the monthly play that everyone always reads in monotone, and reads the lines like it's a Shakespearean production. The teacher actually cheers him on, and most people join in because that's what teenagers do. And, at the peak of his performance, Tony looks to Rogers, and he's smiling wide and bright and he's laughing. Because of Tony.
“You make no sense, Wilson!” Bucky yells back, voice annoyed, but his eyes are beyond affectionate. Tony raises his eyebrows and Barnes glares at him. Tony grins.
Tony shakes his head. “Sorry, zoned out. But… I mean, if you're really good, which I'm sure you are, I bet you could make your way without doing something else.”
“Tony,” she exhales and she looks tired — senior year, she must be exhausted considering her parents can't just pay her entry like Tony's. “Can we talk?”
Tony's father, back when he still enjoyed creating things other than guns better than last year's guns, had converted the full-floor basement into a workshop, which is the only thing that Tony has happily inherited from him. It's now full of projects that Tony's had to drop at the last second for some reason or another and projects that Howard Stark would roll his eyes at. Including—
“Riiiiight,” Rhodey drawls. “Anyway, don't change the subject! You and this Steve-guy! Why aren't you chasing after him?”
Tony nods, sharply, but he feels himself flare with panic. Alone? Alone with Steve Rogers? With no one to buffer in-between? This is definitely a risk. He's never even dared to…
Mr. Rhodes shrugs. “Does. Tony never told anyone besides me, Pep, and you about that Harley kid in Tennessee — no one knows he did have that much help, not even SHIELD. Rogers wouldn't know.”
Bucky shrugs when Steve looks at him next. “I do agree, though. You should get out there, get over... Mhmhm.”
Jarvis's lips twitch although he tries his best to remain serious. “Well, certainly not an improvement of your fondness for your black eye.”
There's a group of five individuals working for an underground terrorist organization that need to be apprehended before they make it to their destination. In his utility belt, there's five small patches with a hidden needle attached. He needs to apply them to their necks, then haul them safely to the awaiting Quinjet.
The conversation finally turns from Rogers to Rumlow's latest sexual conquests, and Tony marginally relaxes.
Pepper stands then. She walks over and presses a kiss to Tony's forehead. Tony leans into the hug she gives him.
Howard looks at Tony, gazing at him imperceptibly. Then he sighs. “I didn't want this to happen. I thought you'd
Steve's eyebrows furrow in, but not in disappointment or anger, but in frustration. “Tony, please just — This is on me, okay? I should… I should be the one apologizing, okay, because I'm such a mess that I can't even — god, I hate myself.”
They parted, and Tony had to blink away the happy darkness. “A dream,” he murmurs, bringing one of his thumbs to trace Steve’s lips. The lips replied by parting, spreading into a blinding white smile.
Then he kinda just sits there. Tony isn't exactly complaining — his nerves are practically vibrating — but it is an odd reaction out of Rogers.
“Tony, your father and I were planning to throw a farewell party,” his mother explains. “But… after your recent troubles at school, five pre-invited families have declined.”
Steve sighs, softly, looking at the ground between them. “I'm — I'm sorry, Tony. I really am. We were talking really great, for a second there, but… I can't — I can't just be friends with you.”
anyways, i really hope you all like this chapter! i'm not a fan of how it turned out but i rarely am,,, anyways, next chapter is all sorts of fun, so see you then ;)
Pepper Potts is sitting primly in one of the few chairs left in the room. She doesn't say anything about the few boxes lining the walls.
“Anyway,” Peter continues. “They go through all their eligible people, apparently, and make sure that Mr. Stark will get nearly exactly who he's looking for. Rumor has it that people have gotten no matches because FlickLove's honest enough to tell them that they need to clean up their act.”
okay so i know that this chapter was honestly just more shit on the shit-cake that the last chapter presented, but next chapter has things looking vaguely better? sorry about the angst storm, everyone
“Nothing is broken, Sir,” FRIDAY assesses, patiently. “I find it that it would be in your best interests to simply listen to them.”
They all spin to see Steve Rogers holding tight onto Rumlow's raised arm. His voice is low, dangerous.
The comment has 10 likes, and 13 replies. It was only posted 15 minutes ago. Tony turns his phone off, then throws it at the wall. His mouth waters for a drink.
It's quiet for an excruciating long time, before Steve sighs. He then looks to Stark, who nods in confirmation. Sam feels like he's back in grade school when his teacher and his mother would stare him down while they'd telepathically negotiate his sentence for the classroom crimes he committed.
He doesn't. He just glares at Bucky, while everyone else gives them genuine but slightly nervous laughs.
It's one of those rules. Don't say or act on what you want when it's not favorable to everyone else around you.
“Thanks,” Tony deflects, grabbing the M&M's, because even drunk Tony knows that no one is supposed to know about the Harry Potter thing.
When Tony goes downstairs to eat breakfast the next morning, Jarvis sends him back up since he apparently smells. Tony does it without protest.
“Steve’s only like liked Peggy and Mhmhm so far as to think about spending his life with 'em, but Peggy was younger, and Mhmhm was older, so,” Bucky shrugs. “Stevie likes who he likes.”
Tony listens as the guys bicker on as he adjusts his shendyt. Ty's a fucking moron who makes sure that they have matching costumes for M'Baku Jabari's, the city kid who’s more popular than God, annual Halloween party. Last year was the first year they were accepted in, and it was a feat in itself considering that they were sophomores and M'Baku was a junior who looked like he was twenty and sounded like he was thirty and had way more experience than you in every single way. Plus, T'Challa Udaku is M'Baku's best friend. T'Chaka Udaku used to dine with the president until the election in 2016.
“You wanna learn about Jesus, Stark?” Barnes asks, but he has this sorta soft grin across his face that, if Tony chose to point it out, he was sure it would disappear.
“I'm sorry, Tony, but I really can't just — ” Steve straightens, his expression settling into a brave face, but his eyes are still red and are full of just…
e about him is a lie that he himself started. Majority thinks he has a smoking hot girlfriend in a few cities over along with the girls he manages to pick up at their school, but the girl he's talking about was more into Tony, himself, than Hammer.
Jarvis is watching him, Tony knows, but Jarvis is always watching him. Tony gulps down the rest. “Thanks, J,” he repeats, setting the cup down and grabbing his phone and keys.
She sighs, looking away momentarily. “No, Mr. Stark, I don't believe he will be able to. Not in time for dinner with the rest of your family, anyways.”
Sam sighs then. “You're way too much of a complex person now, you've lost all of your flatness. I can't believe I can't hate you anymore. Barnes, you're at the top of the hate list, again.”
Steve. I mean— It always was, your art has always left me breathless, but with this. This comic art style, you've really… Your talent is heartbreakingly prevalent.”
“Then we have to wait for him to accept our Flicked Love,” Sam explains. Bucky squints at the use of the term ‘Flicked Love’. “After that they open a private message place where you can chat and plan out stuff, get to know each other, y'know? There we can explain to Mhmhm how much Steve's sorry, and why Mhmhm should totally fall in love with him.” Sam frowns. “Reason one being that FlickLove wills it so.”
“And if that trouble maker, Bucky Barnes is a problem for you, tell him Sarah will ban Steve from flying over,” Sarah told him. “Now, go on, shoo.”
Paul reddens. “Sarah and Tony brought it to my attention that perhaps I chose a gift that wouldn't be...
Jarvis arches an eyebrow. “In the sense of the fact that he would give kindergartners that were close to the same size of him piggybacks kind of frustrating, or
Ty laughs. “And you're gonna give it to her? As much as I agree with you, don't fucking touch her, okay? She's Infected.”
When they're outside (Steve didn't even try to fight over the bill, seemingly remembering the ten-minute argument they shared last time), Steve waves Tony away with a smile, and they both call their rides.
“It's because it is too advanced for them,” Jarvis corrects. Tony looks up at him. He smiles. Tony sighs in relief.
But it's a lot of sitting around — which Steve isn’t particularly good at. Absently, Steve folds the tag back to hide it. He's filled with nostalgia, a smile sliding on his face.
Tony stays still for approximately ten minutes after Jarvis leaves before he promptly starts buzzing. A passing man gives him the side-eye, so Tony sticks his tongue out at him. The man walks more quickly away.
Rumlow's nostrils flair just a bit, but he gives it a laugh when the other three do. His mom hitched an acting job as some witch on a kids’ show in the late nineties, and ever since Ty found out, the Brock Halloween Joke is used every day this time of year. Considering his mother doesn't even come home during Christmas, Tony knows it hits hard every time. Like his group tends to have, it's one of those funny-to-everyone-except-for-who-it's-about jokes. Ty's personal favorites, he told Tony once.
A quarter of the house is already packed up when Tony's leaving for school and he thinks he vaguely remembers some people coming in to do it but he was drunk for the majority of the break so he shrugs the thought off.
On the following Friday, Tony goes through his messages until he finds an invitation to a party. He drives sixty miles out of Timely to get there, then proceeds to drink himself out of his mind.
Tony feels his heart speed up as she walks away. He spares a glance at Steve, who's looking longingly at his mother's retreating back.
Steve gnaws his lip. “People will be going in and out, but it's gonna be a full house most of the time, so. If you'd like to… come, I mean. You're welcome to.”
“It's a pleasure to be here,” he smiles, mentally preparing himself for an hour or two more of this mindless speaking.
Peter inhales sharply. “It says, 'You just sent your first FlickLove to Steve Rogers! Please wait patiently until he either accepts or rejects your Flick!’” Peter grimaces. “Wow, 'reject’ is a strong word, they… really are not very sympathetic.”
Tony swallows, then looks to Ty, whose eyes are wide and his mouth slowly dropping. Tony knows the signs of Tiberius Stone speechless — along with what'll happen if Tony doesn't immediately back him up if he can.
“Oh. Awesome,” Tony says. He grabs one of the homemade pudding cups. Through a mouthful, he says, “Dig in.”
Howard sits up. “That’s just the thing — your mother pointed it out. I've just gotta pull some strings and you can just take the tests required for the courses you need to graduate then we'll ship you off to an Ivy League by the time you turn sixteen!”
“ — none of your nosey butts’ business,” Steve is arguing. Tony tilts his head. Barnes sees him first, frowning.
“Which is what I would do if you were critically hurt on one of these missions of yours,” Tony adds, “which is actually why I called you! Crazy how all of these things line up.”
. I thought, this is what Ma teases me about, because I was — so gone on you, the very first day I was here. And even after I noticed that you hung out with — with Stone, and Rumlow, and all of them — I wanted to stop liking you. So bad. I felt angry at myself, because I couldn’t help but keep staring, hoping, but it never lasted long because you kept— you kept smiling at me, and you helped me in math all the time, and you made fun of Rumlow when he started to make fun of me not being able to do pull-ups, and you always dropped a dollar in the charity funds that we’d have, and I just… I
Because it's Steve Rogers. Looking as lovely as ever. But he's looking at Tony. Tony, who is in old jeans, a very old, loose t-shirt, and a jacket with unwashed hair and bags underneath his eyes, singing a
Jarvis had always taken it with grace, adding the needed questions and noises of affirmation whenever Tony paused in his ranting. If he ever thought that Tony felt anything other than no-homo-admiration for Steve Rogers, he never said anything.
“Dad, mom, my butler, Rhodey, probably Sarah Rogers because she's suspiciously all-knowing,” Tony lists. “And... All of you.”
.” He laughs, the noise wet. “At lunch, you were playing soccer, and you were fast, and strong, and I just thought,
Tony looks down at the present in surprise, before looking back up at Sarah and Paul. They pointedly Don’t Look at him, and he grins widely.
Tony blinks. Steve Rogers — New Yorker and new, skinny, weird kid, who holds doors open and who gives a quarter to the office's charity jar every morning and who draws amazing pictures and who fights bullies twice his size and who has a really nice laugh — is standing right in front of him.
Tony rips it up into tiny pieces, takes it to his workshop, then sets the pieces on fire. His hand gets burned and Jarvis patches him up, wordlessly. Tony feels like he's eight years old again and Jarvis just found out about the robot dog Tony made that ended up exploding. Tony drinks through a bottle of liquor as soon as Jarvis left the room.
His eyes catch onto Steve’s, and there’s still a soft smile on his lips. Uncontrollably, Tony’s eyes settle on his pink lips for a lingering moment. Catching himself, his eyes fly back up to Steve’s, whose pupils are blown wide.
Sam immediately directs him away from the couch. “Sharon sleeps on the couch since she's the oldest!”
A bullet flies underneath the dumpster, and Steve dodges it but the phone is shot out of his palm. Steve blinks.
Tony dodges away, swimming through the crowd to get behind the stage. His eyes rove over the heads until his eyes land on a familiar head of blonde hair disappearing out of one of the galleries into one of the exits's foyers.
Captain America, y’know? I read somewhere that the more known people always get the more known people, so that's probably why Steve got such good matches.”
Actual problem — Tony doesn't have a way to get home. Correction — he does, he's just gotta call Jarvis, but before he does that he needs to get a little more sober to prevent Jarvis from totally freaking out.
FRIDAY makes a noise that sounds far too much like a clearing of the throat. “Based on my observations of Sir, I'd advise against that, Dr. Banner.”
Someone he vaguely remembers by the name of Caden (? Camden? Carson?), puts a hand out, and Tony grabs it, sliding over the desk. He drops in it, huffing, and vaguely points toward the girls. “Anyone know their names?”
company in one of the most redneck states in the country, and Ty's dad owns a hunter apparel one — as long as they don't start advocating gun control laws, their families will be fine for a long time.
Tony clears his throat. “Steve took pity on me and picked me up from a gas station where I was about to get zits from hell from a boatload of candy.”
“ — is still here, Stark!” Sam calls from the back. “And Barnes, you're not paying yourself to just chat with the customers!”
The group laughs. Romanoff's eyes snap to Tony and she says, “Finally I get to punch his lights out.”
i think i should be able to post once a week from now on! and the next chapter, by far, is my favorite.
Tony was born and raised in Timely, and he was a rich, popular kid who was an awesome soccer player, and was barely hanging onto his middle school status due to his lack of actually caring about certain social aspects, so he had to act accordingly.
A silence rings after that, as Tony wraps his mind around Steve’s enormous heart. A fruitless effort.
“No, you — Mom, he can tell me whatever he needs to say,” Tony insists. He smiles wide at Howard. “What’s the dilemma,
“Oh my fuck!” Hammer's yelling, and Tony gives a sidelong glance to Ty because he told him that Justin Hammer shouldn't be allowed in either of their houses for longer than fifteen minutes at a time. He's been here for an hour.
Rumlow huffs, a wet noise because of the blood from his nose, and jerks away from Rogers. “Look who decided to show up, boys.”
. He has a prosthetic leg because he gave his first one up for a baby elephant during a poaching fight in Africa. He needs someone who is okay with being in love, but can also bend to him leaving for months at a time. Again, we'll have to pick him for more information.”
Ty laughs, patting Tony on the back before disappearing into the crowds. Tony finally let's his smirk slip off his face, turning and nearly bumping into someone before they jump away at the last second.
“Okay,” Steve murmurs. He grabs an M&M packet off of a shelf, grins wider at Tony, then starts toward the cash register. Tony is helpless to do anything but follow.
Steve clears his throat. “You’re right in that assumption. I've got three meddlers. They signed me up for something, and I agreed, but they didn't tell me…”
Until a minute later, the kid makes another squeaky noise that Tony has to acknowledge. “What?” he asks, exasperated.
“All good news, I hope?” Tony pipes, one brow arched, ignoring the coffee machine thing because he's only sucking the good out of that when Steve's around.
“It's Tony,” Tony interrupts. Then he ducks his head back out of the ancient machine. He squints at Steve, who squirms on spot.
Mr. Wilson considers this. “That used to fuel me, but now I just keep imagining what Stark can do with all of his nanotech.”
It started when Rogers was first moved to Tony's town, and was enrolled in Tony's middle school. He, of course, was blessed with new kid disease, where everyone and everything revolves around the new kid until everyone figured out they were just a real person like everyone else. But for Rogers — it was maximized. Rogers is from Brooklyn in New York City, and he now lives in Timely. No one moves
Thankfully enough, Steve was picking at the remains of his dessert and missed Tony's breakdown. Tony schools his expression, inhaling sharply. They'll deal with that later.
But then, of course, on the following day, Wanda put the image of Steve dead because of Tony's lack of proactivity in his mind. Seeing Steve like that after the prior night had just… messed with Tony's mind. A lot.
That night, he swallows a dozen pills from a bottle he found in Howard's liquor cabinet and hopes for the best. When he glances at his phone, he has an unread direct message from
“'Every person is a type of person that matters',” Tony parrots. “Don't tell me you've gone to the dark, self-deprecation side.”
Tony sighs himself. He's still not certain about this entire thing, but… but they're being so painfully honest when they're saying they want him to be happy, and they're being so earnest and hopeful and…
“Well, don't say that, Rogers, I have a reputation,” Tony huffs back, smiling a bit himself. Steve grins even more goofily at him. Tony's smile stretches uncontrollably.
Ms. Natasha let's out an exhale. “If Steve's got the little… disappointed eyebrow furrow thing? Definitely not, you're on your own.”
Steve, wrapped in a blanket, was staring at Tony from the doorway. He was tired, but alert. He looked almost anxious.
Steve sighs, helpless to Bucky's calm optimism. And it's not like Steve doesn't trust all of them, it's just that trusting someone with you life and trusting someone with your
Steve, upon realization that everyone in the room was staring at him, unamused and exasperated, sheepishly looks for a way out of his rambling. His eyes land on Sam's discarded StarkPad. Oh,
Tony scrambles to comply. Rogers is giggling, and if Tony is a bit more theatrical in his actions to keep that sound ringing in his ears, well. He's drunk, okay, sue him.
“I feel like you're taking my decision away from me,” Tony says, tone audibly upset. He curses himself.
When they finally get to her office, she glances at him. “It's not very big, Tony, so don't start going young millionaire on me and act posh.”
Steve flushes. “And you were my ride home. Plus you gave me the ‘captain’ nickname that Scott’s been calling me.”
“Tony,” Steve interjects, eyes turning moist and red, and Tony's heart breaks at the sound of Steve's voice when he said his name, “I'm — I'm fine.”
Steve shut his eyes as Tony collects the presents before they trekked to the door. Before they exited, Steve stopped Tony by the wrist. His expression was a mixture of concern and anxiety.
Tony purses his lips. “My dad is moving us to California because he's now making the big kind of guns. Stark Arms is staying up for a while here before Howard shuts it down and takes away a lot of people's jobs. Yesterday I finished exams and am going to be sent off to MIT or CalTech by the time I'm seventeen. And… And you are the only person attending Marvel High School that knows all of this.” He shrugs a bit. “So, Steve Rogers, you are the only person at Marvel High School that I'd love to spend Christmas with.”
Romanoff ignores him. “When Rumlow told us that you were the one who thought of those pranks? Pretty surprised, gotta admit.”
Tony's cheeks, if possible, burn hotter. Good God, Steve heard what he was singing at the gas station.
At lunch, Tony sits at the table for three minutes before his eyes catch on someone who passes by, and he brightens before waving him over.
Peter blinks, surprised, before a mischievous grin slides over his face. He takes his phone out of his pocket, grinning at it. “Okay, Mr. Stark, I'm doing it.”
Tony stares at him, into those blue, blue eyes, and the hopeful look dancing around the edges of them, and he just —
It's almost like they're adapting, Tony realizes. The post of Rogers and Barnes — there were no homophobic slurs, just questions if Barnes was Rogers's boyfriend. The Infected thing has lost all entertainment value and no one's actively avoiding interaction with Rogers and his group besides people like Tony and his asshole friends. Hell —
“Tony, darling,” his mom murmurs. She sweeps his hair back from his forehead, kissing his skin softly. “I’ll try to be home for New Year's for the move. Your father wants to get in this last meeting with the Senator in, so we can't be here on the 25th. I… Are you okay, love?”
“But,” Steve says slowly, turning and smiling a bit bashfully, “I'm willing to make one up for you. How about a box of these pan dulce? Our baker spent three years in Mexico perfecting the recipes. He even learned Spanish.”
The man at the counter has dirty blonde hair in a stuck-in-the-00's style that Tony finds slightly annoying. He's fingering the pages of a book, but it's upside down, so Tony questions the credibility of the action.
Distantly, fireworks and butterflies and a screeching excitement was taking place in Tony’s mind, but at that moment, it was quiet. There was only the snow falling on their heads, their cold noses brushing each other, Steve’s soft lips moving under his. Tony’s mind, finally, was at peace.
Sam grunts. Thinks on it. “Fine,” he complies. “But Bucky has to keep his grubby paws off my StarkPad. This is a
) and saving the world doesn't ever get unattractive to civilians, but, just — Look, he falls in love with Pepper, falls in love with Someone Else, then they both blow his heart to bits a couple of times, then Pepper accepts his shitty engagement effectively helping him feel better about Mysterious Other Person, but then Pepper turns into dust, and even though Tony and his old superhero boy band totally save the day and bring her back to life, apparently they're both getting too old for this and literally no one on earth were surprised when Tony Stark and Pepper Almost-Stark-Potts had cancelled the wedding.
Eventually, Tony glumly lets Steve detach himself from Tony. However, when Steve grins, brightly, at Tony, Tony doesn't regret letting him pull away for a single second.
Tony nods, exaggeratedly. “What use are things if they aren’t going to be used?” he says, lifting the box in his hands shortly.
“M-Mar — ” Steve can't seem to talk. Or think. Or breathe. “Marry Tony. Marry you? You want Steve — You want me to marry you?”
So they sit there, opening and eating tiny bags of M&M's, until Jarvis picks him up. At least Tony thinks so. He fell asleep before Jarvis arrived.
“Well, I happen to like things that are bitter to the tongue.” But Steve's still blissfully oblivious as he furrows his eyebrows in confusion, and since Tony's never claimed to not be a coward, he makes an escape. “Bye, Stevie, bye, Sammy!”
Cut the bullshit, man. What's the deal? We both wanted Steve and Tony to be together, now we just have to join our creative spirits and actually get them together.
“Though I am not your mother, and therefore not in place to make this decision for you,” Jarvis starts, “I believe it would be a great experience and long-lasting memory for you to spend this Christmas at the Rogers' household.”
Barnes finally disentangles himself from the wrestling pile, and his eyes fly to under the tree. “Oh my fuck,” he says, “guys. Santa actually fucking came.”
Tony's favorite enigma, who successfully turned six of Marvel High's best and brightest into “The Infected”.
Rumlow's laughing. “And next year he's gonna think of something even better than this year's, aren't you, Tony?”
calm and displays his anger even though he's not visibly angry. Waiters being rudely ignored as Mr. Stark's and Mr. Rogers's unresolved sexual tension takes over their manners, and other diners leaving, appalled at the behavior of two of the most well-known guys in the world.
sixteen,” Tony says plainly. Howard shrugs. Tony scrambles for words. “I — I wouldn't be able to pass tests for college yet, I can't — ”
), which makes Tony start rambling about potential changes to Steve's current suit, where Steve insists on helping in the design this time. It's a whole lot of bickering, but as Tony said before — if they're not actively arguing, you're going to find them bickering. It wouldn't be healthy if they didn't — after New York, they kept pushing the whole polite, not-disagreeing thing which only led them to worst arguments. They need the bickering, because otherwise their communication with each other kind of sucks. Tony thinks that realizing this a few several years ago would've done wonders on their relationship.
Romanoff grins supremely. The guys grumble but they all comply. Tony smiles a bit. It seems like Steve's some sort of leader. It's cool.
“So... Steve is pursuing his art stuff, huh?” he quires, concentrating on his nails. “Is he gonna be... gone more often?”
Tony's relieved that freshman him had the courage to follow Steve on Instagram, because his private status would've made Tony have to crawl over to Hammer's phone to see the post, which,
But it does, and when Tony finally lays in his bed that night and pulls out Instagram to see Rogers posted something, he — like every other Marvel High student — studied it like he was preparing for exams.
Steve is chucking off his shoes and jacket, motioning for Tony to do the same. Throughout the process, Barnes glares at the back of Tony's head.
He smiles brightly before rushing off, and the nurse watches him off. Tony clears his throat, and her eyes flick over to him.
“Boy, you're more guaranteed to be in California than I am,” Howard snorts, pouring himself another drink. “Better start saying your goodbyes and drawing up some designs.”
Tony leaves the room before anyone can say more, snatching up his few things and rushing to the door.
He pulls out his phone casually, attempting to calm himself, and Ty does the same, texting mindlessly to someone named Kylie. Tony pulls up his own messages, trying to act like usual, but he can't maintain his tapping foot. Ty's eyes shift to it for a second, but his attention lands back on his phone. Tony takes a deep breath in, and counts in his head until he's interrupted.
Tony winces when he sees a new comment, but when he sees a reply pop up soon after it, he tilts his head, curiously.
The screen loads. Then an animated envelope pops up, with a heart sticker. Sam taps it again, and it opens in a letter.
“Tony,” she breathes sultrily down his neck. Tony shivers. He's not all sure that it's one of pleasure.
It was… Well, after the occasion, Tony had fantasised it as a date multiple times. Steve looked more handsome than ever, and Tony had felt underdressed, even in his Armani suit. They had talked, and, of course, bickered, but it was the type that came inevitably with Tony's and Steve's eruptive personalities. Most of the bickering had led to a lot of laughter and embarrassing snorts from Tony that made Steve's eyes twinkle and his shoulders shake even more. They talked about the most random things, along with strategies and politics — which had always made them bump heads, but Steve
“Hi, Philly,” he sing-songs. Coulson doesn't glance up from his clipboard, as he steadily makes his way to them, tapping each student's shoulder.
“I did,” Steve says, like he’s trying to convince someone. “I swear to God, I did. But it never lasts. Even before you punched Hodge, I didn’t hate you.” He laughs, loud and abrupt. “Who am I trying to kid, I never did, even if it felt like it.”
“Since you questioned me, I feel obliged to ask you some questions myself,” Tony tells the side of Steve's face.
The backroom's door swings open and out storms Bucky Barnes, being held back by a struggling Sam Wilson. Tony takes a step back.
When their lips meet, it's worth all of Tony's agonizing about whether or not he'd ever get to experience this.
When the clock hits two, Steve ducks behind a garbage bin before setting up the retro-reflective curtain that Tony and Bruce made. The material in front of him only has one indication that it's there on the exterior, and it's the tag attached on the corner of it. It reads:
It's a long while before they pull away. Steve's cheeks are red, and his eyes are a glimmering blue, and his lips are even more plump than usual, and Tony,
Standing primly on a small stage at the front of the room is a line of artists, next to some of their comic covers. Tony only barely contains rolling his eyes at a couple of them that are flaunting their covers of the
When he finally reaches his destination, he quietly tries to pull into the lot. Steve still stirs and wakes up when the car is parked.
Bucky grunts as well, but he nods in agreement to the terms. Sam, hesitantly, taps the notification.
“Really? You think he forgot about you? Sorry, man, that just doesn't sound right after you told me that story when you went back to the bakery to his friends,” Rhodey counters skeptically. Tony looks away.
The caption simply says, ‘Didn't know queers had it in them', with no username, and the read receipt says it was posted three hours ago. No one except people who share their 'fanart' actually go on MarvelUs, so considering that there's now literally over a hundred comments of people debating, Tony takes another moment to realize just how much this has affected Marvel High.
Tony hums, turning to the table and shuffling through paperwork that Pepper sent over — yeah, that's a week ago. “
Tony gives a drier smile. “Somehow I don't think your touches are gonna end up with us doing the spanky-spanky.”
“So, Tony. You thought of our best prank against him in seventh grade,” he says, because Tiberius Stone is incapable of letting things go. “Then the one in eighth grade. Then the one in freshman year. And sophomore year. C'mon, you get where I'm going here.”
Steve's cheeks are burning red, and Tony watches as he scans the card with his eyes widening only a bit at the name on the card.
Peter just hopes that by the time he's moved in, Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers are happy. Preferably together.
Steve's eyes widen, an emotion sparking up that Tony barely catches. He clears his throat. “That — That so?”
They last quite a while that way, until they hear a loud cheering noise, emanating from the house. Steve instantly pulls away, face flushed red and pupils blown wide, before shoving his face into Tony’s shoulder. Tony looks past him to see their friends piled on one another to see out the window. Tony gives them the finger, and Barnes easily pulls down his pants to moon them. He disappears to the ground after Sharon and Sam attack him for the visual assault.
It seems that everyone who comes to the Rogers's home for Christmas is a mess. Tony tries not to be too hopeful that the rest of them will notice he's one, too.
Steve looks relieved to move on to a slightly new subject. “Kind of. I really want to pursue painting or commissioned traditional styles of art but… That won't exactly pay the bills when I get older,” he finishes wryly, a twisted smile on his lips.
Mr. Wilson plops down on the mere five inches that's left of the bench Vision and Dr. Banner reside on while Bucky pulls up a chair and sits on it with his arms resting on the back which faces the table.
Tony looks over, and feels his heart tighten at the blue eyes that peer at him, concerned, in the dark.
Peter shakes his head frantically. “No, Mr. Stark, honest, everything's fine with me! I'm just... There's... Things, that I need to know, that he knows a lot about.”
Tony huffs at Rhodey. “Honeybear, it was over — before it even started. Steve Rogers and I were just a fantasy.”
Jarvis stares at him. Then grabs the plate of food behind him and takes a slice of toast off, offering it to Tony. “Take this, at least.”
Half the school doesn't agree with that, though. It was probably one of Rogers's friends, they say — it was teasing. Besides, doesn't he like dressing up as a flag?
But when they get closer Tony furrows his eyebrows at the sight of Ty and Cross laughing, companionably talking to…
Rogers's eyebrows furrow before he looks away, clearly uncomfortable and unsure in the situation. “You’re really drunk.”
Multiple items are thrown at him; Sarah gives one stern order, and all of them go back to opening their presents and looking innocent. Paul just smiles indulgently at Tony. “We were on short notice,” he explains. “I hope it isn’t…”
Ignoring his list of notifications and his accumulation of direct messages, Tony turns his phone off in favor of staring at the ceiling.
So maybe Tony didn't have to worry about that — the rules, and what would happen if people found out that he broke them. But that doesn't take away from the fact that he… he was all over Rogers.
i'm so happy i got this out in time for christmas! i'm not very happy with this chapter, but i really wanted to publish it :) this chapter is definitely the longest, being nearly eight thousand words, but i hope you enjoyed it nonetheless!
Steve clears his throat. When he speaks, it's in a blur of words. “Anyway, Buck says he's here for me, but the only thing he's done since he's got here has been looking all heart-eyed at Natasha which is understandable since they've been dating for two years but have only seen each other maybe ten times — got no idea how they do it, honest — anyway I'm glad for them, really, but it was a relief to be away from all of that
“Like me?” Tony smiles sadly. Steve looks away, and nods. Tony stays silent for a moment, before saying, “I know. You’re all very… good. You’re very decent people. And I know that I don’t need to. But, Steve, please believe me when I tell you that, even though I’ll probably always have some shred of guilt, I also just always gift these types of things. I don’t — To me, this isn’t anything big. I know that sounds so stupid, but I don’t mean to try to — manipulate you all into liking me, or anything — ”
“Uh, yeah, shit, sorry — ” Tony fumbles his black Amex card out, handing it to Steve, who attempts to take it quickly, but their fingers brush, and Tony barely reigns in a gasp.
When tomorrow night at nine o'clock arrives, Happy drops him off at the comic art gallery thingy and Tony feels highly aware of not having a plus one after seeing every other guest filing in with someone on their arm.
Tony determinedly faces him. Seizes onto a different conversation. “You really don't work at Barnes's anymore?”
Tony's really tired. And feeling indifferent is better than feeling anything else. Anything else always hurts.
But it's not a joke. Tiberius has tells and he was staring at his phone while talking and had an eyebrow arched — so it's a warning somehow.
Steve looks like he's about to fall over. Tony can't blame him. He feels a bit like his world is falling apart, too.
have me, and Bruce, Peter, and Viz, but — but we both know you always have room for a different type of connection than any of us have with you. And I —
“No, the wording you're looking for is fuckboy material,” Tony says bluntly. Jarvis frowns, but his eyes are twinkling. “It’s a long story, J. Hanging out with Steve Rogers is just something I can't do.”
Stone sighs from beside Tony, a little smirk on his lips. “We’re afraid we have no idea what you're talking about.”
Paul comes in moments later, and it’s suddenly a flurry of movement. “We do Secret Santa,” Steve explains with a smile. They both settle into sitting with their backs against the couch. “Everyone’s looking for the gift with their name on it, and then we guess who got us.” He leans in conspiratorially. “I got Sam this year.”
When Tony's gone in and out of the kitchen multiple times, he finally gets to sit down. Everyone's staring at him. He frowns.
Peter feels empathy flood his chest. “Mr. Wilson, if it's any consolation, I'll take half the blame.”
Everyone's comfortably settled in and under blankets when Romanoff finally gets to start the movie. Steve turns off the lights, turns on the Christmas tree lights then squishes himself between Barnes and Wilson, who are both shoveling different types of pizza into their mouths. Next to Barnes is Romanoff, who lays with her feet dangling off the edge of the sofa as she eats the triple meat slices contently. Thor is sprawled over the floor with one of the pepperoni pizza boxes next to him and Lang has made some sort of nest for himself to sit in on the armchair while he devours slice after slice. Banner is still sitting cross-legged next to Tony on the loveseat while munching on some cheese pizza. Despite their original argument, they all seem quite enamored by the movie.
He is instead making an expression of the phrase, 'aw, shucks’. “I wish I could help you, but I don't currently have a car.”
“And nurses need them, too!” Sarah argrees through a laugh. “Oh, Tony, I would refuse if I thought you’d take it back.” Tony beams. “Thank you so much for this.”
So they talk. Steve says the name of the wine perfectly, in contrast to last time, and that's what launches a conversation about how Steve discovered how handy an eidetic memory is in linguistics. He stumbles over the fact that the reason he had to learn was because of all those years on the run, but Tony can't find it in himself to care, so he just nudges Steve and tells him to get on with the story. (Steve gives him another one of those bright smiles.) Tony finds himself relaying stories about the languages he knows, and when he talks about his mom teaching him Italian, he doesn't tense or anything. Steve's expression softens a whole lot, and he tries to apologize but the food comes in, and his stomach audibly growls. Tony laughs while Steve turns as red as the armor. Tony tells him so, which leads them to a conversation on the nanotech and the new armors, which then takes them to arguments on each other's best uniforms (c'mon, Rogers, it's the
Mr. Rhodes sighs. “There hasn't been any repulsor noises or any stray shields flying around, so I guess we'll just have to hope they're taking it good.”
“Table for Stark and Rogers,” the woman confirms. “There will be a waiter at your table in just a few. Hope you have a great night, Mr. Stark.”
He feels what seems to be a million pairs of eyes on the side of his head. He's never felt so un-cool. He turns his head to stare at the room head-on, eyebrow arched.
He does. He spends the entirety of the 22nd doing the tests for the few high school courses he needed. They're stupidly easy.
“You want designs?” Tony questions, angry and confused. “Talk to me, Howard, do you want a good pitch for California? 'Cause I'm sorry, but I was trying to live out my last days in the place I was born before I started doing
Steve frowns. “You said there were things you wanted me to know before you 'leave Timely’. What — Why are you leaving Timely?”
“Sharon, Nat, stop, we need to go.” Rogers is urging and Tony could almost laugh in relief if only his eyes weren't prickling again.
“Anyways!” he continues, grinning. “She went back to the world, hooked a job for some engineering firm, and, like she seems to do everywhere, climbed her way up to the top, working for — Holy shit. I know this lady!”
Peter's hugging Stark from behind. “This is so great, Mr. Stark, you're already so happy, I'm so happy for you, and Mr. Rogers, too, you guys are so cute together, Mr. Stark, I swear you two are such a power couple, legends honestly — ”
Paul nodded, relaxing back into his gentle, teddy-bear stance. “No context. He'll understand — his mom taught him well.”
It kinda goes completely relaxed. It's unbelievable. Tony doesn't think he's ever been this comfortable in a room with more than just him and Jarvis, Rhodey, or Pepper.
Wilson but they don't give him anything other than their usual reactions when seeing him. The soccer season is over, the team losing the game into the championship, and Coach is already pressing for training, so Tony, Ty, and Rumlow spend some time running drills in the field with some other guys playing football. Considering that Tony's been on the Varsity team since freshman year, he's most likely going to be captain in the upcoming season for senior year. He doesn't want to go out without a bang — he's gonna have to work hard. All in all, though... Tony didn't see Rogers once all day.
Howard stalks toward him, only pausing when he realizes Jarvis is still here. Like Jarvis doesn't know every single thing that has happened in this house.
“This is unbelievable,” Rhodey mutters. “A month of hearing him freak out about this and he sleeps in.”
Steve blinks, then tugs Tony even closer. “Tony, I was always head over heels infatuated with you. I still am.”
Tony gets stuck on Rogers's blue eyes for a long moment. He feels like he's thirteen again, outside of Sarah Rogers's office, with an enormous crush on the skinny blonde kid.
“Yeah, he was fucking mopin', we tell him we gave you his number, and you don't do a single thing to show any interest in usin' it,” Bucky huffs.
Rhodey calls him twice but Tony declines the call both times. Rhodey tries again later. Tony declines that one, too. Rhodey tries a lot — Tony ignores him.
On Thanksgiving night, Jarvis takes a big dinner to Tony and watches Tony eat, eyeing the dark bags underneath his eyes. Tony tells him to go to Ana, his wife who takes care of the neighbors’ house, but Jarvis simply told him that they don't celebrate Thanksgiving, they're British.
Jarvis hands him his keys. “Sir, I must stress that I'm confused as to why you're deterred from the idea of people knowing that Steve Rogers helped you. Though I remember the stories of him being harassed when he was younger, he now seems… I believe the wording would be
“Howard,” Tony mimics, the same tone and all. He sees the man's knuckles whiten around his tumbler of vodka. Tony feels himself go stiff.
i'm so sorry for the wait, everyone! some personal things have taken over my life, but i'm gonna try to keep writing and editing this! thank you to everyone who continues to give this lil story support :)
because he's kind of a dork underneath all of the grumpy attitudes. Tony still sits next to Steve, who does indeed devour a lot of the ice cream, at a concerning rate. When he catches Tony watching him, his cheeks flame red and he visibly tries to slow down. Tony silently imitates him wolfing it down. Steve turns a darker red and kicks him in the shin. Tony laughs, and Wilson throws half a rice crispy treat at him for "disturbing the movie".
“Where's Carol?” Tony pouts, because her face is much better to see this early in the morning rather than Barnes's.
It's the third Friday evening of his Junior year, he's at Tiberius Stone's house, and Tony's scrolling through his phone when he witnesses the first reaction to when all of it truly started.
There’s a beat, then, that keeps them frozen in place. Tony’s heart pounds, and he could swear that Steve’s was doing the same. It lasts long enough that he lets his eyes fall back down, right as Steve’s tongue nervously wets his lips.
Hammer's staring at Tony. “Are you really gonna let Rogers go a year without a prank when he's just told the whole school he's a queer?”
Rumlow grunts. “What was that whole thing about, anyway? Why'd they come at us then just leave like that?”
“Will you stop that, Bucky? It’s my house, I can have guests over,” Steve snaps at his best friend right as a vaguely familiar voice calls, “Bucky? Is Steve back?”
Tony grins. “Me, too. Y'know I wasn't so happy at first but then the only good thing here found out the extent of my assholeness, and, well…” Tony shrugs. “Everything else isn't worth it.”
There's some peppy pop song playing from the radio in Tony's car while he's driving to the nearest gas station, and he finds it distantly hilarious that he both hates it and sings along. It's playing in a constant tune in his head even as he enters the store and he's humming and muttering incorrect lyrics to it as he beelines to the candy aisle.
It's Monday, now, and… Well, Tony had no doubts about Rogers. He knew Rogers wouldn't have publicly announced that he had to take care of Tony Stark and that Tony Stark was looking at him like he hung the moon and stars the entire night.
, though.” Howard points out. “Beating no good teams but not taking down one of the best makes the former mean jackshit.”
Steve studiously looks away. “Let’s go in. I think some proper introductions are necessary.” Steve brightens then. “Plus, you haven't met Bucky yet! Bucky's the best. You'll love Bucky.”
Tony attempts a graceful spin of his heels, but he kind of just wobbles, and doesn't even end up turning. Whatever. Tony dutifully turns around, smiling wide.
Something takes over Tony's chest, a deep, warming feeling overwhelming his body and mind and he can't help the beam he gives to Steve.
“Best three hours I've spent,” Stone winks. Tony tries to grin back at him; he’s not sure if it works.
He leans a bit forward, head twisted to the two. He smiles, harmlessly, but speaks loudly — speaks quick and with clear intent — he has to make everyone aware that he isn't being friendly, but he also has to make sure he doesn't get too much of a rise out of Romanoff and provoke a reaction like Hammer got.
Tony's eyebrows furrow for a second at the odd reaction, but quickly shrugs it off. He gives his best charming smile. “The history behind that painting.”
“Moving from Timely kinda put everything into perspective. This... Being stupid was starting to look stupid. So that's why I punched out Hodge.” Tony exhales. “And, well... My dad didn't really like that I punched Gilmore Hodge. Or. He didn't really like my reasoning for punching Gilmore Hodge. So, uh.” He throws a fist at his own face. “A third of my face was numb for like a full day.”
When he's back in the car, Happy's sending him a look. “Boss, what were you doing in there? It's been twenty minutes, Miss Potts is gonna gnaw your head off!”
Steve gives Cross a very exaggerated, deliberate once-over. “I think I need someone with a little more… muscle, to pick-me-up.”
, somewhere else like in California or even Brooklyn, and Tony gets to work on his AI tech, away from his dad's name and still successful, and that's enough to pay the bills so that Steve is able to do whatever he wants but is still able to be happy and Tony just knows that he would be happy too and—
The usual little brown bag is set in front of him. “Most likely,” comes Barnes' dry tone. Tony tries to hide his pout.
“Yeah, I'm hoping so,” Tony says quietly. “Definitely hoping so…  Anyways! Wanna play?” He sends a look at the chessboard.
Tony's tentative at first, and he only gently moves his lips against Steve's originally unresponsive ones. But when Steve finally moves his, finding rhythm with Tony's, it's like a dam breaks.
Steve looked up at him, then. “Can I play fetch with him while you get ridiculously amazing presents for my family?”
“Sam, you do know that I always knew who you were talking about?” Steve glances at Sam as he grabs one of Bucky's yogurts as well. Bucky doesn't even muster a reaction.
The room gets quiet. Tony thinks he's missing out on some type of secret language. Steve groans abruptly.
Tony's group is probably the richest, and maybe some of the most well-known, but the rumors revolving around them are...
Tony turns red, but grins. “I don't need a store, Mr. Rogers. I need… Go back inside, I have to go somewhere.”
“Hammer, do you have something you wanna say?” Brock Rumlow asks, his nose scrunched up as he squints at something on his own phone.
Steve waves, a shy thing that makes Tony almost swoon, and DUM-E extends its arm hesitantly. Steve touches its claw lightly before a grin lit up his face and DUM-E chirped louder. They shook hands.
Tony stares at the tweet calling him Rogers's cock-sucking whore. It's from Hodge's little freshman brother. They always start young.
you into, and if the circumstances hadn't had turned out the way they did, we wouldn't have planned a date for you already, but — ”
“I mean, we'll have to buy a lot of paint,” Tony interjects. The other three pairs of eyes spin to him. Tony smirks, and the others laugh, excitement buzzing.
, because even if Tony is moving to California, he doesn't want to leave Rogers thinking Tony was a stalker.
you and I, I just complicated everything for no reason, aside from thinking that there was no way in hell that Steve Rogers would give me a second’s thought.”
“Mr. Stark's second match is with Riley Chapman. A transman aged thirty-two who lives in Harlem, New York City. He's... An adventurer. He works for the
made it just in time!! just so you know, we've gotten through the angst and are now officially in the fluff chapters of this story!
“Thanks. It's actually my dad's old uniform,” he explains. “It’s a bit too tight across the chest, but it works.”
...wrapped in a rainbow flag, smiling wide, his eyes peculiarly flashing, and Tony realizes he's wearing eyeliner. His broad, wide shoulders are draped in the flag, his shirt says 'GAY IS NOT OKAY (it's fabulous)', and his blue eyes and beaming grin electrify Tony as he stares right into the camera.
Peter's own head flies up. “No! No, Mr. Stark, no — I. I'm comfortably heterosexual, I was just. Y'know. Smalltalk.”
Tony winces at the memory, however. He still remembers how he had instantly told Jarvis everything he knew about Steve Rogers that day after school. And then the next day. And the day after that. And the next. Tony thinks he might've continued to do so until he was in freshman year and realized it was getting a tad weird.
Rumlow shoves Cross away from him, jumping back into the conversation. “Yeah! What's it gonna be this year, Stark?”
, but that night added a bit of perspective. Tony always distantly notes that that was three hours of happiness in a rather gloomy part of his life.
now, remember?” Tony rolls his eyes. “Anyways, I honestly despise the weapons business and I'm not an enormous fan of the current military climate — or any military climate ever. I'd rather be initiating innovation in a different type of technology.”
Despite blushing again, Rogers then shifts. He almost looks guilty. “Oh! Well — Yeah, I mean — I saw you earlier tonight. With your… guest. Do you — What the heck am I doing, oh my God — Do you have a ride home?”
“What did you just say?” Ty asks, incredulously. “No — You know what, I'm just gonna ignore it, Tony, walk over this freak — ”
“It’s, uh,” he stammers. “Well, I — T'Challa really wanted me to come, so I did, but I felt really bad that I wasn't giving candy out tonight to little kids, so I got some candy just in case I ran into a kid. And you… Well, chocolate makes you feel better. Scientifically proven.”
Exhaling deeply, Tony shuffles out to the living room. Steve stands at his arrival. Barnes pulls his best friend down as Tony furrows his eyebrows at the blonde. Barnes rolls his eyes as Steve covers his face with his hands.
“Unofficially called a StarkStudy,” Tony says quietly. “For college students.” Sharon looks like she wants to cry.
“Hey, Rogers,” he calls. “Your little hair highlights suit you — look like the little fairy you are.”
“When are we gonna do that prank, Tony?” Cross asks curiously, and Tony feels anxiety rise in his stomach.
Tony plops his butt down on one of the more comfy chairs in his father's office lobby. “He's gonna forget that he's supposed to take me home.”
The four teens swivel around to see a short, beautiful woman in the doorway to the living room, feet in socks, and a tired expression. She looks like the female equivalent of how Steve would look during winter in the years prior to his muscle gain - she looks exactly like Tony remembered her. Romanoff straightens.
“Sorry,” the person blurts, and Tony looks up, surprised, because that was completely his fault and high school students aren't exactly known for impeccable manners.
Steve laughs, loud and bright, and Sam is taken aback. In the five years he's known Steve, he's never heard the laugh so happy.
“Right up, Tony,” Steve hums, gliding over to the coffee machine behind him. He spins, his fitting jeans tight to his —
Wilson's still removing his winter clothes when the next person, Scott Lang, comes in. He only arches an eyebrow while grinning at Tony before heading to the kitchen to scour for food. He's closely followed by Bruce Banner, who wearily greets Tony then starts questioning Wilson about something regarding birds, which Wilson eagerly jumps on the topic of, and they disappear in the living room where Barnes and Romanoff are most likely making out. By the following shrieks, they almost definitely were.
Tony's eyes snap away and land on some guys from his dad's golf club in the back. He nods, stalking over.
Then Rogers turns on him, determination etched into his features. “But you should really be getting home. It could be dangerous out here.”
As the four stand around smugly, Tony imagines the best approach to gently let down his blind date tomorrow night.
Vision takes Peter's phone in his own hands. “There is only one course to retrieve that insight, James.”
Rogers takes his silence as confirmation of his statement. He sighs, looking away for a moment. Tony just stands there.
Tony gives a quick smile. As they lead him to his date's table, Tony tugs on his suit sleeve. This guy is well-known, likes
“Hap, ignore what I just said to Pepper and take me to the nearest place that sells extreme amounts of caffeine,” Tony orders, sliding his sunglasses on.
Because Steve Rogers. Because Steve Rogers is standing there, in a stupidly tight, army camo button down and army green pants, with a sealed water bottle in one hand and is clasping the wall in the other. Because Steve Rogers's body language is screaming uncomfortable. Because Steve Rogers is staring at Tony Stark.
“You got the engineering and science geeks perfectly,” Steve murmurs, though his eyes are wide as he stares at Scott’s and Bruce’s gifts.
Now Tony faces all four sets of puppy eyes, and he groans. He turns away, walking around the table to plop into one of his comfy chairs. He crosses his arms. Opens his mouth. Closes his mouth. Scowls. Pouts. Frowns.
“Don't disappoint, Stark!” Sam repeats. Bucky smiles a bit, then turns stern again when he realizes Tony's still staring at him.
Tony sees his mom speaking furtively to Jarvis, who, with reluctance in his every movement, leaves the room. His mom rears back to the situation at hand.
Steve shutters. “Gee, I'm sorry, what was I thinking, you've probably got… Parties and — and other things to do, I'm sorry — ”
The woman waves him off. “Mr. Stark is tough, but he recognizes a good worker. You still have the job because you're a good worker.” Her voice has a strong accent that Tony's heard from somewhere before.
They’d just gotten out of a soccer match, laughing about something stupid, all sweaty and sticky, heading to the gym to take showers before the school day starts, when Hammer is pushed to the school wall.
The last thing Tony hears before he goes into the kitchen is Steve saying, “Must be something genetic.”
Tony looks down at his candy. When he looks back up, Steve's already looking at him, wide-eyed. The memory of Halloween night seems to blanket the air around them.
Tony's head shoots up. He shifts. “Do — Do we, uh. Do you need to talk to someone, Peter?” Shit. He does not want to have this conversation with the kid. “'Cause Bruce is just across the hall.” That's much better.
dating app! It has a widespread questionnaire that literally questions your every decision and need and gives you honest people and results!”
Natasha's sprung up and is basically forcing him to the floor one space away from the couch. “You’re gonna sleep here, Tony.”
He advances on her, arm raised, and Tony's starting to lurch forward in front of Romanoff when Rumlow's elbow is suddenly jerked back, and he stumbles forward from the unexpected drawback.
The screen is a video of someone's Snapchat story. It's Cross's, but it's Rumlow who's explaining that he heard that Tony would be leaving Timely. The caption reads, "Stark's leaving Marvel High lmao weak ass sissy".
“HAPPY FUCKING HALLOWEEN!” Rumlow shouts as soon as he enters the house. Nobody even glances his way even as they respond uproariously. Ty laughs.
skilled. But in reality for Tony and his friends is that Ty hasn't actually been to all of the continents. He's only been to Europe besides North America. And Rumlow hasn't been in an orgy — he had penetrative sex for the first time just three months ago. Cross doesn't have a million dollar company waiting for him — he's just interning at a really successful company because of his mom's connections. And Hammer —
“You can,” Peter says, so quick that it's almost instinctive. He flushes, but doesn't back down. “I — Mr. Stark, you can do
Nearly a month and a half has passed since Steve Rogers came out as gay via Instagram, and things have relatively calmed down, considering a good amount of the school has somehow gotten touched by one of the Infected. Still, Rogers is largely avoided, or purposefully ignored.
Ty sends Tony a Look when they get to their seats, then nods to some empty seats next to Rumlow at the end of the 'R' row. Tony, despite himself, can't help but feel disappointed. He shrugs, standing.
Rogers spins in his seat, eyes determinedly forward while a good portion of class still snickers away. Tony frowns instantly, despite his attempts to not, because that's the polar opposite of how he thought I-fight-guys-one-hundred-pounds-heavier-than-me Steve Rogers would react. Wilson makes a move up, but Rogers clasps his wrist to keep him down, right when Rumlow walks into the room.
Tony’s layers a twisted smile on his face. “I’m leaving by New Year’s, and I’ve still got some strings to tie up.” Like sitting in the bathtub for the next five days. “It’s been really awesome, guys.”
“Uh. Well, generally, I like clean shaven, but I don't mind the occasional gruffy look. Weird question, Parker.”
Peter makes a show of clicking a button on his phone screen, and Tony's eyebrows raise even higher. Peter smirks wider.
Nat sighs. “That was just sad. Anyway, if/when you do find someone, are you still going to have this whole 'I miss Mhmm Mhmhm' beard, or are you gonna go back to the clean, not-a-hobo look?”
“I’m right here, Stevie,” Sarah interrupts, all cuddled up in a robe and her pajamas and a cup of coffee, and it fits the parent-on-Christmas-morning bill so perfectly that Tony aches for a life that he didn’t have. Steve grins at his mother. “Once Paul comes in, we’ll start opening.”
Steve Rogers is whispering hurriedly with Sam Wilson, who's bent in half over his chair, listening raptly. When Rogers's quick moving lips finally pause, Wilson blurts something that makes Rogers's cheeks bloom red. Tony's heart beats faster.
“Oh, well… Thank you,” he says, somewhat awkwardly. The woman, subtly eyeing him, walks away. Tony blinks again. He inhales, looking over at the table again.
Tony blinks at that, but none of the other men in the car provide an answer, all staring out the windows anxiously. He sighs as Peter starts straightening Tony's cuffs for him.
But Steve loses his beautiful blush, loses the smile. His lips even turn down a bit at the corners. Concentrated, he speaks slowly, “What is it, Tony?”
“It does matter,” Thor assures suddenly and he's looking at Tony with sincerity and compelling strength. Tony smiles a bit.
Tony sighs. “It wasn't just — Look, he was... relatively fine with me punching Hodge for you, he just wasn't fine with the fact that... I had told him later that...”
In the morning, there are pictures of him shirtless and chugging a keg on MarvelUs.com, and the comments are exploding with appreciative remarks and phone numbers.
Steve Rogers, if you're reading this, reply with how you feel about someone anonymously sharing this!
“And I'm really scared and tired and for once in my life, I don't want to leave Timely,” Tony says. Rhodey stares at him for a moment before wrapping him up in a tight embrace. Tony melts into it.
The nurse raises an eyebrow, but she still has a nice smile and soft eyes. “Hello. And who is your guardian?”
The walls are shelved with his inventions. Despite being born into Stark Arms or even "Stark Industries", Tony has always known his mind belongs to something more than weapons. He feels more born to innovation.
Thoughts of Rogers doing that with someone echoes in the back of Tony's mind for the majority of the night, even when he's a bit delirious off of alcohol. It's kinda stupid and at the same time sad and pathetic.
magazine and is one of the most anticipated stories in each issue because of his recklessness. Red checkmark included,
Steve’s breathing escalates, but he’s going now, and there’s no going back. “I thought — I thought you were gorgeous, and stunning, and you seemed funny, and so
“DUM-E,” Tony calls, spinning in his chair and pointing at the pile of scraps which fell apart for the fifteenth time a few days ago. “I will put you back together again. I swear. One day, you'll function.”
“Said that out loud, Stevie,” Bucky says as he enters the room. Steve frowns harder, eyebrows furrowing, as Sam groans.
. Happy that it was the holidays, for the first time since he was seven years old and his parents decided that he old enough to open presents by himself.
listened to us? You know him, Nat! He's gonna get excited looking at these names, and find someone he likes, then think about Mhmm Mhmhm and then suddenly think that this FlickLove thing was a stupid idea, and that can't happen, 'cause I spent all my StarkBucks that I earned through taking surveys for three years straight just to buy the membership for the app!”
Tony's — Tony doesn't know what to say. Most of the time, he can get away from this. Tony's thing is that he talks fast, he throws mixtures of insults in, and it makes people pause and try to keep up, but most of the time they can't, but when they do, one of the others are already jumping on them with brass, idiotic insults. Tony talks fast, throws money, and he watches.
When he's finally in the fresh air, and the pulsing music of the party is left behind him, Tony throws up in M'Baku's shrubbery.
Hammer glances at him, weary, then clears his throat, and is suddenly back to being very smug and happy. “Have you guys seen what Steve Rogers posted on Instagram?”
“...And the caption says, “I guess that 'admiration' finally makes sense. It's not pride time, but I'm proud to be me. #lgbt #lgbtpride”,” Hammer finishes, pretending to vomit.
“Oh, but you were so elated to talk all about him,” Jarvis teases dryly, dropping the pretense of being anything other than nosy. Hmph.
Natasha Romanoff peers down her nose at them, intrigued, with Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes behind her, ordering something at the counter.
And that makes Bucky stop his huffing and puffing. Sam sighs, looking down, and Clint sets his stuff down before going into the backroom. Tony swallows, dryly.
Wilson actually cracks a smile at that. “Oh, no doubt. But I'd like to get a bit of a punch in there.”
okay so to everyone worried about tony having a good redemption arc, is this a good start? like i'm kinda reaching for this im1 vibe where he's a piece of shit and then he does a full 180 and everyone's just like :0 bc pre-im1 tony is like first eight chapters of this tony
Tony clutches harder at Steve while Steve's arms wrap around Tony's waist, their lips still in a tight lock. Steve grips Tony like a lifeline and Tony smiles into the kiss. Steve, soon, laughs into it, breathlessly.
Tony, despite everything in him contradictory, feels a bit of his confidence chip away. He makes a note to push the boys harder next year. Outwardly, he shrugs.
The guy looks up at his voice, though, and his eyes widen. Tony squints at the name tag and mentally ah's — Clint is Natasha's best friend, who apparently took Steve's place.
“You also mentioned my size then,” Steve says, grinning. “You said that you wanted to feed me or something when I was skinny.”
Colliding at the door, Steve kisses him again. “You’re terrible, Tony Stark,” he declares, pulling away.
“Tell him we're not watching one of his magic tricks,” Ty mutters to Tony, and Tony gives him an amused look, before looking back to Strange.
“Never better,” Tony says immediately. He doesn't have to look at Jarvis to know what look he's giving him. He sighs. “Frustrated.”
(On Snapchat later that night, Natasha Romanoff has a picture of her kissing Barnes's cheek. It's simply captioned: “
Steve comes back, a barely held together black book clutched in his hands. His eyebrows pinch together as he flips through the pages, finally landing on one that he deems to be okay enough to show Tony.
Tony flails. “No idea! I'm kind of a coward in every single aspect of the word. Like. There are some things you'd gasp at. I'm a coward.”
It's the second night of break and Jarvis is cleaning the counters. Tony shows him another one. He frowns, disapprovingly.
On the screen, the school blog — MarvelUs.com — is filling up with comments underneath the post an anonymous user made.
There's five boxes of pizza stacked on the table, including a cheese, supreme, triple meat, and two pepperonis. Thor's already eating a slice. He smiles at Tony through cheese. Tony huffs out a laugh.
Barnes frowns at Steve. “I know who he is.” Barnes frowns at Tony. “If Stevie wasn't here, I'd sock you in the jaw.”
A weapons company, working with the government, and turning their measly millions-a-year intake into something nearing… Nearing
“It’s Heather,” the girl whines into his ear as they disappear upstairs. Tony blinks at their backs.
It's later, and Steve looks at Tony, and Tony stares at him right back. They're right in front of Central Park, but it's so late, and although the cars are still hurtling by, it seems that Manhattan is taking a little break.
Steve frowns. “I’m not being a — Never mind that. Tony, you don't have to tell them anything, okay?”
M'Baku lives in a rich neighborhood like most people Tony hangs out with — not that Tony's ever talked to M'Baku regularly, but the majority of Tony's acquaintances aren't exactly straining to make ends meet. With that in mind, there's a few things to know about these types of neighborhood — one being that, as long as you either have soundproof walls or that you don't cross that volume level of 75, trespass, or vandalize their homes, these people don't give a fuck about what you're doing on your own time. So sixteen-year-old Tony Stark, even being known state-wide, stumbling down the sidewalks in front of their houses that are yards upon yards away considering their fountains and driveways, obviously drunk, shouldn't prompt any attention.
Steve smiles before rolling out and throwing his shield at the nearest one, dropping them like a sack of rocks.
Steve leans against the counter. He's doing his Steve Is Very Disappointed In You look, and the three other people in the room sink in their seats.
Tony grins, pleased. “Come on. Do you only draw dragons? Don't you have a sketchbook on you or something?”
Tony wishes he could tell him that he probably most definitely won't, but that doesn't fit in the whole 'Tony Stark thing' he's got going. “I promise I won't laugh too hard.”
