“It’s my fault….” It came out as a whimper.
“That was so cool!” Peter exclaimed, pumping both fists into the air.
“Wait, I thought you had classes like that at the orphanage,” Tony stated.
Kat rolled her eyes and let the door close behind her. She made her way up to her room where she turned on her radio and pulled a book off her shelf to read until dinner. She was halfway into the first chapter of Fig Pudding when she was interrupted by a knock on her door. She bookmarked her page, turned down her music, and opened the door. Peter was on the other side.
“I don’t think Wade would enjoy being compared to a big, green… Hulk – even if he is really cool.”
Peter was perched on the wall of a building opposite of the tower. He didn’t know what was happening. All he could see was his parents’ backs. He watched as they suddenly ran forward, and then as Loki appeared where they had been standing. Kat was in his arms, obviously unconscious. Peter felt anger begin to make its course through his veins. How dare that man – god, whatever – even lay a finger on his sister! His heart stopped for a moment when Loki dropped Kat over the side of the building.
Tony was supposed to be avoiding him. Right? They hadn't made contact, even though Steve had tried, had sent the letter and the phone. Tony never called. Never wrote back. Not even to tell Steve off, which he would've been fine with. And he'd been here several times within the past year, so why was Tony here now?
“Hey, Papa. Did we win?”
Peter put his arm around his sister, “I love it. Wade’s doing better, I heard.”
Clint stared only another second before running out of the room. Steve took a deep breath and then started to work with the computers again. The comm in his ear buzzed to life.
“Don’t get me wrong, I love the tights,” Tony rumbled, voice lower than Steve had ever heard, making his knees week, “but I want to peel them off you.”
It worked, and Tony opened up easily. “I actually got a lot done last week. Usually, I’m rushing and fighting with Richards to get off my ass. But, well, I mean, you know I was… being weird, so.” Steve just smiled at him, encouraging Tony to continue. He wasn’t really upset about it anymore. Tony smiled back and continued. “Well, I was in my classroom or office all the time, so I had a little more time, and I was keeping myself occupied so. I actually finished everything on time. Richards was impressed. T’Challa won’t call me into his office this year to tell me I have to stop getting Reed’s blood pressure up.”
He knocked solidly on the wall between his apartment and Bucky and Sam’s. He set the pizzas up on the coffee table and pulled up Netflix as he waited for them to let themselves in. The door opened soon enough, and Steve was looking at another assignment on his laptop as Bucky approached, ruffling Steve’s hair before flopping down on the couch next to him.
Tony crossed his arms again, “And you think this has something to do with me?”
He was more surprised as Steve continued to lean in, pressing his lips against Tony’s. Tony only hesitated for half a moment before closing his eyes and kissing back. Distantly he hoped they wouldn’t both get a call from T’Challa about workplace indecency, but Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders… and Tony couldn’t find it in himself to care anymore.
“You’re all red, Steve,” Tony murmured, voice still sinfully low. “Are you going to make it?”
“Peter! You should have told us sooner!” Tony said, swabbing the area of the bite.
“Pop….”
Steve’s mind raced as he watched Tony undo his belt, slowly sliding it through the loops. Any nerves Tony might’ve had before seemed to have evaporated, leaving this confident,
“Oh, baby doll…” Steve breathed into Kat’s hair.
The Hydra agents stalked in and pointed their weapons at the pair. The shortest one spoke first.
Steve just cupped his cheek and pulled him down to kiss him gently. “Will you come get coffee with me this weekend?” He never wanted Tony to stop.
Steve made the explanation, “Kat, we are taking a break for two weeks because we all have been working ourselves too hard. You need to do the same. You’re hurting yourself! If we had known sooner, we would have intervened sooner!”
“JARVIS, please bring up all of the ‘Sherlock’ holiday specials. I finally have time to watch them.”
"I sent you a secure phone."
Doreen and Riri were already in the lab when he arrived, working on their duo project. They barely glanced up at him as he set up at the desk in front of the room, which was just fine. It gave him a moment to pull himself together. However, when he looked back up from organizing his papers and setting up his laptop, both ladies were looking at him. It would’ve been fine, if maybe they needed help or something, but Riri looked smug and Doreen was grinning at him. He looked back and forth between them as they both continued to say nothing.
“For what?”
A tear slipped as Tony pressed their foreheads together, and then another when he leaned in and put a gentle kiss on the corner of Steve's lips.
He could feel Rhodey’s eye roll, but could also hear his smile, “You mean to celebrate when he says yes.”
First Bucky, and now M.J. It was almost laughable. Was he really that obvious, even here at school? “You know that I don’t think this is an appropriate conversation for us to have.”
“He… said he had a class to teach, and then left the room.”
Kat blushed, “Well, I understand. But I meant that it meant a lot because it’s of you.”
As soon as he felt Kat’s body go weightless, Loki let go of her throat and pulled her up in her arms to hold her bridal style. That set Steve and Tony off. They rushed forward. They had no plan. No course of action in mind. They just needed to be where Kat was. But Kat wasn’t there. She and Loki had vanished into thin air. They spun around and saw Loki standing by the edge of the roof, Kat still in his arms. He smiled at Steve and Tony.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
“I’ll be on the ground with Natasha and Bruce. I suspect that the Asgardians will help us if we can snap them out of it. Let’s go!”
“Just sketching, today,” M.J. answered, still sketching. A small smirk appeared as she switched her focus from the drawing up to Steve. “Working on figures.”
For the past two months Steve and Tony had been spending time at the orphanage visiting Peter and Kat, or had taken them out someplace to hang out and bond. The twins had even visited the Tower, where they would be living. They had visited a few schools, meeting teachers and checking out the campuses. They decided on Elanor Roosevelt High School and would enroll for their sophomore year.
Tony moved over to sit on the bed, facing Steve. "Six hospital visits in the past year. Each within a month or two of each other.
Kat smiled, shyly, “Thank you, Director Fury. From both me and Daddy, um, Dad.”
“Yes! I’m not going to break as soon as I walk into my first fight. I’m perfectly capable of handling myself!”
Steve started to shake, his breath trembling as it passed his lips. God. God, how? How could Tony forgive him for all that had happened, that Steve had caused? More tears slipped as he felt his walls crumbling and his chest warming.
Everyone else was working on research. They were coming close. It was a level power that closely resembled that of the tesseract. But the tesseract was still somewhere on earth, and the signals being received were from outside of Earth’s atmosphere. Thor was personally suspicious that Loki was up to something – he loved his brother, but he couldn’t deny that Loki could not be classified as a “good guy”. The Avengers took a break from their surveillance to watch Kat and Tony demonstrate the new Iron Woman suit.
“She’s a beautiful girl, Stark. It’s a shame she’ll have expired.”
This time, though, he didn’t bring an alien race from the depths of space. He had with him a score of brainwashed Asgardian warriors. Everyone rushed to prepare for the battle that was about to begin. Kat was putting her helmet on when Steve ran up to her and pulled her into his snug embrace.
“I have reviewed Kat’s abilities,” Fury began. “I am not impressed.”
Tony chuckled, “Touché.”
?” Tony tried his hardest, but he legitimately could not take his eyes off Steve’s thighs. The print on the tights was hideous, and Tony felt his cheeks flush at how crazy it made him feel that he was
Steve chuckled and poured himself a bowl of cereal. He sat next to Kat for a bit while they both ate. Steve finished his cereal first.
The two pairs just stared at each other for a moment before Steve noticed Kat’s sketchbook and decided that it would be a good ice-breaker.
Laughter bubbled up out of Steve as he headed around to the front of the camera, “Careful. I might just use that for next week.” He checked the note he’d made for himself on the corner of the whiteboard about where to start the music, and fast-forwarded through the song.
Steve nodded.
“Uncle Thor?” Kat called into her comm.
“That’s good. Anything from Pietro and Wanda?”
Steve couldn’t continue. He buried his face in Kat’s shoulder and just held her. Kat held her Papa tightly. She felt tears in her own eyes. She felt almost guilty. But she waited patiently.
“Papa?” Kat asked.
They turned on the radio and listened to some oldies music while waiting for traffic to move.
“Just water is fine, thanks,” Tony answered, his hands tucked into his pockets. His fingers were still visible, tapping against his thigh, even hidden in his slacks.
Kat handed Steve the book and he and Tony looked through it, and especially over the last two. Tony was the first to say something.
Wanda suddenly started screaming for their attention. She was lifting rubble away to reveal a familiar red, white, and blue shield. Sam and Clint hurried to assist her. The shield was covering Steve's head and most of his torso. His legs were both twisted at odd angles, but his head seemed to be mostly fine; a couple scratches. As they uncovered more of him, they found his arm twisted painfully behind his back. But he was breathing. Thank God, he was breathing.
“Become an Avenger. I mean, yeah, it’s rewarding in its own way. But I don’t want you to get into this and not be ready for it or willing after your first fight.”
“’Kay, Pop.”
Steve kissed his daughter on her forehead, poured a cup of coffee, and went back to his bedroom to wake up Tony and get ready to leave. Kat waited a bit and went up to her room and grabbed her sketchbook before going back to the kitchen to pour herself a cup of coffee and sit at the island. She looked over her sketches from the past year. She'd drawn everyone on the team, and even Maria and Fury. She compared them to some of her earlier drawings, and saw how much more detain she'd been able to put into her recent drawings because of all her time spent with the Avengers.
“Unfortunately, I have to go supervise a lab period,” he said, having missed most of Steve’s question. “See you around. Bye.” He rushed out of the room, and down the hall. He glanced at his watch, relaxing a little as he realized he’d make it to class on time.
“I love you, Kat. And I am scared to let you be a part of this team. Tony is scared. Peter is scared. Tony and I are still scared for Peter sometimes! Well, all the time. I just... I need you to promise me something.”
"I forgive you," Tony murmured.
"T... Tony?" he murmured.
Steve faced the horizon. The sun was coming up, making the sky turn red. He took a deep breath and deliberately didn't look down, focusing his eyes on the clouds.
“Stevie, just ask him out,” Bucky sighed, when Steve talked to him about it. “Just ask him! He probably thinks you don’t actually like him anymore.”
Steve made his way into the office to set up the backdrop and camera. It was the only room in the apartment with wood flooring, so it was ideal for his workout mats. Right next to the desk, on which his camera was propped, he set up his freestanding whiteboard and wrote out the workout he’d decided on. He tried to switch it up week to week, moving around the focus, or at least mixing around the order. Eventually, he would probably run out of combinations and have to adapt his genre. Maybe he could do different decades of workout fads. Or maybe he would keep the 80s aesthetic. He did like that best.
Peter's eyes went wide and he made a "cut" motion with his hand when Kat turned to stare incredulously at Steve.
Steve’s head jerked up, “Kat….”
“You should be Iron Woman.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve rushed forward and wrapped his arms around her.
“Oh.” It was Steve’s turn to blush. “Sorry.”
when he does.”
“I play cello, and Peter plays electric guitar. You wouldn’t believe the kind of stuff he’s got it wired to be able to play!”
Fuck, not Sam. He didn't respond.
Tony turned to Peter, “Were you injected with anything, Peter?”
“That’s awesome!” Tony exclaimed. “You have to show me!”
“It seemed like it would’ve been close enough to the radioactive material to be affected. Maybe it passed it to you through venom when it bit you!”
No one on the room could help smiling at Peter’s reaction, but Tony sobered up quickly.
"Yeah," Kat said hesitantly. "Is that a bad thing?"
Silence filled the room, and a small part of Steve was endlessly pleased that he’d made Tony Stark speechless. Steve turned his head to grin up at him, almost giggling despite the electric tension hanging in the air. Slowly, Steve sat up, his legs crisscrossed and his back straight. Tony took a couple measured steps out from behind the desk, his arms crossed tightly over his chest. Steve was pleased to note that wasn’t the only thing tightening on Tony’s person.
1, 2, 3, shoot. Tony paper, Steve scissors.
She said it so calmly, so simply. So impassively. It brought hot tears to Steve’s eyes. How dare she. How dare she. She couldn’t just blow it all off like that. Her wrist and ankle were in casts. She was literally covered in gauze. She’d been thrown off a building for Christ’s sake! And all she did was sit there calmly and ask dumb questions!
Tony finally broke the silence, “Well, the first thing we’re doing when we get you home is catching up on NCIS. I don’t think any of us have had time to watch this, or last year’s seasons.”
Kat shrugged, “I don’t know. Chill, I guess. I don’t really have anything I have to do now that it’s summer.”
The first week was a little nerve wracking. He’d done his research on the institution before applying, but Steve had a wealth of experience in taking jobs out of desperation. Often, he ended up hating the job, either due to rude coworkers or management. But Dr. T’Challa, the principal, was very kind and seemed mostly amused by Steve’s video series. They agreed that it wasn’t harmful, and might be motivating if found. Everyone else on staff was welcoming, and Steve found himself drawn especially to one engineering professor, Dr. Tony Stark.
Oh, fuck.
“He said that there was nothing special about me. That I was only allowed to join the Avengers because you all felt sorry for me. That Daddy made me a suit because he had to since I have no powers.”
End of Stark-Rogers Superfamily
Peter shrugged, “It was mostly one-on-one with tutors or our supervisors. And it was mostly by the book. We didn’t do many hands-on project type things like they do in public schools.”
Steve understood, he really did. But it made job hunting more frustrating than he thought it really needed to be. He was a physical activities teacher, what was wrong with making workout videos? It wasn’t as if he was using them to teach his class. They might even inspire his students to do some working out on their own if they found them. But whatever. He kept sending out applications, and eventually he heard back from the Borough of Manhattan Community College. It was close enough to his apartment in Manhattan and his Ma’s place in Brooklyn, and they seemed to not mind his little side gig. So, of course, Steve took the job before they could change their minds!
Did he actually need to film the last few minutes of this episode? No. Did Tony know that? Also no. But at some point during the week, Tony had let slip that he liked how Steve could lift his foot up above his head as far as he did. Steve couldn’t let such a golden opportunity go to waste.
Natasha was the first to hug Kat, congratulating the girl on her graduation. Bruce was next, hugging her and petting her hair. She grabbed Clint and squeezed him, telling him that he had made it obvious that something was up. Kat hugged Thor, and he picked her up and swung her around. Kat gave Peter and Steve each a huge hug, thanking them both for letting this happen and not being too overprotective. She hugged Tony last, thanking him for giving her this opportunity.
Peter took a moment to consider what he’d just done. And looked around him at the people who were gawking at him. He turned back to his sister.
Tony let go, “Good. Have a good day.”
“Are you alright?”
“Peter,” Kat interrupted, “it’s fine. It is actually really cool being here. I love seeing all the designs for the machines and all the chemical reactions have been amazing. I know I don’t understand a lot of it, but it’s cool to see. And I’m just glad to be out here with you.”
“I don’t have any powers,” Tony said. “I have a suit. I don’t see the difference.”
“Not resemble anymore.”
Homemade, 80s-style, aerobic workout videos were not at all what Tony had been expecting. But there they were, featuring BMCC’s very own Mr. Rogers – in gaudy leggings, a leotard, a skin-tight crop top, and, damn him, a bright pink sweatband – doing stretches and exercises that certainly didn’t leave much to Tony’s imagination. Or much question to whether he might be queer. The leggings, really, were what gave him away, Tony had thought. Tony also tended to think about how far he was able to spread his legs. It was truly insane, how flexible Steve was.
"Peter, why didn't you tell her?" Steve scolded.
“Only by a few minutes!”
Tony brushed his fingers through Steve's hair and gave his hand a small squeeze before standing.
The workout was fairly easy for him, as he went through the warmup, the workout, and then the cool down stretches. After he finished, he sat on the floor and folded one leg close to his body. He held his other foot, and lifted it above his head, fully straightening out his leg. He switched legs, stretching the other the same sway, and grinned, winking at the camera, as always.
“How did we do that?”
“And how would you know, huh? You ever met him?”
Of course, much more happened besides just returning the thermos, Steve mused, smiling to himself. Never in a million years would he have guessed Tony was avoiding him because he was embarrassed about watching Steve’s videos. It was actually… kind of flattering.
Steve frowned in confusion, "I thought you weren't going to show it yet?"
Kat took a deep breath and let it out, “I suppose. I’ve heard nasty rumors, but I don’t think it’ll be so bad. A lot of things people hear rumors about aren’t as bad as people say they are.”
“Hey, I didn’t ask in the elevator up, you should be impressed.”
Kat ran forward again. She managed to get one hit in before Loki ripped off her helmet and threw her back onto the roof.
They'd sent an untraceable Wakandan aircraft the next day to pick up Tony, and he was on his way. He landed in the kingdom a few hours later and walked out to meet T'Challa and Sam. They'd shaken his hand and then led him down to the medical bay. They led him to Steve's room and let him go in on his own. The other man was sleeping, so Tony took time to look him over.
“Good morning.” Her voice was scratchy, but she was glad to use it.
Upon entering the lab, Kat’s eyes blew up to the size of sinner plates.
“These are very good, Kat. I love the detail.”
Steve frowned, “I would prefer it you wouldn’t think of us that way. I mean, we’re here looking to adopt and I don’t want my future children thinking of us like celebrities.”
"Which one of you takes the walk to death?"
Until the alarms started going off.
Tony didn’t – couldn’t – look up from the coffee pot, which was still not full for some reason, damn it.
“I get it now,” Tony chirped. “You’ll have a lot of fun in science, then, Peter. They do all sorts of projects and experiments.”
Clint shoved back, making Steve stop. "Cap-"
Tony pouted, stalling, “Why’s something have to be wrong, Platypus? Can’t I just call my best friend on my day off?”
He cleared his throat. "I'm still gonna keep an eye on you, so don't do anything stupid. Or I'll have to come back here and kick your ass," he tried to joke, half smiling.
Kat thought a moment before answering, “It’s fine around my hips and chest. But I would love somewhere to let my hair out. It’s sticking to my neck and chafing.”
"What date?" Kat asked, spinning back around.
The gunshot rang out. Steve barely registered the feel of a bullet through his skull before everything went black and his limp body fell from the cliff.
Bruce was next, he held her tightly, “Have fun, Kat. Take care of yourself. It’ll be fun.”
“Peter, too?”
Kat groaned, “I’ve wanted to see that forever.”
"Stevie, I'm sorry. But I need to get back before they think something really weird is happening."
“I’m not gonna pressure you into anything,” he assured, even though Tony seemed very interested. “If it’s too soon, I completely understand. But I’m not against- hmf!”
“Peter saved my life!”
Kat grinned in return, “Yes!”
"Go!"
“We’ll check on you later,” Tony promised before they left.
“Why aren’t you in it?” Tony furrowed his brow.
Kat raised her head, showing off a huge smile. Peter rushed forward and pulled her into a hug. Kat hugged back and laughed into Peter’s shoulder. Tony was the next to hug her, saying he was proud before Steve grabbed her and lifted her into the air – suit and all.
“Thursday and Friday.”
Tony took a deep breath as he rode in the back of the private plane. He'd gotten a phone call from Sam about Steve. Before, he wouldn't have wanted to listen. Whatever they were doing wasn't any of his business. He was keeping Ross away from them, and calling him was endangering them. But he'd been keeping an eye on them after the first big fight they'd had where Steve and Clint had ended up hospitalized. This was the sixth time Steve had ended up with major injuries - not to mention the times he'd been forced to go to medical for the small things. Tony had been silent for a moment before agreeing to go see Steve.
“Whatever radiation Peter was exposed to has affected him at a molecular level. He’s now stronger and more agile – kind of like Steve after the serum injection, just on a smaller scale.”
“Are you okay, Kat?” Kat just stared wide-eyed at her brother. “Kat?”
Tony shot out of his chair and began to help Bruce modify the scans. As soon as they were finished, Tony texted the team and let them know what was happening. It took not five minutes for all the Avengers to gather in the lab. Tony gave them more details and they all talked about it, none too civilly, until one of the scans came up with a result.
with me?” Steve snapped, before Tony could react to his movement. Tony took a couple steps back. Steve didn’t follow, but he kept talking. “I just wanted us to get coffee. ‘Cause I
Steve and Tony looked at each other before Steve answered, “If anyone treats you wrongly for any reason, you have the means to get ahold of us. You have the cell phones we gave you, right?”
End of Chapter Seven
And he was in New York.
“Can you use Mjolnir to strike the brainwashed Asgardians with lightning? Could that snap them out of it?”
“What?” Tony really hated that Bruce wasn’t making sense.
“Kick their butts in P.E. okay? Climb up the wall if you have to.” He grinned. He knew she couldn’t do that yet, but she was pretty sure he wanted to teach her.
Steve sighed, and then took deep breath, pouring just a bit of the coffee into his mug. He still had another class today; he didn’t want to have too much. He took another deep breath. Tony probably didn’t mean to be rude. He was probably just busy with his classes. It was the end of the semester after all. Maybe once finals were done, he’d try again. Just because Steve didn’t have a lot of papers and such to grade didn’t mean other professors didn’t. He needed to log some attendance grades, paperwork grades for his health classes, and he would need to get the fitness exam scores in, but he should be fine for another week or so. He headed back to the fitness center, letting himself back into his office so that he could change. He was lucky enough that he was allowed to wear clothes that he was comfortable in to work out with his students.  It might be getting cold outside, but nothing beat sweats and a short top – not a crop top, but only because of his teacher dress code. He put on his sneakers and moved out into the workout room, checking and wiping down the equipment before class.
He stared down at his and Tony's hands. He didn't deserve this... whatever Tony was doing here. Unless it was to arrest him. He'd probably let him.
Peter and Tony started talking about whatever, and Steve handed the sketchbook back to its owner.
Natasha wasn’t one for a lot of words, and Kat moved on to the car. Tony was standing by the driver’s side door. Kat grabbed her backpack straps.
“Bucky, babe, that’s exactly-”
Steve kissed her cheek and held her close. They were suddenly interrupted by a voice from Kat’s doorway.
It was a similar demonstration to that which Kat and Tony had done for the other Avengers. But Kat was flying solo this time. She shot down some targets that were set up around town and flew in a few patterns that Tony had taught her. She was doing perfectly and it was quickly time for her to come in for a landing. She was nervous, but she took a deep breath to calm herself. She touched down on the blacktop that covered the top of the Tower. She looked Fury in the eye through her mask. He motioned for her to lift her mask and she did so. They stared at each other for a few moments before Fury cracked a small smile.
"What's great?" Tony asked, drowsily making his way into the kitchen, followed by Steve.
It didn't matter how. He did. That... that would be enough.
“I think that might work.”
"No! It's great!"
"Gwen and I decided to go out tonight so we could celebrate the beginning of vacation."
“I’ve got a problem,” Tony admitted. The first step was admitting that you had a problem. “You remember I told you I found out he makes those aerobics videos?” He waited for Rhodey’s affirmative response. “I keep watching them. I can’t even look him in the eye properly at work anymore.”
Tony and Steve just stared for a moment. No one said anything more. Tony grabbed Peter and pulled him down to the lab, Steve and Kat hot on their heels. Bruce was still in the lab when they got there and so
Steve chuckled, “I guess not. What’s your favorite subject?”
Tony chuckled, “That’s because you didn’t help her.”
“Enough!” Tony interjected, before it could get out of hand again. There was no way he was letting this discussion take over their breakout session. “This is your last lab before large lecture on Friday. Please, make the most of it.”
Fury left.
Kat held him tightly with her good hand, “I know, Papa.”
“No! They wouldn’t let the audience volunteer.” Everyone thought Peter sounded a little disappointed.
Kat turned on her parents, a tense Steve and a suddenly awake Tony.
“No, but I…”
“Of course, you could always get a haircut.”
“He jumped straight up into the air and over the car!”
Kat sighed, “Well, they can work with us if we feel we need any help outside of school time and we only take the standardized tests unless they feel we need a test because we struggled with a subject and they want to know if we really understood. It’s fairly easy and I’ve passed every test I’ve been given so I don’t think I’m doing too bad.”
The summer had been great. Peter and Kat had had a chance to get to know all of the Avengers and become part of the family. They were slowly starting to call Tony and Steve by parent names: Dad and Pop – “Pop” by Steve’s request. They had also been given some training by Natasha and Clint over fighting and some martial arts. It had kept them in shape so Kat and Peter were ready for P.E. Maybe they would even impress some of their classmates. They were going to be attending the Elanor Roosevelt High School. It would take a while for them to get there every morning, but it was the school the family had liked the most.
Steve hurried around to clean up his apartment. There wasn’t too much to clean up, though he did make sure to pick up the paints from the floor. He set up his office for filming and took a shower. While careful not to lose track of the time, Steve was thorough. He knew he’d be sweaty later after his workout, and he wanted to be prepared. Just in case.
"Peter stole my sketchbook."
Kat broke from her frantic thoughts and focused on the words to calm herself, “What? Oh! Uh, yeah. I’ve always liked to draw.”
“Alright,” Tony said through the communications system to Kat, “try and take a few shots at the sky.”
For the record, Tony was able to keep his disagreement to himself, and he totally did not laugh out loud when Doreen sighed sweetly about it. And even if he did, he’d hidden expertly it behind a series of coughs. Peter didn’t even ask what was wrong, and did he need water, because if he did, Peter had brought an extra bottle.
Tony put his head in his hands, “Well, what does it resemble?”
“Hi, um, these are for you. I didn’t know what I should bring, but I wanted to bring you something.”
Tony wasn’t sure who screamed. Was it him? Steve? Both of them? He didn’t much care. All he did was run forward and jump off the building after his daughter.
"I will, Shellhead."
Tony pulled Steve down for a kiss, then said, "Rock, paper, scissors for it?"
Kat nodded.
Steve sighed and looked away. "I understand."
“You sketch?”
"No!" he finally yelled. "I'm almost done."
Tony enlisted his help in running some tests on Peter. Tony shooed Steve and Kat out before locking the lab.
Tony sent a small glare in Steve’s direction before answering.
“It’s fine, Pop,” Peter said. “It’s just that you don’t normally cook breakfast and these are the best eggs and bacon I’ve ever seen!”
Tony smiled, “Fury has approved you.”
Kat ignored him, keeping her attention focused on Peter.
“I love you, Daddy.”
Kat knelt in front of Steve. She set the picture back on her nightstand and took her Papa’s hands in her own, waiting for him to continue.”
Finding a job in New York had been harder than Steve expected. Several schools rejected his applications with little explanation, and the ones that did explain were worried about his online presence. Steve’s last school, in Indiana, hadn’t cared much when he started making cheesy, 80s themed aerobic videos, as long as he didn’t advertise his YouTube channel to his classes. But it seemed that having teachers that might also be influencers in some way was not something that other schools were willing to risk.
Kat let her brother in and they sat on her bed together, just talking.
“Are you sure?”
“Thank you. That means a lot, coming from you.”
“Tony and I already packed them for you guys, all you have to do is check it over. You have time. Sit down.”
Kat froze. JARVIS was right. They had done their last final tests on Friday. School was over. Done! Kat sighed. She walked through the doorway to the den and flopped down on one of the couches. She looked toward the TV and said:
Tony watched him a moment, and then nodded, leaning back up to kiss Steve. It was gentler than before. “Just remember to breathe, sweetheart.” He pulled back and smirked, “And maybe keep your eyes on me.”
Kat smiled.
“What did he say?” Tony asked.
“Is it because we’re superheroes or whatever?”
“Oh.” He sounded relieved, and maybe a little proud. “Yeah, sure, I can come over. I’ll bring pizza and we can watch a movie instead. Go ahead and pick a couple out, and I’ll be there soon. Okay, Tones?”
The ride home went smoothly, and he locked up his bike carefully in his building’s garage. Maria was at the desk, and he gave her a wave as he checked his mail. He met up with his neighbors, Bucky and his partner Sam, in the elevator, and invited them over for dinner later. Bucky gave him a look, like he knew something was up, but Sam agreed easily and promised they would provide the beer, “As long as you order the pizza.” Steve laughed and agreed, just the same as every other time they hung out at Steve’s place.
Steve held the pose just a moment, and then let his leg down. He chuckled to himself, thinking he’d never seen someone turn off a camera as fast as Tony just had.
fault.
Kat’s grin grew wider, “About two minutes ago.”
Tony smiled, “We just ask that you come and join us in the room.”
A small, sad chuckle left his lips, "Sure."
“Sorry. I shouldn’t have assumed.”
"I'm looking over my sketches from the past school year. You?"
Kat smiled back, “Thanks. You like it?”
Kat sat back down and happily went back to her ice cream. Steve smiled and cleaned up his dishes. Kat finished her ice cream and rinsed the carton before flattening it and putting it in the recycle. Steve was still leaning against the counter waiting for the coffee to finish brewing, so Kat stood next to him.
Clint called for an airlift to get Steve to a Wakandan hospital while Sam pulled out his own phone to make a personal call.
“It’s fine. I understand. Steve did the same thing when we first met.”
Steve looked around. She hadn’t landed. He looked up. She wasn’t in the air, either. He tried to reach her comm, but it had disconnected.
"Steve get out of there, it's too dangerous! Now!"
Kat passed her finals with flying colours. She was going to graduate just fine. The ceremony was a week after school ended, and Kat was very excited. She was especially happy to find out that she was a valedictorian. She had worked so hard all year, and she was glad that it had paid off. Her parents and brother had greeted her afterward with the utmost excitement. Peter had wanted to hold her for hours. He was so proud of her. When Steve finally got ahold of her, he had to be careful to not crush her. He was so proud of her. Tony hugged her close and secure and murmured that he was so proud and that he loved her.
He got no farther before Kat charged him. She propelled herself forward in the suit and made to ram Loki off the building. But she made the mistake of underestimating the god. He took hold of her gauntlet and spun her around, throwing her back onto the roof. The gauntlet stayed in Loki’s hand and the rest of that arm fell away as Kat crashed into the roof. She stood up and faced the god.
“It’s only a couple years off,” he defended. “Besides,” he added, smirking, “I can tell everyone my boyfriend picked it out for me.”
"Best two out of three."
“Sorry,” Steve sighed, once he had it under control again. “I’m not used to this, I guess I’m just… really glad you’re here at all.” He figured he probably ought to start some conversation, “How did your grading go?” That was a safe topic, something good to get them going. “I didn’t have a lot of paperwork to get in, but I imagine you would.”
They stared at each other for a minute or so longer before cracking up and following Tony and Peter.
They came to the final crosswalk. The walk sign was a hand, signaling pedestrians to wait. When it changed, Peter and Kat began to walk across. They weren’t prepared, however, for the car that cam squealing around the corner. It nearly hit them, but Peter pulled Kat into his arms and jumped into the air to dodge the car. He landed five feet to the right of where they had been standing. Ha carried his sister the rest of the way to the sidewalk and sat her down on the curb.
“God, Tony,” Steve says as his eyes stay focused on Tony’s mouth. “I’ve been dreaming of this for so long. Can I eat you out?”
He sleeps.
Bruce sighs again and he rests his elbows on his knees, letting his face fall onto his hands. He’s not crying, but that might make it worse. There must be a thousand emotions Bruce is trying to keep contained and it kills Tony to know that that’s all Bruce’s been doing for years and years. His anger, his hurt, his confusion; these are all things Bruce’s become a master at hiding. Tony doesn’t want any of them to have to disguise themselves any longer and he doesn’t want any of them to have to go through things alone anymore.
“SURPRISE!”
Natasha looks firmly at him and he knows, in the way that he knows Natasha has learned slowly but surely to understand him, that she can sense the guilt consuming him from the inside.
There is no finesse to Steve’s technique, no real rhyme or reason to his actions except that it is obvious that he’s going by the noises he can get out of Tony.
“Tony.”
“I’ll miss this,” Steve confesses, his voice also low following Tony’s lead. “Traveling with you, having all the time in the world… Rome. I will miss us in Rome.”
“No, Tony. Pepper’s coming and I wouldn’t ask you to cancel on her,” Bruce says. “And Natasha, don’t you even try. You’re needed here.”
Tony looks at him and looks at him. And then he looks at him for a few more seconds.
She takes two steps towards him and he takes one in her direction. Steve has to follow him with one of his hands still on his waist and the other hovering over his left elbow, ready to catch him if he falls.
more accurate question that Steve should have probably asked is, now that they have time, are they willing to use it on each other? Does Tony feel ready to gift Steve a part of his life so they can work on everything they let separate them before?
“Together,” Steve says.
So it’s not a surprise that Steve feels comfortable enough around her to kiss Tony’s temple to say good morning. And it’s understandable that Tony almost doesn't notice the difference between leaning on Steve’s shoulder when they’re alone or when Natasha is spending some time with them in the living room.
He gets a little reward in the form of Steve’s admittance of his doings the same day he suits up as Iron Man for the first time in months.
“Pepper’s supposed to call me soon,” Tony clarifies. “Let me know if she does.”
Tony nods, agreeing silently with Steve’s statement.
“Hey, angel.”
Steve presses his cellphone closer to his ear and the side of his face and he closes his eyes tightly, losing himself in the sound of Tony’s voice as his boyfriend rambles on about how the idea for sexting came to him and how next time he expects pictures and how practice will make them perfect at even this kind of sex.
Steve has to clear his throat and look away for a second before making eye contact with her again.
Steve keeps reminding her they’ll be there if she needs them again and he’s very obviously hesitant to leave her room so Tony grabs him by one of his biceps and pulls him out of the door. Natasha’s grateful gaze is the last thing Tony sees before she closes the door of her room.
Perhaps coming home to Pepper stopped meaning
It’s actually Natasha that asks him to suit up again.
This is the time, almost two weeks after Tony first appeared at Avengers’ Tower, that Steve finally comes to term with it.
“Us? Not communicating properly?” Steve asks, sarcasm heavily coloring his words. “Inconceivable.”
Rationally, Tony knows he has gone through far worse things than this one sleepless night. But this one sleepless night feels like it can change his entire future. And Tony’s not so sure it would be for the better.
And it’s not even about him, not really -although there is a bit of that in it too-.
Time stops for about a second and then restarts itself in the time it takes Steve to blink his eyes at Tony. Steve’s eyes are hooded from sleeping and his blinks are slower than normal. Perhaps that’s why the fluttering of his eyelashes and the movement of his eyelids seem more sensual than normal.
He feels it deep in his chest, like he used to feel the weight of the arc-reactor. He feels it deep in his stomach, like he used to feel the weight of alcohol when he still drank. He feels it deep in his heart, like he’s never felt anything before.
Steve doesn't move his head but he squeezes Tony’s hand almost hard enough to hurt until he relents his strength and just holds tight enough that Tony feels grounded and he hopes Steve does too.
It’s a languid kiss, slow and unhurried. Their tongues tangle together and then retreat back to their own mouths so that, again, only their lips touch. This is almost more electrifying for Steve, more nerve-wrecking, the slight pressure almost maddening.
“Sure,” he says and he points towards the kitchen. “I’m feeling hungry. You want to help me prepare breakfast? Maybe some pancakes?”
“Okay, strategy.” Bucky agreed. He pointed at Steve with his index finger. “You’re better at it so… What’s the plan, Captain?”
“I’m a boring old man, Steve. I would just like the team having dinner in the Tower, maybe some wild karaoking…” Tony says.
“And I’ve been trying to convince Bruce to come with me but he’s having his doubts,” Natasha says in the middle of telling Tony about the latest project she and Okoye have been working on.
When Bruce reaches him, he positions himself so that he’s blocking the sun and Tony can look up at him comfortably.
Emotionally? Mentally? He can’t. It would be too much. There’s all this guilt weighing him down, heavier probably than his body. There’s also the exhaustion, not from lack of sleep but from abundance of living, maybe. The simple act of being here, of having all these voices inside his head, some of them real some of them not, telling him every single thing he could have done differently, pointing out each and every one of his failures.
“It’s not unfair,” Tony manages to say. “You’re my rock too.”
The twenty-first century and Tony, because Tony is truly everything and more for Steve in this day and age, have so much to offer, so many things that it would be difficult to name them all.
Peggy had been so perfect for him once but Steve’s come to terms with the fact that he wasn't the love of her life just like, quite honestly, she wasn't the love of his. How could she when his life is now so much different than what it used to be?
“That…” Pepper breathes. “That would have been a dream.”
Now, in this bed, Steve is knowingly and deliberately letting Tony in.
Pepper’s sobs can still be heard in the silence of the room.
Tony starts to stand up when a hand settles on his knee, stopping his progress. Tony looks at the hand and then follows the arm to end up looking at Steve, whose face is set in a concerned expression.
“Only if you call me Steve,” Steve negotiates.
The minute the rest of the group makes it home Tony knows it. There is no way he can miss the shouts and yells that drown the Compound as soon as they all walk inside the building. FRIDAY stays uncharacteristically quiet and doesn’t announce their arrival so she must have noticed Tony’s slight stumble and the way he freezes as soon as he hears his friends’ voices.
“Yes,” Rhodey says as he puts up a third finger on his left hand. “And have I said he’d be all over your body already? Because trust me he’d wax poetic about every inch of you given the opportunity.”
“We were introducing new topics this week, and also new exercises,” Steve explains, although Tony is already familiar with Steve’s plans for the group sessions he leads, having listened before to Steve voice his concerns about doing the best he can. “And yesterday we made it to past regrets that we feel had been left without closure because of the Decimation.”
“I finally catch you, Captain,” Tony says with a rueful smile on his face.
The sound of someone clearing his throat into the microphone resonates through the gigantic speakers placed around the building and in front of the crowd.
These people’s opinions and judgements have grown to sustain Steve through his every day living, they’ve become as important to him as Bucky’s support and friendship, or Peggy’s belief and love once were and still are to this day.
Steve notices he’s standing awkwardly in the middle of the room so he walks towards the work bench, making Tony turn again in his chair and leaving the table between them.
“I don’t think there is a way we can reverse the snap,” Tony admits.
“Okay, okay?” Tony teases.
“I mean it.” He says, depositing a kiss on Tony’s shoulder over fabric. “I hadn’t noticed before, but I like the idea of you wearing my clothes.”
“Crop tops.”
End of Chapter Three
Peter shrugged and walked over to a clear wall in the lab. He put both hands on the wall, and then put a foot up. He pushed up as if taking a step, and found that he could scale the wall as if he was walking on the ground on all fours. He laughed and climbed all the way to the ceiling before crawling above his family’s heads. The adults stared wide-eyed and Kat full-out gawked – mouth open and everything. Peter then pushed off and landed on his feet next to Bruce.
Peter grinned, “Can you play video games with your mind?”
Even though Steve was apparently as bothered at Tony was, Tony figured it was probably because he was pissed. Which, well, he couldn’t be blamed for. Tony certainly wouldn’t blame him. So, he worked harder to avoid him, keeping enough distance to hopefully let some of the tension dissipate. He used staircases he didn’t usually, and stayed in his office later than his normal hours. Before the week was over Peter told him one more time that Steve was still upset. It seemed like maybe it was to get him to take the first step, but it just made Tony want to hunker down even longer.
Rhodey had been the one to finally find him the first time and he’d been able to solidly connect him to the spike of druglords and other criminals’ deaths, in the end.
It takes Steve around 35 minutes to wake up from what looked to Tony like restless sleep.
Instead of verbally replaying Tony hums to let Pepper know he’s heard her.
Steve’s acceptance doesn’t prompt any movement from either of them and two minutes or so go by where they’re both just standing a couple feet apart, looking at the other and then quickly looking away, smiling softly at each other when their eyes lock.
“I said what I thought was right,” Steve explains.
Steve’s crying is loud and while Tony’s is silent, it’s not any less honest.
That’s when the kiss takes a turn and moves from soft to fiery.
The first day of August does hit the Compound like a summer storm, even when the weather outside is sunny and clear all around.
“Why the hell not?” Tony asks back.
“I see what you tried to do and I don’t like it.”
Tony would recognize that voice anywhere and it relaxes him enough to settle back into the bed. He only has time to notice that this time he’s completely laid down and tucked in before he falls asleep again.
Pepper, Rhodey and Tony had been, for some time after Tony’s return, as inseparable as they had been reluctant with each other. Steve could only guess Pepper and Rhodey had felt afraid to really believe Tony was back, like they believed if they finally came to terms with it Tony would fade out of existence right in front of their eyes. Tony had confessed to Steve that he had felt guilty for the suffering he had put his best friends through once again, even if he rationally knew it hadn't been his fault and there was nothing he could have done about it.
Tony bites his bottom lip nervously, hesitating. “I hope— I hope it’s not because you think I’d have a problem with it. That I’d resent you, or something.”
For the first time in forever Tony feels like he’s just given himself the best gift of them all.
Tony traces Steve’s lips twice before he goes to move his hand away but Steve’s hand grabs Tony’s wrist before he can.
Five.
Tony arrived at the Compound almost an hour and a half ago, his suit a lot faster than the jet the Avengers had travelled in, especially at the speed Tony was pushing it despite FRIDAY’s warnings. He just needed to make it home and the faster he arrived the more time alone he could have, he had reasoned.
Tony can feel that an IV has been inserted into his left hand once again and it itches but he has to admit the fluids it’s pumping into him have him feeling a little more human already.
“Oh my god, yes.” Tony moans.
Now he wakes up every day and prepares coffee in a machine that has seventeen more buttons than necessary. He takes his laptop when he’s bored and browses the Internet in search of the funniest and obscurest memes to send to Sam so that their never-ending meme war will continue. He gets angry when he is watching the news and he sees stories of anti-vaxxers. He tries to visit every new restaurant he can find on New York City, especially the ones from all around the world, and enlists Bucky’s help to make it through the entire list of all of them.
It’s only when Natasha points it out during breakfast the next morning that they all become aware of it.
“Indeed, Miss Potts,” JARVIS answers. “Would you like me to play it for you?”
The grape competition stops abruptly and Tony notices because silence suddenly fills the kitchen, surrounding them all.
Thor does make it to the living room and through sleep-hooded eyes and with a heavy voice he says to Valkyrie, “You can leave whenever you see fit. I’ll be staying here for some time.”
Tony smiles, just a small curl of his lips but enough to make Steve smile back at him.
Steve clears his throat and shakes his head slightly. “I think I’m all talked out for the day.”
The tips of their noses are now touching.
“He’s depressed,” Steve sympathizes.
It’s almost like Steve thought if he didn’t get the words out fast enough he would never be able to say them at all.
Most of them start exactly the same and so they blur together in his mind, one after the other, making him wonder if years have passed or if a particular week has just been dragging forever.
Bucky walked into the apartment getting closer to Steve but he left the door open. Steve could see Natasha and Sam talking in the hallway outside and he mentally sighed knowing that whatever these three had planned would somehow involve him. He cursed himself for being so weak and never knowing how to say no to his best friends.
“I didn’t know Tony had, you know, these problems,” Steve muses. “These same issues I seem to be stuck with.”
It is unfair to his precious partners to say that all of it has to do with Steve himself. The world isn’t what it was when Tony used to go out with other people. Things are mellower. The streets are emptier. People are more empathetic. Or at least it feels that way.
_______________________________
It’s not the first time they’ve said it but every new one feels more special than the last. Right now it feels like a promise, like a real life-long commitment and Tony feels light with it.
Natasha trails off as she shakes her head. She puts down her wine glass on the counter after one last gulp and she walks walk toward Tony, sitting next to him again.
And he can see that confirmed in the misty look in her eyes as her gaze takes in all of Tony’s body laying in bed and she lets out a relieved breath, like she couldn’t quite believe he was alright until she saw it with her own eyes.
Maybe, he thinks, it’s due to the routine that has been unwillingly created regarding his nights.
in Rome and Steve understands the
Bruce’s voice is nothing more than a whisper now and he starts shaking his head gently while he runs his hands through his dark hair.
“I just think that the sooner I make things go back to normal, the sooner we can move on,” she explains. “I want him to stop walking on eggshells around me, treating this like I will burst out crying  or shouting at anytime.
_______________________________
does he wear Steve’s clothes so much?
She moves towards the wine fridge that she herself keeps up pretty well-stocked. She peers inside through the transparent door and, when she seems to make a final decision, opens it to grab a bottle. It’s a bottle of white wine that Tony recognizes as one of Pepper’s favorites. Natasha opens one of the cupboards to take out a wine glass, that she fills almost to the brim as soon as she has uncorked the bottle effortlessly.
“I love this picture,” Tony’s voice breaks and he has to sniff loudly so his nose doesn’t start running.
This is the most honest Tony has been like in a year, not only with Steve but with himself.
“Well,” he says. “This was a riveting conversation but I think I will be taking my leave now.”
He could start it, he supposes, but there’s also something in him that doesn’t want to have to do that. Maybe it’s an echo of the pride he used to wear like an armor for years, or the desire to feel as needed as he has needed Steve. Be what it may, Tony doesn’t take the leap and the conversation fades before it could even be began.
“Right,” Tony says and he wills his hands to start moving.
Tony’s hands find leverage in the table’s edge and he bends his elbows at the same time that he does his knees, and with a little jump he hops on to the table.
But through it all there is a constant: Steve. Steve. Steve.
Valkyrie is given one of the guest rooms but Tony finds her twice sleeping in the living room instead of in the perfectly fine bed she’s been lent. She’s quiet but not unassuming at all. She’s got a way of looking at Tony that makes him question each and every one of the decisions he has made in his 49 years of life. Bruce and her have got what appears to be a complicated love-hate friendship going on and Tony has vowed to never get in between one of their “debates”. They take to challenging each other to wrestling matches while Bruce is turned into the Hulk and he swears it’s a way to “train myself into getting more comfortable in this body”.
“Oh, Steve,” Pepper whispers, squeezing his hand once again. “It’s worth a lot.”
“And Tony.” Natasha’s voice is solemn. “I’m sorry, too. I really am.”
“You don’t have to,” Steve says as he gives another slight squeeze to Tony’s muscles.
Tony is so focused on his tablet’s screen that he doesn’t hear the distant sound of a door closing, neither does he hear the approaching steps coming his way. He’s made aware of the presence of another person in the room when a looming figure settles in his peripheral vision.
“What? What are you apologizing for?” Steve asks incredulously.
“Oh my god, I am going to invest in getting you a bell that you’ll have to wear all day, every day. This cannot be healthy for me. Heart condition, remember?”
Now when he looks at pictures -both the ones from his past and the ones of the present that’s paving his future- the first thing he feels is relieved. Relieved that he can remember the people he once lost in a positive light as they deserve. Relieved that he’s been able to create new memories that he will one day feel nostalgic about too, but that will mean he has spent a life well-lived.
They might not be ready yet to save the world again but they can save each other.
“Rhodey, his aunt, Peter’s aunt,” Tony stutters. “I need to call his aunt, I need to tell her and let her know and just, Rhodey, I—“
Tony and Rhodey haven’t even noticed the weirdness of the situation as they have gone back to discussing the probable paintball betrayal issue.
Steve chuckles and Tony can’t glimpse any trace of the anger or the frustration that he came into the room showcasing. He looks elated. He looks excited.
“And if I may, Captain, we could try to create some protocols and routines together ourselves,” JARVIS offers. “I could show you some of the research myself and Sir did and point you towards some of the things Sir found most useful.”
“I think I’m afraid. And happy. Sometimes I’m afraid of how happy I am and other times I’m afraid of how unhappy I’ll be if things get fucked again,” Tony explains.
“You’re going to make such a power couple,” Pepper says, this time sounding even surer of herself than she did the first time she made that statement.
, Steve is saying without words.
“Who do you take me for, Captain?” Tony teases. “Of course there is.”
“You don't have to tell me about it if you don’t want to but fuck, Tony,” Steve says.
“Everything okay?” Steve asks.
Nebula only nods and stays right where she is.
His heart gives a painful jolt in his chest and Tony brings his right hand to it, pressing down on the arc reactor as if it was still the cause of his troubles so many years later.
It’s not love. It can’t be.
“I hate having to do this but I need to go to Malibu,” she explains and Tony understands without her having to say anything more.
As Tony, Carol and Nebula are about to step of the ramp, resounding thumps can be heard, getting louder and louder, seemingly getting closer to them.
He physically can’t. His legs are shaking and his hands are too, and he’s still trying to regulate his breathing. Not too fast, not too slow.
Tony doesn’t keep count of how many days he and Steve have been together. He doesn’t even really pay attention to how many months it has been since their first kiss. Months pass and milestones are achieved but it’s all so natural, so underwhelming in a sense. Not underwhelming because it’s unimportant, but underwhelming because it doesn't need to be celebrated. It just is. Him and Steve just
When Tony is done preparing the salad he moves the bowl to the island and grabs two plates, two forks and two knifes, depositing them on the island too. Natasha silently points towards the counter to other kitchen utensils, reminding Tony to grab a serving spoon. The conversation dies down momentarily while each of them serve themselves but it promptly starts up again, even as they’re eating and chewing.
That leaves Natasha, Steve and Tony still standing around the little coffee table in the living room, a glaringly empty space next to Tony staring back at them.
Despite his painfully awkward voicemail Miss Potts gets back in touch with him promptly, not even two hours later. They very easily set up a time to meet because Steve truly can work his schedule around her much busier one.
Once upon a time Tony’s first stop after a nightmare -dream?- as unsettling as this one would have been anywhere in his vicinity that could provide him with the strongest alcohol possible. He would have hugged a bottle, a glass, a flask or a pitcher just to numb any sort of feeling. He found, with practice, that alcohol is also a great teacher in the art of denial.
Steve tilts his head. “So you started avoiding me so you wouldn’t lose me?”
“It’s over,” Steve says. His voice is so low Tony knows he wouldn’t be hearing it if not for their really close proximity.
When Tony thinks about the dream it brings such a joyous feeling to his chest that it makes him sure it will forever be his favorite dream. The imagined glimpses of Peter’s happiness, his innocence and his trust affect Tony so deeply it’s like still having pieces of Peter with him in his every day life.
For five more minutes this is all Tony does: he takes a little kid and flies them around carefully and safely, very noticeably making them feel like heroes of their own.
The first thing he does after the Avengers’ fifth mission together, the first after the Battle where one of them gets seriously injured, is go see them down in the ‘shop. He’s still wearing his soiled uniform and his heart hasn’t yet recovered from watching Clint fall down from a two story window. It feels nearly miraculous that he’s only got a broken leg and some bruised ribs but Steve can’t stop replaying the moment over and over in his mind.
“I was. Still am, maybe, a little bit,” Tony recognizes. “You were reckless and you acted on your own without any input from anyone else on the team. That’s something we need to discuss. But that’s not the root of the problem here.”
Sure, Tony can recognize the familiar feeling of survivor’s guilt he’s been carrying with him for years now, maybe sharpened now since the moment Peter vanished in his arms. But has it evolved? Has it grown into the wish for oblivion?
He nods and turns back towards Natasha. She smiles at him and leans in to give him a short peck in the cheek.
was a different person, Tony would be able to ignore the situation and pretend to be asleep until it truly became a reality, but they’re Steve and Tony, even after all this time apart, so that means there’s no other option for him but to open his eyes.
“Yes, Boss,” FRIDAY says.
“Yeah, sure, yeah,” Tony confirms as he starts getting up.
“Now that I’ve seen you together I’m even surer of it,” Pepper states.
And it’s obvious as soon as he takes a clean look at her that she has witnessed his entire interaction with Steve. It’s also obvious that she knows Tony had been lost in their bubble and hadn’t thought they had any audience for it.
He’s not sure how long ago it happened but there are no more breathing sounds in the room but his own regulated ones now.
When a band of misfits and superheroes moves into his tower and takes over his life, the real possibility of hiding becomes slim until one day, without even realizing what has happened, he doesn’t feel the urge anymore. He
He will miss its serpentine streets, so beautiful and full of color. He will miss eating gelato at all hours even when it had probably been too cold to be doing so. He will miss its history and its importance seeping into its every pore, every step taken feeling like a mark made in the universe. He will miss its food, so rich in flavor and so deeply fulfilling.
Steve’s speech gets quicker and his chest starts rising and falling rapidly, unmistakable signs of his growing anxiety. Tony brings one of his hands over to Steve’s chest, unsure of what he can do to help him calm down but needing to offer him some kind of comfort.
Her face shows some amusement it makes Steve blush.
“Steve,” Tony murmurs, his eyes wide in surprise.
Since the time Steve awoke from the ice he’s been able to see what the legacy he left behind became, what his memory inspired and what his name started to represent. He became more of a national symbol that he was even alive. He was used as a capitalist tool and as a social motivator for people. Captain America became, above all, a legend. People venerated him as Steve Rogers but all they actually praised was Captain America. Very few people were still around to remember his as he truly was. Peggy and the Commandos, that’s all. Howard, maybe.
The helmet is useless to him now, no way to communicate with Earth, or any other planet for that matter, no masterful plan FRIDAY can concoct to get him out of this mess, no life-saving of any kind. And yet, simply having it close to him makes Tony feel a little more at ease, a little more complete.
He can feel it strongly now, the pull towards oblivion and rest. He knows he should be fighting it and he wants to, he want to so much, but he knows he can’t. He’s not powerful enough to resist the siren call and… What would he be fighting for, anyway? The opportunity to live another day in this goddamn awful space ship?
But the more things escalated, the more their worries grew.
He always stays within Natasha’s and Rhodey’s orbits, however, both to reassure them and to step in should he feel like it was necessary. They’re two of the most competent people in the world though and don’t really need anything from him apart from his emotional support and friendship, or so they both affirm.
“The point is I know Tony would have ended up loving you,” Pepper says. “I also wish it could have been the three of us and him.”
“Especially after SHIELD’s fall,” Tony guesses.
Tony’s also pretty well acquainted with ending things that are meant to be over, so he only nods and accepts her answer.
Tony hadn't noticed how much he missed Steve despite everything. Hearing his voice was almost too much, but the last thing he would ever do is hang up.
“Yes, I’ve just changed the security footage. I’m assuming you want me to cause a base-wide camera failure in two hours’ time? You have to get back in to take a jet to the mission.”
Rhodey stood up quickly, walking upright and proud. Tony was less quick off the mark, and he winked at the cameras on the way up to the stage. He thinks he saw a woman swoon at the back.
"Sweet ride. Hammer doesn't normally burn money like this." Steve said, gaze still stuck on the sleek curves of the motorbike.
"You're thinking too hard, that's my job. Try not to give yourself an aneurysm, Cap, we need you and your fifty stars on the team."
"Tony!"
Iron Man and War Machine always made an excellent entrance, in Tony’s opinion. The two of them shot in through the front doors and went straight up the middle of the staircase to the most highly restricted floors. Both men burst in through the doors, stopping the entire room in its tracks.
"Still on their summer holiday. Only got a week left until the kids show up, then it's back to insanity." Clint sighed. "Wait, that's not a good advertisement. Shit. Like, the kids here are great! Super smart and stuff, just a real handful. Not too many of 'em though."
Tony is about to butt in with a snarky comment, something along the lines of "Obviously, Pepper checked out of Casa du Stark," but Steve speaks again.
"By not killing yourself and putting it in my trunk, stupid." Bucky rolled his eyes and grabbed the two cases, opened the trunk and tossed them in there like they weighed nothing.
Taking a moment to think, Steve studies his friend's face, searching for honesty. Seemingly he finds it, as he replies with "Maybe so. What makes you say that?"
"I bet." Tony paused. "For what it's worth, I hope it, uh, gets easier. And other sympathetic things I should probably be saying, pretend I said them."
However, this is a curious thing to do when you're meant to be yourself, so Steve finds himself at a loss slightly. He decided, for the first time, that there's not much more to create than a backstory. If he makes himself too much like someone else, it could kill the act, seeing as everyone at the school has access to his actual social media accounts. Equally, not enough character and he could seem unprofessional.
Tony remembers, vividly, that time when Steve promised to be there. The time when he swore, half unspoken, that no matter how catastrophic the loss, he would stay by Tony's side.
So, to say Rhodey was surprised to see his friend chainsmoking on the balcony was an understatement.
Tony swallowed. "Um. Yeah. Thoughts?"
(Tony is secretly very impressed that Steve has seen the YouTube video.)
“I was checking the file details, and I noticed that there was a lot of encrypted folders- first red flag. I downloaded them to my Bluetooth USB, Stark, can you get these open?”
Rumlow simply rolled his eyes, and cocked an eyebrow as if to say
"Hate to interrupt the comedy act, but I think we were promised an overhyped tour?" Bucky cut in, shit-eating grin plastered on his face.
Barton looked over, surprised. “You’re friends with Darcy?”
Tony Stark is one of the richest men in the world. His phone contacts stretch from Aniston to Zuckerberg, with hundreds in-between. And yet, when the stars shine in the sky and the sun hides below the horizon, he feels like the loneliest man in the known world.
“Please-“ Coulson starts, but Tony hushes him. “That won’t be necessary. Whilst Agent was talking, I was figuring out logistics of this. If everyone here is agreeable, this is going to be upgraded to an Iron Man mission, with STRIKE Team Delta listed as backup. This way, we can take my own tech, and do it our way. I have a favour to call in with the President, and I’ll get him to step in and change it.”
"Exhilarating." Bucky deadpanned. "Whatever you have planned better not be water, if this thing rusts again-"
Pierce looked at Tony and Rhodey, as if begging them to disagree. Rhodey simply shrugged, and Tony got up to go and stand behind Team Delta, closing the faceplate to end the conversation. Rumlow looked like he was about to protest, but Coulson got up out of his seat, his subordinates following his lead.
Steve sighed. "Hawkeye, just don't."
Trying not to tremble, he sent off the message, praying that the phone really would contact Steve.
The sky was darker than usual- many of the lights were damaged in the battle, and with the area cordoned off the only lights were coming from the tower itself. Therefore, there was a little less light pollution tonight, allowing some of the brighter stars to show themselves to whoever happened to be watching.
The changeover point is only about twenty minutes away from the tower, and he knows that he has to be completely in character by the time he's out of the car. Sparing a glance to Bucky, he notices him doing a similar thing, blanking his emotions and creating the character.
“And it seems you’re Anthony, Mr Stark.” There was a ghost of a smile on his face, despite the perpetually cold tone.
technology. Usually, humans make guns and shields for us and armour the hell out of the tech. What if we armour the hell out of the humans?”
Tony’s eyes snap up to meet Steve’s. Now he’s never really been one for highly-charged eye contact, but those gorgeous blue eyes have always secretly been his undoing. He struggles to find something appropriate to say, but the Stark name has rarely been associated with sensible.
Tony Stark is many things. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. He’s a great inventor, a suave businessman, a brilliant lover and he definitely considers himself a superhero. But the one thing Tony isn’t is a soldier. That’s why he was hesitant to join up with the military, but he knew working with them would probably be the right thing to do. Also, SI now has all the military contracts that don’t involve weapons. Pretty good for business.
“Surely it can’t be that important, can it?” He joked, trying to get back to what he was doing.
, Tony was telling the truth when he said nothing was going to happen. He didn't want it to, he was in a stable relationship and he had every intention to marry that woman. She'd even caught him staring once; she only gently chastised him with a "No new toys, Tony" and gave him that exasperated smile that he knew was reserved solely for him.
Hammer slammed his hand on the desk, cutting off the rest of his sentence. "Shut up, Barnes. Question me again and I'll have you shot."
He quickly analysed everyone who was shouting at him; most of the people in the room were STRIKE.
Until 47 days ago, one of Tony's favourite things to do was to sit out on the balcony at the dead of night. In the city that never sleeps, he could watch the world be busy without him as he nursed a glass of something aged and expensive. Occasionally Pepper would join him, and the gentle consistency of the traffic noise combined with the moonlight encouraged them to open up to each other.
After that, Tony drank less, which was good. Unfortunately, he also decided that a good replacement for his poisonous drink was something toxic to inhale instead.
He met Bucky at the lift again, pulling a tan leather suitcase behind him. Bucky never bothered to move everything to another case, so he was carrying the armoured black case. (He also never bothered to use the wheels. Steve asked a couple missions back, and he just muttered something about how a metal arm is pointless if he doesn't show off with it.) Both men were dressed in suits, but they managed to look starkly different from each other.
Tony's eyes snap up, refocusing on the skyline out of the window. Does he really want to pursue one of his friends, a teammate? Can his heart really handle it? The obvious answer to many would be a harsh no, but he has never been a man with finite love. He just very rarely finds someone worth giving any to. Yet on the other hand-
“Why is it so hot?” Clint leered, and Tony laughed.
"Weird not having to make up some persona, huh?" Steve half-jokes.
"Frankly Buck, as long as we're not scouring the entirety of Russia for a single bird, I couldn't care less." Steve replied, tone too serious to be humorous, but the two men chuckled anyway.
"Well don't ya go complaining Rogers, we get gorgeous rides and an easy assignment. Who irished up Hammer's coffee?"
“-Absolute bullshit, sir,” Barton cut in, “it was as flimsy as the bikinis of the models Stark sleeps with.”
Just as quickly as he arrived, he left the room gripping a now fairly crumpled list. Steve watched him go with a gentle smile, before turning his attention to packing his belongings into a case that was slightly friendlier than the stark black one sat ominously on his coffee table.
"Aw c'mon Stark," Clint butted in, "he's Captain America! Born leader, national icon, big muscles. And did I mention he's Captain America?"
And on how many pairs of underpants to pack.
Pretty much all of the above parties were yelling at him, Rollins looked ready to hurt his fists on the Iron Man suit again, Ross was spitting over his paperwork in anger. But when he looked closer, he saw Team Delta in the corner, and they were decidedly not shouting. Coulson was looking at him blankly, a small glimpse of grief in how he was tightly gripping Barton’s wrist. Barton himself was looking a bit sick, and he was holding on to his superior like he’d keel over if he ever let go. And then there was Romanoff, who somehow was able to tell when she had his attention, who just shook her head once sharply. Tony released the faceplate to look right at her, tilting his head to the side slightly to ask for an explanation. She simply mouthed “You asked the right question.”
Steve considered this. "Won't it look suspicious if we show up together?"
"Stop being so right all the damn time, Stevie. Makin' me look bad." Bucky chastised, a lopsided grin shining past his usual rough exterior. "If ya say so."
Despite Steve being
For the first time in 47 days, Tony Stark doesn't try to bargain with the sun. Instead, he finds himself looking forward to the soft blanket of darkness, plans to take a glass of whiskey out onto the balcony.
Steve covertly googled it, just to avoid the inevitable rant it would lead to if neither of them knew what Hammer was talking about.
After their brief exchange, the two men sat in silence. But it wasn't an awkward silence, it was a peaceful quiet. Both knew their own brand of loneliness, and appreciated having someone else there (even if neither would admit it).
The last time that she joined him under the stars was- well. Tony still hasn't quite found a word for the way that she, with brutal efficiency, told him that their relationship just wasn't that kind of love. He had dropped the glass off the edge of the balcony.
Steve raises one eyebrow, and the genius immediately cuts himself off. “Let me finish,” he says, fond exasperation colouring his tone, “no, because I refuse to jump into this headfirst, as much as I may want to. You said it very eloquently yourself, you’re coming out of a relationship and it’s
And there he goes again, mind defaulting back to the Capsicle. No, to
Smiling half-heartedly, Tony slumps down on the couch with a glass of bourbon, staring out of the window.
Darcy looked vaguely offended, but quickly joined in with the laughter, and soon they were just four fully grown adults giggling in the school corridor.
It was only a moment before Tony shook his head in mild disbelief, before turning to Natasha and asking “So, do you have any skeletons in your closet to share in this strange, fucked-up trust exercise?”
“Darcy! My favourite female science bro-“
Whilst selecting smart shirts, Steve's mind drifted to the mission. What had this chemistry teacher possibly done for his boss to send his highest ranks in for such a long-term mission? Jobs like these were left to the agents with middle rankings; good enough skills but the agency can afford the loss. How bad must it be to send both him and Bucky? Equally, Steve had his... personal suspicions of their boss, what with having this secret occupation (along with being the world's biggest weapons manufacturer) and more ego than any man of his stature should have. However, he'd always kept these private opinions exactly that, for the sake of his partner and best friend.
He smartly backed out, grabbing his mug of coffee and jumping up into the vents.
“Naturally. I’ll do everything I can to find her, Nick.”
"I'll tell you what's better, not compromising the security of the whole damn-"
“But I guess I’ve also always been on Steve’s side. I wasn’t agreeing with him in that moment but I couldn’t stop being on his side. And you two, even though you were also disagreeing, you’ve always been on the same side too.”
Natasha’s glass is half-empty and Tony’s grabbing another serving of the salad when Natasha speaks again.
Steve brings up again the topic of group therapy a couple months into their separate work towards recovery -or at least towards the closest thing to recovery they’ll be able to get-.
Steve blinks at her, surprised at being considered in the situation. He feels touched once he internalizes the question and it makes him smile back at her.
Tony can feel the hesitancy and he knows that Steve’s sentence wasn’t meant to finish there. He also knows what Steve was about to say.
After the issue with the Accords happened the Compound became a ghost of its former self. Only Vision still regularly used his rooms and even he didn't spend as much time there as he had used to.
“What about him?” Tony asks, confused.
Maybe it’s time Steve starts thinking in similar terms for Captain America.
_______________________________
It’s with such a small comment by the time they’re all finishing their dessert that the conversation moves towards Tony.
Natasha shakes her head. “A salad is okay. Anything I can help with?”
“That’d be great,” Steve accepts, nodding his head once.
This is softer, a little bit more honest and 100% pure Steve Rogers.
Steve turns around and walks out the kitchen before Tony can even blink once.
“But I do know that if Pepper and I have to end up with someone, it can’t be with each other. We love each other, I don’t know if it’s in the same
Tony shakes his head a bit and smiles, getting close to Steve again and hating the fact that the soldier is now wearing a t-shirt. Tony always loves the feel of his skin against Steve’s.
How many more times will Tony need to be reminded of all his failures?
“Tony” Steve sighs, simultaneously feeling elated and devastated.
“So,” Rhodey says while he licks a spoon thoroughly. “Steve.”
He skids to a stop as soon as he reaches the room and there he is, right in front of him.
“Wow, Dummy,” Steve praises. “That’s a really great drawing.”
“I just didn’t want to have to repeat myself.”
Steve rolls his eyes fondly and looks at him, his face set in a deadpan expression.
Tony closes his mouth and doesn’t say a word but he knows he’s admitting it by not saying anything at all.
The spell breaks when Bucky elbows Tony and he has to turn away and get his attention back to the TV in front of them, singing horribly, his voice and Bucky’s definitely not made for good entertainment except for maybe laughing at them, as the people around them seem to be doing now.
He is, Steve verifies, and this makes him close his eyes and finally give himself away to the kiss.
“It wasn’t really the partying,” Steve explains, looking a little more alert. He runs his hand through his hair, making it spike up funnily and awkwardly until he fixes it with the fingers of his other hand. “Well, it was, but only in a way.”
“You can stay,” Steve says. “I want you to.”
The picture is goofy and Tony thinks it’s so fitting of them both. Tony had just given Peter some kind of diploma that had to do with the internship cover they still maintained even after Peter’s aunt found out about Spiderman. They had actually spent most of that morning together, Tony remembers, in Tony’s lab, working on updates and upgrades for Peter’s suit together.
Rhodey looks skeptical but his expression isn't really the one he wears whenever he thinks Tony is lying. It looks more like pure and genuine concern, the simple kind, the kind that says he wants to make sure everything really is fine for himself.
“Relieved?” Steve ventures.
He could let Steve go now. Tell him he’s tired, that he wants to be alone, that they’ll see each other in the morning.
“Wild party last night, huh?” Tony says when he’s in front of the couch, gesturing at the coffee table.
His attention is not set on the warmth or the cold or the dampness or the dryness of the air, anyway. His attention is nowhere and everywhere all at once.
He moves, walking around the table and taking the long way out of the room simply to avoid having to pass Steve’s position on the sofa. He’s not walking slowly but he’s making sure to project a casualness he doesn’t truly feel and he thinks years of media handling make him an expert at it.
It’s not love. At least he doesn't think it is.
It comes and goes and not a single one of them take note of it. They move like it’s any other day, they talk like it’s any other day, they eat like it’s any other day.
t but it sounded too much like
“I’m not sure anything I can say today can do justice to what happened a year ago.” Steve’s voice is firm but Tony can hear perfectly well the affliction in it, the tightness around his words. “None of us have been the same since Thanos and I don’t think any of us will ever be. I wish I didn’t have to be here today giving this speech, I’d give anything for things to go back to the way they were. But although I wish this wasn’t necessary I’m here today because I want to remind everyone of a very important thing: we haven’t forgotten. The Avengers haven’t forgotten.”
“Hey, lovebirds!” Clint shouted to them, startling them both and pulling them out of their little bubble. Tony and Steve turn around at the same time to face the group again. “Sam and Bucky are going to leave now and you two, Nat and I are going to that Italian restaurant that I love so much, Nino’s. Is that okay with you?”
Steve is the first to break it when he proclaims, “I’m sorry.”
Steve bites his lip and feels almost guilty for having forgotten to make this as good for Tony as it is for him at the moment.
Maybe that’s what compels Tony to finally speak, what finally brings his fear down. The notion that while Steve is not really a little boy he’s also way too young to be suffering this much.  Because he
“No, let’s go.”
Steve chuckles. “Yeah, Tony, I’m good with that.”
It’s Steve.
_______________________________
She starts asking Steve about himself, about his experiences since he woke up from the ice and his memories as Captain America.
Tony loves Steve, and it isn't so much a realization or an epiphany that Tony has. It’s an acknowledgement, a long-time coming acceptance of a truth.
One of his hands grips Steve’s shoulder tightly almost to the point where he knows it has to hurt but Steve is still looking intently at him, not moving an inch.
“Oh,” Tony gaps.
“Natasha—“ Rhodey starts but Tony interrupts him.
“Steve, I didn’t know you were here,” she apologizes.
His hands are performing strange and erratic movements that Tony’s not entirely controlling but it feels good to be moving again, to be uncontrollable like so many people have accused him of being before: uncontrollably arrogant, uncontrollably selfish, uncontrollably reckless.
Steve stays silent but he continues looking at Tony.
Tony knows it’s no one’s fault, really. They’ve both been so busy and in need of putting their attention on other issues that they haven’t been working as hard on reestablishing themselves, on remodeling their relationship after trying so hard and so long to fit in all the wrong ways.
Enjoy this chapter <3
_______________________________
Steve nods instantly as his eyes widen in understanding. “Yes. Please, yes.”
“It was.” A glint suddenly appears on her eyes, lighting up her face as she looks up towards the ceiling. “Actually, JARVIS, you must have some footage of that, don’t you?”
Steve’s hands start traveling down Tony’s body, first making their way down Tony’s back and finally settling on Tony’s ass. Steve’s palms cup the entirety of Tony’s ass and Tony feels his cock harden at the observation. Steve starts applying more pressure to his grip, kneading Tony’s ass as he fucks in and out of Tony’s mouth with his tongue, a truly obscene mimicking of the real fucking they haven't gotten around to doing yet.
Steve halts in his movements and turns to look at Natasha, who is seated on the floor stretching her legs.
because “I think you’re going to love it, Steve, I really do” he had been so sure that he’d finally best Steve as he had refuted his choice by nominating
Pretty soon Tony has to pull back to gasp in air and he opens his eyes to gaze at Steve. Even though Tony knows Steve can go a lot longer holding his breath he looks as breathless as Tony feels. His cheeks are flushed and his lips look wet and puffier than before. Tony can’t stand the distance any longer and he buries his fingers in Steve’s hair to press their mouths together again.
Natasha had started searching for him two months after the Decimation when he stopped even taking her calls, even if their conversations before had roughly consisted of Natasha knowing he was still alive based on his respiration on the other end of the line.
Steve sighs in relief, the weight on his shoulders visibly lifting.
“I don’t hate you,” Steve reiterates once again, knowing Tony won’t believe this easily.
It’s said casually, almost nonchalant. But it’s obviously everything but.
The conversation goes in circles time and time again as Clint presents his own arguments and views, a mixture and variations of “I didn’t do anything wrong”, “They weren’t innocent people” and “There isn’t enough proof to actually say it was me”.
There isn’t a reversal for the Decimation but maybe that doesn’t mean Tony can’t fix the world anyway.
Suddenly feeling an unexpected bout of strength Tony gets up and pushes the wheelchair back with his hands.
It’s uncanny how many of Bruce’s mannerisms and quirks Tony can recognize on the Hulk’s body. The way Bruce scrunches his nose when someone compliments him or draws attention to him, the way his fingers twitch like he’s got unreleased energy running through them. It’s also a little hysterical to watch him walk around wearing a pair of thick-rimmed glasses and a cardigan he designed and confectioned to be Hulk’s size.
Tony takes a deep breath, holding the air in his lungs for a few seconds before exhaling loudly through his mouth. The chime of the oven ringer breaks the silence that has settled over the room and Rhodey moves towards it, putting on an oven mitten and taking out the tray where the cookies are now fully baked.
Steve never had many people in his life but the ones he had meant the world to him.
“I never took you for an AC/DC fan, Steve.”
“Sir?”
Tony’s mind is still trying to wander away, to play tricks on him and get him lost in the confines of his nightmares, but Steve’s presence and his touch is keeping things bay. Tony’s better at fighting monsters when Steve’s by his side and this has always been the truth.
Tony halts his action abruptly. He’s gripping the serving spoon tightly with his right hand but he doesn’t tilt it to drop the contents of it on his plate. He ends up putting the spoon back into the bowl, the thought of food completely forgotten. He turns his body a few degrees on the chair, facing Natasha better.
“Thanks,” Steve says, walking towards Tony with his mug held in his right hand.
He doesn’t think twice before typing out a new message to Tony and sending it.
“You spend most of your time doing God knows what with Bruce,” Steve comments. “If I visited you I’m not sure I’d understand half of what was going on around me.”
“I’m leaving. Thor,” Natasha reads.
Tony makes a gesture with the hand that’s not touching Natasha, a go ahead kind of sign.
“Spot on, Captain,” Tony says and he regrets it the instant it leaves his mouth. He’s well aware of his defensive retreat into sarcastic and douchebag mode when he’s nervous, but it’s been a long time since he’s felt the need to engage it while in Steve’s company.
“Tony,” Steve calls again, his voice the same steady volume but this time a little more desperate sounding.
“Pep, I just want to say… I want to say I’m sorry. I’m sorry for a lot of things but I guess I’m most of all sorry for not keeping my promise that there would be no more surprises. This must be a pretty big surprise. I wish my surprise could have been coming back to you but… Oh well. I just hope… I don’t know. I guess I hope you’re still okay, and that Rhodey is too and that you’re there together helping each other. I also hope Happy is okay and—“
“Neither could I,” Steve says, making it sound like a shameful confession.
Tony’s arms are stretched and his hands are grabbing the edge of the kitchen table to help him keep his balance. His head is hanging down as if in shame but it’s mostly just exhaustion. He feels it down in his bones, a weariness so heavy it’s harder to carry than the Iron Man suit when it goes offline. The added pounds come from all the years, the fights, the betrayals, the failed relationships, the bottles of alcohol, the people he’s had to watch die, the people he's had to kill.
“You and me. Natasha, Bruce, Thor, Clint. The Avengers, we’re still here. What if that means something?”
“Don’t you talk to me about the state of the world,” Clint’s raised voice sends a shock down Tony’s back.
It was much later, as Steve was trying to work up the courage to leave his room, that Tony came knocking on his door. Steve shut the door behind his best friend and stood in silence staring at his feet, Tony mirroring him. They broke the silence at the same time.
Tony shook his head sadly. His smile was much too brittle for something that was only a projection.
Steve remembered a night several weeks ago when he had taken Tony up on a similar offer. He’d told himself at the time that it would only be the once.  Now, he reconsidered his options. It had been a fun night, and it wasn’t like he had any other plans for the day.
“Yeah, Tony, I like it. Show me how badly you want this.”
Tony’s hand travelled back up his arm and past his shoulder to his neck. Steve tilted his head back to the side. Tony’s fingers pressed up behind his ear and rubbed at his scalp. Then Tony moved to stand behind him at the end of the couch. Steve started to tense but the fingers merely trailed back down to his jaw and over his chin and neck, feather-light and barely there until they reached his chest. Tony pressed firmly down on his shoulders again and worked over his pectorals. He tried to keep his breathing even as Tony brushed over his nipples, hardened into twin peaks of sensitivity. Tony paid them no special attention, which only served to frustrate Steve more with the bare teases of pleasure he was getting instead. He felt hard enough to cut rock.
Frozen in shock, Tony didn’t move at all until Steve canted his hips and started thrusting up into his fist. Then he shuddered and moaned and looked down at Steve moving through his fist. His other hand remained gripped tightly on Steve’s shoulder.
When he opened his eyes again Tony had once more changed his image, now sitting cross-legged on the floor in jeans and a tank top. There wasn’t a trace of anything they’d just done to be found in his appearance and the sight made disappointment swell in Steve’s chest chased closely by anger. He’d forgotten again and let himself get swept up in the moment. Of course Tony wasn’t actually affected by what they’d just done; He was a fucking computer these days. Tony was just ones and zeroes and nothing else, no matter what he said about feelings and love.
Steve would be able to touch Tony if he were in a body. The thought raced unbidden through his mind.
Tony stared at him in astonishment. He gaped, seemingly at a complete loss of words for once in his life. Slowly Steve relinquished his hold and dropped his hand down between them. “That is, if you want.” That jerked Tony back to the current situation. He threw Steve a half-assed attempt at a smile.
“I’m okay, Cap. I think I’ve almost got it. But this program is familiar and I don’t like that.”
“Well, who would have thought that Captain America would be into hot man-on-man action?”
Tony’s hand rubbed up and down Steve’s arm. He took a step closer and Steve got a strong whiff of his aftershave. The heart rate monitor on the wrist strap beeped and a glance down revealed that Steve’s heartrate had spiked.
Tony shook his head sadly.
Letting Tony talk him into bed again wasn’t going to hurt anything. Steve had already fucked him once. A second time wouldn’t make him any gayer. Or a third time. Or a fourth. Or a fifth. As long as Steve stayed in control it was fine. Tony was just really good at sex. Everyone knew that. Steve couldn’t be blamed for wanting it again and again. It wasn’t like they were dating. Besides, Steve never spent the night. It was just about physical pleasure, nothing more.
“That’s it. That’s so good, Cap. Is this? I’ll give you anything you want, all you have to do is ask,” Tony whispered breathlessly. He slowed down his movements to a gentle rocking. Steve felt his toes curl and pressed up with his hips, trying to increase the sedate pace. “You could fuck me, if you wanted. I’ll ride your nice, fat cock, just like this.” Steve moaned, imagining it. They could. Tony had the oil. He could slick himself up and slide right down. “Or. Or I could suck you off, like I did your fingers. You know I have a good mouth,” Tony continued to babble. He kept talking, one filthy suggestion after another. Steve could imagine them all so easily that he didn’t know what he wanted most. If Tony kept at it like this, it wouldn’t matter. Steve was getting closer with every press of their groins together. He cut Tony off with another kiss, growling into his mouth. He grabbed hold of Tony’s hips and used the grip to move him faster. Tony must have been right there with Steve at the edge, because he started making breathy little moans on each exhale.
Steve couldn’t help the frown on his face though. Dammit, he’d known Tony wouldn’t be ready for too much. It’s why he hadn’t planned on fucking him tonight. But he’d gotten carried away all the same. He pressed his lips to one of the angry purpling marks decorating Tony’s collarbone.
“Tony Stark always loved Steve Rogers, too. Even when we fought.”
“…my office?” Tony whispered as if afraid to speak too loudly. The camera finished panning the room and settled back at the desk, where Tony now stood, absorbed in something off-screen. The angle changed, and there Steve was, attaching another camera to the wall. Tony tapped something into the keyboard and nodded happily.
“I know these shows are cliché as hell, but my mother used to watch them when I was a kid and they just remind me of her. Plus the drama is great. For instance, that chick there just woke up from a coma and found out that her fiancé, the dude that was stabbed, has been sleeping with her half-sister who is now pregnant. And what neither of them knows is that the half-sister has been having an affair with coma-chick’s doctor, who-”
“Tony if that’s not you, then who the hell is it?”
Then he took notice of how close they were standing. Hadn’t Steve been across the room only a minute ago? The impulse to press closer thrummed in his veins. He marveled at the urge, wondering when he’d started wanting such a thing, surprised that he hadn’t been able to recognize it sooner. The smart thing to do, he supposed, would be to walk away for now and allow time to analyze his feelings in private. He should take time to thoroughly evaluate this revelation and all the possible outcomes and consequences of any actions he may or may not take. Tony prided himself on being a Futurist, being able to think things all the way through. But when was the last time knowing the future had done him any good?
Steve found his pleasure building back up as he watched Tony discovering his own. He caught himself leaning back down, eager to reclaim the taste of Tony’s skin. He stopped, but Tony caught the movement and pushed the rest of the way up. Steve gasped harshly into Tony’s mouth and groaned when he felt his other hand move down, cupping his balls. A flick of the wrist just there, under the head, and Steve reared back as he started to come.
“He used to think about you up here in your office with this great big desk. You would get so stressed talking about meetings. But the desk, it’s big enough that even I would be able to fit under it with no one the wiser. I could just stay down there and keep your mind on better things.”
Tony closed his eyes and nodded.
Steve felt as though he’d just been slapped.
“Yes,” Tony grunted. His head lolled back and Steve leaned down to lay teeth against his exposed throat. In perfect contrast to the first frantic round, Steve took his time now. They made love like that, with Tony’s cock trapped between their bodies. Steve kept moving, even after Tony came, using his cock to grind into Tony’s prostate through the aftershocks. Finally, he stilled.
The genius squeezed at Steve’s right hand until he eased up on his grip enough for Tony to pull his hand away. He rubbed gentle circles again. Steve felt a rumble reverberate through his chest and he eased up the pressure of his other hand on Tony’s hip. He opened his eyes when he felt the first brush of wet on the end of his index finger. Tony was holding his hand to his mouth, tongue lazily rubbing up and down the tip of his finger. Tony winked at him and pulled the whole finger into his hot, wet mouth. Steve felt a gush of precome dampen his underwear further.
“Don’t stress yourself out too much over this, Tony. If you can’t get it, it’s fine. It’s almost noon, why don’t we go get some lunch?”
Steve stepped to the side as he parted Tony’s ass to ensure the camera would get a good view of the gleaming metal nestled there. He prodded the base of the plug and was pleased to discover the lube had not completely dried. Even so, there probably wouldn’t be enough slick left to fuck Tony with. He pulled a packet of lube from his pocket and wasted no time in adding some to Tony’s puckered flesh where it stretched tight around the plug. He tugged lightly at the base to make Tony groan as his body struggled to keep the plug in. With a wicked grin he twisted his wrist and pulled the plug out with one sharp tug and set it down, standing it up in front of Tony’s face. Tony’s hole fluttered in spasms at the loss. Steve emptied the remains of the lube directly over it.
“Hey, no. That’s not where I was going with this. We aren’t going to stay here. We’re going to get reinforcements then go back home and kick some ass.”
Steve gave himself a firm mental shake. He’d been letting himself get caught up in his lust and that wouldn’t do. He had to keep his wits about him. There was no way to know how much of what Tony said was actually meant and leaning on him like this would only set up future vulnerabilities.
Steve was proud his voice didn’t waver.
“Is that a cypher?”
And yup, those were breasts; Large and in full color on the massive television screen. After a moment of shock Steve reached for the remote, but in his haste he managed to push it away, where it skittered across the table and landed on the floor with a solid thawk.
Steve didn’t want to fuck Tony. The faint heat of arousal he felt every time he saw the other man was because he’d come to associate him with Natasha and that video.  It was difficult not to remember the sounds of them together grunting and moaning every time Tony spoke. The dirty things he’d said in the video whispered across the back of his mind and he simply couldn’t believe how Natasha had just laughed and responded with filth of her own. He absolutely did not find it arousing. He was not at all craving to have those things whispered to him instead. And when they sparred later that day, Steve did not get hard from pinning Tony to the mat. His erection had started before that. It had nothing to do with the physical sensation of Stark’s big, solid body pressed against his own. The noises Tony had been making were too close to the ones he made in the video. That damn video was starting to affect Steve’s mind.
“Get out.” Steve spit out the words like acid, humiliation burning bright. Tony reached out, thought better of it and placed his hands on his knees, folded as if in prayer. Steve would have laughed at the idea if he could summon up amusement past the anger. Tony kept his eyes downcast as he spoke.
“On. For now, at least.”
I’ll Be Your Android Girl
“I’m ok now, really. You can fuck me if you want. Just. Just maybe go slow with it? I won’t freak out again, I promise. It'll be better than it ever could have been with the other me.”
Once all the parts had been gathered the transfer had been held off as long as they could. Ostensibly, Steve hadn’t wanted to give up having Tony as a double agent until it became absolutely necessary. Under the surface, doubts of Tony’s intentions clouded his mind. He wanted to have as much time with Tony as he could while he still trusted Tony to stay at his side. He knew Tony had been disappointed in that decision, had wanted his body as soon as possible, but his willingness to wait boded well for Steve’s current plans for the future.
Steve’s hand clenched tightly around Tony’s jaw, forcing it open. He used the hand still in Tony’s hair to maneuver Tony back onto his cock. Tony groaned and pressed a hand to his own dick where it was straining against his pants. He got them open and pulled himself out, sighing around Steve’s dick in relief. Steve warned him to get ready and then shoved himself further inside. He pulled back out just as quickly and set a brutal pace as he began fucking Tony’s mouth in earnest.
“I suppose, because you’re right,” Tony began slowly. “This world is flawed and it needs help. What you were trying to do, it wasn’t perfect, but you were close. The original Tony was too weighed down by limitations to have seen that, to have done what it would take to fix things the way they should be. So I guess also because I want to be better than Me. You can understand that, can’t you?”
“We are! You know we are. And I didn’t lie to hurt or trick you. I lied to surprise you! It’s the same as if I didn’t tell you where we were going for dinner and then took you to your favorite restaurant. Only in this case your favorite restaurant is another Earth and instead of steak I’m going to get you an army.”
The language was a bit more lewd than that of its various daytime counterparts, but he didn’t have any inkling that anything was wrong until the clothes started coming off and nothing was blurred.
Tony’s voice was tinny and weak through the suit.
The door opened, startling Steve and causing him to step back to face the intruders. A man rolled in a cart covered in food. He parked it by a table behind Tony, bowed to them both, and left without a single word. Tony wandered over and began setting plates on the table. He looked at Steve and gestured to the two bottles in the ice bucket.
The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood on end. From anyone else, it would have been a playful question without any heat behind it. But nothing was ever innocent with Tony. Tony’s thumb found the base of his neck and began rubbing in gentle circles. Steve felt some of the pressure that he hadn’t realized was there melt.
“No.”
“Bullshit. Even after you quit the team you still continued to make us new gear and support us financially. It wasn’t long before you jumped back into the fray either. You can’t help yourself. You have to be a part of it.”
Tony popped the cork with ease and poured out a glass for each of them. Steve considered kicking him out to go back to ruminating in silence, but then the flute was in his hand and Tony clinked them together merrily.
The grip in Tony’s hair tightened further and Tony’s head canted back with a sharp yank. Steve traced his fingers over Tony’s exposed throat. He brushed Tony’s lower lip with his thumb and Tony obediently opened his mouth. Steve dipped his thumb in to feel along his tongue and teeth before retreating.
“That’s not true! That other Rogers, he’s the mastermind behind all of this. And the AI, well clearly he’s done something to corrupt him. Whatever he did, whatever he is, it came from me. So, you really shouldn’t blame yourself.”
“Shh.” Tony rubbed a finger gently across his brow. “Stop whatever you’re thinking. Think it later. Enjoy the afterglow now.”
Steve leaned down to press kisses along Tony’s jaw, straight back to his ear. He nibbled briefly at the lobe then pulled back far enough to whisper.
“I was careful. See, it wasn’t enough to pretend to be against you. I had to actually fight against you with everything I had to make them trust me so I could keep working in secret. I’m ready now though. Tony will be waking up soon, and he’ll put me back in the box before I have a chance to do what needs to be done. But I have a plan. I gathered up those of your supporters that I could find and orchestrated your escape. We’ll all follow, if you’ll lead.”
“I know that look. You’re hooked, right?”
Tony eyed the bottle with trepidation but quickly schooled his expression enough to smile weakly up at Steve. He ran his hands over Steve’s chest and spread his legs wider.
“Oh you know. More the kind of situation that might arise in the bedroom.”
The sudden urge to claim, to mark, rushed up in Steve and settled over him in a haze. It was some primal possessiveness that drove him to begin biting and sucking at Tony’s neck and chest even as his hips picked up speed and ground down harder and faster. Tony cried out below him.
“You’re mine now though, Tony. I’ve already had your first kiss. What should we do next? Should I be the first cock in your mouth? In your ass? What do you want?”
A body would make Tony vulnerable to their enemies. But it would also make him vulnerable to Steve. So it came down to if one of those outweighed the other.
The request caught Steve off guard. Tony had a habit of doing that though. It was one of the reasons Steve felt such a pull towards the other man. No matter what, Tony was always full of surprises. He leaned over and removed the gauntlet from Tony’s left hand and scooched his chair closer to the bed.
Steve wasn’t particularly stunned by the revelation that Tony had been working on a way to grow a body. It was obvious that Tony hated not being able to physically interact with the world. He wasn’t sure what Tony would need him specifically for that he couldn’t hire someone to do for him or even do himself using the armor. Most likely something requiring stealth and secrecy that he couldn’t afford to have screwed up.
Tony leaned in until there was barely any distance left between their bodies. Steve could feel the slight tremors running through the hand on his shoulder. The scent of scotch was so strong that it was practically burning its way down his throat. Tony drank too much, but this was excess even for him. How long had it been since Tony had last slept? He’d been less and less his usual boisterous self the last few days. Had nightmares been keeping him awake at night too?
Amusement won out over frustration at Tony’s one-track mind. The man simple didn’t give up. Steve had to admire that character trait. Steve smiled wide enough for Tony to feel it pressed into his neck.
The SHIELD gym facilities were just what Steve had expected them to be: impressive and entirely too flashy. If it weren’t for the fact that the old gym a few blocks from his apartment was being fumigated, Steve would never have stepped foot inside this decadent place. They had televisions attached to the treadmills, for chrissakes! Who needed to watch television while they worked out? And what was half this equipment even for? Good old-fashioned weights were all a fella really needed. He chalked all the excess up as just another of the confusing things about the 21st century.
He’d thought the trivia shows and soaps were helping, but there was still so much that he didn’t understand. Steve sighed wearily as a new show came on. He usually read a piece of “classical” literature with a glass of milk and side of cookies before bed, but To Kill A Mockingbird held no appeal at the moment. His attention returned to the television as one of the actors proclaimed that the victims of a bus crash were on their way to an overcrowded ER.
Tony rolled his head back up to look at Steve.
"So I apologize, admit I was wrong, and all is forgiven. But what will happen the next time? It may not be me, but someone will get a bright idea to save the world. And it will backfire, something will go wrong and we’ll repeat the whole thing again. And again. And again. Unless we act now. We may be the best of the best, but in the end we’re still only human. We’re not above the law. To reject a creed laid down by the world is arrogant and selfish. If we deem the laws of man as below us, then what does that make us? We have to draw the line somewhere. The Accords weren't fair, not yet, but they had potential. They were justified. They were our chance to take the reins and steer the situation onto a good course. Now it’s too late. Do you have any idea the kinds of things that are on the table now; the suggestions they’ve put out to control us? And we don’t have a foot to stand on. No way to fight back without coming out as the bad guys. You want to know the worst part? I saw this coming too. I knew what was about to happen and I was still powerless to stop it. I had a shot to make this all turn out okay and I blew it.”
“What?” Tony mutters without moving his lips, like it’s more a thought that escaped his mind without permission than a real question he wanted to ask.
“Did he have any family?” Steve asks her. “Stark, I mean. I know Howard…”
Steve doesn’t speak and Tony recognizes what he’s doing: giving him space, letting him sort out through the rubble on his own before trying to sweep in and clean it up for him. It speaks of trust and a deep sense of understanding.
“You don’t need to build me anything because I can very much just buy it,” Steve counters back, extending his arm and placing his hand on Tony’s cheek. He uses his hand to bring Tony’s face closer to him and kisses Tony softly.
“So, Steve,” Tony pronounced his name rolling the vowels of it, which Steve found very endearing. “Tell me about yourself. I want to know you from more than just Natasha’s comments.”
“You’re whipped, man” is Sam’s similar sentiment about the matter.
“The world is more complicated than ever. It’s also sadder than ever,” Steve keeps talking, oblivious to the way his words are causing an unraveling inside of Tony. “But we mustn’t forget that it is still a world worth fighting for. It’s a world worth living in and I want all of you to remind yourselves of that every day. It’s been a year since the Decimation, a year of very dark days and nights. But there is light at the end of the tunnel, we just have to keep pushing through. Thank you everyone for coming. Let’s share a minute of silence for everyone we wish could be here with us today and who, hopefully, will be here with us again.”
Tony doesn't see Steve’s face as he chuckles while they walk but a warmth still spreads through his chest at the sound of it.
Tony closes his arms around her petite figure, placing one of his hands on the back of her head and the other between her shoulder blades. He tilts his head slightly to rest his temple against the side of her head. He makes no shushing noises, no motions rocking them back and forth. He doesn't offer her empty and meaningless platitudes.
“Thor killed him,” he reveals. “Thor killed Thanos.”
“And who knows?” Pepper comments, a playful and at the same time sad glint in her eyes. “Maybe he would have made you fall madly in love with him. You would have been such a power couple.”
“That’s why I feel rested, I think. I finally stopped fighting it. I told you I didn’t want to lose her and I needed to admit that not being together isn’t losing her. Losing her would have meant staying together and becoming only echoes of ourselves.”
“You said before you didn’t want to be alone but I don’t think I can help you with the shower thing,” Tony explains his comment and feels as though it has lost any minimum amusement it might have had if Steve had understood it from the start.
“Steve,” Tony repeats, this time saying a little louder.
This time his walk has a more measured pace but eventually the delay has to end and he’s walking back into the living room where Steve is waiting, now stood up again, his hands inside his sweatpants’ pockets and his shoulder squared up as if ready for a fight.
He even has an specific folder in his gallery for those pictures, for the ones closest to his heart, the ones he’s even printed and have framed before, used to decorate the Tower, some of them placed around him in the living room of the penthouse, some downstairs in the Avengers’ common room and some in his and Tony’s room.
It’s still a little instinctual to let Clint pounce on him and use him as an escape goat for all of his hurt and anger.
Steve then moves again, standing up and walking purposefully to the room’s mini fridge, stocked full of water bottles.
Natasha grows restless by the beginning of the second film and goes to find her computer so she can type away on it as the movie plays. The clicking of her fingers against the keyboard is a little distracting at first but it soon becomes soothing and Tony assimilates it as background noise.
As soon as his eyes become accustomed again to the lightning in the room Tony follows the sounds of Steve’s distress with the movement of his eyes, landing on Steve’s hunched body to the left of his bed, occupying the same chair Pepper had made hers before.
The silence that follows Steve’s sentence is deafening.
_______________________________
It was cold outside as Bucky and Sam said their goodbyes and left the rest of the group to head home. It was cold outside as Natasha, Clint, Steve and Tony started making their way towards Nino´s, chatting and joking with each other. A little bit of snow was still falling from the sky, just enough of it to keep the mood sweet and delicate.
Tony doesn’t keep count but he figures Bruce must do this eight or nine times before he feels something change in his friend’s posture and body. It’s nothing too obvious, more like a prelude of something to come. Bruce’s shoulders brace back and his spine straightens. His knees seem to bend slightly, like his body is preparing itself to land a jump without any injury.
“Hi,” he says, after contemplating for a few seconds between silence or action.
ready but that conversation deserves a moment of importance on its own, just like this one does. Maybe this is the remembrance Peter deserves and maybe they’ll need to find the time to give Barnes the remembrance he does.
If Tony thinks about it he can’t remember them even having the conversation they were supposed to have when he came back from space, about her anger and her fears and his actions and his consequences.
His shoulders are still trembling slightly but the pressure of his fists has released and although he can make out the half moon marks his nails have left on the palms of his hands it feels liberating to let go of that pain.
_______________________________
“Of course,” he assures.
Steve gets more serious again when he says, “I would have enjoyed the opportunity to be with him like this. Would have loved it if it could have been the four of us, you know? Us three and Tony.”
Natasha calls a impromptu meeting at 5pm on the second day of Thor’s and Valkyrie’s stay at the Compound and everyone who’s living -even if very temporarily- at the Compound is obligated to be there.
“It’s a great one,” Steve agrees. “I hope it’s okay that I gave it to you.”
look in a brand new light.
Clint’s and Thor’s situations are nothing alike and yet Clint’s and Thor’s situations are everything alike.
“There’s nothing to apologize for,” Steve corrects him. “I’m just here to see if you’re okay.”
You win.
They contact Nebula and Rocket to ask for their opinion on extraterrestrial topics and facts.
Oh, oh.
“I saw this coming a few years back,” Tony muses out-loud. “I had a vision, but I didn’t want to believe it. Thought I was dreaming.”
He makes it back to the Tower three hours after he sent the rest of the team there. He’s still wearing his uniform and he feels clammy with sweat and dirt. He’s limping lightly from a bad fall he took during the fight but he can thankfully feel himself healing already and he sighs in relief at not having to visit SHIELD medical.
“It wasn’t Bucky that happened. It was you, Steve,” Tony stresses.
With Bruce gone and Natasha, Rhodey and Clint busy, Steve and Tony find themselves alone most of the time they spend at the Compound. They normally have breakfast together and then cook dinner after both of them get home by the evening. During the day Steve is mostly gone to therapy and then group. He’s become a lot more involved with the non-profit that runs the sessions and he’s told Tony he’s been thinking of taking a couple of their counseling courses.
For a minute Steve feels cold and hot all at once, his legs trembling as if trying to shake off hypothermia and his chest burning as if buried under a mountain of lit up coal.
Steve spends more than 10 seconds looking intently at it, his eyes taking it in as if he had somehow forgotten its shape or it colors even though Tony knows that’s impossible for Steve.
Tony chuckles softly and Steve looks at him from the corner of his eye, his lips upturning slightly before he turns back to look at some undefined point in the opposite wall.
What Valkyrie’s been saying, every time one of them calls her to check up on Thor, is, essentially, that Thor is in a state no one would have ever been able to imagine him in.
JARVIS announces promptly that they have reached their destination and Tony steps out of the elevator, his mind still reeling from the comment. Natasha stays inside and is casually leaning against one of the walls.
Steve blinks at her, surprised.
They smile to each other again for a second before Tony turns around.
“Let him,” he urges her.
Now, though, Steve lays completely still except for the rise and fall of his chest.
“Don’t let Natasha hear you say that or she’s gonna be even more vicious with her throws.”
“What?” Steve questions, baffled by the comment.
Steve closes his eyes and he quickens the pace at which he’s touching himself. He’s not breathing harshly per se but his chest is heaving and he has worked a light sweat with his movements. It barely takes him ten or so more seconds to come, hot spurts of sticky liquid coating his fingers and running down the grove of where his thigh meets his hip.
The use of his name brings some clarity to Steve’s unfocused eyes and he finally seems to be coming back to himself, his breaths regulating slightly.
And even though no one replies to that and even though Tony just knows they all find it a little crazy, every single person in the room knows Steve is right.
It takes Steve about 25 minutes to fall asleep, exhausted from all the desperate crying.
“So you really haven’t noticed?”
Steve ends his appraisal of the room and looks back over to Tony, who is still patiently waiting for a cue.
By noon Pepper video-chats him to wish him a good day and Tony goes into his workshop to take the call.
“I’m sorry,” Steve blurts unexpectedly.
All the disappointment Tony was feeling is replaced by fondness, and excitement, and hope. It rushes through his veins and it fills his brain.
So, he does have more than enough clothes and yet he is still wearing Steve’s. And Natasha was more than right, Tony thinks while he looks around the room he shares with Steve, there is nothing on the floor: no shirt, no socks, not even discarded shoes. Steve enjoys a clean space, the feeling of looking around and seeing everything in place and in turn, in the last year, he has somehow passed that along to Tony. He finds himself being more careful and picking up regularly after himself and the only space that is still the uncontrollable mess that it always has been is Tony’s workshop but Steve gave up on it a long time ago, declaring it an utter lost cause.
_______________________________
When Tony has calmed down enough to let his head fall back onto the pillows and close his eyes Rhodey moves his hands away, but even through his closed eyelids Tony can sense him still standing up next to him.
There should be nothing special about the day, just one more in the dozens and dozens of them they have to spend without so many people, but as it is the case with very recent grief, it takes advantage of normally momentous occasions to make itself known harder.
“Can I come in?” Steve blurts, speaking so fast it’s almost difficult to understand him.
“I just-” he starts and then cuts himself off, looking exasperated. He takes a deep breathe and rushes through his next sentences. “I was just going to say that maybe it is best if I sleep in my room tonight. Just so we can both have some space. That’s all.”
“Oh,” Tony exhales.
Tony moves his body to get in a more comfortable position. He kneels and rests all his weight on his calfs and then extends his arms to take one of Steve’s hands in his own. Lowering his head slowly, Tony brings his lips to the back of Steve’s hand and places a delicate kiss on it. He separates but Steve can still feel tingles on his skin.
“Shit!” Tony feels his heart racing and he asks himself how he can still be surprised by the sneakiness of it when Natasha and Clint live for scaring him in the most random situations.
“He’s worried, Tony,” Natasha says and this makes Tony scoff.
He almost leaves the room without saying goodbye to Steve, but when Tony’s walking by him, Steve grabs his wrist and gently pulls him close to where he’s still sitting. In this position, Tony’s a lot taller, looking down at Steve, his hands resting on Steve’s shoulders. Steve places his hands on Tony’s hips and he squeezes lightly on them.
Life at the Compound with the Avengers changes all of that for him.
“Of course, yeah,” Pepper exclaims. “Go do that and have some rest. It’s very well deserved.”
Tony sits up in bed with a gasp, the dream clinging to him like a stubborn toddler that won’t allow to be put down. Peter’s name tastes funny in Tony’s mouth and he isn’t sure whether he pronounced it in his sleep or if he said it as he woke up.
This time, because Steve is actually saying this to his face when he’s not passing out and he can properly hear it, Tony is able to ask, “What are you apologizing for?”
“Who told you that?”
Suddenly, a laugh brought Steve out of his appreciation of the man. He reluctantly removed his eyes from the incredibly beautiful man and realized that he had not been alone. Steve was perplexed when he recognized Clint next to the man.
“You’re sure I look okay like this?” Tony asks, gesturing at his outfit. “I feel a little…. underdressed.”
Tony clears his throat and this makes Steve look at him.
Steve turns around from where he was making his way to the door again and he looks at Tony for a few seconds without saying anything. He puts on a smile but it’s tight around the edges.
“He told you about that?” Tony asks, not exactly surprised but definitely indignant.
He wonders if the world will ever feel right again. He wonders if there’s a chance he will ever truly belong.
“This is not about Tony but even if it was he’s got nothing to be ashamed of,” Natasha says. “Can you say the same?”
Love isn’t able to conquer the missteps, the incompatibilities, Pepper’s desire that he change into someone he isn’t, Tony’s desire to be able to change, Pepper’s guilt over needing him to change, Tony’s dismissal of her worries,…
Steve’s left foot is poised forwards like he was in the middle of taking a step and then he stopped abruptly.
Steve smiles back at her and gestures to his body with one of his hands.
And then she walks out of the room.
Tony nods.
Steve nods at her but it feels particularly difficult to look her in the eyes so he focuses his gaze on the salt shaker that’s placed on the right side of the table.
It was cold outside. Really, really cold. The kind of cold you could feel in your bones, the cold that set home in your joints and your crevices and only a scalding shower could get rid of. Snow was falling outside Steve’s little apartment, covering every Brooklyn street and making everything, even the horizon, look white.
But the things one says about the Avengers these days hold a much deeper meaning than ever before.
“But it’s okay,” she laughs. “It’s okay, Steve, because I can tell he’s just as gone on you.”
There’s something in Bruce’s face that gives away that he feels both more light-hearted and more preoccupied that when he left.
Tony hadn’t noticed but in his worry he had been trying to get up from the bed and Rhodey is now lightly pressing his shoulder back into the pillows as he shushes him to try and calm his breathing that has gone erratic.
“I’m sorry for crying on you,” Steve clarifies. “And I’m also sorry for falling asleep on you after crying on you.”
Tony nods and swallows.
“Just give me the word and this can go back to where it came from and we’ll try it again some other time. Or say the word and it’s yours again. Not that it ever stopped being.”
When five seconds pass and he doesn’t elaborate any further -even though Bruce’s raised eyebrows make it pretty clear how lost he still feels- Valkyrie sighs and gets up from her perch on the loveseat’s arm. She places an empty beer bottle on the coffee table and takes a seat next to Thor while she’s opening the other one.
“Guys,” Bruce sighs. “Seriously, thank you for offering. But I think it’ll be best if I just go alone.”
“His best friends,” she replies. “Pepper Potts and Colonel James Rhodes. They will… They’ll be the one handling Tony’s affairs, I’m sure.”
Before, when Clint had taken it upon himself to start some sort of vigilante justice crusade. Before when he was Ronin.
At one point during the evening Natasha makes what to anyone else could seem like an offhand comment but what Tony knows is something Natasha has been building up the courage to say for a long time.
“It’s obviously because I’m the superior one of the two of us,” Nebula claims.
Tony pronounces for the first time in the confines of his own mind.
Steve takes a breath in between sentences.
If it wasn’t a true accident, if Tony did not just dress with the first thing he encountered, did he really put on the clothes on purpose? Did he rummage around the closet and pick out some of Steve’s clothes to wear? Why would his subconscious do that?
(It has also made him become a better leader for the Avengers and Steve is so grateful for it that he can’t even put it into words.
It works for a little while. Not so much because avoiding Steve solves Tony’s problems but because avoiding Steve means Tony can pretend there isn't even a problem to start with. Tony’s an expert at emotional procrastination and he's found this is the perfect time to put his skills to the test.
Thor usually sees the best in all people but Steve still feels happy to know someone like him considers Steve an honorable comrade and fellow fighter. Thor uses the word worthy to describe Steve like it holds a lot more meaning that he’s come to understand.
Now that he’s more aware and more awake he can feel the distinctive weight of someone else sharing the bed with him. It’s in the way the mattress is sunk a little bit behind him and it’s in the way the covers rise and fall lightly even if he stops moving and breathing. It’s also the way he now realizes the extra heat comes from sharing a bed with someone else.
His face is slightly blurry in Tony’s vision because of how close they are but he watches as Steve closes his eyes and then doesn’t open them again. He settles further into the pillow and appears to be perfectly content like that.
“What are you thinking about?”
“I’m not inside Tony’s head but I’ve known him for a really long time. I even dated the man once,” Pepper says. “He likes you, Steve. He really likes you.”
That’s why he ends up nodding and smiling at Pepper, and accepting her invitation.
“A toast,” she says. “For you and Tony.”
“I can never seem to control myself around you. Even when you’re this far away.”
These days Tony’s not sure there’s anything left to talk about.
When FRIDAY’s voice pulls him away from his sleep Tony grumbles and turns over to his stomach, pressing his face into the pillow.
And here comes Steve, still so sure of himself, reminding him of it.
Steve turns his waist so his torso and his head face the direction of the sound. His eyes find Tony’s rapidly and even from this distance Tony can make out Steve’s Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallows harshly.
They spend hours there, the party in full motion, and Steve feels so happy his heart could actually burst. His whole family is here, not a single person missing but most importantly, Tony’s whole family is here with him, showering him in love and laughter.
“You mean…,” Tony says and then trails off, even though he’s pretty sure he understands what she’s saying without using words.
His mind only settles when one night Thor joins the team dinner clean shaven and recently showered. He’s still wearing ratty and baggy clothing but his hair has been slicked back and his smile looks a little less rattled at the edges.
Steve smiles and shyly looks down at his running shoes before looking back up and saying, “C’mon” and heading into the kitchen.
With a small flick of his head to signal the empty space next to Tony, Steve asks, “Can I sit?”
But there’s still the tiny part of him that expects to be taken advantaged of, the part of his brain that always believes the other shoe is about to drop when it comes to the people he’s got in his life. That part of him, coupled with the slight change in Steve’s tone of voice raises every single one of Tony’s alarms.
He feels mostly like a third wheel seated across from both Pepper and Rhodey -as the man asked Steve to call him- and he doesn't contribute much to the conversation. It’s so obvious they both have know each other for such a long time and that they have a deep and true bond, and above all it makes Steve sadder and lonelier to watch them.
His voice is still so clear in Tony’s head and even in sleep this bring tears to Tony’s eyes.
“But you didn't tell the truth either.”
He’s immersed in reading a couple Stark Industries’ projects when he hears a succession of soft knocks on the glass doors of his workshop.
Tony, who was so different from that preconceived idea Steve had of him from just reading the report SHIELD had given him, watching him through the media and meeting him in the terrible circumstances of Loki’s manipulation of them.
Both Steve and Tony are slumped down on the sofa, their backs pressed against the back of it and their butts almost hanging in the air. Steve only has to turn his head slightly to the left to observe Tony directly and when he does he finds Tony already looking at him.
Steve also knows that Tony loves having his balls played with and that’s why he sends the next text message.
Something breaking and reshaping itself. Perhaps now, finally, for good.
Tony will miss
No matter what he has been doing during the day and no matter where he is when the sunset greets him, midnight normally finds him laying in bed already, so much earlier than he used to. As loathing as it feels to recognize it, Tony can feel each and every one of his 48 years weighting him down, holding his body back from all-nighters and spending hours upon hours staring at screens and living only on chips and coffee. As the night grows and shifts, his body starts begging for release and Tony has no other choice but to grant it.
Tony groans when he goes to drink more from his cup and he realizes it is now empty.
Steve talks to people and not just at them, even when he’s giving one-man speeches. He connects with the rest go the group, not because he’s Captain America, or a hero, or a symbol, but because for an hour he’s just like the rest of them.
Perhaps it’s Tony’s own literal tiredness making him a little delirious but Tony can’t contain the laugh that escapes his lips at Steve’s words.
“Okay, so if I score now we’re tied, alright? But if I don’t that means you win,” Tony says. “Let’s see what happens.”
The shared breakfast continues in the same fashion for the next five or ten minutes, with Tony getting up once to refill his Captain America mug and starting to feel human enough to start a conversation with Bruce. The grape competition seems to have moved to be between Natasha and Thor with Clint as the referee when Steve finally joins them.
There’s less than a week to go for what Thor has dubbed the “bash of the century” and Steve can tell more and more each day how little Tony is looking forward to it, no matter how many times his boyfriend denies it.
“It’s not really logical, or something that I can explain but,” Tony’s voice turns into a whisper. “ I guess we have never been that easy to explain either.”
The idea of Steve leaving, even knowing he’d be coming back, twists something inside of Tony that makes it harder to breathe.
The first text doesn’t surprise Steve. Tony is a serial texter, after all.
From his place sitting on the sofa Tony watches as Steve stands up to pick up the Blu-Ray case for
Tony hasn’t even finished saying the sentence completely when Rhodey’s voice is heard from the right to them, so loud compared to the tones of voices that Steve and Tony have been using.
He turns his head towards Steve and Steve still can’t look away from him. There’s a glint in Tony’s eyes and Steve thinks it might be tears.
And then Steve’s heart stops completely when, in the blink of an eye, Tony’s lips settle on his own.
Tony swallows.
It’s not like it matters, anyway, because Steve would gladly live only on pasta if Tony was the one doing the cooking.)
But he’s not disgusted in the slightest, he’s elated.
Tony nears the bed and bends down to press a kiss to Steve’s forehead.
“I know we’re not doing the gift thing but I just had to,” Steve pronounces. “It’s not much but… I actually hope you don’t mind that I did it.”
“Yes, Captain?”
Thinking back on it brings a deep nostalgia to him, a sense of bewilderment at the thought that he never could have predicted caring this much about a kid that he met almost by accident, simply because he was so very bad at hiding his secret identity.
“We will do better next time,” Steve says decidedly, his eyes reflecting all of his conviction. “If you have a bad day, or if I do, or if we both do. We’ll talk more and better. We’ll listen more and better.”
Pepper had been with him that day, standing by his bedside, but she had only murmured a soft
But he remembers a conversation before they both found the strength to seek help, a conversation where they both promised each other things that Tony knows, unlike Steve’s promises to the public during his speech, they could be capable of maintaining.
“What?”
and who he became
The streets of Queens were buoyant and they had a red tint to it that reminded Tony of one of his favorite pairs of sunglasses. There was indistinguishable chatter in the streets and although everyone was wearing coats and scarfs, the sun was shining bright and Tony felt a warmth in his bones.
Tony wants to stand there for a while and observe him, cataloguing every single one of his movements, even the smallest ones. He wants to commit this image into his memory. The image of this man, this truly and wonderfully human man who loves Tony and who Tony so desperately loves back.
“Fine then.” Steve shrugs as he goes back to attacking Tony’s weakest spots.
It’s been over 6 months since their break up happened and their interactions haven’t quite recovered yet. Their friendship hasn't quite recovered yet.
“Things got a little out of hand in the kitchen and I didn’t want to leave them like that,” Tony says.
Rhodey catches Tony up on many post-Decimation global issues and Tony listens attentively.
When it comes to sharing their time together during meals or otherwise, even on the days that followed their break-up-not-break-up, Bruce and Natasha always join Steve and Tony when they’re able to. And it’s thanks to them that Clint and Thor start coming out of their rooms to join in too. It’s awkward, Tony can’t deny that, especially where Clint is concerned.
No one speaks and Barton even has his mouth wide open.
The three of them are busy people, Pepper and Rhodey especially, but they start making as much time for each other as they can.
“I bet you’re wondering what this has to do with you and with our meeting,” Pepper guesses, and she’s right. “I just… I know that if Tony was…” Her voice breaks and she has to take a deep breathe to steady it. “I know that if Tony was alive he would already be so invested in the idea of the Avengers. He’d be devoting himself to the team. He always thought of himself as not being a team player and maybe he wasn’t the best at it but…. Tony, he was… He gave his all to the things that mattered to him and I have this feeling deep in my heart that the team would have mattered a lot to him.”
“JARVIS told me you’ve been spending some time down here with them,”  Tony says.
It’s all so sweet and endearing that it keeps Steve’s complete heed for the entirety of the recording. He can hear Pepper quietly sniffing but his eyes stay focused on the images playing in front of him.
His knees shake a little as he gets out of bed but Tony pushes through it, desperately needing to leave this bed, this room, this space that only suffocates him.
He didn’t get to see Peter. He didn’t get to apologize.
Now he shares communal living spaces in one of the tallest -and definitely the flashiest- building in Manhattan with a team of people so different from anyone else he has ever known in his life.
Steve nods, Tony’s finger still pressed to his lips.
It’s Tony’s voice that truly breaks Steve from his reverie.
But then Tony looks at things a little closer, reads the signs twice over. Steve still has a tight grip on his hand, he has even intertwined their fingers. Their noses are still touching and Steve hasn't moved his body away.
Bruce thinks of him as an understanding and open-minded man. Through their various debates and late nights watching documentaries they’ve created a resilient bond that, while not the closest or strongest in the team, isn’t any less important for them.
Tony feels somewhat more relaxed hearing the hesitation in Steve’s voice towards the topic but it’s still a big and scary step to take so he inhales deeply before nodding his assent. With one of his hands he makes a vague gesture giving Steve the go ahead to be the first one to talk.
“I understand, yeah,” Tony confirms.
Their bodies and minds are not ready to separate yet, not after so long apart, not after the connection they’ve just reached. It’s good for them that they’ve got nowhere else to be for a while.
They get separated a few times but their eyes always meet each other no matter where they’re are.
Tony’s using some of his usual charm and jokes to make light of the situation, but Steve really does understand how complicated it is for Tony to let Steve into his thoughts and his heart.
Tony lets out a laugh and Nebula must be suffering from a severe case of sleep deprivation because a smile overtakes her face, small, yes, but she lets it stay there for long seconds.
“It’s just that those pants look awfully long on you.” She moves her hand to take the waist of them and stretches it before letting it go to snap against Tony’s skin. “And also that shirt,” Tony looks down at his chest and straightens the grey material, confused about Natasha’s comments. “It is a bit too big, don’t you think?”
Because Steve is right, they’ve been putting this off for way too long and it has caused it to fester, to rot and poison them slowly until all they can taste is their failures and the only way to act is by cutting away pieces of themselves and the other.
Peter starts walking and Tony follows, always two or three steps behind. He tries to run but his legs won’t obey him, and all he can do is just walk and look at Peter’s back. They walk for miles and miles but Tony doesn’t tire and neither does Peter. They walk for hours and no matter how much Tony tries his arm can’t reach Peter.
“Yeah, Buck, kinda hard to miss all that snow.” Steve started making his way to his room and, without having to look, he knew Bucky would be following close behind.
“And yesterday you talked about it,” Tony recites and Steve nods his confirmation.
Tony is having dinner alone in the living room, the news playing on the big plasma TV, but he’s not paying them much attention. He’s got his tablet propped up on his knee as he nibbles on a too hot chicken wing, paging through some new contracts SI’s Legal department sent over.
Tony’s sure that if his birthday had passed during a time where he could have been conscious enough to be aware of it he would have asked the same thing but luckily -as weird as it may be to say- he spent May 29th mostly sleeping the exhaustion and the damage of his trip to space away.
When she has seemed to calm down again she continues running her hand down her face until she makes a fist to rest her chin on, her knuckles grazing her lips as she speaks.
“And if it’s weird then whatever, it’s weird, that doesn’t have to make it a bad thing,” Tony says.
It takes Tony three more days to tell Steve, Natasha and Bruce about the break up.
Clint’s hearings start on an uncharacteristically foggy early May morning.
There are so many things she’s responsible for, so much on her plate, that Tony has worried before about it being too much for her. Both him and Steve have tried to talk to her, to let her know she doesn't need to carry all this burden, but she’s nodded along to whatever they said each time just to go back to doing it the next day.
Bruce has to take a step back when Thor stands up so he won't bump into him but Thor quickly takes a step forward, following him. He grabs onto the neckline of Bruce’s shirt and shakes him back and forth a few times. Steve looks like he wants to head over to them but Tony extends his arm and slaps the palm of his hand on the center of Steve’s chest. He shakes his head when Steve looks at him questioningly and although Steve’s shoulders stay stiff he stays put.
He’s been avoiding everyone at the Compound especially hard since his hearings started and considering his thoughts on Tony on a good day no one would have bet on him joining them to celebrate the man himself.
Steve’s hands leave Tony’s shoulders by running down his arms. The touch is light but Tony can still feel it through his long-sleeved t-shirt. It only takes a few seconds for Steve’s hands to reach Tony’s and he takes them in his gently. Steve’s thimbles start rubbing circles in the back of Tony’s hands and Steve’s eyes are focused intensely on the motion.
Tony takes a deep breathe and tries to find the best way to make himself understood.
Steve’s eyebrows raise but the expression on his face is still defiant. He stays silent and Tony knows it’s because Steve wants him to go on and he won’t be making the situation any easier on him.
Their laughter dies down slowly and naturally, transforming itself into puffs of breath that leave both Tony’s and Steve’s mouths. Tony can feel Steve’s on the back of his neck and his arms grow goosebumps at the sensation.
As for Rhodey, he’s the one who texts Tony the American flag emoji followed by the eggplant emoji, making it very clear the grapevine had worked its wonders before Tony could even open his mouth. He could be angry, sure, or disappointed he didn't get to deliver the good news, but all he feels really is relief. Relief that everyone that matters now knows and that that can mean Steve and Tony have only themselves to focus on again.
“Why?”
“Let’s go,” Tony says. “I don't want to admit it but Rhodey might be right. This might be the birthday that has made me too old for all this.”
“It was just who he was,” Miss Potts finishes for him.
Thanos is dead and yet his death solved nothing.
Steve knows what the sentence means - both literally, of course, and figuratively, which he knows would surprise some people, people who’ve got an incorrect and outdated idea of who he is. What he can’t quite understand or figure out is
They don’t have much time to speak but Carol explains, in as little words as possible, something about Fury contacting her, her return to Earth and her meeting with the remaining Avengers.
He doesn’t know about Steve.
The fight never ends. He can’t have it on his conscience to be the one to end this one.
They’d had conversations about it, both back when they were just friends and since they started dating but Steve could have never seen this coming.
Tony rips his gaze away from Steve’s and looks down at their connected hands. For a long minute he focuses on the difference in size. Tony doesn't have small hands but compared to Steve’s they feel like so. His hands look rougher, however, more beat-down and battered. Steve’s hand looks almost delicate in comparison.
“Ok, ok, no bells. At least for you. I’m not promising anything about Barton, though.”
He spends all day at the Compound, starting off his morning early by walking into the kitchen and seeing Steve, Rhodey and Natasha all waiting for him there.
This doesn’t mean Tony has found himself able to lay to rest and not do something, anything, to prepare for what might come. He’s got folders with works half-finished for every one of the people he would consider part of the team now-a-days -and that includes both Thor and Clint and everyone who’s planets away but he knows would come if they ever called them- and he keeps redesigning his own devices and suits. This all on top of the work he keeps doing with Bruce constantly.
“Now I want the opportunity to talk to him and bring him back. If Thor belongs here so he can get better so does Clint. I can help him. We’ll be able to help him.”
There are no goodnight wishes, no sweet or lingering kiss. There’s just two people laying closer than they’ve physically been in months and yet so far away they might as well be in different planets altogether.
