—and cut himself off with a mental sigh.  “Got it,” he said shortly.
,” Tony said, giving in to temptation and stomping his foot at them.
Bruce whispered, “
Steve shook his head.
and matching slacks—and a cup of coffee.
“What?”
“Starfleet’s finest,” Rhodes deadpanned, shaking his head.
“I miss Thor,” Steve said suddenly, surprising Tony.  He turned to look at Steve, who looked back, adding, “Only guy around here with a lick of sense.”
“Party’s over, buddy,” Tony told him.  “No more bunnies here.”  Almost wistfully, he added, “
Covering Tony’s mouth preemptively with a hand, Steve watched the bear trundle off down the well-groomed path, silently wondering how many hikers were eaten every year by said-animals.  Ol’ Pokey looked pretty well-fed, and there
“They don’t exactly grow on trees,” Steve said, but he obediently fished out his wallet.
and add a hint of cigar smoke, and the impression would be perfect.  “I haven’t committed to anything at all,” Steve insisted.
“Perfect,” Tony said.  “Mendenhall or Denali, we check out the ice or die by HACE, it’s your choice, buddy.”
Your Captain on this misadventure,
moment every time.  When Steve demurred that he was just a kid from Brooklyn, the President replied: “A kid with the heart of a lion.”
think I’m selfish.”
. o .
Tony looked at the ceiling, squinting an eye shut, blocking out some of the light.  “How am I alive?” he finally asked.  “I thought—”  The white light.
Obligingly, Steve picked up his pace, leaving behind a volley of questions about
. o .
For once, Tony did not leap to the punchline.
“Do we have a problem?”
“Kiss me and I’ll shut up.”
,” Tony informed him.  “I’m allowed in the kitchen.”
It was the middle of the day, but Tony occupied none of his usual haunts.  The study was empty; the kitchen, eerily quiet.  Even the living room was cold and dark.  Ignoring a bolt of trepidation, Steve trekked upstairs, cat in hand, bad knee be damned.  Steve did not mind the extra walk, not when he had a mission to uphold: find Tony and present Rico.
Steve thought about it.  She did not hurry him.
12:59 A.M.
Thallium clicked three times in response.
, all because he could not hold onto something good.
Natasha followed him outside.  She watched him retrieve his bike, gripping it in both hands impotently.  “Leave me,” Steve rasped.
Then he thought of colors, soft blues and misty whites, and said, “F.R.I.D.A.Y., hold the elevator.”
Steve stayed where he was for a long moment to absorb Tony’s words.  Tony was offering him a place.  One where Nick—and all of Nick’s men,
“So, how was your little space adventure?”
“I don’t got any plans tomorrow,” Steve said evenly.  He saw some of the self-loathing retreat from Tony’s expression, replaced by hopeful curiosity.  “If you’re free.”
“Then why are you here?”
“Maybe like—ten percent less briskly,” Tony huffed, jogging to catch up.
Tony grumbled, “Fun-sucker,” and leaned his shoulder against Steve’s briefly.  Then he pushed off and sauntered back to the car, brandishing the keys.  “For a super-soldier, your situational awareness is
Tony thought he might vomit, collapse, or simply die before Stovok abruptly said, “Get down,” and shoved him to the dirt a second time.  Tony barely had breath to grunt, never mind complain, as he ate Nibiran soil a second time, lifting his head to chew out their Commander, who placed a quieting hand on the small of his back, lying flat beside him.
For a few moments, the whole world seemed to slow down, until it finally synced up with the measurable rhythm of Steve’s breath.  Slowly, daringly, Tony began to shimmy upward.  He felt Steve’s hands bracing him, first around the hips, then the outer legs, finally gripping him by his ankles as Tony gasped and clawed at the edge of the opening.
Almost seventy vertical meters below, Tony could see a cluster of Nibirans, along with Dr. Banner, who seemed to be having a less-than-stellar time, as he was hugging the dark rock for dear life while the rest of his party paused for a break.
Tony cuffed him on the arm.  “Got your back.”  He waited until Thor had moved off to join the polar bear at the glass before smiling at Juliet.  His whole demeanor oozed charm.  “What’s his name?”
.  I can map the entire Quadrant, and I won’t learn as much as I will on the
“Neither are you,” Steve said firmly.  “You’re an Avenger.”
Maybe it was.  “You might want to stop him,” Natasha advised, thankfully letting go of him and nodding at Tony, who was staring at a sporty black-and-gold car that was apparently so important it had to be behind a leash.  “Before he does anything rash.”  Then she slipped away into the crowd.
Three exhilarating seconds later, Tony was in stitches—not literally, of course, merely halfway to a fit, leaning against the alleyway for support as he wheezed with laughter—while Thor had Steve in a one-armed chokehold.  Then Thor looked down at his captive, said jovially, “Captain!” and Steve realized he would, in fact, get to keep his head another day.  “You bastard!” Thor proclaimed, releasing him and slapping him on the back, sending him face first to the snow.  But Thor laughed and Steve could not help but huff in repressed amusement as he pushed himself back to his feet.
“Need a lift?” Steve asked, as Bruce looked up at the wooden framework thoughtfully.  Bruce startled, then stammered something resembling,
is second only to your
look.  Steve vowed to write a nice letter to the desk, thanking them for their concern, but everything was fine, really, just—
The alien clicked twice, almost thoughtful.  Then he reached out and tugged at the insignia.  “It, uh, it doesn’t,” Tony began, but the alien released it after a moment and frowned at him, hooting softly.  “We’re lost,” he tried.  “Lost.  Stranded.  Away from ship.”
Tony elbowed Barton on the top of the head, earning an emphatic
Unconsciously, Steve relaxed—Thor was likely going to send a tennis ball into space, but Natasha—
And suppose he did, he thought, shivering with dread.  What actions they would take!  Drag him out, beat his body back to life, breaking as many ribs as they had to to restart his heart before shoving tubes into his chest and arms, pumping the life force back into him,
Barton said, “Finally.  We got some real beef on board.”  Stovok sighed audibly behind his own mask.  Tony could have sworn Romanova smirked as she replied:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Likewise,” Tony said, waving a hand.  “Can I go now?”
“You’d think if it would happen, it would have happened by now,” Steve pointed out.
, and he had balled up all the feelings inside him and ripped open the trap with his bare hands.  Stillness won out.
“I can see that.”  Then, swinging carefully back onto his chair, Tony said, “Like dragon, like companion.”
Once, when he had been very young—so young he could not recall the exact year—Steve Rogers had met the dinosaurs.
“Don’t break him,” Happy warned, holding three bags of cheeseburgers, “you break him—”
Fun facts about Juneau, according to the Resident Genius:
Steve pointed.  It took Tony Stark, the genius, a full ten seconds to notice the nail puncher in his hand.  Then he frowned.  “This makes it more fun,” Tony explained.  He aimed the nail puncher at Steve, adding, “I could hit a
.”  His hand shook.  Of its own accord.  He could not control his own body.  If he could, he would sever the pain receptors linking his sternum to his brain.  He would know peace.
“My name is Stovok,” Stovok corrected.  Then he leaped into the abyss.
“How could I forget,” Steve deadpanned.
“. . . Of course you were.”
” Steve asked.
Tony was so on edge that he did not register that Steve was
“I heard ya,” Steve said, relenting.  He gave one more shake, cold and wet but plenty awake, before ordering mulishly, “Let’s go.  C’mon.  Day ain’t getting any younger.”
“Your misplaced worry is a reflection of your kindness,” Thor called back.  “For that, I thank you, Stark.”  Then he turned and strode confidently back towards the museum.
Tony smiled, then schooled his expression into a sterner one.  “You’re not supposed to agree with me.”
“Bruce, you want one?” Tony called.  Bruce startled at the sound of his name, looking away from the full-grown white alpaca he had been stroking.  He shook his head adamantly.  “What’s that one?  Snowball?”
Snarling, Tony turned and stalked out before he could see whatever stupidity Steve came up with next.
“They’ll wreck you, if they don’t kill you outright,” Clint Barton had said, indicating his hearing aids.  He had added, “I can still feel them.  When they talk.  You don’t need ears to hear them talk.”
—and making a soft noise when he swallowed and it came up so, so dry.
,” Steve complained.
“Talk to me,” the monster entreated, soft but as forceful as all the others, imposing on him a dire need.
, and he felt like something steady and solid and
“All right, what did you mean?”
Tony pivoted back to interrogate him, but Steve interjected, “Toss me another one’a those sparklers, would ya?”  Natasha obliged.
. o .
was convincing.  It was.  I see you’ve found . . . a snuggle buddy,” he pointed out.
“You know what I meant,” Happy said irritably.  Tony waved him on, stealing another fry from Steve’s pile.  Happy went on, “Thought you were lyin’ low.  Then I hear you’re on the move.”  Happy leaned across the table.  “Are you nuts?”
Shaking his head, Steve looked out the window at the driving rain.  “Yeesh.”
Gorn,” Romanova chimed in from the copilot’s chair.  “It’s
“Just don’t get any crumbs on the bed,” Barton reminded.  "Cap's orders."
For Iron Man’s sake, if no one else’s.
That, or he really
And his motley crew.
“Don’t mind me,” Tony said, sliding down so he could sit with his back to the stone wall, watching the Vulcan work, surrounded by the Ba’ku children.  “I’m not even here.”
them, and now—”  Tony struggled to his feet, ignoring the deep burn in his back, surprised when a gentle push at his back kept him from toppling sideways.  He rested a hand on Marker’s head, steadying himself.  “Now you have to ask, is one dragon worth it?”
Tony complained, “How many NASCAR races have
.  Snapping the notebook shut, he added, “That all?”
“I really need to brand myself,” Clint announced.  “Rake in some royalties.  Hawkeye starts a Pepsi-Cola war.”
“Yes, it is,” Tony said.  He still sounded distracted, but his hand smoothed Steve’s hair down rhythmically.
“Monkey—in the—
, he begged no one, his knees, forehead buried against them, shaking with hollow resignation.  He was not afraid of the monsters—he knew what they intended, and that almost made it easier to bear their kindness; it was the truly unknown that frightened him most, the unquantified pain that alarmed him—but he was treacherously weary of them, of their ministrations, of their placid and strong efforts to communicate their will to him.
, Tony thought, turning around, gazing outward, fixating on the scene, the swarm of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, scouring his
“No,” Stovok admitted, blunt as ever.  “You were beamed aboard a starship?”
Steve replied, “You don’t need it.”
“I don’t make the rules,” Tony retorted dryly.  Natasha stepped up to guard first base.  Tony pouted at her.  “I was a
, Steve thought, although it was tempting, so very tempting, to reach for the fraying edge of Tony’s proverbial coat and pull it back, to see what the great Tony Stark did not want him to see.
Tony sifted through them, then began signing them.
He would have to go alone.
“Aye,” Thor said.  He pointed the bat at Steve and grinned.
Steve looked his fill for a moment longer, drinking in Tony’s distraction.  There was a softness to Tony’s stance, an indefinable carelessness, that belonged on a man used to ruling the world.  Both hands were stuffed in his pockets, but both shoulders leaned in, longing, aware.  Underneath his shirt, the arc reactor glowed blue, brightly enough that Steve worried about it drawing attention.  Yet there was no trepidation in Tony’s face: he seemed pleased to be there, enamored in a quiet, undemanding way.
“Wow—wow, that’s neat,” Dr. Banner said nearby, with forced interest.  “That’s really—oh, hey, that’s sharp.  Wow.”  Tony looked over, but they were simply showing him their spears.  He looked down at the Vulcan on his lap and nearly dropped him as barely open lids looked at him.
“Tony . . . I’m so sorry.”
which was probably not Shakespeare’s most pronounceable play, even sober.
to sleep on,” Tony said without opening his eyes.
Backtracking, Steve paused outside the second guest bedroom and let out a relieved sigh at the sight of his husband, hunched against the headboard, facing the far wall.
Tony gave him a truly withering look.  Then he looked down at the coffee, as if it had just occurred to him that it could be a weapon, before sighing in defeat, likely coming to terms with the fact that Steve would leap heroically out of the way—or maybe let Tony land the hit, just this once, because maybe Tony deserved a win.
“Yeah, I’ve heard that hits after twenty,” Rhodes deadpanned.
“What?”
Clint said loudly, “Stark!  Pulled pork guy!”
“Done,” Tony said at once.
“That’s what I thought,” Tony said.
“. . . From now on, assume it’s
Nothing said
Huge wing beats, buffeting the air, carried him up, up, and away.
Oh.  Right.
Steve frowned at him.  “. . . You think I’m stopping you?”
“‘The past is a foreign country,’” Clint acknowledged, sitting in the front passenger’s seat.
Clint stomped over to home plate, scooped up the bat, and insisted, “
, Steve thought, but he made the trek back.
Captain Carter looked at him grimly.  Tony already knew the answer: they were both formal crewmen.
“Aye,” Thor agreed, standing beside the Vulcan, as unruffled by their stowaway as ever.
, people are tired of being—sold to.”
“I know,” Steve said again.  Tony drew in a long breath, releasing it and Steve’s arm in the same motion.  Steve let go of him, melted back.  “Is there anything I can do?”
Foolish—cats had no concept of time.  Steve found the egg timer, wound it, and held it in front of Rico instructively.  “Five minutes,” he explained, setting it on the counter.  He picked up the plated sandwiches.  “Try not to pee again,” he told Rico.  Rico made no promises.
“Probably not,” Rhodes said.
To Steve’s surprise, Tony lifted one bottle out of reach—the baby tried to follow it—and held it out wordlessly.  Bruce scurried forward, nearly faceplanted, and then settled down on his rump.  The baby hog climbed into his lap and latched onto the bottle.
“Where?”
“And I don’t
choose a
“Never doubted,” Tony said, covering his face with a newspaper.  “Wake me when it’s Christmas.”
And then Happy had called with the good news.
it, but—”
Tony, a mind reader, informed him, “Losing battle, champ.”  Then he patted Steve on the leg and shuffled out of the car.
Marker dropped it near Tony expectantly.  Tony almost laughed at the absurdity.
, the little white card said—and smiled to himself at the unexpected aroma, an almost strawberry scent filling his nostrils.  His sense of smell was listed as his “least superior” enhancement on every scorecard—he was no bloodhound—but he luxuriated in his refined human endowments, regardless.
."  Steve didn’t know what that meant, made some anguished noise, distantly aware that the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were giving them
live for danger,” and sat down on the edge.
“And how dearly I should miss our friendship!” Thor chortled, clasping Bruce’s knee.  “I fear many of my own kin have become accustomed to a certain hospitality.  I embrace the perils of off-worlding,” he stated proudly, releasing Bruce, who had paled several shades but seemed unharmed.  “Your people are my people.  As the future Ruler of the Nine Realms, I am at home among them.”
Steve clicked off the radio.
this.  You can’t change that.  That bothers you, doesn’t it?  That
“Hullo,” Steve Rogers greeted, stepping into the animal shelter.  “I’m here for an animal.”
At last, Tony said, “I painted you a very different way.”
“Mark III.  Mark Inglis,” Steve said.  “That’s cute.”
“Well, you know what they say about—
Marker bobbed his head, an anxious gesture.
Tony pulled mutely out of the grassy parking area.
Steve could hear food sizzling on the grill in the background, but it was impossible to make out any more distant noises over the orchestral swell of the music.  It was weirdly calming.  He acknowledged, “They say Mozart makes you smarter.”
Thank his lucky stars, Steve did not perceive him as a threat—which was equal parts
. o .
Steve seemed surprised.
At 0730, the President left to attend other matters.  Dutifully, Steve lingered, chatting with the remaining VIPs, who could barely contain their excitement at his proximity.  When an ice-breaker asked for a self-portrait, Steve insisted they be taken in the gardens, where the lighting was better.  First, he paid a brief visit to the kitchens, where he thanked the staff and signed the chefs’ aprons with an artistic rendering of
They were earmuffs on and wheels up in less than five.
Tony finished dealing cards in silence.  Steve physically ached with discomfort, the profound longing to be home.
“That’s a very generous way of looking at it,” Tony offered politely.
meaningfully.
Steve thought about saying,
.  Aloud, Tony said, “I need you to trust me.”
But Tony’s scrutinizing look would not be deterred.  “They said,” he started, but could not bring himself to reiterate the words,
sacrifice,” Tony said, horrified and exasperated at once.  “Just what the doctor ordered.”
, he thought, walking alone down the hall.
and treated like an outsider and subjected to the misery of displacement.
Clint looked at Tony expectantly, who had shifted his gaze back to the road.
“I had my suspicions,” Romanova said at last.  “The similarities were . . . uncanny.”
Tony pulled out his telephone, pulled up the strange blue map, and then pocketed it with a nod.  “Okay,” he said, getting up.  Steve watched him.  Tony arched both eyebrows expectantly.
“How the hell did you get out of that one?” Clint Barton asked, standing in ankle-deep water and casting out a fishing line.
Most modern vehicle types lived and breathed by the early 1940s, including two-door
Steve reached up, gripping the back of Tony's neck loosely, insisting, “Be
Without looking away, Tony said, “. . . Bet I could make a suit like that.”
, very contained about it, but Steve noticed the looseness in his shoulders.  The Tony Stark that walked into the bar had surreptitiously walked out, well before Natasha finally conceded, “Well, if I’m driving tomorrow, then I’m leaving now.”  She stood with a kiss to Steve’s cheek that came out of nowhere and made him flush more than it should have, and a pinch to Tony’s shoulder that made him grimace.  “Be good.”
“Doesn’t look very sleepy to me,” Tony replied, unexpectedly offering the man a hand to shake.  “Mayor Cuff.”
.”  Mournfully, Bruce added, “
,” he said, the meaning of the words finally sinking in, turning to face him more fully.  “Sweetheart—I couldn’t do this without you,” he said.  At Tony’s genuinely confused frown, he added, “I’d be stuck on that pier all night.”
Tony patted Bruce on the back, assuring, “You won’t have time to worry about the storm.  We will all be dead in a ditch.”
Getting up, ginger with the ache in his muscles, the bone-deep suffering pushed to the periphery, Tony managed, “Good.  Then follow me.”
, Tony thought, and a dreadful little noise bubbled out of him.  Curium stood up, ran away.
After a long moment, Steve nodded once, barely an inclination of his head.
was Hell.
Tony yawned and made a show of stretching his arms.  “Well,” he said, with affected buoyancy, “time to hit the hay.”  Then he crossed his arms over his own chest and shut his eyes.
“Captain,” Steve said without missing a beat.  “United States Army.”  Then, crumpling the empty burger wrapper, he finished, “I’m on leave.”
The worst day of Steve’s life began like any other day, waking up in their shared bed, oblivious to any abnormalities until he went downstairs to fix himself breakfast and came back up to find Tony insensate.  So much damage had occurred in that short span that—
Tony said, “No further questions,” and started to walk away.
“Highly improbable,” Stovok deadpanned, scanning the environment.  He abruptly paused, back to Tony, and said calmly, “There.  On the mountain.”
Steve held onto him, close but not hard, careful not to break him.  Then, suddenly, he said, “Did you know Marker—?” and something in Tony’s good mood soured as he nodded.
Shaking his head, Tony tapped the book against his palm and said, “You don’t
Tony huffed, “You’re asking
So, weary travelers! Another day, another episode! Where to next?
, was what it was.  Tony had read the very papers written up on the negative effects of long-term spaceflight, and while it was considered inadvisable to go more than six months between on-world visits and even less advisable to go more than ten years without a real intermission, the evidence that long-term spaceflight had negative effects on the mind was still fairly
, before forking over the cash.  Just because Tony had contrived the scheme did
“You can’t be—”
“She’s a viper.  A . . . a . . .”  He hiccupped.  “’m gonna be sick.”
game we could find,” Tony interjected.  Tony then picked up his chair and set it down extremely close to Steve’s.  Rather than finding the proximity annoying, Steve found it weirdly comforting.
“Has it occurred to you that Captain Carter is a potential ally?”
Tony was not even surprised.
“Visual learner,” Tony explained, making a slightly more impatient gesture.  “Give me.”
, Steve thought peevishly, standing up, looking expectantly at Trigger-Happy.  Trigger-Happy merely said, “Captain America, sir.”
“Oh, get off your high horses.  I’m
Tony rolled his eyes, but he did mutter, “Bet.”
, Steve closed his eyes to listen properly and acknowledged, “You got Beethoven in there, too?  The sound’s incredible.”
“Not your thing?” Steve asked dryly.
And again.
“What’s yours?”
“Good.  I’m gonna.”  Happy brushed off his hand on a napkin, then jabbed a finger at Steve’s chest fearlessly.  “You’re an unknown.  I got nothing, except you’re some kind of legend.  Got news for you, you don’t look much like a comic book character to me.”
“I don’t remember this being part of the deal,” Steve said, squinting an eye shut as Tony kissed underneath it.  “Tony,” he complained halfheartedly.
to—”  He startled badly when he saw Steve wiping down the counter.  “What the hell are you doing?”
Tony slept until Christmas.
“We’re not telling Starfleet about this if it doesn’t work,” Tony said.
beautiful.
.  They were not soldiers; such behavior would not be tolerated.
” Barton asked.
“Be happy to show you around,” the stranger said.  “If you’re looking for a guide.”
“Fuck Kevin,” Steve said gravely.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony nodded slowly, waving a hand in dismissal.  “Tired,” he grated out.
.  “Whatever happened to
Rolling his eyes, Steve considered sticking around to prove a point, then thought,
“Makes a good story,” Tony offered, ignoring Steve’s scowl at the broken silence.  “Makes a
A faceless person appeared in front of him, head and shoulders obscured.  He recognized the black parka before the Black Widow, gaze affixed on the current.  He needed to move.
An aproned Ba’ku appeared, dusting off his hands on a cloth.  “Yes?” he said, looking alarmed.
He found Marker sunning himself in the grass.  “There’s my big beautiful nightmare,” Tony greeted, holding Thallium under one arm for safe-keeping.  She did not bite.  He might have a favorite.
“Yes, Clint,” Steve responded.  “It’s too late.”
.  But the adventurer in him, the young, red-blooded
Gently, Steve closed the book.  Tony poured out a bowl of cereal for himself and began to eat, all in familiar quiet.  He often felt that Steve would be at home in a prehistoric world: modern machinations handled with preternatural ease did not a modern man
Once, when he was twenty-five-years-old, Steve Rogers saw a man get shot through the chest, right in front’a him.
He caught brief, haunting images of other dragons—dragons that looked up at him with those depthless black eyes, feral, uncommunicative, alert.  They might have thought he was a dragon, too, drifting in his armor high above them, except he never responded to their subvocal inquiries.
, insisting that he needed to consent to more so
“You’re beautiful!” Tony told him, reveling in the sight.  Up top, every scale shone, not merely golden but
.  “A shame.  I should like to have crossed swords with this beast.”
Some spent their lives trying to orchestrate a match.  Others took the opposite approach, burned or bitter or simply better motivated—they became dragon-killers, ridding terrorized landscapes of the ultimate predator and selling their hides for rich margins on the black market.
When the Ba’ku stood silent, Thor frowned and took a seat.  He turned to Romanova, whose poker face was implacable, and said, “This doesn’t usually happen.”  With a deep sigh, he waved a hand and said loudly, “
“Tony?”
Marker caught up in three wing beats, displacing massive amounts of air.  Tony whooped with joy.  “C’mon!” he said.  Higher and higher, they flew, racing towards the ceiling of the world.
Clint said, “Make me an offer.”
On Christmas morning, Tony awoke to a sharp pain in his back.
Hungry, tired, and more than a little stiff, Steve wanted to ask,
Without a word, she stood.  He hesitated, then followed.
. o .
Like a mole that had lived its entire life in utter darkness, without friend in the world and in constant latent fear of being devoured, Bruce ventured away from his door, tiptoed into the shared space, and clasped Steve’s hand in both his own with such emphatic warmth that Steve felt guilty for not offering it sooner.  Then Bruce collected his new key and himself and departed quite briskly.  Thor never even turned.
, God
“What’s a 3-1-7?” Tony asked instead, slipping into the driver’s seat.
Scowling, Tony said coolly, “It’s 1700 hours
“Well, thank
Furthermore, the Lexus LC-LF (the "red coupe") that Tony and Steve hang out in is
Steve nodded, reassured.  Clint said, “Bet we get the senior discount.”
“Probably,” Tony said.
But Natasha just said, “I turned.”
With his right arm—
“What shells?” Juliet asked, distracted.
your intentions with my client?”
“Storm’s coming,” Steve said simply.
“I talked to Strange first,” Steve said evasively.
. o .
Five minutes later, Steve returned alone, dusting his hands off.
There was a clatter, and then, in about the same amount of time as a bear attack, Clint struck.
“Whatever I should do, I should do it with a dragon at my side,” wrote one doting companion.  Yet in the same historical breath, another grieved:
Steve made a disbelieving sound of his own.  Next Tony would suggest he walk around nude because the Emperor said so.  There were
. o .
Steve recalled, as a folder appeared in his mind’s eye.
,” Steve said.
Tony nodded, like it was not a big deal, but his body language betrayed worry.  “What about Romanoff?”
Bruce gulped audibly.
Steve’s gut reaction was,
“Ah,” Tony said eloquently, then shuddered at the implication.  Humans enjoyed water-based activities because they were slightly less dense than water: they could float.  But any object significantly denser than the substance it was in suspended in would simply sink like a stone to the bottom, unable to rise.  It would be like drowning in liquid gas.  “How unpleasant.”
Steve weighed his next words.  “You didn’t start out with them.”
“Yeah, well.  That’s what you get for drinking Saurian brandy at 0600 hours.”
Feeling ill-equipped to handle everything—the turncoat spy, the killer of men, the Norse god, the green Mr. Hyde—Steve nevertheless acknowledged, “I did, didn’t I?”
“Thor’s a Prince.  Different rules.”
.  He almost wished Stovok had not pinched him in the first place; if he had been dragged through, kicking and screaming, he might have at least internalized,
Tony tripped over Dr. Banner.
, the dog’s name was—
“Hail, traveler,” greeted a familiar voice whose name utterly escaped Tony.  A man in the same yellow-green tunic stepped towards them.  “Have you any weapons on you?”
“Lethal neutralization methods conflict with Captain Rogers’ clearances,” J.A.R.V.I.S. reminded calmly from the suit’s torso.
“I do know them,” Stovok agreed, his voice tight.  “And that is what I am afraid of.”
. o .
?  What in the world for?”  He wanted to throw his hands into the air, but it would have felt stupid.  Already, loathe though he was to admit it, the stupid bucket trick had worked.  He reached for the anger, but his clothes were soaked and his men were not fooled by him, at all.  He could put the fear of God in them, but other than that, he had no bucket left to stand on.  He sighed.  “All right, so I haven’t been the
Carefully, Steve slipped off his coat and shoes, then tucked under the covers.  At least the helpful hotel clerks had found a room for them.  And they still had time left on the clock.
,” Thor greeted, the warmth in his tone lifting some of Steve’s own hunger-induced angst.  “I had not thought to see you again.”  He extended a hand.
. o .
“I can see from here,” Steve said from the showroom floor.  “Get down.”
Steve turned when he heard the car door pop open, surprised to see Tony looking briefly unsure, then his usual insouciant self.  “Thought you’d expired,” Steve told him.
“Look,” Tony gritted out, “I know all the roads here, we can still—”
“No,” Steve said firmly.
He blinked.  “Yes.”
food,” Tony said at last.
They stepped aside.
Marker could not be gone.
Stovok turned, regarded him for a moment, then returned to the bench.  “I was told Starfleet would be difficult,” he said.  “I did not imagine where those difficulties would come from.”
Marker stood, improvised ropes around his shoulders, ready to fly.  His black eyes did not stray from Tony as Tony stepped around him, and in those eyes, he saw his father, looking at Radon, and impressing,
“Saved many lives, blah, blah, blah,” Clint grumbled, slinking as deeply into his seat as he could, arms folded across his chest.
engages in five-year missions,” Captain Carter interrupted.  “You, yourself, have recently experienced the detrimental effects of space travel—”
Encompassing 3,255 square miles of land, the capital city of Alaska was larger than two states: Rhode Island and Delaware.
“Naw.”  Steve loosened one of his own arms, reaching out to stroke down Tony’s side, the touch making him shiver, despite the cloth between them.  Tony had a—how to put it,
“It’s another country out here,” their guide said as they paused and looked out at a commanding strip of wilderness, stretching off into some three thousand square miles of forbidding terrain.  “You can get lost in it.  Don’t forget your bear spray,” she advised.  “They won’t hurt you, but they might rough you up.”
Clint had shrugged and pulled a flask from his pocket.  “I won’t tell if you won’t.”
Hello, my friends! How are you? Doing well, I hope!
“Eight of my darling nieces are Girl Scouts,” Clint said between snickers.  “You come for them, I will skin you.”  Then he doubled over and laughed so hard Steve was impressed he did not simply keel over.
“Still around.”
“I see no reason to draw hasty conclusions,” Stovok said, eyes shut, meditating.  “You should conserve your strength.  Rest.”
“I’m not gonna.”
But Tony would not be enticed from his silence.  “OK,” Steve said again.  “We’ll be downstairs.”
Carefully, Tony slipped the broken ropes away, and nodded upward.  “Go,” he said.
. o .
He was supposed to say something-something-bigger-man-something.
Shuddering at the implication, Tony said, “. . . Slow way’s fine.”
“I heard it,” Thor volunteered, a frown in place.
would understand this.”
Steve received the message—he just opted to ignore it.
“That’s my
Clint warned, “Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Stark.”
Tony goggled behind his visor at the small entourage, including a male who had stepped forward, apparently the host of the committee.  Standing in long tunics and black vests on the sunny, windswept meadow, they looked exactly like Terrans.  Even convergent evolution—the tendency for life to reuse a good technique many times, such as the separate emergence of flight in mammals and birds—could hardly explain
“No, not that,” Tony said, although it was itching at his brain, a breakthrough that wanted to
Tony’s expression was bleak, yet his tone was indifferent as he said, “Certain . . . inherent risks.  Closed, open loop, it all hinges on—”
Tony huffed.  “Prettier, too,” their guide went on.  “Although Rainier’s nothing to scoff at.”
. o .
“Oh, come on, Barton would’ve
“Ah, of course—
.  Soon, half the diners had gathered around their table, most standing, a few slotting onto the limited spaces left on the benches.  Tony started to slip away, sensing he could be more useful sticking his nose other places, when Thor suddenly slammed a fist onto the table and stood up, empty plate in hand.  To Tony’s horror, Thor then smashed the plate on the ground, roared, “
Steve Rogers had his own bedroom, his own private den, but he liked to stay there, with Tony, to be beside him at night and share a few hours before drifting apart for his own nightly cycle.  He was too restless to sleep when Tony was there, but he drowsed, big-cat-like, eyes nearly shut, a warm space heater for Tony to curl into.
, it was not intentional.  Thor was almost too hot to touch, and his armor was spiky in places, whereas Cap’s uniform was soft, his body beneath it warm and human.  And if, in the indulgence of the moment, Tony leaned into it, at least Cap did not draw attention to it, did not turn around and growl over personal space.  For a moment, for one
“I do not like you people,” Steve declared.
“I don’t know,” he said, hearing the fretful air in his own voice, the anxiety for home that could not be placated.
catch fire.  I’m the reason it
“I don’t know about this, Tony,” Steve confided, walking alongside him but keeping Thor in his sightline.
without thought.
pre-warp society?”
.  Be that way.  Thor’s got first dibs.”
Steve glared mutely, even though there was a very sick feeling in his gut, an almost taunting
. o .
Committing the snapshot moment to memory, Steve stepped forward and, with a defining but still gentle tug, covered the reactor with the edge of the cardigan.  “There are other cars, you know,” Steve reminded, voice low, almost private.  Tony waved a hand dismissively.  “Might even be better cars,” Steve impressed.
“Don’t start with me,” Steve said shortly.  He knew she was serious.  He hated that she was serious.  Maria Hill might not even rub his nose in his concession, but he would not need her to: he would never forgive himself for holing up in a S.H.I.E.L.D.-appointed room, absorbing the future one baby step at a time, coddled on all sides by good intentions, all because he found life on the outside too—too
At that, Steve failed to stifle a disbelieving snort.  Bruce and Thor both looked away from the zookeeper feeding the hippo to regard him.  Steve waved them off.  Then he frowned, noticing the missing member from their party.  “Where’s Natasha?”
Disoriented, losing the thread of the conversation, Steve said, “What?”
,” Bruce assured, but he looked wistful and sad, deep in his grief.  “
A mixture of pride and guilt swamped Steve.  Pride, that he had neutralized the enemy—and guilt, that he had hurt somebody, regardless of loyalty.  Happy was red-faced but silent, gripping his arm above the broken appendage and looking like he wanted to strangle Steve with the one hand left to him.
Five sets of eyes flicked to the navigational device glowing in the center of the car, informing them that they had not, in fact, passed their destination.
Then Peter enveloped him in a rib-cracking hug and wept.
Sitting in the roadster, facing the far wall of his laboratory, Tony did not say a word.
Steve thought that was a pretty good justification.
In retaliation, Steve passed him the eggbeater.  Tony puffed up his chest, rolled up his sleeves, and said, “Joke’s on you, I am
.  Steve’s whole pace of life was very unusual—his resting heart rate was in the thirty beats per minute range.  Crunching on his cereal, Tony filled the silence: “Aren’t you supposed to set a good example?”
,” Tony said loudly, making Bruce wince but the Nibirans rustle back to silence, and Bruce looked around, took notice of their shadows, gulping visibly.
“Like hell it’s not!”  Tony tripped, landed painfully on his front.  Steve paused but did not turn.  Tony spat, “I know it’s my fault.”
The storm passed.  Stovok got up to confirm it, which was a tragedy, but Tony’s stomach was growling painfully, and he deeply regretted spending the previous evening in the warp core compartment.  He loved spending time with the antimatter reactor—there was something magnetic about it, irresistibly beautiful, a living dark star shaped by sentient hands—but the lack of a proper meal was eating at him.  Dr. Banner verbalized his discomfort: “We’re going to starve.”
“I don’t know,” Tony said, and his voice did sound truthful, and that made Steve tense, but then Tony added, “but I have a feeling they’ll be back.”  He sauntered into the room, then rubbed his hands together.  “Fury called,” he said bluntly.  “And normally I don’t—make a habit, of answering his phone calls,” he sniffed, rubbing at one eye distractedly, like the mere thought of associating with S.H.I.E.L.D. was shameful, “but I was kind of curious.  He wants you back,” he said bluntly.
And if that did not twist up Steve’s stomach, he did not know what would.
got him.”
He was nearly asleep when Steve retreated with a soft sigh, words unsaid, maybe even
The same elder as before approached, spear at the ready.  Tony tried not to run, to panic, to make any sudden moves whatsoever as—
Steve remembered watching the tape run for a while in silence, all that cheap wasted tape.  It was a courtesy, he learned later.  The real equipment was nearly invisible, it was so small.  The outdated dinosaur stuff was for his benefit.  He could only imagine how poorly the conversation would have gone without the overture:
Unlike his companion.  Still breathing heavily but doing his damnedest to hide it, Tony slowed his stride to a shuffle.  “Heard you haven’t lived ‘til you’ve seen the Grand Canyon,” he said, trying to be conversational.
“Met guys with bullet wounds that complained less than you do,” Steve told him.  Tony gave him the middle finger.  “That’s not nice,” Steve said neutrally.
Tony nodded once.  “. . . That’s fair.”
“No,” Tony said simply.
Way more interestingly, the "cadaver" Tony mentions is a playful reference to the "International Museum of Surgical Science," one of Chicago's many (morbid) attractions. It feels redundant to explain why Tony Stark, human science experiment, would not want to go to a museum that celebrates pre-anesthestic surgical techniques.
“Remind me to bet souls next Trivia night,” Tony deadpanned.
“Get down.”
“No, Tony, baby, c’mon,” Steve groaned, and Tony registered only,
to deal with Tony Stark.
Fury nodded at him, then looked around the bridge.  “I have yet to congratulate Dr. Banner on keeping the two of you alive.”
Tony cut him a look in return.  “Who
Then Tony grimaced.  He lowered his hand.
Tony waved a hand vaguely.
,” Tony reminded.
, Steve repeated, grabbing Iron Man under arms and knees and lifting him up.  For all his physical presence, he was lighter than Steve thought he would be.  All that armor, and it was just the weight of a person, underneath, that mattered.
Defiantly, Steve pulverized the bone with a few sickening crunches.  Tony retched.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, Cap,” Barton replied, cradling a box of cookies in one arm.  “How we doing, Stark?” he asked, squeezing Tony’s foot through the blanket.  “Cookie?  Just don’t get any crumbs on the bed.  Cap's orders.”  Tony scowled at Barton.  “You sure?  Best in town,” Barton said, shaking the box again.  “Then again, I haven’t eaten in . . . three days.”  He crunched down on another one and shook the box in Rogers’ direction.  “Cap?”
,” Tony said emphatically.
“I can fly you back.”
Tony made a deeply disgusted sound in the back of his throat, like he would actually spit on the floor, before restraining himself to, “
The pause dragged on.
“That’s what I said,” Steve echoed, voice loud and muffled, scraping on the cave walls.  “Right back.”
. o .
“. . . What’s that supposed to mean?”
,” Steve said emphatically.  “The only reason you’re still alive, the only
“Your logic is infallible,” Stovok deadpanned.
As soon as he was seated, Tony sighed and dropped the pole.  Then he patted Marker beside a huge black eye.  “Good boy,” he rasped.  “Good boy.”
“Well.”  Waving his hands vaguely, Tony said, “I wouldn’t say it’s my
“Not a morning person, ‘uh?”
From the bush, Dr. Bruce Banner emerged, looking spooked but hopeful, even as Tony approached him and quickly embraced him, patting him firmly on the shoulders.  “What the—”
Sitting in a lone apartment with an entire box of pizza, Clint Barton watched the livestream and said aloud, “Grody.”  Then he switched to his own stream and acknowledged, “Yeah, I think they’re done.  Somebody snipe that, I want ‘Fuck Kevin’ on a t-shirt.”
7:09 P.M.
” he repeated, but the god did not acknowledge them a second time.  Scowling, Steve removed his jacket and tossed it aside.  “You
“Does Ms. Potts know that?” Natasha asked dryly.
Stovok seemed tempted to critique his form or maybe his imprudent manner of execution.  Then he relaxed, kissing back with only a hint of desperation.  Tony slid a hand around his nape, keeping the pressure very light, and Stovok sighed against him.
“I’m still on a short leash,” Steve filled in grimly.
“I am Captain Carter’s second-in-command,” Commander Stovok corrected.
“Right.”
,” he repeated earnestly, overcome with relief.  He had not believed, in his
James Rhodes stepped forward, gripped him by the left arm and
Inside, it was a strange mixture of shut-off and well-lit spaces, almost like a movie set.  Steve was tempted to wander off, to sniff around a bit, get a feel for the land, find out what was really going on, but he dutifully ignored the temptations lurking in cinematic shadow, following their guide up a semi-lit staircase.
“See, this,” Tony declared, standing near the table, holding up a small cup of coffee, “
“What’d I do?” Steve asked.
Steve grunted in affirmation.  Then he downed two gallons of water, inhaled a dozen burgers, and finally sank back in the booth with a gratuitous sigh.
himself to it.  He gripped Cap’s wrist with greater force, with what would be uncomfortable force on an ordinary man.  The back of his neck was damp with sweat.
“Got an answer for everything, don’t you, Stark?” Steve said, turning to face him, cold with anger.  “Got something in that big brain of yours that’ll just fix everybody up right?”
“Stovok,” Tony breathed, breaking into a run.  “Stovok!”
Tony stared at him frankly.  Then he gulped down another mouthful of coffee, grimaced, and said, “Terrible.”
“I do not like that,” Stovok grumbled, sounding more pouty than angry as Tony pressed a softer kiss to his cheekbone, deliberately.  “Hm,” he said, and then, “Hm,” again, in the same thoughtful, almost detached tone, and then Tony kissed a pointy ear and Stovok flew off the bench so fast Tony fell forward.
Steve chucked a spare pillow at him.  Tony burst out laughing, rolling over so he could howl with it.
“She ran away,” Steve explained, his words carefully devoid of emotion.  Tony stared at him blankly.
Finally, about three paces away, Steve Rogers paused.  “Can I get you anything?” he asked quietly.
“Now, hold on, son,” Admiral Pierce said.  Stovok stood stiffly, and Tony could hear his heartbeat, thump, thump, thump, thump.  He was agitated, deeply so.  More so at Pierce’s drawling, almost insolent remark: “You would have us risk our own to put a few Rommies back in their place?”
Tony waved a hand ambivalently, looking more tired than angry, approaching the far side of the room.  “That’s a view.  Not bad.  Not bad at all. . . .”
. o .
“Yeah, sitting in a car for five hours will do that,” Tony said.  “What’ve you been up to?”
“Fat chance.  But they’ll be waiting for you, if you miss ‘em.  Federation’s only putting the brakes on for—”
Steve inclined his head the barest fraction.  Then he looked at Rhodey.  “I’ll be back,” Rhodey said.
To Steve’s surprise, Mayor Cuff fished in a pocket and produced a white card.  “What the hell.  Give your driver a call and take a spin around town.  Happy trails, Mr. Stark.”  Then Mayor Cuff climbed back into his car, offered a light wave, and peeled off.
“I didn’t know,” Tony said, hungry for contact, for tangible proof that this was not a dream.  He ran his hands up to Stovok’s shoulders, cupped his neck, and caught the sunshine yellow of joy and the grassy green of contentment, underscored by a bright white confusion.  Then Stovok firmly removed his hands, gripping them by the wrists and lowering them to Tony’s sides.
,” Clint said seriously.
“How did you all
“Little warning,” Steve bit back.
“Not that I ever want to stifle your creativity,” Tony said, watching Steve jimmy at the windowsill, “but you do realize Natasha will cut off your dick if you break in, don’t you?”
Tony huffed, dusting himself off.  Clint said conversationally, “I could go for a bite to eat.”
“Precisely.”
“I’m gonna stop you there.”
Rebuke did not come.  Instead, Steve insisted quietly, “You shouldn’t sleep in a chair, Tony.”
“You should get some rest,” Natasha advised.
“You ever think what it would be like,” Steve mused, gazing up at the tyrant kings of the prehistoric jungle, “to live back then?”
He drew in a breath—and Thor was right: it
, Tony did not finish.
to include the
“No, I just reap the rewards.”  They shot up before Steve could respond.
Steve sighed.  Tony was nothing if not a provocateur.  Bruce wrung Steve’s arm a little harder.
. o .
“Look, we’re going to brutally murder a potentially peaceful alien in the name of bloodlust, how can you possibly condone this?”
,” Tony said, like he could not believe he was having this argument.  “C’mon.  I already bought you dinner, I don’t do pickup lines.”
He turned to Steve, whose expression was blank, before he turned suddenly.
“What’s wrong with you?” Tony asked suddenly, making Steve start, turning sharply to look at him.  “We’re watching the goddamn movie.”
,” he said seriously.  Then he stepped away to take care of it.
“Only with animals,” Steve said simply, chucking the snowball at the god of thunder.
Tony was no fool, though; he leaned into it, soaked it in, let it hold him together like the splint holding that broken arm together.
Thor greeted them with upraised fist.  Stovok nodded stoically in response.
Steve knew precious little about Alaska.  But he knew precious little about most things.  Most of what he knew about the world was raw knowledge, the kind acquired with his own two hands.  Distant lands full of distant people—those were things he read about but never expected to truly inhabit.
Mollified, Happy nodded.  Then he directed at Tony, who was still looking at the lake, “Do all your friends pack a punch?”
, he thought, dragging it towards him so Marker did not try to bludgeon him with it.  He slid it through his hands until he could grasp the net at the base and unscrew it.  Moving slowly but intently, he planted the stick on the ground and used it to leverage himself upright.
During his U.S.O. days, Steve had learned a lot about Chicago.  Advertised as the third largest city in the United States of America, it had been the ultimate manufacturing hub in the Midwest, churning out everything from foodstuffs to steel goods, pharmaceuticals and petroleum.  Chicago had always had an exciting history: it had burned to the ground (1871), hosted the World’s Fair (1893), and come under new management during the Great Depression, led by two gangsters known in polite company as Gentleman John and Snorky.
“And da Vinci wanted to fly,” Steve finished.
“You are
“The background noise is too loud for the machines.”  Another elbow to the side.  Tony shoved Stovok with both hands, but his inferior human strength did nothing to the Vulcan.
they tell you about the present?”
“. . . Another!” one shouted.
Or, maybe, Steve was simply complicit in Tony’s terrible ideas.  Yeah, that was it.
To his surprise, Commander Stovok responded: “Nibiru.”  Then, looking around, he added presciently, “It would be wise for us to take shelter.  We are not the only living beings on this planet.”
Tony pushed at him, not hard but with enough fear that Steve let go and stepped back, realized what he was doing.  “I’m sorry,” he began, as Tony tried to come awake, process what was happening, and flee, all at once.  “Don’t go,” Steve pleaded.
“The deeds,” Clint announced, Bruce in tow, stepping out of the barn and holding up a sheaf of papers.  He offered them to Tony.
“Uh-uh, you’re on recovery, I’m supposed to ask—”
Tony said, “I’m in the backseat.”
“Stay
There was plenty to focus on, and Juliet gave them even more.  “These are some of the most endangered animals in the world,” she introduced, and Steve thought,
,” Tony said peevishly, tugging on Smokey the Bear’s foot.  “Now help me burn this, it haunts my dreams.”
Tony actually grinned.
Steve stood up, automatically, ready to trace the sound, the source, before remembering:
“I’m not that grunk,” Tony complained.  “I can recite . . . every play . . . William Shakespeare . . . has ever made . . . in order . . .
.  Hopping down from his perch, Tony idled back over to the danger zone and swiped the vanilla extract off the counter.  Then he popped the cap and took a direct hit.  And retched.  “Oh God.  Why.
“Your Ma’s roof, too.”
or do you want a coffee?”
,” Steve said, perhaps a bit too drolly, as Tony gave him a look that implied he lacked gratitude for the gift of knowledge and did not offer him any sort of cold-weather gear.
Maybe it wasn’t a bad word, an evasive word for a hard truth in hard times.
“What does that mean?” Rhodes asked curiously.
“You know,” Steve said softly, “I remember when they first built this place.  They talked about it.  In the papers.
,” Bruce said brightly.  “Steve!  What a nice guy.”
“Your definition of exciting concerns me.”
“What’s the story behind the dogs?” Steve asked.
Yours affectionately,
.”  Thor laughed, reaching forward and triumphantly swiping the cards from Steve’s hand.
smart.”
, which meant that exactly what it meant, the armor really was part of his skin—and gathered him tight to his chest.  “C’mon,” he repeated, only to himself, as Iron Man’s helmet rested against his shoulder and he carried him, blankets and all, towards the couch.
“Don’t throw up,” Steve said at once, nudging the elevator with his hip.
.  This is Alaska!” Thor exclaimed, still wearing his swim shorts, floral tunic, and plastic guitar—apparently oblivious to the cold.
Tony?”  He turned to look at Tony, anger a distant thing as he demanded, “Tony, do
“That’s fine,” Tony said.  Steve held onto him, afraid he might actually collapse, his breathing was so erratic.  He wanted to drag him over to the rocks, sit him down, but Tony shook him off with grim resolve.  “We’ve got places to be.”
. o .
“What’s with the . . . heartfelt sighing?”
“I know
He enjoyed the work of Starfleet.  Sometimes it was tedious—certainly, operating under official guidelines would have worn down his sharp edges, stifled his creative mind until he became dull and uninspired—but mostly, it was a life worth living.
.”  Crunching over the pebbled gravel to Clint, he parked a boot in his behind, nearly sending Clint face-first into the water.  “But bear-spray is ‘inhumane.’”  He rolled his eyes, then let out a yelp as Clint kicked up a spray of water at him, flinging a protective arm in front of his face.  “
Flying.
“Never seen a sparkler before?” Natasha asked, getting up and retrieving the item in question.
“It’s
Touched, Steve said, “Gee, Tony—”
“Dog,
he was gonna get.  Still: “I think a dam—woman.  A woman.  Should.  Be able to—make her own path.”  And this time, she did not spare his foot-in-mouth syndrome as he added, “Not just vote—that’s real swell, all women, they should vote, everybody should vote, it’s a—you know, the Romans—”
Steve gave him a heartfelt deadpan, then proceeded to the more relevant details.  “They said you were a former weapons’ manufacturer,” he paraphrased.  “Who—”
.”  Gesturing vaguely at their surroundings, he added, “This is
—Barium and Ferrum’s loss hit deeper still.
. o .
He ate his fill and was wordlessly passing along coconut after coconut when Dr. Banner wheezed his way to the top.  “Brucey!” Tony greeted, with surprising affection, appetite sated and feet plenty warm.  He held out both arms.  “You’re alive!”
As they butterflied onto the flat icy ground, Steve felt no undue trepidation.
Steve said, “You shouldn’t sleep in a chair.”
“There is a great deal of . . . danger, surrounding this planet,” Stovok explained patiently, careful not to violate the prime directive any more than they had simply by landing on their planet.  “This armor protects us.”
.  It would negate the good intentions, prove that the whole show of it—winning him over, keeping him safe, expressing kindness and sympathy—was little more than an endeavor to keep not him but his heroic heart alive.  As long as it could produce new red blood cells from which the serum could be harvested—
“Not anatomically,” Dr. Banner said, almost dryly.
“I didn’t know you were on that ship,” Tony prompted.
The Final Frontier.
Another brief kiss.  Tony gripped Steve’s arm until his own fingers went numb.
Howdy, champs. Sorry for the delay. 🐼❤️ Been a rough week. I have uncontrollable tachycardia that was exacerbated by a recent trip to the ER. End result: one unhappy bear! I'm still recovering, but I was finally in a good enough place to sit down and write. I didn't push myself, but since it is impossible for me to know when I will make a full recovery, I wanted to proceed cautiously once I felt able to.
Steve said coolly, “No.  Talk.”
Tony was reminded, idly and pleasantly, of hours spent in his homeworld lab, painting with digital ink, creating wonderful things.  He loved to sketch the very body of the universe, as if he could better understand it by tracing the anatomy of atoms, the bewildering residents of subatomic existence.  He enjoyed sketching equations, making discoveries through intuitive streams of consciousness, through sheer logic alone.
The sky was turning pink and the air was cooling off before Steve realized Tony Stark had no intention of leaving a project unfinished.
“Really?”
Thor chose to sit with Tony, which meant that Steve had to make the trek to fetch Clint.  Normally, he believed in a woman’s right to strike her own path—his mother had struck her own path, after all, striking out first to America alongside Joseph, her young husband, only to be stranded alone in the city after he had been killed in the last breath of the first Great War, and boy, wasn’t it a shame there was a second?  “Not that a woman can’t walk alone,” he prefaced, but Natasha just said:
Steve paused thoughtfully, then inclined his head in a nod.  He sat on the ground next to the gate.
“I said—”
“Doesn’t count!” Tony shouted back.  Steve heard Bruce fleeing towards a base.  “Play it!”
As Clint sputtered out indignant curses, Thor paused in his eating to laugh in unbridled amusement.  Iron Man stood up.  “No, don’t go,” Bruce Banner entreated.  “Stay.”
. o .
Neither of them came with intent to harm.  Why he had the ferocious urge to lash out at them was—not their problem.  He drew in a deep breath and held it.  His team was in danger.  His team was in danger.
“You cannot make this assurance.”
. . .
“I love you,” Tony interrupted, honest but sincere.  “And I accept your offer.  To Terra Incognita,” he toasted, holding up his hydration pack.  “We’ll be pirates.”
“God damn you,” Tony whispered, waiting for the pain to subside enough for him to
They had not left the Little Bushel Alpaca Farm.  Steve had to wonder what Linda thought of them.  At least she had agreed to hold their acquisitions until Tony had proper transport arranged.
Shaking his head, Tony just kept laughing in inexpressible amusement.  Steve sighed, but he did not seem particularly put out, even as Tony finally calmed himself and drew in a breath, coughed once.  “You’re just—a really big dork,” Tony managed, by way of explanation, not having the heart or courage to say,
. o .
“We don’t sell shoes,” Aislinn said, stacking another pie on Steve’s pile.
“I’m right here,” Steve shouted back, faint but audible, and Tony nearly lost his grip in surprise.  He looked around frantically.
“Jeremiah, Ezekiel!” a robust gentleman called out as a pair of bloodhounds crowded around Steve, not one step out of the car.  “Get back here right now or so help me!”
Tony had already monkeyed his way up top, but he still called down, “Where’s
Tony Stark panted with fear.
Stovok leaned forward slowly, then hesitated, looking over the hill.  He leaned back.
on him?”
“If you ever get bored of the superhero gig, you could make a
.  The Gorn scampered off the ship at a skipping bunny-hop that reminded Tony of old footage of Moonwalkers.  He laughed in spite of himself, even as Stovok flushed green on his cheekbones.  “As I was saying—”
“Keeping it—like that.”  Realizing he was dancing, skipping around the question, Steve said frankly, “Making sure the armor doesn’t go anywhere you don’t want it to.”
With a sigh, Steve pushed himself upright.  Tony chivvied him along with impatient hand gestures and urgings of, “Let’s go,” and, “Not getting
At last: peace-and-quiet.
“You love coffee,” Steve insisted.
“Then go,” Tony dismissed.
“Three
.  It was not a command; it was a simple request.  It was understood.
After parking the car on the shoulder of the road, Steve parked himself under a tree and watched Clint and Tony continue to squabble.  After a minute, they realized they had more breathing room, got out of the car, and resumed bickering, now with added pushing and shoving.
“I don’t pay him fifty thousand a night to call him ‘Tom,’” Tony replied dryly.
“What’s your second favorite?”
“Nothing more fun than making a billionaire squirm.”
“And you?” Steve prompted.
Steve held his ground.  Happy warned, “Last chance.”
Steve frowned.  “. . . They got rid of polio?”
“Every day,” Steve admitted with a painful smile.  “You don’t forget.  I can’t,” he clarified.  He watched Snow preen her own scales, using her horns to scratch the itch.  “I remember all of them.  Started with twenty eggs, y’know.  Ended with twelve hatchlings.  Now we got six.”
“I have . . . a reputation,” Natasha agreed.  “I’ve been around.  Seen a lot of things.  It made me very useful.”
Clint immediately dropped the reclaimed hose and approached at a run, yelping with joy.  At the very last second, Natasha dropped and launched him over one shoulder.  Clint yelped when he hit the pavement but bounced back to his feet with scarce loss of momentum.  “Nat!  You’re here!” he summarized.
Thor said firmly, “Nay,” and yanked Clint by the pant leg.  He crashed into the table, bringing the whole thing to the floor.
“Wow,” Steve said.
Tony demonstrated.  It did sound forlorn.
,” Tony seethed.  Not angry, but drained.  He hunched forward, curling an arm around his chest.  And then he screwed his eyes shut and said miserably, “If it were a limb, I would
“I’m a winner,” Tony said.  “Try one.”
“Wow.  This is . . . not what I expected.”
“I did think it was a bit unusual,” Tony admitted at last, “that you’d end up in The Bad Place.  Captain
The tapping stopped.  For a brief moment, Steve had the horrible premonition that Alaska—cold, rugged, Arctic
“What?” Steve snapped.  “What d’you want?”
No documented species had found a way to survive in the pure ether, although many had tried.  Despite this inability to survive in the vacuum, many had staked claims to supposedly international celestial waters, ferociously patrolling and covetously guarding long stretches of the void.  Skirmishes were frequent as different races flaunted their ever-increasing capabilities against one another, often toeing the line between diplomatic fist-waving and open war.  It was the goal of the United Federation of Planets to set aside individual hopes and dreams and embrace peace for the betterment of all life forms, negotiating treaties and supplying aid whenever possible.  Yet there were many intelligent life forms who rejected peace in favor of the call of the wild, life’s ineluctable urge to survive and thrive, no matter the cost.
Exasperated but aware that he could burn the bridge between them, Steve let it go.
“Pretty sure I’ve got at least two Stooges who’ll keep an eye on me.”  He paused at his door, then clasped hands with his brother-in-arms.  “I know who to call if I get stuck in the middle of celestial nowhere.”
No one had a good answer.
this, I
promotional line.  So funny.  He scratched the shirt over the metal parasite and wondered if it had a mind of its own.
Then Steve pointed out, “You don’t look like a guy who cares for camping.”
“I like this game,” Thor said, setting the flask on the table and looking at Natasha, who swapped her cards for the flask.  “Ah.  I see that I am winning.  Captain,” he added lightly, “perhaps you would aid me in besting Stark?”
Steve shrugged unapologetically.  Then he said, “You’d think Iron Man would have better things to do than rescue his teammates.”
Never once did Tellurium look at him.  Tellurium did not need to.  Loving dragons was easy; earning their love in return was . . .
,” Tony emphasized.
in the night.”  He pawed around for his other shoe.
“I am fairly certain this is the whole village,” Stovok replied, standing beside him, shaking his head in vague wonder.  “What a masterful strategy.  Numbers.”
“I got impatient,” Tony muttered against his shoulder, keeping the cane under hand for support.  “It’s snowing on the East Coast, you know.”
He heard Steve get up.  He tensed.
Tony held up a hand.  “Say no more.”  Only a Vulcan would learn the literally barbaric tongue of the sworn enemy of the Federation as a
Steve opened the door.  Clint asked, “You up for a run?”
-and-
“I would refrain from eating or drinking,” Carter reminded.  “Until you have reconvened with the starship.”
allergic.”  And then he walked off without another word.
“I’m older than sliced bread,” Steve replied.  At Tony’s flat look, he added sincerely, “I remember it.  It was the last summer before the Depression.  They called it
Two seconds later, Steve ottered out of the frothing, freezing water, stepping upright and shaking off once vigorously.  Reclaiming his jacket, he wound it up and whacked Clint on the hindquarters with it.  “
“That leaves surficial wounds,” Tony said, blade
Steve already regretted it.
is a research vessel.”
“This one’s mine!” he called out, before slamming the door shut behind himself.
Tony resumed walking down the road.
?” and disappeared around the corner to root for it.
“Whatever you’re thinking,” Tony started, and then came the Vulcan nerve pinch, and the world dropped out from under him.
“But does it
“Then you will remain on your vessel,” Sojef said pleasantly.
Tony struggled after him.  Snow stood on the lawn, looking regal and menacing in the moonlight, blinking at him stoically.  Steve approached her with such agitation that she hissed loudly at him, and he paused.
“Seventy years of
He sat for a while, still, unmoving, lithifying.  Was that not the most frustrating thing about pain?  It fed on itself, cannibalized its own existence: joy was like a butterfly fluttering on the wind, but pain was a spark in a dry field, spreading as far and wide as it could go.  The longer he sat with it, the more pervasive it felt, until there seemed to be nothing inside him untouched by the fire.
He sighed.  “I think I’m spending too much time with Tony.”
Tony waved him off.
Romanova lifted her own shirt, revealing a waistline that could phase a Vulcan.  “See this?”
Steve shushed.
The first panic attack struck him in the middle of the night.
There was silence for a long moment.
Sighing in defeat, Steve went back for his beer, wishing he had some of those hot wings again.
,” he muttered.
Steve turned it back, holding the dial to prevent Tony from making another unwanted intervention.  The news anchors had already moved on.  Steve sighed in annoyance, sitting back.  Inspired, he reached for his pocket, pulled out his journal, and thumbed to a fresh page.
“No,” Tony said, as the familiar piano tune issued from the radio at a far more enjoyable volume.  “Jarvis—”
,” Thor translated.  But he did not set Vættr down.  “Especially one with an envious brother.”
“For the goddamn sake of the Gorn.”  Handing the wheel to J.A.R.V.I.S.
“Maybe I’ll ask them to keep you,” Steve deadpanned.
down there, already devouring Bruce—poor, sweet Bruce—and waiting to make him their next victim.  There was no way out: they were surrounded by pockmarked rock on all sides, each full of holes, eroded tunnels.  Desperately afraid, Tony hid his face against Cap’s neck.
Tony blinked.  The elder repeated, “’end,” sitting heavily on the word.  Then he clicked and hooted at his fellows, who dispersed, all at once.  Tony blinked, looking behind him, but the elder was gone, too.
In lieu of nothing, Steve explained, “He hates boxes.”
“I’ll take four of them,” Tony said.
A deep voice clicked several times behind Tony, then made a strange, almost crooning sound.  At once, the elder froze. Then he pushed Tony aside and, before Tony could reclaim his footing, planted himself over the prone half-Vulcan, spear at his throat.  The Nibiran barked something full of malicious intent.  Stovok echoed back calm with a series of clicks and throat warbles that oozed
“It’s nothin’ new,” Tony said, in a teeth-grindingly placating tone.  He flicked the dial to another station.
“Calm yourself, Thor,” Commander Stovok said calmly.
Dedicating that one to himself, he scrubbed the back of his wrist over his face, put together a feelings-free sandwich for his husband, and looked down at the feline sniffing about the floor.
Stupid Steve.  And stupid Bruce, for thinking that the super-heavy elixir might actually be of use.  Sure, Steve wasn’t in
“I’d rather you not.”
He didn’t mention the vast starship fields or the cities without a spot of green in sight, a world that was at odds with its desires, to run away and return home.  Earth was still good.  Earth was still
“You’re a little sour before breakfast, you know that?”
“Yup.”
“’m a geniusss,” Tony slurred, face-down on a mattress, four floors down.  “’m sooo smart.”
“He’s already there,” Clint prophesized.
At Steve’s truly unimpressed look, Tony swiped the bag from his loose grip.  Then he sprinkled about half the bag into the bowl.  “Okay, that should be enough.”
“What, you think I’m a wuss?”  Tony’s voice was only a touch hysterical as a louder, more ominous rumble removed Tony’s hand from Stovok’s shoulder, seemingly of its own accord.  “All yours, Spunky.”
Unprepared, unwashed, and reeling from the meteoric impact of a
“Here, let me—there’s a—”  Tony forced his eyes open as Rogers leaned over him, disheveled, chalk-dusted, looking like a puppy that had been dragged out of a dumpster and left on his doorstep.  He tangled a hand in his tattered uniform.  Rogers gingerly deflected his grip, getting a hold of the attached remote on Tony’s right side instead.  “Sorry, shouldn’t lean over—”  Sitting back, Rogers held up the remote triumphantly, then frowned at it, like an old man without his glasses, before pressing a button and setting the remote aside with a half-shrug.  “There.  Now.”  Without self-consciousness, he returned his hand to Tony’s free one, squeezing.  “You with me?”
Steve said seriously, “You’re trouble,” and thought about dropping him.  Then he thought,
Tony felt two hands gripping the back of his shirt tightly.  He looked over a shoulder at Dr. Banner, who looked petrified.  “Don’t let him eat me,” Bruce entreated.  “I’m mangy.”
Tony glared at him.
Stovok shuffled back into the cave on his back, pulling himself in.  “I believe now is the time to proceed with Plan A,” Stovok announced, almost brightly.  “Unless you have a compelling counterargument?”
Tony made an eloquent gesture at his ears, followed by an audible, “I CAN’T HEAR YOU.”  He then gripped onto Bruce’s shoulder as the latter stumbled, preventing him from falling.
. o .
Blinking, Steve sat up on his long chair, taking in the sights of the city, surprised to find the light had shifted—softer, less bright, but still early evening, well before sunset.  While the sunglasses were the same, Steve noticed Tony had exchanged his cardigan and blue jeans for a more presentable
. o .
After a moment, he clicked his light off.  “Stick to the posted speed limits.  Avengers,” the cop said.  And he returned to his car.
“What is the utility of premature surrender?”
Tony paused mid-shuffle, then reached for a second small pile of cards, shuffling them in silence.
?” Steve repeated, unable to deny a certain—well, very quiet but very earnest wistfulness.  “You can’t be talking about the dinosaur.”
I entertain Captain America for an entire day?”
It is a beginner's way of understanding Russian, rather than a holistic way of understanding Russian. I do not wish to offend anyone; it is solely done for the purpose of easing readability for those who are unfamiliar with the Cyrillic pronunciation.
Except for the crocodiles.
It was cold and dark and hardly Tony Stark’s definition of a good time.
As soon as the door shut, everyone except Thor breathed a sigh of relief.
He did not realize how lost he was in the image until a knock came on the door.  “Cap?”
“Just that easy,” Tony Stark declared, gesturing with a milkshake and ignoring the crushing glare Steve sent him.  “Look—”
Steve sat beside him, ignoring the electrifying cold in the air.
Tony stood up, staring at the view port, unable to process it.  He had seen planets devoid of life, planets stripped of their integrity, even planets rendered uninhabitable by the toys of war.  Never had he seen one so thoroughly
“Yinsen.”  Waving a hand vaguely, Tony explained, “The
“Oh, good,
“Not even close,” Tony said, but he actually sounded cheerful about it.  “Now, where the
“I’m not lost in thought,” Steve retorted.
Grimly, Steve pulled his notebook out of his jacket, scribbled down
Even though Steve knew, already, how the story must end, he stepped closer to Barton, anyway, listening intently as Clint said: “For a moment, when I—heard you coming down the river, it was like . . . he was coming to get me.”
It was beautiful.
“They’re all dead,” Dr. Banner finished for him.
Tony grilled J.A.R.V.I.S., manually checked that Actinium still shone blue, unlike dark-red Curium.  When at last he confirmed that Curium, of his own damn volition, had made the journey, he could only write back,
He needed to see Steve, he needed to see Steve so badly it was like a physical
Tony nodded tightly, tapping the bar for a refill.  In record time, the bartender replaced the horrible drink.
The ruse almost worked.
His life was at the mercy of strangers.
“He kicked it,” Tony disclaimed cheerfully, crunching on a handful of trail mix, oblivious to the fact that it was four-thirty in the morning and midday bright.
Clint laughed.  A big, hyena-like
“Time is diminishing,” Stovok interrupted, looking down at the caldera below.  “I have found Dr. Banner.”
“The what?”
look, then swung Mjolnir around, offering it to Thor.
The scene was normal.
“Hm?”
Tony blinked slowly at his surroundings, unable to comprehend them.  They were in a cave—a small, dark cave, but a cave, nonetheless—that was just tall enough for a man to stand in and pace, as Dr. Banner was, keeping as much distance between himself and their Vulcan leader as possible.  “They’re primitive, of course they’re
Shaking his head, Tony grasped his cane and thudded off.  Steve did not let him get away, persisting, “Something happen?”
With the foot traffic muffled, Steve took a few moments to collect himself, running shaking hands over his legs.  He liked people, but he had trouble distinguishing people grabbing him for a fight and grabbing him for a photograph.  It was easier to keep them at a distance, but Steve hated it as much as he preferred it.  He
“Then why’d you answer the door?” Steve retorted coolly.
Shaking his head again, Tony denounced, “I watched the
Focusing on the press of his fingertips into warm skin to keep the ghosts away, Tony tracked the path of Steve’s breathing, from hip to shoulder and back again, to banish the demons.  There were no knots to smooth away, no sore spots to kiss better.  Steve was as perfect as perfect could be.
.  That.”
“That’s not funny.”
. o .
“Shut
“We wait for the storm to pass,” Commander Stovok replied, his voice vibrating in his chest, which was pressed to Tony’s back.  “Then we attempt to establish communications with the ship.  If we are unsuccessful, we will move on to Plan B.”
one.  He slouched a little in Steve’s hold, forgetting himself.  He was pretty warm, too.  Space heater.  “So, uh,” Tony began, words slow, parsing things out, “you come here often?”
Tony did not move.
Tony grunted a negative.  “OK,” Steve said, relieved to hear him, no matter how curt.  Rico grumbled to himself in a catlike manner.  Steve laid a reassuring hand on the cat’s back (
Clint said, “You’re a regular animal whisperer,” while Steve dared him to make an estimate of how much meat they might carve off’a Ginger.  Maybe twenty pounds.  She was just a baby.
After the wreath-laying ceremony, Steve found himself with the former crew of the Space Shuttle
“Who’s this?” Rhodes asked.
being afraid of anything, let alone a sweet old dog.  Tony tried clamping a hand over his mouth, but Steve just shucked him off his back—gently, he was not
pretty,” Iron Man said.
Some things, he might never understand.  Some things, he was just not supposed to—the world was a strange place, after all, even when he understood a larger fraction of what was in it.
“Take me back,” Steve said.
“I should drive,” Tony insisted, facing Natasha, who bore the critique implacably.  “S.I. paid your bills for fou—fiiive?  Weeks?  Five weeks?  It’s my car.  I should drive.”
. o .
“I got nothing,” he said at last, frustrated.
And then, to Tony’s shock, he snapped the ropes off.
“I am extremely endearing,” Tony said with a completely straight face.
Steve chose to tune out from the story of creation—no doubt Thor would repeat it, should he ask—and check in with Tony, who looked a bit cold and small, off on his own.  “Y’okay, pal?” he asked, careful to keep his voice low.
, Steve wanted to clarify, as that expression turned broody.
Hulk thumped the ground again, sealing the agreement.
At a diner on the other side of the border, Tony’s telephone rang.
“Come on,” Steve insisted, making a
“Pixie Meat?” Steve echoed, very flatly.
“Done,” Tony said, picking up a box of salt and adding in a spritz to the flour bowl for
“If you continue insulting our hosts, no matter how severe the linguistic barrier, your message will eventually seep through,” Stovok warned.
Steve released them.  Clint huffed and returned to his fishing pole.  Tony stood stiffly where he was, still a bit damp from Clint’s retaliation.
“What’s wrong?” Natasha asked.
It was fascinating to listen to, but Tony was more impressed by the way
“Like the Briar Patch,” Anij agreed.
But there was an empty mug of coffee on the counter, with a white napkin underneath it.  Tony said, “Please be a clue.”  Lifting it, Tony made a triumphant noise.  “3-1-7.  Does 3-1-7 mean anything to you?” he asked Steve.
Thor needed to learn, Tony had energy to kill, and Natasha knew enough card tricks to put a magician out-of-business.
Wondering what sort of Wonderland he had fallen into, Steve said patiently, “I don’t want to.”
“How many pink elephants do you see?” Tony replied, utterly nonsensically.
Tony did an audible double-take.  Steve hid a smile against his palm and shut his eyes.
With a grimace that anticipated great remorse, Tony lifted the coconut to his nose, sniffing at it.  The Nibiran next to him made an encouraging sort of sound, and Tony set his teeth around the edge of the shell, surprised at how soft it was.  It had a vaguely apple-like texture.
“I’m not here to torment you.”
“Only thing I miss is my incredibly quiet cabin.”
They all watched as he pulled out a few hundred dollar bills, laying them on the table.
“No,” Steve said.  For good measure, he swiped the cannister from Tony and tossed it aside, removing temptation.
But then Tony said breathlessly, “Stop, stop,
Clinging to Steve’s back like a koala, Tony Stark hummed
It disappeared when a boy, no older than seven, came running up to him.  “Come play!” he said, breathless but earnest, tugging on Stovok’s sleeve.  Stovok stared at him blankly for a moment, like he had never seen a child before, before rising smoothly to his feet.  Sojef opened his mouth, but Anij squeezed his wrist, and he closed it.
“Put him down,” Steve ordered.
listings, skirting around the table buoyantly.  Steve took a seat opposite Bruce and fixed his gaze on the skyscrapers, listening to the resident genius proselytize:
After an hour, Bruce threw in the towel.
“With or without you?”
Steve said, “Not particularly,” but Tony just went on:
smell like flowers.  An abundance of flowers—hearty stick-to-the-tongue honeysuckle, soft dusty wisteria, a whisper of lemony four o’clocks, a breath of dewdrop lavender.
Pierce did not reach for it.  Cap released the agent, who staggered away, clutching his wrist to his chest.
Dusk arrived too quickly.
Spotted, hunted, painfully alone, without friend or guiding light in the world, he could neither advance nor retreat without putting himself in a more vulnerable place.
“What happened to the Romulans?”
Steve said, “How could I?”  At Tony’s look, he added, “I don’t have a telephone.”
, its maw gaped thirty-inches-wide, enveloping his midsection in one bite.  If the armor had not been built to withstand even more frightening forces, the blow would have cleaved him in half; as it was, he felt teeth punch into the skin below the armor as the Nightmare swerved and plunged towards the Earth in a vertiginous drop.  With an unstable seal, the suit could not maintain pressurization; consciousness dropped out in the same maneuver.
, close to his heart.  He wanted to pull the whole thing out.  He reached up with a hand to do so and—
Steve had no way of knowing.  In the darkness and the rain, even his robust tracking system failed.
“Maybe you should make different life choices,” Steve advised—compassionately, he felt.
A very warm hand settled over Steve’s wrist, near his limp-fingered hold on the shield.  He could dig out the steel foundations from their concrete encasements without loss of personal integrity.  It horrified people, when they saw how tough the serum had made him.  But the hand settled on his with a sort of implacable innocence, immune to fear.
Sun would be up in an hour.
Step.  Step.  Step.
Tony Stark loved to fly.
“It’s Beethoven,” Tony grunted, chewing so aggressively Steve worried for his jaw.  Then Tony set his knife down—embedded it in the table next to the first one, actually, but Steve caught the sentiment—and complained, “I finally get the guy and I
Stovok nodded once, his whole posture bristling with betrayal.
“I’m sorry?” he finally rasped, throat cut up and raw.
Steve gave him a look that was so loudly,
it all.  To explore strange new worlds, meet life in all its many forms.  Standing still was never enough for a being made of stardust.
They landed hard enough to crater the Earth and break a nauseating number of Tony’s bones.  Thankfully, he was not conscious on impact.
, he thought, looking over at Marker, gliding on the air effortlessly, unaware that he was remarkable, that anyone would love him.
Shaking his head, Steve opened the door.  Thor beamed; Tony still looked surprised, then frowned to try and hide it.
“You would make a
Tony twisted a little to look, saw the narrow opening behind him, and promptly panicked.
“What’s so special about coffee?” Steve asked, sipping at the cup.  Tasted like coffee.
“Why should I?”
“If I die before I live,” Tony began, and the realization crystallized, for Steve, as it surely had for Natasha, at some point down the line—and maybe even Bruce, but certainly not for Clint or Thor, loping about in the wilderness without a care in the world.
“Ohhh,” Bruce said, with a soft, ah-ha noise.  “The sauce.  That makes sense.”
“Do as he says,” Stovok advised.
Yes.  Tony Stark was happy.
Splitting his attention between the circus trio and Tony Stark, Steve recited the report from memory.  Even the irrelevant stuff, like,
“You know something?”
“I was.  Then New York caught fire.”
Clint scooted discreetly away from Indium.  Indium wandered over to bother Marker over his bone, who let out a deep lion’s growl that nearly made Tony piss himself, never mind poor Indium, who trotted over to the couch and wedged himself underneath it.  Marker warbled in amusement, then resumed chewing his bone.
“Absolutely not, say it again,” Tony wheedled.
“My life
“Came to the right place,” Coleman said.  “Good place to get away.”  He looked around, surveying his land.  “Good place.”  A warm breeze washed over them.  It was terribly comfortable; Steve envied the man’s calm place in the world.  Then Coleman said softly: “You’re him.  Aren’t you?”
Steve was glad he had a photographic memory.  Because he kind of wanted to revisit this moment, someday: Tony Stark, feeding two wild hogs.
“Aye,” Thor replied, taking the interruption with more magnanimity than Steve would have expected.  He supposed being alive for—however long Thor had apparently been alive for, might grant one the patience to deal with such things.  “Huge beasts.  Like wolves, but large enough to saddle and ride.  Only the bravest may try to.  The warg is known to dismember its prey in a . . . most abhorrent manner.  My father says they were created by his father’s father, to carry on his rule after his death.  I am grateful my own father has been more lenient.  My great-great-father would not have allowed an intermingling of our people,” Thor acknowledged.
“Phobos.”
, shoving the arc reactor deep into his double’s chest, and for one moment, Steve thought,
what was going to happen, and intercepted Mjolnir’s flight-path with his own upraised palm.
,” Dr. Banner whined.  “We’re going to die on a
“You want the heating pad.”
“Listen to me,” Natasha said.  “You are dying.”  Twisting the point with an audible if faint crackle—a gargled sound creaked out of the helmet, and it was all Steve could do not to fling her aside as Iron Man lifted a palm limply towards her—Natasha went on, “You have to take off the chest plate.”
“We would welcome time with a Vulcan,” Anij submitted quietly.  “If he chooses to stay with us.”
“Sweetie,” Linda said.
“Smokey,” Tony said.  “Smokey the Bear.”
Tony nodded in acknowledgment.  Bruce went on, “
. o .
“This is Kevin,” Iron Man said, holding up a two-by-four demonstratively.  “We all hate Kevin.”  He made a
. o .
He dragged himself back to his feet.
Paling, Bruce asked, “Am I in trouble?”
,” in a snide imitation of Steve’s voice.  Then he stomped back over to the camera—oh, look at that, still on—and drew in a big, deep breath.  “Listen, kids.  I’m hip, I’m cool.  I’ve been to ‘a club.’  I’ve had ‘a drink.’”  He did the air quotations.  “I’ve made ‘choices.’  I’ve slept with—”
“Yes, I can,” Tony replied.  Then, looking at Steve, he said, “Make good on your threat.”
Holding his ground, Steve said stiffly, “I’d do it again.”
Steve gave Clint an unimpressed look.  “. . . Every day.”
Steve shook his head.  “Sorry, pal.”
Steve put a hand on the small of Tony’s back.  “You
Bruce looked at him dolefully.
, you could have all the lamb you wanted.”
“Fuck him,” Tony grumbled.  “He ruined a beautiful thing.”
,” Tony said, enunciating the name very clearly.  “Know how I know that?”
But Tony sighed.  “Guess there’s still work to be done,” Steve acknowledged, trying not to sound as rained-on as he felt.  He shook his head.  “Polio.”  He dug into his pocket, pulled out his journal, and flipped through it, uncaring that Tony could see it.  He nearly tore a page, then freed the pencil and wrote POLIO in all capitals.  For good measure, he crossed it out—a paranoid part of him worried he would wake up in a hundred years and find out some well-meaning person had resurrected it based on Captain America’s unintended endorsement.
For a long, eerily quiet moment, Steve stared at the broom blocking his path.  Then he stepped on the head and snapped its neck with a truly awful
“Happy,” Tony warned.
“Like a plant,” Clint Barton chimed in, wolfing down another bite of shawarma.  “Still need soil,” he added.
On a scientific whim, he shuffled forward.  Nothing bad happened to him.  Hah.  Hah!  He scooted closer, chest up against the barrier.
They stared at each other.
Tony dropped his hand and glared at Stovok.  “
“You also bought Bruce one,” Steve reminded, doing his best to suppress the immediate fondness that welled up inside him at the mere mention of baby Ginger.
Peggy would say, tapping his shoulder in passing.
. o .
“Tell me more,” Tony prompted.
“Sure you can,” Tony said, in a tone that implied Steve had recommended jumping off the Empire State Building to do it.  “Thor,” he said, even though Clint hopped down and said with audible interest:
Her jaw came to rest on his shoulder, heavier than a hay barrel.  He almost buckled, back straining to support the weight.  “I gotcha, I gotcha,” he chanted.  “I gotcha.”
feel more grounded.  “We’ll get you fixed up.”
“I assure you, they are authentic.”  Tony had never heard Stovok’s voice so soft, pleading, humbled.  “I must press again my petition, that we target not the Romulan base directly, but allow ourselves to disperse and repel them as individuals—”
,” Dorothy declared, looking around a room full of friendly, familial faces, back in Kansas, once again.  “
By 0900 hours, he was off to the proverbial races.  With parting head pats to the Griffons, Steve dutifully endured a three-hour-long tour of the nation’s capital, including a walkthrough of the Smithsonian Museum and a visit to the World War II Memorial.
. o .
,” Clint replied, stepping further out into the water.
“You got it.”  Tony ripped off the check, held it out.  “Nice doing business with you.”
,” Tony complained, still chewing.  “Do you even know the Heimlich?  I’m gonna die.”  He swallowed hard, then sighed, “False alarm.”
Steve opted not to rise to the jibe, instead giving him space.  He followed along from one exhibit to the next, as quiet as a schoolboy, until they reached the monkeys.  Then he brightened, looking around for a peanut dispensary.  Probably sold them in a fancy shop now, he mused, glancing around the monkey cage, surprised at the lack of peanut shells littering the floor.  “You guys clean up the shells nice,” he observed.
Softly, but with a
” Cap Bird rebuked, voice slightly muffled behind his mask.
. o .
“I thought we were going to Alaska,” Steve observed, watching rain fall in gray, grizzly sheets over the tarmac.
“It’s not Stockholm Syndrome, if that’s what you’re asking.”
Barton groaned out loud.  “
“Don’t you know
At Stovok’s distinctly unamused look, Tony waved a hand and clarified, “I meant
“I said, I am
Hunching into a chair by the far wall, he kept his shoulder to the wall, his hand over the emptiness in his chest, and waited to be dragged away.  With words or hands, it did not matter; it would come.
“I don’t think you earned that,” Steve pointed out, as Tony swiped a blue lollipop from the barrel and made to unwrap it.
. o .
there was something there, a society, a bond.  Something to speak to.
“Why not start from the interior and work our way out?” Tony posited, just to be contrary.
“It’s a—means ‘Get lost.’”
it’s open until midnight.  That’s what I like to hear.”
, he thought giddily.  He startled when Steve skidded into view, looking at them all—mother of dragons, hatchlings, and Tony—before exhaling hard.
Steve loosened his grip.
fella—”
Thor said heartily, “I should hope so.”
—before holding his silence instead.  Clint went on, “It’s weird.”
.  We’re all that’s left.”  Looking imploringly at Stovok, Bruce stepped closer and said, “Please tell me you have a plan.”
He was home, and Snow knew it.
“Waiting for us to dissolve, to split ourselves into pieces so that they can launch an effective counterattack.  No, they are
. o .
His breathing was noticeably heavier.  It was not hard to discern that he was in some kind of pain.
“It’s melting, make a wish!”
stricken by illness at such a young age as to be permanently shaped by it—that was one who could hardly shout and be heard, even once.
Clint kicked more water at him.
“You don’t,” Natasha said, her voice very calm and surprisingly fair, given that he had threatened to decapitate her.  “You want to wake up tomorrow.”
.  Tony was perfectly justified chucking an egg at the back of his head when his back was turned, rooting around for a mixer.
Steve locked eyes with her.  “Fury put you up to this.”
Even as Tony watched in horror, Stovok landed on the rocks, gripping on with surprising strength.  Tony exhaled sharply.  The Nibirans were all watching intently, chattering among themselves.  The Nibiran cluster below paused to look up at the commotion, then paused to simply watch Stovok climb down, hand over steady hand.
In a little over two hours, the sun would be up.  It was enough time to slip onto the couch or even the floor and catch some z’s, but Steve felt uneasy without a posted guard.
Stovok frowned at him as if to imply
“I have an apron, I’m definitely helping.  Give me.”
“You’re weird,” Clint chimed in.
Tony breathed him in, contemplating a witty, wonderful comeback.  Then he just sighed, shuffled as close as he could, and wrapped both arms around Steve’s head, hugging it even as he hid against the mattress, away from the world.  Steve’s breathing was so steady, so heavy, he could hardly bear to stay awake, but he still managed, “Sap.”
Another brief, painful laugh bubbled out of him.
Stovok sighed a little.  “Had you not left so hastily, you might have allowed us to bargain.”
To his relief, the clerk—perhaps leaning more on the Captain America awe than the good Samaritan kindness alone—stated, “I can help you out, no problem.”
“Suit yourself.”  Clint stuck a piece in his own mouth, pocketing the rest.  “I haven’t been on a road trip in years.”
But Juneau was full of enough trouble for those who sought it.
There was nothing particularly remarkable about it—it was not the day when Tony would sign off the Iron Man armor to a trusted branch of Stark Industries led by Peter Parker, for example, nor was it the day when Tony would celebrate his twenty-first year of marriage (a day that Steve had once imagined would never arrive)—but it was a beautiful snowy morning, and Tony was there to witness it, and Steve was there to bear witness to
“Delicious,” Tony replied guilelessly.
“Wanted to?”  At the cathedral silence, Tony stiffed, “I don’t care what you want.”
Now supremely self-conscious, Steve took a big bite of his toast, chewing slowly enough that he hoped Tony would lose interest in his answer and move on.
Or Stovok was simply delirious and did not realize Tony was prying at all.
He could still feel Ginger’s warmth against him, long after the farm was out of sight.
. o .
And pay no mind to the backseat hanger-oner.
“Do not trouble yourself,” Stovok said, his voice oddly quiet.
Tony made an ambivalent noise.  Then, rallying, he grabbed Steve by the arm and give him a propelling shove in the right direction.  “That’s just because you haven’t seen what I have planned,” he dismissed, planting both hands on the back of Steve’s shoulders and pushing him ahead.
, and gave it a controlled shake.  Tony roused, but not quickly enough for his liking, and Steve shook him a little more,
Tony stayed exactly where he was until Stovok murmured, “That went well.”
Bruce stared at the flask.  Steve felt the palpable hunger in Tony’s eyes as he, too, stared at the flask.
. o .
People shouted, bodies moved.  Steve did not care that the case disappeared.  He only cared that
Steve found some peace under the stairs, sitting on the cool porch, resenting the cool night more than he should.
“You are human.”
“That’s the thing.  They’re not really aliens.  Not to us.”  When Romanova and Stovok both looked at him, Tony leaned back and clarified, “They’re
Disturbed, Tony looked at Thallium, who licked her chops and looked at him hopefully.  He told her seriously, “I will protect you with my life.”
“Hi.”  In her lap, she held the old girl.  “You left this.”
“Both scary
followed Thor as he stood to fetch a glass of eggnog for himself.  “You got a shadow,” Tony told him.
. o .
“Slice open.”
“Mr. Stark,” Stovok greeted calmly.  “I have made a most interesting discovery.”
.”  He looked at Romanova, seated in the copilot’s chair, and asked, “Am I in trouble?”
“No,” Tony said.
It was an awesome way to learn.  Books were magic—capturing stories told by the dead, that otherwise would never be recounted—but watching an artist make, with such verve and skill, made him want to know Tony’s mind, like the architecture of a grand museum that had never once been seen.  Steve found himself mentally drawing the towering pillars, the arches so tall they disappeared into darkness again, the vast, narrow spaces, endless catacombs.  It seemed a frightening place, from whence the brilliance came.
“. . . How?”
“Jeremiah!” Coleman barked, and that was all the warning Steve had before a Tony Stark-sized weight leaped onto his back.
Maybe in a few years, a small expeditionary committee would arrive, to see what had caused the blip.
Tony wished, never more than in that moment, that he could speak dragon, assure,
Sitting on the opposite bed, Steve said grimly, “If you’re not asleep in five minutes, I will put you to sleep.”
,” Tony insisted, fumbling for a shoe and chucking it with force at the ceiling.  “’m the thing that goes
. o .
.  Vulcans were not a touchy-feely race; why should Stovok intercept his own stupidity?  It was not as if the small fall had
Rolling his eyes, Steve pulled out his notebook and jotted down
He begged J.A.R.V.I.S. to autopilot the suit to safety.  J.A.R.V.I.S. obliged.
—Steve did not respond.
Dawn had not even broken when the white streak appeared in the sky, drifting low and finally landing.  Tony watched as Steve almost fell off her back, gripping his neck in one hand and a squirming white object in the other.
, with its teeth-filled maw nearly grazing the high ceiling.  While murmuring admirers had passed by him, his mother had stayed close, gripping his hand tightly, like he might run away and never return.
headline.”
At last, Tony leveled out at thirty thousand feet.  He watched as Marker soared above him, then arched backwards, completing an utterly gratuitous loop-de-loop.  “Attaboy!” Tony shouted.
“That’s a beautiful name,” Tony chimed in, standing shoeless on the hardwood floor.
“Almost there,” Clint said, as his sprinkle mountain grew to unstable proportions.  “Keep it coming.”
Sighing, Steve turned away from the window, wrapped one arm around Tony, and pulled him into a brief but conciliatory embrace.  “OK, I’m sorry,” he told Tony’s hairline.
Depositing the leftover Coleman pies on the counter, Steve began to wander around the penthouse, taking in the Chicago skyline, while Thor showed off his quarters to Bruce—“This bathing apparatus is quite primitive, but effective!”—while Clint snored from another room, Natasha and Tony exchanged words in their corner.  The conversations began to blur together as Steve approached the big windows, looking out at the city.
. o .
To all: enjoy! And thank you so much for the support; I have really enjoyed this universe.
As the overall inebriation level increased and the sun crept towards the horizon, the crowd’s attention drifted away from a single object.  Steve was very grateful, albeit in an abstract way.  By 2000 hours, he started to feel somewhat purposeless, adrift in an ocean without a set course.  He kept an eye out for Natasha, but she seemed to have disappeared completely—maybe even never have been, he thought morosely.  He was hungry again, but eating alone had never appealed to him.
. o .
Steve said, “Tony,” but Tony kept his eyes on the road.  “Look, I didn’t mean to—”
. o .
Tony pouted.  “It’s almost Christmas, must we trade
That oughtta keep ‘em busy for a little while.  “OK,” Steve said aloud, looking down at Bruce, who had latched onto his sleeve.  At least his teeth had stopped rattling.  “First order of business.  Let’s go find a lollipop.”
“When you’re stuck between a rock and a hard place, if you don’t have it, that,
“Since that would be depriving
,” Tony repeated.  Then: “Ice cream.”
That would be hilarious.  Ramsay versus Cap.
The bear pondered closer.  Steve nudged Tony into the bush, one arm across his chest.  “Can I spray him now?” Tony whispered, clinging to Steve’s arm with one hand and pointing the bear spray at the bear with the other, looking far more gleeful than petrified.
“Whose side are you on?” Steve snapped, keeping his voice low but not curbing the bite.
.  Not that Stovok would indulge in such a sensual ritual.
Tony Stark, meanwhile, had a far less relaxed gait, consciously swaggering, very upright.  There was a rhythm to his walk, no hint of a stumble, despite the audible hitch underlying every fourth breath or so.  He did not seem consciously aware of it.  Steve doubted most people would ever notice it.
Steve said, “I did not
“They are slaughtering hundreds by the day,” Stovok husked.  “They are—”
Steve flipped open the cover, held it up.
.  He breathed again, cursing Vulcan anatomy, feeling the softest, shallowest rise of a breath that would take almost a minute to complete before sinking down again.
He followed, halting abruptly at the sound his own feet made as they sloshed through the water.  There was no exact picture-memory for it, but like a horse balking on the trail, he could not make himself move through it.  His vision tunneled, until he could not see Natasha at all, deep underground, deep under the ice, trapped in the water,
“What’s realistic about false hope?”
“We will triumph yet, Stark.”
. o .
Then Thor said in a recognizably conclusionary tone: “And so sayeth we all, long liveth the kings, ‘til the last star burneth out.”
, Mr. Stark, oh my
“Ladies first,” Natasha replied, looking down at Bruce, lying flat on the dirt, and over at Clint, who had already made it to the back of the truck, drinking from their communal water jug.  Shaking her head, she said simply, “Boys,” and met up with Clint.
This was going to be a long day.
To his surprise, it was a
Steve grumbled, very near to a growl.
Tony acknowledged, “You know, the more I learn about Asgard, the less I want to visit.”
in the corner.  “Good bird, good bird, good bird, good bird,” he told each of them, tapping elbows.
He clung to it, like a blanket around his shoulders, an unexpected boon, small, hobbled.  Unable to move, he stood quietly, waiting for Steve’s breathing to deepen so he could escape, for J.A.R.V.I.S. to intercede, for—
“That’s not nice,” Steve said, picking up Curium fearlessly, burning log and all.  “Drop it,” he added.
All eyes watched the Vulcan.
“OK, I changed my mind,” Steve said decisively, pointing at the exact same mountain Tony had indicated earlier.  “First one to the top gets a lollipop.”
Tony inclined his head.  “I try.”
They popped open the trunk, folded down some seats, and suddenly had a lounge space.  Thor still opted to sit on the ground, Clint beside him, sharing a large bag of popcorn.  They ate voraciously; by the time Bruce walked back into view, clutching three more bags to his chest, Clint and Thor had already finished the first one.
Still blinking the schmutz out of his eyes, Steve heard car doors clunk before he registered that the vehicle was no longer in motion.
Bruce still almost jumped out of his skin, quickly stepping back from a glass case full of—birds.
“When?” Steve asked.
They were halfway to the Gorn homeworld when Stovok finally broke his silence.
“Energizing in three . . . two . . . one.”
“Oh,” Bruce said with small joy, “I like this one.”
Then he noticed that they weren’t
Or maybe Nibiru was the same age as Earth but far more distant from its star, which could explain the ambient frigidity.  The white and red vegetation were both in spectrums designed to absorb more light and heat, and the population’s proximity to a volcano further indicated a heat-seeking lifestyle.  If that were the case, even with moons, it would take longer to slow down the rotational speed, yet give the appearance of a much younger planet.
He did not move when Steve finally joined him.  Wrapping both arms around Tony’s waist, Steve hugged him from behind.  Steve did not say where Actinium was.
Tony never responded.
What had felt almost flippant in Chicago was very real in Alaska.
Tony sighed, but he gestured for the sparklers and Natasha tossed the whole pack over.  “Save me one,” Clint said from the ground.  “I wanna eat it.  Like a fucking dragon.”
“Stark’s right,” Pierce said, his voice colder than a block of Arctic ice hauled straight from the source.  “I want
,” Tony insisted, turning on his heel and stalking back to his rock.
Sojef nodded in thanks.  “Your Commander.  It hearkens us to see that Starfleet has called upon Vulcans to serve in such high stations.  Their wisdom can only be of value.”
“No,” Steve said.  “Thank you.”
Lesser known facts about Juneau, acquired incidentally, while out on the trail:
Then Sojef laughed, a braying, huge, unexpected thing.  The others soon joined in, but Thor overpowered them, too, laughing buoyantly.  “Another!” he cheered, and the others joined in.
Whistling like he had not heard the question, Tony flipped open the wallet and began thumbing a stack of bills.
with you?”
Thor assured, “I will be gentle.”
because it was known, and it rested between them, a shared weight, an assumed burden.
If only he could look at New York with anything other than bitterness, Steve thought, grimly tailing the group.
Steve looked at the decapitated Stark standing outside the open car door, hands on his hips.  “I think he means, he wants coffee,” Steve judged.
“He’s right,” Tony chimed in immediately, sauntering around, turning over pebbles idly with his foot.  “I
. o .
Seeing that Steve did not, Thor trailed after them.
“. . . Right.  That must be it.”
“I resent that,” Tony muttered.
Instead, Tony twisted one direction, then the other, then blurted out, “That’s incredible.”
“I will expect a full report on the Nibiran contact,” Fury went on.  “Delivered as promptly as possible.  Damage control—”
He returned in less than an hour.  The TV was off and Steve had curled up on his side, facing the couch, heating pad still folded around his left arm, apparently asleep.  Guilt swamped Tony, so much so that he was tempted to do something stupid, like shake Steve awake and apologize for the mistreatment, and instead nearly killed himself on the Roomba.  Silently but ferociously, he picked up the robot, gave it an emphatic shake, and set it back down.  It puttered off, unhurt.
“My tricorder indicates the ambient temperature is three-hundred-and-ten-point-nine-three Kelvin,” Stovok replied.  “One hundred degrees Celsius,” he added, presumably for Tony’s benefit.
Steve shook his head in wonder.
A long march over a short hill brought him to a small lake, where Thor, Romanova, and Stovok had gathered.  Thor stood in the water, basking in the sun, looking both menacing and at peace, eyes shut.  Romanova and Stovok sat on the shore, legs extended before them.
With one last whoop, Clint launched himself into open water.
.”  He could not bring his voice above a sibilant whisper.  “I wish—”  His breath hitched.  It was not a sob.  He was bone dry.  His hand wrenched his shirt.  He wished to rip it off.  He wished to tear off his fake sternum, to claw out the pain rippling throughout him.
The Vulcan looked up from the ground he was tilling, blinking once in surprise at Tony.  Tony did not wait for him to catch up; he leaped, tackling the Vulcan in a hearty embrace.  “Holy shit, you’re alive!”
out of the blue, you would have no idea if I meant bread or—cheese,” Tony went on, evidently not plagued by the same quarrels, plucking a blueberry from the pile.  “Could be a lovely pinot, an exotic truffle.  Caviar.  All of the above.”
“They’ll leave,” Natasha offered, and Steve shook his head, already accepting his fate.
“You ever wonder about the others?”
Steve gave him a brief once-over, then said, “Neither of your legs are broken.”
Iron Man sighed.  “Best idea you’ve had all day.  And I’m pretty sure—”  He paused, briefly, as Steve clasped his metal hand, pulling him gingerly into a seated position.  “I’m pretty sure . . . we just saved the world,” Tony Stark finished.
“Guy’s got such an ego,” Tony sighed, as the Gorn righted itself and went stomping back towards the melee.  Tony dared to open the doors and saw nearly thirty Gorn all attempting to pummel Thor with closed fists, hissing softly and waving their claws in what appeared to be a very threatening display.  Thor roared back at them, lightly scratched up but completely undaunted.
Thor said assertively, “I hunger.  Let us procure a meal.”
“This is Cinnamon,” Linda went on, indicating the tan-colored alpaca beside her.  Tony had both arms wrapped around Cinnamon, hugging its neck.  “She’s five years old.  And a sweetie.”
had been “Prepare for nothing, hope for something.”  Sparks did not fly in predictable patterns.  All that really mattered was the ignition.  He loved the ignition.  The moment when jet fuel caught fire and launched him into free fall.
Tony dropped his forehead against the back of Steve’s shoulder and
, sure thing, Spandex,” and kissed him on the nose.  Steve scrunched it up.  “What?  This was part of the deal.  Twenty-four seven smooches.”
. o .
But when Gravemarker shook out his wings, Tony could only repeat out loud, “Marker?”
The decapitated suit returned with the heating pad.  Steve startled at the sight of it, like he had never seen a headless Iron Man before, and Tony thought,
” Tony demanded.
“Would you like to see it?” Steve asked.
“Nothing’s wrong with my bike,” Steve insisted, teetering on the edge of real anger.  Reeling himself in, he shook Tony’s hand off and said, “Thor—”
And Snow.
Steve scowled.  Natasha sidled over to him and informed him, “Could be worse.”
Stardate 2305.289.
“I don’t—”
He swallowed hard and opened his eyes.  The naked curiosity on Tony’s face was unexpected, and grounding.
Nodding, Tony said aloud, “Right.  Right.  Then it’s
Tony nodded, shifting one step closer, leaning into Steve’s shoulder.  “We do,” he said.  “We give them a good one.”
“I hate space,” Dr. Banner fretted emphatically, huddled in his seat, as tightly buckled as he could be.  “I’m not a
—and replied, “With my life.”
Tony also had terrible ideas.
“Uh-huh.  Sea, food, seafood,” Tony agreed skeptically, laying out the third shuffled deck.  “Don’t take it personally, I wouldn’t expect a fossil to—”  There was an unsubtle kicking-of-shins sound, followed by a wheeze from their resident comedian.  “I wouldn’t expect a fossil to get it,” Tony finished adamantly, glaring at Natasha.  “Final warning, one more time and I’m filing a compl—
“This place is
was the team activity they chose?  He knew Bruce had his ways of
There was a pause.  Then Natasha reached for the envelope, slid out the cards, and began turning them face-up on the table.
around—Steve picked up an egg and cracked it neatly into the bowl.
Holding up both hands in a
“Tony,
) cardigan.  Steve had no complaints about the light-colored shirt underneath it, but the blue jeans were ranchers’ attire, miners’ equipment, as out-of-place on the showroom floor as a bathrobe in a bank.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.
“You’re as subtle as a heart attack, sweetheart.”
“I know I got lucky,” Clint had said gruffly.  “I got out.  Had to put down three of my own guys that day.  Two dragons.  One bonded, one TNN.  I can still remember. . . .”  He had paused, as if to see if Tony had still been listening.  Tony could not have looked away if he had tried.  Clint had then made a slow-motion grab for his belt, pulling out an invisible arrow, and burying it in an unseen dragon eye.  He held his arm in that position for over a minute.  “The bonded I got from a distance, but the TNN—he bled all over me.”  Slowly, Clint had lowered his arm.  “I regretted it as soon as I did it.”
.”  For good measure, he tapped the tricorder on his hip.  “I’ll find you.  First, I have to find
For one second, time froze.
“Whatcha up to?” Steve asked them.
Tony approached without caution, unafraid of another bite or even a full-fledged attack.  Tellurium—
“Why aren’t you in yours?” Tony retorted, plucking at Stovok’s yellow-green tunic.  “What the hell is this?”
“Mark Twain?”
And that was when a spear appeared in his gut.
“That’s corny, Tony,” Steve complained, but he did sit beside him, drinking his own mug down in a few seconds.  “Anything else I can do for ya?”
“So I’m told,” Tony replied.  He clasped a violently shivering Bruce on the shoulder.  “What’s with you?”
“This,” Steve said seriously, grabbing Smokey on the way up and handing him back to Thor, “this is why we have reveille.  A
Tony shook his head spiritedly.  Steve offered, “Really, it’s not that bad.”
“You noticed it as well?”  Stovok sounded genuinely surprised.
“I wish to see,” Thor pronounced.  Steve put a restraining hand on his shoulder.  As a testament to their friendship, and not Steve’s strength alone, Thor waited.
The museum.
“You come here or you get lost,” Steve ground out, tired, sore, probable nearly as miserable of dealing with him as he was of dealing with Steve.
“Something-something-bears-something,” Clint replied, tugging on the line.  “Go fuck yourself, I’m fishing.”
Steve assessed the diagram for a long moment, then looked at Tony thoughtfully.  His gaze fell to Tony’s hand, and Tony looked at it, noticed it trembling.  He flexed it for a moment, working out the kinks, said stiffly, “If I was half my age, I’d do it myself.  At this point, I’m going to be the old hand who sponsors it.”  Suddenly annoyed, he scrapped the document, closed the program, and finished to the darkness, “Kids these days.  Where’s my goddamn dinosaur park?”  Tony stalked off, one hand twisting in his shirt automatically.
“Where’s Thor?” Tony asked instead.
Two, Juneau was very nearly a rainforest.
Time passed.  Tony endured two surgeries and dozens of hours of physical therapy, all in the hopes of making that coveted
we lose our Commander and Security Officer?” Tony asked, frowning.
“Think Fury will finally issue me a real uniform?” Tony mused.  Stovok looked at him in his all-black Starfleet outfit and frowned thoughtfully.  “I’d look good in Science blue.”
,” Clint declared, holding up a giant woven basket that had to have three hundred strawberries crammed into it, face already flushed with a sunburn.  “I’m going to get an award,” he decreed.
They were a lot more intense than Steve was expecting, bright, billowing, miniature lightning rods.  “Wow,” he said, holding the rod perfectly still as he stared into the flame, utterly riveted.  “There she goes.”  He waited until it burned out before dropping the rod.  “Neat.”
” Clint spat, tearing across the outfield towards the ball.  Bruce, who had been hovering around home plate, bolted away.
.”  Without ire, Tony told the cars’ occupants, “So,
What's next? It's a surprise. 🐼❤️ Don't worry, the gang will reunite! And thank you very much for the support; it really does mean the world!
Scowling, Steve said, “Pull over.”
“What’s there to bargain?”  Tony took another sip of his space juice, at precisely the wrong moment:
Tony hung up on him, too.
Thor laughed, breaking the tension.  He hopped down from his perch—Steve sighed with relief—and began mingling with the crowd, shaking hands, taking pictures.
“Nothin’,” Tony said, but he popped the car door open and stepped outside.  Steve followed.  It was still raining, but the headlights illuminated a clear set of overlapping tracks in the road.
At last, Thor said sonorously, “The Captain is wise.  I should be . . . above such provocation.”
Oh, look at that, a word.  If Tony had any doubt that Steve was drugged, his doubt was dissuaded then, the way the two syllables lingered heavy and thick,
“What the hell is—
, but:
.  This is a
Clint stepped around the car and used his foot to indicate one pair of tracks.  “Somebody’s been snooping.”
“I, too, wish to be on the Captain’s team,” Thor acknowledged.
. o .
“Godspeed.”
Steve gestured silently for them to come inside.
“Leaving already?” Natasha asked him.
“Charming,” Steve said, but his heart was warm, and Tony tsked.
Tony knew that Steve’s presence had to be a dream, but he still was not expecting the tidal wave of pain to greet him when he finally regained consciousness.
Lucky yelped and ran off to greet the newcomer.  Steve tossed Tony off his back, then turned to face Natasha.  “Tasha?”
The pain in Tony’s chest was undiminishing, but so was his love for Steve.
“You should leave,” Tony suggested, too inebriated to be having this particular conversation.  He could normally hold his liquor well, but medication amplified its effects.  “They’re not for sale,” he added.
out of—”
kick you out, farmboy,” Tony replied.
. o .
“You are not worthy,” chuckled Thor.
“Made you look,” Tony said, sounding very, very pleased with himself.
“Get down.”
“Not for long,” Steve agreed.
“I already miss you,” he told her honestly.
Anij laid a placating hand on his sleeve.  Tony did not miss it.
Maybe it was not all so bad, after all.
cave exploring.
“Here I thought you hated it,” Steve said dryly, frowning when Tony swiped the milkshake from him and took a gulp.  “You have your own.”
It was a testament to how muddled or simply frustrated Steve was that he looked down, lifted his hand, Tony still holding onto it, refusing to let him off easy.  It would have to be the hard way.
. o .
, mind you, might take. . . .”  He ticked off his fingers, then shook his head.  “I’m sorry, what were we talking about?  I just have this overwhelming feeling of, is this joy?  And both of you are frowning at me.”
From the depths of the underground cave, Clint Barton shouted, “That’s what she said!”
“Get out of the truck or so fucking help me,” Steve snapped.
. o .
, hey,” Steve warned, pinning Clint more firmly behind his arm as the two began scuffling in earnest.  “Pipe down or I will pull over.”
“Yes, sir.”
cookies—”
“Gentle-ladies?” Steve repeated, lowering the shield out of sheer confusion.  Tony squeezed his arm conciliatorily, then slipped out of reach.
,” before Peter Parker said in the wobbliest voice Tony had ever heard:
“I shouldn’t have done that,” Steve acknowledged.  When Tony said nothing, Steve went on, “I don’t mean to cause—trouble.”
As he sliced up some tomatoes, Steve could not help but think about how much it filled their home, despite how little they talked about it.  Maybe it was because Tony had always been the talkative one.
,” Tony snapped, his voice barely a whisper but a very heated whisper.
It was still terrifying, in a visceral, immediate way, to hear the words,
“It’s already eating at you, isn’t it?”
Gray smudges under the eyes, sweat-damp hair, night-of-the-living-dead pallor.  When Steve passed him the coffee, Steve honestly expected Tony would throw it back at him.  Then Tony took a sip of it.
Clint sighed.
hurts.  What’s up with that?”
“Hey, Doc.”  On a whim, he whistled once, loudly.  The Good Doctor jolted awake with a half-human, half-animal yowl.  “Hey,” Steve greeted fearlessly.  Bruce stayed human, rubbing his eyes.  “You mind grabbing the blanket?”
Steve tilted his head in a so-so nod, sipping at his coffee.
And then, just like that, Stovok shuffled into the sand and hauled him forcefully into the sunlight.  Tony squeezed his eyes shut against the light, even though he gasped with relief, nearly hugging the ground in gratitude.
“What is it with you people and terrorizing wildlife?”
Tony hummed, “They had jazz back then, right?”
8:32 P.M.
“I didn’t look,” Tony added.
, Steve.  And you aren’t even looking at it.”
before you woke up.”
was classified as a “pleasure planet.”
.  Tony shivered, compressed his own chest, a loose approximation of a hug.  He hated ghost stories.  “But you . . . you’re different,” Steve ground out.  A hand appeared over the back of the couch.  Tony pressed himself against the wall, alarmed, but Steve followed, leveraging himself up with clear effort, a silhouette, a rictus of discomfort.  “No one was there when you broke, were they, Tony?”
She sat at the curb behind the wheel of a brand-new,
Steve took it.  “Rogers,” he said briefly.
A different ache tugged at Steve’s chest, a bowstring-taut longing for something he had not pulled in a long little while.  For months, he had dreamed of being discharged, sent home, at last permitted to return to a semblance of a normal life.  It had never mattered, in the sanctuary of his subconscious, that
"). Natasha goes on to drive a
He dropped the wrist band.  It disappeared immediately into the chute.
It was easy—he simply ottered his way out of the tub, using towels to prop Tony’s head and shoulders up.  Steve could’ve done the job in six seconds if Tony had been wide awake.  He did it in less than a minute without disturbing Tony’s rest.
“See, only a dumb cuss would say that,” Tony said, looking back at him and laughing at his expression.  “Tell you what, you survived the Malört, I’ll buy you a real drink.”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed.  “It does.”  Tony hunched in a little, but Steve said, “And that’s when I come to you.  And them.  You bring me back home.”  Squeezing Tony’s hand gently, he added, “I’m sorry for making you wait.”
He probably would.
Hill swung around easily, leaning over the side of the bed and retrieving—
He passed Clint, who whooped after him.  He kept going, running until he felt hot-blooded instead of cold-, until he felt
Tony looked at the mother of dragons, who watched him intently, her snow-white jaws bloody from a fresh hunt.  Yet he felt no danger, nothing beyond the typical thrill of encountering a living dinosaur.
The staffers seemed torn between insisting he come down immediately and allowing the god to carry on, as Thor’s sonorous voice filled the marble hall.
“I been on planes,” Steve reminded.  “I even have a piloting record.”  Their pilot, who had very quickly put together that Tony Stark was, in fact, the real Tony Stark, offered him the sort of nervous,
Steve kept the pressure up a moment longer.
. o .
,” Bruce grumbled back.
. o .
Klingons answered the call of the wild.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know how to spell,” Tony dismissed, buckling back in so he did not tumble head over heel to the back of the ship.  “I simply choose not to.”
Tony loved space.  He loved the call of the void as much as the rest of them—the yearning to know and experience and
“C’mon.”  Steve tugged on Tony’s leg.  Tony hauled himself back up the bed.  Steve pulled him away from the headboard carefully, still using a one-handed grip.  “I’ll make coffee.”
Tony barked a laugh.  Radon the Second ducked back under the couch.
Steve looked pointedly around Tony’s shoulder, at Snow.  Then he looked at Tony, whose voice shook with anger as he said, “No, you fucking
It was too damn late to do anything else.
. o .
“No,” Steve agreed, shaking his own head as he read the placard.
“You have shown great courage, Captain,” Thor pronounced.  “You should make a fine addition to the . . . Warriors Four?”  He smiled to himself, a private jest.  “A name worth improving upon.”
Hugging the tree in both arms, Ol’ Pokey scooted up another foot.  Two more scoots, and Steve would be able to tap the bear on the nose.  Tony said frankly, “This is crazy.  Pepper is going to neuter me.  I’m literally in a tree, hiding from a bear.
“Are you hungry?” interjected the newcomer.  “We have food.”
“I’ve heard worse lies,” Natasha said.  He looked at her, her green eyes searching his own.  Then she offered him the keys.  “If you aren’t back in an hour, they’ll assume the worst,” she said.
Steve sat.
. o .
Maybe he would get better at conversing with people out of time.  Maybe not.
Shrugging, Tony said, “Oh, they’re long gone.  Halfway to Nebraska by now.”  At Steve’s unimpressed expression, he added, “C’mon,
.  “That’s
“It means, I can’t believe
“No,” Bruce insisted grimly.
. o .
Shaking his head vigorously, he startled when a nearby voice said, “That was quite beautiful.”
“This is a fever dream,” Tony said suddenly.  “It has to be.  I died, didn’t I?”  Then, groaning, he added, “There’s small talk in Hell.”
“It’s not hypocritical,” Steve said.  “It’s the truth.”
Tellurium just looked at him.  Then she looked at Rhodes.  Rhodes pointed at Tony.  Tellurium looked back at Tony.  Even though she was incapable of frowning, Tony swore she was frowning at him, with her black eyes and pointy horns.
Anij said, “You may speak freely.  We are familiar with travelers from the stars.  We were once interstellar, too.”
Slowly,
And he was so comforting to be near.
“No—no problem,” Peter said.  “Uh, don’t mention it.  Unless you want to.”  Belatedly: “Happy Birthday, Mr. America.”
“You suppose, Ensign?”
Thor beamed, smoothing a big paw of a hand over his own deep gray shirt, hair tied back in a string, like a sailor.  “You are most kind, Stark.”
He heard, at last, the damning sound.  The door handle turned.  A sob hitched in his chest.  He did not want to deal with monsters, not today, not now, not
. o .
Another long moment passed.  Then, restless, Tony picked up Steve’s hand and splayed it.  Steve let him.  He was used to the fascination, the detached interest in the flesh-and-blood machine.  At times, even
“No,” Steve said, hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder.  “You’re mine.”
Steve thought about it—
It was Tony’s turn to snort in amusement, saying, “Uh, yeah, I kind of know a lot of things,” before surreptitiously swiping another dough ball, whining when Steve said:
Just as the music began to swell with the opening credits, Tony returned, dragging a noisy little wagon behind him.  There were twelve bags of popcorn on it.  “Voila,” he said.
“Are you . . . crying?”
, he thought, remaining precisely where he was, curled up in his own comfy foxhole, still a bit dreary from his dip in the lake but otherwise unharmed.
fit,” and began mixing.
"Could use your help, buddy," Tony managed.
He sank right to the floor, unable to bear his own weight, hands digging into his hair.  He did not care that it hurt, that the position was difficult to breathe through.
Steve looked up.  His prolonged pause said,
sense, he thought, taking off.
The Avengers were very politely escorted out of the museum.
“What was his name?” Steve asked.
Steve’s face twisted into a brief scowl, annoyed at being mocked, before he smoothed it back over.  “Just follow the rope,” he instructed.  “It’ll take you right back outside.”
“Go?”
Tony was quiet for a time.  Listening to the reassuring cadence of Steve’s breath.  Sometimes, sharing a bed with a fellow monster was more comforting than frightening.  To know that he was vulnerable and would not be taken advantage of in his vulnerability.  That was a great gift.  “I do love you,” Tony assured, feeling ugly inside, like he was the monster, after all.  Pain made monsters of men.  “I love that you—”
He swallowed down the anguished cry that wanted to rise out of him, running both hands over his head.
. o .
“First one,” Steve said.  “Cat,” he clarified.
“I am under no circumstances driving you eight hours to S.H.I.E.L.D.’s front door,” Tony deadpanned.  “Take it or leave it.”
While Clint and Thor took the Mjolnir short-cut—the glacier was “the size of Manhattan,” according to the pilot, and therefore rather hard to miss—Natasha hopped into the front seat with the pilot while Steve, Bruce, and Tony piled into the back of the chopper.
Steve resisted the urge to cover his ears.  Clint seemed to enjoy it, bobbing his head to the beat—one of the beats, as there seemed to be at least twenty.  “This is
Stovok inclined his head in concession.  “Then an on-world flight platform will be necessitated.”
“C’mere,” Tony said, pulling him physically and metaphorically out of his thoughts, half-shoving him into the front seat of a low-lying
Tony stood up, grasped him by the face, and ordered, “
He skidded to a halt, but the whole damn tribe looked up at him, anyway, rows of black eyes in chalk-white faces.  Many had spears.  They surrounded the prone Vulcan, ghostly white and unmoving, like acolytes surrounding an altar.
Steve whirled to face him.  Looking sulky and unapproachable with bent head and muted clothing, Tony Stark leaned against a post and addressed him from below a broad-brimmed hat.  A lit cigarette hung from one hand, but it seemed distracted, a way of keeping other people away.
Class M planets were not rare.  But it was still exciting to get up close and personal with one.
Tony huffed, then crawled between the two front seats and twisted the dial.  “There,” he said, sitting back.  “Everybody loves Gregorian chants.”
“We’re their family,” Steve went on, ignoring the bait.  “We’re all they have.  Dragons don’t form groups.”
They descended slowly.  Commander Stovok said, “Are you well?”
“I don’t
“No.”
“Uh-uh,” Tony protested, his voice carrying much better without the noisy drone of the machine.  “You put that down.  You
favorite.”
Tony gawked.
Stovok just blinked at him, like it had not occurred to him.  “I could do this all day,” Stovok said, flexing his hand.  “Whether you wish to is another matter.”
“Captain Rogers.”
, before the Nibirans ahead suddenly turned around.  “They wish to turn back.”
“No,” Tony said at last, pushing himself to his feet with a great exertional huff, “you haven’t earned that.”
Tony signed no less than four t-shirts for Ice Cream Man, who had plans to share them with his buddies.
“Are you familiar with the Briar Patch, Mr. Stark?” Carter asked.
Yeah, Steve had forgotten how the movie ended.
The worst thing he could do was come up on Tony’s blind side, but he had no choice, with the hallway as narrow as it was.  “Over here, pal,” he added again, as Tony refused to turn his head, to look.  Sighing, Steve set the plate down, slid it on the floor until it just barely touched Tony’s left hand, and explained, “Sandwich.”
“No, you didn’t earn it,” Steve said, giving him the
“It’s very real,” Thor rumbled, speaking to no one.  “And I shall best it once again in combat, with Stark as my witness.”
by turning
Tony seethed, “
Thanks again, and enjoy!
Tony shooed them out of the dining hall and into a more private reception area in less than two blinks.  Happy ground out a string of expletives.  Tony checked the gun cartridge, rolled his eyes, and said tersely, “Well, it’s comforting to know you can walk through the front door with a loaded gun.”  He snapped the gun shut, then flicked a switch and tucked it in his belt.  “Who wants to go first?  Me?  O.K.  I’ll go first.”  He glared at Happy, then Steve, then shook his head.  “Happy, this is Steve Rogers, yes-
8:45 P.M.
“You’re not,” Steve said.  He honestly could not think of a more independent person.  “Tony.
, smile that he had gotten used to, albeit not from people who outranked him in their own profession.  “Never flown a chopper before,” he admitted.
Steve bristled, wishing he had stuck to his own devices, rather than sniffing around.  Always find things, the more you looked, he thought bitterly.  “Did you put a tracker on me?” he asked bluntly.
Steve let go of his quarry.  Clint jumped to his feet, swiped the ball from Bruce, jogged back towards home plate, not even winded.  “He’s the Blue Heeler of the spy world,” Tony informed him, sauntering over to the pow-wow.  “Pretty sure Fury hired him because he couldn’t pen him up.  Let’s mix it up.”  He then pointed meaningfully at first base, and Bruce scuttled off.  When Steve took a step towards third, Tony planted a hand on his chest to halt him, then pointed to the outfield.  “Get me the ball,” he said.
course
. o .
. o .
“Nay!” Thor trumpeted.  “Let them rejoice for their king!”
To his feet he got, uncertain, at first, a bit unsteady, weak.  But he rallied.
he wondered morbidly.  Shaking off the thought, he shook out his jacket and donned it.
“If it does, it’ll be an improvement,” Barton said dryly.
Steve scowled.  “You’re losing privileges,” he announced.
.  He’ll heal,” he told J.A.R.V.I.S., who stood passively nearby, judging him with the judgment of a thousand WEBMD articles on head trauma.  Hooking both arms around Steve’s available arm, Tony dragged him around the corner, then puffed, “Will you
“God,” Clint said, apparently impressed.  “Did you even taste it?”
“I have been told my voice is quite soothing for the sick,” Thor rumbled.
Then Thor set it back down.  “Not yet,” Thor said jovially, as the shaken but not hurt hog snuffled around the dirt, its companion utterly unfazed and chewing on Steve’s pant leg, anyway.  Steve chucked them both a few more apple slices, accidentally bopping the poor animal on the snout.  “An infant.  It would scarcely whet my appetite.”
He thought of the Minotaur.  He wondered if the Minotaur felt pain.
“FAH!” Thor scoffed, stalking over in his blue-gray armor.  The children shrieked and dispersed; the Hirogen tackled the Vulcan to the dirt, and the children, sensing no danger, reconverged, piling on top of the Hirogen in fits of giggles.  Seemingly unaware of his human cargo, Thor stood and began dragging Stovok by the foot back towards the ship.  Stovok actually rolled his eyes, but he did allow Thor to drag him off, perhaps on the grounds of peacekeeping.
“We have established that the Nibirans exist in a pocket dimension,” Tony pressed.  “Surely—”
Steve hugged the grass, taking a few moments to rejoice in being on
Iron Man’s expression never changed, but he did say,
I have not forgotten OMA or Growing Pains! But I wanted to have a little fun in the meantime.
gesture.
Natasha went on calmly, “I don’t think you’re unstable.  But. . . .”
“They are beyond help,” dismissed a third Councilwoman.  “Let the Federation eradicate them, once and for all.  This is the path they have chosen.”
, Steve thought, looking out over the waters of Lake Michigan, the great inland sea, nothing like the roaring Atlantic yet reputable in its own surreptitious way.
“Yeah, yeah.”  Steve replaced the landline, though he forgot to untangle the cord first.  Idiot.  Wonderful idiot.  His idiot.
It hurt so badly to be awake,
“Why now?” Steve prompted, needing to hear it.
“And the keys to the city?”
.  He had almost forgotten what
“Great,” Tony said.
“You’re human.”  At Stovok’s side-eye, Tony rolled his eyes and clarified, “We’re all genetic halves.  Half-human.  I am just two half-humans.”
At least Dr. Banner had
“You want a name?  I’ll give you a name.
Dr. Banner held up a hand, approached the hole in the ground, and stared down at it.  With a full-body shudder, he dropped first to his knees, then flattened himself onto his belly, chanting
After a long quiet interval, Steve turned and walked away.  Then he reconsidered.
“Well,” Tony said, pretending to count on his fingers.  “Are we or aren’t we counting Jimmy?  I promised him,
“Is he on a
?” Tony echoed out loud.  “We were gone for two days.”  He looked at Stovok expectantly.  Stovok did not look at him, eyes trained on Captain Carter’s Personal Access Display Device.  An unseemly frisson of jealousy flickered across Tony’s chest as he watched the two of them.  Vulcans never breached decorum—never elicited
Steve sighed.  “Bein’ a public nuisance, Tony,” he muttered, stepping into the elevator.  The hotel clerk gave him one last,
“Great,” Tony said, breath barely above a wheeze, holding in a much stronger reaction.
Steve cut him off after that, which was probably for the best.
Steve rested his left arm on the windowsill, smelling the rain ahead of them.  Bruce sat silently next to him, occasionally prodding his leg to get his attention.  Steve glared at him, then looked down at the little note he had.  YOU OK?
, Steve did not tell him, rolling his eyes and focusing on the rest of the Zoo, instead.
Steve’s chest tightened.  Tony went on: “Did it for you.  All of you.
He ran a hand through his hair.  His heart was pounding.  He could not begin to accept that the paradigmatic shift had occurred.
“Don’t tap the glass,” Steve scolded.
He thought about how some people thought God was the universe, everywhere, a spirit in small souls, and offered up cathedral thanks to the spirit of that God as he lingered in the open doorway for a long little while, rendered speechless with soft gratitude.
. o .
Tony insisted, “I could,” and carried on, punching more nails into the woodwork.
.  And it’s ugly.  And it’s yours.  You still want it?  It’s still your dream.”
“You say, here, tweety tweety tweeties.”  Turning pointedly to the crowd that had somehow grown to nearly twenty in the span of two short aisles, Tony added, “We have become a nation of furries.”
Then he heard footsteps approaching him.  He turned his head, saw the guiding light hovering over the head of the cloaked underling.  Only the King had a face; the rest were nameless, nobody.  “Why does Hell have a King, anyway?” Tony asked the underling philosophically, wondering if it was possible to make friends.
Marker opened one huge black eye to look at him, an almost hopeful hum abruptly silencing.  Tony set down Thallium.  She immediately tried to crawl back into Tony’s arms, both forepaws on his legs.  “No,” Tony told her, even as Marker stared at him, expression frozen in time, neither smile nor scowl, an unfriendly, friendly face.  A stranger.  For a delirious, heart-stopping moment, Tony thought,
. o .
Still.  It had been a nice thought.  Tony had good ideas.
Tony made a show of preemptively covering his ears.
According to Google, Brighton in the United Kingdom is the most "hipster" city in the world. Portland is number two.
, he was supposed to be in his lab, deep in thought or on the verge of sleep.  He would gladly have summoned Natasha to take care of business if she had not threatened to neuter him the next time he so much as texted her after midnight, and he would sooner adopt an Old World tarantula than give
He sat upright slowly.  Marker nudged him again, trying to help, and Tony inhaled sharply.  Finally,
“Equal partners,” Tony agreed for him, making an
“Now, listen to me,” Steve said suddenly, drawing all eyes, “we are just people, just people like you and your brother and everybody else you know.  We’re not different, we just got different jobs.  You remember that, all right, you remember that what you are doing is a service to mankind and it should be respected.  We are not better than you for kicking dirt on it.”
mournfully.  “I should have liked to have been
gently.  “
Natasha asked, “You never take a day off?”
“That’s baseball.”
Tony had thought about it, long after Clint had left him with the last of the flask.
Steve’s posture wilted.  Hunching over the handlebars, he gasped suddenly, an unexpected thing.  Alarmed at his own behavior, he strained to compose himself, stiffening his back so he did not crumple.  He had a strong feeling that, if he fell, he would not get up again.
Natasha flipped the deck again, cut cards.  “There’s no point,” Natasha said.
He had to choke back the same feeling of creeping terror as Tony Stark looked at him with the same wide eyes, as if he had been fatally shot without a mark on him, and then the glowing blue reactor went dark.
Growling, Thor said, “I will endure no further treachery!”
The nice thing about Natasha was, he could walk alongside her in silence and not feel strange about it.  There was so much mystery in her past that even chipping away at it was a hopeless endeavor.  What she gave was enough for him; what she gave was
immediately.  The Briar Patch provided a compelling reason to extend your service, but I am afraid there is no further work in the immediate future that requires your expertise.”  Almost apologetically, she added, “I had hoped a trip to the Briar Patch might . . . cool your appetite for spaceflight.  Naturally, you have demonstrated the opposite.”
” he repeated in French.
He closed his eyes.  He did not grieve.
“Relax,” Steve ordered sternly.  “
“Swell,” Steve said gratefully, holding out the box.  “You can keep that.  We don’t need it.”
fall backwards this time, hastening to give them space, but, honestly, Steve didn’t know what the big huff was.
Sighing, Steve scratched the back of his neck, then dropped his hand.  Inside, he could hear Tony arguing spiritedly with Clint, Bruce, and possibly Thor, simultaneously.
.  Besides: if Clint wanted to waste
“Coulson did have a bleeding heart for the old-fashioned,” Natasha agreed.  Tony snorted explosively at the pun; even Hulk looked over at him, as if he thought he might have hurt himself, before looking off into the distance again, pointedly ignoring them.  Natasha said, “It wouldn’t hurt to—”
Strangers who thought he was some sort of deranged version of themselves.
Steve did not have to push himself to keep up, but he did have to make an effort to keep Clint in sight, following him into a wooded area.  The rush of air and the exhilaration of being on the move with no end in sight unfurled a curled-up, anguished part of him that had wilted under the strain of waking up in the wrong year, learning all he had done had been for personal naught, and trying to survive.
Steve took a new approach, glaring stoically at the river far below.  Tony insisted, “He’s a
“Hrah!” Thor cried, hot on his heels.  In desperation, Clint chucked the ball again.  It landed inches from Bruce’s feet.  Bruce looked down at the tennis ball, then at Thor, and reversed course.
,” he told Tony, stepping forward and enveloping him, warmly and carefully, in an embrace.
Good guy, that Stark, Steve thought, wondering where the hell the fondness came from.  He liked his teammates.  They were not exactly the most stable people on Earth, but Thor was like a brother to him, and Clint was like a brother who thought juggling knives would be a fun hobby to learn.  They all had their places.  He felt better knowing where all of them were.
“And a vacuum,” J.A.R.V.I.S. reminded helpfully.
“Hi,” Steve repeated, not missing the way Bruce flinched.  “You up?”
Tony set Bruce down.  Bruce evaporated.  Tony returned to his own seat.  “How did they
worth of knives on the table.  “Which one do you need?”
“Smart
“I just meant—”
“The Nibirans are not classified as hostile, Doctor,” a calm voice said behind Tony.
Steve ignored him, licking his thumb again and trying to scrub off the marker print.  Tony caught his hand and insisted, “It’s for your own good.  You will lose all respect as a leader if you don’t make good on it.”
“Americans.”  At Steve’s sharp side-eye, Natasha added, “It just takes time.”
“It’s
Steve lost time tripping over a tree root, tumbling and rolling out of the fall in the same movement.  Ahead, a gaggle of horrified tourists watched Thor’s progress.
, and then, at Tony’s impatient suggestion,
“You can call it whatever you want, kid,” Steve huffed, sitting on the ground, legs stretched out in front of him.  “Just don’t ask me to sign it.”
“Something like,” Steve agreed.
,” Happy assured gruffly.
.  He did not envy Stone: Curie was a biter.
“I insist,” Tony said.
“Uh-huh,” Steve said, sounding lightly winded, which would have been hilarious, if all twelve sets of Tony’s ribs weren’t throbbing in unison.
But, no, he realized, as she made no move to direct him to a target, mouth twisting into a frown.  She was offering
Stroking a hand along the silk-smooth hood of another futuristic car, he thought about mentioning how nice it was that people still drove cars in the Twenty-Hundreds.  Had he speculated, he would have guessed that ground cars would have gone the way of the covered wagon, the horse-and-buggy.
Hulk thumped a fist on the ground, then stood up, wandered ape-like over to the car, and—to Steve’s horror—smashed a fist against the rooftop, concaving it.
“Tony?” he called.  Tony snored again.  Steve huffed.  The great Tony Stark—sleeping in a bathtub.  There was something wholesome about it, like—Steve shook his head at himself.  He knocked firmly on the wall.  Tony jerked, startling awake.  Just that easy, Steve thought, without a trace of guilt.  He remembered the joys of basic.  “Morning,” Steve greeted neutrally.  Tony gripped his shirt over his arc reactor, then looked at Steve, his expression morphing into a scowl.  “We’re leaving in half an hour.”
,” under his breath, and Steve could not let him go, he
“You speak of them in the past tense.”
Running on exactly one hour of shut-eye, Steve still did not absorb the meaning of Clint’s words for three seconds.  Then he flushed red, went through eight or nine immediate responses, and finally stormed over to Thor, sat down on the couch, and huffed out a wordless sound of annoyance.
As promised, the so-called “Playboy Mansion” was not far from the Viceroy hotel.
“I’m getting a vibe.”
” Tony shouted, before Steve performed a complicated one hand hold, one hand grab, covering Tony’s mouth so he would not wake everyone else.  “Dumb cuss.”
At 0300 hours, Steve Rogers prepared for a recorded television broadcast.
, everyone knew that Steve Rogers was a terrific fighter who could break every bone in his arm and grimly acquiesce to have it reset without a drop of anesthetic.  Steve Rogers was not nearly shattered by the simple offer of a metabolically dense cocktail that just might last long enough to numb the hurt.
.”  He nearly killed himself on the Roomba, jetting across the room.  He made the tackle from the back of the couch, grabbing Steve’s good arm and insisting, “Bad touch.
“The Academy does not require a physical presence,” Stovok went on.  “Although many prefer it.  For the . . . personal connection.  To one’s future allies and crew.”
“I’m instituting a new bedtime.  Nineteen-hundred-hours,” Steve grumbled.  “Take it or goddamn leave it.”
“How’d you put a tracker on Thor?”
Tony huffed, “Yes, they got rid of polio,” like Steve had asked if the sun still rose to the east.  Then he paused.  “I’m sorry, what
Steve looked away, denying an answer.
,” Steve shouted.  “Turn that off!”
“Heard he’s a bit of a douche, actually,” Dr. Banner said.
prohibited if your name contains less than two vowels.”
“Oh, it’s not personal,” Natasha said, tucking her arm through his.  He bristled, tempted to shake her off.  “But if you’d rather go home—”
,” Steve admitted.  “You gotta let go’a me.”
Howard.  He missed having somebody around who could be a scoundrel with him, not merely an on-the-books partner but somebody who could fly into enemy territory when the time came.  It was hard to reconcile the man he knew with the man Tony would not even speak of.
“Who said I can’t keep them?” Tony muttered.  “Pull off here,” Tony instructed, pointing at an upcoming branch in the road.  “We’re not hitting rush hour traffic, I’ve got a plan.”
“Hear what?” Bruce asked.
he pleaded, pulling at the grass on the other side, sobbing silently with relief.
Steve said patiently, “Okay.”
“What’s that?”
And Steve should, too.  It seemed kind of nice.
“You want dinosaurs to eat people.”
“Mendenhall?” he repeated, covering the fall with the word, glaring at Steve as Steve put a hand under his arm, pulled him back to his feet.
“Which one’s your favorite?” Tony asked suddenly.
Besides: Tony liked it.
“I would advise against it, Mr. Barton,” interrupted the radio.  “Seatbelts have—”
“What’s got you in a mood?” Steve asked, nudging him in the side.
“You think this is
Captain Panda
Steve turned to Bruce, who just said, “It’s warm.”  Then winced.  “I mean—”
Although the path was short, the walk back was long, but Steve did not rush it, and honestly, there was something to be said about a leisurely walk with one’s sweetheart.
“Sarahk.”  It had a soft sound.  “My father was a security officer.  Joseph Rogers.”
“No,” Clint replied.  “She’s in Ohio.”
It was a stupid plan, but it was a plan.
“See, that’s better,” Steve prompted, laying him down on the cushions, gentle with him, because Tony Stark had already fallen from the sky, and taken one hell of a beating from the helicarrier blades, and maybe, just once, Tony Stark deserved a little gentleness in his life.  Arranging the blankets around him, tucking them all the way down to metal feet, Steve prompted, “That’s better, right?”
”  Bruce landed face-first in the dirt.
bed.  “There is hardly room for six.”
“Mapping?” Steve repeated.
. o .
“Are you sure?” Barton asked gravely.  “You know the survival rate for Klingon hostages is less than six hours.  It’s been twelve since we left the
Turning to face Stovok, Tony remarked, “I’m feeling deeply patronized, aren’t you supposed to keep the peace?”
Defensively, Steve said, “There’s a lot to learn.”
Tony Stark gripped his chest in fright, then looked up and dropped his hand.  He scowled at Steve.  “Don’t
Tony actually got up to confirm it, glaring down at the hole at his feet.  He shrieked when a golden head popped up.  “What?” Steve asked.  “What’s the matter?  You change your mind?”
me?” Tony mused, sitting next to him at the outdoor bar.  He had worked out a brace that allowed him to sit comfortably for hours at a time—a remarkable improvement, given his restrictions to lying down or standing upright for months prior.  He felt almost normal again, able to do most things that he could do with a fancy car battery in his chest.  Jumping jacks were a no-go, but tinkering with his suits was back on the table.
“You risk it all for just one,” Steve mused, looking out at the water.  “Yet you lose so many.  I still don’t know what happened to. . . .”
“Yes,” Steve said simply.
“You should get one,” Clint advised.
“You’re welcome, Mr. Stark,” Jeanie replied.
Were these the distant relatives of an outpost colony, forsaken wanderers who learned to grow and thrive on a transparently young world?  Or were they the young inhabitants of a world that had been spinning as long as Earth, only just now emerging into their own?
Tony nudged his hip again with his own foot, then groaned and made a show of shuffling over, settling next to him with his ballcap still drawn low.  Steve kissed the top of his head, lips cool even through the cap, and then returned to his drink.  Tony swiped it from him, donating it to the sleeping Bruce fund, and said, “We can’t tell them.”
“Siku.  That’s cute.  What’s it mean?”
Tony rolled his eyes.  Clint chimed in, “Morning, chief.”
They followed the newcomer across the field, approaching a small village.  Allowing the newcomer to lead at a healthy distance, Tony walked alongside Stovok.
“Good boy,” he repeated, patting Marker on the face.  Marker just stared at him, clicking a few times in vague inquisition.  Tony could not answer him in a way he could understand.
“Ms. Carter,” Tony replied, and this time, Stovok said seriously:
Secure in the lower branches, he looked down and waited.  Without delay, Tony Stark appeared.  Unlike his distressingly futuristic peers, Tony looked refreshingly modern, wearing a nice pair of black slacks, a long-sleeve white shirt, and hang-on-a-second—
Drenched in a cold sweat, he hid in his private lair, willing his presence on Earth to go undetected.  He did not need to be found and put back together.  He needed to be left alone so he could
has agreed to take my place, temporarily.”
“I have a life outside S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Hill responded, dryly and all-too-familiarly.
“I’ve never been,” Tony explained, gesturing freely, as restless outwardly as Steve felt inwardly.  “They’re not that far from here.  I wanna see ‘em.”  He looked at Steve pointedly.
“Sorry; I don’t know what’s gotten into them,” the gentleman handler explained, sitting in a cloth chair by a tractor, one hand resting on Ezekiel’s head.
Barton sighed behind his helmet but returned to the ship as asked.  Thor nodded at their alien hosts, who were gazing at his pockmarked form in scarcely disguised wonder.
ruining his perfect monster cookies with
Slowly, terrified to his core, he crouched, looking at the upside-down Vulcan, who looked almost comical, peering back at him.  “Hello,” Tony greeted.
,” Tony said, flapping a hand in front of his face to create a nonexistent breeze.
Tony did not blame him.  He wished he could run away from himself, too.
,” somehow worming out of Steve’s grip and scrambling onto Steve’s back, both feet off the ground.  “Get the dog away,
.  In retaliation, Tony groused to J.A.R.V.I.S. to implement the no-hot-water protocol.
Instead, he breathed, “I want you to go away.”
With a sigh, Steve said, “All right.”
Steve swallowed, then leveled a considering look at Happy.  “I don’t wanna be your enemy,” he said simply.
He had no idea where to even buy a ticket.  The one security guard he talked to outside the building just told him, “Inside,” with an air of,
.  “Oh, well, if they’re
“You kept two of our own,” Tony accused.  “What, did you think we would forget about them?”
A group of
“We’re approaching the crossover,” Barton announced.  “Everybody got their zippers up?”
“No, of course not,” Tony dismissed.  “He’s a big boy.”
“Oh, yeah?”  Mouth half-full, Tony added, “S’that my new excuse now?  When you come calling, ‘I got caught up’?”
“Going, going,
Barium and Ferrum.
They were back in the car before Ashley Coleman hailed them, Jeremiah and Ezekiel in tow.  “I got it,” Steve assured, stepping out, not missing the way Tony relaxed.
The matte yellow car seemed fit for adventure.  If it had revved its engine and leaped off the platform, Steve would not have been surprised.  Even as Tony circled it, the car seemed to invite the scrutiny, daring him to find a flaw.
Desperate, he tapped the little insignia on his uniform, drawing the alien’s gaze.  “Starfleet,” he said.  “Star-Fleet.”
?  Yes.  He was free.
“Clearly, you haven’t read enough fairytales.”
“You want to see the country, don’t you?”
“Nay,” Thor agreed companionably, releasing him.  “It is merely the company which surprises me.”
“I have,” Steve insisted.
Looking briefly heavenward for support, Steve said, “Tony, God, she’s ambidextrous.”
Steve was grateful.  He felt awful stupid, sick and shivery, like he had narrowly avoided drowning.
No—Tony did not blame the dragon.
Steve thought,
Hulk groaned with impatience, thumping the ground with both closed fists.
“We will have to lure them out of the Briar Patch for negotiations,” Captain Carter said, sounding grim.  “Or manually overtake them.  Klingons are not known for trades.”
,” he added, at Thor’s beaming but blank expression.
“Never too early,” Tony said bracingly.  “Just stopping by to pick up Bruce.  Right, Bruce?” he called out, and Steve was surprised to see a sluggish but conscious Bruce shuffling barefoot across the floor, towards the kitchen.  “You’re a regular Amerigo Vespucci, aren’t you?”
.  All they could do was watch.  Helpless.  Horrified.
“Double agent, Clint,” Tony called, hiding behind Steve as Natasha looked meaningfully at them.  “Okay, big guy, you’re up,” Tony said, patting Steve on the back of the shoulders.
“Real life Vita—right, comic books are for nerds, vitalizing radiation.  A solar stimulant that enhances growth.  Theoretically—triggers cellular regenerates.”  Shaking his head in disbelief, he said, “Natalia, this is the discovery of a
The townhouse was quiet, even with the creaking door, the creaking floor, and the bristling edge of a temperamental wind—a storm was brewing in the city.  Steve liked storms about as much as the next guy who made a living waiting for the dawn to break, but at least Rico purred against his chest, already happy to be out of the box.  (“You’ll want this,” the clerk had explained.  Rico had yelled at him the whole walk home, but New York was such a city that hardly anybody looked twice at the guy with the yodeling box.)
