It was silent for a long moment. John could see Sherlock struggle with his words, opening and closing his mouth for a couple of times. When he finally spoke, his voice wasn’t much more than a whisper. “Because he was going to kill you.”
“Mr John? Mr Philip gave Charly’s group permission to work on their science project, so they aren’t here.”
A rush of shock went through John’s body. This could not be happening. He made sure everyone had counted and checked their students. Twice. How on earth could this be possible?
“I think we all hoped you would’ve made one more cut,” he said, looking around for support. Most of the teachers nodded in agreement; only Mike and Molly didn’t.
John sighed. “I got PTSD after I got back from Afghanistan.”
He sat in his usual spot at the table just behind the counter, with his back against it. Usually, he would sit on the other side of the table so he could overlook the café, but this time he didn’t. This time, he didn’t want to be seen, didn’t want to be found by anyone, and especially not by his flatmate. He knew it would only be a matter of time before Mrs. Hudson would betray him and tell John where to find him, but the longer he had, the better.
“So this is where the famous dr. John Watson works nowadays? How ordinary.”
The sound of the click of the door handle made them both jump, quickly letting go of each other’s’ hands and turned to the door.
“Because he told me, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock?”
There was another long pause. John watched how Sherlock tried to regain his composure. He closed his eyes again and took a couple of deep breaths. John didn't let go of Sherlock's knee, the warmth of his palm radiating through Sherlock's thin pyjama pants in hope to give him some comfort.
“I can’t do anything against his wishes,” John stammered.
Both John and Mycroft nodded in agreement. They knew it would take everything to get Sherlock to talk to a psychiatrist. John suddenly felt tired. How on earth were they going to manage that?
“I’ll schedule your parent-teacher conferences. Just this once dear, I’m not your personal assistant.”
With a sigh, John sat up and let his feet touch the cold floor. Now that he was awake properly, he couldn’t shake the angry feeling that was starting to creep up. He knew Sherlock always took his body for granted, but he had hoped that after being in the hospital for almost three weeks, he would be a little more cautious. The man knew better than to eat two bites and stay up all night, especially if he was demanding so much from his weakened body. But being back at Bakerstreet apparently also brought back old habits.
John suddenly seemed to realise Sherlock was staring at him and stepped back a little. “I uhm… I should go. Back inside, I mean. See you in a sec?”
“Oh, don’t worry, everything is fine,” Maggie said and gave John a small smile. “He wanted me to ask you something before we begin. He knew you would drop by beforehand so he asked me if I could come a little early.”
John tried to get his body under control and rose. He grabbed the towel that Greg had laid out for him and went to the adjoining bathroom with a little more difficulty then he anticipated. He turned on the tap, undressed, stepped under the warm jet, and closed his eyes. The water felt refreshing, cleansing. It was exactly what he needed after the rollercoaster of yesterday. After a long shower, h got dressed, brushed his teeth and walked towards the kitchen.
“Pity, we could’ve split the fee. Think I trough next time.” Sherlock grinned.
I get up with gusto and stick my head outside my office. “Donovan!” I yell.
Anderson’s face turned red. “You listen to me, okay,” he stammered. “whatever you’re trying to imply…”
An ominous feeling crept up as John looked at him, a feeling he knew all too well. “What’s going on, Mycroft?” he asked, his voice slightly hollow.
“Yes.”
“Dr Watson,” he started after a moment of consideration. “I think you ought to know he’s not himself right now. We don’t have many specifics on what happened to him, but it has changed him. I must warn you.”
John hurried to the sink and jerked the handle of the tap as hard as he could. The dripping stopped, and a horrible realisation hit him. A shiver went down his spine, and he felt a wave of nausea. During his work in Afghanistan, he had heard of an old torturing method where they slowly dripped water onto someone’s scalp or forehead for hours to get information out of them. It drove people insane in the end. Was this one of the things what had happened in Kosovo?
“Yes, thank you.” Sherlock sounded relieved.
The fact that John had previously seen Sherlock in the ICU didn't make it much easier this time. He was still taken a little aback. Despite his height, Sherlock looked quite small in the large hospital bed. The amount of equipment was considerable, and a fair number of tubes disappeared under Sherlock's duvet.
Mycroft looked at John. Of course, he knew. He wished he didn’t, though. The horrors his younger brother went through, gave even him an unsettling feeling. He wanted to spare the doctor that. Even though Mycroft knew he had seen his own horrors, he really thought it would be best for the doctor not to know.
Doctor Wilson didn’t reply. John was sure she was holding back a snappy comment. It seemed to take her every bit of willpower to keep her professional attitude. After a long moment, she continued. “So then, which method will it be then?”
“Hey Molly, not at all. What’s going on?”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson.”
“I need to text.”
The rest of the day went quite well, considering. Luckily the students didn’t notice much difference between this day and the better-prepared ones, but John was exhausted by the end of the day. He wondered if he should let Sherlock know that him not writing a note had caused a lot of stress, but he decided against it. After all, Everyone could forget it once or twice, right?
He let his gaze wander across the field and made a decision. He started to collect the stuff he had bought with him and walked back towards the school.
He immediately got a response.
“No need. I’ll find him myself.”
“Haven’t heard from you in a while. What brings you here?”
“That’s not what people normally say.”
John felt a wave of anger flowing through his body. He had thought that after his panic attack last night Sherlock realised that it was best for him to cooperate, but now everything started from start to finish again. Today would be his first EMDR treatment, but to John's great frustration, Sherlock had taken matters into his own hands and cancelled it.
John immediately came into action and pressed the alarm button. Within seconds, a nurse came into the room. She saw what was wrong and acted quickly. She walked out of the room, came back with an injection and put it into Sherlock’s IV. It took only a couple of minutes before Sherlock relaxed slightly.
Mycroft tried to suppress a yawn. ”I’ve scheduled an appointment with doctor Wilson at 11:00. I’d suggest we use the 2 hours we have to eat something and fresh up a bit.”
“That’s not going to be easy, considering he’s ignoring my texts and calls.”
“I can see that. Why do you have them?”
“But why? I thought we were becoming friends, that everything was going well.”
Sherlock huffed. “I’m all cleared.”
“I know I didn’t.”
I look at Sherlock questioningly; that doesn’t even sound like the address he gave the driver. Sherlock simply shrugs and tries to hide his smirk. I start to giggle, and before we know, we are laughing like boys.
Mycroft decided he had to sit down for this and took a seat next to John. “Last time he detoxed with Methadone,” he stated.
“Are you all right? You are quiet.”
A moment passed. John couldn’t believe what he just heard. How on earth had Sherlock done this? He saw Sherlock look away shyly. “Amazing,” John breathed.
John chuckled. Even though she could be incredibly annoying, he couldn’t be mad at his sister. Not for long, at least. “Ta, Harry. It’s okay.”
“Why do you need my phone?”
“John, please.”
“Well, I need to find a job first. Can’t afford London on just my savings.”
Without the distraction he could give his himself, it was only a matter of time, and on the fifth day of John’s holiday, Sherlock’s mind began to spin with the impact of it all. He played the scene over and over again in his mind palace; John entering the pool with the bomb vest on, the brief moment of panic when it looked like John was Moriarty, the appearance of the little red dot right across John’s heart. That particular moment stayed lingering in his mind palace for a long time, and Sherlock couldn’t figure out why. After hours of pondering on that moment, the scene continued; the conversation he had with Moriarty, handing him the USB stick in the hope it would get them out of this situation. John, who took his chance and grabbed the man to save Sherlock’s live was another memory that took a long time to process and somewhere along the way, he started to notice a pattern.
So here he was, after more than two years, at a table in the middle of the café. He sat with his face towards the door, his body tensed, jaw set, his look stern, and waited for the detective to arrive. John had to admit, he hadn’t expected that Sherlock would agree to his invitation, but apparently, the man had learned a thing or two during his time away and knew that he owed John at least this much.
Mycroft let out a sigh. “I didn’t think otherwise.”
John started to get an ominous feeling. How did this man know these things? “Who are you?”
My throat suddenly feels very dry, and I’m unable to look away. The suit hugs him in all the right places, and the off-white of his shirt accentuates his golden skin tone, making him look years younger.
The 5thand 6thyears had loved it. They didn’t want to quit the lesson and practically begged to do it again if the weather would allow it.
“Oh, shut up.”
I hope everyone's doing okay! Stay safe!
John decided now wasn’t the time to ask what was wrong. He walked up to him, placed a gentle hand on his and took the photo out of Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock looked up at him, a hint of panic clearly visible in his pale blue eyes. “Come on,” John whispered.
For a moment, John hesitated. He suddenly didn’t want to leave Sherlock behind. He felt the urge to stay by his side to make sure everything was going to be okay, that Sherlock would be okay. But he knew he had to continue. “I, uhm… I got to-”
Mrs Hudson nodded and sat up a little straighter. John took his cup of tea with both hands looked down at it for a moment, trying to find the right words. “Mary and I got a divorce a couple of months ago. I was a mess, couldn’t deal with everything that was going on. So we decided it was best for both of us to go separate ways. Rosie is staying with Mary.” John paused for a moment, looked up at her and saw the shock on her face. After a moment, the shock turned into compassion for him.
“No problem, dear.” Mrs Hudson looked away from John and took a pile of papers from her desk. She held out the documents through the window. “Mr Lestrade asked me to hand you these. It’s your contract. You can read and sign it at home and give it back to him when you have your next appointment.”
“No, I’m not asking to…” John said, feeling awkward. “I was just saying; it’s all fine.”
John’s patience started to run thin. “Why?” he asked again.
The only thing that bothered him during the weekend was the fact that he hadn’t heard from Sherlock at all. He had sent Sherlock a text Saturday morning to say he had enjoyed the previous evening at the bar, but he never got an answer. At first, it didn’t bother him that much; it had become pretty late, so maybe he was still asleep. But on Sunday he couldn’t help himself but feel a little disappointed. He had a great time that Friday night, and he thought Sherlock had enjoyed himself as well, despite the talk they had in the back alley of the bar. He was even sure Sherlock had tried to flirt with him and that he had picked up on John flirting with him as well. So why didn’t Sherlock text him back?
Before he tried to pick the girl up, he looked around the classroom, searching for something. If the situation on the ground floor had changed and the fire would’ve spread, he would want to prevent that Alice would inhale smoke. He could protect her from the fire shielding her, but he needed some fabric he could use as a mask.
Sherlock gave a small nod, and John swore that could kiss Patrick for his suggestion. The man probably really was the best.
John’s head snapped back at the man’s direction. It took him a second to register he was talking to him again. He furrowed his brow and looked at Mike suspiciously, who was ignoring John entirely by now. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Would you like to start with the summery-exercise we’ve been doing the last few sessions? See how far we can get?”
John snapped his mouth shut, realising what he had said. He was okay with Sherlock knowing, especially after his own confession. But he hadn’t intended to tell him so soon or to tell him like this.
“You are upset,” he started once they were both inside the apartment.
John immediately looked up from his phone. “What? Why? Are you feeling okay?” he asked with a hint of panic in his voice.
But John didn’t care. He pushed the doctor aside, entered the room and stood by the bed. He looked at Sherlock’s face, which was extremely pale. His eyes were shut tight. John heard someone calling his name, but he didn’t respond. He tried to block out the people and the voices in the room. His focus was now entirely on Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered shortly and continued to stare out of the window in hope to avoid a conversation. The last thing he needed was a lecture from John. He knew John didn’t agree to this in the first place. Maybe he was right.
“You do if you want to keep your job,” Lestrade said. John knew from the look on his face that he was trying to stay as calm as possible. For a moment, John thought about interrupting their argument. But he didn’t know what to say.
“Did you have contact with other departments? Other police stations? Maybe they received threats as well?” John tried.
John shook his head. “You didn’t put me into anything. I chose to be here.”
Although I'm struggling a bit with fic... It would really help to hear something from you guys so I can find some new motivation!
“Thank you,” John answered and walked away.
“I don’t see what it could be, though,” Lestrade tried while he handed Sherlock the folders and looked around. “It was only three cases, all minor offences. There isn’t a connection between- Sherlock, what are those?”
John really tried to join the conversation, but he was distracted. He knew it would be better not to get his hopes up, but he couldn’t help it. He caught himself checking the door every time someone entered the pub. He had the urge to check his phone to see if Sherlock had texted, but he fought it. Instead, he silently drank his beer and pretended to listen to a story about one of Molly’s new students.
Sherlock listened if there was some new information, but there was nothing he hadn’t deduced already. Without really noticing, he glanced towards the entrance, something he had been doing since John went inside every couple of seconds.  But this time, his eyes lingered on something. It took him less than a second to realise that was he saw. There was movement at the entrance.
OH MY GOD! This chapter took me FOREVER to finish. I don't know why, but it took me nearly 4 weeks... I'm so sorry for the delay, this was not what I intended!
John knew he had to be the bigger person here. He knew Sherlock was traumatised and that he was going through detoxification, making everything even harder for him than it already was. But he just couldn’t bring himself to it, not when Sherlock was acting like a five-year-old. “I’ll go talk to Mycroft, then.”
John cleared his throat and tried to sound as composed as he could be. "Okay. Let's get you out of this bed so we can go home."
“The engraving?”
From the moment the first student arrived, there was no time to be nervous anymore. John greeted each student individually, making sure to take the time for a proper introduction. After a handshake and a warm smile, John pointed everyone to their new place in the classroom.
This time, Sherlock didn’t reply and John wondered for a moment if he had gone a bit too far. He quickly made work of his next text.
In the last 72 hours, he had returned to London to see his best friend again, who was supposedly dead and had to see him giving up. He had read Sherlock’s farewell letter to him, of which he had absolutely no idea. The words of it had touched him deeply and had triggered some very new and raw emotions, of which John didn’t even know he had. He then had to rush back to the hospital to make a decision on which Sherlock’s life had depended on. He had to sit there for hours and wait for setback after setback, in the hope that he had made the right decisions and that Sherlock would survive everything. And he almost didn’t.
After another large gulp of whiskey, John had gathered enough courage and started to read:
After a moment, the sound of footsteps came near, and he heard a key scraping the lock. The door opened, and Mrs Hudson looked at John with big eyes.
“It could be.”
Finally, I fall on my knees and linger at the waistband of his trousers. I allow myself to glance up, so I’m able to memorize him like this, panting and wholly undone already. Then, I let my hands roam over one of the most intimate places of his body.
Sherlock looked up from his hands. “It really isn’t, John.”
“it’s not that, Sherlock. It’s that I understand,” John said and waited a moment for Sherlock to look up at him. “God, I understand only too well.”
Suddenly more memories from yesterday came to the surface. John felt panic engulfing him while Sherlock's words surfaced in his mind.
After a brief warming up, Sherlock called attention again. He nodded to Norah, who started to play the intro of Viva la Vida. Soon, the whole room filled with voices, and John’s mouth fell open. He knew Sherlock would be able to pull off something nice with the students, but this was beyond expectation. The song sounded absolutely great. The harmonies were beautiful, and the arrangement was surprising. But more important than that was the fact that every student really seemed to enjoy himself. This took a lot of practice, a lot of work and a lot of dedication to pull this off.
John stared at the text. He knew what Sherlock was implying, but he decided it would be fun to tease him a little since he didn’t ask anything.
Molly nodded in answer. “Yeah, but I wished I got accepted at St. Mary’s. I loved their study program and their extra subjects.”
“No. Try all you want, But I’m going to fill in for somebody else because someone neglected to get his flu shot.”
“I can’t believe this,” Lestrade exclaimed and Sherlock’s attention snapped back at him. “In all those years working with you, I thought you would have learned by now that there are some lines you simply cannot cross. Stealing photos from a crime scene… I thought you’d learned!
Looking at the building, Sherlock quickly calculated the risks. The fire was at the old part of the building, which meant John could go up to save. But the fire would spread quickly so it would block their way down once he would get hold of the students. He needed to get another way down, but that would mean he would jump out of the window, which he wouldn’t do with the students. So Sherlock could only conclude John would try to get past the fire, but that would only work if he somehow managed to block it or put it out. He probably didn’t know where the fire extinguishers hang because he was new, so the odds of putting some of the fire out weren’t high.
“Who’s the first?”
That was why he now stood on the doorstep house that was far too familiar. It felt strange to be back at 221B Baker Street. It took him a while before he dared to take the handle and knock at the door.
“Then give me one good reason why you couldn’t!”
John froze mid-movement and felt a slight blush creep up his cheeks. He felt a little embarrassed. He was perfectly aware of the side-effects of EMDR. He was a doctor! "Sorry," he mumbled and slid back in his chair.
Greg returned to his newspaper, but John could see he wasn’t reading. He was waiting for John to start the conversation.
“Are you in for some playing cupid?”
Sherlock glanced sideways again and let his gaze slide down to the quick swipe of John’s thumbs. Suddenly, he realized he had seen this particular scene before over the last few days. He had caught John texting multiple times, almost always caught up in some heated discussion. On occasion, Sherlock had wanted to ask who John was talking to. But every time he almost did, he averted.
There was no sign of smoke or fire in the hall so John walked towards the staircase. Once he opened the door, he knew he was too late. The smell of smoke ran up his nose and he had to do his best to avoid coughing. His instinct told him to go back, to search for another way to get out. But he knew that he would not find it. The only way out was by going down.
“We’re complete,” Sherlock said at once. John glanced over the group of kids and came to the same conclusion. He gave the kids a reassuring smile before he turned to continue to year five, but Sherlock stopped him. “Is everything all right?”
“Please! You mean last week?”
Sherlock struggled for a moment, and John wondered if it was because he didn’t want to tell John the truth, or if he couldn’t.  Eventually, the detective seemed to decide that it would be best to come clean and gave John a firm nod. “Ask.”
“What’s this?”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He just gave John a questioning look. John glanced at the window and nodded slightly.
It took five more minutes before the cab arrived at the apartment of Tom Brandon. With a little difficulty, Sherlock stepped out and walked up to the main entrance of the building and waited for John to enter as well. Together, they walked to the elevator and took it up to the third floor.
For a second, John thought about waking Sherlock up so he could get some more sleep in a proper bed, but he decided against it. He reached for the blanket that lay over the armrest and pulled it over Sherlock’s sleeping form. John’s hand stayed on the man’s shoulder for a moment, and he had to fight the urge to run his hand through the thick, dark curls.
He didn’t get a reply. When John looked one last time, the class was more than 15 minutes late. This wasn’t because of some delay at the school. He took his phone and looked at the message he had sent. Sherlock hadn’t read his message, which didn’t surprise him. For a moment, John wondered if he should call instead, but he knew Sherlock probably had left his phone in the pocket of his coat like he always did. John sighed and ran his hand through his hair. This was the second time Sherlock had done something out of character. What on earth was going on?
“I’m not sure that would’ve gone well,” John chuckled and looked at his watch. “Listen, we should go, I don’t want you to have to hurry once you get to the station.”
“I thought you said he wasn’t taken from here?” Lestrade asked.
“Thank you.” With that, John turned around and walked away as he tried to ignore the feeling that he was leaving his friend behind.
“Mike, stop it,” John warned him.
“You’ve, uhm… you got some-“ stammer and gesture to the corner of my mouth. He mirrors me and tries to wipe the crumbs of cereal away, but misses.
“Good, that’s good,” John smiled. “Because I don’t care, Sherlock. I don’t care If you don’t know how to do this, or if you don’t have much experience. I’m sure we’ll figure it out. And for what it’s worth, you are the first man who I’m taking on an actual date. So that makes us quite even, don’t you think?”
Mike walked towards the desk and put the mug of coffee on it. His eyes lingered on something. “Sherlock wrote you a note?” he asked.
Mike grinned at him. “And how’s working with Sherlock going? You two haven’t fought each other out of the classroom yet?”
Monday came way too soon. For the first time in weeks, John had some time to relax during the weekend. He did some chores and groceries on Saturday and took the time to prepare himself for the upcoming week. The weather on Sunday was really nice, so he had decided to go for a walk and had cooked a decent meal for himself.
“Good, that’s good.”
"Thanks."
“How do you know?”
“What, from all four of them?” Lestrade asked in disbelief.
Lowering his menu, Sherlock took a deep, shaky breath and started speaking “I thought you changed your mind.”
John was the first one who broke the spell between them and stepped back a little, knowing that if he didn’t, he would make a mistake. He tried to compose himself as he straightened into military position, steadying himself.
"Good. Now go," John ordered. He turned to sit back in his chair and saw Mycroft nodding approvingly.
“Hmm?”
Mycroft waited for John by the large window of Sherlock’s room. When John approached, he saw that Mycroft’s nose had become blue and swollen overnight. That must’ve hurt.
“Oh, that’s perfect! My partner bailed, but I’m supposed to participate in the dance marathon the next hour. I'm sure you still can do the quickstep!” Donovan smiles and grabs John’s arm. “You don’t mind if I borrow him for a bit, right?”
“No, absolutely not! John answered quickly. “But I can’t come up with anything else.”
John added it to the list of facts in his head and went through them again: ‘
“Open it.”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate and gave a small nod. He needed to feel John needed to make sure nothing had happened to him. There was a soft rustling on the floor, and Sherlock heard John shift closer. He wanted to place his hand on Sherlock’s knee, but Sherlock didn’t give him a chance. He let himself fall forward against John’s shoulder, into his strong arms which wrapped around him immediately.
After a long moment, John cleared his throat and looked away. “It’s past lunchtime already,” he said, trying to sound casual. He looked at his watch and stood up. “Do you want to go to the teachers’ room and eat something?”
“Good luck with that,” Philip Anderson muttered. Lestrade shot him a look and continued.
John also started to feel nervous. He was sure that no one in his right mind would ignore Mycroft's request, not if it were absolutely necessary. He began tapping his fingers against the armrest.
"I said no."
Philip glowers at Sherlock. “It’s the first day of the new year. I don’t want it to be contaminated by your presence. We clear on that?”
The statement made Sherlock look up, and he was surprised to see that John’s expression wasn’t one filled with disapproval or envy, but with warmth and affection. There was something the detective couldn’t quite place, too. He felt his cheeks redden slightly under John’s gaze, but even if he wanted to, he wouldn’t be able to look away.
Sherlock eyed him. “How many times are you going to ask me that same question tonight, John?”
Please, let me know your thoughts!
John felt something clench his stomach. This was not the kind of case Sherlock could be handling right now. He raised himself from his chair and stood up straight, hoping to catch Lestrade’s attention to signal this wasn’t a good idea, but he didn’t have much luck. John swallowed. “What reasons?”
The willingness to give a lot of time and energy to something because it is important.
“Here.”
Mycroft shook his head and looked at John for the first time since he arrived next to him. “I don’t think Sherlock will forgive himself if he’d hurt you while being in a psychotic state. That, and he doesn’t know you are here. The stress it could cause will likely be too much for his body right now.”
“Can I help you?” a dark woman with big, curly hair asked right away when she saw John entering.
Doctor Wilson sniffed. "I apologize, Mr. Holmes. We were busy saving your brother's life," she said sarcastically.
“Where is he?” John asked. He tried to keep his voice as steady as possible, but still, there was a small quiver in his voice.
John looked through the window. Sherlock was facing him, his eyes closed. This was the first time that John could take a good look at his face. He had become thin, dark circles under his eyes. His left orbital rim was stitched up, showing an impressive dark blue and purple bruise. His face was hard, tense. He was shivering and small drops of sweat formed on his forehead where his black curls got stuck.
John sighed and backed away a little. “Look,” he began. “I don’t want to get you into trouble or anything. I want to work with you and be your friend if you let me. But last week was… It has been…” he searched for the right words, but Sherlock interrupted him.
John’s face grew more serious. “Do you want me to be there? I could wait outside the room instead of going to the café?”
Kyle’s voice made Sherlock snap out of his thoughts. He looked at the boy, fear written all over his face. “Of course,” he said quietly, trying to hide the slight quiver in his voice. “Listen, you two were very brave today. They will probably want to check if you are okay once the ambulances are here, just to be sure.” Sherlock waited for Charly and Kyle to nod and gave them a small smile. “I’m sure Mr John will do his very best to make sure Alice is going to be fine. Come on, let’s find Mr Philip so he can call your parents, yeah?”
It’s still early, not even seven, but some military habits never die. I don’t mind; it gives me time to cherish this moment. I turn on my side to look at your sleeping form. The street lantern and the beginnings of the morning are shining through the curtains, illuminating your features. They give you a mystical look, with your dark hair against the white sheets and your pale skin that almost looks translucent in this light.
“Didn’t you hear me? Go!”
With that, Sherlock finally registered John properly. He let his eyes roam over his face, as a rush of relief overtook him. John was here, alive and well.
“That was just because…”
A wave of nausea engulfed John. The injuries made it clear that Sherlock had been abused, and who knew for how long? Maybe for weeks, or even months…
Mike looked at him for a moment, still with the same smile on his face. “Say, I won't have to work until later. What kind of coffee do you want? My treat."
His eyes even lingered at the violin. The pain and sorrow he had felt for so long had given way wistfulness.
The last group of the day was his own 4thgraders and John couldn’t help it but looking forward to playing some ball with them. He looked at his watch.  Sherlock would arrive at the fields with their class any minute now. John wondered if Sherlock would go back to school or if he would stay and watch. A rush of excitement ran through John. He really would like Sherlock to stay so he could see what John was capable of during the P.E lessons. Maybe he could convince him to stay, just like Sherlock and the students had done with the music lesson a couple of weeks ago.
It takes Sherlock some time to wrap his mind around what I just said. “How would you know?” he asks, his voice uncharacteristically small.
Mycroft was the one who decided this time. "He's stable for now?" he asked. The resident nodded in answer. "Then, we would like to stick to the original plan."
With a sigh, Sherlock sat back against his seat and resumed glancing out the window. He knew that if he asked John what was wrong, he would tell Sherlock that it was nothing and would wave it away. And if Sherlock was honest with himself, he also knew why John avoided him. Because the reason for him to feel like this would revolve around him.
It was barely a whisper, but Sherlock’s voice cut through John’s heart like a knife. He just couldn’t stand it any longer. He pulled Sherlock to him and closed his arms around him. He held him tight, letting Sherlock's head rest against his chest. He felt how Sherlock began to shiver under his touch.
I just couldn't wait to post this! <3
“With me.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GgMlUa5Zx0
John didn’t understand. What was Mycroft talking about?
“Of course!” the waitress answered. She took a few steps towards the counter, grabbed two menus of it, walked back to the table and handed Sherlock the menus. “There you go. Just let me know when you made a decision!”
Whoops, a day too late. That means: one extra chapter later tonight!
John looked at his watch again. They were late. He walked to the path that led to the school so he could see his class approaching, but he saw no one. That was strange. John was sure he had written down the proper time and instructions. Otherwise, the other classes would’ve been late as well. He decided to send a text, just to make sure everything was ok and that Sherlock was on his way whit the class.
The car stopped with a jolt, and John stepped out of it immediately, slamming the door shut with a loud bang. He opened the door of 221B, walked up the stairs at a fast pace and entered the apartment. Sherlock couldn’t do anything else than to follow reluctantly.
“Not really?” John stammers. “I mean, I followed some ballroom dancing classes, but that was a long, long time ago.”
John cut him off. "Do you even know his name?"
“You are the one who’s jeopardising our regular curriculum right now! Not to mention, being an awful colleague as well.”
For a brief moment, John wondered if he hadn’t heard anything if he didn’t notice the glares. But when he glanced over at Sherlock, he saw him close his eyes briefly and swallow before entering Lestrade’s office, and John’s heart sank. Not only had he heard, but it also hurt him.
John typed a quick response and put his phone away. He took the large mug of coffee in both of his hands to warm up a bit and looked outside the large window. The café across the hospital was where he spent most of the long moments waiting for Sherlock to finish his therapy sessions. It gave him time to think.
He had wanted to contact John so many times he lost count. He had typed numerous texts, which he deleted every time, and had been hovering over the call button for mere hours. But every time he wanted to call, he couldn’t bring himself to it. Not after his almost-love-declaration. What could someone possibly say after that?
John looked around but didn't recognise anyone. He looked over his shoulder, but there was no one he knew behind him.
But in reality, Sherlock Holmes was starting to fall for John Watson. Hard. He just didn’t want to admit it, not to John, and not to himself.
Another immediate answer. "Yes."
Lestrade interrupted Sherlock. “I think this is exactly what we need. This is the way to up our game, to distinguish us from other schools. And besides, the results of your class are much better than last year.”
“Same difference.”
This startled John a bit. “Yes,” He said fiercely, but continued right after.  “No… I don’t know.” He let out a frustrated sigh and sat down in the chair.
“I trust you.”
John watched him walk away and decided to get back into Sherlock’s room. He sat down in the uncomfortable chair again and continued to look at Sherlock.
“John, are you okay?”
“Could you come in for a sec?”
“Hello John,” Sherlock said in his low baritone, unable to meet John’s eye. He felt his nerves spike.
John turned on his side to look at his alarm. 5.47 AM. There was no point in trying to get back to sleep now. He got up, walked to the bathroom, and turned on the tap of the shower. After a minute of waiting for the water to warm up, he stepped out of his pajama pants and under the hot shower, letting the water calm his nerves a bit.
Second: I'm not familiar with the English school system, so while I try to look up as much as possible, there will be influences from the Dutch school system as well (as I am a dutchie :) )
John was startled for a moment. He wasn’t surprised by the fact that Sherlock knew his address, but why was he here? His first thought was that Sherlock wanted to continue the discussing and bickering, but when he looked at the man, he noticed his body language. This wasn’t someone who was here to fight. This was someone in need of his company.
John closed his jacked and huffed. “Of course, I’m coming with you. I always do.”
Yay for another chapter! And a big one at that! :D
“I have an appointment downtown, so I’ll be gone for an hour or two. You better be sound asleep when I get back.”
It's a Monday afternoon in October, a typical Monday. It has been drizzling all day, flu season has started, and when I leave work, there seems to be a delay on the metro line I usually take, so I'm obligated to take a detour. But all of that doesn't matter. A little over seven months ago, I would be in a foul mood after a day like this.
There was no response. John knew that Sherlock knew this wasn’t up for debate, and he was glad he didn’t try. Sherlock was visibly taken aback by his words and was just blinking at John. After a long moment, he spoke.
Now, John stood at the platform and watched how Harry’s train left the station. He still had twenty minutes before he should find a cab and go towards Sherlock, so he decided to get a quick cup of coffee at the nearest coffee shop.
This took John by surprise. Not only because he didn’t expect the question, but also because he no longer felt the anger that was usually reserved for he thought about forgiving Sherlock. “I think I already did,” he answered and gave the detective a small, tentative smile. “But it’s a lot, and you’ve got to give me some space to sort all of this out. So please, Sherlock, don’t reach out to me. I promise I will contact you when I can, but please, don’t push me. Not now.”
When he heard the bell rang and someone entered the café, Sherlock knew John had found him. “Here you are!” the doctor exclaimed when he approached Sherlock. He didn’t wait for an invitation and sat down opposite the detective. “You know, it would’ve been nice to come home to some company, instead of an empty flat.”
The resident looked utterly frightened when he stormed out of the waiting room, but John couldn't care less. He turned and looked up at Mycroft, who was smirking.
Mycroft looked a little surprised and frowned slightly. Then, he gave a short nod. John walked out of his office and straight into the kitchen, trying to avoid eye contact.
John places his hand on the small of my back. "You are an idiot. How could you ever think that after last night, I'd want to go back to the way things were?"
“Are you absolutely sure?”
A shiver ran through Sherlock’s body by the thought of it. He swallowed hard. “I knew things were going sideways, and I didn’t know how to stop it. I was infiltrated too deeply and couldn’t see an out. So I was forced to do it. There was no other choice.” His voice started to quiver. This was as far as he had come, but he knew he had to go further. He fought the urge to look up to John for support, knowing if he did, he would break.
"Here."
Sherlock shook his head, still not looking up at the man in front of him. “I can’t. I can’t tell you.”
Thank you for the comments! I'm going on tour with my theatre group this week to play for elder and sick people so I won't be able to write another chapter.
John gave Sherlock a small smile. “Hey, Sherlock,” he simply replied. Sherlock gave John a small smile as well and lifted himself on the barstool opposite to John.
Mrs Hudson put two cups of steaming hot tea on the table, together with some of her self-made scones. John couldn’t help it but smile. “He’d love those,” he mumbled. His head shot up immediately and was afraid he had said too much already.
“Where are you going?”
And just like that, I can start from the beginning.
John stepped away from the door opening, closed the door and stood across Sherlock. “I thought you didn’t smoke.”
“Which are?”
“Tea?” John suddenly asked. It seemed the only right thing to suggest.
Behind him, he heard the footsteps of the two kids. “Is she going to be all right?” Charly asked.
John snorted. “Well, you just saw him, didn’t you?”
After being lost in his own thoughts for a couple of minutes, John glanced at Mycroft. He was also staring out of the small window of the helicopter: chin up, his recognisable rigid look on his face. But John could see he was worried. His lips were pursed, and he had a slight frown on his forehead. John couldn’t remember seeing Mycroft worried before, not in this way.
Doctor Wilson continued. “There are different treatments regarding detoxification. I’d like to present three options for you. All three of them have good results, but only you can decide which is best for Mr Holmes.”
“Nonsense, that’s what friends are for. Just promise me you’ll call me if you need anything or if you need company. You need people.”
“You’re hurt.”
John felt a blush creep up his cheeks. He knew she was right. Ever since their altercation during the last staff meeting and the confrontation afterwards in the supply closet, he and Sherlock had become much closer than it had been in the first couple of weeks. It felt like they were entirely in sync. They were on the same page about almost everything, knew what the other thought without saying a word and even finished each other’s’ sentences once or twice. And apparently, it didn’t go unnoticed by their colleagues.
I nod, and before I begin to tell, I knock my glass back.
“nonsense dear, of course, I couldn’t rent it to someone else. It’s your home; you two belong here. Besides, your name is still on the lease.”
Something felt off. John couldn’t quite place it, but he started to feel a little uncomfortable under the gaze of this mysterious man. With a quick gulp, he drank the last of his coffee and decided it would be best to leave. He was supposed to go anyway.
He looked at his alarm clock and decided to get up and take an early morning walk at the cliffs so he could clear his head before work.
"Yes! Sorry, hello," John stepped out of the line and extended his hand to greet Mike.
The doctor nodded in answer. "I will speak with you tomorrow to work out a treatment plan. We still have a long road ahead of us. For now, try to get some sleep." With that, Doctor Wilson walked away, leaving Mycroft and John behind.
Molly started to blush a little. “We did. We were in the same year. I had a major crush on him in my first year. It took me over a year to realise he wasn’t into me. Or women in general.” She paused and took a sip of her beer. “But it made talking to him a little easier. We hang out a couple of times, talking about school and our internships, that kind of stuff. We even did some essays together in our third year. But after we graduated we each went our own direction. So you can imagine I was surprised when Greg introduced Sherlock as our new colleague two years ago.”
“Oh god, I’m sorry,” John exclaimed when he realized what he had implied. His cheeks tinted, and it was the most adorable thing Sherlock had ever seen.
“I’m sorry, what?”
You really should listen to this beautiful version of Viva la Vida by the PS22 choir, which was the inspiration for this chapter. It's absolutely stunning and as a music teacher, this fills my heart with such joy!
“How are you feeling?” Dr. Wilson asked when the three of them sat down.
John thought to himself right away. ‘
“I know,” John sighed and ran his hands across his face. For the first time since they went on cases together, he wished Sherlock wouldn’t take the case. It would be too much to handle; John was sure of it. He knew he should tell Lestrade they would help him, but he couldn’t.
John looked at Mycroft for a second. “Look,” he started carefully. “It’s not your fault.”
“How long will your sister stay in town?”
There was a pleading edge to John's tone, which caught Sherlock’s attention, and his curiosity won. He glanced at the man opposite him and actively tried to ignore the faint stutter he felt in his chest when their eyes met. “Why would I?” Sherlock spat.
The first few days that John was away, Sherlock had been busy trying to discover everything there was to know about Moriarty, which wasn’t much. On the third day, he even asked Mycroft if he could get more information on the criminal mastermind as a last resort. Sherlock had to make sure he kept his mind occupied so it couldn’t slip into the depths of his mind palace because he feared that if he did, the recent event would affect him. But when Mycroft called with the disappointing news that there wasn’t much information he could give his little brother, Sherlock threw in the towel in frustration. He had yelled at John that he was afraid that for the first time in his career, there was a puzzle he couldn’t solve. But in the emptiness of the flat, it became painfully evident to Sherlock that John wasn’t there.
The screams and sounds were horrifying.
The resident looked like he was about to argue with John. He opened his mouth to speak and then shut it again. Then, he just nodded.
His trail of thought was interrupted by someone knocking at his front door. He looked outside his window. There was a woman on his doorstep, but he didn’t recognise her. He stood up, walked to the front door and opened it. Immediately, he wished he hadn’t.
John shot him a small smile and stood up from the couch. “Have a seat then.” He walked towards the kitchen and opened the fridge. “What do you want? A beer?”
John waited a moment before they walked further into the classroom and sat down on top of the instruction table. He watched Sherlock, who started pacing again with his head bowed down. John noticed that this was a different kind of expression than before. He looked worried, almost scared. “Sherlock,” he tried, but there was no response. He tried again. “Hey, Sherlock?” Still nothing.
John didn’t answer. He looked past Mycroft into the room. “I need to see him,” was all he said. He tried to walk passed the doctors, but one of them stopped him.
After a moment, principal Lestrade raised an eyebrow in surprise. “You even have a license to teach physical education? That’s great!”
“I don’t care. I want to see him,” John persisted.
So on Monday afternoon, John was reading a book while Harry was upstairs taking a shower when the doorbell rang. He walked towards the door and couldn’t suppress his smile when he saw the outline of the tall man with messy curls through the window of his front door. He already had questioned how long it would take for Sherlock to come over. John had wanted to text or call him but thought it would be best to let Sherlock reach out to him instead of scaring him off. “Hey stranger,” he said when he opened it.
“Don’t worry, Lestrade got it covered,” Donovan tells me, her voice soft next to my ear. “Turn us around, and you’ll see what I mean.”
“Hmm, and is that why you are taking him to Hills tonight? Are we to expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
The inspector’s face softened when he saw the unshed tears in John’s eyes. He gave John a moment to blink them away.
John smiled back at her. “Yeah, I do.”
“Sherlock, third time: stop scratching.”
John looked up at Mike and walked a little closer. “Ah, thanks,” he replied. “I’m fine; everything is going great. I’m so happy to be in front of a class full of students again. The kids are amazing.” He couldn’t suppress his enthusiasm.
With dinner coming to an end, I know I have to settle things once and for all. I get up, take out a small box from one of the drawers and kneel in front of him.
“Get out,” John could hear Sherlock as soon the door was opened.
“I did. You should, too.”
“I know.”
“I know,” he replied.
After a couple of minutes, John stood from his chair to get a refill and make some breakfast. Sherlock quickly reached for his cup and held it out to John to grab it, still not looking up from his newspaper.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had felt the need to walk on eggshells the rest of the day around Sherlock. He did his best not to ask, not to linger and not to make comments about what happened that morning during the meeting or with principal Lestrade. The fact that Sherlock seemed in a mood short after that didn’t help. He had become snappy, arrogant and had decided that John was more of a burden than a help the rest of the day. John really did his best to keep the mood light and to stay as pleasant as possible, but Sherlock didn’t make it easy to do so.
Because he knew he wouldn’t survive another goodbye.
Sherlock ignored John for the second time. “And I want to visit the victim’s apartment. John, let’s go. I refuse to wait until the fine officers of the Yard are free to accompany us. I will see you there, Lestrade.” He didn’t wait for the other two men to move and walked to the door.
"A man?" John repeated. But as soon as he said it, it hit him. A man. Sherlock didn't want to be touched by a man. John felt his insides contract. This was what he feared the most, what he was most afraid of. He knew Sherlock was tortured and abused. But John only could imagine what they had done to him to make him fear the touch of men.
Sherlock got out of bed early, took a quick shower and walked to the kitchen in his dressing-gown, where he made a cup of tea. He was about to sit down and read the newspaper when his phone went off.
Joh ran his hands across his face. He suddenly had no idea how to handle all of this, and he knew this was just the beginning. The hardest part might even have to come.
Monday morning started with the first staff meeting of the new school year. John looked around the large table to his new colleagues. He had met some of them last week, but most of them were unfamiliar. One by one, they came up to him, shook his hand and introduced themselves.
John looked up at him. "I got shot." He didn't mean to be so short with Mike, but he couldn't help it.
When they entered the classroom, John looked around in astonishment. It was a mess. A proper mess. The tables and chairs were piled up against the wall and in the middle of the floor were schoolbooks, notebooks, files and stacks of papers.
“Did they, at any point, succeeded in trying to force you to have sex with someone else?”
John blinked at her. “What?”
John chuckled. “I’m fine.”
“But…”
Sherlock looked past her at John, but John didn’t look back. A rush of hesitation hit him, and suddenly he doubted if this was a good idea. Maybe it was too soon, too quick. What if he couldn’t tell him? What if his body decided to pull another trick, just like yesterday? What if it would be too much for him to handle?
“No, but you do.”
Once John got sight of the first student, he put on a smile. “Good morning Thom,” he greeted. The boy gave him a smile in return and went to his seat.
John stared at the ceiling as he waited for the time to pass by. It was 5.34 A.M, but he was already wide awake. He knew he wouldn’t be able to fall asleep again. The slight excitement he had felt before he went to bed manifested in utter nervousness. In a few hours, he would finally meet his class for the first time this year. Twenty-six students were becoming his responsibility for the rest of the year. He wouldn’t just be “John” anymore, but “Mr. John.”
“I was able to cause some delay by questioning their plan and suggest different things. They were starting to doubt their own plan, which was beyond my expectations. I even believe they blew up the whole thing because of the chaos I caused.
“Of course not,” he shrugged, trying to avoid the conversation they were about to have. “I’ve got an appointment afterwards.”
A reason or justification given for an action or belief.
“I don’t see why you value her opinion so much, John,” Sherlock tried.
After a second, Sherlock realized John waited for him to say something. “You’re late,” was all he managed to say. It didn’t sound like the intended snarl he had planned to give, but more of a statement.
“He wants you in the room during the session,” Maggie answered calmly.
“Hello John,” Sherlock said in his low baritone voice.
After a couple of months, I managed to gain some trust. That’s when they told me hacking wasn’t their only “business”. They had a… niche. They wanted me to help build it further, expand it to other countries.” Sherlock stopped talking. The hardest part was yet to come, and he started to feel nervous again.
“Sherlock.”
The man just shrugged. “I only work part-time and Mike here is far too eager to introduce me to you, an old friend who previously worked in Afghanistan. That’s no difficult leap.” The man started to gather some things and put them in his briefcase.
In the end, John was happy Harry came. Once he got home, he noticed how sore and tired he was. He didn’t want to acknowledge it, but maybe he had underestimated his situation just a little bit. So he let Harry take care of him so he could rest and let his body heal.
I had to cut off every form of communication with the government before they would intercept my messages. I knew if I didn’t, they would harm the people I cared about. That’s why I went off the radar completely within the first month.” His voice was entirely even now. He wanted to explain this because he knew John probably had requested updates from Mycroft about his status. He needed John to realise it wasn’t a choice to go down on his own, but something he had to do.
The loudness of John’s voice made Sherlock flinch involuntarily, and John immediately felt guilty. His first reaction was to walk towards the detective and apologize, but he saw Sherlock twitching when he made a move. Instead, John let himself fall on the couch, his elbows on his knees and his hands in his hair and took a deep breath to calm himself a bit.
It only took him about a minute to get to the hospital, but another 10 minutes to get to Sherlock's room. When John stepped inside, he noticed that the therapist was already gone. Sherlock laid on his back and covered his eyes with his arm. Mycroft sat in the chair next to the bed. John noticed the worried expression on Mycroft's face when he looked at him.
“I teach PE in the mornings, but I decided to catch up on some work. Heading home now.”
Two and a half weeks ago, he and John had met Moriarty in the pool and had come incredibly close to being killed. It wasn’t as much of a first for Sherlock, and he knew John had faced death as well, but it was the first time that John had been in the middle of it all. And even though Sherlock found it hard to accept, that small fact had messed with him more than he liked.
“I’m sorry,” Greg began. “but I’m completely out of my league here. If I could, I would go to someone else, but we are grasping at straws here. We need to act quickly."
“Harry and I don’t get on, never have. Clara and Harry split up three months ago, and they’re getting a divorce. And Harry is a drinker.”
“Well, don’t you look all fancy? Are you so happy you’re finally going to get rid of me you decided to dress up for the occasion?”
I just hope that this time, things will be better.
“Sherlock, I—” Lestrade tried, but the detective didn’t let him finish.
“What?”
Mycroft gave him a sharp glance. “Don’t bother.”
Also, thank you so much for all the kudos and comments! I really like hearing from you guys so let me know what you think!
When he was about to get up and grab his pack of cigarettes though, Sherlock heard a knock on the door. A jolt of nerves ran through his body, followed by anticipation and after that, anger. Now what? He would have accepted the fact that John simply wasn’t interested anymore. This was a whole new scenario he hadn’t thought about. Did John still want to go? And did he still wanted to go himself?
“Mr Holmes has sent me to take you to him.”
These last couple of days were so peaceful and quiet that they made him wonder if he was finally on the right track again. He even dared to say he was starting to feel better. His recovery went quite smooth; he didn’t have so many dark thoughts and flashbacks as before and living again at 221B Baker street was comfortable. And the best part was that John was there to keep him company. Sweet, caring, brilliant John, who gave Sherlock everything he needed at this moment without being overly concerned. A comforting hand on his shoulder, a reassuring smile, a warm embrace, he provided everything without question.
Sherlock yawned in answer. “I’m getting bored.”
John briefly considered lying about who he was going on a date with, but he knew it wouldn’t do any good. Harry would find out sooner or later, and it wasn’t as if she didn’t know he was attracted to both men and women. In fact, Harry had been the first person who John had asked for advice when he suspected he was bisexual when they were teenagers. It had felt so good to talk to her about this stuff back then, and her being a lesbian made everything even more natural.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
But it’s no use; the urge to scrap my nails against my irritated skin is too big, and within two minutes, I give up. Maybe John won’t notice now I’m turned—
Mycroft didn’t wait for an answer. “Get out. Go get someone who is capable of handling my brother, because you clearly aren’t.”
The man clearly wasn’t pleased with John’s answer. He straightened himself and looked down at John with a hard look. “You tell me.”
I hope you all are doing fine! Crazy times, right? It feels incredibly strange to be sitting at home while I should be teaching instead.
John grabbed his coat and took off, leaving everything else behind.
John smiled a little to himself and wrote down the answer. He continued in silence and finished the crossword. Then, he folded the newspaper and looked from his watch back at Sherlock.
John just gave him an answering smile and turned back to the window to stare out of it, and Sherlock did the same, his mind buzzing.
"You did," he interrupts, slightly amused. "Come on, we may have mixed up the order of our' list of firsts' a bit, but I'd love to have a first date with you." He bends closer and presses a kiss against my cheek. "Plus, I have some other things on that list I want to check off tonight."
When they got back to Baker Street, Sherlock threw himself on the floor again immediately and hastily started rustling through some files. John stepped inside and closed the front door of the apartment with such a loud bang that it made Sherlock look up at John for the first time in hours. He narrowed his eyes and took the soldier in. He was angry; his knuckles white from the tight grasp of his fist, his shoulders tense, his jaw tight.
“Kosovo,” Mycroft replied, not looking up from his window.
I started this chapter almost right after I finished the previous one, but then I decided to go play laser tag with some friends and fell on my head... Long story short and a minor concussion later, here it is!
“You think I’m overreacting? You are withholding evidence, Sherlock! That’s not a minor detail someone can overlook; that’s an actual reason to fire someone! Hell, it’s a crime, even! You know better than this! And even if you would think that, for some bizarre reason you would be justified to do this, John would know better!”
“Yes, that’s used most of the time with a heroin detox. However, It will not work on GHB.” Doctor Wilson smiled sweetly at Mycroft. “The first, classic, method is to start detoxification with Diazepam. We’ll switch to a schedule to decrease the dosage until we reach zero. The downside to this treatment is that there will be some withdrawal symptoms from Valium as well.
After two minutes, he stops at a Chinese restaurant and waits for me. Seeing him standing there with his hand on the door handle brings back a memory.
He knew how to teach. Actually, he was rather good at teaching, and he knew it. But the fact he knew didn’t make any difference in his level of nervousness. It made it worse. He hadn’t been teaching since he’d got back from Afghanistan, so he knew he had to allow himself some time to accommodate. But he wanted to prove he still was the excellent teacher he was before he got shot.
“Let’s get home,” John whispers. I feel his words against my lips and know that our night has just begun.
“Where’s Sherlock?” he asked, trying to sound as casual as possible.
“That’s amazing!”
They stood in silence for a minute. John looked at the floor, unable to shake the helpless feeling he started to feel. “I think,” he spoke after a while and ran his hands across his face. “I think I’m out of my league here. I thought I could handle everything, but it just feels like I’m losing control. And I absolutely hate it.”
“9 horizontal is Leila, the priestess of Bizet’s ‘the pearl fishers’,” Sherlock said without looking up from his phone.
John walked to the desk, sat down, and started to read some documents. Sherlock started to rearrange some things in the classroom. They had agreed that John was the one who would start the day. Sherlock already knew the children because of the music lessons he had with them, and usually, John would be the teacher who the class had on Monday. Sherlock would back down a bit, letting John take the lead today.
John shot Greg an apologetic look before he walked after the detective.
“How do you feel about co-operative teaching?”
John blinked and raised his eyebrows. “He wants me to… what?”
I feel the heat rising to my face and turn around before he’s able to deduce anything. He doesn’t need to know, not yet. Besides, some things are meant to stay secret.
“Doctor Watson! You look like a man who can dance!”
Pfew... I had a hard time writing this one! I would like to know what you guys think, so please leave a comment!
Penny for your thoughts!
By the time John would arrive at Baker Street, Sherlock had himself so worked up, he decided to leave the flat to calm down a bit, which was why he was sitting at Speedy’s for the last couple of hours.
“Please, you just came back from a twenty-eight-hour flight and you are used to a whole different time zone,” Sherlock answered. “Plus, I can hear your stomach growling.”
“Any difficulties with breathing? Movements that are discomforting?”
“Is that what?”
He didn’t hear the soft encouragement from his therapist. He didn’t hear the shifting of the seat in the far corner of the room. He didn’t hear his footsteps approaching. But when he felt an arm wrapping around him, Sherlock knew it was John. He pressed it against him and held on tight. Relief rushed over him. John was still there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes?”
He thinks I’m absolutely beautiful.
John huffed out a laugh. “Don’t be. I broke up with her. Although I have to admit, being on vacation with your ex-girlfriend isn’t something I would recommend.”
But Mycroft continued. “We found
Lestrade looked Sherlock right in his eyes and held his gaze for a moment. “I’m just trying to prevent that you fall from the wagon again.”
“What?”
“All right, what did you want to discuss?” John started impatiently. The sooner they could get this over with, the better.
After a moment, the door opened. Greg Lestrade stood in the doorway, looking utterly surprised by the sight of John at his doorstep.
John felt a slight blush creep up his cheeks. “Sorry, I’ll shut up.”
“Why?”
Maggie shifted a little closer. “Sherlock, you did so well. I’m so proud of you for sharing this. You know I have to ask you one last question, right?”
Stay save!
He also knew he wanted to be there with every minor victory Sherlock had. Usually, he would go somewhere when Sherlock had his therapy sessions. The café across the street was the place where he tried to kill  time during the wait, just like he did yesterday. He didn’t want to hover in the hospital during the sessions but did want to provide any comfort afterwards if Sherlock needed any, so the café was the best place to be.
“I’ll come back in a couple of hours, okay? Try to rest,” he simply said while he tried to keep his tone as composed as possible. Sherlock was about to comment, but John turned towards the nurse. “If there’s something wrong, just call me. I’ll be around.”
John didn’t know how to respond to that, so he decided it was best to keep quiet. He didn’t want to get his hopes up, but it seemed to go rather well. Better than the last couple of interviews, at least.
Doctor Wilson stayed utterly composed. “It isn’t. But we think it wasn’t due to the stress of the surgery, but due to drugs withdrawal, which brings me to the second thing I’d like to discuss. I strongly advise against stopping cold turkey. I am aware that is the wish of the patient, but as we’ve seen, his body cannot handle it. We’ve still provided him with Gamma Hydroxybutyrate, but I think it would be best to start detoxification right away.”
Lestrade didn’t get the change to finish his sentence. Once Sherlock got sight of John, he came rushing towards the ambulance. “What on earth were you thinking!” he yelled and pushed Lestrade aside. “How could you be so incredibly stupid? Do you have any idea what could’ve happened? How many bad outcomes there were?”
“Don’t even start,” John interrupted loudly. “You fell asleep in the bloody cab. I had to wake you. Twice!”
“That doesn’t mean I would leave you and let you deal with this by yourself,” John countered.
“I meant your cheek. Quite a bruise you’ve got there.”
John frowned, looking at his schedule. “Then I’m afraid he has to wait for a long time, as far as I can see. Send him home Holly, let him make an appointment for tomorrow.”
After they had taken the elevator, they arrived in the basement where the operating theatres were located. They held their cards against the lock and hurried through the sliding doors. John heard a woman call after them but completely ignored it. Only when he heard his name for a second time, he stopped.
“Are you positive that this is a good idea?” Mycroft asked John.
When he neared the classroom where he had met Sherlock the day before, John saw him standing against the wall with two mugs in one of his hands. Sherlock looked at his watch and smiled a little. “I appreciate you being on time. Most of our colleagues seem to be able to teach their students to watch the clock, but seem to have difficulty with it themselves.”
“Listen, I know you hate it when I ask you this late, but it’s your own class. John can’t make it. You know I normally would call in a substitute, but with the fire and everything going on I thought you wouldn’t appreciate it if I let someone else run your class.”
“You feel sorry for me. Don’t.” Sherlock threw his cigarette on the floor and stepped on it with force.
“Of course, it was! That was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary.” John couldn’t help but smile at the young man’s surprised expression.
“Hey John, how are you doing? Are you settling in? I thought you could use this.” he asked cheerfully and held up one of the mugs.
I’ve got to get to Sherlock, fast.
After two hours of peaceful quiet Sherlock woke up again, just before the physical therapist arrived. He sat up straight right away and was almost eager to start, which made John laugh a little. The physical therapist introduced himself as Patrick and gave John and Sherlock a firm handshake before sitting down in the chair next to the hospital bed.
Sherlock cleared his throat and tried to get his voice to sound even again. “There were different stages,” he started to explain. “First, I was the help. I had to clean the rooms, make sure there was enough equipment. After that, they let me be the host. I had to welcome the clients.” He paused. “They’d let me sometimes watch, too,” he added softly.
“You can’t be serious,” Mike started, disbelief clear in his voice. “I think you mean that John here is the one who…”
John had no idea how long they had sat on the cold floor. They sat in complete silence, and John felt how Sherlock slowly started to relax, almost melting against his chest. He waited patiently for Sherlock to make the first move, not able to let go just yet.
(See the end of the chapter for
Patrick moved closer towards Sherlock and lowered himself to a kneeling position. Then, he swooped one arm under Sherlock's and tried to get him up on his feet.
John put his phone down. “Why not?”
“Okay,” John answered, confused. “What do you want to talk about?” The words sounded more harsh than intended, and John saw Sherlock flinch a little in response.
John reached towards the nightstand to turn on the light and stood up from the side of the bed. He listened, but he couldn’t hear Sherlock downstairs. Softly, he walked out of the bedroom and down the stairs.
“You know he’s holding us back.”
When he opened the door, he was surprised to see a tall, dark-haired figure on his doorstep. “Sherlock? What are you doing here?”
John reached out to Sherlock's other hand. "Hey, are you okay?" he asked gently.
“Hello, Mr John! Look, I’ve got new sneakers!” A girl named Penny pointed at her shoes.
They were halfway on their way back to Baker Street when Sherlock’s attention was driven to the quick typing of John’s fingers on his phone. He turned a bit and looked at the man next to him properly. Something had caused a sudden shift in John’s state of mind, something Sherlock hadn’t been a part of. The doctor was sitting straight up in his seat and was all tensed up; his jaw clenched, his face set into a familiar stern frown.
John couldn’t bring himself to speak. This was the first time Sherlock let his guard down and spoke of what happened to him. He looked at Sherlock and was sure he saw the shimmer of tears in his eyes. He reached out for Sherlock’s hand and took it in his. Sherlock closed his fingers around John’s.
After ten minutes, the cab stopped in front of the restaurant. John paid, got out of the cab and rushed to the entrance to let Sherlock in. Angelo greeted them warmly and was delighted to be their host for the evening. When he walked Sherlock and John to the table, it became clear he had noticed the special occasion. The small table was in the far corner, dimly lit by a candle and one of the more romantic and private spots in the restaurant. They ordered their drinks - a glass of red wine for John and a bottle of sparkling water to share- and took a glance at the menu.
“Sherlock, stop!” John tried again.
The resident didn't answer. Instead, he looked at Mycroft for support. Big mistake.
John closed his eyes for a moment and breathed in deeply. He made it. He survived. He was going to be okay. He looked at Mycroft, who was also visibly relieved.
John sighed. “Fine, but if you say another word about Sherlock, I will leave. And wipe that grin off your face, please.”
Greg Lestrade was a good friend. Not only had he correctly estimated that John would have a decent hangover the next morning, but he had been the best company John could have wished for that evening. Without asking questions, he'd grabbed a bottle of whiskey, poured two glasses, and silently let John drink his first glass. After that, he had subtly started about recent cases at New Scotland Yard. This had been the opening for an evening of talking and drinking, without John having to tell why he was in London and what was going on. This was something John was very grateful for.
John gave Sherlock a puzzled look. “What do you mean?”
“Yes, of course, no problem.”
I smile at Greg, take a big gulp and sigh, silently agreeing that going to a pub on a weekday was a good idea. We’ll probably regret it in the morning – we aren’t in our college years anymore - but I couldn’t resist when Greg called. Plus, I could use somebody to talk to as well.
Sherlock sighed. Of course, he couldn’t fool John. He had stopped trying to fool John the moment John had set foot in his hospital room two weeks ago. “I don’t know,” he answered in honesty.
Without warning, a rush of emotions came over John, and suddenly he felt everything. But mostly, he felt pain, maybe heartache even. It hurt. It hurt to see Sherlock like this. It hurt like hell.
"Mr Holmes, I can assure you I'm the best there is in this hospital. Don't let my…" Patrick defended himself. John cut him off with the raise of his hand.
When he finished talking, John looked up at his sister, and she gave him one of her warm smiles. “Wow, you really like him, don’t you?”
After a long moment of working in complete silence, John looked up. This was one of the many moments where John realized how strangely familiar it felt to work with Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” John took another step. “You have nothing to worry about.”
John was doing better and better every day. By the end of the week, he was well-rested; his lungs stopped protesting, and he was able to walk around a bit without too much pain. He and Harry were spending more time together, and he was happy to notice that her company wasn’t that bad. Actually, it made him decide to take a couple of more days off so he could spend a little more time with her.
At first, Mycroft came by in person to tell him, but after a couple of months, he started to send Anthea. The 8
Harry seemed to consider this for a moment. “That’s definitely true. And please, John, don’t get me wrong. I’m happy for you, thrilled even! It just didn’t occur to me, that’s all,” she explained, giving John an apologetic smile.
“Please tell me it was all in my head.”
John started to lost his patience. Why was it that everything had to be a discussion? “And if you put him in a coma he has to go through that again when he relapses. Can I already reserve a bed? Because he will be back here in months.
From his medical perspective, John knew that was the right call. But it didn’t keep him from feeling helpless.
When Sherlock didn’t respond, John took a breath and continued. “Okay, so. You haven’t done this before.”
Sherlock returned to the laptop and started typing, a clear sign that they were going back to work. John sat down opposite him and looked at the stag of files. “Should we start by discussing students?”
John seemed to realise something and looked up questioningly. “Is that why Sherlock hit you?”
The gesture on its own was so small, but it made all the difference in the world to Sherlock. He let out a breath and felt his body relax a little. The fact that John would be there with him no matter what was all he needed. He didn’t hesitate anymore, grabbed John’s hand and squeezed it softly.
"This man you are operating on? He's someone's child, someone's brother, and someone's friend. And above that, he is a good man. So the least you can do is show some respect and learn his damn name!"
For a split second, John was terrified he wouldn’t get an answer. Then, Sherlock tightened the grip around his hand slightly. “John,” he croaked, his voice barely a whisper. “John I don’t… please,” was all he managed to say.
When he stood in front of the hotel, John didn’t enter. Instead, he started walking, his thoughts blank. There was too much information, too much to process. He knew he would go crazy if he had to be alone this evening.
"Sod off, Mycroft."
Mycroft seemed to ponder this for a moment. Then, he gave John a small nod. “Yes. Thank you, doctor Watson,” he said, sounding slightly relieved.
There, in the far corner, with his knees to his chest and his head hidden, sits Sherlock.
“When we found him and collected his clothes at the hospital, there was an old note in the inner pocket of his coat. It’s for you,” Mycroft explained and sighed.
“Alright, you need to calm down, Sherlock,” John said firmly. “I know I scared you, but I’m going to be fine. Please, lower your voice.”
I cup his cheek and kiss him tenderly. I can feel him tremble against my lips and know he’s nervous. I’d be lying if I told him I wasn’t. For some reason, I feel the urge to check we’re still okay, backing away a little. He gives a slight nod and closes the small gap between us once again.
The tall doctor standing next to Mycroft was the first one who started to move. “You’ve heard the man, let’s go. We don’t have any more time to waste.”
John was happy to notice Sherlock was talking easily and that there was no tension what so ever between him and his colleagues. Molly seemed delighted to have a chance to catch up with her former study partner, and Mike always knew how to make people more comfortable. John had to admit that it was nice to see his partner a little more relaxed. There was even a polite smile once or twice.
“It’s not that I don’t want to. Talk to you, I mean. I just… can’t,” his voice sounded defeated.
Seeming to feel my gaze on him, John looks up from his newspaper and gives me a smile that makes my heart stutter. Our eyes lock for a moment, his look warm and… affectionate? My eyes flicker down to his mouth and back.
John was about to argue with that, but Sherlock interrupted. “It’s fine, John.”
He tried again. “Sherlock, can you hear me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock met John’s eyes and held his gaze for a long time. For a moment, the world stood still, and John almost wanted to ask about the note about the unspoken things Sherlock wrote about. But he knew now was not the time, nor the place.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Because he's… He's a man."
“What happened last year?”
Let me hear your thoughts in the comments! Hope everyone's still safe and healthy! <3
John started to feel a little panicky himself. He desperately wanted to find out what could cause this, but he just couldn’t find something. What if there wasn’t a cause that he could take away? Would it be possible that all of this was inside Sherlock’s head?
Sherlock nodded. “Sister,” John heard Sherlock mutter when he walked away, and John couldn’t wipe the grin off his face.
“They indicate you’re attracted to someone.”
“We have a lot to discuss, and I don’t have much time, so let’s get right to it, shall we?” Doctor Wilson spoke immediately when Mycroft and John entered her office. She didn’t look up from Sherlock’s file. John sat in front of her and waited patiently, but Mycroft didn’t even bother to sit down.
John gave him a small, reassuring smile. “It’s okay. Take your time.”
“Don’t be an idiot Sherlock, you aren’t alone.” he chuckled.
A shiver ran across John’s spine at the thought of the previous night. He couldn’t recall much anymore; everything seemed to be a blur. One moment, he was about to propose to his girlfriend, and the next he was looking in the icy-blue eyes of his former best friend. He remembered how he got up and how he heard the blood rushing in his ears. The words Sherlock spoke were utterly lost on him as he tried to fight the urge to hurt the man, to be the bigger man. But in the end, his anger had won. Not once, not twice, but trice.
Sherlock felt like someone punched him in the gut. If he could disappear right there and then, he would. He was an idiot.  Here he was, finally having the courage to tell John how he felt, and now he was too late. John was seeing someone else. He had probably asked her to take care of him when he came out of the hospital. That was why John hadn’t been texting him. And why would he? Sherlock was just his friend, nothing more.
Suddenly, his vision was blocked by John, who was looking at him in concern. “What?” Sherlock asked, his voice a little raspier than anticipated.
But before Sherlock could continue, he heard footsteps on the stairs. He narrowed his eyes and cleared his throat. “Lestrade’s here.”
He put down his cup quickly, looked at the sofa and although he only could see Sherlock’s back, John immediately knew what was going on. Sherlock was having a nightmare.
John took another sip from his coffee. Suddenly, he felt the urge to tell. He needed to vent; he needed to share. It was just too much to keep to himself, even though he didn’t know he was allowed to tell.
He looked at his watch. It was 11:14 p.m. It was going to be a long, sleepless night. The surgery started 45 minutes ago. A splenectomy. The spleen was the organ that had caused the internal bleeding. The operation would take two to four hours if there were no complications. They would try to do the surgery laparoscopically to ensure that Sherlock's body had as little stress as possible under the circumstances. Everything was risky enough already.
“Oh, that’s a low blow, and you know it.” John decided to try something else. “Look, I know you are embarrassed about last night…”
Sherlock remained silent, but Mycroft saw his body tense, precisely what he wanted. This was going to work.
“Sherlock.”
“He didn’t want to be touched by his physical therapist and said you knew about that.”
“Yes, we did.”
He couldn’t answer. His throat felt incredibly dry. He tried to compose himself, but he was not able to shake the panic that he felt.
“Your future colleague.”
John didn’t look at him. “I feel like I should be asking you,” he said with a sad grin on his face.
He enjoyed working there. It  had taken him a while before he was used to the personal approach that was required for working in such a small village, but after a while, he knew his patients, and they knew him. It wasn’t always as busy as he would like, but that didn't matter. He could do what he was good at, which was his point of working there.
John stared at Anthea for a moment. “No,” he replied.
Again, there was a long silence between the two men. They both looked down at the ground, searching for the right words to say.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Sherlock couldn’t be happier when he got the news. He had been bored during this break. Out-of-his-mind, laying-on-the-couch-for-days, shooting-up-the-walls bored. He and John had prepared all of the upcoming lessons before the break started so they could have a decent couple of days off. He had tried to do some research, read up on some articles, and read four books in two days. He even tried to follow a series on Netflix which John had recommended. There was nothing that could keep his mind occupied. The only thing he could think of was his partner.
“John,” Sherlock said after a moment. His voice was a bit hoarse, and it clearly took him a lot of effort to form his next sentence. He frowned and looked down at their hands. John’s hand was so close, so easy to reach. But he didn’t dare to seek the comfort he needed without asking. He swallowed and tried to get rid of the raspy feeling that had settled in his throat. “I need you to tell me you think I can do this because I’m starting to think I can’t.”
Johns's train of thoughts was abruptly disturbed by two silver-blue eyes looking into his own. He hadn’t noticed Sherlock was awake, and suddenly it felt quite hot. For how long had he been staring? Could the detective deduce what he was thinking?
At first, It’s nothing more than a brush of lips, but soon I can feel a warm hand on the small of my back and the other in the nape of my neck. He opens his mouth just a little and deepens the kiss, and it’s the most delicate feeling in the world.
“Shit!”
Sherlock opened one eye and shot him a look. "Don't be an idiot, John."
John interrupted him. “Do you honestly think that I’m not functioning well enough? That I’m not doing my best to get those results too?” he asked. He hated that his voice sounded smaller than he anticipated, but he got Sherlock’s attention anyway. This was the first time they looked at each other, and John could see arrogance, realisation and guilt flash across Sherlock’s face in seconds.
Lestrade sighed and took his phone. He looked down at it for a brief moment before opening the sound file.
“A traditional Chinese restaurant has a long door handle, like this one,” he starts and points at the brass door handle. “On average, Chinese people aren’t very tall. If they open the door, they take the bottom third of the handle. So if that part is more discoloured than the rest, you know the restaurant is good enough to attract Chinese as well.”
For a couple of hours, Sherlock’s focus was completely on the case. His attention only slipped for a moment when he heard footsteps on the stairs, but he quickly deduced who it was.
“They got a call. We tried to get phone records and track down the phone, but the phone that was used was a prepaid and only used once.”
After what felt like minutes, Lestrade cleared his throat again to attract attention. “Uhm, let’s take a five-minute break, shall we?”
This spiked John’s anger again, because not only did it mean that the last two years had been for nothing, but also that there was still a threat. He ran his hands across his face in frustration. “Do you have any idea,” he began, his voice low and threatening. “What I’ve been through these last two years? How much it hurt me? How much it had cost me?”
“Of course.”
John’s look became soft. “You wanted to protect me,” he said, his voice calm.
The resident didn't bother to knock this time. When he entered the waiting room, Mycroft immediately walked towards him. "You better have a good reason for not updating us in time," Mycroft spit, trying to keep his self-control. The resident ignored the older Holmes brother and directed himself to John.
I enter the kitchen to confirm John has indeed left the apartment. My eyes linger on two used mugs and snort; of course, Mycroft couldn’t wait to put his nose in my business. There’s freshly-made coffee with a mug next to the machine as well, but I ignore it.
“Listen to me. The doctors have declared you medically incompetent, which means I have to decide if they can operate. If they don't, you will die. Do you understand me?”
Which made him decide he had to do something about it.
Sherlock had tried to push it away; to not give in to it, but it was a facade he was holding up, and he knew John would look right through that.  He would see that Sherlock was actually terrified of Moriarty because even with every resource available and with every bit of determination the detective had, he wouldn’t be able to predict Moriarty’s next move. And that therefore, he wouldn’t be able to protect himself, nor John.
“Of course I do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The woman gave John a broad, warm smile. “I’m Mrs Hudson. It’s so nice to meet you, dear. I was so happy when I heard we finally found someone who’s up for the job. I was starting to fear that Sherlock would end up teaching that class alone.”
“What? I didn’t say anything. And besides, it’s a great idea. Don’t say you won’t be happy when he shows up!”
Sherlock waved at the door. “Shall we?”
John opened the door, and Charly and Kyle came rushing to him immediately. They started talking right away. “Oh, thank God,” Charly exclaimed. “You’ve got to help us, Mr John!”
Principal Lestrade dismissively waved with his hand. “Please call me Greg. And the pleasure is mine, John. I started to worry that we wouldn’t find someone for our year 4 students, but from what I heard, you are perfect for the job. Did you bring your resume?”
Sherlock nodded. He braced himself, took one last deep breath and turned over to walk to principal Lestrade.
John cleared his throat. “I… I don’t know. I haven’t thought about what will happen when Sherlock gets out of the hospital, to be honest.”
John stopped and raised her eyebrows at her. She really needed to stop calling him a freak. He opened his mouth to comment about it, but Sherlock is ahead of him.
The class immediately went up the stage and stood in a choir arrangement, clearly knowing what Sherlock wanted them to do. A girl named Norah walked up the piano and sat
“You are the second person to say that to me today,” Mike grinned.
Sherlock shrugged. “A bit.”
“Sherlock, don’t back down now,” Maggie spoke suddenly. It almost sounded like a whisper. “You are doing great. He’s not going anywhere.”
Then again, there had been looks. And smiles. And kind words. And the fact that John had invited him to come. Sherlock shook his head and let out a frustrated sigh. It didn’t matter how hard he tried; he knew he couldn’t convince himself. He couldn’t keep himself from falling, fast.
There were risks. He knew that. But he couldn’t back out now. He had to be careful and stay calm. He had to be brave. The fact that he had learned how to deal with a crisis during his stay in Afghanistan somehow was a very comforting thought. He had learned what to do in a fire and could apply first aid if necessary. Besides, knew that from all his colleagues, he was the most qualified to deal with this.
Sherlock nodded, closed his new Belstaff coat he got Mycroft around his body, put his collar up and took his first steps outside towards the black car that waited for him and John to take them to Baker Street.
I'm waiting for an answer
So I'm asking Santa to ask you guys to leave a comment behind :)
“Why are you here?” John asked directly. He didn’t feel like much small talk.
John bent over to his briefcase on the floor, took out his resume and handed it to the principal who took it and flipped through it without saying anything.
Congratulations, you made it through this rollercoaster of a chapter!
John looked up from his desk to see Molly standing in the doorway. It was Thursday afternoon, and he was finishing some correction work before going home. He could tell Molly came with bad news just by looking at her.
The class started their day with reading, followed by writing. After the morning break, they had spelling and math, and in no time, it was time for the lunch break. John was walking around his classroom to pick up some of the work from the children when Mike entered the classroom with two steaming mugs of coffee.
Sherlock smirked in return. “Maybe.”
Mrs Hudson was so glad ‘her boys’ were back that she insisted on cooking a proper meal and have dinner together. She had made a delicious pasta and chatted freely with John about nothing in particular over a good glass of wine. Sherlock didn’t say much during the dinner but enjoyed listening to the stories Mrs Hudson had to tell. It had almost felt like before.
He couldn’t concentrate. At first, John thought it was because he felt slightly nervous, but there was something else too. For some reason, it felt like he was being watched. When John looked up again, he saw the man looking in his direction for the second time. This couldn’t be a coincidence, right? Maybe it was someone he was supposed to recognize? But if that was the case, why didn’t the man walk towards him to greet him?
“Yes, go,” Sherlock interrupted him.
“Oh, yes, among other things.” John took the lapels of Sherlock’s coat again and pulled him in for another kiss.
Sherlock didn’t wake up. Instead, he started moaning louder, clearly in distress. His movements became more violent; his eyes squeezed shut tightly. He began to mumble again, and this time, John could make out some words. “No, please…” Sherlock whimpered, and John felt his heart tighten in his chest. “Not him… Me… Not…”
“John, just admit it.”
Well, now you do! I really like to hear from you, so leave a comment if you like! :)
When he arrived at Bart’s on Thursday, he felt a lot more confident. His first encounter with his students on Monday went well, and he was happy to notice that once he stood in front of his class, he could still be the teacher he wanted to be. It felt like riding a bicycle; once you got the hang of it, you didn’t know how to do it differently.
Sherlock just waved his hand dismissively. "You two need to stop hovering. It's annoying."
“No need.” Usually, Sherlock would’ve meant to sound snappy, but he couldn’t. Instead, he gave John a hint of a smile. “It will be okay.”
He hadn’t anticipated going home ever again. He hadn’t dared to hope to come back to his apartment, to go back to his life like it was before. But now, he was given that opportunity for the second time in his life. And it was terrifying.
John groaned. “Coffee. I need coffee,” he yawned, walked towards the cupboard and took a large mug from it. Sherlock could tell he didn’t have much sleep by the way he moved around the kitchen.
“Oh, my God. This is officially the weirdest date I’ve ever had.” John snickered, and after that, he started giggling uncontrollably. Sherlock couldn’t help himself and joined a second later, giddy with everything from that evening.
He didn’t know how long he had walked. It could’ve been fifteen minutes; it could’ve been an hour. He stopped at a house he recognised, walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell.
Sherlock didn’t respond. His mind was racing a hundred miles per hour and but he couldn’t actually grasp a single thought. The anxious feeling in him had spiked and his hands started trembling. There was an itch underneath his skin and nervous energy crept upon him. He knew this feeling, he knew it all too well.
“Oh, dear, you don’t have them?”
“Oh, I thought he was quite a nice person if you got the chance to know him. He was quiet, liked to be on his own and was known for his quirks. He was an incredible know-it-all, but bloody brilliant at the same time. If you got on the good side with him, he was actually quite pleasant company.” Molly furrowed her eyebrows, and her face grew more serious. “Now most of that is gone. I don’t know what happened to him after uni, which made him harden so much. I never dared to ask.” She sighed. “I wish he would loosen up a bit. Maybe join us for a drink. I think it would be good for him, but I’m sure he will say no to me.”
John visibly braced himself. “Sherlock, I think this isn’t a…”
After a long pause, Mycroft cleared his throat. "Well then, if I can't be of your assistance anymore brother mine, I will leave you be. Do try to get some rest before your physical therapy." Mycroft stood up and waited for a response, but all he got was a huff. Mycroft nodded to John as a greeting and walked out of the room.
“Here we go, Dickens Inn on Marble Quay.”
When he realised he was lingering a bit too long, John took a step back and looked across the room. It was a mess. There were files across the floor, half-drunk cups of tea on nearly every surface and empty cardboard takeaway boxes had taken over the coffee table. He knew he wasn’t going to get back to sleep now, so he started to clean a bit of the mess.
This was not going in the right direction. John smiled a little to take off the edge of the conversation. “So you’ve got a boyfriend?”
After a long silence, Sherlock suddenly spoke again. “Do you remember our goodbye at the airport?”
When Sherlock suddenly started moving, John looked up. It took him a moment to process what the detective was doing. He had tossed himself on the floor in the middle of all the files and started rustling again, and John felt his anger rise once more. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, just lie on the couch for an hour like any other recovering patient would do!”
Everyone fell silent instantly; all eyes were now fixed on John. Even Mycroft looked taken aback.
But, I hope I didn't disappoint! Love to know what you think and I hope you all are doing well <3
“No. Well, yes. But it’s not what you think.” John explained and he watched how Lestrade raised an eyebrow at that. “We had a bit of a rough night. He was having a nightmare, and I grabbed his shoulder just when he started thrashing around. It was an accident.”
“That’s when they decided to transport me to Mitrovica, Kosovo. I was about six months into my mission. When I arrived, I noticed that I had to deal with a different kind of people right away. They weren’t happy with my arrival at all. It made them feel that they were being watched. They started to question me, wanted to know why I was there. I managed to keep up my façade for a couple of weeks. I discovered that most of their clients were rich businessmen from all over the world. People who weren’t supposed to be in Kosovo at all.
Sherlock looked down at John and hesitated for a moment. Then, he also sat down opposite John, feeling a little relieved. “Thank you,” he said. The corners of his mouth curled up a little. “What would you like to do first?”
John watched as Sherlock nodded, shook Dr. Wilson’s hand and walked out of the office without sparing John a glance. Something in his posture told John that something was going on; that he wasn’t doing well, and he had to fight the urge to go after Sherlock, instead of staying behind.
“It’s not,” John interrupted him, still not looking up. He couldn’t stop talking now. “I saw him. He is in a private hospital just outside of the city centre. Mycroft came to Fairlight Cove yesterday, took me to see him. He was found in Kosovo a couple of days ago. Nobody knows what happened.”
"I'm not coming with you. If Mycroft has any respect whatsoever, he will come in person and tell me they have found his body, "John paused briefly and sighed. "That it is finally over. If that’s not the case, then I don’t want to talk to him. Report that back to your boss." He grabbed the doorknob to close it.
Sherlock looked like he was about to comment on that, but he didn't. Instead, he just shifted a bit and looked away.
Sherlock cut him off. “I’m not implying anything. I’m sure Sally just came around for a nice little chat and happened to stay over.” He walked passed the receptionist and glanced at her. “And I assume scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.” With that, Sherlock walked away, and John followed suit.
“I think it’s a challenge to include our youngest students, but maybe there are a couple of older students who want to write a blog about our classes as well?” Janine said and looked at the direction of Anderson, who nodded.
“You don’t seem very frightening,” John countered.
Sherlock looked down at his plate again. “No,” he said after a moment, his voice sounding small.
Around 5, John decided he had done enough. He packed his briefcase, closed the workplace where he had been sitting the last few hours and walked through the hallway, only to run into Molly and Mike.
“Do you plan to continue your relationship with Sherlock?” the man continued, avoiding John’s glare.
“Why?”
Also, fireandhoney volunteered to beta and she did an AMAZING job! Thank you so, SO much!
John didn’t answer but looked up at Sherlock. He was about to say something when the bartender came up to take his order.
When I feel his lips against mine, I can’t withhold the sigh that escapes me. It’s a sigh of relief, of letting go of that long build-up tension, of finally feeling complete. I always expected our first kiss to be frantic and full of pent-up energy, but it isn’t anything like that. It’s not a kiss that’s formed through want, but through love.
Without thinking, he walked towards Sherlock’s bedroom. He knew what he was about to do was wrong, but he couldn’t care less. He was going to try to talk Sherlock out of it.
When Molly and Mike were in a heavy discussion about the latest series on Netflix, John let his gaze shift to Sherlock once again, only to find Sherlock looking at him as well. This time, they didn’t look away. They stared at each other, and John felt his cheeks warm.
John sighed. “Of course. Leave it to Sherlock to ambush someone with this.” He said and ran his hands through his hair. He took a deep breath to prepare himself what was about to come. “All right, I will join. It’s not that I can say no to him anyway.”
“Sherlock?”
John chuckled and looked at the man in front of him. He was adorable like this; his cheeks slightly pinkened, clearly not realizing John felt the same about him. John decided it would be better to let Sherlock figure it out on his own rather than telling him. He stepped a little closer and gave him a daring look. “You were jealous?” he flirted.
He decided not to mention anything for the moment and changed the subject. “Has my brother decided where he wants to go when he’s being released?”
Sherlock felt something bloom inside his chest. “I’d like that,” he answered. “I know just the place.”
“You are aware of the fact that you will put his body through a lot of unnecessary stress?” Doctor Wilson now snapped. She sat down straight in her chair, her eyes hard as steel.
It was at that moment that John realized something.
“Drop it, Mike,” John warned him.
“I do, we’ve got a problem. We got different reports of people within our police force who were threatened.  The threats were serious enough for us to start an investigation, but there had been a development. ”
Two days. John was a little surprised by that fact. Anthea stood at his doorstep yesterday. If they had found Sherlock two days ago, it meant that Mycroft didn’t wait long to inform John. He had not tried to fix it on his own, which was a first in the history of Mycroft Holmes. Or maybe he couldn’t?
The loose grasp of John’s hands on Sherlock’s hips were gone. Instead, John let his hands roam over Sherlock’s back and daringly grabbed his ass, pulling Sherlock again his own body. Sherlock let out a small moan and it was the most arousing sound John had ever heard.
“No, that’s not what I… I didn’t…” Sherlock stammered. John noticed his colleagues were silent again, and he watched Sherlock sink back in his chair.
“Dr. Watson,’ Holly started, “there is still one patient left. The man from this morning didn’t want to leave. I’m sorry,” she added, hearing John sigh.
Sherlock looked down at his hands again and fumbled with the sleeve of his robe. John wanted to take his hands and tell him there was no need for him to be this nervous, but he knew If he did that, he would scare Sherlock away, so the only thing he could do was wait.
He glanced at the man on the floor, and John wondered why his colleagues thought that Sherlock was challenging to work with. Sure, he had his quirks, but who didn’t? It wasn’t like he wasn’t listening to what John had to say or that he was determined to have it his way. In fact, John actually started to like working with him.
John took a long, good look at the sleeping man next to him. Sherlock's features were soft and relaxed, his mouth a bit open. It made him look years younger, and John wished that there was a way he could always see him like this, so at peace and unguarded. He was beautiful. Even after all these years, after all these battles and wars Sherlock had fought, he was the most attractive man John knew. He would give anything to run his hand through those dark curls, to caress his sharp cheekbones, to kiss...
I’m relieved to see you like this because I know you only fell asleep a few hours ago. I could feel you shift and turn, indicating that you were still awake in the middle of the night.
Sherlock looked up at Lestrade and saw the concerned look he and the fire-fighter exchanged, and he knew what they thought. This wasn’t good news.
This stung. Of course, John didn’t want to either. He knew Mycroft cared much more for his brother then he showed.
Last but not least. THANK YOU so much for all the kudos and comments, again. You really are the best, and it really makes my day. So I make you a deal: I will try to update as soon as possible, and you write me a comment. Sounds good, yeah? And I promise I won't let you wait two months again (pinky promise!)
“Mr John told us to tell you that you needed to call an ambulance,” Charly added. “He’s with Alice. She hit her head.”
“They look nice Penny, All-Stars, right?” The girl was practically beaming at him and nodded. She went to her seat, and soon the rest of the class entered the classroom one by one. John’s mind formed a plan while he greeted his students.
Patrick wrote some things down. After that, he looked up from the chart. "Excellent. And can you move around freely?"
John raised his eyebrow by this statement and looked at the receptionist. How could Sherlock possibly tell? He looked at her clothes and her make-up, but he couldn’t notice anything strange. Everything was spot-on. Sally didn’t’ seem that impressed and gave Sherlock a fake smile.
“Hmm,” John replied and took his opportunity to take Sherlock’s bottom lip between his. He sucked softly, and Sherlock felt his knees go weak in anticipation. He couldn’t help it but moan quietly into John’s mouth. Jesus, this man was
John suddenly realised something. "Is that why all of the doctors and nurses were female? Did Mycroft know?"
John snorted at that. “No, of course not.”
“How’s your nose?” John asked when Sherlock sat down opposite him.
Lestrade eyed the man. “You don’t agree with me, Philip?”
The music switches to a slow waltz, and Donovan steps closer and bends a little forward. I know how this must look to someone who’s watching us dance: like we’re involved. I feel a pang of guilt when I realise that Sherlock must have seen that as well.
“He doesn’t have many friends,” the man sighed. “I’m the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock has.”
“Yes.”
Sally Donovan appears next to us, invading John’s personal space. I glare at her, but she ignores me completely.
“How’s the pain?”
“I’m serious John, those kids would not have stood a chance if it weren’t for y-.”
“Excuse me?”
John started to get curious now. “How did you know about Afghanistan?”
John suddenly woke up from the hand on his shoulder. He opened his eyes, still without focus, and it took a while before he realised where he was and what had happened. When the realisation hit, he shot up and was alert immediately. He looked behind him and saw that Mycroft had woken him up. Mycroft gestured that he should say nothing and that he had to follow him to the hallway.
After a long silence, Dr. Wilson sighed and ran her hands across her face, dropping a bit of her rigour with the gesture. “Listen, I usually would’ve taken action by now. But I think he’s better off at home than in the hospital right now, so I won’t proceed. I’ll schedule an appointment in two weeks. If he hasn’t improved by then, I’m afraid you aren’t giving me any choice.”
John gave her a crooked smile, but it disappeared almost immediately when he realised what Sherlock had asked of him. He wasn’t prepared for this. He needed time to think, to figure out how to handle the information. “I suppose I don’t get the chance to think about this, do I?”
“Everything!” Sherlock spat venomously.
“Childish.”
Thank you ohlooktheresabee for helping me get through this chapter and help me with the final touches!
Lestrade sighed. “Yes, of course.”
First things first. Hey guys! I'm sorry it took me so long to update. A lot of stuff happened at once and I had to focus on that first. But hey, I'm back!
Kyle and Charly turned instantly and walked to the other end of the classroom. Alice lay on her side, still unconscious. There was some blood on the floor, probably from where she had hit her head.
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“Dr Watson,” Mycroft started slowly after another minute of staring. “When do you believe a patient is no longer capable of making his own medical decisions?”
“Oh for the love of God; stop it!”
She hums. “I’m definitely going to try that tonight.”
John stayed silent for a moment. He still couldn’t get used to Mycroft letting his guard down sometimes, even if it was only a little bit. It made the anger he felt before ebb away.
John decided to give in, knowing he would not be able to get Mycroft to leave. He looked away and sat down again behind his desk. He ran his hands over his face and closed his eyes. Mycroft followed John’s movements and sat down as well.
John raised his eyebrows at that. “No, not at all,” he started. “Quite the opposite actually. We are kind of a good match together.”
Donovan doesn’t answer. Instead, she looks at me with a smirk, her eyes glistening with mischief. Suddenly, I know what’s going on.
“Sherlock?” John tried again, more gently this time. “Please tell me what’s on your mind?”
Mycroft nodded knowingly. “When he came back, he got violent when he was touched by the male doctor who wanted to examine him. He didn’t want me to touch him either. I don’t think me being a man was the main reason, though. But it didn’t improve things.”
It started as a brush of lips, slowly, delicately. Sherlock cupped John’s cheek with one hand, the other placed on the wall to support his weight. He lost himself in the sensation of John’s lips against this. John’s hands were loosely placed on both sides of his hips to ground himself.
The case concluded in a rather spectacular chase through an abandoned warehouse. Deciding to go separate ways, Sherlock ran off to collect the evidence we needed, and I ran after the forger. It only took me three minutes to catch him and am handing him over to Lestrade when suddenly the power shuts off, shrouding everything in darkness. Everyone immediately grabs their phones to put on their flashlights, but that’s not what comes to my mind. I shoot Greg a worried look, hoping that he will understand.
They were silent during the ride. Sherlock couldn’t help it but to look outside the window and stare at the buildings and people. He was back in London, the city he knew from the inside out. And for the first time, he felt grateful to be back.
John was surprised to see that the gate was open. He walked across the schoolyard and entered the building through the main entry.
“I won’t pretend everything’s fine,” John continued, his voice much kinder and softer. “It’s not easy for me to see you like this, to hear what happened. It’s damn hard. But please, don’t hold back because of it. I’m so proud of you for telling and for the asking and it would break my heart if I noticed you were holding back because you think I can’t handle it. Mycroft asked me to come with him; he didn’t force me to. I chose to. And I’m so glad I did because by some kind of miracle It got me here.”
John looked at the man with a stern face. How on earth did he know about his ankle? “I don’t want to sit down.”
“All right, move up a bit,” John finally said.
“No, I… No.”
“What is it, then?” John urged, his anger subsided.
John chuckled a little. “And here I am, wondering why everyone is implying you’re difficult to work with.”
John put back his phone and made a mental note to take the inspector to a pub on his costs as a thank you.
“Will you just collaborate for once and attend the staff meetings from now on? I can’t keep protecting you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s eyes roamed over the parking lot, not sure what he was looking for. He searched for some companionship, for someone who noticed what was going on. But everyone was busy. Some of his colleagues did seem to mention what just happened and were trying to keep their class calm. Others were a little slow on the situation and were searching for what caused the commotion. He didn’t care. The only person he could think of was John.
I give her a final smile before I choose to walk away, leaving her behind.
“It’s fine. Say hi to Lestrade for me.”
The click of the kettle indicated that water was ready. John poured the hot water into the cups. His hands were shaking uncontrollably. Closing his eyes, he tried to focus on his somewhat shallow breathing. He leaned against the counter.
I push his suit jacket from his shoulders and let my hands come up to his shirt buttons, slipping them through their holes agonizingly slow. I leave his mouth to kiss every bit of pale skin that’s revealed. The texture of it against my hands and lips is so soft that a moan escapes me.
Sherlock let out a frustrated huff. “What is there to understand, John? Don’t tell me you’re an addict too. It would be the joke of the year.”
Sherlock noticed it too and looked up for a second before returning his gaze downward. “Well, there… I’ve wanted to… I’m…” The words got stuck in his throat, and he let out a frustrated sigh. Why was this so hard?
John smiled back at Sherlock, and he was sure he saw him blush a little. Oh boy, what had he done?
The dream did not surprise him, given his short meeting with Anthea yesterday. For the rest of that day, he had tried not to linger his thoughts for too long. It was too painful to think of his friends’ death. To think about his upcoming funeral, if there was going to be one, again. To think about what he should and should not say if, no when, they were going to ask to speak. To think about if he would attend the funeral at all. But of course, his subconscious mind had to betray him at night.
“What?” John exclaimed. He wanted to argue with Sherlock, but he was suddenly aware of 28 pairs of eyes directed on him and Sherlock. “Kids, why don’t you continue your project? I promise I will make up for the missed lesson this Friday.”
They sat there for what felt like minutes. John knew it longer than was appropriate, but it was what they needed at that moment.
Sherlock did. He reacted immediately, stood up from his chair and grabbed John by his arms to lift him up. “Come on; you need some air. Outside, now.”
Mycroft took a moment to arrange his words in his head carefully. He knew he had to act precisely. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to convince Sherlock. He had a plan: target Sherlock’s pressure point. And Mycroft knew his pressure point was John Watson.
John looked in the direction of Mike again. “Oh, you told him about me?”
A big thanks to fireandhoney and Ughilovejohnlock for keeping me motivated and an even bigger thanks to you guys for reading! I can't believe the numbers I almost reached, and even though those numbers aren't the main reason for me to write, it means a lot to see that you like the story so far! So, hugs and kisses for you guys!
“Please Greg, don’t,” Sherlock tried and looked up at the man opposite him, hoping that the use of the DI’s first name made him realize there was something else going on. “Just let this slide, okay? It was wrong of me to do so, I understand that. But trust me when I say I wouldn’t have done it if I didn’t have a valid reason.”
John walked closer to the resident. "You keep referring to him as the patient. What's his name?"
"Coming?"
After a long moment, Mycroft tried to regain his composure and cleared his throat. “I don’t expect that there will be a funeral.”
Mycroft let out a small sigh. “That I do.”
Sherlock turned his head to look at John and felt a rush of warmth through him. The look John gave him was a look of determination, not of pity or disapproval and Sherlock could kiss him right there and then. To make sure he wouldn’t, he took the strip from John. “Thanks,”  said and popped two pills out of it.
Mycroft ignored Sherlock. “How are you feeling, brother mine?” Mycroft started, sounding distant and alert.
“I’m perfectly capable of setting my own boundaries, Sherlock.”
When Sherlock realised John was right, he pulled both of his hands away. For a second, John was relieved. But then he heard Sherlock's breathing quicken in a pace that was quite alarming. “Easy, Sherlock, try to breathe,” he said in his most quiet voice.” In through your nose, out through your mouth.”
“No, sir. He doesn’t get to barge into the Yard after a year of absence and take over the case like it’s nothing. We don’t need him.”
“It’s time to take those blinders off and start acting like a doctor instead of a loved one.”
Mycroft nodded in response. “I’ll be back in two hours. Do you get something to eat.” And with that, the older Holmes brother walked away from John.
“Lestrade!” Sherlock bellowed in his deep voice while he walked towards the principal. “Tell me you have heard something from John.” But he knew the answer before Lestrade spoke.
“No,” John said abruptly. “That’s not going to happen. I’m not putting him in a coma .”
John stepped forward and laid his hand on Sherlock's shaking shoulder. "Sherlock, what's wrong?" he asked gently.
In record time, he had put on his clothes and got into the back of a black car that for some reason, always seemed to be ready to drive him to somewhere. It only took 10 minutes to drive to the private hospital, but that was long enough for John to worry. He could not help but wonder what could have happened. He made sure everything was fine when he left at the end of the evening. And yet there must have been something that had caused the sudden change.
His rescue had been a call from Lestrade. The second victim, Caleb Austin, had been missing for two days now, which his neighbour had noticed eventually. He was graduated from the police academy in September and had just started working at New Scotland Yard. He didn’t have much family living in the city and didn’t have a partner or housemate.
“Good. Let’s continue.”
“John,” Sherlock mumbled against his lips. He had to stop before he couldn’t bring himself to it anymore. “Your sister.”
I hope you are all save and that you won't let the lockdown get the better of you. <3
There was a long, thick silence. Sherlock’s heart started jamming inside his chest, and he felt his hands starting to get sweaty. He could hear John inhale sharply and shift in his seat slightly, but other than that, there was no response, for which he was grateful.
“Oh no, not you too,” John sighed. “Talked to Mike?”
It took him a moment to realize it was a woman’s purse.
Hold on, 30 chapters instead of 28? You know February only has 28 days, right?!
“Yes?”
Lestrade was visibly relieved that someone offered to help. “Yes, you’re just the man I need. We are terribly short-handed. Could you check if everyone has counted their classes and if they are complete?”
He started thinking about what he needed at those moments. He had needed quiet. No sudden movements or noises. Reassurance. He needed to feel safe, not to feel alone. John swallowed. He knew he had to try everything to succeed. If he didn’t, Sherlock wouldn’t trust him anymore.
John decided to go in a different direction. “Where have you been for the past two years?”
His choice of words could not have been worse. A shiver ran through John's body. The Holmes brothers didn’t resemble each other in many ways, but sometimes they sounded just the same.
The man laughed. “Yes. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?” His face fell. “What’s your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
A small sound from the corner of the room made John snap out of his thoughts. He walked towards Sherlock and kneeled next to him, acting on instinct now instead of common sense. Now that he was closer, he noticed Sherlock’s shallow breathing. John knew that he had something to do about that. Otherwise he would collapse.
“Sally,” Lestrade warned her.
“twenty-four.”
“I don’t see why you wo—”
“I love you too, John.”
John had not anticipated staying overnight when he got wheeled into the hospital. He had told the paramedics, doctors and nurses repeatably that he was fine, but apparently, they took smoke inhalation very serious. They insisted on keeping him for observation.
It made John want to throw up. But he couldn't. This was not about him.
“That’s not what I meant, John,” Sherlock replied impatiently. “Why did you broke up with her?”
Not missing the fondness in John’s voice, Sherlock looked up from his newspaper for the first time. He opened his mouth to reply, but his eye caught the bruise on John’s cheek. He raised his eyebrow questioningly, but John just sat back in his chair. Sherlock waited for an explanation, but nothing came. “John,” he finally said to get the doctors’ attention.
“...And that’s why Greece is my favourite country to go on holiday!”
John considered this for a quick moment. Then, he rose onto his feet. “I want to see him.”
“Here,” John started while he took his phone from his pocket without hesitation. “Use mine.”
After seconds, Sherlock seemed to give up the façade and sighed. “I thought you wouldn’t want to see me again, not after last night.”
John sat down with a steaming mug of coffee. He took a sip and sighed, clearly enjoying the moment. He gazed over at Sherlock. The man looked terrible. His skin was even paler than usual, dark circles underneath his eyes clearly visible. He also seemed more skinny than he was when he got out of the hospital, which worried John.
John looked up at Mycroft. “Thank you,” he said. It wasn’t just because of the apartment. It meant more than that, and both men knew it.
“Sherlock, look at me,” Maggie said in a friendly but demanding tone. His eyes snapped away from John. “Remember what I told you. Try to act like he’s not here. There's nothing going to happen that you don’t want to. You are the one calling the shots today.”
John approached Mycroft. “Mycroft, let me help. It could be broken.”
Not to save John.
Although John desperately wanted to punch Donovan in the face, he knew Lestrade was right. He gave Lestrade a small nod as a thank you and turned to head back.
They walked down the hall to the office and were greeted by Dr. Wilson.  “Mr. Holmes, it’s good to see you again,” she said and shook his hand. When she stepped aside to let them in, she gave John a small nod as a greeting.
John blinked, unable to hide his surprise. “It really isn’t, you know?”
John knew it wouldn’t do any good to question Sherlock’s state right now. Besides, he was still too sleepy to argue with the detective. He finished his coffee in silence, and Sherlock picked up on his article. They just sat there at the kitchen table, enjoying each other’s company.
This piqued John’s interest. He hadn’t talked about their previous education with Sherlock before and was surprised to hear he went to a regular university. For some reason, John hadn’t pictured him as a student.
Suddenly, the quiet was disrupted by a soft moan. It took John a moment to register what he had heard. But when he heard it again, he was alert instantly. He knew those soft whimpers like nobody else. Those weren’t moans out of pleasure, but out of discomfort, fear and pain.
Lestrade was starting to lose his patience. “You better come up with a bloody good reason right now.”
Mike looked from the man to John and pointed in the direction of John. “That’s an old friend of mine, John Watson.” But the man ignored Mike and took the phone from John and started texting.
“It is taking too long. He’s been in there for minutes. They should be out by now.”
“Everyone confirmed that their class was complete. Most of our colleagues seem to have the situation under control.” He reported back to Lestrade.
“What kind of niche?” Maggie asked. She sounded curious, and Sherlock couldn’t blame her. This was the first time he was going to talk about it. He had to. He wanted John to know.
I really would love to hear your thoughts, especially after the last couple of chapters. We are finally on the road to recovery!
“I just happen to have them in my possession,” Sherlock snapped. He jumped up to his feet and reached forward to snatch the photos from Lestrade’s hand, but he was too slow. The DI was looking at him suspiciously and Sherlock knew that the DI was smart enough to connect the dots.
“What can I say,” John answered, still with a smile on his face. “It just works.”
John knelt by her body and felt her pulse. A fit of relief went through his body once he felt the steady thump of her heart against his fingers. He quickly weighed his options. He needed to make sure he wouldn’t do more harm if he wanted to move the girl. But that would mean Charly and Kyle would have to wait minutes before they could start on exiting the building and he didn’t want to risk their lives too. He made a decision.
He was afraid of the answer he might get.
Despite his aggressive tone, John’s look didn’t change. He started to speak in a kind, soft voice. “Listen. I told you before, if you don’t want to tell me, it’s…”
“Stop fidgeting. You have nothing to be nervous about. You always know how to be the perfect gentleman. Plus, you look absolutely amazing,” Harry said softly. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you this, so joyous and unguarded. I’m so happy for you. He’s a lucky guy, this Sherlock.”
“You checked their email, texts, their social media accounts, their contacts?”
Arriving at the room, He saw a nurse standing at the window, looking nervous. When she noticed John, she walked towards him with a guilty look on her face.
John shook the hand he was offered. “In that case, I would believe only half of it.”
It all made him wonder. Could it be that John felt the same about him?
Oh, can you believe it? They're finally here! It took me some days to write this chapter and I can't wait to hear what you guys think!
“What?”
“Oh! You’ve got to tell me everything! Who’s the lucky girl?”
Mike shook his head. “Not a word.”
The Harold Road surgery was situated in a large, old mansion at the end of one of the main roads of the little village. The building was opened in 1920 and has since served as the general practice of Fairlight Cove. John ran the services together with four other colleagues.
(See the end of the chapter for
With his decision made, John walked towards the west entrance. He immediately saw the man from earlier waiting at a black car. The man gave a small nod as a sign and opened the door to let John step inside the vehicle.
“Obviously,” Mycroft replied. He stood up from his chair, leaning heavily onto the armrests. John saw him wince slightly.
The woman who called after John walked towards them. "Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes, what on earth are you doing here? You're not even sterile!"
When Monday finally came, Sherlock decided to go to Bart’s to see how things were going. He knew John had to teach that day. Maybe it was better to see him again at work. That way, they had something to talk about, and Sherlock could avoid some more personal subjects. He even thought of going to the teachers’ meeting that Lestrade had scheduled for later that day.
John decided to give Sherlock a moment before asking what was going on. He walked to the living room and sat in his chair with his book. He was surprised to see Sherlock come out of his room 10 minutes later. He didn’t look up, but his attention was on Sherlock’s movements. Sherlock stood still in the middle of the room at first, but when John didn’t react, he sat down in the chair opposite John.
Sherlock had expected that all of that would fade away once they returned at Baker street, but the opposite was exact. It even felt more natural between the walls of their old apartment than at the hospital. He knew that it all was temporary and that John would leave him to go back to god knows where, but he didn’t seem to be preparing to leave anytime soon.
Remember how I asked if there was a way to get into contact with some fellow Sherlock fans? I found them! So thanks for recommending the FB page, because it made me find Ughilovejohnlock and fireandhoney who are the best and helped me to get me through this writers' block!
We all know what comes after...💕
"John?"
“Oh John, you should join us!” Molly spoke enthusiastically. “We are going to grab something to eat and drink a few beers in a pub nearby.”
“Hold on,” Greg interrupts. Without saying anything, he walks to the bar, orders something and comes back with two shots with transparent liquid, lemon and salt. “This calls for the big guns.”
John reached up with his hands and ran his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls. He didn’t seem to mind that they were in the middle of the street, and Sherlock found he also couldn’t care less. He wrapped his arms around John’s waist and pulled his body against him, earning a gasp from John. Their mouths melted together once more, completely lost in sensation.
John awoke abruptly, his heart pounding in his chest. He took a shaky breath, trying to calm down a bit.
Holly grinned at him. “It looks like you didn’t have the best nights’ sleep. Would you like to have some coffee?”
“You know what I mean,” John countered.
“Tell me how you know?”
“Obviously, John,” Sherlock scoffs. “I always give the right address.”
Sherlock hesitantly looked up and met John’s eyes for the first time. He regretted it immediately. John looked at him questioningly, and Sherlock was sure John was able to see right through him. He braced himself for John’s reaction, but nothing came. Instead, he watched how John’s face lit up and was greeted with a warm smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked at his watch. He would certainly be late for his application. Well, maybe he shouldn't go at all then. "Black, one sugar," he answered and went to sit at a table.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, yes,” John said, unable to suppress his grin. He really shouldn’t be surprised that Sherlock deduced Harry was upstairs. “How do you know?”
“I try not to, but sometimes I can’t help it. I cannot not observe.” Sherlock looked at John playfully. “Did I get anything wrong?”
Mycroft knew it wasn’t fair. He knew it would only take a small push to get Sherlock over the edge. And somewhere deep down, he felt a little guilty. But he knew it was the only way to get Sherlock to cooperate.
John grabbed another chair and sat next to Mycroft. He took a good look at Sherlock and noticed every bit of colour in his face was gone. Tiny drops of sweat coated his forehead, and he was trembling slightly. John saw the paper spit buckets on the nightstand. His gaze shifted from Sherlock to Mycroft, who gave John a knowing look. Mycroft hesitated to say something but didn't.
“They never get tired of trying.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him and continued his yelling. “Six, but that’s not the point. You could have died! What’s gotten into you, bursting inside like some superhero. You do have a responsibility, you know?”
Stay tuned for the epilogue tomorrow!
Mycroft did not seem impressed. "We came here to collect an update since you clearly forgot our agreement, dr. Wilson."
His voice broke at the end and with a jolt, Sherlock realized he wasn’t talking about the case anymore. And from the look Lestrade gave him, he knew too.
Sherlock didn’t see this coming. John had stayed with him each night long after he had fallen asleep to make sure he was okay. This would be the first night on his own.
John woke up with a long arm wrapped around his chest and a head full of curls on his shoulder, and he couldn’t suppress a smile. It was the best possible feeling in the world. He knew he had to get up soon, or at least shift away before Sherlock would wake up and noticed their new sleeping arrangement, but he allowed himself to lay in Sherlock's arms for a moment longer. The heavy weight of his arm felt comfortable, and the familiar smell of Sherlock’s expensive shampoo was soothing. God, he had missed that smell.
Mycroft hurried out of the room, ignoring John. John followed him to the nearest bathroom. Mycroft was bent over the sink, blood dripping from his nose.
Mrs Hudson interrupted him. “That’s not necessary dear. I’ll take care of it.”
He took the glass in both of his hands and lowered it into his lap. He closed his eyes and braced himself before he continued.
“My thoughts exactly.”
The next day, John arrived early at Bartholomew’s State School, feeling excited. For the first time in months, there had been a reason to get up in the morning, so when he got up, he had a lot of energy. He had run six miles, gave himself a proper shave and had cleaned his apartment and still managed to be ready to go to his new job an hour early. He was just so eager to start his new career.
Sherlock went over it again and again, searching for a possible way, a loophole which would get John and those kids out of that building safe and sound. But he couldn’t think of anything. That was when he was struck by a horrid thought.
John shifted in his seat. He felt slightly uncomfortable discussing this. He knew Sherlock was an addict and that drugs always would seem attractive to him. They had talked about it, and John had helped him get through his bad days. But he had been clean for at least four years. Now it felt like they had to start all over again from the beginning. Even if he hadn’t administered the drugs himself, something John was convinced of, he still had to go through the terrible stages of withdrawal.
"Do you want me to ask for something to help you with that?"
“I know one of the waitresses there. She owed me a favour.”
Maggie sat down as well in the chair opposite Sherlock. It blocked part of the view, which was a relief. This way, he couldn’t see John’s face. He could pretend. It was just him and his therapist.
As the examination progressed, John noticed Sherlock got tensed more and more. His gaze was firm, focused, and he didn't look up to Patrick or John once. His breathing was deep and steady as if he was doing a breathing exercise. John was about to ask if everything was all right when Patrick spoke again.
“It’s obvious. There’s a woman’s coat on the coat rack and a purse next to your sofa. Your house usually smells fresh, cotton-like. But now there’s a hint of perfume somewhere. Chanel, if I’m not mistaken. You keep glancing towards the stairs, so she’s upstairs. Your pupils are slightly dilated, your heart rate elevated. The blush on your cheeks and your constant grinning tells me you’re obviously smitten about her,” Sherlock stated.
But he knew Mycroft was right, as always. John always talked about “his friend”, or “his brother.” He couldn’t remember the last time he spoke out his name. Sherlock. It even hurt just to think about him.
John shook his head in defeat. “Please come to bed somewhere this night, okay?” he asked, but Sherlock just glared at him in answer. John sighed, took his phone and went down the hallway to the bedroom.
“I’m not his medical proxy,” Mycroft said, tiredness audible in his voice. “Of course, my brother is full of surprises. He assigned you."
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows but didn’t reply. His attention went back to the book in front of him. After a moment, he spoke again, his tone more cautious. “If you want to eat lunch with them, that’s fine.”
Third, I would love to get in contact with some of you! I'm relatively new to this community, and I absolutely love it, but I don't know what's the best way to reach out to you guys. So if you would also like to chat with me about Sherlock, or maybe even would like to write some stuff with me, feel free to leave a comment! That way, we could find a way to chat with each other :)
They sat like that for minutes. John was whispering comforting things into Sherlock’s ear, one hand stroking his back, the other placed in the nape of his neck. Sherlock listened to every word. They kept him from falling back into the darkness. He started to calm down a bit.
When I manage to get home, I’m in an awful mood. I slam the door shut, throw my jacket over my chair and walk directly to the fridge to grab a beer. He doesn’t greet me when I walk past him, and I’m about to give a snarky comment. But when I turn around, he simply looks up at me from his microscope and smiles. Not a smug smile or a pitiful smile, but a genuine, warm, welcoming smile that makes my knees go weak and my heart flutter in my chest. And just like that, my foul mood evaporates, and I can't suppress the urge to smile back at him.
Whoops. I played laser tag with my friends the previous week, fell and hit my head against the corner of a wall. I survived, but writing with a concussion isn't the best combo. But I'm back now!
“My advice? Don’t think anything. Go in blank, and I’m sure you will be surprised by him.” Mrs Hudson said with a warm tone in her voice that made John feel a little more reassured about his partner.
Lestrade looked at him and nodded. He stepped aside and let John in.
John didn’t miss the accusing tone in his voice, but couldn’t quite place it. What was Sherlock talking about?
Once John was inside the building, he took a second to consider his options. The only way to go up to the second floor was to take the stairs at the far end of the corridor. That way, he would arrive almost opposite the classroom where the students were located. But it was risky, the stairs were near the old part where the fire had started, and John had absolutely no idea how far the fire had spread.
“Sally, enough,” Lestrade warned. Donovan backed off immediately and decided to check on the crime scene, leaving her boss and John behind.
I look into his eyes, and I know what he’s trying to tell me. Maybe not with words, not yet, and he doesn’t have to. The look in his eyes tells me that at this moment, we both can feel them.
John started to get frustrated with Mycroft. What did this man want? First, he tried to declare Sherlock medical incompetent so he could make the decisions for him, and now he couldn’t do it?  “Of course you can.”
They took a cab and drove to the address Sherlock had given the driver. Sherlock couldn’t help it but glance over at John now and then. He felt John do the same, but he couldn’t bring himself to look at him at the same time. They sat on the backseat of the car in complete silence during the ride, and Sherlock wished he was better at small talk.
John gave Sherlock a small nod. “Yes, here?”
But when he stood up, the man stood up as well. He saw how the man walked in his direction and then passed him without looking up. John was about to go after him when he saw that the man had left a note on his table. With a frown, he opened the note and read.
Sherlock’s head snapped up. “You look like shit.”
He was surprised to feel his phone buzzing a second later.
“Oh, right.” John paused, realising what it meant. He raised his eyebrows a bit. “Do you have a boyfriend? Which is fine by the…”
“I’m not tir-,”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, thank you.” Suddenly, John was aware of the fact that he and Sherlock were still holding hands. “Uhm… Sorry,” he stammered and pulled his hand away. For a second, he thought he saw a flicker of disappointment in Sherlock's face. Before he could say something, John got up from the bed. “Coffee?”
Sherlock interrupted him before he could finish his sentence. “No. I’m going. End of discussion.” He walked past John and was about to step out of his room when John spoke quietly.
John let out a hollow laugh. “I could be wrong, but I think that’s none of your business.”
Suddenly, Sherlock realised what was going on. Nothing was real; he just had had a nightmare… It felt incredibly real, though. He screwed his eyes shut tightly and reached for his cheek with a trembling hand to wipe the tears away. He was gulping for air, fighting to keep the memories of his nightmare at bay, to not slip back into the horrible flashbacks that had disturbed him.
“I believe that the man in those pictures is Visar.”
Sherlock seemed surprised at himself. “Spot on then. I didn’t expect to be right about everything.” He paused and looked at John suspiciously. “But?”
The table is completely set, including lots of candles and glasses filled with red wine.
“Well, you know what I think, don’t you?” she said with a grin on her face. John didn’t miss her innuendo.
“What is it, then?” John fired back.
“I tried to dismantle Moriarty’s network.”
She looks up from her computer screen. “Yes?”
Some of the tension in Sherlock’s face faded. “Yes,” he replied softly.
“Well, I wasn’t. There’s a first time for everything.”
John's eye stuck on Sherlock, who was still vast asleep. Only now could John see what the many tubes and devices were for. A gastric feeding tube, two drains, a catheter, a central line and an artery line. His heartbeat and blood pressure were monitored continuously. For many people, this would be a frightening sight, but John found it reassuring. As a doctor, he knew that this meant that Sherlock was closely monitored. The fact that he had survived the first few hours without complications offered a proper perspective on full recovery.
Although he was lying with his back to the window, John could say for sure that Sherlock was the one who laid in that hospital bed. His dark curls and his long, slender body under the sheets were unmistakable. John felt his heart beat faster. Until now it could all have been a cruel joke, but now it was real. It really was him.
"Are you coming?"
John’s mind stopped racing abruptly when two piercing blue eyes looked directly at him. John gave Sherlock a small, comforting smile, although he hated to admit it maybe was more for himself than for Sherlock. The detective pleasantly surprised him by giving back a little, private smile, but it was only there for a second. After that, his smile faltered. John didn’t miss the pained, confused expression he had when he turned away. He was about to ask what was wrong, but he was interrupted by Sherlock’s name being called.
Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke for the first time. “There has to be a connection between the threats.”
And that was it. He grabbed Sherlock’s hands as tightly as he could, unwilling to let go of the man ever again. The little tug on his hands was all it took for John let himself go. He let his head fall against Sherlock’s chest, and for the first time, he allowed himself to lower the walls he kept around himself for two years.
"No," Sherlock interrupted. "Let go of me." His voice was shaking, and John saw the shimmer of fear across his face. This wasn't good. He looked scared, terrified even.
“Maybe, but admitting that makes me a terrible brother,” John grinned.
Woohoo, one week in and I’m having so much fun writing these :) Let me know what you guys think so far!
“Sherlock?” John tried. He really wanted to keep himself together, but his voice shook anyway. He didn’t get any response.
“Donovan, don’t open your mouth. You’ll just ruin our morning,” Sherlock said in a bored tone.
His best outcome would probably be to be very quick so they would be downstairs before the fire started to spread. But there would be a reason why the students didn’t come down in the first place. Maybe someone got scared or had trouble breathing. John would need to apply some first aid or calm them down before he could transfer them. That would take too long.
John sighed and let the tension he had been holding all day glide from his shoulders. He briefly hesitated before he put his other hand in Sherlock’s hair and started to fumble through it gently.
He turns around when he hears my gasp, gives a small smile and walks over to the kitchen. “I haven’t worn this suit in five years; I bought it for Mike’s wedding. I thought I could wear it to the dance, but I’m not sure,” he says and let his hands glide over the soft fabric of his jacket. “What do you think? Not too tight?”
It felt like the ground was swept from under his feet. Like he was punched in the gut, was held against his will, was being suffocated. He couldn’t move, his legs felt like led. A loud buzzing took over his hearing. He felt sick. A wave of nausea hit him, and it felt like he couldn’t breathe properly. Was this what a panic attack felt like? He wasn’t sure.
Thank you all so much for reading, commenting and supporting - it has been an absolute blast to write this! <3
“How did you manage that? That place is always fully booked.”
John looked at the man with amazement. “That would be great, sir!” The principal raised one eyebrow at him, and he corrected himself right away. “Sorry, I mean Greg,” he mumbled.
It was the third morning in a row John had woken up like this. After Sherlock told him he was afraid to sleep alone, John had decided it would be best to sleep in the same bed, and it was the best decision he had made so far. Not only did he get the chance to be close to Sherlock and keep an eye on him, but Sherlock had slept like a baby from the moment they laid in bed together.
“If this is doing the best you can, your best is clearly not enough. I’m warning you, doctor Watson. You need to step up your game. If you can’t, I need to admit him.” Dr. Wilson glared at him for a moment. “And we both know how much fun it would be for everyone involved, don’t we?”
“What? I’m just happy you too get along so well,” Mike grinned.
The door of the main entrance swung open, and the two kids ran outside and immediately ran towards Lestrade and the rest of the small group that stood around him and before Sherlock knew it, he was walking towards them. It was clear to him that someone gave them instructions on what they should do when they got out, and only one person could’ve done that. A rush of relief went through his body. That meant that John still was ok.
