Peter looked at it like he had just witnessed magic.
”Such harsh words, T. You make it sound as if you wouldn’t cry yourself to sleep, missing me, if I was gone.”
. Every bad thing that had ever happened to him, but he couldn’t react to back then.
He was about to go and get ready to sleep too, when Steve spoke up behind him.
did you just do?” Tony wanted to run a mile or two. He wanted to finish the amour to protect the world, plans he had buried somewhere in his files. And he wanted Steve back. He wanted to run over to Steve and tell him that it was real, over and over again till they both were certain.
He didn’t know how to act now that he had a glimpse at that.
This had been the final straw for Steve and Tony could be sure of one thing. This won’t be easy. Maybe impossible.
He couldn’t stop, and if he was the only person going down in this storm then was that something he could very well excuse.
Instead he settled to not start his Trying without promises he couldn't keep.
That was probably the reason why he shot Rogers a smug grin instead of an understanding one, when he walked into Tony’s room later on.
? It was easy to answer actually, even though they all didn’t want to hear it. It wasn’t romantic or sweet, it was as easy as it came. He wanted answers. He
To show this warmth that he couldn’t care less.
Peter nodded in agreement, excitedly.
“Howard, he is never sad, or disappointed. He makes a fuss when he doesn’t get treats, but he is not angry or desperate. He never threw a tantrum; he wasn’t happy when he got the toy car he wanted. All the other children were sad when their parents left them on the first day of school, but he just walked away. I am telling you, there is something wrong with him.”
No time to talk around whatever she wanted, he was busy. He also couldn’t risk to have a conversation with her about
. Because Tony had known okay, he knew that today was their one year anniversary, but he forgot it, too deep in research and neurological testing, and he just didn’t think about it.
Tony sat down on his bed, avoiding Steve and Peter, just needing to think for a bit. A tiny bit of silence.
Every conversation they had was purely about missions and little things one had to discuss when living together. But Tony really tried to keep even those talks as minimal  as possible. Distance was the only thing he had; Steve had taken everything else.
He nodded again and again, looking at his friend, now with tears in his eyes. Yes, he was
before playing a full plate in front of his best friend.
this house with us, you are a member of
”Spiders,” Tony said breathless, also getting Peter’s attention, who abandoned his cereal to raise his light eyebrows at Tony.
Steve made him feel weirdly good and weirdly home.
”You are kidding, right? Tony, we talked about this. Humor has a line that it shouldn’t cross. This is not funny.”
In his defense, he had always been an asshole. Saying sorry had never been his strong suit, so why start now.
Too little to trust anyone right now, as far as he cared.
We don’t know anything but the obvious
Rogers had no idea who he was, so who was he to judge whether or not he was better than his father? What did he even know about all of this?
Tony grinned slightly, feeling hope flood through himself, too.
He had been a grumpy drunk, just like he remembered being.
Yet another person, who betrayed
Tony pointedly ignored the little voice inside his head telling him that it had always been worse for him to see others hurt than to be hurt himself.
And the worst thing? She didn’t immediately know that it wasn’t him. Could that even be? Could she really not tell the difference? Did he really behave like an asshole this often that she couldn’t tell when it was him speaking and when it was an actual
They sat together in silence for a few hours, while Tony felt sad for everything in his life. From the first day of pre school, where he had lost one of his play cars, to the very moment right now, all filled with sadness.
The doctor had told him that he had been in a car accident and seemed to have taken quite a hit. Tony only scoffed at the remark and kept starring blankly. Harwich also said that he could go home in the morning but needed to come for check ups every other day, to make sure his brain didn’t start bleeding.
wait oh. She cared because it was
Steve seemed to have seen the change in Tony’s posture, because after Peter finished his reading lesson, Steve got up quietly, ruffling Peter’s hair, but didn’t say anything.
“You — it wasn’t lying?” Steve huffed out after a few more moments of silence. And hell, did Tony wish that he had said anything but that.
But oh, just how much Tony wished she wouldn’t have. Thinking about anything but work hurt and he couldn’t see past that.
but didn’t comment anything further, “Yes, you do, I did too. But I — I can feel it. And you don’t have a reason to believe me, okay, I spent my whole life making people believe what they wanted to believe, smiling and crying when I was supposed to but this — this is the first real thing I have ever felt in my entire life. I have been through years of feeling nothing and then feeling every damn
Kids always sounded so pouty. Tony cringed once more. His mind was nothing but a blank. How the hell do you tell a kid that you would rather walk trough hell than read a nighty night story?
“That’s not fair,” he’s saying, “that’s not even equal. That’s not – even, doesn’t make sense – “
“Ah-ah,” he chides, “you’re not sleepy, power on through now, c’mon. I asked you a question, Tony. I said, do you remember me?”
Is that a compliment? Tony shuffles slightly on Steve’s knees, impatient.
“People like who?” Steve presses. “HYDRA?”
So Tony sighs, can’t help it, really. Could you blame him? He can feel himself, hard and wet. “Asshole,” he breathes.
“No other girlfriends, lovers? No other partners at all?”
Steve looks up at him.
He loses himself to it. The scratch of his pencil on the paper, the way Tony’s face takes shape. Beautiful, perfect.
“I need – to ask you a favour,” Tony manages at the end of the walk.
“Not Steve?”
He wishes he could be one of them.
It sets a strange tension Tony has been carrying with him at ease. Peter’s fine. He’s got the team. And the team — doesn’t need Tony anymore, because it has Peter.
“I’m sorry if, uh. If me leaving like that, if it left you with some – unanswered questions, or if you were hurt – “
Steve gently wipes the soft cotton against his eyes. “Keep them shut,” he says quietly. “Head back. That’s it.” He pushes the pad against his skin, drags it slowly. And again. Repetitive motion.
Steve talks to him as they walk but a lot of it goes over his head, he just smiles and nods, smiles and nods, smiles and nods. The leaves are a swish-crunch under his boots. The air feels bitingly cold but his coat is warm, and so are his pants. Steve tells him that Natasha bought this coat from a store that specialises in arctic wear, and Tony is glad, because he’s never warm anymore.
Time ticks on. Still, no one talks.
“No,” Pierce accepts. “My point is, alpha like that, From Stark – maybe you didn’t know what you were getting into, really. How well do you know him?”
“Get up,” she says, brusquely.
Stop it, stop, enough. Pull yourself together, Tony, it wasn’t as bad as all that. It does no one any good to think about these things, and it’s no good telling tales, you just make it worse. Who is going to believe him when they see those pictures, the lines of coke, the stupid fucking crystal tumblers and the ashtrays? Worse than a laughing-stock – you think MIT are going want you – no, you think SHIELD is going to want this on their plate, it’s a disgrace, it’s –
“A few – a couple days, I guess.” Tony hasn’t left his bed in a while. Not since that night, with the drawings.
“I don’t know. Half the fun is not having to rely on cheap gimmicks. You should be able to shut me up without a gag, Rogers.”
Steve different, he thinks, as he pushes himself up.
When Tony wakes, it’s just turning light outside.
“You want to kiss me,” Pierce says, voice low, quiet. Tony doesn’t even know if he’s speaking. He thinks, maybe the voice is everything. Maybe even, the voice is coming from inside of his head. “
Steve pulls out, twists Tony’s hips, manhandles him onto his back. He pinches one of his cheeks, pats it lightly. “You’re all red,” he smirks.
“She was fine. She talks about you a lot, it’s weird. I mean — you know, because she isn’t real. I mean she’s an AI. Anyway, it shut down last week and — it’s pretty vital. I fiddled around with it but it wasn’t going to let me in. I was wondering…”
“I mean,” he snorts, hearing himself grow cruel,
He turns his head. Steve is lying on his front, hands pillowed beneath his cheek. There’s a machinegun by his hands for easy access, but Tony has never known him to use a gun. Barnes’ probably. Tony ignores the stupid, ineffectual, spike of jealousy. Steve chose Barnes over Tony. Tony chose Pepper over Steve.
Steve tells himself, slowly. He should learn the name. Put the face to memory. Scared as it is, this is the boy who – Tony had said,
“You’re not deluded. I just don’t like seeing you hurt.”
“I guess I just – you’re alpha, Steve. I needed to push those boundaries. The fact that you were struggling, I don’t know, I can be an ass.”
The alpha petting him twists, cups his throat. He’s smiling. His face is blurry, but Tony can make out his lips. He lifts his chin to kiss him, if that’s what he wants. The alpha puts his fingers in his mouth. “Do you know why you’re here?” He teases, stroking his cheek with his thumb.
“Obviously. As much as you can. But the clothes stay on.”
“Try.”
Steve fucks into him. It’s brutal. There is no prep. Tony is wet enough, because would you believe, tales about dirty, bratty omegas being stripped and spanked kinda does something for him, but still. It’s the principle. Tony wants to say something witty, like maybe,
Tony is silent for a time, considering. “Why would I not want to?” He asks, measured.
“Don’t pretend you care. Where’s Pierce?”
incriminating, just because…”
Which is when he becomes aware of a soft moan. Steve turns, spins rapidly, neck cracking with the force of it but can’t find anyone, he is alone.
Tony rests his head softly onto Steve's shoulder, stares up at the moon. It's the same one Diana would have stared at, all those hundreds of years ago. The same one Gus would have seen on the nights he stood here as a child. The elders, even, when they first lifted their heads to the sky, they all saw the same thing. Old and omnipresent, the same night throughout all the age. The light that would have guided all of them, once.
Natasha looks back at him from where she was checking her watch. "'Yes' what?"
“I hope you’re not expecting a present.”
Steve nods. The others are coming, now. Sam has landed, Wanda drifted down to earth. Quill and his team, T’Challa and his sister, all of them. “Oh, no,” he hears someone murmur, so softly.
Despite herself, Nebula smiles, hardened, sharpened, with teeth. “Perhaps.”
Richards’ eyes widen, he jolts, stepping back. “You – “ he starts, “you leave me be. I’ve done nothing wrong, you hear me? It was years ago,
“You really think that?”
“I’ll look over it,” Tony lies, distractedly. Steve’s jaw is stiff, his shoulders are tense. The tips of his ears are turning pink.
They don’t let him meet people in the lounge anymore, but his guests can always come to his solitary room. He settles himself in the corner to prepare. Who could it be? Natasha, maybe. Or Pepper. Hell, not Wanda again, fuck.
“You’re just so… so… solid. You don’t even know how much I trust you, Steve. You don’t even realise how little I trust alphas in general.”
Tony smacks away his grip. “You can try,” he shoots back. “You have a lot of nerve, touching me here.”
“Any way I can show you my thanks,” Tony sighs, letting his head tip back against the wall. “Whatever you want, Captain.”
“Not true. If you loved me, you would have – helped me.”
Tony groans, hides his face in the pillow, regrets it when the bandage on his throat gets caught in the fibres. “Fucking hell,” he mutters, debating. He sniffs himself; disgusting. His hair is stuck up at odd angles, he’d had a nightmare and sweat through his shirt. “Doesn’t he know I’m busy?”
It wouldn’t be hard, he thinks, to leave. He wouldn’t owe either of them anything, not Fury, not Rogers. He could stand up, start walking, hit the edge of town in the next half hour. He’d be in his tower by dawn.
A lot of other cards have his name. His picture. Steve Rogers, the traitor. Captain Asshole. His face with the eyes crossed out, facist written across his forehead, an upside down cross pinned on his cheek. It’s a bit much, Steve thinks. It’s a funeral.
It’s Bucky’s idea, actually. Bucky mentions it because he’d always wanted a dog, but was allergic. Steve remembers this well from when they were kids; allergic was probably putting it mildly. Bucky could cough himself into a vomiting fit if around loose hair for too long, and although he loved dogs (still does), it was just never feasible. The same way that despite everything the serum’s done for Steve, he can’t seem to shake hayfever, Bucky never got over his old allergy, and so had to decline the donation of a new puppy that the veterens society had tried to donate.
“Steve doesn’t keep secrets. Not from me.”
“Don’t,” Tony says again, but he doesn’t mean it.  Steve lifts his leg, scrapes his nails against the sole of his foot, laughs when Tony laughs. He kisses Tony’s ankle, the delicate joint. Tony sighs. And then his finger trails a soft circle around the skin, over the foot, behind it. He realises.
“It would be better for you if you were naked,” Steve tries to bargain.
That being said, he does have a cruel side. So do you. I’ve seen it, I’ve seen how you talk to people you do not like, to people you consider beneath your notice. That is not necessarily a bad thing. People have bad sides. And you'll need it. I know your father plans on leaving you his estate, naming you heir. You'll need to be cruel, Tony, and you'll need to have a kick. And maybe it was my place to teach you that but, I have already mentioned, as a mother my talents are lacking.
Tony nods. “Yes.”
“This was
“I’m sorry, about your Captain,” Pierce tells him, genuinely regretful. “He’ll be dead soon. Or at least – the man you knew will be dead fairly shortly. An unfortunate turn of events,” he sighs.
“I know it’s different for rich people. I mean – for people with money, and lineage, and empires. Tale as old as time. I know some people say, it’s kinder to bond you as soon as you have your first heat, but fifteen was young even by standards in my day – “
Instead, Tony lays his hand against Steve’s chest. He smells his lust scent, low-key and simmering throughout their conversation, ratchet up. His pupils expand. His breath is forcefully long and low. “When’s the last time someone touched
Tony nods. He inches closer, drags himself forward, fingers in Pierce’s vest.
“We won,” Nick tells him, “and Rogers is fine.”
Steve had still loved Tony. With everything he had, maybe.
So responsive, they say, when Tony doesn’t fight back.
“I tried!” Tony sobs. “I warned them! I warned them! I told them! I tried so long to make them understand – “
Tony smiles, hazy. As if he didn’t already know that. Still, it’s sweet Steve thought to enlighten him. “You’re a good man, Rogers,” he sighs, folding himself against his side.
“No thank you,” Tony mumbles. His hands are shaking so badly, Steve wants to still them with his own, cover them completely. “Am I allowed to be alone?” He asks “Ever?”
Tony remembers it. All that hope. Steve, with his gentle smiles and warm hands. He tips back his head, closes his eyes, luxuriates in the memory.
“No. I meant physically. I already told you, Steve, my stock was damaged. Lots of me was damaged. You can’t kiss every fucking scar, and you shouldn’t want to. I like you. I love this. But I’m not going to delude you into thinking I can give you what you want, because I can’t. Not emotionally, not physically.”
"Honestly," Steve says, looking down at him. "I think we'll be okay."
Steve stands by the couch, looming. “I don’t know,” he shrugs. “I don’t see why we shouldn’t. Had fun last time, didn’t you?”
Asleep. In Pierce’s bed. “I don’t know, zoned out, or whatever.”
“Two nights ago you asked if I wanted ice in my drink, then laughed and said, ‘oh, of course not, how stupid of me’.”
“Would you like to sit?” Fury asks, neutrally.
Tony raises his brows. Giggles. “Wait til – “
“Shh,” Steve chides, distracted. “I come home, and – “
“Do something,” he urges, grinding his ass against the front of Steve’s pants, “you just gonna – gonna stand there?”
Steve bumps his brow against Tony’s. “Well it’s alright now, isn’t it?” He says, softly. Tony nods. Let’s his head fall against Steve’s shoulder.
Tony, stop. You’re allowed to have friends. You’re allowed to have friends who aren’t Steve. Look, Sarah likes you. She does like us, Tony. Why else would she want to go for a walk? You think she does that with all her patients?
“Pierce is here already?” Steve asks distractedly, searching the crowd. “I’ll go find out what our fearless leader needs. Tony, I’ll – meet you there,” he says, absently patting his arm.
“I can’t – you don’t understand,” Tony mutters. “I can’t work – out there. People would – I can’t have that life. I want it, God, do I want it. But it won’t happen for me now, not after everything I’ve done.”
“I don’t think you’re an alcoholic, I think you’re weird. Stop before you vomit all over yourself.”
Bruce and Natasha are talking. Imagine, they still have each other. What luck, what joy. Who does Tony have? What’s left?
Steve seems to accept this. “You don’t have a tree,” he points out.
"I -- ah, Jesus Steve," Tony groans, "I fucking loved you, you know? And you had to go and -- you had to go and screw the pooch. You screwed it, Stevie, I love you, but -- "
Tony slurs.
Steve runs his fingers over Tony’s stretched bottom lip, inhales heavily. “I just like the idea of it,” he says. “You all quiet, having to just – deal with it,” he smirks. Two fingers sit heavy on Tony’s tongue. “Do you want to suck them for me?”
“I have – my wife. My son, they’ll be wondering – “
A moan; then, hands on his back.
Tony crumples. He sits on the side of the bed, hands over his face, shoulders tight and – his mouth pressed into a line, breathing heavy, a low whine at the back of his throat which means –
“What? No! I meant – paparazzi, you know. Photographers,” Tony clarifies, “journalists, people who make money off that kinda thing. Maybe one of the guests had a bet, Jesus.”
“Did you have something to do with this?” He takes the crumpled paper from his pocket, lays it out on the dash. “Dear Mr Stark,” he begins. “I hope you do not mind the informality of me writing, but I thought it was best you hear it from me before the official proceedings hit the press. As of the day I am writing, May 15th, 2018, you are to receive a lump sum of — a big number of zeros. Did you do this?”
“You know,” Pierce sighs, crouching low, flicking ash, “the worst part is, there’ll be some warm sunshine this evening but cloud increasing overnight, with a few outbreaks of rain possible later in the night, minimum temperature 40.”
“For wo – for
Steve wraps a large hand around Tony’s; his knuckles seem extra prominent. He wants to tell Tony no, that he’ll never have to see or speak to anyone ever again if that’s what it takes to make him happy again, that they can move to the mountains and live their lives as hermits as long as Tony promises he won’t ever, ever try to take his life again. But he owes Tony the truth. “You’ll have to see them eventually,” he says quietly.
“How about your woman. Dahmer.”
Tony nods rapidly, stares at his shoes. “That one,” he mutters, fast. He keeps scuffing his shoe against the ground.
“I think the kiss cleared that up. No one was going to tell me
For one terrifying moment, Steve had thought Tony wasn’t going to respond. But then he had lowered his head, and fought back tears, and said, “I love you, I love you. I love you too much, Steve.”
Tony’s an idiot, probably, but his curiosity gets the better of him. Something so secret even Nick Fury couldn’t tell him what it is. “Biological weapon?” Tony asks, popping the cap.
“Good. That’s the point.”
“We would like to have you,” Steve tries, one last time. “It would be good to have you back on the team.”
Steve gets it. He half smiles, lays down his hand. “I’m in,” he says, picking up the tumbler, pouring the man another finger. “Tony,” he says, “you slept with him, huh?”
His face. Oh.
Tony wants to say,
“What, last year? I was drunk.”
“Like you care.”
“Does Steve — uh. Does he — “
After Tony had secured their pardons, he had been one of the official welcome team that had stood outside the White House to usher Steve, Clint, Sam, Wanda, Natasha, Bucky and Scott back home.
“I’m sorry I didn’t catch you yesterday,” she says, not meeting his eye. Her hair is tied back neatly in a ponytail, her shirt and skirt spotless. This woman is so flawless, he can understand what attracted Tony to her all those years ago. Just looking at her makes you feel like you have your life together, even though you can tell she’s been crying, and she keeps laughing at inopportune moments. “It was so busy, what with the traffic.”
“Sure,” Tony says, resting his hand on his chin, wincing slightly when he fucks more into his wall than his channel. He thinks this was probably a mistake. He thinks, his therapist is going to kill him.
As usual I love comments about how you think Gus and Diana are playing out! I adore every comment I get, they literally make my day.
Tony goes heavy against his hand, relaxes entirely against him, the words pushing him under just that little bit more.
Tony is quiet, Steve’s breathing ragged down the line. “I agree,” he says eventually.
“I think about your body a lot, you know,” Steve says, casually, like that isn’t the hottest thing Tony’s ever heard. “You distract me even when you’re not here.”
It’s rustic, Tony thinks to himself. Cells (cages) line the sandy coloured walls. The floor is cobbled stone. Braziers light the walls, throwing deep shadows and creating sharp contrasts. Turn the corner, and there is the place where the torture really happens. The room is L-shaped, so that Diana can keep her victims and the actual act separate.
he thinks, focuses on the name.
“Did you ever meet Loki? Did you ever see him? He was a bit like you. Insane. Desperate. Old.” Tony laughs, and empty, cold thing, and lays his cheek onto the stone “he was far worse than you were, Diana. He had seen things that would make you scream. You really think you’re something special? That you’re scary, or better, then I have news for you. I’ve seen people from other planets. At the end of the day, you’re just one more person floating on a rock in space.”
The next chapter might be a while? I'm not sure, I am having a lot of fun writing but still, real life beckons. I'll see if maybe I can avoid it a bit longer.
Steve had shoved his hands in his pockets. “Well — I’m going to bed, then.”
“You know,” Tony recovers, batting away his hand, “I just assumed you were a virgin.”
He’s whistling as he makes his way to the elevator, up the stairs. Fuck, he hopes Natasha hasn’t cooked. Not that he’ll ever say that to her face, it’s just she’s terrible. Soviet Russia, apparently, sucks the fun out of food.
"So you agree."
“Say it,” Steve says, voice more gentle, one hand now
“I’d like to think so.”
Steve shuts his eyes, rubs his face. “I was hurting you, Tony,” he mutters, “more than you realise.”
“Yeah?”
Steve sighs. "He'll be fine." He says to the doctor "We have experience we this sort of thing."
Sarah is staring at him, like he’s a ghost, or he’s grown an extra head. “But Tony,” she whispers, “why would you go back there?”
And then, he pinches the bridge of his nose, woozy. “God,” he mutters, “my head is…” he trails off. He shoulders start to shake; Steve thinks, is he crying for me? And then he realises: laughing.
But he sees it out of the corner of his eye, and then he turns to look. It’s the big billboard that’s been up since Tony built the tower, the one with his smiling face and ‘Stark Industries: building the future for New York city’ written in bold font.
his number; he doesn’t just
Five days after the start of Tony’s major depressive episode, Sam and Steve pack him into the back of a car. He doesn’t ask where they’re going, just rests his head against the window and watches his breath fog the glass. Their first stop is the clinic; the psychiatrist sits with Tony and asks him questions about how his meds made him feel, why he wanted to stop taking them, what are the side effects, and why won’t he get out of bed. Tony answers, barely; most are to the vein of ‘I want to die’.
“If they know you’re a dirty bitch, they start to think bad of us, too. Think we’re loose. They think I can’t control you.”
"Not like," Tony smiles, loose and happy "not like last time."
There’s a kid frantically waving his hand, trying to push past the crowds of people. He gives one man a shove and he goes flying, cursing and knocking into six others. “WAIT, MR ROGERS! YOU KNOW ME! I’M FROM QUEENS! I’M FROM — “
“Yes,” she says eventually, tipping back her head, dabbing at her eyes with a napkin, “yeah, no. It was true. I just wanted him to know,” she’s nodding. “To have that, you know? I didn’t want him to be – “ her throat seems to close around the word, “ – s-scared.”
“It’s just, from where I’m standing, you’re more like a damn time-waster with a bone to pick. I don’t know why. Maybe you just like the attention.”
“I wasn’t. Until I met you.”
One morning, there’s a knock at the door. This could mean anything. It could be the man who delivers their groceries, or another salesman. There’s no reason for it to be anyone Tony knows. It doesn’t have to be.
“Then tomorrow I’ll come later,” she says. “We’ll take Mosely out, try some throwing and catching. That is, if you’re up for it?”
“Yeah but I’m…” Tony thinks of Steve, way back when. That seems like decades ago. His whole life feels gelatinous, stretched out like glue. The long years of his childhood, then youth, all the way up to cave. None of that feels real. And then these last ten years…
“It’s alright, now,” Steve says like he’s soothing a nervy horse. He strokes one hand against the side of Tony’s neck, right down to his shoulder. “We should be allowed to talk about this, right? It’s not like it’s a secret. And you’re very important, Tony. Absolutely vital.”
Strange sets down the teapot, delicately. "It was a team-effort," he says. "I was always very aware it wouldn't work without all of you."
Tony cracks open his eyes, smiles softly. “Steve,” he mumbles, sighing when he ducks down to kiss his brow. “You’re back. And you’re all… wet.”
"So." Tony says "Let's start again. You told me, last night, that you were looking into counselling. Why."
Tony groans. His head feels so full, fit to burst. He draws up his knees, digs his palms into his eyes. “Can you – can you call Steve?” He manages, and his legs give out, he slumps back against the wall, limbs like heavy weights. “I’m not feeling so good.”
“Imagine. If only you had changed him when you had the chance,” she says, reaching for a blood filled goblet “then he could still be alive.”
Of course, now he’s with Pepper, and that’s all dust between his fingers.
He looks up at Steve from under his lashes. He’s not
“You had a bad dream,” Steve says, lowly. “You’re exhausted, you’re still wounded. Tensions are running high, Tony. You’re not crazy. I would worry if you didn’t have any emotion at all.”
“Earth has lost its greatest defender,” he says.
Steve pulls his hips higher, slaps his ass until he learns to spread his legs wider. Harder, faster. Tony moans, grinds back. He’s hard, still, his body caught up in Steve’s scent. The pleasure is different, almost constant.
“He’s a good man.”
“I’m Steve,” he corrects, automatically. “Bruce?!”
“What did you think I could do that you couldn’t?”
Steve’s thigh is hot against his groin. “Control you,” he confirms.
“Captain,” Fury says, shaking his hand. “It’s been a long time.”
“I don’t think you do,” Steve says lightly, fixing his hand on Tony’s nape, steering him through SHIELD hallways. “You will, by the time I’m finished.”
let me die – “
but he feels good in Steve’s arms. “Maybe a little,” he slurs, letting his head roll against his arms.
He was never vain to begin with. Don’t let it be misconstrued for vanity. Being attractive is important. He got a lot done when he was attractive. It’s was his mask, a shield.
Pierce wrinkles his nose. “Oh, Tony. Even if it did, I wouldn’t have blamed you, knowing what I know. It’s not the impulse that concerns me, it’s the fact he… it was a particularly bad business. A
“You told Fury, I hadn’t earned my place. Which I take to mean you think you have, and that I’ve – what, Tony? Taken yours?”
Tony beams. “Really? That’s — hey, that’s great!”
“I should,” Tony frowns, rubs his nose, absently. “Call Steve. We have a date.”
“You look like you used to.”
“Look at me,” Steve says, hushed. “Tony, look at me. Just look at me.”
Tony is chewing his thumb so hard he can taste blood. This is a hospital. This is a hospital? He’s insane, isn’t he? He has to be. The doctor keeps talking, kind and soft and it makes Tony want to scream. He digs his teeth in harder, feels the burst of pain, and then the doctor is trying to pull his hand away from his mouth.
It’s pretty fucking obvious early on that Steve is not going to have any consideration for Tony’s pleasure. He fucks him. Relentless, with no pause for breath, fucks him into the cold, dirty floor. He pulls at Tony’s hair, pulls back his head, makes him bare his throat and
“How so?”
His arms slam into the wall, fast, fencing him in. “If you hadn’t turned me down,” he simpers. “Just think of the beautiful babies. Think of the
She sighs. “But as far as you can be, I mean – would you be happier somewhere else?”
“And then home,” Tony agrees.
“I figured.”
But it was worth it for the rolled eyes and sneer whenever his parents saw it. Like he’d done something they didn’t like, for himself, and that made it good.
Tony sighs. “Very little upsets me, Commander. I just – hope that he’s, uh.” He clears his throat. “Working for people who have his interests at heart. I wouldn’t want him… put in harm’s way.”
Steve’s cheeks flush. “That fun, huh?”
she spits, “to get any sense out of him. I had to fly the ship back myself, he’s worse than useless. The wizard traded an
“I figured,” he says, as levelly as he can, probably. “Still. There’s a difference between liking it rough and – Natasha told me she saw you come in earlier. And now you’re drinking.”
Peter blinks. “Oh,” he says, carefully. “Uh…”
“Other than the occasional masturbation,” Tony says seriously. And regrets it almost immediately when Steve doesn’t laugh, or smile, or – react, in any discernible way.
“You don’t want to hear it. Trust me, Tony, you don’t want to – you won’t.”
"I -- " Tony smiles "sure. Whatever you say, Sir."
“If you had stuck your ground neither of you would be dead.”
“Like me? No, fuck that sounds awful. But I mean that the whole concept – ”
But scenting Pierce, the panic that should accompany the memory never comes. He mumbles. “Hmm?” Pierce prompts.
the crazy one. All the years Tony’s been on this earth and not a single person ever did the decent thing – the right thing, to demand reparations in his name. Steve would have demanded blood. He would have taken it, if he had been there, and Tony had been his. This isn’t insanity, this is nature, this is the most natural thing. Richards is only getting what he’s owed.
“You should have let someone else handle it.”
He cheeks don’t even flush when he says: “Because I’ve looked them up. I was trying to think, what could be
“It’s a lady friend,” one of the younger nurses says with a smile. “You know, you really are lucky to have so many people who care about you.”
Beeping, buzzing – is he in hospital? A doctor tries to push water to his lips and Tony turns his head, stares at him from the corners of his eyes, where is he? What’s happening? Where is he now?
Tony barely remembers, he was so souped up on adrenalin. “Doesn’t hurt so bad.”
Strange smirks. "Sure," he drawls. "Well, good luck, Captain. Not that my opinion should matter anything to you but -- you deserve it. Peace, I mean," he adds, softly.
Tony does. He mouths along Steve’s clothed thigh until he reaches the heat between his legs, hard, expecting. He meets his eyes. Steve just watches him.
Tony had reached for Steve with the fierceness of a parched man drinking water. The first time Steve rested his hands on Tony’s tired shoulders, squeezed slightly, asked if he was alright, Tony melted like wax under a flame. He had no resistance. Steve was what he wanted. And his enthusiasm bolstered Steve, made him think he could exist in a world where Tony was still his lover and Bucky his friend.
“Aren’t I Stark now?”
Tony mocks, mimicking. “Who gives a fuck? It’s my fault, probably. I lived, right? No one else to take the blame, so – “
“Yes,” he near hisses in response “yes, Tony, don’t you understand? I have Bucky, and Bucky is safe, and that’s all I wanted. That’s all I wanted for him. But I never stopped loving you, and I never stopped – hoping. I never…” Steve trails off. He pauses, collects himself; clears his throat.
“No. You were confused.”
he tries to say with his eyes.
“It upsets me, the idea of you waiting in the…” he smacks his lips, “in the rain.”
“For you?”
make smile. I was starting to wonder.”
Pierce raises an eyebrow. “If you insist,” he says, in a way that means he’s wrong. “You might think I’m being – forward. Sorry, if I am. You grow pretty accustomed to these kind of talks when you work in this area as long as I do. You’d be surprised how many men we’ve let go because they couldn’t separate the personal from the public.”
“You made him happy,” she soothes. “And any time where he’s happy – give him a future he deserves. It’s too late for us here, but maybe…” her eyes drift to where Morgan is playing, oblivious, with the holograms on her father’s work-station.
Steve’s eyes flick up. “You all are,” he says. “I know things are different now. I’m not stupid. But I am your alpha, whether you like or not.”
Tony digs the groove of his nails into the palm of his hands. It’s the one thing Steve forgets, he keeps forgetting to keep Tony’s nails short. It’s not like he can really do any damage, but it quiets Them, it just – focuses him, that short spurt of not even pain, just tingles. And hey, isn’t is good for him to practice clenching his hands like that? If anyone asks, he’ll just tell them he’s trying to strengthen his grip and can’t really feel his palms anymore anyway.
He’s started waiting up for him. He’s not sure why. Maybe because he feels sorry for him, or he likes goading him, likes ruining that itchingly perfect façade. Maybe, it’s because he can’t sleep these days, and every night there’s a wormhole in the dark behind his eyelids, pulsing and growing and twisting bright blue and black.
"Yes you did." The doctor says kindly. "Can you put your feet in the slippers? That's it. Captain, you can come in now."
He bites down, abruptly. Tony swallows a sharp moan, exhales heavily instead. His eyes are shut, his head tipped back; Steve runs over the bite with his tongue, sucks hard, the swell of skin against his lips bordering into pain.
And he’d be free, in a sense. Not just to fuck who he wants, or do what he wants – he’d be free of the stitching that binds him here, keeps him in place. If he let go it in his heart, it would break him, but he’d never have to worry. Not about what Steve thinks of him, his hair, his clothes, but also about
Tony frowns. There’s an alpha in his bubble. “What,” he says, shortly, “to science conventions?”
Steve looks at him like he’s crazy. “Tony, we’re all used for things.”
“You’ll get him nice and fat with your pups,” Pierce says pleasantly, “he’ll be happy, that way, you know he would. A good position – high commander? General supreme? It’s up to you, Captain. It’s all at the tips of your fingers, if you want it.”
he thinks drowsily, and loses the train of thought.
“What about Bucky?” He mumbles, pressing his nose against Tony’s jaw.
Thor’s warning is fresh in his mind. Tony would not be the same man if he was brought back. That it would be abhorrent, re-writing nature. But if Steve got to live, and Bucky got to live, and they were dragged past death kicking and screaming, why not Tony?
“Yeah, we never had a safeword anyway.”
“So, what are you going to do about it?” Tony pushes his free hand into the panties, cups himself. Shivers.
There’s a long silence, after that. Then:
Good, Steve replies.
“I stayed there, after. I fed.”
“I – I don’t know your name,” the human asks. “Your sister – “
“There is no one here,” Thor says, simply, “who would not be corrupted by that gauntlet. It ruins. I will destroy it, as well as any man that wears it. It brings no good into the world.”
“There was a tussle. Loki got away, but he broke the cube. Here – this was inside,” he says, taking Tony’s wrist just to feel his skin, placing it in his palm. “It should go to Asgard,” he weighs in. “It’s better off earth. Safer. Less people to come knocking.”
“Strange, but not the weirdest. There are some people who like – “
“Wanting to help my friend doesn’t mean I stopped loving you, or that I loved him more.”
“Bruce? Yes, I’m Bruce, I’m – “
you if you leave!”
Steve thinks, again: an awful way to die.
“Rope? Is that all?”
if that doesn’t hit every single masochistic button Tony has. He takes away his fingers and rests them on the ground, leaning his weight on his hands and sucking the tip of Steve cock. He takes him down in one, feels him at the back of his throat, almost – almost – enough to trigger his gag reflex.
Tony nods, eager. He's so soft like this, so content, no crisis in his head, nothing keeping him on his toes. When Steve draws his thumb over his plump, wet lips, he gazes up at him adoringly, allowing him to slip in two fingers for sucking. Tony lathers them with his tongue, mindless to the mess he's making. He would hate to be like this at any other time, wet with drool and flushed with sweat, but now, all he has on his mind is Steve.
He sits back on his heels, draws a hand across his sloppy chin. “I’m sorry,” he rasps, eyes cast down, voice like a truck across gravel, “I hope you accept my – “ he has to cough, come at the back of his throat, “my reparation,” he finishes, massaging his throat.
“Yeah.”
“Wait, wait,” Tony blurts, opening the car door.
Two steps over the threshold into a dank stairwell, and Steve’s fist is in his hair, pushing him forward. “You think your behaviour back there was conducive to a good work environment, Tony?”
warning for reference to past sexual assault
“Didn’t feel well.”
I am not excusing his actions. I am writing this letter, right now, because he just smashed a bottle over your head because he sent away Jarvis. There is no way to express on paper how sorry I am. I am sorry that Jarvis had to go because I know you loved him, and I know he loved you, and I know your father loved him, too. I don’t know how much you know about that, Tony, but read into it what you will. Your father sent him away with good reason, although I think it broke his heart to do so. He smashed the bottle over your head because you told him the truth, Tony. You showed him what a bitter old man he has become.
Steve replies, what have you done to him.
Tony stopped humming in the mornings.
Steve twitches. “No,” he says, abruptly, inputs the number on the keypad. It hisses, unlocks, easy as. He knows what’s inside, mostly; trinkets, odds and ends. Bucky is watching him.
“Rogers,” he smiles, resting a hand on his arm. “I’ve been looking for you.”
“Then why didn’t you — “ Tony’s breath hitches, and he has to cover his face with his hands.
Steve pockets the one of Tony in bed. It reminds him of their lazy mornings. He wishes he’d had the forethought to take his own pictures, before it was too late.
Steve, who is.
He grips Tony’s wrist, hard, unyielding, tsks. “You’ll have to try better than that, Stark,” he grits out, squeezing and squeezing.
“I’m not sure he got what he wanted.” Tony isn’t in the mood to talk. He crosses his arms, stares at the window.
“And what have you got to show me that’s so special?”
Tony doesn’t want to think about that. “Maybe.”
“Steve, you’re killing the moment.”
“When people talk about me, do they say – you’re a clever guy, Tony. Or, you’re so beautiful, Tony. Or do they say, you were
Fury crosses his arms. “If I were making the decisions,” he says, shortly, “I’d have kept you as far away from this place as possible.”
Steve is holding his throat. Squeezing. “Bad,” he grunts again, shaking him slightly. Tony shivers, gripped, vulnerable.
He finds himself, lying face down on the ground. Pokes him with his toes. “Hey,” he starts, “wake up.”
matter to me. It’s not even about the sex, or the relationship,
“Of course you don’t,” Steve says, flicking the lighter, igniting the tip. “Anymore,” he adds, inhaling once, then lets his hand relax above Richard’s head; some ash tickles his hair.
"Nothing."
Tony leans back in his chair, narrows his eyes. “What do you want?”
Nebula knows the feeling.
Tony shakes his head.
But I am aware of how wrong this is. And am aware that this is sick. That’s why I am writing this letter.
I mean you all knew he wasn't going to actually stay dead so
Tony nods, but he’s looking past his shoulder. “Yeah,” he agrees, “yeah, it’s been – too long.”
“I don’t,” Tony says, bluntly, “and no. Hey, I was just looking for you to say – should we blow this off? Go upstairs, order some room service…”
“Not yet. I am wet, though.”
“You gonna knot me?” Tony asks, simpering, knowing it’ll send him crazy.
Ty laughs, although he doesn’t sound humoured. “Oh, don’t worry. Your secret’s safe with me.”
“Thanks,” Tony says, and then, grabbing Steve’s wrist, “thank you.”
I know it's an unconventional ending. The story evolved as I was writing it, and I knew I couldn't end it with Tony going back and being with Steve and living happily. But I wanted to give him a happy ending, because it's important that -- what Tony figures out -- not everyone is bad and humans can be good too. And yeah. So I gave him a happy ending, where he has a perfect life, and he's 100% perfectly content. Nice.
“Lovers?” Sarah says again. “How — how is that possible? Tony, you went to
“Mr Stark — “
Natasha nods. Looks up. “I didn’t know.” She says.
"I'm sure that could be arranged," Pepper teases her, kissing her head. "C'mon. Shoo. Time for the adults to talk."
“You only love the things that are useful to you.”
Tony mock salutes. “Duly noted,” he says, standing.
He stresses the word,
He waits for Steve’s excuse. To his surprise, he acquiesces easily. “Okay,” he says, tucking his arms around Tony’s shoulders, sighing into his throat. “Just tonight,” he agrees.
Pierce sighs, takes back the phone. “Sorry,” he says, still stroking Tony’s hair gently, “he’s exhausted. I thought he’d be more coherent.”
Tony smiles at the compliment, raps his knuckles against his temple.
Steve is the last to arrive back at HQ, in the early hours of the morning.
“I’ll think about it,” he says again, this time softer. “Just let me think, Steve.”
Giggling, he throws himself across the floor. Steve is still strong enough not to budge, not even an inch, when Tony launches himself into his arms, smiling into his neck, babbling, trying to tell him
Steve doesn't move. The helmet tells him, "Next message: Virginia Potts. Confirm authorisation." He buries his head in his knees.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, shutting his eyes. “Same.” There’s a headache thumping at the back of his skull. Pierce says more, about meeting times, and coodinates, and hailing HYDRA. Tony thinks, blessedly, that he can’t remember anything from last night, other than a revulsion at the thought of being touched, other than the fluids on his skin where they may have used him, other than – a face, sharp in his vision. No. No, that can’t be right. A hallucination. His brain imposing the closest thing to Steve on an otherwise similar face. Bucky Barnes wasn’t in this house last night.
“What’s the harm?” Steve asks, gently. “You’re among friends. We’ve all suffered, we all – understand. You won’t be judged here.”
“I trust in you. There’s a difference.”
“Thing is, somehow you’re the one who ended up…”
so yeah. next chapter will be chill and happy, i promise. there will be lots of talking and understanding reached. it's kinda coming to the main business. i guess i should remind y'all that while tonky stark and stonky rogers are in it for the long run,  there's some dark shit ahead.
“You could open it now.”
“What do you reckon,” Bucky grunts, helping him lever it out onto flat ground, “he steal this from T’Challa’s private vault, or synthesise it on a quiet night in?”
“He looks like a Mosely.”
“Hello?” She asks “Anyone there?”
Tony’s mouth runs dry. “Hello?” The voice says again, croaky, rough with disuse. “Tony? Is that you? Tones? Are you there?”
In his dream –
“I don’t think it’s changed that much since my time. I don’t know many other omegas that have a job like you, but I bet if they do, they have someone looking out for them.”
P.S. I hope you get home safely.
WARNINGS FOR: Diana, seriously, she's creepy. Bear in mind that Natasha is viewing what she chooses to do as a means to an end, but still, warnings for dub-con. And torture. And this should be the worst of it really, since I have the rest plotted out!
“Well,” Steve says, sighing, rolling onto his front, punching the pillow. “I don’t want kids, for what it’s worth. And even if I did, we could get a breeder. But that other stuff – is fine. I’m in no rush, Tony.” He reaches forward, kisses his shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he adds, quietly, “if I upset you.”
“Well it doesn’t matter,” Tony says quickly, downing his drink. “It’s all history, now.”
you knew! You
“I won’t lie to you Steve, I like to get fucked. I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Yeah, tell that to the floor of the helicarrier.”
he thinks. He isn’t wearing shoes. He digs his toes into the carpet.
“R&D weren’t banking on me having a willing test-subject.”
And Steve's hand is on his leg. The couch -- couch? -- shifts, and Tony is boneless as Steve carefully lifts his head, lays it down against his lap. Another pillow, some more blankets. Tony is warm and --
Tony shrugs. “I never said that. Maybe you feel that way.”
But if Steve lets him snooze, he’ll wake up in the early hours unable to get back to sleep. He knows this from experience. He softly sets the toast and coffee on the small table, sits himself on the couch. Maybe, he allows himself to quietly watch the rise and fall of Tony’s chest, the new, deeper lines around his eyes. He’s stopped dying his hair. It’s all grey through the roots. And he resists the urge to fetch a blanket and drape it over his legs and just let him rest.
“And what if — what if I can’t? What if I can’t do it, Tony?”
Tony stumbles when Steve lets go. "Hands?" He asks, eyes wide and face relaxed. Steve trails his fingers down his arms, his spine, rests them on Tony's bound wrists.
“It’s 3AM.”
Steve is shaking his head. “No,” he says. “You do it properly. Have you all forgotten your manners? Down on your knees.”
“I did some real damage, yeah.”
Steve curls his hand. Catches Tony’s wrist. “Do you want me to finish the job?” He asks, voice low. Earnest.
“My dad is sick, he might not make it, I’m going home and I’m spending Christmas with my mother. Tell Tony I will be back eventually, but I don’t know when. It could be awhile, maybe. Tell him I’m — not leaving him, at all. Make sure he does his exercises, make sure keeps busy. Tell him I’ll be in touch soon. I haven’t got much time, but — tell him I’m coming back. I promise. Captain? Make sure you tell him that, let him know.”
She sits back in her chair, surveys the scene from her spot at the head of the table. Her smile is too large. Natasha has never, ever, in a thousand years, smiled like that. Ever.
When Tony Stark has an idea, 99 percent of the time that idea will become reality. (Not counting the time he was six and he started collecting reptiles for their DNA in the hope of creating a dragon.) So when Tony Stark has an idea, all of his time, free or not, will go into it. Despite whatever obstacles he has to face.
"I honestly don't know Pep. I guess I’ve built up this image of him in my head and now I'm scared to shatter that by finding out that maybe he’s actually a huge racist, homophobic, misogynistic prick. Or perhaps even worse, he could be exactly like I've imagined, send my heart into overdrive and I'll keel over at his feet." Tony rambled out, placing his head in his hands.
, his mind supplied) on the table for balance. "You can tell her you succeeded, keep providing me with god-tier cups of coffee like that, and you'll have a hard time keeping me out of here."
That was his plan and he would definitely stick to it.
"Sure, I'd love to."
"Well Tony, at the risk of sounding a bit pushy would you like to come in for a coffee? We've got a new blend in today and I really need someone else’s opinion on whether it's worth the extortionate amount of money my friend paid for it." Steve asked, looking hopeful as he gestured to the front of the café with his thumb.
"I really couldn't tell you know," Tony said jokingly, shifting again in his seat so that he could comfortably drink his coffee. "I think you'd actually have looked more at home diffusing a bomb back there."
Fury was the next obstacle he had to face.
He'd been running away when Steve had chased after him hadn’t he? He wasn't ready. He’d had a plan. This wasn’t in the plan.
." He'd brought his head up now, staring down at her with his brown childlike eyes, the ones he knew could win him any argument with her.
"You're Russian! I didn't even think you
Before Tony developed an unhealthy obsession with a stranger.
"Sir yes, Sir.”
It had been several years since Tony had last been in a close encounter with a member of the feline species but he distinctly remembers not being able to see out through red, puffy, streaming eyes after just a few minutes of being in their company.
In the morning Tony would ignore Pepper's comments over the video call about he looked the most refreshed she'd seen him in ages, but for now he'd just let himself be consumed by the comfort and happiness he felt in that moment.
Yeah, this was for the best. He'll just tell Steve he's busy. Sorry, no can do today pal-a-reno, work commitments and all that.
Tony turned his head, nuzzling into his friend's palm. "I'll think about it," Tony replied, his voice muffled.
Tony was going to reply, honestly, he was, but that’s when he noticed the arm still attached to his bicep and couldn't help staring intensely at it. He swore he could feel the heat of the palm through his dress shirt, marking him,
And wasn’t that an image Tony didn’t need right now, himself face-down on the light brown shaggy rug. Carpet burn beginning to affect his knees as the blond ruthlessly mounted him from behi-
"No Pepper, no way, despite what you may think I don't actually want to sleep my teammates and there is no way i'm sharing my bed with them!"
Tony ignored Clint's muffled laugh and Natasha's raised eyebrow.
Not at this stage anyway.
Oh god, oh god his stupid feet and idiotic brain were working against him. He wasn't ready for this. He couldn't speak to the man yet, his heart wasn't prepared. He wasn’t the kind of guy yet who could swoop in and swoon someone like that off his feet.
"Naturally, and you'll have a training room, enough bedrooms for you all to have two each if you want, a lounge for all of us, a spa, some-" Tony was cut short by a soft gasp from Natasha.
It took a moment for Tony to realise just where he was but when it did eventually hit him he started to panic.
Tony had to admit, Nat had a point, and he was actually quite cold himself...
Which is when, evidently, it all went to shit.
Tony looked over the God of Thunder's shoulder to look at the mass of flyers in each of his huge hands.
Pepper tsked, moving around the desk to the gap in front of Tony's outstretched legs so that she could perch on the edge of the table.
Thor's reply was instant.
"Ok everyone ready? 3... 2...1... say '
tower but Tony... TONY WILL YOU STOP!"
"BUT..." Thor seemed to notice Tony's recoil even through the armour at the boom of his voice. "But you are presented with golden crowns there. What lady doth not want to be treated like royalty?"
"I'm cold, sue me."
"Bruce, trust me. You and the Hulk will be fine. I promise you. Plus there's enough space that you don't even have to interact with anyone else if you don't actually want to. Hell, I know somedays i'll be avoiding all human interactions and-" A deep laugh stopped his trail of thought.
"Well this is... cosy?" Tony tried to turn to glare at Clint but found himself sandwiched between a super soldier and a god.
"Right, you, along with the other four members of our team, are going to live in my house so that we can bond and get to really connect as a team. I guessed you'd be alright with this saying as you've been trying to get us to go on all those team-building courses..."
"Not at all, I look forward to seeing you again Tony." Steve reached down to pick up the Colonel and Tony really regretted having to leave the two of them. He wanted to stay in their calming bubble for all eternity.
Tony thought for a minute before replying.
Ok... here he goes, he’ll let him down gently for now and come back when he’s more prepared.
Tony doesn't know how he got from that conversation to having five superheroes in his bed but he'd like to find out.
The slight blush spreading across Steve's cheeks made Tony more confident in his assumption, but he refrained from commenting on it. For now.
"Bruce please just think about it!"
Tony laughed, "
A fake gasp of hurt followed her out.
Steve stiffened as a certain genius rolled over onto his stomach, poking him in the ribs before finally settling on top of him. "Tony what are you doing?"
A couple of hours later and the tour was complete. Tony had showed them all how to correctly use their passes, had a quick training session to show the guys how the gym worked, shown Natasha the spa, Bruce his lab and Clint the games room. He'd show them the bedrooms later once the beds finally arrived.
"Tony, have you signed off on those VAT receipts for this month yet? Accounts are starting to get a bit worried and by a bit worried I mean Debbie’s already made her way through a packet of heartburn tablets. "
"For now, yes. Now go do whatever it is you do and then enjoy your weekend off." He was sat at his desk now, fingers flying frantically at the computer screens.
He'd promised to be there on Monday and on Dum-E's circuit board was he going to be there on Monday.
At the moment he’s just a guy whose been stood in front of the glass doors for far too long.
The look of outrage on the taller man's face would have worried Tony if it hadn't been replaced by a small smile soon after.
Steve smiled at Tony's face as he grimaced at the reminder of what those courses involved. "I am definitely ok with this Tony. However there is a lot we need to talk about and we're going to have to make sure everyone knows what they're getting into by moving in together and-"
"Tony. And likewise."
He thought as he made his way out to tackle his next challenge.
forthings. "Right, just walk in with Jane, tell the person that asks for your name that you're there under Tony Stark and you'll be fine."
"For once I can honestly say I won't be." Tony smiled, kissing Pepper on the top of her head as he walked past to make his way to the lab.
He loved this view.
Steve watched him in anticipation and smiled as Tony's eyes widened in surprise at the first sip. "Good?" He asked.
Pepper stood, making her way to the door after giving one last stroke through Tony's hair.
The silence filled the room for a long minute before Pepper leant forward and ran her hands through his dark curls. Tony exhaled a breath through his nose letting the tension drop from his shoulders at the feel of nails scratching lightly at his scalp
He quickly turned on his heel and started to walk back the way he must have come (even if he doesn’t quite remember the journey over).
Yeah, Tony really did love his commute into work.
Tony and Steve share an intimate cup of coffee.
"I'll check on them now, have you finished the cards yet?"
"Holy shit Steve, for a man who claims to not like coffee you sure make a mean cup of joe," Tony replied, taking another sip, and then another. He noticed his throat felt a tad tingly, but he put that down to the hot temperature of the liquid.
"I'm guessing Natasha's the one who bought you the beans then?" Tony asked, picking the cup up again to drain it in one gulp, the action forcing his head back slightly.
Damn it all. He was still allergic to cats.
His eyes were streaming, his nose was running, and his throat felt like someone had aggressively taken a strip of sandpaper to it.
Used to.
"What are those doors there for Tony?" She pointed to the red and gold one, clearly that was Tony's door.
"Snow, yes. The vans got stuck in this 40 miles out, there's no way they can get the beds to you tonight."
"I think that you should take a chance." She began, cupping his cheek in one hand when he looked up at her with puppy-dog eyes. "Ok so option one happens and it's crap and annoying but at least you can then move on. If by some cruel twist of fate option two occurs then maybe 'Hottie McHotWaiter', as you once called him and no I won’t let it go, gives you mouth-to-mouth and you run off into the sunset together. I really don't see a reason why you shouldn't just go in and at least try and order a coffee from him."
"That's the hope." Tony steered Pepper out of the gym with a hand on the small of her back and led her up three flights of stairs towards a hallway, that she recognised from the blueprints, to be the bedrooms.
Tony groaned as the man squatted down, knees slightly apart causing his beige chinos to stretch obscenely across the aforementioned backside.
He just needed to invent a cure for allergies within 3 days.
"There's never a weekend off for your employees Tony" Pepper smirked as she turned towards the door.
And if someone were to ask why Tony Stark was humming to himself as he made his way to the car... well, for once he could say it was because he was
However it seemed that Tony wasn't yet allowed to sleep as Thor's voice once again boomed through the silence. "Banner. Would thou also like to-"
"Ah, that's the shop phone. I best answer it just in case it's Nat. Don't want to risk annoying her before her shifts even began" Steve chuckled, moving to place the cat in Tony's lap absentmindedly before walking through the oak doors.
Tony waited until he was in the safety of his car to finally assess the damage the cat had done to him.
Steve twisted around in his seat to point in the direction of the mass of steel and Tony had to stifle a groan at how the move made the muscles in his neck bulge. The man had muscles on top of muscles.
"Don't worry Pops" Tony said whilst making his way over to the door to follow the others. "I'll look after your children for you."
"Yep, sorry to run out on you so suddenly but I didn't know how long you'd be on the phone and I've got to get back to the office for a development meeting."
"Oh, Colonel Phillips! You're awake finally, I was starting to get worried about you Ol’ man." Steve had stood abruptly at the sound and Tony cursed his luck at being potentially cockblocked by a damn cat.
"Good on you mate, I'll let you know when it's ready. Have fun on your date."
Tony jerked back to reality, dropping his phone to the bottom of the limo with a loud clunk.
"Likewise Steve."
The coffee waved slightly in the cups, threatening to spill over the rim as Steve turned and halted at the sight of Tony.
Tony smirked to himself as he watched Fury go back to whatever the hell it was he did. He'd never asked and he wasn't sure he wanted to.
His journey back to Stark Industries passed in silence save for the odd sneeze and sniffle coming from the billionaire. However, while the car may have been silent, his mind was moving a mile a minute, formulating a plan.
Pepper had to admit, the mansion looked amazing. Tony really had put all his effort into this, spending most of his nights going over even the tiniest of details to make sure everything was perfect. It was just a shame she couldn't get him to show this much enthusiasm for his own business...
"Are you all right Sir?" Happy asked, meeting his Boss' eyes in the rear-view mirror.
Luckily Tony managed to come out of his thoughts before he created a situation for himself where he was forced to explain to Steve that he had popped a boner at the mere mention of a bloody rug.
"She taught me how to use them a few months back when we first opened. The woman can be intimidating but I gotta admit, she's one hell of a teacher." Steve smiled before taking a sip of his own coffee and Tony couldn't help the pang of jealousy in his stomach at the evident affection in the other man's voice.
"Fuck that thing is big!" He exclaimed, taken aback at how the cat seemed to stretch across Steve's entire torso.
"Now there's eight bedrooms on this floor with another five around the corner, I wanted to make sure everyone had a choice, although I have decorated certain rooms to fit their style so I think they'll probably go to those anyway." Pepper smiled as she watched Tony literally bounce down the corridor, it was nice to see him so excited about something that wouldn't risk his life.
His eyes took in the rest of the blond as he continued to write, pulse quickening as the man's biceps threatened to split the fabric of the short-sleeved white cotton shirt.
Tony laughed to himself at the memory before stopping abruptly at Pepper's cold gaze.
"Right Stark, I'm gonna give you clearance for this, however, any sign of trouble and I'm pulling them out of there. I need my two best agents alive and sane."
"You ok Tony?" Steve said, following his gaze. "Oh, don't worry about those guys, I forget they're even in here sometimes. They're obviously a selling point for some customers, but most tend to just come in for the coffee." Steve pointed over to the table at the end of the shop to the left of the bar and motioned for Tony to sit. "They like to keep to themselves unless someone decides to pay them some attention so if you’re worried about potential cat hairs on your suit you should be fine as long as you don’t lie down on the rug.”
Hell, he even used to hate the standstill traffic.
The floor length windows of his office looked out onto the skyline of high-rise buildings, (although none were higher than Stark Industries
"Sir!"
Tony did stop though at the feel of one large, and oh god
"Right, let me start again. I'm Steve. A pleasure to meet you."
"Well we'll see you then, hopefully not before if we can help it, come on Nat."
Tony swore he'd worked more today than he had in his entire life.
The Adonis had a real human name.
"Then what are we having this talk for? You'll have your own lab for all your genetic'y science'y shit and then we can-"
"Welcome everyone!" Tony beamed, "So this is, for lack of a better name, Avenger mansion!"
Tony did. He just didn't want to accept that fact. "Well what are we supposed to do? There's six of us stuck in this house with nowhere to sleep and I've not had chance to fit in the AC yet so sleeping on the couches is definitely out and-" Pepper cut through his rant.
, hand wrapping around the top of his bicep to slow him down.
"Whatever you say Tony, whatever you say..."
"Well go finish those so that they're ready for the others when they arrive. You have two hours Tony. Don't be late."
Tony braced himself for a possible rejection before turning his arm when a loud yowl startled him upright and away from Steve.
Things had started to calm and Tony was just on the edge of sleep when Clint's voice rang out startling him right back awake. "WOW, JESUS NAT! IS THAT YOUR
get cold?" All Clint got in return was a soft giggle as Natasha shifted around so that she was lying on top of him.
"I said" the man replied, smiling as if Tony’s spaced out look was charming instead of creepy, "we're open."
"Tony, do you not like cats?" Steve asked, making Tony turn towards the man and away from the mass of fur.
(Little half-truths were what Tony relied on daily. Give people a bit of information to satisfy their curiosity but not enough to know his true intentions.)
If he WAS flirting, then Tony had to do something to show his interest. He was damned if he was going to let the man think the advance was unwelcome after he'd spent months dreaming of a moment like this.
Managing to maintain eye contact with the man proved too tricky for Tony's heart. He felt threatened by those piercing blue eyes as if Steve would be able to read his mind if he stared into them for too long.
"WOW, woah wait, TONY!" Steve had to jog to catch Tony before he had a chance to leave the gym. "Want to explain that to me again?"
Pepper’s entrance into his office startled the man out of his thoughts before they could go to certain not safe for work areas.
He did not, in fact, have this.
"Is that...?"
"Perfect, Pep you can leave now if you want, start your weekend early." Tony motioned for the other five to follow him. "Come on then guys, lets give you the grand tour."
After leaving everyone to get comfortable, Tony rang Pepper to see where said beds were.
Steve.
When Steve failed to answer his question, Tony looked back towards him and smirked when he noticed the other man's eyes darting up from where they had been fixed on Tony's throat.
"Farewell friend!"
Tony decided to take a quick walk through Central Park at lunch to clear his head.
"Tony will you please just listen to me?" Pepper shouted as she followed her boss in circles round his office. "It's just not practical! You're spending way more money than is coming in at the minute due to this 'Avenger' business and you've just spent
"Uh, I mean, I saw you looking in outside through the window but you weren't making a move to come in and I thought because we're empty at the minute that you might have thought we were closed and we really haven’t had many customers today so I sort of jumped at the chance to bring you in and I just thought… oh man I'm rambling aren't I?" he said, voice slightly strained as if he was catching his breath, either from chasing after Tony or from his outburst.
"Tony no cars can get through this, surely you know that."
Steve managed to tap the god on the shoulder, "Thor, what have we said about using an indoor voice."
Tony smiled to himself before settling down on a surprisingly comfy shoulder.
Maybe in a few months he'd come back? Try again. Look less like a fool. Be able to speak in longer sentences.
That was before 'Captain's Cat Café' opened up just around the corner from Stark Industries.
"A little bit… yeah," Tony said in shocked response.
The Colonel looks up towards the brunette at the feel of his hand, and for the first time Tony can see that he's missing his left eye, a single scar running across closed flesh vertically where it once must have been.
"Shit!" Tony exclaimed as he realised just who was walking towards him.
The sharp ache in his chest startled him. “Poor thing,” he whispered. Tony didn't know whether it had been inflicted by a fellow cat or a human but either way it would have surely been a traumatic experience for the cat. Yet here he was, getting comfy on a stranger without a care in the world.
"Just came to ask if you'd like to come and live with me and the rest of the gang?"
"Oh, I don't like it when you use that tone Pep..."
Crap, the man's lips had been moving and Tony had no idea what he had said.
How Pepper managed to walk with such confidence in 5-inch stiletto heels AND with her head glued to her phone was a mystery to him.
"Night Tony."
(See the end of the chapter for
A- Note: This is going to have no plot. Like seriously no plot. I just wanted to write Avenger fluff. This chapter is just Tony convincing everyone to come to the mansion and other chapters will involve various moments with the team getting to know each other, with Tony/Steve developing throughout. It's my first time writing for these characters so bear with me while I get the feel for them.
This is not what I meant, I just — I couldn’t ask that from you.”
SR only raised an eyebrow, never stopping to turn his ring on his finger. It made Tony uncomfortable. This ring meant that they had a past. That they were supposed to have a future. That there was an impression of Tony in his man’s head; an impression that was worth marrying and raising a child with. And Tony had no idea what this impression was. He didn’t know how this man remembered him, because he didn’t even know himself right now. He had no idea who he was supposed to be.
Steve pulled his eyebrows up as if he honestly couldn’t figure out what Tony was talking about. It felt like mockery.
And that just hit Tony. It was as if he had just lived through the longest second of his life and suddenly
Neither Tony nor Clint had put much thought into it, but this was the first time that Tony stood still for a second and actually really considered if he could be ill.
scratched the surface of being friends, but it was a start.
”But the hospital is s’pposed to make people feel better. Why is Daddy not feeling better?” Peter sounded upset. Apparently Tony was not the only one to realise that, because Rogers got up from his chair in an instant, kneeling in front of Peter instead, laying his hands on the child’s thighs, looking at him with big honest eyes.
Hold on.
Then again, his best has always fallen a bit short.
47 year old billionaire, genius, philanthropist. He had his heart literally and metaphorically torn into pieces, flew through a worm hole, survived dying. Kids played with action figures that looked like
All he knew for now was that his idea that he could
“I can hate just fine. It’s in fact exactly what I do, when you sit here, doubting my machine.”
Tony nearly scoffed, he didn’t want to be fixed. He needed to find out if he wasn’t beyond broken first.
“See? You don’t get it! You fall in and out of love all your life. You’re born and love your mom and then you make friends and love those, you have about 12 love of your lives, but I don’t, okay? I know it. This was all or nothing and I fucked it up.”
complaint playfully before snatching the child off his father’s lap, lifting him up and then just stared at the boy with a played - serious expression before making a grimace, making the child giggle excitedly.
Tall Blonde looked at the ceiling for a second and then settled his heavy gaze back on Tony again. He was sure that it made breathing harder than even the child had, when he had sat on his chest. He wanted to yell at this guy, asking him why he felt the need to communicate with heavy subtext instead of words, but before he could bite that out, the man answered .
Could but shouldn’t?
”Don’t say anything, Steve.” There was no way Tony could stand to hear the words '
Steve looked at him as if he just said something incredibly stupid, before he shook his head and staring him down with the most honest look in his eyes. He could’ve told Tony that the sun was closer to earth then the moon and Tony would have believed him in a heartbeat.
When Steve walked out of the door he didn’t look like he was on his way to win a war anymore. He looked more like he was in the middle of a
And yeah, no. As far as Tony’s good faith went, which wasn’t far to begin with, this he did not believe. Not a teensy tiny bit. Because this couldn’t be real. He couldn’t just go to sleep after a big party and then wake up with a husband and a kid, this wasn’t how life worked.
“It had told you, I saw it,” Tony all but shouted out, losing his patience and also still feeling like he lost his mind. Couldn’t anybody be just open and honest with him, just once. “It told you that I loved you.”
did he know about the nightmares. After all, he was the person who helped Tony through them, held him close in good nights and stayed awake with him in bad ones for the past 3 years.
Wait, would it even be cheating? Tony shook his head, He didn’t want to know, because he didn’t need to know. He hadn’t even been thinking about sleeping with somebody else and Steve had been here, waiting for him to come home to what? See, if he had brought someone with him, so he could send them home so Peter wouldn’t see?
“I think I was doing okay.”
Steve pulled his eyebrows together, the sad expression more prominent than it had been mere seconds ago. Tony nodded to himself, he had fucked up yet again.
Tony huffed and pointed honest to god
“What —”
It was as if his brain had just decided to absolutely go offline by the sight of the kid in this arms, as if it had no idea how to act and just went AWOL.
Go to dinner with me.” Tony didn’t know where those words came from, but he felt like he never said something more important in his life, “Please.”
for fuck’s sake. He wasn’t 12 anymore, he had no reason whatsoever to fall for someone who was nice to him. Tony had learned this lesson years ago, decades even. Sentiment was a weakness, people were only fond of him for as long as they needed something.
, for God’s sake, his insulin level was practically nonexistent, his heart had been damaged even before all this and only getting worse every second. His hair was getting thinner, his nails bluer, he’s got constant bruises
you, because you would
Tony yawned again and then laid his arms on the head rest of the couch, not breaking eye contact either.  ”Yeah,” he replied shortly, eyeing how Rogers stood up straighter raising his eyebrows in question and determination, as if he was ready to pull up a whole power point to answer any question Tony might ask. ”Where is my bedroom? I really wanna sleep.”
“Five minutes, no longer.”
He still walked around, constantly feeling the need to wear the iron bracelets to call his armor to him, just in case. He didn’t feel threatened by them per se, but he wasn’t naive either. There were 5 people living with him, who would’ve killed him a few months back if they needed to and he couldn’t help but have the urge to look over his shoulder constantly. So yeah, he felt better when he wore them it; knowing that Jarvis would send the armor right to him at any sign of danger made him lose a tiny bit of tension.
It was not awesome. It was living hell and he couldn’t even feel it all. It was paradox really. He has never laughed because he found joy in something. He never looked at someone and felt warm and fuzzy. He didn’t have a favorite color or hobby. You could burn everything he owned and he would shrug. He wouldn’t even care.
. Because how dare he to talk to Tony like that. Like Tony owed them, like he couldn’t survive without them, as if he was a child, that needed their help, after doing something stupid.
It was less of a nightmare than a flashback, really. Or it felt like it anyway, Tony had trouble telling what was real and what wasn’t. But the beginning though, the beginning was always the same.
Tony shrugged and focused back on the blue wires in front of him. He grew up like that, he didn’t feel sad about that. In fact, he didn’t feel anything at all, so there’s that.
How do you explain hate? How do you put sadness into words?
drink to that. He had to figure his head out indeed.
Sam reached over to give the sugar and milk to him, from which Tony thoughtlessly just took the milk and turned to the counter. He didn’t miss Sam’s teasing grin, though, which was why he turned, after putting exactly three spoonfuls of milk in his coffee, one eyebrow raised, hip against the counter, cup on his lips.
”I think we’ll be okay,” Tony answered, smiling at Steve. ”But if you want to join us, you can.”
”Uh - huh, darling, I’m the dinner first kinda guy.”
He guessed he must have been. He also guessed that it wasn’t every day that Bucky ate with them but that Rogers must have asked him to come and help.
The last time Tony felt as clueless and taken aback as he did now was when his father yelled at him for not working fast enough when he was 5 and couldn’t understand nor express what all the numbers and ideas in his head meant yet.
. He had never ever done anything for him but let him down. Mocking him, god only knows why he’s even bothering to still be around Tony. The thought of Rhodey leaving him too made him want to roll up and never get up again. He was just filled up with heaviness.
Tony had nearly reached his door, when he heard Steve speak up again. ”Tony, just —” his voice was so quiet that Tony nearly couldn’t hear it over the low humming sound of the switched off TV and ticking of the big clock. Or he wouldn’t have been able to hear it, if the volume of Steve actually asking Tony for something hadn’t been louder than anything. ”Don’t.”
. His mother won’t ever know that he could understand now. That he could feel sadness so deep in his bones that he wondered if it really was just that or if he was sick. It felt like his organs just drew themselves together and never let go again.
”Hey, Pete,” Tony said easily, smiling at his son, who smiled right back. Tony wished he could take a picture of his little happy face right now.
This was not okay, so absolutely not okay, and nor was the little warm feeling inside of him, as if he didn’t know that he craved for that man’s touch. He couldn’t even fall
The loneliness faded away when he thought that and he smiled to himself about it. It was the first time that he had actively dealt with a negative emotion and got over it by actually doing something instead of just waiting around for it to fade on its own. He really got a handle on these things.
He just didn’t know if he should actually use google to find the answers for that. He knew the gossip pages, knew that most of what he’d find would turn out to be inaccurate. He leaned back with a sigh, before tapping the flies icon, planning to rather ask Steve about all these things. He didn’t really know how, but Tony knew that Steve would help him without hesitation.
He settled for the easiest one, the most obvious thing.
“I know that you and the whole world think I don’t have a heart,” Steve murmured something under his breath that sounded like
”No, I’m just wondering. Is your dick magical or something?”
“Sometimes I wish the sun wouldn’t go down,” he stated, waiting for Steve to find his own context to that. Explaining feeling were hard. Harder than making vague statements anyway.
Tony felt the
”How about after dinner, we go to the workshop and build the spider we made plans for?” Tony asked, looking at Steve to see if he approved.
Also, Tony knew that. He knew the man’s damn name; he’s been carrying it around his neck, because he had insisted that Tony kept his damn dog tags.
Tony shrugged, questionably. ”Her tears make my shirt all wet and cold,” he answered, hoping that he finally did what they wanted him to. His father did not look pleased.
on his tongue. As if they could never describe himself.
without any possibility to call for help
Steve, who huffed a little laugh, as if he thought about something specific, something funny that Tony wouldn’t understand anymore.
“You love me,” he stated as if it was the only true thing he could ever say again.
Tall Blonde didn’t laugh, though. His expression was still on low power mode, looking serious and about 5 years older than he had when he had first entered the room.
Tony shrugged again, holding his next question back. Till he remembered that this was what he always did, testing out his boundaries.
”You have seen the car he drives, he doesn’t care that it’s super boring.”
The word didn’t mean anything. Not alone like that. But he knew that Steve believed it did. He believed it.
. Anything.
“You do look delicious in those jeans,” Tony teased, already focusing back on his book.
”Jarvis, scan me,” his voice sounded
Tony couldn’t help himself but wonder if it was possible for a heart to literally tear in two. Because that was what this realization felt like.
Who was nearly the only person who truly never ever minded his lack of lovey dovey attitude. He never even mentioned it. He looked at Tony like he was his personal jackpot and every time Tony caught him starring at him with that expression, he could feel the tiny bit of happiness flaring up in his chest. Steve was his real deal, and maybe — just maybe he could be his too.
when he turned around, fake smile on his lips. ”And don’t you crawl in the bed with me later and try something, I’m too tired for sex right now, even though I bet you’re great at it, gorgeous.”
they.
Bucky laughed deeply and got up to pick the kid up before he could run to Tony, who was more than glad about that. He wasn’t ready to be cuddled by —
He looked at his best friend with wide eyes, begging him to answer his questions, when his gaze fell on Tall Blonde, who looked like he was about to be sick. As if he had hoped for an outcome and had
Sam said that so easily, as if nothing had ever happened. And Tony couldn’t tell if he wanted to kiss or strangle him for it. He really eased the awkward pseudo - friendly handshaking, but Tony didn’t really feel relieved by it.
him this time, but in the same urge he just wanted to crawl back into those arms and never let go again. It was confusing as hell and Tony was still
All his head was screaming, though, that here was an actual person who cared so deeply for him that they put their own happiness after his.
Yeah no, first name basis wasn’t happening.
“Of course, this way I can built the armor a few sizes smaller, so nobody but me fits in it. Can’t have another person steal it from me,
”Yeah,” Tony said once more and was already on the way to his room before he came to a sudden stop.
Also thanks to my beta!! May you survive your busy week, I nap for the both of us.
S. R.
The point’s never been whether the shield landed in his head or in the reactor. Even that was something the team discussed about now. The point was that he could care less what Steve did and didn’t do, that the fight had
The team expected him to act like a heartless asshole. They knew him and this was the behavior they were used to.
”Just?” Tony prompted, sick of the silence, that was only broken by the deep, calculated breaths Rogers took to calm himself down. It gave Tony too much time to think.
Steve had told him he loved him, though. Had said all those things about him being the most important thing for him and his betrayal hurt like every bad thing Tony’s ever been through multiplied by 20. Because Steve was supposed to be Tony’s never forget—never regret. His head over heels, his seal of the deal, but he just didn’t deserve that apparently.
He had just wrote down everything he knew about himself right now, just to get a better picture of it. Just to be able to take a closer look, without feeling like it was too much.
Disappointed with a hint pity, as if he was really sad but not surprised to see Tony that way. And maybe, just maybe, was it exactly that little bit of pity, that made Tony hate to just look at alcohol.
Tony tried not to yawn; when it hit him, too. This will be the beginning of his life. How ordinary.
“What?” He answered breathless, begging every higher power that might or might not be listening to give him proof that he hadn’t just missed his chance for an easy out.
Tony shook his head, closing his eyes and put all of his past thoughts in a box labeled 'Never ever open again ever'.
Rogers pushed himself from the kitchen counter he had leaned against, but then stayed were he was. ”I really would, but the master bedroom is closest to Peter and I don’t want him to walk into your room if he wakes up in the middle of the night.”
Peter thought for a second before he nodded and then jumped out of his chair to run to his room.
Tony nodded and walked into the elevator, pushing the button to close the doors, leaving Steve to look devastated on his own.
“No, I meant like — how does it feel to feel? Nothing specific, just in general.”
too tired for all of this.
Rogers face lit up a little when Tony finally took part in the conversation. ”My twin sister was our surrogate.”
Life went on.
“I noticed,” he answered. Tony only stared down into his coffee cup as if it could give him the easy out he needed so badly.
But now he noticed it. And it was nothing but sad.
Would Clint answer him honestly if he asked about it? It’s always hard to tell when it’s about Clint. He could sit on the floor petting his dog and in the next second shoot an arrow through an eye socket. Tony took a deep breath and decided to just go for it. If it ended up with a black eye he at least knew that he deserved it.
of all things. Tony scoffed. What even was this guy?
”Okay,” Tony said, drawing the word out to let Steve know how much bullshit Tony called right now.
And Tony wished he could just yell at their faces that they haven't cared whether he
“Thank you very much, Mr. Stark, I’ll go find Pepper for my charge, yes?”
In that moment Tony should’ve noticed that this all was bigger deal than he thought it would be. Well, he
He tried to find balance, tried to hold on to the elevator walls for his dear life, but everything was shifting and he couldn’t stop shaking.
weakness, and
Yeah, he was glad about it.
“Then yes I am. This Friday?”
Next to the door was a warning about the importance of flu shots and beneath it was a white banner that read
His mother died, knowing that he was not normal and she had
When you grow up colorblind, you will never miss the blue of the sky or the green of the big trees in the park. You wouldn’t mind not seeing them, you
Once Tony had recovered from a coughing fit that definitely saved his life, he looked at Bucky annoyed.
Tony took another deep breath, steadying himself on his closet. What was he supposed to fucking do now!
“Flatterer. I’m Bucky.” Tony took the hand and smiled.
Or the one he had seen in the flashback he had.
He wasn’t successful with it yet, though, he heard the kid ask his father every night why his Daddy didn’t read his night — night stories anymore.
“What,” Tony swallowed heavily, his voice sounding weirdly broken and husky, “What is happening to me? Rhodes, I think something failed, I couldn’t do it.”
. Her tears when she looked at him playing while he only shrugged or just ignore her entirely. The shiny, dried tears still on her cheeks, when she kissed him good night. And he had just
to fix it, we —”
He watched how Peter picked out a fitting screw, little knit between his eyebrows as he looked at the different ones. It was adorable.
him so badly, “This sounds unbelievably, sickly sappy and my past self would certainly like to kick me in the balls for that, but Steve — I am sure.”
When he simultaneously got to know Peter better, that made it great.
Well, that actually explained a lot. Clint already lost a friend and couldn’t do anything against it, but this was different. Tony didn’t get stabbed; Tony didn’t
to be as okay as he made the others believe.
Because no matter how hard Tony tried to act natural and as if everything was normal, the others seem to start to realize something was up. He tried to ignore it when they looked at him longer than usual. He
Tony didn’t know what he was missing. And just like colors, nobody could explain it to him either. How do you explain emotions?
and instantly felt awake and ready to beat about everything that came his way.
Tony raised his eyebrows, not knowing what to do with that information. ”So?”
but it still wasn’t enough.
Because there was
Tony nodded, though, seeing his expression flicker again. Tony wondered what he had to say to keep the little sense of wonder and hope on his face.
One emotion got him down on his knees. And it was
He only realized how much time had passed when he began yawning and looked up to see the elevator opening and Rogers stepping out. He had a streak of blue paint across his right cheek and the sleeping boy in his arms.
”Yeah, that happened,” Tony said in a voice in which other people apologized. Maybe he should, too. He had been inappropriate and he knew it. But actually saying that out loud took more than he could give right now.
Rogers nodded again and then turned back to Tony who really had no idea what he was expected to do.
He also said that he couldn’t promise that his memories would return. It was likely, but it were still
Steve nodded in agreement. ”Better that way.”
And that was his point right there, why was Steve allowed to be cruel to him but he wasn’t.
”That so?”
. See where I am going with this? Some guy has car trouble and pumped all his anger right though my program into my brain and the next 12 hours? Everything I do, I do angry. See how easy it is to change who I am?”
And this was the story of how he ended up, curled on the floor of his work shop, tears on his face, hands over his heart, shaking and sobbing. It hurt, everything hurt so
; over and over again, anytime when the world around him began to crumble and he couldn’t tell anymore what was real and what wasn’t, he’d sit back and watch it all.
. This was just a spoon with noddles and cheese -
He couldn’t even believe that Steve would think that.
”The reason is that it’s inappropriate and rude.”
When he got back into the big, silent house that night, it was cold and quiet, he felt no difference. When he found himself thinking, that
”I just wanted to make sure that you’re okay.”
For the first time in his life did he look around in his dimly lit room and felt heavenly empty, filled with nothing but sadness about his choices. He looked around and saw
It was familiar. It felt familiarly domestic.
“It makes me feel —” He ended in a shrug again, he didn’t know what she wanted to hear, but he knew that adults didn’t like it when he answered wrong.
”Yeah, well, kid,” Tony said slowly, while watching Rogers getting up and cleaning the table. Bucky, though, stayed seated and looked at Tony with a serious expression. He always looked easy and relaxed when he was talking to Peter, keeping his voice light and funny. His gaze right now wasn’t light, though. It was heavy with a clear warning. Tony should watch his mouth, calculate what he would tell the kid.
Tony continued to breathe harshly, looking around in the dark, searching for something to ground him, but there wasn’t anything. Nothing made sense.
Steve, so what? It’s not his job to make him happy, it’s not on him to do what Steve wants; he is 47, he can do whatever the hell he wants to do.
Tony wondered if Steve used to look like that all the time. Maybe.
Peter giggled now too, probably just because his parents were in a good mood, joking together again.
Tony decided to just avoid the hell out of the child till he was about 18, maybe.
Also Clint was so
“What do you even want from me? I wasn’t good enough for anything, especially for you, so why do you keep doing this; keep coming down here and talking, and —
. And that doesn’t have to be a bad thing but —,” Steve sat down on the edge of one of the workbenches and sighed, “Your cars drive all by themselves. And also, cars are huge now, Tony. What do people need so much space for? And computers are tiny and everywhere and nobody is impressed by it anymore and I — I am
Sam’s grin was easy, his eyes flashed excitedly when he saw Tony enter the kitchen. And hell, didn’t Tony wish to always be as carefree as Wilson seemed to be.
“We’ve had this discussion, Tony. You can’t just —” Steve’s shoulders hang low, his eyes looked blank, tired and so sad at the same time. He sounded like he wanted to believe Tony but just couldn’t because of his common sense.
finger.
, your parents say you have trouble expressing your feelings.”
Afterwards he took the chain with the dog tags off, holding the metal in his open palm. It was slightly warm from his body head. He thought about just laying them on the nightstand but he’d probably forget them in the morning.
tell me to change whatever I did wrong, what made you feel like you didn’t belong.
When he opened his eyes again the panic was gone. He had a secret to keep. An admittedly obvious secret, that was about to be out in the open in approximately 32 hours - depending on how fast Bruce put two and two together, and how long he needed to digest it afterwards.
“Well, I don’t hate it,” Tony said after a while, as honest as he could. He didn’t feel dislike or disgust while looking at it, which was as far he ever came to liking something. It also made him feel lonely, but nearly everything did. He shivered thinking how huge his house was and he was all by himself, all the time. Maybe was this picture exactly what he needed, another thing to focus on, instead of walking around aimlessly, trying to picture how his life would be, if he had been normal from the beginning.
”Not Peter,” Tony answered slowly, pointing to himself in a lazy motion. ”I just wanted to wake you, this whole sleeping on the table deal didn’t look too comfortable.”
. And now he was
But it was okay. He just needed a few minutes to warm up before he could feel less paranoid around them, but he mostly really got along with them all right. Well, with some more than with others.
Tony shook his head at himself, pulling his eyebrows together.
He faded away int the darkness before he could end his slurring, knowing that
Maybe he's no longer allergic? That happens sometimes... right?
Maybe he could draw up a mental list of pros and cons to help him decide whether to chance actually meeting the literal man of his dreams?
If he really was no longer allergic, then there was truly nothing to stop him from carrying on his plan to woo Steve.
"I'm more worried about you Stark. Sure you can handle living with five other people who actually
At 2pm, the rest of the Avengers gathered in the front entrance to their new home and watched as Tony entered the hallway with Pepper by his side.
Pepper looked up from her phone to address Tony. "They should be on their way now."
work. All my plans work in my world."
Inside, with the cats.
"You're going to go through with this no matter what I say aren't you?"
"Tony, in what world would this be a good idea?" Bruce watched as Tony broke into a huge smile.
He smiled to himself and began to pet the Colonel in the same way Steve had been doing moments before. Tony leant back in his chair and closed his eyes. As he listened to the low mumbled voice coming from behind the back wall of the shop and the deep purr coming from his lap Tony couldn't help but feel like this was the most content he'd been in years.
"And look here Pep, this is the training room, I spent ages designing this!" Tony lead her into a large room filled with the typical types of gym equipment. The only thing that told her this wasn't a normal gym layout however was the six doors at the other end of the room, each one clearly coloured to suit each of the Avengers.
doesn’t want to go through one of those when he already feels like shit.
They would need to be extremely discrete, compensated significantly and under an NDA, maybe Tony could get away with slipping whoever it was with various loyalty and compulsion potions. Thorough background checks would need to be done obviously, and with Lily’s letter it would have to be a muggle, but that poses the problem of magical exposure and he couldn’t exactly keep obliviating the poor fool.
Lily turned back towards the door where Voldemort watching her, they were safe! Harry was safe, she was so sure they were safe!  Lily stepped in front of her son's crib protecting him, shielding him.
Currently the perfectly normal Dursley family minus one abnormal nephew were sitting around the table enjoying their dinner that had been painstaking slaved over by the aforementioned absent nephew.
And as spider-man took his last breath, they took a knee.
They were walking for hours before the find another figure and they knew just knew that this was Natasha Romanoff, the black widow.
This battle was enough. The fact that he died for them was enough.
Tony thought for a second, that would be easier and the good captain wouldn’t be in his arse about leaving.
Tony has no time to celebrate the win as he races to catch Peter before he falls. He hits the ground limp just as Tony gets there.
After a tension filled few minutes at least that what it felt like to Harry Sirius finally looked up and said “Well that was unexpected”
Thor began to put the pieces together, remembering all of a sudden why the address was familiar. Loki's adoptive sister from when he was Lily lived there with her husband. But surely not, he wouldn't. Why would he?
“My heir’s forced participation in the Triwizard tournament where it was stated only those of age would be able to compete, it was magically binding….”
Tony would have taken an international portkey, but that came with regulations and check points he did not need anyone from the wizarding world that he was coming even if there were only a few that knew he even existed let alone his relation to Lily and Harry. It was just a couple of James’ old school friends.
And with that Peter closes his eyes.
“Quill?” a rough voice asked. “Shut the fuck up!”
Harry already likes him a lot more than uncle Vernon.
He left them, he was gone, so he couldn’t protect them. Peter blatantly ignores the chance that they could have been dusted too. He doesn’t want to think about them alone wondering the strange orange world like he was.
“Just like I know you’re going to get us out of here”
“Pete…” he lets out brokenly, already reduced to heart wenching sobs because he knows he just knows what’s about to happen next.
He was like a kid in a candy store which wasn’t that far of from the reality as they were actually in an ice cream parlour. And Sirius had to, just had to try all the exciting muggle flavours.
He doesn’t feel as though he’s pain but he doesn’t want to argue with an all powerful sentient stone.  “When can I leave?” he asks instead.
“So, spiders have eight limbs I only have four”
Harry let out a breath he didn’t even know that he was holding and shook himself from his melancholy thoughts, they would do him no good. He was here for a reason and that was so he could finally gain his independence and get out from Dumbledore’s thumb.
They were trapped and James was... She spun round on her heels frantically hoping desperately that maybe Voldemort had forgotten to put up wards, when that didn't work she tried her emergency portkey that all order members had that would take them to the hogwarts infirmary.
The important question was where was his nephew now?
"If he was with either of them we would of found him years ago, heimdall would of and you know I had my feelings about them" He said bluntly.
“Get rid of it” Peter says suddenly.
"But Lily, Harry doesn't want to go to bed, he's having the time of his little life"
And keeps looking until he can’t anymore, his arm is rotting away, like he’s a decomposing corpse.
Harry thinks this is stupid and really doesn’t want to go through months of court appearances and check ups. Which is where his uncle Tony comes in, as an actual blood relative and not related to him through adoption and marriage like the Dursley’s he has a stronger claim and they are hoping that he would take Harry in over the holidays.
There was some more banging and crashing, grabbing Harry from his highchair Lily began racing up the stairs sparing a moment to press a short kiss to her husband's lips and a whispered 'Be safe' against them. Reaching her son's nursery she heard a chilling, high-pitched cackle.
As they paid respect to the fallen avenger.
Bucky lets out a sigh from next to him and steps forwards. “You all need to back off, you’re scaring him, right now his body is in fight or flight mode if you don’t stop crowding him he will fight and probably win to”
And Harry knew that no matter what, he at the very least would always have Sirius.
Tony knew he also had to go shopping for everything a toddler might need, stuff like diapers and toys he didn’t know much else but that could wait until he actually had his nephew or at least tracked him down.
Dudley let out a shout of protest that was promptly ignored.
As he honed onto the different heartbeats trying to find Mr Stark’s he noticed none of them was his which leaves Peter confused as every time he has been hurt enough to need the medbay he has woken up to the tell-tale smell of coffee and motor oil that lingered on his surrogate father and the sweet flowery scent of aunt May’s favourite perfume.
All three males waited with bated breath for the results, Sirius was worried that despite the blood adoption that the blood link between the two of them would not be enough to satisfy the black family magic.
'I have a son…I wasn't ever going to tell you… I didn’t want father to know…his name is Haraldr James Potter… But we just call him Harry’
His son just died.
They wanted Captain America dead.
Harry looked around the room that they had just arrived in, it was quite ostentatious he thought but then again what else should he have excepted from the arrival room of Gringotts for the more affluent and elite of the goblin’s clientele. He was pulled from his observations by Sirius tugging on his arm and he began following his godfather and their goblin escort through the long and winding corridors of the underground bank; it left him quite disoriented when they finally arrived at the Black family’s account manager’s office, but he supposed that was the point. Nobody was stealing anything if they couldn’t find their way around the maze of corridors.
It almost sends him to the ground in a sensory overload, Peter can barely concentrate to figure out what is wrong and given that his Spidey sense has naturally been a dull ache ever since he came back from being dust whatever it is most be really really bad.
And devoid of any other sense Peter opened his eyes.
He’s never fought so hard before in his life, probably because he never really had anything to fight for.
Harry just nods.
"Petunia? But...I thought Sirius or Alice..." He stammered. Loki frowned.
He looked to Sirius with a beaming smile on his face that wouldn’t leave for the rest of the day.
For a world-renowned genius Tony really wasn’t getting it evidenced as he once again asks “so?”
Suddenly the whole situation is that much more heart-wenching.
“Kid we can’t just do that type of surgery out of nowhere, we need to prep and we would need your aunts permission” Tony argues back.
There is a brief pause in the chaos of battle where Peter and Tony just stare at each other, before Peter is rumbling away like nothing has changed, like it hasn’t been five years since they last seen each. Like he hadn’t died in Tony’s arms pleading with Tony, to save him.
Tony lets out a disbelieving snort.
Tony lets a breath and all but drags Peter into his arms, he clutches him close and has no intentions of letting him go ever again.
“Well as you know the former chief warlock made himself quite illegally my heir’s magical guardian and he did not protest his participation, it was also witnessed by a Lord of the wizengamot and the minister himself and they did not protest either, by stating that only of age wizards were allowed to compete and then allowing his participation they acknowledged him as of age”
Cut-throat pushed across a stack of papers that looked anything but simple.
Peter was scared, ever since the spider bite his senses had been dialled to 11, his world washed with colour, sounds and smells now he couldn’t sense anything.
“Guys why is Mr Clinton hawkeye Barton sir on the floor?
Ross let out a polite cough and replied “Well as you should know Mr Stark, your nephew has quite a large inheritance and with both his parents and immediately family decease aside from yourself it would be quite reckless with his current position not to have one, he was also recently Emancipated”
That was nothing compared to what he was going through now, he almost wishes he could go through all of that again just to avoid this pain.
‘Of course, sir’
Again some talking going on in the background most be more than the lawyer and his nephew there wherever they were most likely and Ross’ office.
“Yes” Tony whispers.
Also I realised a mistake that I made in the first chapter I write the Petunia was the one adopted (she was) but Lily was as well.
Bruce looks around there’s not a dry face too see, everyone is heartbroken. Scared.
No one knows it but putting Peter in a cytogenetic chamber was the best thing they could of done for him because it shuts down his body and puts it into hibernation, so it doesn’t need to waste the energy it has stored away on everyday functions and can just concentrate on healing.
The older Peter nudges him along to where Doctor strange has opened one of his sparking portal glowly  things and steps through without looking back.
Being part spider has it perks Peter thinks to himself, although he never thought limb regrowth would be one of them.
“While you do that we can also do the claiming, you will need to prove that you have a legitimate claim first heir Potter-Black, so one drop of your blood on this parchment please.”
"Son?" Thor spluttered in shock, staring at him in disbelief. Loki sighed.
“I want to leave” Peter states
“Same, where is Remus?”
“Heeeeey, aunt May you’re looked very pretty today” From beside his aunt he could see Mr Stark roll his eyes and bring his face into palm in what was an exasperated face palm.
Peter begins to wonder like he did when he first enter this world five years ago knowing that he could walk for years and nothing would change.
. The team is understandably a bit co-dependent at this time and whenever one of them gets hurts the rest always gravitate around that person until they’re better.  Which is fine when it’s someone other than him that has to suffer through all the hovering and mother henning.
He also thinks that growing a new arm is creepy at least he won’t turn into a lizard like Dr Connors.
But they didn't
Tony is left with questions and Harry is finally free.
Thor blinked and looked at his brother, who was once upon a time his wife, the mother of his son, their son.
He turns, to see the winter soldier one hand clutching a gun the other around Peter  and gives the man a nod thanks before they too part ways.
1. I can post the entire story within the next few days.
She turns as they reach her and she smiles.
"If you do not like the way they treat you brother, why don't you tell Stark the truth"
(See the end of the chapter for
And Peter continues to walk.
“And where would be look?” Gamora asks, speaking for the first time since they came back from the soul world.
“Nevertheless brother you cannot come as you wish” Thor exclaimed.
Suddenly Sam is afraid very very afraid.
Once he’s there he finds the rest of the avengers in the room all clustered by one corner.
“Get lost, cyborg” A higher more feminine voice answered presumably Quill replied. “Like you know any more than I do”
“Do you know how we can get back to earth” she continued on and asked, something which Gamora was ashamed to admit she did not think about, she had just assumed that Peter was coming for the them. The other one not stupid Quill. Being what amounted to a ritual sacrifice had really messed with her mind, she was acting as dumb witted as the rest of her team did on a regular basis. Maybe around Quill had finally rubbed off, she thought she could always feel herself lose more and more braincells every time they interacted.
With what greets him in the other side he almost wishes he had.
"What have I told you about lurking brother, especially here, after new york"
"Brother" He said, setting down Mjolnir. "You startled me." The god of mischief lips twisted up in a slight sly smirk. He was pleased with himself, as that was his goal.
Tony said this in just about one breath, he could not take it if his nephew didn’t believe him. His baby sister’s little boy. Tony was devastated when out of nowhere his parents had decided to give her up.
That he died for the world.
He grabbed hold onto Sirius’ proffered arm and his godfather spun on his heel and for a spilt second, they both experienced the nauseating sensation of being squeezed through a tight tube and being spat out on the other end. Thankfully Harry was much better at side along apparition than flooing and managed to land on his feet quite gracefully. No sooner had they left, the flower beds began to wilt, and an unusual chill swept through the streets.
The avengers let out a loud laugh.
“I am unsure dear, I told him to make himself scarce when we sat down for dinner” Vernon signed and turned towards Dudley
When he looks up he spots Peter hanging onto the celling like well like a spider, hissing at anyone who comes close. Even Tony
He at last came to the end of the parchments and signed his name at the bottom next to Sirius’ signature. He was finally free.
The others slowly back away. Very very scared all of a sudden.
“I have missed you pup”
Peter keeps on walking until something changes and he see’s another figure in the distance and he knows just like he knew with the soul stone that this figure was Gamora daughter of Thanos.
“Pet is the boy done with his chores outside yet?” Vernon asked.
And just like that the figure leaves.
Peter let out a put-upon sigh, making a few of the avengers laugh.
“Your aunt arrived; he went to catch her up before they came back into the room.” The man answered steadily, his attention already held elsewhere as he made to leave the room. He was never good with a lot of people in the room, Peter thinks it has more to do with the fact that he doesn’t really like any of them than any anxiety he may have like would be the case with Peter.
