But there came a knock on the door, effectively interrupting their moment. The smell of their food made John realize how starving he was – and Sherlock seemed equally sidetracked. Their conversation, consequently, was put on hold.
John’s eyes widened and he stared at Sherlock for a few seconds before his face broke in a smile ‘‘Yes’’ he said.
Sherlock watched John removing the yellow overall though the storm glass in his door, and when he noticed that John’s head was facing his way, he turned around and went for his wardrobe.
John felt something tug on his chest at the rawness of his request, but he forced on a smile before saying ‘‘Alright then. Let’s get you out of those clothes, yeah?’’
‘‘You were always pathetic. You asked for a divorce to get my money, and then had to do monstrosities to see it through’’
John took off her shoes and socks too, before diving in for another kiss. Sherlock, with the part of her brain which still seemed to be working, deduced quite brilliantly that John was only wearing her jeans (
John’s legs failed him, but Sherlock was right there with him, guiding them both to the floor so he could pull John half on his lap. John’s hands were adherent to Sherlock’s coat, his face buried in the detective’s scarf, secured within Sherlock’s arms. No matter how much John’s mind tried to describe what they were doing, he couldn’t ignore the horrible sobs coming from his mouth, the tears soaking his face. He wanted to be done, he wanted to go back to being numb, but he couldn’t.
Sherlock clenched his jaw and brought his hands up to place his fingers against his temples. ‘‘But the six Thatchers… The aquarium… Mary… she…’’
John laughed, placing his hands on Sherlock’s hips and giving him a last kiss on his neck before turning him around and leading him to the kitchen table.
‘‘How is it any worse than the other reasons why you choose to have sex?’’ Sherlock sounded petulant, genuinely curious. John wanted, rather insanely, to smooch his cheeks together and kiss his pouting mouth.
‘‘Oh! Boys, I nearly forgot’’ Mrs. Hudson startled both of them by her screech and by placing a rather large bowl of sweets in front of them. ‘‘Mrs. Turner’s tenants make these every year and they always offer me some. Aren’t they adorable?’’
‘‘John, yes, good. Perfect. You’re here. I need. I need-’’ Said detective was pacing around Lestrade’s office, glancing at John with the same focus that he glanced at the crime photos displayed on the desk. His big wide eyes the only crack on the indifference mask that he usually put on.
Sherlock looked scandalized. ‘‘I respect her as an adversary. Someone who bested me. I certainly don’t trust or like her. Much less feel any sort of attraction towards her. Sexual or otherwise’’
‘‘The Mark Wilks I knew was blind’’ He said, shaking his head ‘‘We didn’t even consider him a suspect’’
Sherlock couldn’t blame his behavior on an experiment or on a case this time. He was merely bored, and John wasn’t home to make him feel… better. Sherlock had gone to the clinic in an attempt to make John come back to the flat, and he deduced all of the patients on the premise.
‘‘A…a wife? A sibling?’’ John frowned, looking throw Jonathan’s file until realization lit up his face ‘‘He lived with his brother’’. Sherlock smiled.
can also… make sweets’’ John frowned, strangely offended by a couple of candy canes. Sherlock looked at the army doctor, incredulous, before he was taken over by a laugh fit.
John looked at Mycroft, raising his eyebrows ‘‘How the hell did you hear that?’’ he asked, even though it lacked the conviction and anger it would have had two years ago. John’s motto now-a-days was ‘resignation’.
. But wasn’t John Watson the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. They had met only a couple of weeks from that day, when Sherlock interrupted what would have been a marriage proposal, but it still felt like ages ago.
‘‘I could never hurt you, love’’ John said, finally holding Sherlock’s wrists, only aware of the term of endearment after he said it, when Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelief. John raised one hand to run his fingers through Sherlock’s dirty hair, and decided that he needed a plan ‘‘How about we order some food, and while we wait for it we get you cleaned up?’’
He only realized he was crying when Harry came to sit beside him, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. He willed himself to calm down, finished the glass of water before standing up and walking towards the bathroom.
Mycroft hummed and sipped from his cup before saying ‘‘Well, you are probably curious as to why I’m here’’. John just shrugged, trying to convey as much indifference as he could muster as he listened intently.
. Sh. Sh. Sh. Don’t try to fight it, my dear. We have all the time in the world’’ He got up and sat cross-legged on the floor, right in front of Sherlock. He ran his fingers through the detective’s hair ‘‘This is so fun. Coming back to life, I mean. What’s happening
Sherlock thought as his impeding deduction slipped away. ‘‘Can I ask you things? About your childhood, teenage years…’’ John murmured, still holding Sherlock’s hand, whose owner nodded. ‘‘What were your Christmases like, when you still lived with your parents?’’
‘‘I like this plan’’ He said, right against Sherlock’s lips ‘‘I really do, but I think I have a better one’’
John had already arrived when Sherlock went downstairs. He was leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his favorite Christmas jumper, and his face erupted in a smile when their eyes met.
After a few minutes of this, Sherlock tried to mimic John’s movements, sucking on John’s bottom lip, pulling at it with his teeth, and
John felt like it went on for ages. Eventually Sherlock subsided, content to only stroke John’s hair and press his lips on his forehead, over and over again. John’s sobbing became sniffing. And then it became nothing. They held each other like they were frightened a false move would make the other pull away. John’s growling stomach was what forced them apart.
John was pulled into a hug. The Watsons were, historically, not huggers. The last Watson that hugged John had been his mother. Right now, he could have sworn he smelt her fruity shampoo. John cleared his throat, because the Watsons weren’t criers, either.
‘‘Children, my phone is ringing. Stop this’’ She yelled, then to the phone her tone took an approachable edge ‘‘Hello, Harry Watson speaking’’ but her posture changed to a tired one, and she said with impatience ‘‘Hello, father’’ She looked at John ‘‘You want me to pick you up tomorrow at… yeah, fine. See you later then’’ She hung up and took a deep breath.
‘‘I need to get you the perfect gift’’ Sherlock said, only half paying attention to John, who had began to frown.
‘‘We had to throw it all away’’ John answered stiffly. Robert hummed as he made his plate, pushing it to Sherlock and silently asking him to heat it, which he did. John came to sit beside Sherlock, tugging on his knee gently.
‘‘John, you are not paying attention’’ Sherlock returned the video again and paused it ‘‘this is about a serial killer that, between the years 2006 and 2010, brutally murdered thirty three women all over the UK. The official report said twenty six but I’ve discovered the final seven in other cold cases. Our capable Scotland Yard failed to see the connection, apparently’’
Sherlock grunted, displeased, ‘‘I’ll do it’’ he said, but didn’t proceed to do it. They kissed for rather a long time after that, actually. ‘‘Jooohn’’ he eventually wined, probably upset that John’s clothes weren’t removed by sheer mental force alone.
John shook his head, ‘‘Nothing, it’s just...’’ He bit his lip, inhaling deeply for courage, ‘‘I’m sorry I put you through that’’
‘‘John’’ Sherlock moaned, and the sound made John freeze. He kissed Sherlock’s pulse point one last time before moving backwards, eyes closed and a frown between his eyebrows.
And Jesus fucking Christ if John didn’t almost bite his fist to keep from coming. He squeezed his dick at the base and bent down to lick at Sherlock’s hole, getting it wet and loose and ready.
I was really upset with season 4, and this was the way I found to feel better, so thank you for indulging me :D
‘‘Sorry’’ He tried to say. It came out high pitched and breathy. He bent over, his laughter starting to cramp his stomach. ‘‘I’m the most-’’ John breathed, ‘‘Pathetic human being’’
This time Sherlock had a good reason (or he thought he did), for Lestrade had called him with a case just 15 minutes after John left with what’s-her-name.
‘‘Or maybe it’s because your father will be here on Christmas day’’ Sherlock backed away to look at John’s face, his analytical eyes sweeping over his every feature trying to deduce his feelings, but all Sherlock could see was how beautiful John was (
‘‘I remembered something’’ Sherlock said, his soup nearly finished. John just looked at him, waiting for him to continue ‘‘I don’t really know if it was real or not, but I’m guessing it was. The forged memories seemed to be… thematic, in a way’’ Sherlock casted a quick glance at John before continuing ‘‘There was someone saying a word to me… ‘Redbeard’’’
John pulled the string of his dog tag and looked at it with a raised eyebrow. When he met Sherlock’s eyes, the detective was blushing. ‘‘I thought that it would be useful to have that-’’
. He took a few calming breaths as John held him. ‘‘I wish I could tell you something that will make it all better. That will make you see that everything is okay…’’ he whispered, kissing Sherlock’s forehead.
His brother was kneeling, looking at Sherlock calmly and reassuringly ‘‘Little Brother’’ He said, smiling ‘‘Remember Redbeard’’
‘‘Oh, I’m quite dead’’ Mycroft smiled, folding his hands on his lap, looking around the room – the same Victorian room that Sherlock made his own when he tried to investigate the murder of Amelia Riccoletti. ‘‘I’m always impressed by your attention to detail in your mind palace’’
The Watson siblings didn’t exchange many words, comfortably asking each other yes or no questions to fill the time.
Sherlock tried to breathe out the discomfort, the smell of Tabaco the least of his concerns ‘‘Did you… like her?’’
‘‘Oh!’’ Sherlock exclaimed clapping his hands, interrupting the conversation John and Mrs. Hudson were having, before running up to their flat to change his clothes.
‘‘You flatter me’’ He shook his head, smiling ‘‘But seriously, love, we kissed for the first time half an hour ago. There is no pressure for us to do this right now. Or at all, really’’
‘‘Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock and I haven’t paid rent since March 2010. It’s okay’’ John said, making their landlady giggle and hit him in the arm, and after that Sherlock stopped paying attention again.
John studied his face for a while before nodding and making his way towards Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen. Sherlock took a deep breath when he looked at Robert, who was smirking, and raised his hand, indicating the stairs.
John exhaled, shaking his head again, ‘‘You don’t like her because you think she will affect our friendship’’
The metaphor was quite obvious. It went beyond abusive spouses and unbreakable marriages. Sherlock made the connection to him and his own horrible life, but John finds that to be very unfair to Ed Shewan, the dog slayer.
John started pressing kisses all over Sherlock’s face, washing him in praises and affection. They were interrupted when someone cleared their throat.
‘‘We both did’’ Sherlock murmured. He walked towards the kitchen to prepare them both some tea, and John followed him.
‘‘I’ve been told that I’m very good with my hips’’ He murmured, rolling said hips to illustrate that argument.
John tugged on his hair a little, ‘‘You are so naughty’’, but his voice didn’t sound reprehensive. It sounded awed.
Sherlock frowned, waiting for John to continue before everything clicked, before the deduction that he’d been expecting for the past 12 days finally came. Sherlock remembered John’s nervousness, his apprehension.
‘‘Stop’’ John said, placing an index finger on Sherlock’s forehead. He had a private smile on his lips, laugher lines around his eyes, and Sherlock’s mind really did stop. ‘‘I just came to bring you some water. And, hum, well… ask you what you wanna have for lunch?’’
John closed his eyes, running his palms against his face and counting to ten before he put on his coat and boots. He took out his phone and tried to call Sherlock, but the detective’s mobile had been turned off. ‘‘If he comes back, tell him to call me’’ John said to Harry.
Once there, though, Sherlock deduced in less than 3 minutes that it had been, in fact, the owner who had killed Matthew, and for no apparent reason other than to prove he could. He welcomed Sherlock with a smile, offering to help him in any way he could.
‘‘Sherlock’’ John whispered, taking an assessing look at the scars which seemed to have heaved and the ones that didn’t. Sherlock was wearing his dog tag. John ran his fingers lightly on Sherlock’s shoulders and his nape, just on the edges of the string, before sitting on the coffee table and getting to work.
Sherlock was lying on the sofa when she heard the front door opening and John Watson’s incidental steps towards the stairs.
Sherlock blushed furiously, a pink hue coloring his cheeks and neck, which he could see since Sherlock had taken out all of his layers to be wearing only his pants. He supported himself on his elbows to watch John remove his own clothes, and John had to take a deep calming breath as he turned around to turn out the lights. They got under the covers looking at each other’s silhouette and laid down on their sides, facing each other without touching. John made the first move by bringing Sherlock closer, the warmth of his bare skin making a shiver go down John’s spine.
‘‘Look, John, its three in the morning. You just showed up at my house insultingly drunk and upset and feeling sorry for yourself – a horrible combination, by the way – so could you just tell me what’s wrong so that I can move on with my life’’
John froze upon seeing Sherlock Holmes, the love of his life, completely immobilized by fear and shame. The first thing that John thought was that he was going to kill Mycroft with his bare hands.
‘‘But I love you so much’’ John whispered back, raising his chin to press his mouth against Sherlock’s. He pulled back with a frown, ‘‘But! You look very silly in my clothes, William. We’re gonna have to break up’’ he said, which made Sherlock giggle and hide his face on John’s neck, who involved him in a tight hug, rocking him from side to side.
The thing with villains, is that is not only the law that they fear. The boogie monster has many faces.
‘‘Sherlock’’ it was barely a word. John’s heart was beating fast, his breathing was shallow, and now he couldn’t make words of sentences anymore. Sherlock wasn’t in the kitchen. John didn’t see where he went, ‘‘Sherlock?’’
When he was thirteen, this meant calling the police and, later, the funeral office after his mother was found in the attic. It took two days for tears to finally fall, by which point he was rendered completely incapable of getting out of his bedroom for weeks.
‘‘You want to let him in?’’ John asked, bemused. Sherlock took one of his hands in his, enlacing their fingers, and kissed him quickly on the mouth before directing his attention at Robert.
Sherlock shook his head, sniffing, before taking a deep breath and saying ‘‘I’m sorry for… for’’ And John interrupted him with a kiss to his nape and a nuzzle to his hair.
But it was so much easier to believe that he wasn’t enough. So easy to let all his insecurities take over and hide away in his mind palace… to believe that John would be better off with someone like Nile, or anyone else who hasn’t hurt him the way Sherlock has. Images of his ‘suicide’ pop in his mind, how John reacted to it.
John closed his eyes for a second too long, looked at Sherlock’s body on top of him like he couldn’t believe he was John’s, and Sherlock rolled his hips again. ‘‘
John let out his manly chuckle – which in some cultures, including the western, would be considered a giggle – and bit his lip. ‘‘I can’t judge. There are some things that technically belong to you that I’ve also been using to calm me down’’
And Sherlock said, rather quickly and without stopping to take a breath ‘‘Moriarty was in the roof and he said that I should kill myself or else he would kill you. But I thought that that would happen so me and Mycroft-’’ And John interrupted him with a ‘shh’ to his ear.
Christmas eve felt surreal in a way that Sherlock couldn’t quite explain. Birds were chipping and the sunlight was too strong for his taste, but Sherlock wasn’t irritated. John was sleeping peacefully by his side, and Sherlock couldn’t help running a finger gently down his nose, his lips and his jawline. He did that for quite a while before John’s lips twitched in a smile, his eyes still closed, and his hand came to rest on Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock sighed, making a show out of complaining about it even though John knew he secretly enjoyed playing with snow. John brought his hands to Sherlock’s stomach and the last thing he saw were Sherlock’s frightened eyes before he began to tickle him.
Sherlock turned his chair to face Mycroft as he felt John tensing beside him, reaching for a gun on his back.
John gripped the dumpster, eyes already shut so tightly that his head was starting to hurt. He counted the seconds, reaching 57 before Sherlock exhaled loudly.
‘‘Who we are’’ Sherlock swallowed, inhaling deeply ‘‘it matters. Even when people try to convince us that it doesn’t’’
to pick him up. He doesn’t even need to know your number. He doesn’t know mine’’ John said and Sherlock took his hand, intertwining their fingers. John looked at him with a small smile.
‘‘I remember drinking and throwing up’’ Alice said, unaware of the inappropriate touching going on in front of her.
‘‘All of our friends will be having so much fun, talking about the weather all night long’’ Alice said in the same dead tone.
John’s face softened. He ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and pressed his lips to Sherlock forehead. ‘‘I know you are scared. I’m scared too. But you will not face this alone anymore’’ He kissed Sherlock softly, gently, reassuringly. ‘‘Is that okay?’’
‘‘Are you… are you trying to compete against Mrs. Turner’s married ones?’’ Sherlock wheezed out though his laughter.
Sherlock nodded, unconsciously raising his chin asking for another one, and John seemed happy to oblige. He straightened up again to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
She was quiet for a while, and when John turned to look at her, she had her head bowed and her hands in a prayer position.
Settling into this role was as easy as being a doctor. As easy as being a soldier. As easy as being in love with Sherlock Holmes. His voice didn’t waiver, ‘‘I’ll have to touch you, is that alright?’’
-I’m sorry – Sherlock sobbed, tears uninhibited, and continued mumbling – I know I shouldn’t have left you. I didn’t want to leave you. I didn’t. I
Crime scenes are never easy, but the victims of serial killers are somehow harder to look at. There is an emotional detachment more obvious in their bruises. The way that their bodies are placed and arranged in the last moments of their lives, like they ceased to be human. Serial killers don’t even have the dignity to hate their victims.
Sherlock let out a breathy laughter, and took the daisies and sunflowers from John’s hand, looking at them intently. ‘‘It isn’t’’ he whispered, daintily, his chin to his chest, a blush on his cheeks. His eyes met John’s, ‘‘Stupid, I mean’’
‘‘I love you’’ he said in response, more to exorcise any bad energy still there than anything else. But he kissed Sherlock again, and whispered ‘‘
. Years of pent up emotion and affection prevented them from having any sort of finesse in the act. Sherlock just knew that he needed John to touch him in all the right places, to tug and push and pull and
‘‘Right. He did tell me that he quit, something about it not being stimulating enough’’ Lestrade emended, not really paying attention to anything (not even the papers which he was signing) so he missed Sherlock’s confused expression.
Honestly, the photos didn’t provide any more clarity than what he had surmised on the crime scene. All eight victims had signs of having practiced one type or another of bondage, of being asphyxiated, of having been a part of a BDSM scene. John looked at Sherlock again, already shaking his head apologetically.
The detective moaned in annoyance, kissing John again, until he placed both hands on Sherlock’s chest to keep him away.
’’ He ignoring the way his stomach turned and his heart squeezed unpleasantly. John sighed, ‘‘Irene is literally you in female form. Why isn’t she enough?’’
One of the henchmen stepped closer to Sherlock, murmuring ‘‘We can’t find him, sir. He is not in his sell’’
They had slept so much that they skipped breakfast and went straight into lunch, with Harry casting looks at them every other minute. John raised an eyebrow at her, and she sighed ‘‘As you know I had a little party planned for today. However I can cancel it and-’’
Sherlock blinked rapidly, a flutter of eyelashes, and for a solid minute he just gaped at John. Said army doctor patiently waited for Sherlock’s next move, which was to say ‘‘I’m sorry, I stopped listening when you touched my face, what did you say?’’
John sighed, ‘‘I don’t want to do this for an experiment’’ He tried to sound resolute and managed only just.
His voice turned small. ‘‘You can spank me, but I don’t want you to really be upset with me. Not even in a scene’’
‘‘There is the added benefit of cheaper groceries, too. I don’t mind the vegan beefs or vegan snacks, you know? Just give me some broccoli’’
John’s heart squeezed tight. He wanted nothing more than to care for and spoil this beautiful man. ‘‘Would you like me to?’’
‘‘I was wondering if it still fit’’ John laughed, pulling down the sleeves of his jacket by its cufflinks then running his fingers through his hair, a smirk on his lips. He focused on Sherlock, who was using the wall of the lab they’d just broke into as support ‘‘You okay?’’
‘‘Really?’’ he said ‘‘I didn’t even notice’’ which made John smirk, way too proud of himself. Sherlock chuckled at him before picking up his phone and seeing the name of the caller ‘‘Someone better have died in the most interesting way possible, Graham’’
‘‘No, Sherlock’’ He sighed, rubbing his face ‘‘Irene’s password wasn’t my birthday. Why would it be?’’ He looked at Sherlock, who had already turned his attention back to his microscope. He was dressed today, for a change, which John considered a blessing. The sheets were going to be the death of him and Mrs. Hudson (though for different reasons). ‘‘I could just tell you the pas-’’
‘‘In my room as well’’ John said just as quietly, breathing in deeply. And there it was, the tension, something strong forcing all of the air out of Sherlock’s lungs. He nervously ran his tongue on his lower lip, and John’s eyes followed the movement.
Sherlock looked amazing. Beautiful. Perfect. Lustful. Aroused, In love. Heart-breaking. He nodded, ‘‘More than okay, John’’ and his voice was a whisper, but it was certain. He raised his hips so John could pull his trousers down, and John took the opportunity to remove the detective’s pants, as well.
‘‘You’ll see him yourself in three days’’ Harry answered, her tone and face grim ‘‘He insisted on spending Christmas with us’’
‘‘Alright then’’ Harry said, getting up to put her plate in the sink. ‘‘This non-alcoholic party is gonna rock’’ she continued without any emotion.
‘‘I mean… London’s economy is horrible after the Brexit, so there’s that’’ John’s hands tightened on the steering wheel.
John nodded, taking a deep breath, and smiled. He smiled his real smile, not his pretend one. He let Sherlock see it, again. He vouched to always let Sherlock see it, from now own. He took the envelops, noting that they had dates in the back, and were in order from the oldest to the newest.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. He bit his lip, looking at John’s face intently. He swallowed a few times, but it was only when his breathing sped up that John became concerned.
-Who knew that you would be such a sap? – John pulled Sherlock in for another kiss – A sap that is wearing too many clothes, I might add.
John set his jaw. Why was getting mocked by Sherlock somehow a hundred times worse than almost dying in the desert? He had to go for the kill. ‘‘This is how, while Irene Adler was manipulating you as easily as taking candy from a child, I saw right through her’’
John moved to take the envelops, but Sherlock took a step back, ‘‘Remember what you promised’’ He looked frightened again.
John grinded down, pulling both of Sherlock’s knees up and pushing them on the bed, sucking another mark on that gorgeous neck. ‘‘That’s right, beautiful. Let me hear you’’
A word that could describe the before Irene Adler was ‘flirty’, so much so that John was honestly considering making a move. The intimacy that they shared was simple – brushing hands against shoulders and napes, silent smiles before bed and brushing their toes below the kitchen table.
‘‘Oh?’’ John walked over to him, ‘‘Perhaps I should try a version that doesn’t involve talking, then’’
John guided him out of their flat, and Sherlock welcomed the warm seat of John’s car without any questions, sighing in relief as John’s hand came to rest against his thigh. ‘‘Thank you, John’’ he said, not really sure what he was thankful for.
‘‘Excellent!’’ Sherlock yelled, interrupting Lestrade, and said before hanging up ‘‘I’ll go get John’’
‘‘There are a few faint bruises on her arms and cheeks. Giving the patterns, I would say that her partner used the Hammerlock to bondage her arms’’ John’s face was burning uncomfortably, ‘‘And asphyxiated her by closing her mouth and nose’’ He demonstrated on himself, wanting to die, ‘‘Of course, it’s probably all wrong’’ he coughed out a laugh, finally looking at Sherlock.
John hiccupped. But it might have been a sob, ‘‘Yes’’, he inhaled deeply, ‘‘Does that make me a horrible person?’’
John shrugged, feigning indifference ‘‘Wasn’t the life that I wanted. Wasn’t the person I wanted to spend it with’’
‘‘Can I make you something?’’ Sherlock whispered, then he cleared his throat, but he didn’t let go of John.
And really, Sherlock should pay John compliments more often, because his answering grin was radiant, even if it didn’t last long. John parked in front of the Inn and Sherlock was just about to leave the car when John’s hand caught his.
John turned him around matter-of-factly, putting him in all fours, and Sherlock yelped in surprise. John’s tongue resumed its ministrations.
Eventually Sherlock just rested his head on John’s chest, listening to his heartbeat, while John lightly ran his fingertips on Sherlock’s scalp.
‘‘That was the name of my childhood pet, a bloodhound. He… well, I never had many friends and he was… he was my friend. He became very ill, so my family had to put him down’’ Sherlock frowned ‘‘I was very upset, and-’’
John sat in his chair, too stunned to even breathe for a while. At his first shuddering inhale he got up and made his way towards Sherlock’s door.
The Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers were known to be legends among the military community, hence why being one of them literally opened doors. Sherlock had asked John why, once, and the doctor told him tales of their feats, but never the one truly responsible for their fame. Moreover, between all the seven fusiliers who composed the Fifth, John was the only one who knew the whole story – being the only one who survived Kandahar unharmed. Not even the official file – given to Sherlock by Mycroft -  had all the information.
‘‘Elegant’’ Sherlock murmured, finally excited for the case ‘‘Molly, test and see if John’s theory is right. John, you go talk to the fiancée and then you meet me at the club’’
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment, his expression soft and hopeful and absolutely beautiful. ‘‘John, y-’’
‘‘Mark me’’ Sherlock whispered, and it must have been the right thing to say because John groaned loudly and did just that, biting and sucking on the skin offered to him.
John pressed his lips against Sherlock’s neck, jawline and cheekbones, only stopping to nuzzle at his hair. ‘‘We are’’ he agreed.
‘‘John, never underestimate your importance to the work’’ Sherlock said before he could think better of it. He blushed and cleared his throat, realizing that, even though John could never know the magnitude of his importance to Sherlock, he could at least know a part of it ‘‘It’s… better… when you are there… with me’’
- get into me’’ Sherlock murmured to John’s ear and another hiccup erupted. It was John’s time to widen his eyes, and he bit his lip to keep from laughing at the innuendo.
call him that to his face. Please’’ Sherlock chuckled, and John laughed with him. The was a beat of silence and uncertainty before Sherlock said ‘‘What about yours?’’
‘‘Did I tell you to strip?’’ John said, staring at Sherlock’s purple pants, the contrast between it and Sherlock’s beautiful skin. He moved closer to Sherlock letting his eyes wander, ‘‘I want to lick every inch of you’’
. John took a deep breath, and Sherlock remembered that there were two things that John wanted to say.
‘‘Yeah’’ John said, mirth dancing on his face ‘‘let’s eat out today. We can buy safety clothes and a couple of acids to clean the kitchen while we’re at it’’
‘‘Weren’t some people screaming in pain? I’m sure I remember that’’ Sherlock said, not even caring that his voice was too breathy to be acceptable.
Sherlock nodded, and he rubbed his chest absently, like it was hurting too. He looked down at the bouquet.
Sherlock shook his head, looking down at John fondly ‘‘She’s alive, somewhere. And I never had feelings for Irene Adler’’ There was a beat of silence, but he continued, almost shyly ‘‘Why are you asking me about her?’’
, Sherlock thought, as he splashed water in his face again and again until the door of the bathroom shutting broke him out of it.
Sherlock was still looking at the table. He shook his head. He guided John to his chair, never letting go of his hand, then moved around the kitchen to get water for both of them.
John watched him pout around the filter, waiting until he released the smoke before taking the cigarette and taking a drag himself. He hated it, but this is what he did. If he looked at Sherlock’s hair, he pretended there was something there. If he looked at Sherlock’s neck, he pretended to care where his scarf had gone. If he looked at Sherlock’s lips, he pretended he wanted the cigarette between them.
‘‘Wake up both of you and help me clean this mess’’ Harry Watson, a person Sherlock used to consider a friend, yelled from the hallway, making both of them freeze.
Sherlock came closer to him, eyes looking everywhere but at John’s. ‘‘You’re not leaving, are you?’’. And his tone was so small and vulnerable that John felt his heart being squeezed impossibly tight. Had he known Sherlock would be this upset, he wouldn’t have kept himself away.
John stayed quiet for way too long, so Sherlock intervened ‘‘John was an army doctor. He saved the lives of countless young men who couldn’t chose not to go to war, and he continues to save lives in the work we do nowadays’’
He leant down and kissed Sherlock’s open lips, trying to make him believe that he was loved, that he was cherished for who he was, including all of the trades that Sherlock considered to be his flaws.
He didn’t wait for a reply. John turned around and continued walking. He wanted to run, but he thought it would look ridiculous. It would feel pathetic. But he already was pathetic, so what was the point of pretending he wasn’t.
After Irene Adler, however, Sherlock distanced himself, and their intimacy was reduced to what casual acquaintances have. Well, to what colleagues have. No more hands brushing against shoulders, and definitely no more penis jokes. Again, John’s priorities were the ones of a trash can, and so not in the right place.
Lestrade stopped writing to look at him with one eyebrow raised (as did Donavan). ‘‘It’s not for you, it’s for a friend?’’
John shrugged and drank, but his mind was focused on the detective, ‘‘So you want to have a relationship’’
Sherlock allowed himself to be in his mind palace for a while, only paying attention to the food he was eating, before Mrs. Hudson said something that made him lose his focus.
This up close, John could see the detective shivering, ‘‘Are you cold?’’ he said, and raised a hand to stroke Sherlock’s arm.
Sherlock pulled him to the kitchen by his hand, not saying a word. They both froze when they saw that the table was set, and there was a steaming lasagne in the middle of it.
‘‘So the real question is: how did I imagine all of that? It felt real, John. Everything that happened. But no mind palace can make all of that up without stimulants, and I only willingly took them a couple of weeks from now’’ Sherlock frowned, listing in his mind a number of drugs that could have been given to him without him knowing.
‘‘Sherlock!’’ He yelled as he made a path towards the city center. He tried to call his phone again, feeling his eyes watering. He should have known that no one is immune to that monster’s manipulation. Their mother wasn’t, Clara hadn’t been and now Sherlock…
Sherlock had fantasized about having sex with John more often than he was willing to admit. He’d wondered how John’s hands would feel against his thighs and how his lips would feel between them. He’d wondered how John’s body would taste like, what it would feel like beneath his fingers. He’d wondered what John would say, what he would sound like.
So Sherlock proceeded to being kissed at multiple areas of her chest, and some of her neck. John eventually placed the tip of her finger on Sherlock’s bottom lip.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up alone to the sound of the shower running. He smiled, stretching himself on the bed before running to the bathroom to join the love of his life.
‘‘If you know who we are than you should know better than to tell me to leave my boyfriend alone in this ambulance’’ John, no, Captain Watson said, taking Sherlock’s hand in his.
Sherlock sat up straight on the tub at that, slashing water around and effectively wetting John’s trousers. ‘‘John, it’s my fault that your wife is dead. She gave her life for mine, jumped in front of a bullet. Why are you pretending that it never happened?’’
And Sherlock, who rarely allowed herself to hope, did just that. She raised her eyes to John’s beautiful ones, seeing nothing but affection there. She was trying to communicate something, to show what her words couldn’t, but Sherlock – the brightest person in any room - was slow on the message.
And he would never let Sherlock be cold ever again. Just as he knew that, if he ever fell apart, Sherlock would be right there to offer him his heart.
‘‘I’ve never deliberately done it, but I’m sure I can try’’ Sherlock whispered, and John placed his hands on Sherlock’s waist to turn him around.
John thought that, once in their room, he was going to have to negotiate with Drunk-Sherlock a different time for him to strip-tease to John, but as soon as Sherlock’s head touched the pillow, he started snoring.
‘‘John, I just remembered that I have an appointment’’ Sherlock almost screeched, finally turning around with an expression that he hoped didn’t convey the fear that he was feeling. He rushed to the door and grabbed his coat and scarf ‘‘Can we do this when I get back?’’ and he left the flat before John (who at this point just sat there, bemused) could say anything.
Sherlock watched John for a couple of minutes, before lying in his own bed and entering his mind palace, which was quieter and more stable than it was the day before. Using John as a decoder ring for his memories proved to be an effective way to sort out the truth from the fiction. He couldn’t tell for sure if his meeting with Mycroft and Lady Smallwood had been real, but he assumed it was, since he wasn’t currently in prison. The day after that, however, on January 3rd, someone began to plant false memories in his mind.
, John though, as his eyes cast over Sherlock’s thin frame. There was a scrub on his cheeks, which were too hollow for John’s liking. He was fidgeting from one foot to the other, a teapot in one hand and the kettle in the opposite. He placed them on the table, running his hands on his hair.
He closed the door and leaned against it, mumbling a ‘goodbye’ before hanging up. He didn’t want to think about what all of the meant. He couldn’t. The reasoning that he had come to – under Ella’s supervision – was that Sherlock killed himself after Moriarty destroyed his image. The premise was that John wasn’t that important, and so jumping in front of him wasn’t a big sacrifice. Needless to say the grieving process wasn’t as healthy as it could have been.
Sherlock grinned, shaking his head, and he pulled John down again so he could rest his head on his doctor’s chest. John wasn't convinced, but he let it slide. It was clear Sherlock liked a little pain. John made a mental note to keep lub in every part of the house.
, John wondered – still hoping, with his mind locked on how well the words ‘Sherlock’ and ‘Watson’ went together - but said ‘‘I’ve never been there’’
In the first few months of cohabitating Sherlock’s heart would beat faster for no reason, she would – dear god – blush all the time. Not to mention the countless times when she had to refrain from smiling. Realizing her feelings only made it worse, somehow. She dreamt of morning kisses, of cuddling on the sofa, of John’s hands combing her hair. She fantasized about late night kisses, about cuddling in her bed, about John’s hands massaging her back.
John decided to overlook that last part – even though he really wanted to ask – to focus on the subject at hand. ‘‘So, it’s Mycroft, then. The person who’s been drugging you’’ John got up from his chair and walked around the room ‘‘He’s the one who kept me away from you for all those months, too. ‘An attack in imminent’ he said. ‘You’ll just put Sherlock in danger’’’
‘‘I don’t understand’’ He said, his voice small and a bit petulant. John smiled at his tone, so much like his usual self.
Sherlock bit his lip and frowned, kicking himself mentally for being responsible for changing the mood so abruptly. ‘‘I mean… I just want to be somewhere where we can do…
‘‘Oh’’ he said, and seemed to remember that his hands were still in John’s head, because he began to tug on it.
Sherlock was examining the dead violinist’s body, while John followed the trail of blood that lead to a very obvious red hand print on the wall of the man’s apartment. A very large hand print. John raised his (
Sherlock backed away to look at John’s face, eyes flicking between his features as a slight blush formed on his cheeks. He must have been embarrassed for his reaction, because he started to pull away from John. The doctor, however, was having none of it, and pressed Sherlock even closer against himself.
Sherlock looked at the door, trying to determine if she was out of ear shot, before directing his eyes at John and rolling his hips again. John gave a long exhale and placed his hands on Sherlock’s arse, bringing him closer, and they were just starting to pick up the pace again when-
John laughed again, giggling until his forehead came to rest on Sherlock’s chest. He lifted his face, running his nose up Sherlock’s neck and murmured ‘‘would you mind terribly if I kissed you?’’ which effectively reduced Sherlock to a pile of goose bumps.
Sherlock bit his lip as his eyes met John’s. With his back still against the wall, he slid his feet forward until he was looking up at John, and whatever the captain saw in his face made him stop laughing. There was a tension in the air, pressure against Sherlock’s chest and heat coiling in his belly. His eyes cast down to John’s lips, his neck, his hands… Sherlock didn’t know what he wanted, exactly, and he didn’t know what to say.
He wiped away the water in his face to see John’s reflection standing by one of the stalls. Sherlock tried to smile ‘‘I was… well, a bit hot in there. I just came to…hum’’
Sherlock resumed his position on top of John, wiggling his still clothed hips and sucking on John’s throat. ‘‘John’’ he sounded pained, and John moved his hands to that perfect and round and sinful little arse. Sherlock moaned, bringing his knees up either side of John’s hips to gain some leverage.
‘‘But look’’ Sherlock played it again ‘‘This isn’t the first time that he has seen these women. Now, I’ve checked, no woman had her face released to the public, only their names, so how could he have seen them?’’
Sherlock looked down, guilt rising up his throat like acid. He took another sip, working up some courage ‘‘Do you… see that kind of dynamic… with us?’’ he whispered.
John raised his eyebrows, inhaling deeply, ‘‘We can try whatever you want. Just not because it’s what you think I want or need’’
‘‘0-4-2-5’’ Sherlock said, and John watched though the corner of his eyes as the detective raised his chin defiantly.
Sherlock took a deep breath, and nodded, rising stiffly from his knees, his trousers doing nothing to hide his own erection. Especially when he, bashful, put his hands in front of it and ran to John’s room before either one of them could comment on it.
Sherlock wet his lips, looking at John’s, blue eyes unblinking like they didn’t want to miss a thing. ‘‘That would be best, yes’’
‘‘The Tapaluni Fever’’ said a voice from behind them. Sherlock and John turned to discover that Mycroft had entered the lab, and was standing by the threshold with a dozen armed men behind him. ‘‘It’s just starting to hit the market of western China as a powerful hallucinogenic, which people colloquially call ‘dream catcher’’’
Sherlock shook his head, frowning and looking down, as if trying to choose his words carefully. He finally said, ‘‘Nothing about you is tough to deal with, John’’
‘‘Okay’’ John ignored the small rush along his spine at hearing the words. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand before letting go. ‘‘Let’s take a look at these, then, shall we?’’
And John was walking towards her. John’s hands were suddenly holding Sherlock’s face as if she were a China Doll. As if she were the most precious thing in the world.
‘‘You can send the files of the past victims, but we have some sort of idea that the killer practises BDSM, and choses submissive victims. Aren’t there clubs for this sort of thing? You can start there’’ Sherlock was already out the door, ‘‘Come on, John’’
John Watson, before the fall, divided his relationship with Sherlock in two different periods: before and after Irene Adler. This was, in high sight, a very innocent way of interpreting things.
‘‘I didn’t think you would come. I mean you… you-you said you didn’t…’’ Sherlock hugged his ribs, leaning against the counter and frowning. He was blinking hard, as if unsure of his own eyes.
Sherlock woke up the next morning feeling too well to be hangover. He looked at John – sleeping peacefully on his side, facing Sherlock – with his beautiful eyelashes and laugh lines, and the memories of all that had happened the night before hit him like a truck.
Sherlock sat in front of him at the table, but they weren’t alone for long before John ran up the stairs, bringing the food, a plate and some cutlery.
‘‘John’’ Sherlock got up from his chair, moving to kneel beside John. He gazed up at his friend, and he looked to be struggling with what he wanted to say, ‘‘You were caught in an impossible situation. You cared for a woman who had a dark past, and it caught up with her. She should be held accountable for things. She made choices in her present that put everyone around her at risk. She used a baby as currency’’
Sherlock frowned, raising his chin proudly ‘‘I can’t... I’’, his mouth opened and shut, as if it couldn’t comprehend Sherlock saying that he didn’t know something. He finally set on an expression that was nearly cruel, predatory, ‘‘You haven’t denied what you are’’
John frowned, placing his hand on Sherlock’s thigh before guiding the car to the side of the road an into a stop and looking at said detective. ‘‘Sherlock Holmes, you listen to me. I would never in my right mind not want you in my life. Do you understand?’’
‘‘Oh! Well done. You need to practice’’ Sherlock joked, backing away to look at John with a smug expression.
‘‘I spend more time in here than I should’’ Sherlock murmured, imitating Mycroft’s position on his bed.
’’ John said as he pushed Sherlock to the side and ran to the bathroom, leaving the detective openly and loudly laughing at his demise.
The whole thing was absurd, and, despite what might have been expected, John didn’t feel smug about guessing Irene’s password before Sherlock. This disruption of their dynamic was bleeding into other aspects of their lives. Sherlock had been actually doing what he was being told, cleaning when John told him to, storing his samples properly and away from food. It freaked John out so much that he’d stop asking for things altogether.
Sherlock looked confused, no knowing where to place his hands or what John was talking about ‘‘Me?’’
‘‘John. Irene Adler manipulated both of us into playing her game, and we did. I saved her from death and you were jealous of her. Until
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he swept them along John’s body to try and deduce some sense into this, and memories from the night before assaulted his brain.
‘‘Baskerville’’ John said, ominously, and as if on cue the Dartmoor Forest appeared outside his window.
John bent over to retch inside a dumpster. He hadn’t eaten today, so nothing came out. Small blessings.
‘‘What was her… well, how did she…’’ Sherlock didn’t know how to finish that sentence, but John seemed to understand.
‘‘This is who I really am. With John, I just… have the courage to show it. I’m stronger because of him’’ Sherlock whispered, not sure if Moriarty understood him. He must have, thought, because he scoffed and got up, walking away from him.
‘‘Well then, dear brother’’ Mycroft smiled, the softest smile that Sherlock had ever seen in his brother’s features ‘‘Don’t you dare let him win’’
‘‘I can’t stay for long of course, there are pressing matters at hand at the office. What with another referendum concerning the European Union and the Greek situation my hands are tied’’ John gave him his tea as he sat on the couch beside Mycroft, who smiled as he brought the cup to his lips. Something changed in the man’s features, so subtly yet so clearly to John that he momentarily thought that he had accidentally put salt instead of sugar in the tea. Mycroft continued ‘‘I hadn’t seen such crisis since the Italian austerity. However, it is always nice to visit the Vatican’’
Sherlock was startled by his question. Or, perhaps, he was startled by John’s change of tone, from a friend to a captain. He blinked a few times, opening his mouth to (probably) argue.
‘‘I think that you need to do some soul searching before this weeding, John’’ Harry said, pulling away to look John in the eye. ‘‘This isn’t fair to you or Sherlock’’
Getting out of his mind palace was as easy as opening his eyes. He was suddenly back at the fancy room, and Sherlock – after going for the door and finding it locked - used the boost of courage that his brother provided to deduce every single inch of it. The space around Sherlock had been cleaned to perfection. The rug bellow his bed brushed to erase any trace of footprint. There were pictures in frames all around, on top of the nightstand and other wooden furniture, all of him in different ages. John had been cut off from some of them.
It didn’t make it easier. No games of logic could erase that he went to Mycroft for help. That he arranged to get his wife arrested because he couldn’t be sure she wouldn’t try to murder Sherlock again. He could pretend not to want Sherlock, but he couldn’t pretend to forgive Mary. He couldn’t pretend to love her.
Sherlock looked at it and felt the dread blind and suffocate him. He was placed on the chair closest to the fire, and handcuffed to it.
John shook his head, caught in a whiplash at the change of subject. He thought Sherlock would want to pry open his friendship with James, but no. He drank, ‘‘I mean yeah. She drugged you. It was awful’’, he bit his lip, trying to figure out if Sherlock mentioning her was important. He raised his head, thoughtful, ‘‘You would marry Irene Adler, if she lived here’’
‘‘Love?’’ John moved from between his legs, finally looking at the distraught expression on Sherlock’s face, ‘‘Oh, God. Did I hurt you? Was that... that was-’’
This was that moment when everything fell in their right tracks, when planets aligned and the universe let go of its chaos and confusion. When everything finally made sense. John felt at the brink of something holy, a nirvana which, at last, couldn’t be misattributed to alcohol. Of realizing that the genes of abusive fathers weren’t definitive, that even someone as ordinary as John Watson could worship and be worshiped by a soulmate.
Soon the afternoon turned into evening, which they filled by playing games and singing Christmas carols. Sherlock discovered that John made a very good impression of Frank Sinatra, which absolutely did
‘‘Yes’’ Sherlock moaned, letting go of his cheeks to raise his chest, looking at John more fully. He ate up every inch that was revealed to him, actually swallowing and biting his lip when he focused on John’s cock. ‘‘It’s bigger than I imagined’’ he frowned, as if disappointed in his own inability to deduce the exact length of John Watson’s penis.
At John’s lack of words Sherlock went down again, hot breath against John’s erection, mouthing along its line. John chocked back a moan.
John took a deep breath ‘‘We only properly celebrated when dad got a promotion and invited some friends over for a party. I was… seven, I think. Before and after that, neither of my parents ever felt the Christmas spirit’’ John paused, looking thoughtful ‘‘Except when I was 10 and Harry 15. We decided to surprise mom, so we made the food, put up fairy lights, the whole deal. It took us our year savings to do that, since we didn’t ask father for help. Mom couldn’t leave the hospital, but the doctor allowed it for only that day and… I think she was genuinely happy’’ John smiled ‘‘She smiled throughout the evening, which is more than I’ve ever seen her smile’’
This one, incidentally, is a girl. She looks, from what is visible of her face, not even twenty. The killer had placed her kneeling, sitting on her bare feet, chest to her thighs and forehead to the floor. White shirt and blue jeans impeccable. Blond hair tied neatly in a bun. She couldn’t have been dead for more than a day.
‘‘Don’t eat much, lunch will be ready in an hour at most’’ He said, sitting down beside him and keeping a hand on Sherlock’s thigh, running his thumb back and forth ‘‘Did you sleep well?’’ he asked, leaning into Sherlock’s space.
‘‘We’ve been thinking about moving the headquarters to a new location, you know? Somewhere a bit more reserved, more difficult to find. We’ve also been thinking about doing a harder initiation process because it makes sense that the community has only smart members, you know? And…’’ Anderson said, completely unaware that Sherlock’s attention was not directed at him.
, he had said, immobilizing Moriarty with the bomb between them. But he could never be sure, and after his fake suicide he felt like he’d lost his chance forever. But John seemed… he seemed to care for him still, and Sherlock was determined to deserve that affection.
Sherlock just nodded, using John’s help to get up. John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s waist to keep him close, looking at him every few seconds to make sure he was okay, which he didn’t seem to be.
-Sherlock – John interrupted her former (maybe current, depending on how the night went) flatmate, placing what sounded like a large suitcase on the floor – Will you please look at me?
Sherlock looked at the kitchen, well, the toxic waste they used to call a kitchen, and frowned. The sound of John chuckling brought Sherlock’s eyes back to him.
‘‘Sherlock?’’ John’s voice, with the softest and kindest tone which he has ever uttered, anchored Sherlock in his confusion. John was closer now, both hands on Sherlock’s face, a frown above his assessing eyes.
Sherlock shook his head, raising his eyebrows ‘‘Don’t know, but I do think that Baskerville holds at least some of the answers we need. But more to the point: you have frustrated their plans. I don’t think they wanted the memories to stop at you hating me. I think they wanted me to realize that you were not worth my affection in the first place… maybe making you behave out-of-character, somehow’’
, Sherlock thought, stretching his neck to look at the bar and search for him. Then he suddenly saw him, his John Watson talking to a very flirtatious Margaret Nile. She’d always had a thing for John, going out of her way to smile at him and talk to him at crime scenes and when they were at the Yard. John had never commented on it, always politely smiling back at her, and Sherlock had always hated her in secret.
‘‘Yeah, asshole. You look like you’re going to go into a coma at any second, now’’ She led John by the arm out of the house, ‘‘Also, I don’t want to miss the opportunity of seeing you telling her off. I hate Mary. That bitch is condescending as fuck’’
’’ John mouthed, smiling at Sherlock fondly. Sherlock lazily traced patterns on John’s chest as Lestrade told him the specifics of the case.
The last time that Sherlock Holmes had felt the excitement of a case, ‘the thrill and mystery of a chase’, had been over the Irene Adler fiasco. John doesn’t think ‘fiasco’ is strong enough to convey the horrid situation. Or the uncomfortable over-analysing stares that he’d been receiving from Sherlock ever since.
‘‘What? Yeah, yeah, I’m fine’’ He closed box and put it back below the bed, but placed the ‘‘Sherlock Watson’’ card inside his wallet without thinking as he left the room ‘‘I’m going to your place right now, I just had to… pick up a few things’’
‘‘Sherlock, you don’t need to be afraid’’ John whispered, raising his hands as well ‘‘I’m not going to hurt you’’
‘‘John, look at this’’ Sherlock pointed at the screen, trying not to think about what Lestrade might have said, and backed the video a couple of minutes so that John could see the man answering if he had or not killed the girl.
‘‘I fucking love it’’ John laughed. Shaking his head, ‘‘Always wondered how I would die. Who would have thought it would be from Sherlock Holmes talking dirty to me’’
‘‘Nghhh’’ Was the vocalization that Sherlock could offer, but he did close his eyes and offer his lips in a pout.
John chuckled walking towards Sherlock in a jokingly sexy way, and it only served to make Sherlock more flustered. ‘‘Do you…’’ he wiggled his eyebrows ‘‘
Drunk-Alice, on the other side of the room, was trying to spike the eggnog without anyone noticing so, naturally, everyone noticed. Harry appeared to have been taken over by a laugh fit. There was a group of people singing
‘‘It sounded awful’’ Sherlock frowned, biting his lip and locking his eyes with John before the doctor removed his hand and stood up, occupying himself with the dishes.
In the years of Sherlock and his acquaintance John had never seen it, and a treacherous part of his brain supplied that it could be a last message, just for him - maybe even a small piece of paper saying ‘I’m coming back’. The box was shallow yet wide, the kind of box where a fancy shirt would be sold in. He sat on the bed, anxious, and slowly opened it.
They went through the motions, pretending they were Sherlock-and-John. Sherlock analysed everything quietly and inquired John’s opinion. John interviewed the witnesses and interested parties because he was better with people, while Sherlock lurked nearby, attentive. Sherlock deduced the husband’s blame and offered evidence. John said ‘amazing’ when it was due.
John’s eyebrows raised on their own accord. He looked at Sherlock more fully, something hot settling on his belly that was only partially discomfort. ‘‘Careful’’
Sherlock was circling around her around her, those vibrant eyes taking everything in, when he suddenly stopped. ‘‘Doctor’’
Sherlock scoffed, but he looked even more sheepish, ‘‘This version of flirting is even worse, John’’
‘‘Yeah, you’re right. Do they have a Lady Gaga trivia for you to obliterate everyone at?’’ John said, which made Sherlock laugh and place his head on John’s shoulder. He kissed it once, just because it was right there. Then he kissed it a second time. Then- ‘‘Sherlock, we should have left 30 minutes ago’’
Sherlock nodded, and he looked surprised at John’s deduction ‘‘Ever since that, Mycroft reminds me of Redbeard whenever I’m displaying any sort of emotion towards someone. A way of saying ‘Be careful, this will hurt you’. He said it to me at when Uncle Rudy fell ill, at your wedding…’’
John took a deep breath, closing his eyes and taking a step back and away from Sherlock ‘‘Christ’’ he shook his head ‘‘Okay. Let’s hm… let’s take a blood sample, yeah?’’
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and looked down at John’s glass, which made John roll his eyes and drink.
‘‘This will allow us to be in the place of the killer and the victims. The dominant’’ he pointed at John, ‘‘and the submissive’’, he pointed at himself. It sounded rehearsed, ‘‘You... It’s what you like’’ His eyes glanced at John’s crotch, smugness oozing out of him, but there was something else there. Some other emotion there that John couldn’t quite figure out. Something off.
John sighed, stretching his body beneath the thick covers on his bed as he closed his eyes and let the exhaustion he’d been feeling for the past days drag him down to a blissful darkness. He almost didn’t hear his phone buzzing on the nightstand. John lazily picked it up and squinted at the bright screen.
He bit his bottom lip and hid his face on John’s neck just as he began to feel himself blush. ‘‘What have you been thinking about?’’ He said, his voice shy.
John hummed, diving forward to brush his lips against Sherlock’s, ‘‘Where is my heart, you little thief?’’ He pressed their mouths together more strongly, ‘‘Is it here?’’ and he licked inside of it, making the kiss as skilful as he could manage.
They stayed in bed after that for a while, kissing until they drifted off and waking up to kiss more, until Mrs. Hudson yelled, asking for their help to make the supper.
’’ Sherlock breathed out, even though he was smiling. Mischief took over Sherlock’s face and John though he was going to be tickled too before Sherlock yelled ‘‘I’m showering first’’ and sprinted to the bathroom.
‘‘They arrested her right after the baby was born. I provided the memory stick as evidence. Just a month after the whole ‘Miss me?’ shenanigan’’
Sherlock laughed again, shaking his head. ‘‘We lived together for years and you didn’t make the most obvious deduction of all. Or you did, but you’ve doubted yourself ever since’’
‘‘Let me guess, Mycroft somehow convinced you that feelings weren’t good?’’ John said with a harsh tone.
‘‘Oh good. Just who I wanted to see’’ John voice was grave, like he had been screaming. He cleared his throat – and as subtly as possible wiped his face – as he got up. His emotionally closed of self took charge, as it normally did around people, and he pretended to be fine. John was really good at pretending to be okay.
He half expected Sherlock to follow him, but the detective didn’t. I was almost worse that he didn’t. Now John would have time to think.
The cab ride was quiet, just the way John hated. He wasn’t one to dwell on thoughts and feelings, particularly shame. Rationally, he knew that he had nothing to be ashamed off. He couldn’t, however, help but feel like he revealed too much. Sherlock knowing bondage positions and BDSM practises was one thing. He was a detective, curious about most things unusual, things that could help him solve cases. John knowing BDSM, however, was a completely different matter.
John’s mouth opened and shut, and he suddenly wished he was sober. The alcohol was making it difficult to think, ‘‘I... I didn’t mean it in a derogatory way’’
‘‘Enough’’ The older woman said, and she looked like she was trying not to laugh. Sherlock knew that she would help him before she even got up from her chair, so he smiled at her in gratitude. ‘‘I’ll get you the letters’’ she said ‘‘But you’ll have to look through them in front of us’’.
John was beautiful. There was no other word that Sherlock could use. The hard lines that drew his shoulders and arms were contrasted by the soft ones, as those on his tummy. He was rough edges and soft middles, entirely perfect. John had a smile on his face, like he could read Sherlock’s mind, as he came closer. He placed his hands on Sherlock’s cheeks, running his thumbs over Sherlock’s cheekbones.
‘‘I’m not… I don’t feel guilty’’ Sherlock’s voice was small, and John placed both his hands on Sherlock’s hips to turn him around and look at his face.
Sherlock searched John’s face for any sign of lying, and he must have not been very convinced, because he buried himself even further down the bed.
Harry stared at him for a few seconds before saying ‘‘The fact that you are so afraid of that being true tells you everything you need to know’’.
‘‘You were perfect. Ever since you were a little boy, utterly perfect. I admired your intellect, your wit, your brain’’ Moriarty whispered, nuzzling at Sherlock’s ear, which made the detective sick to his stomach ‘‘I
John became acutely aware of Sherlock’s hands on his knees, pushing his legs further apart. Their friendship had reached a breaking point, a metamorphosis. No longer could it be contained in its fragile cocoon. John showed too much, and Sherlock wanted it. Even if just to satisfy his own curiosity, but he wanted it.
‘‘I’m sorry, baby girl’’ He whispered. It was too early to tell, but he knew it in his heart that it was a girl. He killed a baby girl before she could even experience the world.
‘‘I love kissing you, and I don’t want to stop just because my father will be there’’ John realized his voice had taken its captain tone, and he stopped to take Sherlock’s face between his hands and press their mouths together, almost proving a point.
‘‘I love to dance for you’’ Sherlock responded, smiling ‘‘We could make this our Christmas tradition’’
John drank again, and raised his eyebrows, ‘‘That’s amazing’’ he laughed, shaking his head at himself at being impressed, even after all this time, ‘‘How did you know?’’
‘‘It wasn’t my…my intention to…’’ Sherlock started, but John just shook his head. He took his phone out of his pocket, having received a text, and Sherlock read, over John’s shoulder, Sarah’s name. John’s whole posture changed from tense to resigned, and there was only one conclusion that Sherlock could draw. He was proven right when, the next morning, John didn’t go to the clinic or even change from his pajamas.
‘‘Sherlock, I’m a doctor. I know when people are in pain. Just let me take care of you’’ John sounded angry, his voice a bit rough, and Sherlock took a tiny step back before complying and sitting on a chair, with his chest against its support.
Sherlock finally subsided, the smile gone from his face, ‘‘Okay’’, and his pupils blew a little wider.
‘‘I want to take care of you, love. Every day. Make you feel special and cherished and cared for’’ John bent over to kiss his head, ‘‘Would you like that?
Seven angry sick people, one threat of a lawsuit and three screaming nurses later, John finally emerged from his rooms. He came just in time to rescue Sherlock from a fight with an elderly woman who, in the confusion, slapped John’s face instead of Sherlock’s. The police was called, but John and Sherlock had left before they got there.
‘‘You, John Watson, are pretty damn smart’’ Sherlock smiled, making John chuckle (again, giggle). The doctor just remained silent for a couple of minutes, so long that he thought that Sherlock was asleep, before having the courage to whisper:
The detective went through their experiments, everything that this military institution was funding. ‘‘Apparently, there is a drug that causes memory loss: TD-12’’
‘‘Gotta be quick around here, Captain’’ Sherlock flashed him a grin and laughed when John bit his lip to keep from smiling. He showered quickly, focusing on his hair more than usual, breathing in the humidity that eased the pain in his throat. Soon he was done, wrapping a towel around his hips and using the adjoining door with his bedroom. John must have heard Sherlock leaving, because he promptly entered the bathroom without a word.
‘‘But you can’t tell Harry or John! They’ll be sad’’ Alice continued just as loudly, passing on a bottle of something to their baffled and amused guests. Sherlock was right behind her, leaning against the door. John went to him, and Sherlock’s face lit up when he saw him.
known for its Christmas parties. It was the event of the year for everyone who was involved with crime work – open bar, invitation only, middle aged men and women dancing like there was no tomorrow. For Sherlock, this has always meant 30 minutes of people ether ignoring him or calling him a freak before he decided to leave and spare himself the trouble.
‘‘This is Mr. Fletcher’’ Sherlock said, pointing at him, feeling more at ease with John at his side ‘‘We were just coming up with a plan to determine who poisoned Mathew’’
Except he didn’t. Moving out of Baker Street was the last thing that he wanted to do, and knowing that Sherlock had liked him didn’t help. He felt simultaneously better and worst and, being John Watson, he couldn’t and didn’t want to face any of those feelings. He stayed like that, leaning against the door for what felt like a couple of minutes, when a loud knock and a ‘‘Dr. Watson?’’ from the kitchen informed him that it might have been longer. In any case, Mycroft Holmes was now staring down at him.
‘‘Your hatred cannot change the fact that Sherlock and I were meant for each other, that we will spend the rest of our lives together’’ John said, which made Robert raise his eyebrows, with an arrogant expression. He smirked and silently left, taking his time to go down the stairs and finally closing the door behind him. ‘‘That was easier than I thought’’ John said, turning to look at Sherlock with an amused expression, which made Sherlock giggle.
‘‘I can’t help it’’ John whispered, burying his nose on Sherlock’s curls, before something out the window caught his eye ‘‘Sherlock?’’
He didn’t wear a disguise for half the day and then took it off in a dramatic turn of events. John didn’t pass out, yell, hit Sherlock or was made fun of for having grown hair in non-flattering places. He most certainly was not interrupted in the middle of a date – John had been strategically avoiding Mary for the past three months.
Hands cradled his head and hips, and warm lips brushed against his ear ‘‘I’ve got you, love. I’ll get you out of here’’
And then it dawned on John. Sherlock wasn’t just inexperienced on sex. He was inexperienced on love, too. On care and affection, on trust and kind honesty. He probably had never been kissed.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelief and he was silent for ten full seconds. ‘‘John Watson, it’s been five years’’
The plan was carried out perfectly (without John’s suggestion) as the club slowly filled with people. They set a trap for the bouncer, while Mr. Fletcher slowly incriminated himself. He was so excited for having surpassed the great Sherlock Holmes that he neglected the team from Scotland Yard going into his office and finding his supply of gold. Sherlock and John stayed at the bar with him while that happened. John slowly leaned forward to steel a kiss, which turned into a very heated snog very quickly.
Mycroft eyed Sherlock’s trembling bottom lip with a raised eyebrow ‘‘I’ve been telling you all your life that caring is not an advantage, and this is… precisely why’’
PS: This is in Sherlock's point of view again, and probably will continue to be until the end, as I find it much easier to write from his perspective.
Mr. Fletcher was arrested by the DI at around 6 am, when there were only a couple of people cleaning the place, but John and Sherlock stayed away from all the commotion, dancing to an absolute classic. ‘‘
But his sobs were far too loud in that large room. Sherlock didn’t even feel his mind wandering deep into itself, falling until the doors of his mind palace locked themselves shut.
‘‘How was the trip, Johnny?’’ the woman Sherlock deduced to be Harry Watson said as she greeted them at the airport. She was resting her elbows on an unnecessary metal fence (just there to make her look good, apparently), with her indigo eyes, short brown hair and just a general rock star attitude.
Next thing John knew, there was a Sherlock-shaped blanket on top of him, breathing soundlessly against his neck. He brought his hands up to the beautiful mob of black hair tickling his nose.
‘‘That was a bit forward of you. I haven’t even said yes yet’’ Sherlock said against his lips, and John laughed.
‘‘Yes, well. Tests were inconclusive. We’ll know once we have the killer’’ Sherlock said and John nodded, catching on immediately.
There was a ginger man by the name of Ed Shewan – not to be confused with the ginger musician Ed Sheeran – that had killed his dog and blamed it on his ex-wife. He ran the dog over, using his ex-wife's car, then fixed himself an alibi and everything. The ex-wife, a blond woman by the name of Taylor Mayden (her maiden name) came to Sherlock in need of help.
’’ John said, and Sherlock had never heard so much hatred and contempt in his voice. His legs led him downstairs before he realized it himself, and he quickly stood behind John, running his fingers over John’s clenched fists.
‘‘Yes, you have. You are perfect. And this isn’t a scene, anyway. We aren’t playing. This is just you and me’’
‘‘This is rather forward of me, I realise’’ He said, his heart was hurting his chest from how fast it was beating, ‘‘But I was wondering if I could move in with you’’
‘‘I do believe that Mycroft is involved in this, somehow, but not willingly. He told the story about Redbeard and this person somehow equated my feelings for Redbeard to the ones I have for you. Maybe they are trying to convince me that a life caring for you is a miserable one, whereas a life feeling nothing at all is better’’
Looking at the coat hanger, John realized that Sherlock had left without his. He took the Belstaff and was assaulted by the freezing air of nighttime Edinburgh.
. And I would hazard a guess that the victims, on the other hand, liked to please, to be good, and were genuinely upset if they did something wrong’’ John shrugged, ‘‘I know that that’s not you’’
John’s heart broke and mended back together again, just from remembering Sherlock’s words. He imagined the rest of his life with Sherlock would be just like this: heart-breaking, but only because it’s so beautiful.
Sherlock and John’s eyes met, and John’s face softened in a grin ‘‘Well thank you for giving us this opportunity. You will make sure he gets it?’’ He took the paper and pen while the little girl nodded vigorously. Sherlock took them to, looking down at the white parchment before swallowing.
‘‘You are very… affectionate this morning’’ John chuckled as Sherlock placed a peck over each of his eyelids.
Robert hesitated for a rude amount of seconds before shaking it, his eyes accessing Sherlock in a way John did not like. ‘‘Well, Sherlock and I are going to get ready and then we will come down to help with dinner’’ John said, taking Sherlock by the hand to their bedroom, and Sherlock showered first.
John had stated his claim. The three of them were nothing more than animals at that point. Seeing the fear and respect in Irene's eyes was glorious. Seeing aw in Sherlock’s was the only victory he understood.
Once they were alone, Sherlock turned to look at John with uncertainty, and John placed one hand on Sherlock’s waist and one on his cheek. Sherlock put the tip of his index finger on John’s nose. ‘‘Don’t look at me like that’’ he whispered, but his eyes were soft and his lips were forming a shy smile.
Sherlock pulled the phone from his ear and covered it with his palm before turning to John ‘‘Do you want take on a case today? I reckon we can solve this in less than 30 minutes’’
‘‘Listen to me, everything will be-’’ John started, but was interrupted by a loud noise: the sound of a gun going off. The love of Sherlock’s life flopped on top of him.
Sherlock, who started crying again, nodded. And John, beautiful, fantastic, brilliant, luminous John, made a point of caressing every inch of Sherlock’s face with her fingertips before trapping her bottom lip between her own. Their mouths softly danced around each other, curious tongues and breathy gasps setting the rhythm.
why this isn’t fun. Everything is just John, John, John. That ordinary, ridiculous and boring little man’’
-How can a human being be so perfect? I don’t understand – Sherlock murmured to herself, awestruck, making John giggle.
) collection of rocks fell on the floor. With a long suffering sigh John knelt, bending to reach bellow the bed, as was greeted by the sight of a wooden box.
The bell kept ringing in an endless loop, and Sherlock placed both hands against his ears to make it stop, and eventually it did. He opened his eyes, confused, before John’s muffled voice made him look outside again.
Sherlock grunted in response, and John massaged his forehead just as the Steven Fry sounding guy explained what was an event horizon and their singularity.
John stopped breathing. Sherlock had taken the time to print at least a dozen of them – a specific number that must have been stipulated by the printing store. John held one of each dazzled. Sherlock had not only imagined them being together – which would have been more than enough to give John a heart attack – but had imagined them being
Sherlock removed himself from John’s arms, walking backwards slowly ‘‘Well yeah, but…’’ He placed a chair right in front of the stage ‘‘We can give it a slight twist on Christmas’’
John took a sip of Sherlock’s tea, clenched jaw and a frown on his features. Sherlock pondered what to do for a second, deciding to kiss the tip of his nose quickly, trying to convey something akin to support. John was startled for a moment, but he soon let out a chuckle, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s.
Sherlock explained his idea, a trap that only the killer would fall for, while Mr. Fletcher listened with a smile on his face. ‘‘It would be so much easier if we knew what the poison is’’ Said the owner. Sherlock pinched John, right beside his abdomen.
John though, biting his lip. His heart was hammering in his chest as he tried to come up with something to say. He eventually went with:
‘‘You shower at the hospital. Always. And you take your own hygiene products. But sometimes you wash your hair with the hospital’s shampoo, perhaps because you think it’s stronger. Two other times that you did this, you came into contact with someone with an infectious disease. However, if it was something more serious your demeanour would have changed. You deal with patients with influenza all the time, but you don’t always wash your hair this way. This means that you abandoned protocol, in some way. My guess is that the parents weren’t doing a good job a calming the child, so you stepped in. You are very protective of abused children. The autism part was a shot in the dark, really, but a good one. You’re very compassioned towards people with Asperger's. Thus, an autistic child’’
) hand and frowned at it, raising his head from it to look at the hand print, and then back at his hand a couple of times. After some time John came to notice Sherlock’s eyes on him, and how the detective was simultaneously amazed and bewildered by what he was doing.
‘‘And you believed him?’’ John whispered, trying to exclude Robert from their moment. Sherlock stared at him for a while before sighing.
‘‘Sherlock Watson has a very nice ring to it’’ John said, making Sherlock laugh. He placed his head over John’s heart again, let out a deep sight and whispered:
about you. Don’t talk about how upset you are, don’t act like you’re disappointed. He will already hate himself for failing, and he will probably think that he is unworthy of your affection and time. All you should do is care for him’’ Clara had said, her voice, even over the phone, was soft ‘‘Be a doctor, John’’
‘‘I thought you said it was for John’’ Lestrade had a hint of a mocking smile in his face, which was probably what prompted Sherlock’s honest response.
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond, settling for just a small pout that would be the death of John, someday. He will be walking down the street and will remember this pout and have a heart attack, probably. Most likely.
John shook his head, his face falling at the mention of James’ name, but he wouldn’t be distracted, ‘‘Why don’t you like her?’’
‘‘Yes, it is’’ He said, and it felt like something much more meaningful was happening. Sherlock looked at him, his John - the real John - and wondered how he had been fooled for so long by that imposter. The man before him was absolutely perfect. ‘‘Let’s go get some rest’’ John continued, removing his hand to grab their small backpacks and get out of the car, and Sherlock followed right after.
His suspicions were confirmed when Sherlock whimpered, ‘‘Will you fuck me, John?’’ He turned his head to look at him, his hair falling on his face, ‘‘Will you fuck me raw, just like I wanted you too?’’
‘‘Exactly! This is not the kind of disgust that you can fake. And he did have alibis, which is why he wasn’t convicted. But the whole public, and Lestrade himself, believe that he did it, and so he was shamed at every turn until he committed suicide in 2011’’
Sherlock nodded, clasping his hands behind his back and shrugging like it was no big deal, ‘‘Well, I do live here’’ he said, picking up his violin and playing Piazzolla’s Winter, which he knew John liked best. The truth is Sherlock had timed perfectly the moment when he would start cleaning the house so that John would come in, see the end result and, at the same time, know it was him.
Sherlock didn’t say a thing as he removed his shoes, made his way to the front of John’s chair, and knelt down, sitting on his bare feet. His head bowed low, his palms on his thighs.
‘‘You sex him up, Sherlock! You sex him up’’ She yelled and John ran before Sherlock could respond in any way.
Sherlock felt a blush form on his cheeks. He looked away from John and to the road, closing his eyes and trying to focus on something else, like the fact that-
John moved his fingers to take Sherlock’s pulse, and wasn’t surprised to find it elevated. Those were, certainly, things that Sherlock couldn’t control. Couldn’t make his pupils dilate and his pulse elevate just to play the part. Just to pretend to want John.
he mouthed from where he was trying to hang mistletoe. Sherlock nodded and turned to Alice ‘‘How can I help?’’
‘‘She battled with depression her whole life, and she didn’t have a very supportive husband’’ John frowned ‘‘But it’s Christmas eve and we’re together, so let’s talk about hap-’’
John laughed, amazed. ‘‘You’re amazing’’ he said, quietly, not looking at Sherlock. ‘‘His name is Adam. He had a tummy ache, and his parents were just yelling at him to be quiet. It was horrible to watch’’. He shook his head.
‘‘Sherlock?’’ John’s voice brought Sherlock out of his own mind, and he wondered how long it had been since he started examining the cases ‘‘Greg called me and said that I wouldn’t let you in the flat without a case? I have no idea where-’’
‘‘Sherlock. We came here. To do something’’ he was breathing hard and starring at Sherlock’s lips, mirth on his features.
Sherlock rose in a sitting position, hugging his knees and placing his chin between them ‘‘I think so’’ he whispered. There was a beat of silence ‘‘This feels nice’’
‘‘Right’’ John sighed, relishing on the freezing cold air of the night. His body was so warm he felt like he would melt. ‘‘I’m going to melt’’ he said, a bit concerned, but Harry just scoffed.
Sherlock returned quietly. So quietly that John only heard him when he was behind him, breathing down his neck. John dried his hands and turned to look at him, only for his eyes to fall on a neat stack of envelops.
‘‘You need to be more careful with burning things, Sherlock’’ he had said with a resigned expression on his face, as if he were used to living with someone who constantly almost set people on fire. Amanda (or whatever her name was) had just slapped John in the face and left the flat forcefully shutting every door she could.
And seeing Sherlock with safety googles on his forehead, curls in disarray, an overused nightgown and bare feet, John could safely say that he’d witnessed a miracle.
‘‘Last time I saw him he was talking to Robert’’ Alice said, and the Watson siblings froze. They looked at each other for a moment before marching to the living room.
John raised his eyebrows, looking at Lestrade for permission before knelling down beside the girl. ‘‘No obvious signs of trauma’’ He looked at a forensics person lurking nearby and extended his hand, silently asking for a glove, ‘‘Ta, mate’’. He felt for lumps around her neck and arms, ‘‘I would guess’’ he glanced at Sherlock, ‘‘that she wasn’t killed here. She was asphyxiated somewhere else’’
Sherlock started to make his way towards them when he saw Nile running her hand up and down John’s arm, and John’s answering and charming smile.  Sherlock felt a lump form in his throat, jealousy running hot in his veins as he changed directions and went for the bathroom instead. He looked at himself in the mirror, taking deep breaths to calm himself down.
‘‘I did... My mom did this thing, whenever she wanted something really badly. She would promise the universe she would cut out a habit from her life for a determined amount of time, and asked for something in return. I always thought it was kind of silly, but here I am. Vegan for three years. I didn’t eat a single thing at the weeding. Only Mrs Hudson noticed’’
John looked at him, searched his face for any insecurity, before leaning in and stealing Sherlock’s lips in a stronger kiss. He was just as gentle, but it felt like a different kiss entirely. John was skillfully shutting down all of Sherlock’s brain functions, making his toes curl and reducing him to a moaning mess. John’s fingers eased the zipper of Sherlock’s trousers open carefully, and all it took were dexterous fingers teasing through his pants for Sherlock to find his release.
Sherlock let out a shuddering breath, placing one hand over John’s heart and burying his nose in John’s neck. They stayed like that for a while, just relishing on the intimacy of their position, before Sherlock pressed a kiss to John’s pulse point. ‘‘I’m sorry I made you worry’’ he whispered ‘‘Sometimes I lose track of time when I’m in my mind palace… as you know’’
Sherlock raised his head and balanced it on his chin against John’s chest, ‘‘You saying you don’t like it?’’ he smirked, one eyebrow raised, but there was a flicker of insecurity there.
‘‘For how long have I been gone?’’ Sherlock asked, sounding confused a bit frightened. He looked at John’s watch with wide eyes ‘‘
‘‘No, answer it. This person has been calling you all morning’’ John said, and Sherlock lifted his head to look at him.
John stopped breathing as he read the message exactly 10 times before he accepted that it was Sherlock who’d written those words, and that they were addressed to John. They have never explicitly talked about their feelings for each other, always playing on the edge and never taking the big leap.
As it turned out, the familiar voice that he had heard belonged to no other than Lestrade. John had escaped from his sell to phone for his help, unaware that Mycroft had arranged some backup even before what happened in Baskerville. His men didn’t know where Moriarty’s secret hide out was, though, and if it weren’t for John, the plan would have failed even before it started.
John hadn’t stopped his ministrations and Sherlock started to shyly respond to them. ‘‘You’ve eaten even less than usual’’ John said, disapproval in his voice.
Harry pretended to be offended, and John left casting a smile at Sherlock. When he and Harry were alone, they stared at each other for a few seconds, trying to determine who would speak first. It was Sherlock who caved.
‘‘Whatever you received must have been that times a thousand, but I wouldn’t put it past anyone to enhance the effects of this drug. Who has the power and connections to drug you with this and, at the same time… keep us apart?’’ John clenched his jaw and took a deep breath, slowing the car to take the entrance to the small village where they’d stayed a few years ago.
As it turned out, it took Sherlock and John an hour to get out of bed and another hour to get out of the shower. Molly was a bit impatient when they got there.
‘‘I never loved her’’ John interrupted him, hugging Sherlock’s waist and pressing his face against Sherlock’s neck ‘‘She is a murderer and just… a horrible and manipulative human being. I was planning on leaving her even
‘‘That was… amazing’’ John said, as he cuddled Sherlock in his arms and kissed his face. Sherlock smiled as he remembered the first time John had said that, in response to Sherlock’s deductions about him, so long ago.
‘‘Yes’’ John moaned, trying to wedge his hands to open his zipper without interrupting their procedure.
Sherlock hid his smile with his glass, biting his lip, and John felt his stomach flip. Sherlock looked so young now, the liquor making his movements fluid and free. Did it say something about John that this is the most content and happy he’s been in weeks, maybe even years? That it took copious amounts of alcohol and a very drunk best friend to get him
When they arrived, Harry was in the living room with Alice, smoking a cigarette. She put it out as soon as she saw them, rising from the couch to meet them. ‘‘Are you okay?’’ she asked, her gazing shifting from John to Sherlock, not really sure who she was most worried about.
Sherlock stared at him, agape. He tried to look down at his kneeling form, John’s hand on his chin stopping him ‘‘If you can’t tell what I want then you are clearly impaired, John’’
‘‘Why don’t you sit here and wait for me to get you something, yeah?’’ John said to Sherlock, directing him to the couch. He kissed his forehead before he went to the kitchen, bringing back a plate of small appetizers, which Sherlock ate distractedly.
‘‘But’’ Sherlock raised his head, eyes meeting John’s then moving down again, ‘‘I want to please you’’
‘‘Jesus... fucking God, John. Fuck I- It's so good. It’s so fucking good. Please. Please. Please’’ And once he started, he couldn’t stop. It turned into a prayer, and John was his deity.
‘‘What? Of course, he was. Implying that he was the result a childhood trauma that persists to define you would be terrible story telling’’ Mycroft shook his head, and Sherlock nodded, agreeing. ‘‘You’ve always… felt so much. Your heart was so pure and beautiful, always has been. I’ve never wanted it to be tainted with sorrow, and yet it was: Redbeard died. After that I helped you develop a thick shell, and reminding you of him was my way of remind you of how dangerous feelings were’’
He couldn’t trust his voice. Or his hands, for that matter. He placed the teacup not too carefully on the tray again and caught Sherlock’s chin in one hand, brushing his thumb across those lips. ‘‘You worry about me, beautiful?’’
‘‘Is it here?’’ he whispered, inspecting the area thoroughly. Every patch of skin that was revealed from a button that he opened from Sherlock’s shirt was rewarded with a kiss. He licked at Sherlock’s nipples like they tasted like honey. Which, either John had lost his mind with lust or they actually did.
Sherlock groaned, this time, and John’s words must have given him a burst of energy, because he reversed their positions, coming to lie on top of John. Their bodies perfectly aligned. He licked John’s lips, urging his tongue forward to bite it, snogging John with inexperience but so thoroughly that John’s toes curled up in his socks.
‘‘Hello misters’’ A child, no more than five years old approached them with a smile on her face, papers and pens in her hands ‘‘We are all writing our letters to Santa. Do you wanna write too?’’
Sherlock’s jaw clenched, and he opened his mouth just enough to fit the rim of the glass. He shrugged, ‘‘You were angry at Irene Adler’’
Sherlock shivered. He took John’s wrists to push him away, inverting their positions, with John sitting on the bed and Sherlock standing up. He removed his clothes slowly, mostly because his fingers were shaking, and he closed his eyes while removing his pants. John made no sound for a few seconds and eventually Sherlock’s curiosity got the better of him.
Harry nodded again ‘‘I understand’’ she said, and they continued their chores in silence. Two hours went by before his phone vibrated in his pocket with two messages from Sherlock.
, Sherlock thought. And even though he was unable to say those words out loud, John seemed to have understood.
‘‘Right’’ John said, placing his hand on Sherlock’s wrist to try and soothe him. A cab pulled in front of them, and just as John was about to enter, Sherlock stopped in front of him.
John has always considered himself a brave man. Impulsive, at times, but nonetheless capable of making hard decisions under pressure – decisions which rarely kept him up at night, or filled him with regret. He didn’t mull things over, and he didn’t hold grudges against himself or others. What is done is done.
‘‘Mind your own business, lady’’ He threw a toast at her, which she deflected by using a pan as a shield. The food war continued for longer than what is expected for adults, and at some point Harry had to intervene.
John bit his lip at the interruption. Of course, Sherlock would want to turn this into a game. It wasn’t every day that John knew something that he didn’t. He sighed, again, ‘‘Alright’’, and he surfed through the channels.
‘‘Sherlock, don’t move’’ John said with wide eyes aimed at Sherlock’s hair. The detective was suddenly on edge.
‘‘No’’ John wanted to kick himself, ‘‘Don’t apologise. Please’’ He laid on Sherlock’s side, making sure he wasn’t touching him. ‘‘I’m sorry. I went too hard’’
‘‘Do you really think so?’’ He whispered, but he wasn’t expecting a response, already feeling sleep taking over him.
Mycroft’s face did something that John could only describe as a ‘Bitch, please’. ‘‘Doctor, I’m leaving for a job at Eastern Europe for two months, maybe three’’ he lowered his cup and got up ‘‘I have to ask you not to leave Baker Street until then. I want to be here to supervise you… moving on, as it were’’
The case, as it turned out, was barely a two. Sherlock realized this as he walked in and took a look at his surroundings.
‘‘What did he say to you?’’ John asked in his captain voice, or something as close as he could come to a captain voice with his sore throat.
The inside of the box had unequal rectangular compartments, and in each of them were ‘John related’ things. In one of them was a stack of pictures of him, some of which were clearly stolen from the med school and military related photo albums, and others that Sherlock must have taken himself. John looked at each of them in a daze, wondering why Sherlock had kept them. In another compartment were his dog tags, or, better still, one of his tags, which lacked the string. He remembered the last time that he had seen them.
Nothing conclusive came from the blood tests, and they resorted to the secret files kept in the Baskerville database.
Sherlock laid at the bed for as long as he could, but when he heard the Watson siblings fighting and yelling at each other, he decided it was time to go down and help. Sherlock made his way to the kitchen; where everyone was, and sat down to have his breakfast. Alice was staring at her mug with contempt.
‘‘Its symbolic and literal at the same time. Literal because if we’re going to solve crimes, might as well do it looking very good’’ Sherlock said and John laughed ‘‘And symbolic because… we share the closet… the room, you know? And we-’’
Sherlock walked around aimlessly for almost thirty minutes before he decided to go to Scotland Yard. The DI welcomed him with a resigned sigh.
Sherlock’s jaw set, and he grabbed John’s hand again, ‘‘We’re leaving’’ he announced, and moved quickly enough that John couldn’t hear a reply from the detective inspector, only partially registering the surprised look on the officers’ faces as they passed their desks on the way out.
She openly smiled at that, reaching beside her to get a cigarette. She blew out the smoke as she said ‘‘I met Marry once, you know. Two years ago. When you were still dead’’
‘‘You are not a monster, John. You never were.’’, Harry Watson said, twirling the wine glass that was filled with apple juice. She looked John dead in the eye, ‘‘You’re a dumbass’’
‘‘How- How lon-’’ Sherlock was nearly completely out of it, John noted with pride. The words sounded pained and desperate.
Harry raised her eyebrows. Then she laughed, ‘‘Yeah, mate. That was obvious from the start. Why would he be upset with you, though?’’
the symbolic side of this present’’. John finished looking through the clothes and shut the closet, looking at Sherlock a bit nervously before pulling him to sit on their bed. He took a deep breath and cleared his throat. ‘‘My gift for you… well. It can be as literal or as symbolic as you want, really. Whatever makes you happy will… make me happy’’ he cleared his throat again ‘‘I’ve been… wanting to ask you this ever since I came back. Ever since that day…’’
The morning of the 22nd was spent with lazy kisses and love making. Sherlock could become addicted to this, having John on top of him, breathing hard against him as John slowly lost control of his rhythm. Sherlock loved how John said his name at those moments, how he bit Sherlock’s lower lip, how his teeth grazed gently where Sherlock’s neck met his shoulder.
John took a second to remember who they were talking about. Oh, right. His fiancée. ‘‘That I don’t want to get married. I’ll tell her that... that I don’t love her’’
‘‘All right. You got the bags. Let’s just throw everything in’’ John handed him one and they got to work. They did their chore in silence – mostly because they didn’t want to breathe more than necessary – and were able to properly dispose of almost all of the contents before Mrs. Hudson yelled from her flat, asking them if they wanted to have lunch with her.
‘‘They’ve always tried to stick to the traditional event: fairy lights, presents under the tree, Santa is coming, that sort of thing. I believed he was real until I was five, and stopped when Mycroft called me stupid’’
‘‘The smell?’’ Sherlock nodded and he continued ‘‘Why didn’t you tell me? You could have slept in my room’’
John smiled, looking at him briefly before turning his attention back at the handcuffs ‘‘I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner’’ He said, leaning down to press his lips against Sherlock’s shoulder.
John’s blond hair was short – it reached her shoulders – and she had a fringe that extended until her nose. It was in a half-up ponytail. She was wearing her grey jumper – the one that she wore on their first dinner at Angelo’s – and a pair of black jeans. Her beautiful face, Sherlock loved to focus on that. Her laughter lines around her indigo eyes and her lovely lips.
‘‘Oh, Sherlock’’ John sighed, looking at the syringes all over the kitchen, the science equipment that seemed to have doubled and the complete absence of eatable food. He pushed his shoulders back, raising his chin, and walked over to Sherlock.
‘‘It’s Mr. Watson, now’’ He said, a cordial smile on his lips. The owner, Mr. Fletcher, raised his eyebrows.
?’’ John tried to swallow away his discomfort without much success. Saying the words that needed to be said involved much more bravery than John was expecting.
‘‘I’m sorry. I’m sorry about everything. Please’’ Sherlock said, stepping away from John and raising his hands, effectively forming a barrier between then.
‘‘John’’ Sherlock moaned, hiding his face in the crook of John’s neck, and his army doctor just caressed his curls while murmuring sweet nonsense.
When they were done, Sherlock laid his head on John’s chest, ear against heart, and was just beginning to drift off when he heard his phone vibrating on the nightstand. The groaned, resigned to see who it was at another time.
Ed could have said that most of the money was his. He could have said that he just wanted a shred of dignity. Ed said nothing.
‘‘Oh my GOD, did someone die in here?’’ Mrs. Hudson screeched with her impeccable timing. John seemed to have been stung into motion, quickly entering the shower box and effectively ending whatever it was that happened between them. Sherlock grumbled as he put on his clothes, cursing Hudders.
Sherlock fell in love with her slowly and gradually, but she also fell in love with her right away. Her body knew that it wanted to keep this human forever before her mind did, which was infuriating for a woman who believed emotions only existed to cloud the judgment of reason.
, he had said, and John was hooked. Life with him was exciting in ways the battlefield hadn’t been, and John discovered he had something meaningful to live for. Consciously or not, he bestowed upon himself the mission of protecting the world’s only consulting detective (in a platonic way, since said detective was married to his work).
‘‘He’s drunk, Ha Ha’’ John said awkwardly to everyone in the room as he walked out just like that, with his boyfriend in his arms. Harry had fallen on the ground, hugging her belly from laughing so much, and Alice had tears in her eyes, her bottom lip shaking from crying.
John moved closer, standing just behind him and wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock looked at their reflection, felt John’s forehead against his shoulder blades, and wasn’t able to do anything about the tears escaping his eyes. ‘‘Can you make something like a safety image or message in your mind palace? Something that plays when you have these thoughts?’’ John said, and Sherlock ran his fingertips on John’s arm.
The trip back to London was just as excruciating. They tried just kissing, but it was awful. They tried not touching each other at all, but that was even worse. Eventually they just decided to hold hands, and the 8 hours of train journey seemed longer than they should be. John barely had time to shut the door at 221b before Sherlock was pushing him against a wall, kissing him with all his frustration. John placed both hands on Sherlock’s arse and wiggled his eyebrows, trying to look seductive, and Sherlock laughed, lightheaded and in love.
He got up from his bed, changing from his pajamas to normal clothes and picking up his keys to 221b on his way out. Technically he wasn’t allowed back at Baker Street per Mycroft’s orders, but John was never good at following rules anyway. Besides, John hadn’t seen Sherlock for over 3 months, ever since the Tarmac. He checked his phone one last time before getting in his car, confirming that there were no new messages, and driving away.
‘‘Everything alright?’’ John asked after a couple of minutes. Sherlock nodded, licking his lips and presenting them in a pout for John to kiss, which John did, chuckling ‘‘Sherlock, look at me’’
This story about needing John’s help for experience was rubbish from the start. John knew this, of course, but didn’t know the right reason behind it. He thought that this was perhaps reminiscent of The Woman, that Sherlock wanted to learn how to submit to please her, but now John knew that that couldn’t be the case. The emotion and desperation behind his eyes, his actions, was reserved for someone else. And, if he deduced this correctly, this someone had been holding Sherlock’s heart prisoner for quite a while.
It was only after two years of grieving that John Watson allowed himself to go inside Sherlock’s room. He didn’t have an actual reason to do it. He wasn’t looking for anything or even organizing Sherlock’s things. It was more than time to put everything in boxes, maybe even selling some of all of it, but that wasn’t John’s intent ether. He walked in and was welcomed by a strong smell of dust. He opened the window and its curtains, before sitting down on the bed.
-Hush – John whispered, running her thumps on Sherlock’s face, cleaning away the tears, and sitting her down on the sofa. She, herself, knelt on the sofa and sat on her ankles, so they were on the same level – Moriarty forced you to do it. We were met with a worthy opponent, and he forced us to be apart. But Sherlock-
‘‘It’s okay’’ Sherlock smiled too, closing his eyes for a brief second when the room started spinning. Soon his hands were free, and he placed them on the back of John’s neck when the doctor started to carry him out of that warzone.
‘‘Okay, hear me out’’ John stepped back and pointed at one of the three stages ‘‘You could go up there and dance on that pole for about 30 minutes. Then, when you’re done, we’ll carry on with your plan’’
John sighed. Then he swallowed. Then he inhaled deeply, keeping that retched smell trapped in his lungs, as if he were taking the dumpster with him. He didn’t look at Sherlock, but he let himself be guided.
John didn’t think they could, but he didn’t say anything. What was Sherlock trying to convince him of, exactly? That he could pretend to be his submissive to solve the case? What the hell was even going on? ‘‘I think maybe you’re confusing affection with trust’’, he said, because as much as Sherlock claimed to like him, it still couldn’t be classified as the same as what John felt for him. Someone else held that spot.
‘‘Oh, I didn’t… mean to interrupt you’’ John said placing his hand on the back of his head. His hair was messy from running his hands through it several times.
John sighed beside him, breaking Sherlock’s reverie. He could feel it, his love for John, crashing against him like a wave, making him curl his toes and bite his lip. Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds before he touched John’s hand with a tip of his finger, focusing on the velvety texture around his knuckles. When he realized that that wasn’t enough, he tried to, as carefully as he could, place himself between John’s arms, feeling his heart beat even faster as John started to wake up.
Sherlock’s blush deepened ‘‘Yes’’ and John’s mouth hang open, bemused, as Sherlock pushed him into lying on his back so he could straddle his hips. He placed both his hands on John’s chest, effectively keeping him in place as he rolled his hips against him. His whole body shook as he felt it again, the thrill that ran through him the night before at being the object of John’s desire.
‘‘John… I’m-’’ Sherlock had started, still holding the blowtorch, but John interrupted him by locking his eyes to Sherlock’s, the warning implicit, and removing the object from his hands.
By the time John stood by the threshold Sherlock was already up and by the window, her back turned trying not to let her weakness show.  She was wearing her pink silk dressing gown and some sweatpants (John’s sweatpants, to be exact. She stole a bunch of John’s clothes), and she hugged herself to try to master some composure.
‘‘Hello’’ He said as Sherlock approached. The detective licked his lips and looked at John’s, trying to determine if he could kiss him, but John made that decision for him. His smile widened before he pressed both hands on Sherlock’s face, bringing it down for a quick and chaste kiss.
Robert was already there when they arrived, fully equipped with a glass of scotch in one hand and the TV remote in the other.
‘‘No, John, he had seen them because he knew the killer. Think about it, who could have known this man’s work schedule and was close enough to him that he wouldn’t want to turn them to the police’’
They walked around aimlessly for a bit, enjoying the comfortable silence between, only stopping to get something to snack as they continued. It had been so long since they’ve had this, the intimacy of each other’s space even if they were not quite touching. Their fingers brushed occasionally, their eyes met and their smiles matched, and Sherlock felt all the words that he wanted to say form a lump in his throat.
Now, eleven days before Christmas, Sherlock’s army doctor stood under the threshold at Baker Street with a suitcase in his hand and a question written on his face. Sherlock offered him a soft smile and a quiet ‘‘Welcome home’’, which John responded to by biting his lip and looking away.
‘‘No, I’m not, love’’ This time he let it slip. He couldn’t not. Not with the way Sherlock looked. ‘‘I was just... taking a breather. Being an arse. You pick’’ he offered Sherlock a smile, which he returned, before the detective moved away to continue to look (less franticly) at the photos.
John nodded back, ‘‘Okay’’ he smiled, raising his hand to trace Sherlock’s fingers, lightly, ‘‘If you are a good boy, I’ll kiss you’’
John laughed, licking a wide stripe from Sherlock’s chin to his hair line, making Sherlock grunt in protest. He raised his head to regard Sherlock with a smile, which turned sad for a minute. ‘‘I’ve had this ache in my chest for so long. I’m only now realising that you had my heart all this time’’
Sherlock smiled, feeling his eyes watering, and took a deep breath. ‘‘Yes’’ he said simply, watching in awe as the ring made his finger its home. He raised his hand, and they looked at it for a while before meeting half way in a hug, which eventually turned into a kiss, which eventually turned into more, into the rest of their lives.
‘‘Shhh, love, shhh’’ John’s mouth was so close now. His nose was touching Sherlock’s knuckles, his lips kissing any part of Sherlock’s face where they could reach. ‘‘Let me see you… please’’
‘‘You are not our father. You are so much more, John. And I know that what you feel for Sherlock defines you. Expands you. Fulfils you’’ she took John’s face in her hands, and they looked at each other’s eyes, shades of blue that mirrored each other, ‘‘This moment - right here, you and me - can be the first day of the rest of your like. Or you can keep getting it wrong until one of you actually dies of frustration. The truth of it is: you and Sherlock were made for each other’’
‘‘Well, I’ll be alright’’ Sherlock closed his eyes again, grounding himself by John’s warmth ‘‘But most importantly, we are alright’’
‘‘You’re a psychopath, Ed. A fucking psychopath’’ Miss Mayden said, seething beside her lawyer. Ed was in front of her, across the table, beside his own lawyer. John and Sherlock had been asked to supervise and offer the evidences. Taylor hoped that a deal could be reached without involving the authorities, for which Ed’s lawyer was grateful.
‘‘I think we need to divide this in steps’’ John said, his voice muffled by the mask he was wearing, his eyes examining the kitchen. They had both geared up in yellow overalls; the same kind doctors use to treat patients in quarantine. ‘‘Let’s just throw away all of the objects today’’
‘‘John?’’ Sherlock said, an edge of apprehension in his voice. They were walking home hand in hand, and John tugged Sherlock’s a bit harder for reassurance.
‘‘Oh no. Are you not feeling well?’’ He said in mocked concern, and Sherlock thought that he would throw up when he recognized the voice. ‘‘I would try to comfort you, but I suppose that everything that I could say has already crossed your mind’’
But this… knowing that Sherlock liked him – or even felt something stronger than that – threw all of his convictions under the bus. Maybe John going out with all of those women influenced in Sherlock’s self-loathing. Maybe it was all John’s fault. John slid down, with back against the door, and hugged his knees.
‘‘Sherlock there is… something that I’ve wanted to say… to you’’ He was whispering, as if afraid of his own words. Sherlock was afraid too, but he seemed to be unable to make any sort of deduction. Just like John Watson was the variable that Moriarty could never predict or control, he was also a conductor of light immune to Sherlock’s reasoning. ‘‘Well, there are two things’’ He cleared his throat and said a bit more confidently ‘‘Do you wanna go away, with me?’’
He tried to explain to her that everything was being taken care of – and no one died – but only John was able to properly calm her down. Lunch was delicious, of course, and John raised his head in between bites and asked, completely serious ‘‘Oh, by the way guys, I can’t remember which holiday we’re having in a few days… What’s the name again?’’
‘‘It’s okay if you don’t want to… kiss me and things like that in front of your dad’’ He said in a quiet voice, his face cast down.
‘‘Really, John, the experiment was hardly that drastic’’ Sherlock said, even though he kind off feared for his health every time he crossed the hallway from his room to the living room.
His hands moved to Sherlock’s trousers, opening the button and the zipper in swift movements, ‘‘This okay?’’ he whispered, and forced his hands to still.
There really was something that he wanted for Christmas. It wasn’t something ambitious as managing to disinfect the kitchen. He looked at John, who appeared to be writing a testament, then he looked at the little girl in front of them. He wondered if John grieved for the child that never existed.
‘‘Woo-hoo’’ Harry sighed ‘‘Alright. Sherlock and Alice are gonna clean up the place while John and I make the food’’
‘‘I know exactly how you feel, you know. But if someone like John loves you, you must be worth it’’ Harry said.
‘‘What do you need?’’ John’s voice was gentle without him even having a say on the matter. He’d almost added a ‘love’ at the end of his sentence, for Christ's sake. He wasn’t used to seeing Sherlock this... distraught. He knew he felt that way, sometimes, but Sherlock had never allowed anyone to actually see it. It was equal parts fascinating and disconcerting.
Sherlock hugged the flowers close to his chest, ‘‘No. They’re mine’’ and he smiled, and bent his head down to smell them. ‘‘No one has ever...’’, he started, but shut himself up by walking around the table to retrieve a vase and place them in water.
‘‘John, I have lo- liked you since we met’’ Sherlock recovered from his almost slip up and continued with more calculated words ‘‘and I have wanted you for practically the same amount of time’’
That Sunday morning, on the 18th of December, John woke up before the love of his life. They had slept on the same small bed, Sherlock’s face pressed against John’s neck, John’s arms around Sherlock’s body. He carefully pulled back to look at him, his clever detective with his pale white skin, dark curls and rosy lips, angelic in a way that took John’s breath away.  He still couldn’t believe that he could do this: be so close to Sherlock, be able to touch him, kiss him and tell him how much he loved him.
‘‘None of it was real’’ John said, casting a glance at Sherlock before turning his eyes towards the road again.
‘‘Yes. So right now, things are not going their way’’ Sherlock frowned and his whole body tensed ‘‘And if you had this much power and resources… what would you do next?’’
‘‘Thank God you were privileged enough not to go’’ John laughed as well, the fakest laugh in history, and Eric’s smile disappeared.
Sherlock smiled, caressing John’s bare chest with his other hand. ‘‘Let’s stay here’’ he whispered, feeling something, which he couldn’t name, flutter in his chest. There was a deduction waiting to happen, so he looked at John with narrowed eyes, which made John frown.
The doctor licked his lips as he examined the files on the desk in front of Sherlock and said detective was momentarily sidetracked. John looked at him when he stopped talking, wordlessly asking him to continue. Sherlock cleared his throat.
‘‘I’m sorry’’ he said, looking down, disentangling himself from Sherlock’s grip. He took a few steps back, clearing his throat, ‘‘You okay to get back home on your own?’’
‘‘Jesus Christ’’ Harry mumbled, shaking her head, then her tone turned very soft, like she was talking to a child, ‘‘He could not like Irene and be straight’’
-If you want me to be – John whispered, kissing Sherlock’s ear and running her nose down her neck. The detective, predictably, was reduced to a blushing puddle of gasps – You smell like honey, baby bee.
John decided, as he shampooed his hair, that nothing would ruin the nice mood that he and Sherlock were in. The apprehension to be in the same room as his father was still there, but it was only a small part of how he felt. Sherlock was there, he was his, and it had taken them a pretty long time to get there. John put on his beige jumper, the one he knew Sherlock liked best, and went downstairs with a smile on his face. It was only when he reached the kitchen that he realized that something was wrong.
Robert looked at the scene in front of him and sighed ‘‘You know, I never thought you would be as ungrateful as your sister’’. Sherlock placed his hand over John’s to calm him, but John payed him no mind.
Sherlock hid his face beneath his hands ‘‘Don’t look at me like that’’. The sound was muffled by John seemed to understand nonetheless. He chuckled a bit before resting his palm on Sherlock’s chest.
Premise: Marry Watson was a manipulative person. John asked her to marry him because she forced him to. He adjusted every last aspect of his life to accommodate her. She didn’t like having sex with him, only when she did, which was two months before the wedding.
‘‘Yes’’ Sherlock smiled, kissing him again, and John giggled. He looked at him, waiting to see if Sherlock was going to interrupt him. Eventually he seemed satisfied enough.
‘‘That’s all I was to you?’’ John moved his elbows to his knees, coming closer, ‘‘Someone who fed you?’’
John shook his head, debating his options. Honesty or evasion? ‘‘I prefer someone who likes me’’ Honesty it is, then.
Sherlock left with a last kiss to John’s lips, which tuned into a second, longer kiss. Which turned into a third even longer kiss, which-
They walked for a few seconds before Harry tugged at his arm, ‘‘Go on, then. What will you say to her?’’
John felt rather then heard Sherlock beside him. Cold fingers graced his neck, brushing against the hairs at his nape. John’s stomach settled down.
Sherlock smiled back. John had asked him to deduce everyone on the plane, unintentionally turning it into a challenge when his hand came in contact with Sherlock’s thigh and when he praised him after every deduction.
He spoke so quietly that he was surprised when John didn’t ask him to repeat himself. He had his back turned, so he felt rather than saw John getting closer. His heart raced, his hands shook and he released a trembling breath when John’s fingers brushed the hair on his nape.
It had been a cold and uneventful morning at 221b when John Watson came back home. The climax with Moriarty and the woman they knew as Mary Morstan left scars in their wake, simultaneously bringing Sherlock and John closer together and leaving a palpable tension between them.
Thank you so much for reading it. This community is the kindest I've ever come across, so thank you so much!
Next thing he knew, he was lying beside Sherlock, who was on his front, looking at John with nothing but devotion.
‘‘Why?’’ Sherlock came closer, his lips dangerously close to John’s ear, ‘‘Are you going to punish me?’’
Sherlock Holmes was lying on the middle of the bed, hands braced on his chest. The blue shades were drawn, making Sherlock look ethereal. An angel.
Lestrade wasn’t even surprised that Sherlock already knew. ‘‘We’re thinking eight, actually. Some off them weren’t released to the press’’
‘‘There is a case, you said?’’ in a casual tone. He put on his coat and walked out with Sherlock, as the detective discreetly texted the DI for instructions.
‘‘What are you thinking?’’ Sherlock said, appearing beside him, a cigarette already lit between his fingers.
Once Harry and John were alone, both occupied with cutting different vegetables, Harry bumped her arm against John’s ‘‘So? What happened?’’ She said.
Of the thirteen cases, three proved to be interesting enough, and Sherlock had to relocate somewhere with a television screen so he could watch the interrogations.
John turned on the lamb on their nightstand and sat cross-legged on the bed with a frown ‘‘Sherlock Holmes, you listen to me. My stress tonight was caused mostly because I put you in his path in the first place. I know what he’s capable of and I didn’t protect you. You are in no way responsible for anything.
What the hell was he doing? Was John supposed to ignore the vulnerability behind Sherlock’s eyes, pretend it’s all just an act? Why would Sherlock even be so vulnerable? Was it just a question of virginity or-
When he was in the army, this meant jumping in land mines to try and rescue his comrades, pulling out bullets and cutting off limbs before sadness and compassion could freeze him.
John nodded. He knew that, rationally. But it was comforting to hear it from someone else. He brought his hand to trace Sherlock’s cheekbone, and the detective sighed, closing his eyes.
And John, feeling like he had to compensate for something, sputtered ‘‘Look, other parts are… decently sized’’ as he frowned and realized the implications of his words. He burst out laughing at the same time that Sherlock did, and they had to be kicked out of the crime scene by Lestrade.
After a couple of minutes of silence his phone rang. John answered it without looking at the screen, a smiling.
Sherlock’s response was overrun by a gasping Detective Inspector. Who seemed to notice he wasn’t exactly welcome, ‘‘Everything alright?’’ He said, and John finally turned to look at him with a stiff smile.
‘‘Now, just from the twenty six, Lestrade came to a conclusion which, even though it wasn’t the right one, was a useful one’’ He pointed at the screen ‘‘
, Sherlock thought as a thrill went through him. He turned to his side, watching John’s blurred movements with his peripheral vision, and was just about to drop his towel when a yell from the living room startled him.
It didn’t take very long the find John’s handwriting in that bowl of white papers. He’d actually taken an effort to make it look good. Sherlock took a deep breath before opening the paper and reading it:
‘‘Nurse’’ Sherlock completed, pulling out his magnifying glass to exam the body more carefully. Sherlock, however, didn’t conclude anything from Mathew’s bare body. There were no injuries that could have caused his death, which led Sherlock to deduce that it was something that he ingested. He stepped away and looked at John, silently asking him to examined the body.
John sat down again, caressing Sherlock’s thigh gently as he raised his chin to press their lips together, easing the tension in Sherlock’s chest until he forgot Robert had even been there. John erased all the negativity from their lives with a simple touch of lips, loving Sherlock despite what felt like all the forces that had always kept them apart. It was at that moment, at their post-apocalyptic kitchen, that Sherlock truly believed that he was going to spent the rest of his life with the man he loved. He’d resigned himself to the fact that it could never happen for so long, that there would always be something between them, that even as he deduced that John was about to ask him to marry him he didn’t truly believe it. But now…
Sherlock opened his eyes, looking up and finding his brother sitting on the bed, beside him, with his back against the headboard. ‘‘Mycroft… you-’’
‘‘John, I think I just wanna go to sleep’’ Sherlock murmured, and John started to walk both of them backwards to the bed, not willing to let Sherlock go, and the detective just laughed harder. He slumped down, effectively stopping the hug, and John went to his knee to remove Sherlock’s shoes, socks and eventually trousers.
Sherlock could only nod, raising his chin to press his lips against John’s. They stayed like that for a while until Sherlock worked up the courage to touch John’s bare arse, which made John chuckle.
‘‘Can I kiss you again tomorrow?’’ John whispered. Sherlock opened his eyes to the adoration in John’s. ‘‘And the day after that… and the day after that…’’ he continued, punctuating every sentence with a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
‘‘I figured that, if you liked me like that, you wouldn’t just… leave me’’ John said, and realized how innocent his reasoning was. Sherlock noticed that too, because his expression suddenly became very soft, a smile tugging on his lips.
Sherlock sighed and had the audacity to look at the celling, as if asking God himself for patience. ‘‘You like submissive people. I want the experience. I don’t know what the big deal is’’
‘‘Sherlock Holmes’’ John’s voice lowered several notes, the captain in him finally having enough, ‘‘You are insensitive, at times. But never cruel’’ He took a step back, looking at Sherlock up and down, ‘‘Cruelty doesn’t suit you’’
‘‘I’d like you to leave’’ John said, his voice quiet but undeniably dominant. Robert was looking at him with a curious expression before he got up.
Clara used to talk to him about her time with Harry and her relapses, and the general feelings that accompanied them. There was sadness, impotence and compassion, of course, but the first feeling – and the most dangerous one – was anger. On that stage, it’s very easy to be selfish. To only think about how the relapse of the one you love reflects on you and your past actions. John had been selfish before, yelling at Sherlock during the Magnussen case, but he since then vowed to never do that again.
Their breathing synchronised, equated. Their heartbeats becoming one harmonious rhythm, and just as John was about to go under, he heard Sherlock’s soft voice.
John rolled his eyes, getting up and patting his hair down, ‘‘I didn’t guess Irene’s password because I’m suddenly a genius, you know, I was just-’’
John hugged him tighter, ‘‘I don’t like being upset with you, either, love’’ John pulled his chin up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes, ‘‘How about this: if either of us does something that the other one doesn’t like, we talk about it immediately’’
Said detective was looking at John intently. ‘‘You’re right’’ he murmured, simply. He got up and made his way quickly out the storage house where they were.
‘‘Don’t be scared of Harry’’ He whispered directly into Sherlock’s ear, making him shiver. Then he straightened and said louder ‘‘And don’t believe a thing she says’’
John was looking at him with so much love and desire that he ran over to him, crushing their bodies together and wrapping his arms around John’s neck.
Sherlock face softened, and he brought his hand up to trace the lines on John’s face, ‘‘You have my warmth and I have your heart’’
They stared at each other for a few seconds, stunned, before Harry knocked louder. ‘‘We’re going!’’ John said, his voice a bit affected by what he’d been doing.
‘‘Not at all’’ he whispered, but he might as well have said ‘please’, and welcomed John’s lips on his with a whimper.
‘‘William, I know when you are hiding something’’ John said keeping a straight face. Sherlock was unable to stop himself from giggling, falling backwards on his bed, and John followed right after. He sat cross-legged on Sherlock’s bed, looking at him with so much affection that Sherlock had to take a deep breath.
‘‘Oh, how comforting, it’s not THAT toxic’’ John yelled back from the bathroom, and Sherlock fell back on his chair, giggling. With his cheeks hurting from smiling too hard, he did as he was told.
Sherlock didn’t use what remained of his strength to push him away. Instead he took a deep breath, swallowing around his pain. ‘‘What’s the point… of having-’’
Sherlock got it, bending over to reach John’s night stand, still astride him, rummaging through the drawer. He took a moment to read the back of the bottle, which John found hilarious and absurd and wonderful and so Sherlock that he could cry.
‘‘One day, when you have a child, you will understand what it’s like’’ Robert said with a condescending tone. Sherlock sighed as the microwave pinged, and he placed the plate in front of Robert, silently urging him to eat and stop talking. Robert seemed to notice, because he smiled ‘‘Make no mistake, Mr. Holmes, my son is normal, even if he is pretending not to be for whatever reason. I stand by what I said that night’’
‘‘We are very private’’ he said, looking behind at who had just arrived threw the door ‘‘And there he is right now’’
Once they were comfortably tucked in John’s bed there was not much that they could do but cuddle and kiss, since Sherlock was hurt and tired. John was lying on his back and Sherlock on John, and it was perfection. So kiss they did, and it felt like a conversation, an apology and forgiveness.
John turned to Lestrade, who had both his eyebrows raised and a hand covering his mouth. John nodded, agreeing. He didn’t really know to what he was agreeing, but he agreed anyway. Lestrade composed himself, and nodded back.
Sherlock thought he might pass out, his mind in a blissful chaotic state trying to make sense of everything he was feeling. John’s dexterous fingers were pressing against him, inside of him, as slowly and carefully as he needed them. Sherlock’s hips moved on their own accord, begging for more.
They still pursued the case though, Sherlock not being able to stop smiling even as he confronted the killer – the pianist,
‘‘Oh yeah, you must be Sherlock’’ Harry said with a faint Scottish accent. She offered her hand to Sherlock after she was done hugging John, and Sherlock found himself being accessed by her observing eyes. She seemed to have liked whatever conclusion she had reached, a smile tugging on her cheeks, before she led them to her car.
man, Jonathan Wilks, was a train worker who was conveniently stationed in every city where a girl went missing, and later was found dead’’
John moaned around and fucked him with his tongue until he couldn’t get enough. Until his jaw started to ache. ‘‘You taste like honey’’ he said, when he moved up to take a breath, making his fingers do all the work.
He noticed John, back from unloading their food in the kitchen with a cuppa in his hand, siting on his chair to watch him play. Sherlock had been walking on eggs for the past two weeks, doing everything in his power to please John because, from what he had deduced, John was planning on leaving. Such conclusion seemed inescapable upon examining the facts, such as (1) Sherlock had almost set John’s last girlfriend’s hair on fire:
‘‘I would like to do that at least twice a day, from now on’’ Sherlock mumbled, raising his fingers to trace John’s scar.
. He had gone to all local pubs close Harry’s house, all the establishments open this late at night, but he’d seen no sign of Sherlock. He soon had to stop, lean against a wall and take a few deep breaths to calm himself. He remembered his childhood, being powerless to their father’s abuse towards his mother and his sister, always on edge when Robert came back from work.
‘‘John?’’ Sherlock whispered, pressing his shaking hand to John’s neck and sighing in relief when he found a pulse. He looked around him, taking in the scene, and noticed that all guns had tranquilizers in them apart from one, the gun pointing at Mycroft’s head.
John turned his head, looking at Sherlock’s beautiful amused face, trying to decipher what he meant. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful... why was it suddenly so easy to admit that Sherlock Holmes was beautiful?
John hummed, suddenly becoming distracted by Sherlock’s hair. There was a single curl on the middle of his forehead, brushing against his eyebrow. It looked soft like silk. John only realized that he’d reached for it when his hand came into view. He cleared his throat, aborting the movement and rubbing his temple, before lacing his fingers together.
He stared at John with frightened eyes ‘‘You care… for me?’’ Sherlock’s voice broke as he brought his knees up to his chest.
‘‘Given the fact that that’s the only thing physically wrong with him, I think he was poisoned with heavy metal, probably gold’’ John said as he rummaged through one of the drawers to get a syringe and a tourniquet.
‘‘There you go’’ He said, kissing along Sherlock’s jawline and moving his fingers to run though Sherlock’s hair.
‘‘John’’ Sherlock groaned as he kissed down Sherlock’s neck and pulled the hem of Sherlock’s jumper up to be removed. He closed his lips around Sherlock’s nipple, making him moan ‘‘John’’ again and again, a shiver running through him every time his fiancé…
‘‘Well… um… and the other is. Well’’ He looked down to organize his thoughts, his voice quiet as a whisper again ‘‘You know how I-’’
‘‘Honestly, John’’ Sherlock got up from his chair, swaying a little. The only obvious sign so far that he was drunk, ‘‘Go marry a woman and have babies and make your homophobic daddy proud’’ And he left, walking into his room and shutting the door with a bang.
And Sherlock did, a blissful, miraculous expression on his face, the beauty of it alone enough to push John there, as well.
Sherlock waited a beat before saying, quietly ‘‘If you are worried about me hurting him…’’ he stopped. Harry raised an eyebrow, the ghost of a smirk on her lips ‘‘I am trying… not to do that’’
‘‘Can I warm you up? Will you let me?’’ John moved closer still, and now his knees had hit the mattress,
After her last overdose, Sherlock found the need to master her emotions without the use of drugs. She did so compartmentalizing her feelings to such an extent that she almost saw them as numbers, or chemical equations. Between the years 2007 and 2010 Sherlock knew boredom and emptiness, so much so that she often wondered what the point was. The cases that Detective Inspector Lestrade provided were a palliative distraction, something to keep her going.
It took a desperate message from Lestrade for John to finally remove his head from his arse and go to Scotland Yard to tame an insulting and verging on maniac version of Detective Sherlock Holmes.
‘‘Is that… Greg with a goatee?’’ John said, incredulous, and bent over to watch the screen more carefully.
‘‘You’ve trusted me with your vulnerability today’' Sherlock said, his voice assured as if he’d been thinking incessantly about how he wanted to fraise it, ‘‘So I want to give you some of mine’’
‘‘I’ve told you many times that caring is not an advantage, Little Brother’’ a hand was pressed on Sherlock’s head.
John wouldn’t (ever), because he would never hurt Sherlock like this, but he was impossibly aroused from the idea of it. He got up from the bed and started to remove his clothes, ‘‘You. Are.
John took a moment to just look. Then she touched. Then she straddled Sherlock’s lap and continued to kiss her silly.
Sherlock let out a breathy and humorless laugh, shaking his head ‘‘John, I almost set your girlfriend on fire, I purposely threw water on that posh woman and, indirectly, slapped you in the face three times’’. John laughed again, but Sherlock continued, very serious ‘‘and, since the cases were the reason you wanted to stay in the first place…’’
Just thinking about Mary made John’s spirit fall. He tried to get that good buzz feeling again. John eyed the struggling buttons of Sherlock’s shirt.
John shook his head, getting up to sway by the sink again, feeling like he was going to be sick at any minute, ‘‘What does he have to do with anything?’’
Sherlock heard footsteps outside the door and was just about to grab something to protect himself with when a sudden dizziness hit him, forcing him to sit on the bed and place his head between his knees. The door opened and closed, the footsteps got closer still. Sherlock eyed the men’s shoes, trying to gain some control.
It was already happening. His need to have Sherlock overwriting every last ounce of rationality from his mind. Sherlock was really smart to do this kneeling down, John thought. No way John could resist him.
John’s gaze was nothing but professional as he tried to determine Sherlock’s health state. Whatever he saw must have been troubling, because there was concern behind his kind smile as he returned his eyes to the road.
‘‘I know’’ John whispered. And he let himself stop pretending for a second, so he could look at Sherlock’s lips like he wanted to kiss him. He could look at his hair like he wanted to tug on it. At that neck like he wanted to bite it. ‘‘I know, beautiful’’
Harry laughed at that ‘‘Christ, no. I recognize an abusive relationship when I see one’’ Sherlock drank a sip of his water, never taking his eyes of her as she continued ‘‘Honestly, they say you marry replicas of your parents. It was scary seeing that kind of manipulation and not being able to do anything about it. It was our childhood all over again’’
‘‘If Sherlock ever… God forbid but, if he ever’’ John had said, three nights after knowing of Sherlock’s past drug habits, six years ago.
to watch you dance, always loved it. But in comes John Watson, this irritating man who dares to turn a god into a weak little boy. That’s what you are with him, Sherlock, a
‘‘One!’’ They yelled at the same time and scrambled to disrobe John. Which proved more difficult than anticipated, with John nearly kicking Sherlock in the chin as he frantically tried to propel a sock off.
John widened his eyes, and when Sherlock climbed the stage John scrambled to sit on his chair murmuring ‘‘Oh sweet baby Jesus’’ as a mantra.
Mycroft’s men had her for a bit. And then they didn’t. Mycroft came two days later to inform John that her body had been found by the Tames.
Sherlock looked at John again, but his smile wasn't surprised. It was more apologetic, sweet. Filled with compassion. It was answer enough. He lied on John's chest again.
. Like his existence was defined by it. He mourned his mother, then his childhood, then his sister’s childhood, then his mates at the army, then Sherlock, then baby girl, and now Sherlock again.
‘‘You are really excited for this party’’ John said as he put on his tie ‘‘Makes me think that they have strip dancers and… caged tigers or something’’
Sherlock frowned, his eyes glistening, ‘‘No, you didn’t. Mary’s enemies did. And they would have done so had you delivered her to Mycroft or not. If they found her there, they would have found her in your house’’
‘‘We’ll continue this later’’ Captain Watson said before he stood up and angrily changed from his pajamas to a pair of jeans.
John got up, looking down at Robert as his features relaxed, as his frown disappeared. Sherlock watched as the strongest man he knew finally reached closure from the darkness of his childhood.
People had started to notice that John was getting a lap dance (and a strip-tease, with Sherlock slowly unbuttoning his shirt) and began to scream their approval. John just placed both hands on Sherlock’s arse and lifted them up, which made people scream even louder. John was planning on putting Sherlock on the ground and walking with him to their room, but the detective (
When he was a teenager, this meant coming between his sister and his father’s fists, holding the old man down while he screamed bloody murder. John would wear his bruises like battle scars.
‘‘I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry....’’ Sherlock was whispering, in a loop. He started to rock John lightly, trying to sooth him. Or maybe trying to sooth himself.
‘‘I’ve wanted you for so long, too’’ John kept a rhythm to his grinding, aware of the pressure he was placing on Sherlock’s legs, moving down to suck and bite on a nipple.
John laughed, hiding his face on Sherlock’s neck. ‘‘I do’’ he kissed the skin beneath his lips, because it was begging him to. ‘‘Christ, I do’’. He nibbled Sherlock’s neck with his teeth and sucked a mark on it. Sherlock answered by burying his fingers in John’s hair and moaning.
‘‘I need your help’’ Sherlock said as a hello, and continued before any of them could say anything ‘‘On the 14th of December my boyfriend and I were at Regent’s Park. There were some children playing there, and one of your students asked us if we wanted to write ‘Letters to Santa’’’ Sherlock made the air quotes with his hands ‘‘We did, but I don’t know what my boyfriend wrote and I
John tasked, pretending to be annoyed ‘‘Fine. Just hurry’’ and crossed his arms over his chest, leaning against the wall.
John was horrified at the blush forming on his face, and he struggled to rephrase, ‘‘This is just a guess, of course’’ He kept his eyes resolutely on Lestrade ‘‘But I think that she was practicing... BDSM’’
‘‘But I shouldn’t put my feelings over yours!’’ He untangled himself from John’s embrace to support himself on his elbow ‘‘I scared you so much, and for what? Just because a homophobe said homophobic things’’
‘‘What, do you have another sibling that would ‘reprogram’ you into an emotionless sociopath?’’ John was aware of how angry and loud he sounded, but couldn’t bring himself to care.
Sherlock watched John closely as the detective stood bare in front of him, as John shaved him and washed his hair… as he gently ran his fingers over the marks on Sherlock’s arms. It was only when John brought one of Sherlock’s hands up to his lips that Sherlock finally spoke.
‘‘That’s good!’’ John said, eyebrows raised and an overly nice smile in his face ‘‘That’s very good. This was going to be a good Christmas before, but it’s going to be a fucking perfect Christmas now’’ he turned to Sherlock ‘‘We need matching jumpers, and we need to be drinking from a single glass of wine the entire night’’ he said, which made Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson laugh. ‘‘I don’t see how this is funny’’
‘‘Sherlock, will you-’’ But John was interrupted by the bell, which kept ringing quite excessively. They frowned at each other before going to the living room to answer it. Sherlock went to the window, pulling at the curtains.
‘‘Who you really are doesn’t matter’’ Jim said, his tone venomous ‘‘All that matters is the legend… the great brain. I’ve let go of millions of dollars’ worth of deals just to watch you…’’
‘‘Of course, it does’’ John murmured, finally pressing his lovely lips against Sherlock’s, convincing the detective of his worth ‘‘You are so loved, Sherlock, just the way you are. Did you know that? Do you know how
Sherlock pushed him against the sink, unbuttoning his shirt ‘‘People always arrive late at a party’’ he murmured, moving on to open John’s flies.
The walk to St. Mary’s school wasn’t that long, so Sherlock bypassed the tourists and was able to be there in less than 15 minutes. His coat swished behind him in an unintentionally dramatic entrance to the premise, and the two women at the reception raised their eyebrows.
‘‘I don’t know about you, but I am quite done with you being drugged up’’ John murmured against Sherlock’s neck. The detective was lying on the bed of an ambulance, where some doctors were taking his vitals.
Sherlock nodded ‘‘Why would someone go to all the trouble of making me imagine the things I did’’ then he looked at John ‘‘What is your theory?’’
John smiled from ear to ear, wrapping an arm around Sherlock and kissing his cheek, casting a wary eye at the man beside them. ‘‘Hello, love’’ John whispered, and Sherlock, at that moment, thanked all the gods for having such a jealous boyfriend who saw everyone as a threat.
Love, if he was being honest with himself, came with all the bursts of affection that he got on the course of the next couple of weeks. When Sherlock left his bedroom in pajamas with sleepy eyes and messy hair; when he was finally able to deduced something from John’s inputs and help; or when he sang Lady Gaga in the shower. Sherlock Holmes, John reasoned, was a former addict that was trying to make a living out of helping people and, to do so, he set up a modest blog where clients could find him. He truly and deeply cared, in the most endearing way possible.
Sherlock hadn’t been moving, before, but he froze, very obviously, at her words. John felt Sherlock’s eyes scanning his face for a reaction. John looked up at him, and smiled. It must have been a horrible sight, because Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock had asked. And John had. He had been hurting him. Keeping himself away. Only offering comfort when the detective admitted he needed him. When Sherlock was willing to beg for it.
She, bravely, raised her hand to trace her fingers on John’s belly – which made John smile against her lips – and then in between her breasts.
‘‘Yep’’, kiss, ‘‘Very much’’, kiss, ‘‘Possibly too much’’, kiss, ‘‘You could annihilate me, Sherlock Holmes’’
‘‘Sherlock’’ John mocked, smiling. He realised the cigarette was still in his hand and put it out on a wall, before throwing it in the garbage. Save the planet, and all that. ‘‘Did you know I went vegan?’’
‘‘I’m fine’’ Sherlock said, placing a hand on her shoulder ‘‘I’m sorry for causing all this trouble’’. Alice and Harry shook their heads, trying to communicate that it was okay, and John just pulled Sherlock to their bedroom.
‘‘Right. Well, I can give you more cold cases, if you want’’ Lestrade finally said, picking some files from his bottom drawer before Sherlock could even answer and giving them to him. Sherlock looked at the pile for a second, trying to decide what to do.
‘‘I HATE YOU, HARRY’’ John yelled back, which startled Sherlock even more. He fell to his side of the bed, giggling. He turned and saw John’s murderous expression, which just made him laugh even harder.
‘‘It’s fine. And he is only gonna have dinner here. What I’m worried about is Christmas day’’ She sighed ‘‘Don’t let him ruin our mood’’
John sat back on his chair, watching him, releasing him. ‘‘You want to know what it is like to submit to a person, so you can understand what the victims felt?’’
Sherlock was helped up, and he didn’t pay attention to John drying his body and leading him to his room to be dressed. His doctor was murmuring something – rhythmic sentences in a low tone – and Sherlock took some time to realize that it was a poem. That, along with the heat of John’s body and his hand on Sherlock’s lower back, was soothing in ways that the detective didn’t quite understand. John left him for a moment, though, running around Sherlock’s room with a bag in one hand and his phone between his ear and shoulder, talking with someone and sounding very upset. Sherlock sat in his bed watching him, despite the painful chaos that his mind was in.
As it turned out, though, that evening was destined to go as horribly as evenings could possibly go.
‘‘Just’’ John sighed, closing his eyes and bumping his head on the seat, ‘‘Deduce away, would you? Get it over with so I can move on with my life’’
He didn’t have anything to do but wait for his night shift at the A&E. He settled for a documentary on black holes and shifted lower on the sofa, casting one last glance at Sherlock before closing his eyes.
On their drive home Sherlock mumbled an apology for ruining John’s date, and John had just said, without turning to look at him, ‘‘You needed me. It’s fine’’ even though he knew Sherlock didn’t need him for such a pathetic case. Not even Sherlock was needed.
Sherlock eyed him through the crack of his fingers, ‘‘I don’t know what’s happening to me, John, I can’t... I can’t form thoughts. I feel everything at once. I don’t-’’
Sherlock let out a breathy laughter again, ‘‘That is rather forward of you’’. He tried to brush his hair and, instead, struggled to remove his googles. His blush deepened, like he was embarrassed of having them on in the first place.
Sherlock made a show out of deducing the culprit, making it seem like the case was harder than it really was. John said ‘‘Amazing’’ with a warm smile when Sherlock was done, and Sherlock hid his blush with the collars of his coat.
John laughed, ‘‘I have to admit: no one has ever had that reaction upon seeing me naked. It’s doing wonders for my ego’’
‘‘Because you never had to please him. I am him. I look exactly like him. I was a soldier, I fought in the war. I am him’’
They had breakfast quickly before going out, walking around Edinburgh and trying to find a park to play in, which they eventually did. The snow wasn’t fluffy enough to build a snowman with, but they did make sure the other one was properly wet and dangerously close to hypothermia before they decided to call it a day, lights of twilight already filling the sky.
‘‘You didn’t sleep at all last night’’ Sherlock said, walking over to John to drag him towards his bed.
‘‘No, I’m not. I’m keeping it safe and sound’’ Sherlock said, and raised his hips again, taunting John. ‘‘Go look for it’’
Sherlock was already beside him at this point, trying to keep his eyes fixed on John despite the obstacles in the street. ‘‘What did you ask the universe?’’
. Lestrade was climbing up the stairs, two at a time. ‘‘Do. Not. Tower over me again. You know I don’t like it’’
idea the stage I found Sherlock in?’’ John yelled, finally putting out his gun, even if just to keep it by his side.
‘‘Who is he?’’ Sherlock asked, raising from his chair and holding John’s wrist, preventing him from aiming his gun at Mycroft.
He’d always fantasized that his first kiss with John was going to be hot, demanding, even if undeniably loving. That Sherlock would memorize every inch of John’s body with urgency, and John would respond in kind. Instead, John Watson held his face like he was something precious, kissed his lips like they were a gift bestowed to him. He exorcised Sherlock’s demons like it was nothing, like loving Sherlock was the only certainty he had in his life. Reality was so much sweeter than his dreams.
There were three seconds of silence, after which hell broke loose. Men rushed in from both doors and the top windows, screaming at them incomprehensible things. John pulled Sherlock down to the ground, lying on top of him.
John was smiling, but his expression soon turned very serious when he ran his thumb over that ridiculous upper lip and that sinful lower lip.  ‘‘Do you mind if I…’’ He raised him eyebrow, playful, and Sherlock’s eyes widened.
‘‘You need to accept that sometimes things won’t go your way’’ Sherlock whispered to himself, splashing some water in his face ‘‘You have no right to be mad and John has given you no reason to be jealous’’
‘‘I do wish you’d tell me when you decide to eat my food’’ She said, pretending to be upset, and John was the one responsible for the small talk (
Fact number three (3): John Watson had a vasectomy when he was 18 years old. Not a single human soul (besides the doctor) knows this, since he did it completely off the books. His roommate from college was a resident. He agreed to do it no questions asked. If he had asked, John would have made up some bullshit petty reason, like not wanting to give his father the satisfaction of grandchildren. The truth is that John felt a violence in himself that scared him. He saw his Robert Watson in the mirror more than he saw himself.
hours?’’ his tone with disbelief ‘‘I didn’t mean to stay out for so long, I’m sorry. I was just… my mind palace was…’’
Jim just looked at him, his face a horrible mixture of anger and disgust. He opened his mouth to say something when some clatter amongst the men behind them interrupted him. ‘‘What is it?’’ he yelled, making Sherlock jump in fear.
Disclaimer: I am not a doctor, nor am I a chemist. I do not know what heavy metal does to you, or how fast it kills you. Don't try this at home.
‘‘Lay here, pup’’ John said, guiding his head. Sherlock went immediately, willingly. He braced his arms on John’s thighs, hands holding on to his hips. A tiny moan escaped him as John’s nails dug into a particular spot behind his ear. ‘‘That’s right, love. You’re so beautiful. I bet you don’t even know how beautiful you are’’
John took out one by one with a smile on his face. ‘‘So fancy’’ he said wiggling his eyebrows and kissed Sherlock’s lips ‘‘Thank you, love’’
‘‘I can’t go home without an actual case’’ he said to himself, his voice small, and it made Lestrade shift his demeanor from an amused to a concerned one. Realizing his mistake, Sherlock quickly said ‘‘I’ll just take one of the interrogation rooms, then, shall I’’ and left rapidly with the files.
He had walked out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist and the tags around his neck. Sherlock had been seating at the table, trying and failing to keep his eyes away from John’s chest. John had laughed, finding it amusing that Sherlock was excited with military things, and gave the detective the tags by putting them around his neck. John, at the time, had though that the interest was innocent, but reviewing the contents of the box maybe he was wrong. Maybe Sherlock had had a
Sherlock had often (obsessively) wondered, but never had the bravery to ask. What’s important to take from this is that Captain John Watson was quite used to danger and impossible missions. He was not just a doctor: he was a soldier, which was something very useful to the situation at hand.
Sherlock placed the last book on the shelf with a nervous sigh, turning to look at John, silently asking for his approval. Said army doctor had just returned from the grocery store and stood gaping at the living room from the threshold.
Sherlock nodded, lying down on John’s chest again, placing a kiss to his chest and sighing contently.
John woke up startled, reaching for a gun underneath his pillow that wasn’t there. It took him some time to remember where he was and what he was doing there. He glanced at Sherlock, who seemed to be in his mind palace, and wondered if the detective had eaten like he’d promised. One look around the room for used plates informed John that he hadn’t. Sighing, he took the phone and ordered them both some food.
Sherlock took some time to answer, not knowing which of the billion requests on the tip of his tongue to use, but eventually went with a simple ‘‘My head hurts’’
‘‘Do you remember last night at all?’’ John asked Alice, sitting down beside Sherlock and placing a hand on his thigh. Sherlock dragged it upwards a bit, too close and too far away at the same time, making John gasp.
Sherlock winced, looking away, effectively hiding his face from John. ‘‘Nothing’’ he said, his tone neutral.
Sherlock gasped. There was trepidation on that beautiful face, his eyes impossibly wide before he blinked, as if trying to process what he was seeing. Emotions passed through him and John couldn’t catch up. John felt embarrassment settle cold in the pit of his stomach. It was so odd. With Sherlock he felt everything at once, the good and the bad. Without Sherlock he was numb.
Sherlock sensed his tension and wanted nothing more than to take his hand. He opted for a safest way to show his affection ‘‘John, have I ever told you that you are pretty damn smart?’’
John looked at Sherlock, oblivious to John’s internal monologue, and took a long calming breath. His decision to come to Dartmoor, despite what he had told Sherlock, was more driven by anger than anything else. He wanted to get Sherlock away from all of that, of course, but he also wanted to face their threat once and for all. He was ready to fight and sacrifice all the he was and all that he had.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking at John up and down, before getting up from his chair and coming around the kitchen table to stand in front of him, ‘‘You called it off. The wedding, you... you called it off’’
‘‘Doctor, sarcasm doesn’t become you’’ Mycroft said with his disapproving tone ‘‘Shall we move this conversation to the living room? With some tea, perhaps?’’
John frowned, kissing Sherlock’s ring finger again ‘‘I hate Microsoft’’ he said, which made Sherlock laugh.
Harry smiled, but then her face turned alarmed when John pulled out his phone. ‘‘What, right here?’’
‘‘Is that all you got? That’s what the master of manipulation came up with? You’re losing your edge, Robert’’ John sounded tired.
The message said, simply, and John smiled at the word, fumbling with the keys on his phone with his thumbs.
‘‘Well, if it ain’t Johnny’’ Robert said, getting up from the couch with the help of a cane ‘‘It’s been seven years since I saw you. You had one of these as well’’ He raised his cane. John hugged him and gave him a few slaps on the back, but Robert’s attention was soon directed at Sherlock. ‘‘And you brought your… flatmate with you’’ he said with contemp.
John had been sitting on the floor in the hallway of the morgue waiting to identify the body of his wife when he turned to Sherlock and said, quietly ‘‘Is it okay if I move back to Baker Street?’’, his face so open and vulnerable that Sherlock had to take a deep breath before nodding and holding John’s hand.
‘‘Come in’’ He said, smiling slightly. Robert’s mouth was a flat line and his brow was furred when he came in, stomping his way to the stairs.
The cab had stopped, and John left Sherlock to pay for it. He had just enough presence of mind to see a hurt expression on Sherlock’s face. He went for his room quickly, and decided the patients at A&E needed him five hours earlier.
Sherlock blinked a few times, staying quiet for over half a minute, as if re-reading every BDSM article in his mind. ‘‘Will you...’’ his voice sounded small, timid, ‘‘Kiss me?’’
He parked in front of Baker Street and was guided by the lights from within his home. The creak that the front door made was so familiar that it brought a smile to John’s lips and a warm feeling on his chest. There was no sign of Mrs. Hudson being awake, so he just made his way upstairs, two steps at a time.
‘‘Yes’’ Sherlock murmured, then ‘‘Yes! Serial killer, yes? Victims all in their mid-twenties, though they look younger. Five, correct?’’ He put on his coat and was already moving down the stairs.
The detective felt his bottom lip trembling, but he mustered some self-control to ask ‘‘Isn’t that her name? Your daughter’s name?’’
. Sherlock’s heartbeat was loud against his ears as his hips came down harder and faster in desperate need of John, and John did nothing but provide, his own affection transparent in the way he moved. Sherlock only had time to think how this was even better than the first 7% solution he’d taken before everything erupted in hot bright pleasure.
If John was a smart man, he might have seen it sooner. His visceral reaction to how shamelessly Irene Adler wanted to own Sherlock Holmes. How angry he was when she drugged the detective. How jealous he was from seeing Sherlock mourning her. And then, that final day, when he was barely aware of what he was saying, he just wanted nothing more than to erase the imprint of her lips on Sherlock’s cheek.
John smiled, kissing Sherlock again, and thankfully the conversation changed into less dangerous topics. Dinner ended as it normally does, with everyone groaning and wondering why they ate so much. Sherlock was still struggling with  desert when their guests parted and John came down the stairs with their gifts to Mrs. Hudson – a perfume and a couple of jewelry. She gave them jumpers, which they put on before going to their own living room.
John chuckled and his lips ghosted upon Sherlock’s before finally, and gently, making contact. John gave him chaste kisses for a couple of minutes, sometimes stopping to call him beautiful or amazing, before he replaced his lips with a thumb, which caressed Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock frowned and opened his eyes, silently saying
‘‘You mean me’’ Sherlock said, smiling too, and laughed when John didn’t deny it. He pulled John’s face for a kiss that was more tongue than lips, and John indulged him for a moment before he realized that Sherlock was straddling his hips.
John pushed in a little, surprised at how easy his precum made it, and Sherlock yelled, jerking back to fuck himself on John’s cock just as he came with a shout.
John smiled at him before kissing his cheek just as Eric hummed into his whine glass ‘‘To which war were you assigned?’’
John hummed, biting at those nubs until Sherlock moaned loudly. ‘‘Maybe its beside the usual culprit’’ he felt Sherlock’s heart through his lips. Its rhythm was erratic, which almost made the doctor in him worried.
‘‘I know how hard it is to forgive yourself sometimes. Especially when you feel like you’ve hurt someone you care about. But believe me, Sherlock, you have made me feel so happy. You’ve made my life worth living even on the dark days’’ He kissed Sherlock again and just stared at him for a while. When he became satisfied with what he saw, he went to bathroom to get ready for bed, and Sherlock just slumped backwards, thinking that he would get a sleepless night of overanalyzing and stressing about everything.
Sherlock closed his eyes and presented more of his hair for John’s ministrations ‘‘Trying to remember something. Anything’’ he murmured, and John sat on his bed to gain a better access.
‘‘Burning your heart out… proved to be harder than I thought. I told Mycroft to convince you not to tell John that you were alive. I placed Mary Watson in your lives to make sure that you were kept apart. I’ve drugged and manipulated you’’ Moriarty sighed ‘‘But I’ve come to realize, my dear, that sometimes, being literal is the best course of action’’ he clapped his hands and yelled ‘‘You can take him now’’
Sherlock swallowed, trying to discreetly dry her face with the back of her hand before turning around and
Sherlock sighed ‘‘In any case, my problem isn’t memory loss, it’s memory inception. But I don’t see anything here that would make someone so subjective to another person’s control’’
‘‘Mrs. Hudson, really, you shouldn’t worry. You letting us eat here is more than enough’’ John said taking Sherlock’s hand in his below the table.
Ho ho boy (This is the most explicit I have gotten while writing fic, so I hope this isn't silly :/ )
John nodded, running his thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone bone directing his attention back to his father ‘‘You think that you want what’s best for me or that you love me… but it’s not true. You love an idea of a family that never existed. You loved the healthy and happy wife, your two heterosexual and intelligent children. And in your love for this idea you despised your family’’ John frowned, taking in a deep breath before continuing ‘‘You can’t accept my happiness now, because you’ve never cared for it’’
‘‘This is pointless’’ Sherlock almost yelled, startling both John and Lestrade alike. He pulled John by the hand, closer to the photos, ‘‘I need you’’
‘‘Glad you’re amusing yourself’’ John mumbled, not really upset. The thought of Sherlock wanting to marry her was enough to make John wish to be sent into outer space.
John backed away to look at Sherlock with hurt eyes. ‘‘Okay, you’re right’’ he pouted, and Sherlock’s lips twitched in a smile.
John couldn’t help but laugh against Sherlock’s mouth. ‘‘You get the trousers and I’ll get the shirt’’
‘‘I should have done the autopsy an hour ago’’ she grumbled, lowering the sheet that covered the body ‘‘Mathew Rodrigues. Age 27. He was studying to be a-’’
And Sherlock giggled, finally looking at John, who looked afraid despite his easy tone. He sighed, wanting nothing more than to kiss him ‘‘I’m alright’’
Sherlock smiled, biting his lip as he nodded in agreement. ‘‘It wasn’t you, I know that now. I know that you are real and… the John from my recent memories wasn’t. Not even my mind can conjure you and all your… traits’’
He laid Sherlock down on his back and started to run his lips and tongue where Sherlock needed the most. ‘‘Christ, you’re beautiful. Did you know that? These hips… these
Eventually, they made their way to the middle of the dance floor, slow dancing to an Elvis Presley song. John smiled up at him and kissed along his jawline while Sherlock closed his eyes, letting John’s affection and the song wash over him. John moved his lips to Sherlock’s ear ‘‘
Sherlock must have seen some fondness on John’s face, because he turned his head, analysing, still kneeling, but rising from his seating position to come closer, between John’s legs.
Sherlock lay, naked. Eatable. He was so beautiful that it physically hurt John to look at him. ‘‘You’re breaking my heart’’ he said, which was true, but in a good way. In the best way.
John sighed, the weight on his shoulders softening greatly, all thanks to the beautiful man who was kneeling beside him. He bent down to kiss the tip of Sherlock’s nose, trying to show how grateful he was.
‘‘I love you’’ John whispered, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, a dainty little smile on his lips.
John’s expression turned very serious all of the sudden, his hands still on Sherlock’s hips, ‘‘and why would I be thinking about leaving?’’
Sherlock swallowed visibly, and had the grace to look a bit sheepish and apologetic. There was a knock on the front door, which Mrs. Hudson answered, but John’s eyes never left Sherlock’s.
‘‘It’s alright. It’s the Robert effect. Let’s just focus on going home and getting some sleep for now, yeah? I shouldn’t have pressured you’’ John murmured against Sherlock’s hair, to which Sherlock nodded.
