liked
Castiel’s jaw tensed, and he growled out, “I can smell the meat you’re cooking and that means little particles are flying in our direction and landing on our food. We can’t claim it’s vegan if there’s meat on it.”
Castiel hesitated, but he tapped the rim of his glass against Moseley’s. Charlie was too dumbfounded to move when the same glass was aimed her way, so Moseley mimed the movement, and drank a sip of juice.
“Corset,” Dean mumbled.
The carriages were set up like a train at a station, bang in the middle of the quarry. Each carriage could’ve been a repurposed streetcar from San Francisco for how similar they looked. Red sides, intricate gold patterns; open walk-on doors and rectangular windows with rounded corners. Each carriage had a roof that overhung by a few inches, and all the roofs were connected by thick black wire. Phoenixes perched on railings at the top, four birds for each carriage.
He felt
“She’s not here, Professor,” Castiel said.
“Like I said,” Rinker smiled, his pointed teeth glinting with reflections from the glassware. “You’re distracted.”
Charlie unwrapped the book’s cover and opened up a fan of white pages. Spread over half the pages were thousands of purple, pink and blue crosses, each one with a date beside it.
“So, uh. Some of you will have heard this before, because I tell this to anyone I see struggling. We wanna remember stuff, right? We don’t wanna be that guy – or girl, or... or-or-or person – who forgets birthdays, or song lyrics, or what the
“Why can’t it be both?” Dean asked. “Why can’t it be a beautiful,
“I was fine,” Dean snapped. He glared at Gabriel, pulling himself up to stand at his full height. If Gabriel hadn’t been floating nearly a foot off the ground, Dean would have towered over the ghost.
’ sign in front of it.
“You bring friends around, and I’ll have them fed and watered as best I can,” Gertrude said. “There’s nothing wrong with being too kind.”
I hope you’re all safe, my friends! Wishing you all the goodness in the world (and luckily there is an infinite supply). ♥
“No, I’ve really never played,” Castiel insisted. He looked at the cue, then handled it a few times, switching it between hands, then stretching it out to imagine himself hitting a ball with it. Not like golf, he imagined. More like fencing?
“Oh? Why
He couldn’t see the woman’s face, as her mask was lavish and the rest of her face was covered by the bouncing crowd, but when spaces cut between the dancers, Castiel saw a swish of glittering green, and a snap of a corset tie hitting someone else. A leafy headpiece spun from the woman’s long hair, and when she turned, Castiel realised—
The younger Charlie smiled, closing the door behind them. “Which bit of today are you from?” she asked.
Castiel looked the way she pointed, then looked left, wondering what was upwind that a coconut-ice cake ought to be afraid of.
Dean blushed as his family yelled around him.
Then, with a determined smile, Charlie stood up. “Well, I’d better start writing those replies already,” she said, sliding the bat back onto Dean’s shoulder.
“Huh.” Dean gradually began to grin, and he bit his lip gently, gazing up at Castiel. “That’s kinda naughty, Cas,” he uttered, fingering Castiel’s collarbone. He loved how Castiel looked right now, his hair a mess, his lips parted, his shoulders shaking as he rocked towards his climax.
But he felt so... strange. He almost didn’t want to do anything. He didn’t want to think about Dean that way – Dean was just a friend. A beloved friend – a close, romantic friend – but Castiel had never felt any inclination to take his clothes off for him. Castiel covered his face, physically shaking at all the memories in his head, times he’d gone out of his way to touch Dean, or to make Dean touch him back.
“Oh. Right. You were on a team, weren’t you? You were Keeper for Zunbyrd house? I think I remember cheering for you once.”
, not now.”
“His ass,” Dean answered.
“Hey, the radio silence turned out for the best, right? Almost. How far away are you, anyway?”
She opened up the box, showing off its empty insides. A cushion of red velvet was worn thin around five long grooves, just the right size for wands.
Dean stood thumbing at his music player, head down, until he found the playlist he wanted.
“Ew, no,” Dean said. “Girl version of Eros.” He beamed, lifting his shirt halfway to show Charlie his midriff. “That V-muscle is gone.”
Dean’s head swung left to right to follow Cas’ movement. “Dude, you’re leaving?”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“But then I got so sick of seeing him sad, so sick of just... seeing him driving himself to madness with that crappy turquoise stuff. I wished he’d let go. Hell, I didn’t care if he spent hours with me every night. I just wanted to see him smile again, and know he wasn’t caged in like he always was. It was selfless, I guess. And that night he knocked me out cold with a baseball bat. Soon after that, he quit his potion.”
,” he’d manage, before squirming and arching his back, turning his head to gasp against Castiel’s cheek, searching for a kiss he didn’t receive; instead Castiel whispered against him, curses and praises and quiet sounds of delight.
’, you’ll find it.”
“Will you ever tell me?” Dean asked, guiding Castiel up the stairs, then down the next flight.
Dean turned back to Castiel, smiling. “Girls’ night in?”
Castiel smiled back, cradling Dean’s hand up against his mouth, kissing it. “Look at this weekend class as turning a new leaf,” Castiel suggested. “New page of your book, new chapter. Ninety students are going to show up in the dining hall to find out how to learn efficiently. If you’re up to it, why not teach them about yourself, too? Your students love you, Dean. I’m sure they want to know.”
“Psh,” Dean said, taking a big bite of his sandwich. “I gop this,” he mumbled, mouth full. “I b’n teachin’ nearly five years, I know wha’f U’m doin’.”
“A masquerade,” Charlie nodded. “The teachers could dance together and the students wouldn’t know. Dean and Cas could dance together.”
He sighed and closed up the box. He wiped his fingers on his jeans, then keyed his car to life. He rumbled his way out of the parking lot, trying to build a dam of stoicism in his chest to hold back the tide of disappointment.
said, Dean,” Charlie’s soft voice broke the silence, “Your fairy godsister’s got you covered.”
“Those don’t account for grammar,” Charlie smirked. “‘Your” and ‘you’re’ aren’t going to correct if the apostrophe is in the right place.”
Dean liked that someone else could see what he saw in Cas. He liked that people looked at the two of them and couldn’t deny they had something special.
Castiel looked up sharply. “Wh...?”
“Sure,” Sam said, with a flustered grin. “That.” His smile danced away with the music, and he swallowed, watching a couple sway past the table. “Three weeks ago I thought Charlie was the odd one out. I mean, I figured you and Dean had a thing going on – I’ve thought that since our trip at Christmas – but it didn’t click in my brain that Dean wasn’t straight. I just thought he’d fallen in love with you by accident, or something.”
“I know that face already, it’s not the same as what I memorised,” Castiel said. “Sam has the same expression. This is different.”
“No?” Castiel started stacking dried dishes. “Your voice is...” He paused to listen. “Smooth. And— Yes! That part? That part where it goes rough and scratchy, I love that. It gives me tingles up the back of my neck.”
Once Castiel had packed away the unused tools next to the used ones – everything needed a wash anyway – two plastic bottles of spring water had joined everything else, since Castiel had been hiding a whole pack in the shade for himself, but had already drunk his fill from a third bottle, and given the others to his friends. There was more than enough to spare.
“What’re you doin’?” Dean slurred, trying to look at Castiel through half-open eyes.
Eventually people did have to leave. They left with cheek-kisses and calls of encouragement – and, in Bobby and Rufus’ case, with a case of fancy cigars handed over and a big, manly pat. Rufus pushed Bobby’s wheelchair off into the twilit distance, bickering together as they went.
Dean looked back at the student and shrugged too. “Off the record? W-We’re, uh. An item. I guess. If that’s what you mean.” Dean glanced up at Professor Moseley, who peered at him all too knowingly. “To be honest,” Dean went on, “we’re not allowed. Me and Cas— Me and Professor Goldkeeper. Officially, we’re not allowed to see each other.”
The man smiled hopefully. “Would you mind producing less smoke? Our cakes are going to get contaminated.”
“Oh, that little story about some unnamed wizard and his witch friend? Please,” Moseley scoffed, licking juice off her lip. “You may as well have called them Casper the Friendly Ghost and Daniel Wesson.”
“If I were to put it so succinctly, yes.”
“What?”
there, Cas! Sam, it’s Cas! Heya, Cas.”
Castiel copied on the second stroke, and Dean felt a tingle descend from his chest to his toes. “Yeah,” Dean breathed. “Like that.”
“Aren’t you gonna sit with us, Dean?” Charlie chimed in.
“I don’t know,” Castiel said. “Maybe all night.”
Once free of the crowd’s pressure, Castiel exhaled and began to smile again.
Castiel waved when he opened the door to leave, and Dean waved back.
Soon there was only the black ball left. Dean was careful with where he stood, placing himself, then uprooting and finding a better spot. He caught Castiel’s eye at one point, and blushed, quick to look down again.
“And what an invaluable lesson it is,” Dean grinned, turning back to his own cauldron.
Castiel turned his head at the sound of a sniffle.
When the sky turned grey and poured rain in their path, Dean turned on the wipers, and they pulled over at a gas station. They didn’t need more fuel – they just wanted to enjoy the rhythm of the rubber across the glass. Swish, thump. Swish, thump. All the while came the
“You know,” Castiel said, sucking his thumb clean of cream cheese once he had a quarter-sandwich left, “I think I’ll give this one to you. You win. Officially.”
Castiel closed his eyes and touched his penis, feeling how it had gone soft. It was sensitive, and incredibly hot. Castiel played with it, smiling at the way it flopped about now it was empty. He thought about Dean’s penis, imagining how it might feel in the same state. Dean’s penis was probably larger; Castiel felt it pushing on his buttocks earlier this evening. It had felt a lot less soft than this.
. I don’t feel any attachment to the idea of being a man or a woman. Or... anything.”
“Yes?”
Castiel snorted, and beamed happily when he saw Dean grinning.
now. It’s almost eleven-fifteen.”
something!”
“You’re right,” Castiel said to Mariela, taking his delicate coconut-ice and placing it as far away from the smoke as he could. “The icing will end up tasting like barbecue ribs if it doesn’t sell fast.”
“How much I care about you,” Dean said, shutting his eyes. “I always got that you had a hard time figuring out my expressions; I know you catalogued them, or somethin’ like that.”
Castiel had a sparkle of excitement in his eyes when he met Dean’s gaze. “What would I look like with lipstick?”
“Yeah, you want your flavour overpowered!” Dean crumpled up the foil and tossed the fork in the overfull sink. “If you’re cookin’ your food just to cover the flavour of the ingredients you’re using, you’re buyin’ the wrong stuff. The sauce is meant to complement the meat, not drown it.”
When Dean looked over at her, Charlie beamed, taking her wand out of her robe pocket. She waved it, and a shower of sparkles descended over Dean’s face and shoulders, catching on the grey fibres of his robe.
“So I gotta make a sandwich outta something other than bread.”
“No,” Charlie said, raising a finger. “
At last Mrs. Beetrie emerged, red in the face. She slammed a golden wand box down on the glass counter in front of Daniel. “I got a funny tingle from this one. Feel free to try it. But if it’s not the one for you,
“It— No.” Castiel blinked. “It’s very slick, I only feel it when you pull the muscle.”
—” He took a shaking breath, smiling widely. He gazed at the ceiling, blinking back tears. “It was incredible.” Looking across the room at Gertrude, he nodded. “It was the best two weeks of my life.” Dean put his hand on Castiel’s thigh. He patted him, then slid his hand back to his own lap. Sam noticed, but looked away.
Dean sighed, scruffing his hand back through his greasy hair. “Cas,” he said plaintively, “You’ve been working on this same glowing turquoise formula for a whole year—”
Distracted by a pitch change in the previously-thumping music bassline, Castiel looked up, looked around, and was startled to see the room almost empty. There was trash on the floor and beer bottles everywhere. Sam was over by the bathroom door with Bobby, helping him get his feet into the stirrups on his wheelchair.
Moosh chakked once in agreement, then settled down under Castiel’s hand to take a nap. Castiel exhaled, leaning back in the armchair to rest. New bedroom, new friend, new career... He had a lot to process tonight.
Dean licked his lips clean, and his wet hand dropped to his chest. He stroked his right nipple, pinching its already-hard nub to a point. It stung, it throbbed, and he breathed unsteadily, keeping his left hand stroking the groove between his legs. It didn’t matter that he was so much less sensitive down there than at the tip of his cock; he imagined crinkled skin: his erection was his swollen clit, and the groove behind it led to a slick, red opening, and everything happened in his mind. His fingers slid against his imagined vulva and he keened, pushing into himself. He rubbed at the base of his cock, massaging what he imagined as his clitoris.
Dean raised his hands. “Hey, I wouldn’t be if you weren’t so secretive about everything.”
Sarah and Sam sat down at their table too. Dean knew Sarah was staring at him, but Castiel noticed he avoided her eyes; perhaps worried she’d recognise him.
Castiel smiled again, but when he lowered his eyes, it was because a twirl of something unexpected swept through him upon hearing Dean’s words. Now he wasn’t sure how to respond.
“Professor,” Charlie started, stepping forward, “what’s this about?”
twice,” Dean uttered, and he ran off, leaving Charlie and Castiel behind.
Charlie slid a hand to Castiel’s wrist. “Maybe this isn’t for you, Cas. This exercise.”
you for it.” Dean gulped, and in a soft breath, he finished, “I love you for it. Okay? I said it. I love you.
Castiel looked over at Sam. Sam smiled, and nodded towards Professor Moondoor. “Ask her to dance.”
“I haven’t decided— I— I feel like I’m failing them—”
Castiel came up behind Dean, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Well done, Sam,” he said. “You’ve improved so much since last year.”
“But what about the rumours involving Professor Moondoor?” Moseley tutted.
“What?” Dean looked at the two of them suspiciously. “Cas? Cas, did you
Their eyes met, and they stared lovingly for a while.
“Our—?”
Sam traipsed into Charlie’s room after his shower, topless, his waist wrapped in a towel.
He blinked, looking dazedly across the room. “Where was I? Oh yes! Patron Singer asked me to remind you—
“Hobbyists,” the man replied, not looking at Dean, busy sectioning a cake into perfect slices. “But we have a sale licence. You?”
“But—” Castiel’s breath was eager to blast out, and words followed: “I love baking, Dean. I love it. But I’ve always had to relegate it to weekends and late nights and – and it’s a hobby, you understand. It’s always been a hobby. Then it started turning a profit when we did bake sales and visited events and fairs, but now... it’s not really...
“Now,” Charlie said.
Dean lost his voice for a while, staring slack-mouthed at Castiel’s erection. His lips shone wet as he licked them.
Castiel paused in the kitchen doorway, holding Dean’s eyes. “He’s always been there, the maestro,” Castiel said. “I think, perhaps...” He pressed his lips together, then parted them, going on, “There are some fronts we try very hard to keep up, because it’s expected.” He glanced at Charlie and smiled stiffly. “We don’t want to let anyone down. We want to be seen as something better, stronger than what we are. But...” He drew a breath, and seemed to lose the thread of what he was saying.
? I still am, Cas. I have a uterus, don’t I?” Dean grinned. “Or half the time, at least. I may as well.”
Castiel wriggled his hips again, taking a deep breath. Skink pitched a fifth ball, and this time, Castiel moved his bat in time to hit it. Except it bounced off the bat and straight into his face.
When Castiel was naked, he crawled onto the bed with Dean, and Dean opened his legs, wanting Cas between them.
Castiel smiled.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel said. He leaned in, and before Dean knew it, he’d been kissed upon the cheek. Castiel stepped back, offering a tired smile.
“Both hands?”
Head of Department, asshat.”
“A little,” Castiel said. He kissed Dean’s wrist. “Couldn’t eat anything heavy. Not after everything everyone brought us to eat.”
“What, right now?” Dean complained. “You only just got here!”
“No pooping,” Dean said, looking directly at the magpie. “And that goes for you too, Baby Batman.” Dean gave the bat on his shoulder a quick tickle under the chin.
“I say eight runs,” Castiel agreed. “If I win, you make me dinner.”
“I was about to say that you smell like jasmine,” Castiel said. “But then I realised I know that smell so well that, at this point, jasmine smells like
The wand lady must’ve sensed the hint of
Dean indicated the barbecue box. “Ditto. And your, uh... Team Free Will album’s in the car. Um. Wanna sit?”
“What’s up?” Dean asked.
Charlie looked at Dean, who seemed hugely upset, maybe on the verge of tears. Then she looked at Castiel, who didn’t look much better. With a thought in her mind that Sam might be able to act as a second mediator here, Charlie marched to the door and let him in.
Dean pulled out his wand, running his thumb over the flowers carved into the willow wood. With a swift wave of his wand and a silent spell, Dean showered Castiel with fresh jasmine flowers. Some landed on Dean’s crumpled shirt, and he picked one up, twirling it between his thumb and forefinger. Offering it back over his shoulder, he waited until Castiel took it.
“I did,” Castiel agreed. “At least, I thought I did while it was happening. But every time I think back on it, I smile.” He was grinning now, reliving the memory. “Maybe it’s the way I laughed, maybe it was having you all so close— I don’t know. I felt satisfied after. That was—” He licked his lips, peering down at the floor right in front of him. More quietly, he finished, “That was the first time I was absolutely convinced you were all my friends. I
But Castiel took three steps forward, pushing Dean up against the opposite wall, kissing him hard. Dean felt his knees go weak and he dropped all his papers; they scattered onto his slippers and floated down the stairwell without a hand reaching for them. Dean moaned, his body blazing with heat under Castiel’s kisses, his back arching away from the wall as Castiel pulled Dean’s hips towards him.
Dean tucked his wand into a belt loop. “Well,” he said, smacking his lips, “for most people it won’t matter. You’re born as female, and that’s it, you’re a girl. You don’t even question it. But there are people in the world – no doubt people in this
“I’m getting ready to take my potion, what does it look like?” Dean said. He took hold of his shirt and unbuttoned it quickly, then skimmed off his pants. He turned his back to Castiel, asking, “Could you get this for me?”
“I’m autistic, everything’s overwhelming to me. My senses process more acutely than yours. If everything tasted of peanut butter and jelly, and had the texture of crispy fresh fries, I’d be happy.”
The man in the wheelchair scoffed. “Either he’s playin’ you hard, Dean, or you got a complete nutjob on your hands.”
I love you,” he added.
a lie?”
Skyking gripped his wand parallel to the edge of the desk, both hands around it. He kept his head down, his face expressionless.
The students and the teachers clamoured in excited conversation, and music played on. Castiel heard the baffled tone in the singer’s voice, but he sang his words as he was meant to.
Castiel scoured the crowd of moving students, tall and short, aged between eleven and eighteen. He saw teachers and he saw Principal Moseley again, standing at Sam’s table, speaking to him. But through all the movement and the bouncing feathers from people’s masks, Castiel finally spotted a flash of green.
Satisfied – and, to some extent, at peace – Charlie stood up and shook her hand dry. She turned away from the fountain, and with one deep, deep breath of gorgeous-smelling air inside her lungs, she left the Fountain Room behind.
Castiel scratched his cheek with the tip of his quill.
it, ass-face,” out of Dean, or perhaps a “
This time, he was glad they laughed.
“Then don’t.” Castiel took the vial and put it down, then turned Dean around. He looked so worried, poor thing. Castiel kissed his forehead. “Go to your class dressed the way you would feel most comfortable. Waistcoat, pants, a skirt— Clothes aren’t gendered items, Dean. At least they shouldn’t be. Your panties aren’t
“You know.
“Oh well,” she shrugged. “Now I know I already ate it, don’t mind if I do.”
“Yes,” Castiel said.
“Thank you,” Castiel said, bowing his head a little as he stepped up onto the wooden porch. He heard his footsteps clomp as he came to the red welcome mat.
“Oh! Hey Charlie!” Dean shouted from the ensuite bathroom. “I’ll be out in a minute!”
, and you and me are standing in a classroom with stone walls a foot thick, underground,
He curved around an opening between droopy-leafed trees, head ducked down to see a collection of parked cars all blocking each other in, right in front of the porch of a pleasantly compact and rustic two-storey cabin. In the pink light of late evening, Castiel saw a tow truck, several dusty pickups, a vintage muscle car with a white stripe down its hood, right next to a massive 1960s black coupe shined up to look new, then something small and yellow, a 90s BMW, and three brown horses reined to a fence, who all watched him warily.
“Do you think we should?”
“Let me get this straight,” Dean said, in a secretive tone, head down. “You quit jacking off?”
The door closed, and Castiel heard a lot of clattering. Then Charlie appeared again, handing him a pile of trays encrusted with burnt black stuff and glossed with animal fat. “The hose is behind the truck. Have fun.”
, I wanna be a wizard. I gotta be a wizard!”
. You’re efficient. You found so many special spells to make your life easier. You speak honestly, you trust people easily, you love Potions so much you shut yourself off from other things so you can enjoy it. And you hate being told you have to stop and do something else.”
“Dean?” Sam looked baffled. “Is that what this is?” He seemed flustered for a minute. “Shit, should we even be asking? Aw, man, I’m – I’m sorry I went through— This is pretty personal—”
“Dean,” Castiel said, smiling at the desk. “This is not appropriate.”
Dean leaned in to kiss Castiel on the nose. “Enjoy it.”
Dean’s lips parted. “Oh.”
Castiel caught the ball as it was tossed to him, and he chucked it into the air a couple of times, testing its weight. Then he drew back, ready to throw—
Dean gazed at him through satisfied eyes. “Roll on your back. I wanna try somethin’.”
Dean looked up and saw the dazzling figure of Cas in a loose white shirt and skinny grey jeans and a whole entire halo of sunlight behind his head. Dean’s mouth opened, and his lip bobbed. “Yeah,” he said, with a twitch of a smile. “I get that.”
Frowning, Castiel lifted the blanket. His pyjama pants were stretched out. He had an erection.
“Y’know,” Dean said, lowering his eyes, bashful. “Suck me off, or whatever.”
“You know what
“Ex—Excuse me,” Castiel said.
Castiel’s eyes were bright and his smile was carefree, his straight upper teeth showing in a grin. “I love this,” he said, clearly meaning it. “
“Whatever you said sounds great but trust me,” Dean said, shaking his head and herding blobs of meat into the box, “you don’t wanna ruin this with
As soon as the bell rang, they both strutted from the Great Hall like hippogriffs out of a bear trap. As it happened, they were both headed for the phoenix tower.
Dean smiled slyly at the bat-eared elf. “This is just a ploy so you can pitch, isn’t it?”
Dean opened his door and stepped out onto the yellow dust. Multiple tracks from other cars’ treads curled through the dust, broken only by the footprints of Sam, Charlie, and Castiel, and the dragged wheels of their suitcases.
“Oh?”
“Cas,” Dean huffed, smiling. “Ah... Hmmmuh...”
“Dean, I’ve spent too long and worked too hard to keep this food free of contaminants. I am
“It’s just – it’s a big deal. Cas. The final boss level. This whole year’s been crazy. Can you believe it was
“You lot, all of you... you’re at a weird point in your lives. There’s gotta be a shit-ton of
“A lie?!” Castiel’s eyes were wide and worried when Dean looked up. “Dean, I never meant to lie.”
Dean shut his eyes, smiling as he felt Castiel kissing and licking his stomach, going lower and lower. Castiel took Dean’s spent cock into his mouth and sucked, drawing out a leftover dribble of come. Dean gasped, squirming to push himself deeper into Castiel’s mouth.
After a laugh, the crowd groaned in dismay, but Dean impressed, “Look, I
“Well... nyaah.” Dean stomped out of the trap door, leaving footprints in the sand. Even in the shade, the heat of the sand made him hop and gasp and wish he had a broomstick to ride. He sat down beside Castiel, crossing his legs with his bare feet balanced on his knees so they wouldn’t touch the sand.
. (More recently I’ve posted some
,” Castiel scolded. “I am
“I’ll be okay,” Sam said, his voice muffled by Dean’s shoulder. They were the same height now, but by the time they next saw each other, there was no doubt Sam would be taller. He’d been growing like a beanstalk for the past five years. Now he was finally graduating, and Dean might not see him for months.
Castiel liked to hum out his pleasure, a new, guttural sound each time. His purrs grounded Dean’s drifting and clouded mind like a kite string, in a way; he shook him the way only the Earth could. Castiel would kiss Dean instead of crying out; he’d hold him tighter instead of moaning. He was far from silent – he vocalised on his breaths; he’d gasp and he’d whimper whenever he couldn’t hold back a noise, but he was more conscious of their current place, more conscious that people might hear them.
“‘Sup?” the phoenix asked.
Dean lifted his chin. “Wha? Naw, it’s not boring. Dude, I just really dig this cake. So you teach kiddos numbers and shit. Hah – that’s basically Sam’s dream job, he’s gonna go puppy-eyed when I tell him later. So, then you go home and, what, bake stuff outta rare ingredients?”
They dished out their supper while it was steaming hot. Sam found a place to sit on the couch, since there were only two seats at the table and he supposed Gertrude and Charlie ought to have them. But Dean made sure Cas got one of the seats, pulling out the chair for him to sit.
Dean grinned, and together he and Castiel watched the shreds of fabric re-stitch, forming over Dean’s torso in the shape of a thin shirt. The crinkled fabric draped over his legs became darker, and separated into pants while it curled around his legs, all the way to his ankles.
Dean and Sammy.
“No, Professor,” Castiel said, before clearing his throat. “Me and Dean were just... going.”
Amongst all the stammering, Castiel heard Dean impress that ‘dreamy’ and ‘dish’ were Charlie’s words, not his own, but his flustered manner somewhat said otherwise. The door slammed, and Castiel heard some muffled yelling. Dean didn’t sound happy.
Castiel watched Dean carefully for a few more seconds.
“I hope so,” Castiel said in a rush, turning around and scrubbing a hand through his hair. “I wrote down your specifications so I wouldn’t forget, and I checked and double-checked—” Castiel faced Dean again, a hopeful glimmer in his eyes. “I don’t have time to remake it if it’s wrong. At least the ball is a masquerade; if you go as you are now, nobody would know it’s you in your dress.”
“Yeah, whatever!” Dean rolled his eyes. “A long time. Nearly all the time I’ve known you, take six months or so. It’s not going to be miraculously
Sam peered across from the passenger seat, a look of concern on his face. “Are you gonna be okay?”
But at eleven o’clock at night on the twenty-first day, Dean’s attention was properly drawn to its purpose, its use, and it became as distant from mundane as it could be.
He rolled up his other sleeve.
remind Castiel of Dean...
Flips in his stomach became flips in his heart, and he began to dance with Gilda with excitement flowing in his veins, and he grinned as he danced, flinging Gilda into a fast-paced something-or-other, a dance without a name. He spun her and lifted her, and he paced them through the crowd. People moved out of their way, as they were too energetic. Gilda clearly loved the fresh energy; she laughed and let Castiel lead for the first time.
“Almost, yes. It’s bearable. I’d burn it a bit.”
Dean huffed a laugh, eyes flicked up. “Look, hot stuff, I’ll see what I can do. But short of one of us shutting up shop, Cas, I can’t promise you shit.”
, Dean.”
“Ahhh... hm...” Castiel had to swallow, blinking as he examined the platform of the rope bridge under his shoes. His heart felt like it was squeezing, but, in a somewhat ludicrous fashion, it also seemed to be swelling, like his heartbeat had taken over him. All too quickly, he felt warm all over. He wondered if he was trembling, out of excitement or awareness of the night-time chill against his too-hot skin.
chow, Judgy McJudgerson.”
Immediately he undid his waistcoat, rolled up his sleeves and removed his cravat; summer in the Arizona desert was no place for fine tailored clothing. Sam took off his hoodie. He was more of a Muggle than Dean when it came to clothes. The older Dean got, the more he wanted to look fantastic. Jeans and scruffy plaid shirts didn’t do it for him any more. This way, he felt like he was dressing up every day, and the fun never went out of it.
“No.” Castiel was blunt. He looked up and met Dean’s eyes. “I can’t tell you what the potion’s for, Dean.”
“Dean, where
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said. “You don’t know how much I wish I could change what happened.”
Capturing a jolt of bravery and running with it, Dean shifted his position so his hips were angled away and Castiel couldn’t see his semi-erection. Then Dean lifted his arms and yanked his t-shirt over his head, crumpling it into his lap. Now he could sit cross-legged again, and Castiel was none the wiser to Dean’s private reaction.
“What’s the secret?”
Sam got up and went to sit back against the wizard-day chest of drawers, arms draped over his thighs.
“Your hair...”
The lights from the Impala shone on the padlock as he snapped the hatch closed.
from my house, can you believe that? But hey, whatever brings in the customers. Cas, you toss that corn to the birds, give some lucky-ass rando your dip, and cut around everything that damn corn touched, man. All yours.”
Castiel sighed. He did very much want to dance. He wouldn’t be cheating on Dean, because... well, it wasn’t like that. With a nod, he pushed his drink closer to Sam and he got up.
Castiel immediately realised his mistake. “Oh, Dean,” he said softly. “I’m sorry. Let me...” He grinned, leaning to smack Dean’s ass again. “Good girl.”
my brother if I don’t have to. I was gonna ask you if you wanted to play baseball.”
Gertrude laughed, and Charlie laughed with her.
” Castiel finished. “
“Open your eyes,” Castiel said gently by Dean’s ear, gazing at the side of his freckly face, prepared to catalogue his every expression. “Welcome to our new life.”
“The seeds or the leaves?”
Castiel looked over at Gabriel. “You know what, that goes for you too, Gabriel. Go and pick on someone who shares your current life status.”
“Skyking,” said the boy. Sam raised his eyebrows, but said nothing. Wizarding folk named their kids all sorts of weird things these days.
They returned to their respective potions, but Dean couldn’t concentrate for more than a few minutes at a time. He kept looking up, gazing through coloured steam at Castiel, wondering how he got so lucky.
“I can text him?” Sam offered. “Tell him you came by.”
“That’s what I kept saying to Sam,” Dean grinned. He gripped his bat with two hands and set his feet apart, wriggling his hips in preparation. “Go on, get your ass to the plate and pitch me a fast one.”
“I’ve never done this before.”
Castiel’s Patronus closed its eyes and nuzzled him.
He collected up his things to fill a small overnight bag, muttering good-naturedly about being kicked out of his own quarters for the night. He got his pyjamas and the clothes he’d planned on wearing to the ball. They weren’t too different to what he usually wore to class, just newer: a grey waistcoat, a darker velvet jacket, a white shirt and white cravat, along with pressed storm-grey pants. They’d crumple in the bag but ironing was easy with a wand.
Castiel came in behind Sam. He saw him shirtless and immediately averted his eyes. “Sorry. Excuse me.”
And then they kissed apart, grinning against each other. Castiel chuckled aloud, dragging the tip of his nose along Dean’s.
“They—” Castiel spread his hands. “They just are. It’s hard to talk to people. It’s
Dean snorted. “Have at it, sister.” He handed Charlie everything beside him, including the Howlers and the letter from the Ministry. “No way I wanted to do that myself.”
They weren’t allowed to make love, not here. But after a week they’d needed it. They couldn’t do without it any more.
He slid three slices of cake into the bags with a sticky-handled serving fork, rolled the bags’ tops, and hid them away in the fridge. He then took the remainder of the cake out and placed it on the table, propping up the ‘
Sam glanced back at Charlie and Cas, and they silently exited the car, taking Moosh and Baby Batman with them. Dean popped the trunk and the others collected all their things – which, as it turned out, fit easily once Dean had applied an Extension Charm to the Impala’s hold. He could’ve fit an elephant in there if he wanted to.
“I want that,” he said, breathless. “Dean, I want to feel that. Every damn day.”
“I’ve fantasised about having you like this too often to pass up the chance,” Castiel smiled. He grunted, thrusting into his grip. He happened to catch on Dean’s inner thigh as he did, and Dean shuddered.
“Any chance you could do that in your head?” Castiel asked, glancing over his shoulder at Dean. Saturday morning sunlight gleamed off his tanned cheeks and glowed in dots upon his bright eyes, and he went on staring as he waited for Dean to figure out what he was missing.
“She’s over by Charlie and Kevin and Mariela and Sam. They’re taking pictures.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “I didn’t expect to find it beautiful, I thought it would be... I don’t know, arousing. Or normal, not provoking any feeling. Or maybe I’d see it as something I’d have to put up with for the sake of pleasuring you. But—”
“Waiting for you to find me in the crowd.”
Castiel’s smile was small but genuine. “Can’t say I have.”
But it was also obvious... Dean was upset about something else entirely.
Castiel inclined his head, swallowing as he folded up his parchment and set down his quill. “I hope I didn’t miss too much of what you said.”
hired as a teacher. After years, he falls in love, and he knows the witch he’s in love with loves him back. But they don’t say it. They don’t kiss. They just go on living their lives, teaching their classes, aching and pining and
The phoenix croaked a reply, then bowed and flew off, wings spread out wide. Castiel watched it leave the ditch and appear to catch fire, but it was only an illusion, caused by its magnificent feathers lighting up under the blaze of the Arizona sun.
They danced to the end of the song, and when it ended, they kept dancing.
“Nipples,” Dean whispered.
Castiel beamed, stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair again. Then he rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder, arm curled around his back. With his other hand, Castiel loosened a button on his own half-open shirt, letting more air wash against his chest.
Dean smiled as he entered the classroom. As it was near the top of the castle, Castiel’s Potions room was one of the few rooms with windows, and as a result, this room was nearly always blazing with sunlight. Gold beams twisted with a steamy haze which never dissipated, always brewed up by one of Castiel’s potions, or his students’.
Castiel carried on touching himself, though now he was pressed to Dean’s belly he didn’t have much room. They huffed together, both feeling Dean’s come sliding under Castiel’s knuckles. Dean even heard it squishing. At any other time that might’ve disgusted him, but looking into Castiel’s eyes and feeling it happen, right now, felt incredible. There was a devotion in Castiel’s eyes, in his stroking hand, and it illuminated Dean. This felt intimate in entirely new ways.
“However,” Moseley added, a sly smile in her voice, “there’s clearly no stopping you four. I knew you’d be rebels from the second you were sorted into your houses. I figured I’d keep you in line for the most part – and it worked. More or less. Heck, if a kid needs a friend, you’ll be a pal for them. And if you fall in love with a co-worker within school hours, at least you have the common decency to consummate your love off the grounds.” She looked at Castiel this time, nodding in thanks.
“Is that why you went as a girl?” a first-year asked, cross-legged on the floor at the front of the bleachers. “So nobody would recognise you?”
“Why did you come up here?” Castiel asked, turning another page, not looking up. He was wearing a loose white shirt which billowed about every time the wind shifted their way, bringing with it the smell of clay from the sides of the quarry.
Castiel took Dean’s hand, then looked away, instead turning his eyes towards the Astronomy tower. “Did you know, when Charlie first told me I was autistic, she and I were up there? We’d only just met.”
“Blue’s a wizard day,” Dean explained. “Pink is a witch day. Purple’s something in between.”
There were barely any houses around – but Castiel’s more basal fears were calmed by the fact each house he
Castiel wanted to throw his arms around Dean and laugh for joy. But he simply closed up the box, and said, calmly, “Thank you, Dean.”
“Daniel’s kinda bummed out,” Dean said, fiddling with his wand, running his thumb over the carved jasmine flowers. “He has this secret, something he’s never told anyone.”
So Dean finished, “But maybe what’s under it all is better, right? I-I-In some ways, I mean. Not perfect, ‘cause nobody’s perfect. Might be a little tough to deal with sometimes. Maybe kind of an asshole. Definitely not everyone’s favourite person. But. But true, you know? Genuine.”
“Wesson.”
As Castiel examined the damage, he realised the pieces were spread like the shoe had been thrown against the door, then swept away when the door was opened.
“Me?” Dean said quietly. He eyed Castiel with some indeterminable emotion swirling inside him. “The wizard of your dreams... That’s me?”
“The rumors about me and Professor Moondoor are completely unfounded,” Charlie said. “There’s nothing going on between us. And she certainly didn’t do
Sam put a hand into the open wardrobe, and it stayed there for a moment. Then he pulled out a hanger. On the hanger was a white padded bra with a pink bow in the centre. Sam stared at it. Charlie stared at it. Castiel stared at it.
Castiel shook his head. “I wouldn’t want to deprive you.”
Dean swallowed. “You’re not making another autism ‘cure’, are you?”
“That’s not a talent.”
Before long a number of women had emerged from seemingly nowhere, cooing over the cakes. Castiel stepped back with a laugh, watching the feasting frenzy. Sam, who had been poring over the pool table and looking baffled at his loss, now peeked up, and left his pool cue behind to see what the fuss was about.
“So you’ve been taking this potion,” Dean said, waiting for more information.
keep on the subject, and still there was nothing that could be done for me. I was alone until I met Charlie. And then, I only had her until I had you.”
“Potato pancakes,” Dean said, thoughtfully. He arched his lips in acceptance, and reached for the potato sack.
Ms. Raglan helped Mrs. Beetrie shrink the plant down to a manageable size, and with a last swish, the lily was set into a flowerpot that had been Conjured out of nowhere. Mrs. Beetrie made quick work of sealing up the floor and putting the ceiling back to normal.
“You don’t even remember Mom,” Dean said, taking Sam’s drink and downing it in one.
Then Dean sighed and rubbed his forehead, blinking hard through the plume of purple steam that emerged from his cauldron.
And Dean would bashfully ask Castiel to touch it...
They sang along to songs they barely knew, and they ate at truck-stops that had no other customers, and they drove away from the sun, following the road, chased by the light.
“I’m not gonna hate it.”
“Me too,” Castiel said, catching Moosh as she hopped off Charlie’s fingers and onto his own. “I needed information and support for all sorts of things.”
Charlie slowly put the chocolates down. “What?”
“You know that’s right,” Dean muttered darkly. He turned to the side and got in position again, holding tight to his bat and wriggling his hips, shifting his weight.
“I getcha,” Charlie said. She put on a brave smile. “I’ll have a word with them. Zunbyrd’s team too. They’re the worst rule-breakers.”
“Everything! Well, not everything— At least I don’t think she knows everything. But, you and me! She’s known all along! You and me, staying here over the summer. Every year. She’s why nobody ever came looking for us!
“Boy, you had a good night, didn’t you?” Moseley smiled, getting up from her seat. She waved the origami bird Charlie had enchanted to summon her, and she set it onto the desk. “There I was thinking I got called away from my hot bath over something trivial.”
Dean took it. “Thanks. Have you seen Cas?”
, Cas...”
“Could you pass the salt, please?”
against the pillow, gasping loud. He pushed his face into his other pillow, groaning as pleasure twisted within him. Real, sensual pleasure.
Dean scoffed. He tilted his head to check out Castiel’s well-defined ass, pursed his lips approvingly, then stepped into his truck, and went to wash his hands in the sink at the back.
Dean shot Castiel a comforting look, then, once Mariela turned away with the money, he uttered, “Hey, don’t worry about it, buddy. My little brother Sammy’s like that. Freaks out every time I give a chick a free drink. ‘Cuts into profits’ this, ‘flirt on your free time’ that.” Dean touched Castiel’s shoulder with a warm hand, then let go and took the change Mariela offered. “Thanks, Cas. Pie was awesome. Totally worth the overpricing.” His eyes lingered on Castiel’s, sparkling bright, then lowered away, a faint smile on Dean’s lips as he went back to his truck.
In handling his wand, he had an idea.
,” Castiel whimpered. The fireworks inside him fizzled out, though the light remained in his inner skies, something which felt impossible. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to relax.
a genius. You have something... outside of you, within you, guiding you to create great things, Dean. Believe it’s not God if you like; that’s your prerogative – but you are... extraordinarily gifted.”
“Maybe it’ll happen faster now,” Castiel said. “Thank you, Charlie.”
Dean pulled back, smiling. “So long as I see your handsome face smiling from the bleachers, Cas, I’ll be fine.”
Sam rubbed at his ear and grumbled, passive-aggressively complaining about Dean’s shout.
industry is competitive – and active discouragement is seriously
“Hold it – hold your erection,” Castiel said. He blinked quickly, trying to think beyond his own pleasure. “Push into your hand— Pretend it’s me.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, nodding gratefully. But then he shook his head. He didn’t know what to say. There was so much and so little he wanted to express aloud. Did he want a house, a home? A place with a kitchen and a garden, a tank of fish? Or did he want the road, a set of wheels turning beneath him? Or did he want to rule a castle he already owned, sharing his knowledge with hundreds of young minds, a place full of magic and wonder and love?
Castiel wet his lips, looking up again. Professor Moondoor was doing some kind of performance dance, her golden wings fluttering. The other dancers had cleared a space around her so she didn’t hit them with her sweeping arms.
“Sorry it’s not perfect,” Dean said. “That’s how a table placement looks when you don’t have house elves.”
Dean raised his eyebrows, meeting Castiel’s inquisitive eyes. “What?”
Slow, steady.
“Psh, sure you aren’t,” Dean said, rolling his eyes as he hopped off the dais. “Look, call her ‘young’un’ and ‘kiddo’ and she’ll get the message.”
Sam leaned forward. “Come on! Just tell me already!”
Dean pff’d. “I mean, I did at first.”
Dean showed Cas how to work the TV, and Castiel was again fascinated. He, Dean, and Sam watched a double episode of
He spun his chair around and sat on it with his arms folded over the backrest. He gave an upward nod to the kid with a bushy afro with his arm raised, who quickly looked behind to see if Dean was nodding at someone else. “No, you,” Dean grinned. “Gimmie what you got.”
the moment he got a taste of what Dean made. Dean had competed before but never with the stakes so high.
“Uh. Yeah. Yeah, I guess.” Dean tried to hold Castiel’s eye, but instead ended up looking at the ground again. “That’s me too. I, uh... I’m that. I’m... bisexual.”
“This is beautiful,” Castiel breathed.
Missouri began to frown. “What you’re describing sounds like a hell of a party life, but that sort of thing has no place in a school.”
. My natural state is inherently talentless. I just work damn hard not to suck at everything.”
“Well, they can suck it,” Dean replied, kissing Castiel’s cheek, leaning so close that their masks bumped. “You wouldn’t
“You look the same as ever,” Gilda replied. “Can’t say I’m not disappointed. You could’ve come with angel wings, then we would’ve matched.”
Dean snickered. Castiel examined his face, enjoying the blush on his face and the playful glint in his eye.
Bothered by Sam’s sudden silence, Castiel looked across.
Deciding on a move, he aligned himself, his back to Dean...
“And yet you’re claiming your charred animal carcasses are edible, when they’re
Castiel realised with a flash of panic that the box of cakes was emptying, and after Billie the mortician had taken three – one for herself and two for the old men outside – there was only one cake left. Castiel lurched for the box, ready to close it up, but in the split-second between lifting the lid from underneath and lowering it over the top, the last cake was taken by young Kevin, and he was so small and sprightly that he was gone before Castiel could open his mouth to protest.
“I prefer to think of myself as readily confused. Less dumb. Less ass.”
“Go look,” Charlie laughed, taking Dean’s hand and pulling him to the bathroom. She shoved him in, waiting outside. “I’ll be right out here.”
Balls went in every direction, falling plop-plop-plop into the pockets at the corners and sides of the table.
Charlie held his hand, and Dean didn’t mind that she felt him shaking. When the phoenixes lifted up the carriages, forming an awesome floating snake that rose into the sky, Dean felt his heart shatter.
“Hmm.” Dean’s fingers wriggled. “I’m kinda... nervous.”
Castiel lowered his head, shaking it.
The gates opened. Castiel and Charlie pushed the gates wide, but Dean didn’t let the car roll forward. He sat, and he watched as the others left their luggage at the entrance and went to talk to the staff about returning the car.
“Then you stopped.”
Dean swallowed, lowering his eyes. “The kids won’t see it that way. I show up in a blouse and lipstick and I’m a crossdresser. A dress and big hair, I’m a drag queen. With boobs and pants, I’m... I don’t know. The only teachers at this school who show up with boobs and pants are Professor Tran and Charlie.”
“Does that sound good?”
“I find that hard to believe,” Charlie smirked, sharing a look with Castiel. “
“Yes. It helps me concentrate,” Castiel said. “I revised while the quill was singing, so when I hear it singing I remember what I revised.”
Dean sat down at the foot of his bed again, showing Charlie a leather-bound notebook. “I’ve kept this since I was fifteen. Start of my second B.A.T. year, when I figured out some stuff.”
He’d never made a noise like that before, not once in his life.
me. Make me feel comfortable with doing this. I know you can, Dean.”
“Good times, huh?” Dean said to the car, stroking her dashboard. He didn’t really need to speak aloud; he felt as though she could sense his feelings, so long as he was in contact with her. She could read his thoughts if he sank back in the driver’s seat, if he patted her dash, if he turned the radio off and allowed the sound of L.A.’s December traffic to flood through the open window.
“She’s had a crush on Cas since her first class,” Dean grinned. “Poor kid.”
And they valued freedom.
“I had a friend,” Charlie said. “Back in my Muggle school. She was a lot like you. She had trouble meeting people’s eyes, and she used to get angry a lot, but she was sweet – and kinda dorky. She was fine with talking to people. One time she got really obsessed about trains and then nobody could get her to talk about anything else.”
Sam paused, then he hung the bra back in the wardrobe where he found it. Apparently unable to quell his curiosity, his hand moved along the rack, and he pulled out something else. Another bra, this one black. He only looked at it for a moment before putting it back and pulling out something else. A shimmery, lacy piece of pink lingerie. Sam’s hand shook, and he shoved it back into the wardrobe like the hanger was hot to the touch.
“Sleep with me tonight,” Castiel said, nuzzling Dean’s cheek. “Let’s make love again.”
Charlie let out a slow breath through pursed lips. She stared at the spot where the others stood to conjure their Patronuses, and she stepped forward. Sam passed her, smiling as he returned to Dean’s side.
Dean turned at the sound of his name. He smiled, seeing Castiel hesitate to enter the bedroom out of politeness.
“Puh!” Gabriel puffed a ghostly quiff of once-golden hair out of his round face. “Not telling.”
“Like you,” Castiel said.
able.” Dean was inflamed by the word. “
Gilda laughed, taking Castiel’s bluntness in her stride. “Can’t say I was planning on dancing with you either,” she agreed, breaking apart from Castiel to do a jig of her own. “Between you and me, I’d rather have danced with Professor Bradbury over there. Or her date. They’re both scorching hot.”
He breathed softly, taking a full minute to recover. His pillow felt sticky, and it was still touching him.
Dean scoffed. “You ever actually
Dean swallowed, lowering his head. His heart was pounding.
I hope you had a good time reading this! It’s been a while since I’ve posted Destiel, but there’s
“It’s not about that. It’s not about what I do, what I
Dean lifted his head. His green eyes sparkled with morning light, his freckles as bold and alluring as ever. He curled one hand around the back of his neck and pulled his long, reddish-brown hair around to one side, where it tumbled down to tickle at Castiel’s belly. Dean smiled, gently pressing his top teeth to his swollen pink lip. “I’m gonna change back in a minute,” he said softly. “I wanna feel it happen while your tongue’s doing that thing.”
More calmly, Castiel spoke, and he said, “
– Soriah, did you hear me? Good.”
“I don’t want to lose my job,” Castiel said. “Nor do I want to jeopardise yours.”
“Yeah. I’m Madame Butterfly,” Gilda smirked. “None of us are ourselves tonight, and I love it.”
Dean cried out in shock and pleasure as Castiel sucked his left nipple into his mouth, tongue lapping and swirling – teeth nipping just to see what would happen. Dean whimpered and gripped Castiel’s hair, forgetting how slimy his hands were. Castiel’s hair was soft and warm from the sun. Dean relaxed: Castiel let go of his nipple.
Sam sighed. “The Muggles want you to park it in slot 5B,” he said. “And they also mentioned they got some weird pings on the licence you used when you collected the car. But they—” Sam glanced at Castiel, then Charlie, then back to Dean to finish, “They said it like they were warning us. Like they knew you used a fake license.”
Castiel eyed the lily suspiciously, reminded of a boy whose name and face he couldn’t quite recall.
Dean groaned more than Castiel. He sighed happily whenever a hard sparkle faded from him, but it was never long before a new one began to build, and he was the one to claw at Castiel’s back, keening in bursts of movement, his desire heightened by every thrust Castiel made.
incredible.”
Dean tilted his head and spun out, arms wide. He flung himself back to Castiel, and Castiel laughed, taking him gently and holding him close. Dean hooked his hands behind Castiel’s head and crumpled his hair into his hands, a sensual and almost possessive touch. Castiel had never been toyed with like that in front of anyone, and he immediately decided he liked it.
“Was good while it lasted,” Dean tried, offering an awkward smile.
favours, and I know for a fact you delivered. ‘Cause you always do. I want to be blindfolded because I want it to be a
Dean squeezed his thighs tighter. “What?
than toxic. Look at it! It glows turquoise and it bubbles cold. No living creature in its right mind would consume this. Besides, the potion’s shelf life is only a few hours. Even if I were to drink the whole cauldron—”
“So you’ve known,” Castiel said. “About me and Dean...”
Dean wanted the sweater-wearing, church-attending angel, who baked rainbow cupcakes, saved him $6 desserts and ‘weird juice’, and tidied up his living room.
“Are you going to see Sam too?” he asked.
“You wanna adopt kids,” Dean said, words little more than a breath. “You wanna adopt orphaned magical kids and raise them – together? You and me.”
Dean smiled, rocking his shoulder against Castiel’s. “‘S not your fault. C’mon, man. For twenty-five hours of my life, I felt like all my wishes came
For a long while, Castiel stared, looking at each of Dean’s eyes in turn. Damn, he looked like he’d never heard anyone say something like that before. His confusion turned to gratitude, then... after a few moments, awe.
Professor Moseley turned around at the noise. “Is there something interesting you boys are here for?” Her small eyebrows rose on her round face.
“Don’t follow them to watch,” Charlie said. “Please. Just let them go.”
“Trying way too hard to impress ya, that’s what,” Donna said, clicking her fingers.
Dean shook his head. “Nh-nn.” He put his hand over his nose and mouth and breathed out.
At last Sam called “I found him!” and he pulled the tangled bat from a thick tuft of grass.
“Where are we going to go?” Castiel asked, turning around on his stool, slipping a hand into his pocket to adjust his slacks as he stood up.
Castiel hummed quietly, and Dean shut his eyes to listen. The low notes of Castiel’s drone melted into the distant shouts of house elves playing baseball with Sam and the Jinxes teachers. Amidst the scorching, clicking ambience, Dean sank into a comfortable snooze.
Dean breathed shakily as he broke the kiss. “Cas... I love you,” he whispered, fingers gripping the back of Castiel’s neck.
Dean trembled. He wanted to be topless with Cas. That might be exciting. Though he was twenty-two years old now, and he talked about sex whenever he could make the opportunity, Dean had never actually been topless with another man.
The door opened, and Charlie grinned. “Hey, Mom.”
Behind Sam was Charlie. She was eating a baloney and mustard sandwich, smiling reassuringly at Dean. “You all right?” she asked.
Castiel had survived all his life without Dean. So he probably didn’t need him now, either. Anything Dean made Castiel feel, even if they
Castiel groaned lazily, stretching out in his bed. The sheets were cool where his feet slid, but he found the warm patch of the bed where Dean had lain before.
Sam laughed, which made Dean grin wider.
“What’s up with you?” Dean asked, teasing.
it was you who pasted hygiene posters all over the school kitchens.”
On Friday night the Fountain Room had been large and daunting for the Valentine’s Day ball, now it was back to normal size. Big enough to impress, with the phoenix fountain once again dwarfing the view, but it was nothing so grand as a ballroom. The room rustled with leaves, a refreshing breeze through a summer greenhouse – and yes, there were still sparkles on the plants. The Missouri Everloves bloomed on, twisting through with the blush-red hearts of the Prince Cinderellas. Charlie smiled to herself, glad Professor D’Angel had thought to name the plants after another great love this room had celebrated.
“Let’s just say, I’m reconsidering,” Moseley finished. “After a century or five, a rule’s bound to come across a tad outdated.” She smiled tenderly at Castiel, and offered him another drink of pumpkin juice. “If I ain’t changin’ a rule for my own personal satisfaction, I may well change it to make someone else happy.”
He smiled sadly, thinking it might be kinda fun to have an elephant running around in the trunk. (
“Grumpy face, happy face, embarrassed face,” Castiel listed. “There’s at least fifty-four more, plus sub-categories, including embarrassed because of fear, embarrassed because of arousal—”
“Flip me,” Dean whispered. “Make my boobs jiggle.”
Castiel took the pot to the sink and turned on the faucet, half-filling the pot. But Dean realised a moment later he wasn’t adding water, but washing the rice.
” He nudged up next to Cas and handed over a cold bottle of tamari sauce. Moving to the other kitchen island, he peeled four small white onions, sectioned out a few cloves of garlic purely for the purposes of contact flavour, roughly quartered up the onions, topped and tailed the green beans, then cut out the seeds from two bell peppers, one yellow, one red. All with expert speed.
Castiel lifted Dean by the waist in a hop; Dean threw his head back and laughed, hands tangled in Castiel’s hair. He dropped onto Castiel’s feet and their toes overlapped, then stepped back: upon the hot tiles they spun, breaking apart to let Dean float away like a spinning top, only to be pulled back on some invisible string.
“Neither have I,” Castiel said, staring into his drink. He sipped it again, looking away from Sam so Sam couldn’t see Castiel’s distress.
Despite the usual informality when it came to entertainment at Jinxes, teachers and students alike had taken to a formal dance like phoenixes to fire, or lizards to sunny rocks, or jackrabbits to the dusty undergrowth. Ball gowns of countless colours twirled between each other in sparkling flashes of cloth and legs; shoes tapped as a waltz spun the room.
“Yes! No!” Castiel squinted, then said, “Meat Man? Is that a euphemism?”
Castiel decided not to guess what he
“Didn’t you like it?”
Castiel shrugged, putting his bag on the yoga mat. “I’ve seen you do it before, but I’d like to know the rules.”
Dean tried to scoff that away, but Castiel gazed at him openly, and pressed, “
“Dean,” Castiel said, clearly unnerved. He put down his wormwood, his frown lighter than before. Now he just looked sad. “I didn’t realise you felt that way. For that matter, I didn’t realise you thought I wasn’t still...” He bowed his head, looking forlorn. “I still want to impress you, Dean.”
Dean laughed, reaching to touch his Patronus. She avoided his hand and leapt over him, making him duck instinctively. Her legs were terrifyingly powerful, and her tail swept in a curve as she padded up to Sam, walking past him in the classic aloof fashion of all feline breeds. She ignored Castiel just as expertly. Last of all, she wound past Charlie, giving a careless yawn.
“It’s a horrifying prospect,” Castiel agreed. “And I don’t mean to scare you. But it is a future worthy of fear.”
Castiel swallowed, and he put down his powdered wormwood on the desk without sprinkling it into the mixture.
Soon Sam opened his eyes, and he gave Castiel a kind and gentle smile. “Sorry.” His smile twitched up, a bit tense. “Sorry you had to see all that earlier.”
Castiel was unshaken, turning his back again, raising his wand. He took a moment this time to shut his eyes, contemplating his memory. Dean wondered what he thought about. He hoped Castiel’s best memory included him. His own chosen memory included Cas...
“Water’s gotta be freezing,” Dean said. “What the hell does he think he’s gonna do, swim to China? Oh, look, he’s paddling. He paddles. Moosh, goddamn it, don’t encourage him. Oh, great! Now Baby Batman’s gotten in on the action. He’s gonna get them drowned too.”
“I know,” Castiel said. “You’re out of practice, that’s all. There’s plenty of time for you and I to make it up.” He smiled encouragingly at Dean.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, putting his fingers on the radio tuner.
Castiel hung up the damp towel, shaking his head. “In my experience I do everything wrong. Especially when I talk to people.”
“Always you,” Castiel said. “Unless I think about you I can’t finish.”
Castiel stared back. “What is it?”
Dean shut his eyes and smiled, rocking into Castiel’s mouth. He let himself enjoy the attention, purring out tiny, happy sounds. When the pressure became overwhelming, he flopped back to the pillow and squirmed in place, his breath irregular, his limbs becoming tense and relaxed in sudden spasms. “Ouhh,” he groaned. “Cas... Cas...”
Castiel came to his senses, blinking at himself. “Oh...” His eyes drifted back to the woman. He felt an ache deep inside him, and he ignored Gilda for a moment longer, feeling too drawn to the stranger to pay attention. There was something about her movements, something rough yet graceful that almost
Kinda... loved it, actually.
“Sure is.” Dean drew a deep, happy-sounding breath, then hummed. “I say we start with dessert,” he said. “Can’t imagine your cake is faring too well in this weather.”
Dean licked his lips, trying to focus on the streaks of sunlight through the Great Hall, focusing on the magic, not the dark and slimy memories that coated the backs of his eyelids, blinding him every time he blinked.
“Go Dean!” Charlie called from a few feet back.
Ms. Raglan shook Castiel’s small shoulder in a satisfied way, then finally let go. Castiel gave a small sigh of relief.
She showed them the collection of postcards Charlie had sent her along the way. Castiel touched the Muggle postage stamps and he smiled, because he understood what they were for now.
“This face means... I care about you.”
Caroline glanced around, the adjusted her glasses. “I think... all of us are wondering... It was you...? You in the green dress, wasn’t it?”
“That’s a horrible thing to do,” Charlie said accusingly. “What if those Muggles love this car as much as you do?”
Castiel flinched and rolled over in bed, pulling the blanket over him. Dean was still down in the hospital wing with Bobby. Castiel had tried to sneak back in to bring Dean a packet of Bertie Bott’s All-American Every Flavor Beans, which he’d had stashed away in his trunk, but Bobby said food would disrupt his healing, and company could disrupt Bobby’s own sanity.
So, on game day, he borrowed a golden Zunbyrd uniform from the laundry, and he sat on the bench at the side of the quarry – which of course served as Jinxes’ Quidditch pitch too. Castiel waited until someone got knocked out and sent to the hospital wing, then he got onto his stolen broomstick and he took their place without anyone noticing.
Dean lowered his head, immediately flustered, and he tried to look anywhere but at Charlie and Sam. His eyes kept magnetising to Castiel though, and every time Dean looked, he was wearing less. No shirt, no pants. He was down to his boxers when he walked into the sea, water sloshing around his ankles, then his legs.
Castiel stared at her. “No.”
Dean looked ahead along the rope ladder, which went on for a long way, then veered left and ended at the tower, its pointy witch-hat roof covering a glowing ember of warm light.
“Muffling charm,” Castiel said guiltily. He slid his wand back into his sleeve. “My last class for the day was too rowdy. As soon as they were gone I desperately wanted some peace.”
When Dean had pulled some pants on and done up the belt, he sighed and reached for his record player, pulling up the needle just as the song reached its final notes. The room rang with silence.
Charlie tightened her gown. “Come with me,” she said. “As of right now, we have a meeting scheduled with Professor Moseley.”
Sam took a breath. “Dean... I’m... I’m trying to imagine you as a woman, but I’m not sure... Just ou- out of curiosity, what would you wanna look like?”
Mariela didn’t notice there were eighteen dollars’ worth of cake missing. Neither did Belén. Of course Amy, Carla, and Yunia were too far along the table to even care. Yunia was already tallying up the profits for the day, licking her finger between every swipe of a dozen paper notes, and Carla had put her feet up on a folding chair, sipping on the blue sludge from the bottom of a melted ice cone as she idly watched people pass by.
“What’s normal to you?”
“Fine,” Bobby said eventually. “But your tush stays
The wizards were here first.
When Dean glanced up and saw the bemused expressions around the room, he shook his head. “It’s a big topic. It’s a lot to take in for your first Charms class of the year. I bet a bunch of you are wondering why this is even relevant. Hell, at this point, even I’m wondering.” Dean thrust his tongue between his lips, licking them wet. He glanced up again, and as always, he saw his class watching him.
The woman arched one of her grey eyebrows, a smirk curling the corner of her thin lips. “Depends. Can you pay for it?”
“That burden-lifting wish of mine is still in the process of coming true, I suppose,” Castiel said. He kissed the top of Moosh’s head, then sent her fluttering off to perch on Dean’s shoulder. Moosh headbutted Dean’s cheek, delivering the kiss. Dean smiled.
Castiel touched Dean’s bristly cheek. “Oh, no...”
“Try the hedge,” came a rough, deep voice.
“No,” Dean said. His finger curled around Castiel’s, and he licked his lips twice, working up the guts to say, “Well... yeah. Kind of. Ih- It’s actually a witch day today.”
Charlie knew. She didn’t say anything.
the box. Or, again, you fail life.”
“Then how... how am I meant to tell him I’m ahh... okh.. okay? Hummh?”
So they slept in the car: Dean in the driver’s seat, Sam beside him. Charlie and Castiel lay with their backs together, and when morning came, they’d slipped down so their heads rested on each other’s knees.
. I really liked this issue.”
“Then what would you suggest?” Castiel asked, his words somewhat sour.
“I wanna be this tall,” Dean said, crouching so he looked up into Castiel’s eyes from an inch below, smiling. “Tall enough to stand on my tiptoes and just...” He rose up two inches, and he kissed Castiel’s lips, pressing into him.
Dean raised his eyebrows, daring Castiel to turn the knob.
Castiel grimaced. “Hm. I’ll owe you three favours, let’s call it.”
Sam started, “Did he—?”
“You’d let me get you off, just not
“One down,” Dean said, smirking. “C’mon, Cas. Eight balls, six pockets, six hits left. You wanna start over? I’ll go easy on you this time.”
Out came a silver phoenix, large and swooping in a backward arch, as elegant and sleek as Charlie was on a broomstick. It gave a silent trilling song, diving low over everyone’s heads. Even Gabriel grinned as it went past.
Together, Dean thought, they made a good family.
“Unfortunately, no, I couldn’t eat it.” Castiel smiled gently. “And yes, it is in regular bread.”
, you’ve said it five times already,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. He tightened the waist tie of his bathrobe, sitting down heavily at the end of his bed. “Why is this so difficult to grasp? I don’t wanna
Dean’s heart clenched in happiness or pain, he didn’t know which. “H-How ‘bout you try sayin’ that like it’s not killing ya, buddy,” Dean said, hating that he stuttered.
does, do I?” Sam uttered. “Do what you want, Dean. It’s not like I care anymore.”
A younger Dean might have said it was saccharine, with all that soft schmoopy crap getting in the way of his dark leather and raw wood.
“You’re going to bed,” Dean said. “Now. Before I have to carry you.”
Sam’s eyes moved to Dean, and Castiel stepped aside so the brothers could see each other.
Immediately the thickness of beer smothered his senses, and between the warm, dim lighting and the pungence of alcohol, he felt like he was breathing liquid amber. There were almost twenty people in here – too many people for a living room so small. Smiling figures hung around the verdancy of a pool table, where the
Charlie shook her head. “A handful of kids think I was hurt by a man, and I swore off men forever because of it. It’s bad because people – fuck knows which people – people assume the man was Dean.”
“Wha... Is Skink a nurse now? He’d make a... purrrty nurse.”
“Sorry,” Sam grimaced. He offered down a hand, pulling Dean back to his feet.
“Are we driving away with the real one or what?” Dean asked, putting his hand on his Baby’s hood.
It seemed like all the weight of the three men, their luggage and their familiars squashed into Charlie; she gasped but no air came to her, and for a moment she was blind. Then she felt the ground under her feet, and she crouched, exhausted. Three hefty thumps arrived at her side, and she finally took her breath, relieved that side-along Apparition had worked with so many people.
Castiel continued to make the same mysterious pink potion. Every few days it changed colour: pink to purple to grey to white, then white to black to pink again. Dean had once held some suspicions on what it could be, but by the twentieth day, he’d all but forgotten. Like the turquoise potion Castiel had worked on for well over a year, Dean eventually learned not to ask, not to wonder, not to think too deeply about it. The pink potion became mundane to the students in Castiel’s classroom. Seeing it became mundane in Dean’s remedial Potions classes. And it became mundane in Dean’s life.
“Take your shoes off,” Dean urged, looking down at his feet. “Oh my God, this feels amazing. It’s so much better on bare skin.”
For the first time in several minutes, he looked up at Castiel. “I’ve been having a lot of witch days recently,” Dean said, his voice husky and dry. “I think about going as a wizard to this dance and I... I can’t.” He smiled, but he looked heartbroken. “If I have to do it looking like a guy, I can’t go. Teaching class, fine, I can put up with the charade. But that ball... That’s my limit. I’m sorry, Cas. I am. But that’s just how it is to me.” He hung his head, unable to look at Castiel for a second longer.
“Mm, you not into that?” Dean asked warmly. “How ‘bout this?”
“Oh, congrats! We’re actually almost out ourselves. Actually, um – no offence, but we’ve kinda got a lot of work to do, so—”
Hands moved and cash exchanged hands, it was all a big rush of desserts and paper bags and shouting over the noise.
Nearly all the hands went up. Even the teachers’ hands at the back. Sam’s and Charlie’s went up. Castiel’s went up.
A sweat broke out on his forehead, his mouth dry, his hands sweating, his toes curling in their boots. He whimpered, feeling Castiel’s nose pushing into his cheek, a kiss following it. Just a soft kiss, just a touch to his jaw.
Quietly, Charlie said, “I wish the students and their parents could just... accept you, and support you both. Like they did with me.” Dean stared at Charlie, and Charlie noticed, turning her head to stare back. “What? What’s wrong?”
“Don’t tell us,” Sam said.
Castiel looked up at Dean in awe. “You... You look so beautiful...”
“Just don’t complain about the sand!”
“‘m awake,” Dean slurred. He smacked his lips together, staring blearily at the ceiling of candles. “I think. Wait, am I dead?”
Dean only moaned in reply, dizzy and blind and gasping. “
, Dean,
Dean held Castiel’s eye, both hands clasped behind his neck. They swayed, and they twirled, and the other dancers became mere flecks of colour in this fantastic green world of Castiel’s.
“Ducks don’t look like that,” Castiel said, his expression a mixture of excitement and annoyance. “But I like it anyway.”
” said Charlie Bradbury. When Missouri glanced over, Charlie gave a nervous smile.
Castiel didn’t reply; he looked up and held Dean’s eye, crouching part-way, hands on Dean’s hips. He set his warm and incredibly plush mouth to Dean’s lower belly, and Dean sighed on a smile, whispering “Oh,” as he figured out Castiel’s intentions.
“What... What’s happening to me?” Castiel asked himself under his breath. He searched the dark drapes for answers but even Moosh was silent. “Why am I...?”
Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean paused on a stair. “His,” he corrected.
Castiel kept his eyes open, watching Dean. Dean lifted his torso up on a bent elbow, and together they watched as his breasts shrank, his shoulders widened, his neck rippled with muscle out of nowhere. His hair shattered and fell in soft curls across the pillow, limp pieces dangling off Dean’s shoulders. Castiel’s hands on Dean’s thighs observed the change through touch: he grew bigger and taller; his legs pushed against Castiel’s head on either side now.
Dean stood by the table, his chin and nose glowing in the hanging lampshade’s brilliance, his eyes in shadow. He hummed, chin ticking up. “I’m up for it. Cas, you up for it?”
Castiel halted a floating desk in mid-air and sheepishly returned it to the teetering stack along the wall.
“Well,” Moseley said, lifting her own glass in a toast. “Congratulations to you and Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean grinned. “For years I was wishing... I’d look in the water and I’d wish to become a girl. Like, I didn’t know how to achieve that, but I wanted it so bad, and I’d wish for it. Nothing came of it, and I figured there was no real magic in the fountain.” He glanced at Castiel. “Didn’t stop me, though. Every few days for years, I wished for Cas to quit his autism-erasing potion – because I missed him. And I wished for Cas to realise how I felt about him, and I wished... ugh, so many things. All of them were because I wanted something for myself.
Finally down to just a t-shirt and jeans, Charlie grabbed a stool and sat down with her back to a student desk, kicking her boots up onto the next stool along. She groaned, threading her spread fingers through her hair. “Ever since I came out, it’s just been crazy. I was expecting more drama, but I guess I picked the right class to open up to. My first-years are awesome. It’s the other classes I’m having a problem with.”
Sam and Charlie glanced at each other. “Not sure,” Charlie said. “He might not be. Tomorrow, though. We’re here tomorrow.”
“Hello. Oh!” Castiel was surprised to be dragged into a hug, but smiled through it, grinning as Charlie let go. “Is Dean here?”
“That!” Dean leapt forward, nudging Castiel out of the way. “I haven’t heard that song in years!” Gleefully he twisted the knob back, but the song had vanished between a dozen other similar voices and bizarre, nostalgic sounds.
Dean had wanted to
Dean nodded, grinning. He loved to see Sam that exhilarated, just like a kid again.
“Chickens eat corn so it’s in the eggs. I don’t eat chicken either. Corn has a molecule that’s very similar to gluten.”
Dean smirked shyly, touching Charlie’s thigh. “Uhhh. I want a... small waist. But knowing the stuff I eat that’s gonna be impossible to maintain. Most of all I just want smaller shoulders. If I had smaller shoulders I think the rest would be relatively easy. I guess I’d keep the bowlegs and the freckles,” he shrugged. “I mean, I don’t love them, but they’re me. So.”
With another quietly dramatic whine of a sigh, she turned away, eyes lingering on Castiel for a moment more before she fell into an easy volley of Spanish commands, rallying her ladies and taking one end of the folded table under one arm, as Yunia took the other.
“E-YAH!” Dean yelped as he hit the floor, spread out like a starfish. “Sam, watch it! I was leaning on that!”
“Alright,” Dean said, pushing himself to his feet, then dragging his chair out from behind the desk, “hands up, who can tell me the difference between sex and gender?”
Sam licked his lips, a hand rising to drag down his face. He groaned, the remains of a frown clearing away as he let his hand fall. “Alright,” he breathed. He looked down at Dean, who still refused to meet anyone’s eyes. “Dean...”
“Boy, am I exhausted,” the older Charlie said, blinking hard. “By the time my twenty-fifth birthday rolls around, I’m gonna look like I’m going on forty.”
. I’m the fuckin’
“Three hits more for a tie,” Dean said, through all the noise people made. “Just two more and you win. No hard feelings if you lose, Cas, seriously. Well—” He winked, mouth open. “Maybe one.”
Together, they were strong. Together they were happy.
Dean turned back to the BBQ truck, wearing a smile. “Figures we got planted next to Heaven’s prissiest bake-sale team. What d’ya say, fam, think we could smoke ‘em out?”
Castiel took hold of Dean’s other hand. He held it tight, and he made Dean feel strong again.
“This is the real one,” Castiel said, distracting Dean from his guilt. When Dean looked up, Castiel pointed at the real Impala.
, Sammy.”
Castiel grabbed Dean’s fuzzy jaw and kissed him, deeply, slowly, pushing into his lips. His heart felt like it was going to beat its way out of his mouth and into Dean’s, but it never got further than his throat. His breath shuddered, a little sound of wonder sneaking out.
to strike out.”
“The hell are you doin’?” Dean laughed. “Dude.”
. You want this stuff or not?”
this – nor could Castiel believe that he himself was so willing to try it. Dean was the reason he’d taken his libido-dampening potion in the first place, wanting to quell the urge to moan out Dean’s name. But now there was no doubt: Dean wanted the name Castiel moaned to be his own.
“Give me somethin’ dapper,” Dean requested, smirking. “Silk shirt, grey pants.”
Qurdruk’s common room was a domed clay space. The floor was layered with patterned cushions over rugs and mattresses. All the tables were small and easily moved, and people tended to crawl when they wanted to travel; running would make the furniture bounce. Strings of beads hung from the ceiling. In the slightest breeze, they would twirl, catching the light from the round windows up above.
“Hm-hm,” Castiel laughed, eyes crinkling up. That was Dean’s favourite of Castiel’s expressions.
celebration.
Castiel exhaled. “I, um... I’d like to do something with you. Something fun. Exciting.”
He heard a quiet cough.
Gingerly, he put a hand on his hip bone. It was hotter than he’d ever felt it before. His fingers inched inward, and Castiel stroked his pubic hair. Touching it felt more exciting than usual. Felt
“No, life after... love.” Dean shrugged. “You and me have known each other – what, sixteen years now? Seventeen? Something like that. Been together twelve. I was just wondering...”
him. Pushing his hips, exploring how they felt thick together, strong together, struck hot by the intimacy of meeting eyes. Little breaths shivering over lips...
“Go on, Cas,” Sam encouraged.
“...Cas?”
Castiel relaxed a bit. He ate a cupcake of his own quietly and neatly, eyes on the gloss of the lake, watching clouds stroll by.
Dean kissed Castiel for a bit, mouthing at him, breathing slowly against his bristly upper lip. He hadn’t shaved that morning and Dean loved it.
“Gah—”
Castiel tilted his head, considering Sam’s tense posture. “Is there something wrong with that?”
Bobby snorted. “He checked you over before I arrived. He’s been studying medicine this past year. As weird as I find this house elf revolution... hell, it’d be handy to have someone permanent around here with more magic than I have. Someone to patch you up during vacation.”
The crowd didn’t bother him so much, now. People gave him and his mini-fridge piled up with vintage crockery a pretty wide berth.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever you say, Dad,” Dean rolled his eyes.
Castiel looked up, and they gazed at each other in the sun. “That depends,” Castiel said. “What is it you’d like to do?”
’s ghostly flame logo front and centre. He and Castiel headed back to the stove.
famous,” Dean said. “And that’s kind of an overexaggeration, wouldn’t ya say? They played three of our twenty songs to death in a ten-mile radius. Forty people bought our album, which we burned, like, two-hundred copies of on Sam’s laptop. Bet you’ve never even
“Not tonight,” Dean said, sliding his hand free and pulling up his panties so they snapped tight against his hips. “We got a dress to design.” He grinned; his voice sounded low and sweet, and though it was still deep, there was not one gruff note in his words.
They watched a firework show at midnight on New Year’s Eve, and they spent New Year’s Day playing Scrabble in the back of the car. Castiel won a lot. Dean came in second every time, no matter who won.
Castiel took a deep breath, eyes turning to the sky through the tree’s whispering blossom. “I think I might want a family.”
“Did you get them?” Dean asked.
Dean folded his legs up tight to his chest, ignoring the burn on his feet. He needed to hide his crotch. He very quickly became overheated, and he started to feel sweat prickling all over his body.
Castiel had been hoping Sam would ask, since he had feelings he’d wanted to express to somebody for weeks. But now the question hung in the air like a song missing its catch. Castiel wasn’t sure he wanted to answer.
Dean hesitated, then drew back his hand. “I was going to in a minute,” he said, defensively. “Geez.”
“I hear there’s pie,” Moseley mentioned. “Better get down there quick before the kids snatch it all up!”
Dean took a breath, wanting to answer. Deep inside, he knew he was being more open than he would usually be. Saying things he’d regret later. But despite his current state of mind, there was still a filter in place. He couldn’t answer the question; the truth was too deeply protected.
of rain upon the roof.
“Have you seen Cas?” Charlie asked. “I need to go over some last-minute details about the ball tomorrow.”
Dean swallowed, lowering his head. “So every third night for two years, I’ve been here beside you, watching you try and fail, try and fail, try and fail – and you knew the whole time that I wouldn’t approve? That deep down, I wouldn’t
“That...” Castiel tilted his head. “That’s your band, isn’t it? From when you were a rockstar.”
“Uh, yeah. Like, I can’t tell what you’re thinking the way I can with Sam or Charlie. I guess it makes interacting with you interesting, but given I know you so well... Heh. That’s probably why people are so weird around you. You’re blunt and stubborn and kind of a dumbass sometimes.”
Castiel was about to reply with scorn, but his expression lightened, and he shrugged. “I’ve wished for plenty of things for myself that eventually came true. Mostly that my autism would be cured so Dean would love me.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered, wanting nothing more than to melt into Castiel, to taste his lips. “This... All of this. Th-The way I’m looking at you. It means...” Dean’s breath stuttered. “Ih— It means—”
,” Sam said, before his face split into a massive grin. “I saw you a couple times out there but— Dean. Oh my God, you look like Mom.”
“No, I did,” Castiel said, combing his fingers through his hair as he looked away. “Perhaps too much.”
“Here! At Jinxes!” Dean held his arms wide, beaming.
“I made the clock,” Castiel said, nodding towards it. He picked up his butterbeer and took a sip, swallowing down the caramel nectar with a small smile. “I also hired the band, and I poured a potion into the fountain which makes it move in time to the music.”
“Oh, that already happened,” Dean smiled. His eyes brightened, and he sat up a bit straighter. “I probably shouldn’t tell you their names, but there were a handful of sixth-years who came up to me just as everyone left my room for lunch. They said...” Dean smiled, head down. “They were real sweet about it. They said thanks for bein’ so brave, and thanks for giving them someone to sorta... represent them. They wanna start a Gender and Sexuality club for the Jinxes kids. Proper sex ed, human Transfiguration walkthroughs, peer support – stuff like that. They’re hoping I could front their mission.”
A few hundred feet away, the olive-green-robed Jinstem team tottered along, defeated but still proud. Dean saw them go in for a group hug in the distance, and then he swung his attention back to Qurdruk.
“Holy
that’s
Castiel inclined his head, smiling slightly. “Perhaps not for a few years. But yes.”
. Do you even know what that means?!”
“Jewish potato pancakes! You keep your kitchen kosher yet you’ve never heard of latkes?!”
“Because I’m no good at catching without using magic,” Skink answered.
Dean dipped a potato wedge in the egg-free mayo he’d learned how to make, and popped it into his mouth. Melted and warm. But good.
Castiel hugged himself. “Yes. I did notice.” He was the only one wearing white in a platoon of brown, black, and denim blue, for one thing.
,” Dean cried, his hands reaching for purchase in the sheets, or one post of his dark-wood bed, gripping it as they rocked, as they pummelled the bed against the wall.
Sam snorted. “Bet those buns taste like ass.”
Heads turned. The Muggles saw a man in a waistcoat and a cravat, apparently in a great hurry, approaching another man in a tailored waistcoat, whose hands rested on a shopping cart full of peculiar, useless items.
to life. Dean felt wild with exhilaration, and he cried out, “Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!” He threw his head back, laughing. “Yeah!”
Half-closing his eyes, Dean lifted the creamy yellow blob to his mouth. He licked it, but tasted nothing. Then he took a proper nibble, and rolled the substance over his tongue. “Custard?!”
Castiel heard a toilet flush, and then some pipes complained inside the walls. A moment later Charlie came out into the living room, patting her hair down, looking about and fretting. “Urgh, the mess,” she murmured.
“Is that a crime? Before today my turn to pitch only came around once every seventy-five games. Which was exactly four times in the past four years.”
Dean knelt on the sand beside Castiel, watching him take off his blazer. He used the velvet jacket as a pillow, lying on his back, eyes shining in what little light illuminated his face.
Subdued, Dean edged out of the common room, pulling Sam’s trunk for him. Sam carried his toad’s terrarium in one hand, walking in silence at Dean’s side.
“Right,” both versions of Charlie said together. Dean smiled.
Castiel gazed in Dean’s direction, grateful for the silence. Alas, even in the silence, he wasn’t sure what to say.
The second phoenix’s song was different. Yet, it matched the rhythm of the first; they harmonised in places, then moved apart in pitch.
” Castiel sang, faintly, out of time with the lyrics, just enough that Dean knew he was remembering the song from years ago. “
“Fair point.” Dean threw the ball back to Castiel, who caught it overarm and returned it underarm in the same movement. Dean leapt to catch it, and he handed it straight to Skink. “Go tell Cas that Professor Winchester wants to see him at the home plate
Dean huffed.
By the fourteenth night, Dean’s clothes for the morning would be hung over Castiel’s wardrobe door; his shoes and socks would be left untidily on the soft rugs Castiel liked to layer over the tiles. The house elves came to accept that there would no longer be laundry in Dean’s basket but twice as much in Castiel’s, and on the fifteenth day, their laundry basket had been enlarged so it wouldn’t overflow every evening.
“No...” Dean grasped his own cheeks, feeling the stubble. “No, no—” He looked down as his breasts were small again. He gripped his chest. “NO! Cas,
Dean’s lips parted, heart thudding. Quiet voices rushed through the hall, whispers and curious utterances.
He tilted his head for a full minute, examining every angle of the table, eyes darting between pockets and envisioning the trajectories of the balls.
“Cas was just reading out all the notes he got today,” Dean said, leaning back on his hands. He grinned, turning his face to the water. Reflections of golden ripples wobbled across his face, shining in his dewy eyes.
Dean hoped he wasn’t all talk. He had his work cut out for him. Not only did he have to make everything from scratch but he wanted Castiel to fall
“You and me are a single entity,” Dean said, waving a hand. He saw Sam catch the ball an elf threw him, and Skink’s turn was finally over. Dean checked his twenty-five-year-old digital wristwatch, and he smiled dully. “Five minutes; you win the bet. I wasn’t counting the runs.”
Castiel turned his head and kissed back, smiling as he felt a tear of his own warming Dean’s cheek. His eyes closed completely, and two more tears flowed from him.
’s own BBQ sauce with a logo sticker on the pot lid. “Dean, this is amazing. Oh, and it smells—” He shut his eyes and inhaled deeply through his nose.
Castiel felt a tingle in his core, the first real stirrings of arousal. He became startlingly aware of his erection trapped between his body and Dean’s vulva, as Dean gyrated on top of him, and Castiel cried out, eyes shutting in sudden pleasure. Dean was hot and squishy and
“Very hot,” Castiel said.
Charlie smirked. “Since a half-hour ago. My idea.”
Someone handed Castiel a pool cue, and pats rained onto his back. The front door opened and the two old men came in, the black guy pushing the white guy in the wheelchair, both wanting to watch.
Dean’s lips parted of their own accord. He glanced up for a moment, and he realised Castiel had been looking at Dean’s mouth too.
Castiel reached for his wand but Dean’s shoulders were already widening, and his dress was straining at the seams.
A wry smile ticked up Castiel’s lips. “Now you mention it, I am mildly irritated.”
thing is to learn it properly the first time around. Then when it comes to revision, all you gotta do is check you know it, not re-learn it.
“Good boy,” Castiel smiled, smacking Dean’s ass.
taste like happiness,” Dean replied, before blushing bright pink. He picked all the pineapple off his slices and gave the offending fruit to Sam.)
Castiel licked the rest of the dessert from the spoon, then went in for more, lifting it to his lips. This time he was careless, and the spoonful slopped from his mouth, leaving a trail of creamy slime down the stubble on his chin.
Castiel swallowed, and turned in his seat to face Sam, forearms folded on the table top. “I’ve come to think about my own gender. I never considered it before. In the past I’ve thought about my sexuality, and concluded I’m demisexual.” Sam nodded, so Castiel went on, “I thought about that, but I didn’t think about my gender. I’m comfortable living as a man, I’m comfortable in this body...”
She shrugged. Yeah, it was understandable. Dean was totally the sort of guy who’d wear suspenders wrong.
There was a silence, and they stared at each other.
The teachers’ common room was decorated like a tapestry come to life, with earth-toned weavings hung from every orange clay wall. The largest over the fireplace depicted the layered Four Worlds from the Diné Bahaneʼ, in the traditional Diné geometric art style. The animated stitches representing the Air-Spirit People climbed from the smallest, darkest First World up towards the Second World, on their way to the Fourth World at the top.
“Get lost, Gabriel,” Sam said. “You freaked out my students enough today. Nobody needs a petulant ghost pulling faces while they’re trying to summon a Patronus.”
“Where?” Castiel squinted.
,” Dean read under his breath, seeing the well-dressed witch turning to her good side on front cover.
of what you do, what you enjoy, the way you talk to me... it’s all because you’re autistic. It’s not just a disorder, Cas. It’s who you are. It’s part of you. I respect you for it – I
“Okay,” he said, running his hands through his short, spiky hair one last time. “Here goes, I guess.”
Sensing Dean’s continued arousal, Castiel set his left hand on Dean’s thigh, steadying himself there as his hips tipped and turned between Dean’s parted legs.
“So you’ve fallen in love with teaching Charms,” Charlie summarised. “If I get permission, I could give you my time-turner. You could teach both.”
Charlie patted Dean on the back, and croaked out, “No problem. Just doing my fairy-godsister-slash-best-friend duties.”
While Castiel recovered in bed and couldn’t get to his classroom, he instructed Dean to write a paper on the moral and emotional conundrums faced by regular users of Felix Felicis, the potion known as Liquid Luck.
“If you wanted it to be a surprise you could just be surprised,” Castiel reasoned, while picking out a blue silk necktie that he usually wore to Sunday mass.
“I fail to see how explaining all the ways I’m
Nah. Sam had to be seeing things. Dean wasn’t into dudes.
“Not even in private, between consenting adults?” Charlie leaned forward in her armchair, her face moving into the sun. The shadow of a lightning bolt in the window momentarily crossed her forehead.
“His, uh... His sex and his... his gender. They don’t match up.” Dean licked his lips, putting his hands on his hips to keep himself from holding his own hand. “He was assigned male at birth. And some days he’s a boy, so it’s cool. But some days he’s a girl. He never knows which day is which until he wakes up in the morning. And every—” Dean covered his mouth with his hand, feeling the heat in his face. He gulped as he let the hand slide down. “Everyone sees him as a dude. He’s fine with that, but... occasionally he’ll look in the mirror, and he’ll h-hate that his hair is so short or his shoulders are so wide...”
going around about me.” She separated her hands and stared into Cas’ patient eyes. “They’re not all bad, but even the nice ones make me feel... iffy.”
Yeah, he decided. He was gonna enjoy teaching.
He tucked his hands in his pockets again, giving a smile to nobody in particular. “So let’s start. Who can tell me about a charm that would make Daniel feel a little more comfortable with himself? Somethin’ he can use to make himself look more girly on days he feels like being a witch instead of a wizard.”
He passed Dean’s quarters as he headed down the stairs, and he peered through the open door. In the light from a low-burning candle, Castiel saw Dean’s white lily sitting in its pot on his nightstand.
She seemed to be looking at him expectantly. Dean gave her a smile. “Hang tight, Baby,” he uttered. “This might feel weird but it’ll be over in a minute.”
“No, I’m grateful,” Castiel said. “God gave me a path and every mistaken stumble made me more careful about where I step now. I wouldn’t be so steady on my feet without the stubbed toes, so to speak.”
Castiel met his gaze, eyes gleaming.
“You bet it is,” Dean replied, grinning against Castiel’s skin. “
what had seemed like a magically revealing night last week felt more special to Dean than it had to Castiel. But all that aside, Dean did have faith. He did. He
Every other year, he and Sammy had been forced to hide out until everyone had gone home, and only then could they leave their hiding spots. The house elves kept them fed and watered all summer. The Winchester brothers maintained an understanding with the elves: if the elves didn’t tell anyone there were two boys living at the school year-round, then the brothers wouldn’t mention the elves’ overground baseball games to anyone. Baseball was
“You— What?!” Dean froze for a moment, but Charlie whacked him on the back, and Dean hurried forward to draw his brother into a hug. Castiel saw his eyes stayed wide, staring blankly at the golden stars that dangled from the ceiling.
At this point Charlie expected Castiel to lift his head and say, “I am listening; go on,” but he just turned a page and started writing more notes.
badass. We’ve practically grown up here, Dean. Now it’s like we’re properly home.”
Charlie rubbed her forehead, sensing defeat.
With a wobbly smile, Charlie looked over at Sam, who still slumped against the chest of drawers. Sam caught her eye and he smiled back, though it was lopsided and strained.
“What do you mean?” Castiel asked.
Castiel gave an amused, flattered smile. “Hmmm. Alright. Can I have your telephone number and address?”
Missouri asked, “Where are they going?”
“Yeah, and it doesn’t exactly pay well,” Castiel said, side-eying the young woman. “Unfortunately the people who run the wizarding world have not yet figured out that not everyone is good at tests. That’s the crux of it, and you have to realise that: you have to play their game. Think of it as a conspiracy. They want you to fit neatly into one of their boxes, and if you don’t, you fail life. But as soon as you’ve graduated school, they want you to be an individual, and have strengths and values that nobody else has. Only then are you allowed to think
“Lipstick,” Charlie breathed.
Each time a swear word or careless blaspheme reached the ears of Castiel’s friends, he heard their mumbles of disgust, and the jingle-jangle of metal bracelets as they crossed their chests. He himself followed their lead somewhat lethargically, shooting Dean perfunctory glares, but couldn’t help smirk as he did so.
He looked across at Castiel, still smiling. He expected to see Castiel looking as happy as Dean was,
“Aw, come
Sam laughed, shushing her. “
“But I worried.” Castiel’s smile was stony, appearing forced. “I don’t know what I’d do if I lost you. Dean, you’re...” Castiel looked down, frowning, his mouth downturned. “You’re everything to me.”
“Just in case,” Dean said. “No dogs, no bugs, no mud, nothing sticky—”
“What are you gonna do?” Dean asked. He felt Castiel breathe in, his middle pushing faintly against Dean’s.
“Hey, no, don’t worry about me,” Dean said, reaching to take Castiel’s hand. “I found my date.”
“What? No, it’s your mom’s seat,” Dean said, ushering Gertrude over.
Up in the palo verde tree, Moosh and Baby Batman chased each other from branch to branch. Dean observed them for a while, musing that while he himself felt older every day, his and Castiel’s familiars acted like they were getting younger. The little animals played like children, and watching them gave Dean life.
But then he bent his knees and crouched down low, his shoulders level with Skyking’s desk. Sam sighed. He looked at Skyking, and he shook his head gently. “That’s not a nice word, kid,” he said.
Tonight, Dean was a mystery to all who saw him. Even Castiel. He twinkled like a dew-brushed new leaf, his skin radiant, his hair falling in soft curls about his bosom. He moved against Castiel, engaged in the act of dancing the same way they engaged when they made love: their bodies synchronised, sharing breath, inching one way, then the other.
Dean wet his lips, surprised to see Castiel’s pupils expand in the candlelight.
You know the way a castle reflects in water? It looks like it’s upside-down. That’s how Jinxes is. The door is at the top. The deeper underground you go, the further into the castle you get. The turrets and the spires are the deepest below the Earth, where the heat of the sun barely reaches. The sand on the top is level and scalding hot, but the best places in the castle are the turrets.
A sign from God, indeed.
they’re failing Potions, Cas. They can’t figure out two eighths of anything! Magic’s important, sure, but
“You know, I always thought of you as a puppy,” Gabriel said thoughtfully. “Maybe a chocolate labrador, or a golden retriever. A turtle seems a bit like overkill. You’re boring, but you’re not
“Yeah, but like – through someone else’s eyes.” Dean licked his lips, pushing closer against Castiel’s shoulder for comfort. “Like thinking about being Eros, fucking some... some wizard, maybe his friend. Or maybe I’d be a girl and—” He scowled, looking away. “I imagine it’s someone else’s.”
Dean was quiet for a while. Castiel breathed in his jasmine scent, resting his nose against Dean’s neck, where the scent was strongest.
“Cas?”
“It’s not about money,” Castiel retorted. “I don’t get such terrible headaches from smoke anymore, so it’s not even
Sam stayed silent, both hands around his drink. He watched Castiel with a downturned mouth. “I’m sorry,” Sam said gently. “If I knew where he was now, I’d tell you. I haven’t seen him or Charlie since dinner yesterday.”
He stroked a hand up his thigh, tucking his fingers under the band of his panties. He slid his hand into his pubic hair and sighed, eyes falling shut as he scratched his fingertips back and forth through the hair, feeling the mound of fatty tissue beneath. His fingers slid down, between the lips of his labia, and he whimpered, gripping the edge of the bathroom sink for support.
“It’s different for everyone,” Castiel said at last. “Charlie told me autistic traits come in a wide spectrum, the way gender is a spectrum and sexual orientation is a spectrum. People can have one trait and not another, or a lot of one problem and nothing of something else, but nobody’s quite
“I just came from the office, Moseley sent me to get you,” Charlie said apologetically. “All the other teachers will be there by now.”
No wonder Dean looked away when their eyes met. No wonder he looked sad.
Sam hummed.
Dean’s hands... His body against Castiel’s back, his smell—
“Like this?” Dean separated his two fingers, and Castiel grabbed a handful of the sheets, immediately tense. Dean stopped pushing, and Castiel relaxed, flopping down. Dean chuckled. “You should’ve seen your face just then,” he muttered. “I thought you were gonna come.”
“Okay, good,” Charlie said with a sigh. “I gotta drive Bobby back, and Sam’s gotta go pick up his meds before the pharmacy closes. We’ll be back in about an hour – you really okay sticking around?”
and go home, three glass bottles of ginger-and-lemon coconut water had secretly found their way into the mini-fridge, to keep the cake company.
“It has to be drunk every day at noon, with food,” Castiel said. “Its effects last a day or so, but it can
“Right now?” Dean replied. He looked apprehensive. “Can’t it wait, like, five minutes?”
“Dean?” came an unsure voice from the other side of the room.
“How do you feel about Dean being a woman?”
The house elf named Skink came up to Dean, and Dean looked down at the little guy. Dean glanced up once to catch the ball Castiel threw, then he held onto it as Skink waited. “What’s up?” Dean asked.
“Dean, please,” Sam said fondly. “None of the rest of us want to get thrashed by you again. At least Ellen lets you puts up a good fight before wiping you out.”
She said it with
For a few seconds, the crowd didn’t move. Then they started to rustle, fiddling with packets and cartons. Dean grinned, and he picked up his sandwich, cramming a bite into his mouth. Lettuce and excess mustard clashed with olives and the slices of baloney, just how he didn’t like it. It wasn’t meant to be perfect, it was meant to prove his point.
Dean let Castiel see him with makeup once, while they relaxed in their shared quarters on the seventeenth night. Castiel sat cross-legged on the bed, his shirt sleeves rolled up and his feet bare. He ran a hand through his hair, his favourite parrot-feather quill spinning between his fingers. Dean emerged from the bathroom, slowly taking off his robe.
Dean leaned back a few inches away from Castiel’s thumb. “Me? Are you sure?”
They’d done it. They’d really done it.
Castiel chuckled in surprise. “Um. That’s kind of you, but you don’t have to do that. I’d love to try some of your cooking, it did smell amazing. I do eat meat. Rarely, but yes.”
Although Castiel was Potions master around here, either he or the house elves must’ve panicked when Dean got injured. Dean didn’t know if he himself would be able to think clearly if he injured Castiel. Getting a level-headed third party involved seemed the way to go. Dean was nothing but grateful for Bobby’s help.
“Whatever you like. You said you wanted to travel and fix cars. We have a car, and it sometimes needs fixing. Yes? And every vacation we go somewhere new, but we never leave America. Perhaps next time we could Apparate abroad. I hear there are interesting covens in Europe, or the Far East.”
,” Dean shrugged, and his shoulder slipped out and back into his off-the-shoulder puffed sleeves. “I could never do that as a dude. Dance with you in front of people, I mean. I wouldn’t have the guts. But nobody here recognises me. I wanna dance with you, feelin’ totally secure that nobody will ever figure out who your mystery girlfriend is.”
“I said I was autistic? Well... I.” Castiel drew a breath, preparing himself to say something difficult. “I, um. It used to be... harder. To exist. Before I learned how to pray and calm myself,
Dean smiled. “For years I held my wand so my hand would hide those flowers,” he said. “Kids saw it had flowers on it and they laughed. I mean, hilarious, right? A wizard with flowers on his wand? The girls thought it was cute but...” Dean raised a shoulder, curling a finger around his slipping bra strap and putting it back in place. “I do better magic when I hold my wand properly. Let the flowers breathe.”
Fading in from the next room came the mellowed hums of Team Free Will Reloaded, with Dean’s voice rasping dry over the words.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, but he didn’t move.
“I know your exams are fast approaching,” Castiel said, leaning back on the ledge of his new un-burned desk. “But there is a difference between healthy stress and damaging stress. If you’re obsessing... If you find yourself unable to think about anything but your tests, if you don’t eat because you feel it’ll distract you, or because you
Dean shrugged a shoulder, acting like it wasn’t a big deal. “Guess my school wasn’t as thorough as I thought.”
“Yeah, you. At the back.” Dean pointed with the handle of his wand.
Smiling, Charlie pushed the round door open a bit more. She remembered giving Dean that vinyl record herself, years ago. “Dean, it’s me,” she called, easing the door closed behind her.
Castiel took the glass, staring into its swirling umber depths.
Dean watched her head for the bed, her smaller figure edging around Sam and Castiel’s bulky shapes. “You and me?”
, or thrown anyone against a wall.
“Eh. Keep at it,” Dean said, wiping the tupperware out with a dishcloth. “Seriously. Passion can get you everywhere in life, if you stick to it. Skill follows passion, and if you’re good people take notice. And good friends, you need those. Wouldn’t be anywhere without my crew. You met ‘em all, right? What d’ya think?”
“Tonight ought to be the only time,” Castiel said, without a smile. “We can’t conceal a relationship forever, especially if we’re actually intimate on a regular basis. People notice these things. If one of us lost our jobs, we’d be apart. It’s simpler and safer if we keep our distance for a while. That way we still get to work together, and see each other every day.”
“Muggle expression. Means something’s easy.”
meat, right? I can buy you a bunch of coconuts if that’s more your style. Could probably grill coconut.”
“Close?” Dean asked, rocking with Castiel as he started to nudge his hips, wanting more and more as the seconds went on.
That was one of Professor Bradbury’s tactics. Though he kept it out of his expression, Sam felt a thrill just from being able to exert that sort of authority.
Dean laughed. “You tryna get me to tell you my secret recipe? Nice try, pal.”
The car made no reply, but Dean knew she was listening.
Dean pursed his lips, shaking his head. He sniffed in a breath. “You ever think about barbecuing some of your pastries? Apple dumpling, maybe. Or some kind of bun, right? And then we sell it in a combo with an alcohol free, wheat free beer, and call it the Shotgun Sugarbun Special. Y’know, like how people shotgun beer?”
“Anyway,” Dean said, finally balling up the paper and stuffing it into the neck of the empty bottle, “everything you touch obviously turns to gold, so what
sensation overtook him, seeping out of his anus. “Oh my— Dean!”
. He kept hugging me and trying to hold my hand, but I was trying to put my clothes on...”
With a hard gulp, Castiel bowed his head, gazing at the floor. “All the magic we have, Dean, all the fantastic things in the world we live in... All the medicine and all the knowledge even the
“Yeah, so are you,” Dean mumbled, curling over his lap, one hand hooked behind his neck. “I’m, umm. Real glad to hear from you. Kinda thought we might not cross paths for a while, you know? Wasn’t sure you’d ever call. And I couldn’t get your – hah –
“Don’t worry,” Dean said, blushing. “It... It’s kind of a niche series.”
“Yeah, ‘cause you’re a freak,” Dean said, spooning brown sludge into his mouth, slurping.
Castiel licked his lips, blinking his way back to meeting Dean’s eyes. But meeting his eyes was too thrilling, so Castiel looked down again.
Charlie’s room was functional but lavish. The basic setup was minimal with a touch of flair, just how she liked it. The main focus of the room was a four-poster bed, draped in scarlet. In the middle of the room was a teapot on a round table hung with the same fabric. Beside that was an armchair with dented cushions, beside a bookshelf full of both Muggle and wizarding fiction. There was evidence everywhere of indulgence: a half-finished box of chocolates rested beside the tea; nail polishes were still set out on the bed. A dress and accessories hung on the wardrobe ready for tomorrow, and a collection of shoes were stacked beside the books. Castiel had been in here plenty of times, but it was set up slightly different every time he arrived.
“Yeah!” Charlie shouted, raising her hand. Her Patronus gave her a high five with its wing as it swept past.
“No way!” Sam leapt out of his beanbag, and out of his sullen mood. “No
Castiel began to smile, and he shook his head, looking away. He took a deep breath, inhaling the muggy summer air, and he leaned back against the thick-trunked palo verde tree behind him. Shade was intermittent, as Dean and Castiel sat on the side where the breeze pushed the bushy chartreuse blossom back. Castiel had suggested a cooling charm, but Dean preferred the heat. Where Dean’s back pressed to Castiel’s chest, they seared hot, but they ignored it for the sake of closeness.
“Oh,” he said.
“This way,” Dean said, leading Castiel straight to the edge of the quarry. At intervals around the quarry, the walls were carved out with stairs. These were for quick getaways for the students if they ever had to leave on foot.
Dean let Castiel frot against him, let him grasp his hips and fuck down, cock to cock, hips to hips, kissing every so often, moaning whenever the thrill got the better of them. They ran hands through each other’s sweat and they rolled back and forth on the bed, laughing whenever their noses bumped.
Howls of disappointment and confusion filled the air, hands out and gesturing in open flabbergastment. Castiel just smiled to himself, and turned his eyes slyly to Dean.
“Hm?” Castiel asked, his eyes sinking to Dean’s lips.
Dean grinned, one soft hand caressing Castiel’s jaw. “You weren’t meant to.”
“Are you sure?”
Charlie leaned down and kissed the top of Dean’s head, then reached to ruffle Castiel’s hair. “Have a good evening. And an excellent night. Use protection!”
“You forget to eat?”
Castiel looked frustrated, but Dean was only baffled. He pulled his hand away, looking at the smushed pudding on his fingers. “What the hell.”
Dean batted him on the arm. “Awesome. Now.” He spun on his heels, forefingers pointing up, ready to get his sandwich press, but spied the piles of plates and pans in the sink, and slumped. “Aahhhh... Crap.”
“Learning,” Dean said. He looked left, finding the desk from his own Charms classroom. He put his parchment down beside his sandwich, and he rested his fingers on the desk. “What is... learning? Um.”
Dean palmed his forehead. “Hrrrgh. Okay. I got metal. Stainless steel pans, smooth bases. I’ll double-wash.” He went to his pantry, opened the doors, and stared in. “You wanted rice, right? Bag of brown rice down there by my boot. It’s Sam’s but he’s not even gonna live here ‘cause he moved in with Jess. Hmmmm.”
was the creature who lay tethered underneath. Cas was afraid to let him loose, but Dean wasn’t afraid of seeing the truth laid bare. There was a darkness in this man, the kind of livid tenderness that Dean could fall for all too easily.
“You have half an hour,” Castiel said. “I’ll order your brunch for you. You just get what you need and show up on time.”
Charlie gave him a friendly pat on the arm, then tickled Baby Batman when he inched over onto her hand. “Heya, cutie.” She gave the bat a little noogie with a fingertip, grinning when he screeched.
“Not the whole thing, just healin’ up a fracture,” Bobby said. “Stick it out a few hours, kid. It shouldn’t take long. Lucky for you, Skink says the concussion’s only minor. I’m not letting you sleep long tonight, mind.”
“You probably wanna un-invite me now, though,” Dean said, his voice dull with disappointment. “You fell for a dude, not some chick you wouldn’t even recognise.”
They gazed into each other’s eyes, Dean again dazed by his proximity to Castiel, by his warmth. And by the sweetness in his stare, a look of unmitigated fondness.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Am I gonna sprout furry wolf ears again?”
“Eighteen days is a long time,” Gertrude warned.
Licking his lips, Dean glanced to his right. Castiel sat quietly, one hand curved over his inner thigh. He wasn’t hard any more, but his hand was placed as though he was ready to be, any second now.
With a soft laugh, Castiel pushed off the desk and stepped up to Dean, pulling him into a hug. Dean relaxed immediately, nuzzling his chin against Castiel’s shoulder.
Castiel blinked in acknowledgement. He took a sip of his drink, then swallowed, watching the dance go on.
a gender,” Castiel said, looking across at Sam. “I’m male but I’m not a
“But are you
Professor Moondoor looked up and stood, a bright smile on her dainty face. “Professor Goldkeeper! Fancy seeing you here.”
“You got this, Cas,” Dean said, going to Castiel’s side, placing one hand between his friend’s shoulder blades. “Come on.” Their eyes met, and Dean offered his most assuring smile. “I have faith in you.”
Castiel laughed, rocking to headbutt Dean’s shoulder. “At this point you’ve written enough love songs about me that I won’t ever need to wonder if you feel the same.”
Castiel’s lips parted. He was sure he’d heard Daniel call his brother
When Dean looked up, Sam was staring at Castiel.
Charlie looked down at the letters in her hands. They were evidence that the rest of the world – or parts of it, at least – were not as appreciative of self-confidence and queer love as she was. And for a moment, Charlie wanted nothing more than for everyone to see what she saw, to understand what she understood about friendship, how it knew no bounds, and how it brought the most unlikely people together. She wished there was no hatred in the world. Instinctively, she knew she was already in the best position to make that dream come true. All that caused hatred was ignorance. Ignorance, misunderstanding, and a scarcity of resources. As a teacher, Charlie had the power to change that. As did Dean, and Castiel, and Sam.
The fountain burbled cheerfully, its spouting water sparkling brighter than ever. A dozen phoenixes perched along the top rims of the room, swaying their tails in time to the music. Their feathers swished through the leaves of the Missouri Everloves and the new heart-shaped vines that curled between them. Some magic seemed to mix where the birds and the plants touched, as trails of golden sparks poured down the walls, making every leaf and flower glitter and gleam.
“It’s not that I forget, I just... don’t.” Castiel shrugged. “Sometimes there’s food in front of me and I’m hungry, I just keep doing something else.”
that he was looking.
. They’re kind of— Ahh, I’ll just say it. They’re filthy. They’re totally about sex and sexual exploration: girls, boys, whatever. The main character, he’s an immortal god called Eros. His mom’s Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty. She’s fairly conservative, considering her upbringing. But Eros, he’s...” Dean grinned, staring at the dust on his boots. Then he licked his lips, eyes darting to Castiel.
“And the army toy is a metaphor for yourself as a child and teenager, a small plaything with an identity forced upon you, engulfed by the domineering bulk of your father’s will and overly-demanding military expectations.”
Dean laughed. “C’mere.” He beckoned to his brother. He pulled him in close, muttering like he had something to whisper... He grinned, and snickered into Sam’s face, “Listen. Listen. I’m the fuckin’ Meat Man.”
“Team Free Will,” Dean corrected by accident, then tried to swallow his tongue.
Dean was perched on the corner of the bed, filing his toenails. He usually did this by magic, so having to handle a nail clipper after so many years seemed like too dangerous a task. He’d opted for a file, since he could go slow and he wasn’t likely to cut himself.
Dean pulled back the apron like a curtain past his face, then let it slump down to his shoulder. He gave the coconut water another taste, and smacked his tongue to the roof of his mouth a few times. “Okay. It’s growing on me. The hell is this crap, anyway? Tastes like a piña colada watered down.”
With a small smile, Dean leaned back on the couch, kicking a boot up onto his thigh. “Tomorrow’s our passage back. I say we make one last stop before we head back to wizard country.” He shot a smirk in Sam’s direction.
By the time everyone was off the sandy platform and onto the carriages, the teachers were the only ones left standing there, waving to the students who waved back through the open windows.
“Isn’t that the point? To pass the test?”
And Castiel began to quake.
“Clearly.” To himself, Dean thought, hey, red pesto might actually work.
“Uh,” Dean said. He held himself stiff, hands clutched around his fork and knife. “Well, the food looks awesome.”
Castiel saw the quill resting on the parchment, and he so dearly wanted to pick it up and write the truth. He wanted everyone to know the woman holding his hand was
“No, I mean everything. Talking, my clothes, the sound of air in my ears. Being close to other people; being completely alone. Tastes. Smells. Having to do a task at the exact time people tell me to do it, rather than when I have the energy. Having to remember to eat. Things like that.”
“Sure,” Daniel said. He swallowed. He turned to his brother and smiled tensely. “We’ll go with them. Won’t we, Sandy?”
The song slowly came to an end, its notes dragging and pulling like they didn’t want to be over. Dean didn’t want it to be over. He couldn’t stop himself from moving, couldn’t let his hand fall from Castiel’s grip or slip from his waist. He danced and he danced, lost in Castiel’s eyes.
“I, uh...” Dean shrugged. “I volunteered you.” He looked up at Charlie, smiling. “I got my weekend Learning classes to think about, on top of Charms. You’ve taught only Flying for so long now, I figured you’d enjoy a bit more chaos in your life again.”
Castiel went to Dean, catching him by his waist from behind. Dean jumped, and they both laughed. Dean turned in Castiel’s arms and stretched both hands around his neck, their middles pressed together. Without shoes they were the same height, and their noses almost touched.
The boy hesitated, then glanced at his brother. Then he put his letter into his mouth, and reached into both front pockets of his jeans to pull out some crumpled green paper and dump it on the counter. A red sphere rolled out of the paper nest and tripped off the side of the desk, bouncing onto the marble floor. It rolled all the way over to Castiel, bumping his leather shoe.
Castiel lay still for another sleepy moment, one hand over his eyes to block the bright sun. He listened to Dean in the bathroom, washing his hands clean before he used the toilet, then again after. When Dean shuffled back out of the bathroom, Castiel sat up at the side of the bed, leaning his weight over his thighs.
“Dean, there’s people watching,” Castiel whispered.
“I just wanted to be sure the house elves always washed their hands, that’s all,” Dean said with wide eyes, one hand up in surrender. “If I can protect the kids from danger, I will. And if that includes defending their food from armies of invading germs, so be it.”
Sam laughed, holding Dean’s shoulders as he pulled back. “Surprise! I got a new job.”
He didn’t reply for so long that they both forgot they were meant to be talking. They watched the stars, and they held hands.
Dean folded his arms. “Go on, then,” he challenged. (Under his breath, he added with a grin, “
Dean bit his lip, curling fists in his pockets.
“Just rule-breakers,” Castiel sighed.
“Listen, I gotta say it,” Dean declared. “You and me, Cas... we kinda made an awesome team, huh. Cooking together.”
When Sam was twelve and a second-year student, Dean was preparing to take his B.A.T. exams, so he was too busy to play games any more. Sam’s vacations would be spent playing wizard’s chess with the house elves, or charming the chairs in the classrooms to balance on top of each other.
? Badly-written crap, to top it all off! These aren’t
He stood straight and clapped his hands together. “So! I’m going to hand out some parchment. And I want you all to pull out your quills and tell me about yourself. Anything you think is important for me to know. This is your Defence class for today; no homework.”
“How did you know?” Charlie asked. “I thought I was being careful when I said—”
“Could you get me some orchid stems while you’re over there?” Castiel called.
“I only know the Muggle stories,” Dean said. “By the time Astronomy came up as a subject I could take, I’d already filled my schedule with everything else. I even took Divination.”
“What?”
Sam then pulled out a dress. It was a pretty dress, Charlie thought, something she might wear herself, perhaps to a picnic. It was a knee-length, olive green, off-the-shoulder 1950s style dress, cinched in at the waist and ruffled outward from there.
Dean hesitated, but then nodded. “Shoot.”
Those three Native women passed on from this world a long, long time before their teaching methods had spread worldwide. But they didn’t miss seeing their students become great witches and wizards of the era. Every person who graduated Jinxes had come to value something far greater than simply passing tests, or being good at something, or even having friends.
“Turn down the heat. Cook something else.”
“Yeah, but I bet anything you’re the spitting image of her,” Sam said, sinking into his chair with one elbow hooked over the back. He gave his brother a slow, disbelieving up-and-down, shaking his head in wonder.
“It won’t do anything to you, you’re not—” Castiel huffed. “It won’t affect you.”
“Oh yeah? Like how?” Dean took the refilled box from Charlie with a grateful nod.
“Uh-huh,” Dean said, forcing a smile. “Always pays to be cautious when it comes to the basics, right, Saskia?”
“Yeah,” Dean said eventually. “Potions are a neat bonus. But the rest of you is pretty rad too. Just sayin’.”
inside, Cas.” He grinned when Castiel’s erection thumped his belly of its own accord. “Does this turn you on?”
“You kind of already are, you know,” Dean mumbled.
But it hit the nearest ledge, and... stopped.
“Doggy style,” Castiel repeated. “That’s nice. I like dogs.”
“Quickly, quickly,” Mrs. Beetrie said, pulling out her own wand. “I’m not paying for damages again!”
“You hungry?” Dean asked, eyes closed, arms around Cas’ chest, swaying with him as the beat slowly rose up through their tired feet.
“Even before you did, honey,” Moseley smiled. “I sense energies – in people, in things. There’s no escaping the post-coital lovefest that’s burning off of you like a happy flame, my sweet pea. My knowing feeling is rarely wrong.”
Gertrude began, “Stimming is a repetitive movement you can do to relax—”
Dean nodded. “So long and thanks for all the fish, ma’am.”
So, after providing a smile for Sam as Sam waved, then shouted, “BYE, DEAN, WE’RE GOIIING,” Castiel started collecting bottles and lining them up on the edge of the pool table.
thought that sandwich was burnt,” Castiel replied, beckoning. “Let me try?”
It took Dean a minute of staring before he realised he was attractive.
“Let me guess,” Dean said. “At lunch today you got caught up grading your students’ potions.”
Gabriel harrumphed and folded his arms again. He watched Charlie expectantly. Nobody really thought he would leave; the Defence classroom was Gabriel’s favourite place to haunt.
“All I was going to do was ask you to share my bed,” Castiel said. “But then I asked and things got out of hand.”
“What do you want to be doing in five years?” Castiel asked, patting Dean’s shoulder. “Still teaching?”
“At least tell me what the book is.”
“I know you exactly the right amount,” Castiel countered.
But then... he started to
“Guess this is it,” Dean said, his voice quiet. His stroked his hand on the black leather of the steering wheel. It fit so perfectly in his hand. “Bye-bye, Baby.”
“For our special midnight dance,” she announced, “we have two lovely people who will undoubtedly be taking the dancefloor by storm tonight. Prince Charming and Cinderella, it’s your night. Come on up here, sweethearts.”
“Bobby Singer? From the hospital wing at Jinxes?” Charlie looked impressed.
Moved by the knowledge that the family was complete again, Castiel beamed, and he started to clap. The others joined in. Dean began to smile – and in a matter of seconds, a cheer went up from around the room. The staff at Jinxes were truly one unit, and now their youngest brother had come home to stay.
The chatter died down. Soon the huge room fell silent.
Castiel snorted, incensed by that.
Soft, motherly smells... Faded perfume, washing powder, a little dust. It was so similar to how he’d imagined his own mother’s room to be, all his life. Perhaps he’d even dreamed about this very room before.
Castiel looked up then, and Dean saw anguish in his eyes. “You’ll know,” Castiel said. “When I’ve succeeded, you’ll know what I was trying to do.”
Dean gave him a kiss and hummed a note. “Damn right you do.”
. He and Dean were supposed to take a carriage back to the bus station in Phoenix at the end of every school year, but they never did. Nobody came looking for them.
Castiel closed the door behind him and walked to the edge of the stone balcony. He lowered the shoes to the stone barrier, their transparent toes facing the moon. They clinked as they touched down. Castiel could see all the way through them to the stone below. He let go of the shoes, and he rested both hands on the barrier.
Dean smirked. “That means no. Not one breath of regret, Cas.”
Sam stood up, patting Skyking on the shoulder before retrieving his own wand from the desk. He left Skyking behind and went back to the front of the classroom, sighing as he leaned against the bigger, taller desk.
“He cheated?!”
He took off his shirt – and was surprised that he instinctively lifted it with his hands crossed on the front hem, not gripped from the back like he usually did. That was just... bizarre.
As Dean walked, he found himself smiling ever so slightly.
Some of the kids laughed, but a few of them sulked. She grinned. “Tough crowd, huh?” She clicked her cheek on her teeth. “Too bad. I’m a real joker.”
That was how they liked things.
Dean kept on chuckling, but rested the pad on the truck’s side to write his contact details down, then tore the page off and gave it to Castiel.
“Oh. Some people are that allergic, yes, but personally, no, I just avoid it. Eating it makes me irritable, and gives me brain fog and depression for days. I used to have meltdowns – um, physical, emotional outbursts? – almost daily but now... hm, once a month or less. And I’m better at calming down.”
“Making pesto.”
! We shouldn’t rely on magic for everything! We’re human; STDs still happen! The kids need to
This was the first day of their new lives together, Charlie said.
Dean had a pink flush on his cheeks when Castiel looked back.
Dean laughed and took Castiel’s hand, pulling him into the walkway of the Potions classroom, where the floating candles hastily drifted out of their path. Castiel toppled off the front dais a step behind Dean, and Dean turned in time to steady him, one hand on his waist, one still holding his hand.
“You gonna eat it or can I get that back?” the boy said, staring at Castiel.
Castiel raised an arm and waved to his audience, then carried on wading into the water.
Dean scoffed, looking at the clock. “It’s eleven. Me and Cas are probably gonna skip out on the party before midnight anyways. C’mon, you think we’d pass up the chance to get lucky on wizard prom night? Please.”
teaching that. How did your seventh-years do?”
They stared for a little longer, each saying “Goodnight,” to Professor D’Angel as he passed them on his way to bed. The ghost of a jellyfish swam along in his wake, its calm purple light receding as it followed the curve of the staircase.
tell me you weren’t gonna wear that to bed.”
pesto.”
“Talking about this is making it worse,” Castiel whispered, gripping the classroom desk. “We ought to discuss the potion. Asphodel, lavender! What else?”
“Wh... Why are you—”
Dean looked up at Cas, then threw his head back laughing.
The man darkened his gaze and turned his body away, stubbled chin soon following. He pointedly went to the nearest pie and neatened the doily it sat on, knife held aloft in his other hand.
The boy looked over, spying the ball. Castiel bent down and picked it up, examining it. He wasn’t sure what it was for. Balls were usually bouncy, but this one was too heavy. Almost like a rock.
“Last name?”
“I can make transforming potions, you mean.”
“Huh!” the wand lady said. She turned away and smiled pleasantly at a young couple with their daughter who had just entered the shop.
“Actually—” Kevin said, but six people shushed him, so he amended, “Yeah-huh that’s totally and completely factually correct and not missing
Whenever Dean turned to see how Castiel was doing, there was never anything less than a smile on his face. The light broke through the raindrops, casting grey movement over the points of his cheekbones, and there was always a shine in his eyes that would’ve been visible in absolute darkness. He seemed to glow from within. There was no need for a wand; every one of the four friends had magic at their core.
“Yeah.” Charlie pointed a pair of finger guns at Dean. “No funny business.”
“They were my best.” Castiel smiled tensely. “They were for you. I realise I should’ve called, but I kept putting it off and then it went to voicemail so I hung up. I didn’t realise there’d be... so many people.”
Dean’s knees shook, and he dragged his feet around the desk, patting around blindly for Castiel’s chair. He found the backrest, and he toppled down to sit, grasping the magazine in both hands. He stared at every word with disconcertment simmering inside him. He couldn’t breathe right, he couldn’t see past the white words printed over a purple image of a night sky.
you put that thing you were just carrying...” He smiled, glad that got a chuckle out of his audience. “And nobody likes forgetting the names of the people they meet. I gotta admit, I’m lookin’ at you all now, and I’m blanking on most of your names. There’s... heh. There’s a lot of you. Wow.”
“Yeah, but teaching high school Potions and raising babies is— Cas, those things aren’t the same.”
. He felt like he’d failed Dean. Dean had expected something of him, and Castiel hadn’t delivered. Just like he did for everyone else in his life, he’d disappointed. And this was
It was Castiel’s twelfth birthday, but he didn’t know that. His Ministry-appointed handler probably knew, but Ms. Raglan wasn’t a big talker. Records of his birth would be sealed until Castiel came of age on his seventeenth birthday.
But— But what about what
“I hate Divination! But Professor Barnes said I have the gift—”
“Jinx—” Dean hummed. “Hhh, ‘kay?”
“See ya, Sasquatch!” Dean waved after his brother, swelling with pride for him. “Ahh, look at him. Seventeen years old, Quidditch Captain. He’s all grown up.”
Castiel looked at his lips.
, Dean played scissors, and Sam played rock. Sam grinned, and dumped his overnight bag on the end of the bunny mattress.
“Cas,” Charlie said, a strain in her voice, “That’s not a good plan! In fact, that sounds like an unnecessarily stressful and emotionally frustrating plan!”
Dean caught his eyes once or twice, and each time looked just as shaken.
“They feel far away enough that they think it won’t hurt us to make up stories,” Charlie agreed. “Professor Moseley warned us about this. Teachers can’t have relationships with other teachers for exactly this reason. More fuel for the fire. More scandal, more rumours... more hurt.”
Sam was about to snarl at him, but like Charlie, he saw the tears brimming in Castiel’s eyes, and his anger drained away as quickly as it had arrived. Slowly, Sam dropped the waistcoats he held back into the drawer, and though they dangled out, he closed the drawer.
Dragon Den
in Ms. Raglan’s voice, because she gave no reply. She ducked back behind the shelves, and Castiel heard the rather hurried sound of boxes being moved and shifted and tossed aside.
Dean winced, but he smiled as he winced. Castiel huffed and bent down in front of the radio on his desk, grimacing at the horrible noises it made while he twisted and fiddled with the main knobs and all the knobs around it.
Dean watched Castiel in intrigue. “What are you doin’ with all those tomatoes, anyhow?”
“One.” Castiel smiled, nibbling Dean’s earlobe. “Keep your other hand moving.”
“And go where?” Castiel asked.
Charlie smiled wider – then the smiled faded, and she sighed, turning to look at the glistening water in the fountain. She reached to touch the surface. Cool droplets clung to her fingertips, a relieving, magical feeling.
But Castiel never had the chance to reach for the quill. Professor Moseley’s dance with Joshua was over and the hall filled with applause, louder and more intense than any applause before. Castiel and Dean had to break their hands apart to clap, and Castiel clapped hard, truly feeling the love in the room.
Dean shifted his eyes to the side, then shrugged, and he wandered off across the tatty flax carpet, trailing his trunk behind him. In a cage on top of the trunk, Dean’s little brown bat eyed Castiel, clinging to its metal bars as the trunk scooted past.
yes.”
magazine.”
. Everything I feel is
Dean wheezed. “Dude. Left. LEFT.”
“I’m... sorry I barged in on you like this,” Charlie said unsurely. “I would’ve waited but it was kinda urgent – Professor Moseley wants to see us all in her office. New Defence teacher arrived today. She wants to introduce us before the kids get here next week.”
“So that’s four or five days they’ll make the car look good,” Sam smiled.
than loud noises bothering you, or you not understanding weird Muggle phrases until I explain them. It goes deeper than all the stuff that annoys you. It’s the way you find joy, too, y’know?”
“Okay!”
Dean’s eyes dropped to the tiles underfoot. “Uh. Yeah. Just a, uh... new cologne.” He turned away, rubbing the back of his neck.
Castiel chuckled, turning his head to peer at Dean through the gloom. “Were you any good at it?”
“How can you tell if it’s going to work just by the taste?” Dean asked.
Dean ducked his head, smiling. When he looked up, he caught Castiel’s eye again. “So. Rock-paper-scissors.” He lifted a hand, and he began to explain.
Castiel blinked twice. “What would you like to do?”
Dean yanked the weight of the crate higher, leaning back. His forehead was sweaty, freckled cheeks flushed, green eyes bright, and his expression turned amused when he saw Castiel. “What d’ya want me to do, exactly?”
“What’s that for?” Castiel asked.
“Would I wanna see you again? Ah. Ha. Let me think. Uh.
“The school year’s almost over,” she stated. “You’ve been a teacher here for three entire years. That thought makes me happy for you – I can’t even believe it’s been so long. But also... I turn that back on myself, and I kinda wanna... cry.”
The room was left quiet and tidy, lit only by candles, floating about in the air and grouped in wall alcoves. The space looked similar to the way it had when Dean first met Castiel and he was given his new classroom. No precarious piles of books, no haphazard jars of bizarre ingredients, no obsessive lists of ever-so-slightly-altered processes pinned to the board that was meant to display student work.
And Dean would see him, and smile... then slowly get an erection, his sex filling up with blood until it rested thick on his belly and tented his gown...
Charlie spluttered, “Inappropriate—”
Castiel eyed him warily. “Do you believe in anything?”
“Wanna go find him?” Charlie stood up, feeling bouncy.
“No second best for my favourite people,” Charlie sang, raising her wand. With a soft laugh and a strike of power, she cried, “
“Ohh, he’s hustling,” Jody said, shaking her head. “You got
. And you have to mean it, wholeheartedly. It’s the purest, most honest kind of love, you know?” Dean reached down and picked up Saskia’s letter to Castiel. He waved it. “Genuine selflessness.”
Sam laughed, folding forward. He was exhausted, shaking, and his scruffy brown hair was pushed back in a windswept quiff. Dean ran his hand through it and messed it up, putting it back to normal. “Knew you could do it, little brother. Your first game as Captain! And you won!”
The white ball hit the others and none of them went anywhere Castiel was expecting. The balls rolled more heavily than he thought. The cue didn’t move like he wanted.
” Dean hung his head, scrubbing frantically at a dish in the hope that the sloshing sound would eclipse the song. But Castiel knew the next lines even without hearing. “
? And what if that woman was Professor of Care of Magical Creatures?”
It was only when she closed the door and waited in the hallway that she realised she’d felt something under Dean’s shirt. Something tiny and square, like a miniature buckle.
The fifth time, Castiel caught him looking. They stared, smiling.
Dean sucked in a breath. “You know, I always thought Jesus was – kinda hot.”
The moment Castiel finished donning his protective gloves, a lightly-tanned, spiky-haired lumberjack in a plaid shirt came bounding out of the crowd and hit the front of their table. The cakes wobbled.
“Regret? Are you kidding me?” Dean stroked hair back from Castiel’s forehead.
Castiel blocked out the noise, and set his cue down, getting ready to pocket that one last black ball.
a boyfriend. And now, to top it all off, I’m thinking about selling booze-free booze.”
Even the first-years who hadn’t enjoyed her playful teasing were paying attention now. Not many teachers got so personal on the first day.
Dean pulled out of the hug, meeting Charlie’s eyes questioningly.
“Yeah,” Dean said, still smirking. “Okay.” He sent a soft look in Castiel’s direction, then turned the same look on Charlie. “Anyway. You wished me ‘n Cas could be accepted and supported. I figure that’ll happen eventually, thanks to you.”
He looked up, and said, firmly, “I’ll sleep in tomorrow.”
like, Dumbledork?” Dean spat, opening his hands to glare at his brother.
Looking away from the bed, Dean turned his eyes back to Charlie and Gertrude, who were quietly discussing arrangements for the unborn baby phoenix. Dean already knew Charlie would let Gertrude keep all three birds. She’d discussed it so often with Dean.
Castiel shook his head. “I’d hoped.”
These noises were
When Dean had mastered Calming Draught, and had the satisfaction of knowing he’d helped out some stressed kids, he learned how to make the Draught of Living Death. Though it was only partially successful, Castiel urged him to move onto brewing Amortentia, Veritaserum, then a quick step back to Pepperup Potion when Castiel came down with a sniffle.
“Dean,” Castiel said, amused, “what do you imagine is not contained within a vegan and gluten free pie that makes it so lacking?”
in the middle of the night.”
, but the grip of guilt followed not long after.
Dean lowered his chin, embarrassed.
Dean chuckled. “You think I’d have a truck painted with ‘
“Are you going to propose?” Castiel asked, grinning in amusement.
Failure.
He’d never felt sexy in his life.
“Hmmmm’kay,” Dean sighed eventually. He gave Castiel’s waist one last squeeze, then dragged his feet two steps to get back to his potion.
And the next night.
“Do you like it?” Dean asked, biting his lip. He was trying to smile seductively, but he knew he was only self-conscious.
“What do you wish for?”
“But there’s a big difference, Cas. There’s a world of contrast between me taking a potion to become a woman, and you taking a potion to erase your autism.” Dean met Castiel’s eyes, imploring him to understand something Castiel did not yet understand.
Castiel surreptitiously touched his ear, tugging on his earlobe. He wasn’t sure if he felt anything, but having been assured it was calming, he supposed it would work. Placebos occasionally worked for him as well as the real thing.
“It’s nothing,” Castiel said. He pulled his hand off Dean’s wrist and held the back of his own hand instead. “You should begin your potion.”
Dean looked up. In the middle of the bleachers, three rows up, a student raised her hand. Caroline, Dean remembered.
“I don’t even enjoy watching sports, let alone playing them,” Castiel said.
“Essentials only,” Dean said, marching up and down the living room, like a sergeant giving orders to his troops. “No food in the car, no drinks, no smoking—”
“Yeah, I – heh – I made you lunch but I ate it,” Dean admitted. “Well, kind of. I ate the wedges. Heyhey, Charlie, could I get another set of wedges? Please? Pretty please? Hee. Awesome. Thanks.”
Dean wet his lips with a push of his tongue, and he gave Castiel one last kiss before he rolled upright with a groan. “Ugh. Come on. Gotta get up.”
