“Didn’t take you very long to memorize the exorcism,” Sam mutters under his breath.
, but I can tell the family’s already taken a shinin’ to you; there will always be room for you here.” The soft smile Cas returns warms Dean to the core.
“Hm.”
“To have your stubborn ass stop pouting about
The day of the launch is what Dean likes to refer to as ‘organized chaos’.
“Maybe?”
“You know I’m bad at that,” he reminds her.
dense, either: Castiel was aware of the acts involved with intimacy, even if he was unfamiliar with their routine.
It’s my turn to pick.”
“Do you believe all that?”
Dean scoffs. “Don’t be—”
What was their purpose here?
Dean lets the watch slip from his hand, dropping to the ground below him. Cas doesn’t say a word as Dean steps forward, obscuring the open watch underneath his boot as he presses into it, forcing the glass to crack and splinter until loose shards escape into the dirt. Without needing an invitation, Cas lends his own boot, holding down the lid so they could snap the watch completely in half.
“You seem troubled.”
Tilting his head, Cas studies Dean like there’s something about him that he can’t quite understand. His hair is slightly askew, half-pressed down from his helmet (which they’ve also removed along with their entire spacesuits, now that they are out of Earth’s atmosphere) and half sticking up from the lack of gravity; his lips are slightly parted, as if holding an unspoken question, and Dean only then realizes that he’s been staring.
The station is dark, and Dean is pressed up against Cas’s chest, drowning himself in the steady heartbeat. A hand drifts up to stroke Dean’s hair.
business.
with Crowley, he doesn’t see much of the Russian side, and since Cas is technically stationed over there during the day and is a bit of a workaholic (Dean admittedly has his moments, but not quite as extreme as his copilot), Dean finds him constantly hoping to see Cas wherever he goes. If he doesn’t seem busy, Dean will try to convince him to watch a movie with him and the other Americans, and if he’s already eating, then Dean will sit beside him and ask him about his meal. Dean’s entrance always seems to startle Cas out of thought, but he never shows any irritation — in fact, when he denies Dean’s request for a movie in favour of wrapping up some work, he sounds genuinely apologetic.
He knew the name scrawled in the hotel check-in book was false — most of them were. Nonetheless, though there was no way for him to know its sound, a name sat upon his parched tongue, hovering like a droplet of water from an empty canteen.
Missouri gives him a look, and his laughter tapers off. “I… maybe.”
“We’ve played chess,” he said, embracing his demise, “so may I appease your needs in addressing the rest of your pleasures?”
he bites back. For a moment, it looks like the drunk is reaching for persuasion, and Dean is all at once vividly aware of his own pistol at his side, to which his hand unconsciously flies. He’s not even bothered about the danger of starting a bar fight, all too aware he can beef the man with his eyes closed. “I
, he reads Dean’s mind. “You… maintain a false presumption: I am being wholeheartedly honest when I say there has been no one else like you. All of my life, I’ve only been concerned with running away and moving on, staying at my brother’s side as we watched history pass us by; I still don’t know what drew me to you in that prairie fire, but somehow, you’ve changed my life. Being mortal, all of yours, you cannot understand, but… you gave me a future I never thought I could have.
“My mistake,” Crowley drawled, not sounding apologetic in the least.
“You weren’t awake for breakfast, and you weren’t there for the lunch or dinner gatherings either.”
Dean misses Castiel’s flight into Houston over the weekend: he had stopped by the office to double check some engineering solutions for the ISS’s CO2 ventilation system.
Castiel’s free hand flew up to cover his mouth as he pressed against the door to hold himself up. Castiel’s grip in Dean’s hair had accidentally tightened at the sensation, but since the hum of satisfaction in response buzzed pleasantly against Castiel’s skin, he allowed his grip to maintain its hold when it was most needed.
Sam is propped up against a large boulder, using the firelight to read the textbook in his hands; his meal is by his side, half-forgotten. Dean sits on his other side, digging into his own meal.
Work had been unusually slow, or perhaps Castiel was simply more restless than usual. A phantom itch bore into his collar, at which he rubbed away without a second thought. The railroad was finally reaching Heaven, and then they wouldn’t be so isolated anymore, then Castiel wouldn’t have so much leisure time. (Though, at this point, Castiel considered the fact that he’d prefer a heavy workload — anything to keep his mind off…
“You two are disgusting,” Charlie claims, capturing one of Dean’s knights.
Hey yall!! Yes, I've actually posted spn again (and I plan to continue too!!), and this time for the DCRB! I was paired with the wonderful vulfmert, who was an absolute pleasure to work with, and I really hope I've done her AU justice! She brought a lot of these ideas to the table and I got to weave them together comprehensively, and I'm actually extremely lucky to have been chosen for her piece, as I've been wanting to do a space AU for a while now (and I hope I did enough research, even if some things just miiiiight be a little stretch lol). It's been a while since I've written a story like this—being plot-light—but it was very fun to work with.
Cas is more than just… he’s more than just
,” he says, throwing a hand in the air. “I thought you listened to my advice before the raid — hell, I
“So,” she says, peeking her head in through the hatch after Dean. “Bring anything fun up with you?”
“Wait.”
On a typical workday, their schedule is as follows:
“No way, José: it’s Dean’s first night, so he gets to choose.”
Castiel still didn’t know what Dean’s purpose in Heaven was. Somehow, for some reason, Castiel had been drawn to this man, and now that he had him all to himself, he wasn’t exactly sure where he was supposed to go from there.
“No, that’s not what I’m saying,” Cas hums, thinking. “His
Fingers twitching for a glass that wasn’t there anymore, Castiel gulped. This close, he could spot freckles scattered like constellations across Dean’s face, how his lips curled up into a grin, and how his eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks. Dean pulled back slightly, still hovering on his toes.
“I’m serious, Dean,” Benny says. “Stop throwing me a pity party and go meet the guy. Gotta see what kind of mental preparation you’ll need in the next month.”
From the corner of an open window, an eye—vibrantly blue in the dizzying sunlight—blinked away the blindness and peered out, scanning the street for any disturbances. Upon locating the newcomer, his brow furrowed.
“You’ve said it yourself, that he’s more myth than man.”
They stand there in silence for a while, giving Dean time to recollect himself, and in the process, almost forgetting that he isn’t alone. Because when Padre does speak again, it almost startles Dean.
Again, Dean is startled, and finds the priest staring at the chapel once again. Nevertheless, he’s grateful for the distraction.
“Well, I hardly know what that
The last entry in the log was in a hurried scrawl but matched the name nonetheless.
Outside, the cool air that hit their skin was refreshing, the firewater in their systems making everything fuzzy around the edges. The overcast sky shrouded most of the town in darkness, and Dean was rendered to an outline of a shadow in Castiel’s eyes — they, in a sense, became somewhat of a secret to the town like that, silent except for the crunch of their footsteps against the gravel and the soft sound of their breaths. If anything, Castiel only buzzed with more excitement, heart thumping loudly in his chest.
” he hisses.
Offering his most charming grin, he takes the man’s hand, shaking it firmly. “The pleasure was all mine.” He winks before patting the pocket where his gamble win is stowed away. The man shakes his head disbelievingly, already walking away with a hand up in a half-hearted wave.
After their meal is devoured and everything is cleaned up, they set up the movie and watch it together (with the exception of Crowley, who seemed to have something else to finish). Dean, Charlie, and Ash quote lines at each other along with the characters. He occasionally turns to Cas—who’s sitting by his side—to see if he’s enjoying the movie, and on the odd occasion that Cas is not staring at the screen with a furrowed brow, Dean thinks he just
, the stampede startles and turns fully north. Though it’s nowhere near finished, Dean’s confidence swells slightly at the realization that he’s got this under control, that this is something they can still handle without casualties. He’s only dealt with a few stampedes before in his lifetime, but keeping the herd running in circles is only possible with all hands on deck.
Dean hesitates, opening and closing his mouth. Then, he shakes his head. “Do you think…?”
of approval would be something more like… a senseless but elaborate prank.”
“It means that expression you make when you’re figuring something out is really cute.”
With the resigned and almost ridiculing tone, Castiel was aware that Dean was implying an entirely different concern, but he knew better than to ask. So, instead, he held his hand out, beckoning for Dean’s bottle. Dean looked incredulous, brows furrowed and expression disbelieving, almost pulling the bottle closer to himself. Castiel held his stare nonetheless.
s and bittersweet murmurs they didn’t dare say aloud, in denial of anything remaining mutual.
Refusing to respond, Castiel settled with glaring at the bar dog. At least he remembered one of the reasons as to why he never frequented the saloon in the first place.
, Dean. For letting him come along.”
forgot, I’m so sorry, I should’ve at least called or something, but it slipped my mind, and—” Dean says in one breath before cutting himself off, stopping himself from rambling too incomprehensibly. Cas, who is probably trying to piece together the jumbled string of words Dean had just thrown at him through the phone, doesn’t say a word, and that silence is more suffocating than the dial tone from seconds before.
At long last, the cattle have tired themselves out, and the remaining thunder is nothing but a rumble in the distance. Dean is too buzzed to sing or even whistle, but his shoulders sag the instant he hears the melancholy notes from Rufus’s old harmonica.
One week, Dean finds a tennis net as well as tiny tennis racquets, extra ping pong paddles, and a tennis ball. Charlie and Ash immediately agree to play, so Dean finds Cas and asks if he wants to play with them. Cas denies, cautioning that it’s probably a bad idea with so much expensive equipment around. Dean starts begging. Cas caves, and Dean fist pumps in triumph.
supposed to know if there was anything actually going on between them? “I don’t know.”
“I mean,” Dean flounders, daring to stare Missouri in the eye for a solid four seconds before letting his gaze flicker back up to the ceiling. “It’s not like he’s a bad person or anything. Sure, he’s a bit of an awkward person, but I know what I’ve done to make him—“
Nonetheless, Cas is a silent guy—which Dean can respect—and doesn’t do much to encourage conversation, so instead of talking air, Dean resorts to his habitual whistling and singing, running through each tune if only to keep the words fresh in his memory. Every so often, when he glances to the side, he’ll catch Cas’s eyes darting away from him, and the mere implication makes Dean grin. Though, with the number of times he ends up checking to see if he’s being watched (it almost becomes somewhat of a little game between them, if unconscious), he’d be a hypocrite to deny really taking the time to drink in the image of his companion: how the brim of his hat case drapes shade over his face, how his tan duster flutters around his thighs with the momentum of the ride, how he treats his borrowed horse with gentle guidance.
he’s awake.
And it’s not just their time together that Dean finds himself slacking in his restraint: when he takes a breather during the day, leaning against the water barrel with a half-filled canteen in his grasp, his gaze wanders to watch Cas work, mindlessly repeating the same motions they have been for the past few weeks. He’s not entirely sure what makes him so curious about the ease in which Cas pushes himself through the job, but here he is, entranced by every flex of Cas’s forearm as he heaves the slat from the ground, visible only because his sleeves are pushed up to his elbows. When the wooden slat is placed onto the ground, Cas straightens, searching for the driest section of his shirt to lift up and wipe his forehead, flashing the skin of his abdomen in the process to which Dean is unfortunately drawn. He manages to catch sight of a fading scar on his side before Cas is staring back, tilting his head in his bird-like manner, wordlessly asking how long Dean is going to take a break.
Cas is playing absently with his fingers, and Dean wonders for a moment if it’s a human tic he’s picked up from Dean. “I… honestly didn’t think this far ahead. I thought…”
“What was he doin’ ‘round here?”
Cas rides on a borrowed horse, saying that his own had been left at the camp. She’s a pretty thing, but definitely lazier than Impala, used to scouting with supervisors rather than full-day trips.
“For all the times you’ve heard of my woes and debts to pay,” Dean says when he locates Cas sitting by himself, away from the crowd, and collapses onto his own rump, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard yours.”
. As fast as Dean can cut dirt, with how quick the stampede was turning, he doubts he can get to the campgrounds in time.
The rhythmic beeping of Benny’s heart monitor fills the room. Outside, the constant bustle of nurses and patients up and down the hallway fades in and out of a drone. Dean watches the monitor beside the IV count Benny’s heartbeats, the little green numbers flickering between sixty and sixty-two.
His free hand trails up along his body, lifting his undershirt from his chest as it lightly brushes against responsive skin. There’s little heat that lingers from the daytime, and Dean is facing in just the right direction for the breeze to softly caress where he’s exposed, and with his fingers, he can feel how his nipples perk at the sensation. He lets his fingers linger there, pulling and twisting and playing with the nub in time with his strokes.
Dean shakes his head, but doesn’t say anything right away — he’s not completely sure of his own thoughts. He brings his other hand up to his mouth, playing with his lip as he thinks.
With that piece of context, everything slides into place, making infinitely more sense, but it still strikes him as odd, how the song itself predicted the future. (Then again, maybe there is more than just one Missouri Moseley in the world, touching upon magics Dean has never considered before).
“Feel free to sample anything from my rations,” Cas adds as he pushes away from the table and back to the galley.
“Just read the damn demon manuals Dad gave us: why waste your time with
Weekends are also host to various tournaments any crewmember crafts up. Since someone a mission or two ago brought up a velcroed chess board, there’s always at least one game that occurs per week. Crowley remains the crowned champion for two weeks (much to Cas’s frustration) until Charlie relents and finally plays with someone other than Dean. She checkmates Crowley in an hour.
One time, when Dean returns from the stables with the full intention to take over nurse duty for the next shift (he still has an obligation to mend the damage done by his hands), he pauses in the hallway just outside the door, hearing two voices conversing from within.
“Nice try, but if you
But now? At this very moment, with their opposing force greater than that of Earth’s gravity, Dean isn’t falling: he’s
and the referenced one on Youtube
About halfway into Dean’s stay, a solar flare hits the ISS. It’s in the middle of the night, and they only get a few minutes’ notice.
“The few times I’ve heard it repeated, it’s been romanticized, but… I think he lost family. Someone close to him.” She blinks, turning back to the brothers with a feeble grin. “I mean, why else would he be the righteous protector of the desert? It’s like what you said when you first told me about him, Dean: he must have
Shrugging, Dean laughs breathily. “Benny’s always telling me to stop feeling guilty about it, that it’s not my fault.” Unable to resist, Dean turns his head to face Cas. “And plus, I wouldn’t have been able to meet you.”
Clearing his throat, he shakes his head, shaking himself from the weird state of mind he had let himself fall into. Jessie merely shrugs, raising his eyebrows and pressing his lips together as if to say that Dean’s missing out, before turning back to laugh at something Pepe said.
Barely rounding the herd and siding beside Joe, he pulls back the hammer of his own pistol and shoots another blank, diverting the cattle northeastwards.
Within the next week, Dean will have to start Benny’s experiment and hatch the goldfish eggs. His stomach drops at the reminder that Benny isn’t with him, sleeping in the pod across from him and helping him unpack the ship, but… when he thinks of Cas,
“Useless without a pistol,” Dean shouts over the cacophony, barely discernible despite the fact he’s right next to the boy. “Go find a spare in the wagon.” Joe nods, immediately taking off in the opposite direction the cattle are heading towards.
Cas to do exactly that. But he hasn’t. It’s like the fact that Dean isn’t good for him finally got hammered into his head, like he finally understood just
Joe isn’t actually an orphan like Charlie or some of the other cowboys they get through the ranch: his sob story went something like his Pa had married twice, and his new Ma whipped him every day or two, so he saddled up on his old Texas pony and rode up to Kansas for work. Bobby took easy pity on him, teaching him how to wrangle horses and herd cattle for the next upcoming drive. He’s a hard worder, Dean’ll give him that, but he deserves the rest of his childhood.
Dean can’t tell if it’s the newfound weightlessness in their cabin or some strange, unknown emotion that makes his heart swell with his breath. Tearing his gaze away from the living, breathing sun, a star filled with so much beauty and life that Dean wants to melt in his mere presence, he stares down at the palm of his hand, at the thick, white glove that shields his skin. Curling his fingers into a fist, he squeezes his hand so he can feel the fabric shift under his force.
” he ends up calling out, rushing to the door to get the attention of anyone who would know what to do and have what Cas will need. “Gabe?
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean can see that Cas is looking at him. “... I was the replacement for your friend.”
Dean’s eyes widen. “Oh,
I still welcome here?”
“If you wanna put the blame on someone, then put the blame on
Dean is not entirely sure if he’d like his story written down: on paper, it would feel… permanent, and out of his control, once set free into the world on ink. Then again…
for one man to roam.”
Dean and Charlie get through half of the experiments by dinnertime, which is more than enough considering their efforts were solely to have something with which they could busy themselves. Their meal—or rather,
On the screen, slightly delayed by the distance between the two callers, Blondie
Fun reminder that the last scene was
Upon finding that Cas isn’t familiar with any of the classics, Dean adjusts his lunch playlist and sings along even to the guitar solos, reveling in each smile it draws out of Cas. Cas, on the other hand, takes it upon himself to explain why the great Russian composers of the nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries were so magnificent; Dean gives him all of his attention… even if it’s mostly focused on the sound of Cas’s voice rather than what he’s actually saying.
“I know. But you’re the auger of this drive: we need you back to… to assess any damages.”
“You think I’m going to exile you.” Castiel moved a bishop out of danger from being captured by a queen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel sat frozen in his seat despite the sudden burst of flames in his chest.
to be with you.”
Either way, they breathe in tandem, like one pilot, like one living, breathing ship.
Charlie tries to distract him with idle chatter, not expecting him to say anything in return. He offers her one weak smile, but he knows it doesn’t reach his eyes. When she tries to coerce him into having breakfast, he pushes it away, finally accepting only a few sips of water before she gives up.
Cas grumbles. Dean reaches out to catch his shirt and slow him down, preventing him from getting too far away.
Dean likes it out here. The world offers him only the sky and the prairie, rolling for endless acres into the heavens… Dean knows it all like the back of his hand: he grew up here, after all. It’s familiar enough territory that it’s somewhere he calls home. (Even with how far he’s traveled, it’s a place to which he always longs to return). That’s why he’s happy: tending cattle on his beloved mare and saving people from the supernatural for the rest of his days with his beloved by his side, Dean Winchester is in apple pie order.
“I…” Dean starts, but he doesn’t have an answer. Hell, he’d only
in Heaven right now,” he confirmed, “but I don’t think you’re dead.” He eyed Dean’s bloodshot eyes and rumpled hair.
“Dominant white Arabian, was my best guess,” Dean says. “Taller than your usual Arabian, though.”
Dean’s not really going to protest. “Thanks, Padre.” He turns away to continue watching the repairmen not doing a very diligent job at being productive.
Eyes closed as he focused on his task, Dean continued with his ministrations using only his mouth, pulling Castiel’s pulse toward him. Every satisfied hum from the back of Castiel’s throat only seemed to encourage Dean. When Dean looked up at him and sucked at the skin through the fabric there, the back of Castiel’s head hit the door with a groan.
he mutters as the camera turns on, the lens slowly pushing itself out. Cas looks like he’s never seen a camera in his life.
Void of all emotion, Dean dismounts, sliding down into the ditch. Both are cold to the touch, soaked from the rain of last night. He pats Old Blue’s rump, murmuring a few short prayers for the creature. It takes some effort, but he heaves the old horse out of the way, pulling Joe from the wreckage. The kid’s eyes remain half-open and glassy, so Dean moves to shut them first and foremost, a promise that he’ll at least find rest in death.
Dean shuts his eyes and sighs, leaning into the warmth.
Then, without a word, Cas turns away with a small smile on his face.
Dean draws the short straw for the night shift that night. It’s not the night shift he minds — in fact, he quite enjoys the space it gives him, the peace of mind. No, it’s the fact that Little Joe had to go and draw the other straw.
This close, the heatwaves couldn’t warp the oasis, couldn’t let Castiel know where reality ended and a dream began. He watched as the stranger reached out, breaching that barrier with the tip of a finger to meet with Castiel’s chest. Castiel’s heart leapt at the contact, beating against its cage as if magnetized to the other’s touch.
“Unfortunately.”
,” Cas grumbles, reaching out and grasping for something as he squeezes his eyes shut and whimpers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s eyes narrowed.
Though Dean misses how the sky is painted with the first colors of dawn, he lets the fire die away as more light filters over the horizon, casting a shine over the still-damp desert. When there’s only a few embers left in the firepit and Dean can see each of the cowhands sleeping with perfect clarity, he rises, drifting like a lost phantom to his horse. Impala seems to be in good enough spirits for having just been woken up, but Dean doesn’t even bother saddling her up, swinging up bareback before ushering her to the bed ground.
She works with Roscosmos, currently studying the muscle degradation of annelids in space. When Dean jokes about her non-Russian sounding name, she laughs and says that she married an American in fluent English.
Holding a hand up, Missouri cuts off Dean’s tirade. “Have you ever considered that he thinks you’re the one purposefully avoiding him?”
so slowly—Dean let himself be filled until he was bottomed out. His head was lolled back and eyes shut as he got used to the sensation, and Castiel’s hands gripped bruises into Dean’s hips as he forced himself to remain steady.
Though it’s only a small sound, Dean startles, snapping the watch shut and stuffing it back into his pocket. He peers at Cas, wondering if it’s just another restless dream, but Cas’s face is morphing in discomfort, and he’s shaking his head from side to side as he begins to thrash. Dean’s up on his feet in a second, frozen for a moment as his mind buffers.
On his laptop, the photos window pops up, and, hesitating briefly, Dean opens the first image that had been captured. Magnified on his screen is the image of Cas’s ruffled expression, peering through the lens in question with a window out to the abyss just over his shoulder. While he feels embarrassed to be looking at a photo he captured himself, like someone will appear behind his shoulder and start reading his mind, he can’t stop staring, mentally tracing every shadow and every line with his eyes, memorizing every pixel.
… All I’ve had before were little flings, here and there, at the
“Well, I’m not gonna decide for you,” Dean says, getting to his feet. “Talk it over with Gabe,
With the harshness of the winds and the lightning crackling through the sky, there’s luckily quite a bit of rain the sky has to offer; while the ground becomes slick and Dean watches as Impala’s hoof occasionally slips before she regains her footing, the heavy rain at least diminishes the chance of another prairie fire.
“I’m not hungry.”
Every line in Cas’s features is weaved with pain, an agony that transcends even his unconscious state. He’s breathing—which is more than a relief—and his heart beats at a steady rate under Dean’s palm, but his skin is hot, and his hair slick with sweat; Dean reaches out to brush back a few strands that stick to Cas’s forehead.
He’s well on his way to the cowhand’s dwelling, pastry in his hand, when Dean finally processes his mother’s request. Something tentative curls unpleasantly in his gut, but he continues on with determination.
—and asked if I could pick him up, and, jesus, I
As he arches into the feeling, leaning in and letting his lips be caught by Cas’s, Dean feels fingers trace up his arm, barely dusting over the raised mark of a handprint branded onto his shoulder. Knowing it’s Cas, knowing Cas is all that surrounds him, Dean’s sensitivity is only heightened. The hand slots itself over the mark like a puzzle piece sliding into its place, and Dean
With everything finally stowed away or secured in their belongings, Dean is also the one to pull himself into the ISS first, directly into the arms of Meg Masters.
“Yeah, but… they make even less sense: kinda sound like balderdash.”
the entire fic kinda stemmed from the blazing saddles inspiration. i know.
Dean’s stomach drops.
Dean, of course, learned to sing. While he
It was Dean who pushed himself back and away from their accidental embrace, dropping down heavily onto the bench there against the wall. Castiel blinked when he realized Dean wasn’t looking at him anymore, instead rummaging around for a half-empty bottle underneath the lower cot.
The window was open very slightly on the other side of the room, allowing cool night air to trickle in along with the moonlight. It should have made the room cold, should’ve raised hairs on the back of Castiel’s neck, but shivers ran up and down his spine for very different reasons, reasons that made his skin burn, made him melt inside, made his chest heave for air. When that heat freed him to the frigid air and wrapped him in warmth with pretty, kissed-pink lips, Castiel finally understood what he had been seeking within the suffocating heat all day.
As much as he would have liked to get to know Cas better over the past week, things only became more hectic as the date of the launch neared, and their conversations were generally restricted to work-related matters only. From a professional standpoint, they worked together fine — efficiently, even. Cas’s formal and stoic attitude actually helps Dean settle into his own focused state, and—apart from the social issues Dean had encountered before—there is never any issue with their communication either. If anything, when left to their own devices, Dean and Cas fall into an easy rhythm as they work, wordlessly understanding silent cues as they divvy up tasks.
,” Cas insists, and at least it silences his stubborn companion. “Whatever you think you’ve done… it’s in the past. I don’t remember, because you’ve already been long forgiven — what I
Unsure of if there’s something else he’s supposed to be saying, or if he should just leave now, Dean puts all his weight on one foot, debating on turning tail and fleeing three ways from Sunday. He’s about to leave, moving to take a step, but Cas stops him.
Does Dean need a reason? He’s entranced by the way Cas’s hands hover over the keyboard, how his fingers are poised over their last letters and how his veins run like rivers beneath his skin. He’s entranced with the way his eyes squint in concentration at the screen, how his lips curl into a pout as he tries to process what he’s reading.
“Castiel,” he said decisively, placing his glass down.
“You love me for it.”
Charlie looks surprised. “You don’t know it?”
,” she moves along, “sings it a lot.”
You’re supposed to be healing, getting your strength back, and I
When he asks outright, the understanding sets in, and Cas’s face falls — it’s like the booze in Dean’s system makes him cocky enough to demand some past trauma that Cas is now reliving, served up to him on a silver platter like some sort of payment. His heart sinks.
experiment.”
“No! No, I—”
what just went through Dean’s head. “That is only the worst-case scenario. From where you stand now, you should still be fine… though, it may be in your benefit to focus on separating Castiel from you emotional attachment to Benny.”
Cas’s eyes absolutely shine in the firelight, casting a warm, glowing feeling that floods across Dean’s senses. He leans into the moment, grasping for new ideas to make Cas laugh, holding onto the addictive sensation it brings him in return.
curiosity—after his little environment training session in the Vomit Comet (the
“A little help?”
“Point is,” Sam continues, voice gentler, “we see the way you look at each other—hell, you didn’t leave his bedside for
Smiling fondly, he tilts his head back far enough that his hat slips off, watching Cas approach and dust his fingers over Dean’s shoulders.
“If you were sorry, you’d let
“Try me.”
bad,” Garth says when the meeting is over. “And you know, Benny made sure that I’d let him tell you the news first.”
his poncho is white. Cas is the man that was so devastated over the presumed death of his brother that he dedicated the rest of his life to avenging the loss, uncaring of his unrightful infamy while he protects humanity from the shadows.
… that’s my brother.”
Cas continues.
For a moment or two, they stand there in each other’s embrace, content to listen as their breaths sync. Once Dean finally calms, he laughs softly under his breath.
At first, there’s a bit of time before the next pistol shot is heard, with the cattle stampeding south where the lagging cowboys have yet to cover. After that, they gain somewhat of a rhythm, with gunshots being passed around the circling beeves, only interrupted by the occasional (and now fading) thunder that disrupts the control very slightly. It feels like forever before the gunshots are scattered, the cattle growing weary in their frenzy, and the remaining trickle of raindrops begin to ebb away. Dean works well under the panic, his eyes alight and drinking in everything before him like a predator. He moves swiftly and silently, monitoring the calming cattle with the ease he uses to clean his guns.
“Hey, uh,” Dean clears his throat, “congrats, man.”
He looks so incredibly domestic in comparison to the window behind him, letting in light despite being so completely empty.
For a town supposedly so chaste and devout, the saloon was already filled with drunken laughter. Castiel huffed as someone stumbled back into him. The cluster of warm bodies and warmly glowing kerosene lamps was enough to make the atmosphere stuffy and reminiscent of the heat from earlier in the afternoon. As he scanned the room for the stranger, Castiel’s gaze lingered on a game of faro; one of the players had their hand hovering over their persuasion, and Castiel was suddenly vividly aware of his own revolver that rested against his thigh. Forcing his attention away, Castiel made his way over to the bar.
“What the
Dean was never really the early-bird-gets-the-worm kind of person; the only reason he can get up is because he’s aware that he’s being held accountable to perform critical tasks and uphold his duty as a fellow astronaut… as well as the fact that he has some wiggle room to wake up and kickstart his brain. (
When Dean still doesn’t answer, Sam gets up, knees popping, and heads back to the camp. Dean reaches for another swig of his firewater, frustrated at how it barely burns anymore as it trickles down his throat. He ends up standing a few minutes later, heading over to the weakening fire.
The stairs down to the main floor of the building are a bit of an obstacle to get down, and even with his poncho the breeze is biting, but after so much burning, the fresh air is welcomed. Dean shuffles across the yard, making his way over to the chapel where repairmen laugh loudly as they work.
“Hey, Cas, have you ever watched any Indiana Jones?”
he replied. Not a question yet not quite an accusation, his words were hardly discernible over the rumble in his voice, kept soft to avoid breaking the spell between them.
will just be one other stranger.”
But it was just a fling,
far up your ass.”
“Talk to me.”
“Still doesn’t explain that last line. ‘
At first, Dean doesn’t remember the promise, going about his morning business to prepare for a day of review. Then, half an hour before he’s due to leave, he gets a call from his brother.
is, but…” Dean exhales slowly, centering himself, “I care about you, more than you could ever imagine. I…” he laughs when he realizes how stupid he’s been, “I’ve been avoiding you because I thought you’d do better without me, and even though it hurt so bad, I kept tellin’ myself it was for your own good.”
Because he’s been floating through an opium-induced haze for the past while, he’s not entirely sure how much time has passed, but it’s the middle of the night when he drifts to consciousness, more aware than he has been in a long time. Dean stays in bed, not entirely sure if he’ll drift back to sleep, but because of how long he’s been out, it never comes.
up there above the entire world.”
When the call is ended and Dean is left staring at his blank phone screen, he’s crushed by an unreasonably heavy sense of disappointment, leaving his meal to be forgotten on the stove for the rest of the night.
The next while passes in somewhat of a blur, alternating between the times Castiel is awake and the times… he isn’t. When he is awake, at first, he’s still half-delirious, and most of his time spent conscious is used to get some food and water into his system.
Cas’s head whips back forward, eyes focused resolutely on his screen. “That- I-” The rosy flush dusting his cheeks endearing, only egging Dean on. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“Look: I may not understand whatever the hell
He’s in pain, of course, the burns inside of him and the scars left behind by Alastair, but that’s not what hurts him. Dean gulps.
“Oh, shit,” he stammers, ready to try and take it back, “I didn’t mean— You don’t have to…”
The situation only persists when Cas starts monitoring Dean’s exercise sessions: Dean can pinpoint the moment Cas realizes that Dean’s resting and elevated heart rate are oddly similar. He takes Dean’s blood pressure again and again to make sure, and Dean, strapped to the treadmill via bungee cords so that he doesn’t float away, can hardly concentrate on running with Cas’s inquisitive eyes on him the entire time.
“It’s no sweat,” Dean assures him, squeezing the fabric that’s still in his grasp.
Before Cas starts monitoring their exercise periods, he gives them each a preliminary checkup, recording their resting heart rates and blood pressure as well as their blood oxygen levels. Dean doesn’t know
Throwing his phone down onto the hospital bed, he stretches and avoids Benny’s curious gaze and eyebrow lift.
’ the best, by now. Even when I didn’t know you so well, have been through both life and death with you, I’ve always told you that you deserve more than you believe, and I believe this now more than ever.”
It’s that comparison that forces Dean to remember that they’re isolated: two, tiny beings, hurtling through space with not another living breath for almost two hundred kilometers in any direction.
“So… now what? Gonna call him with your finger twirled in the phone cord and plan your first date?”
. “And that night? Before Alastair? Was
Gently—ever so gently—Dean leans forward, pausing and hovering above before he squeezes his eyes shut (willing himself to swallow that damn emotion) and presses his lips to Cas’s forehead, lingering there as he melts into the touch.
Castiel crossed his arms to regain some of his composure. “We
Pausing for breath as he temporarily runs out of words, Dean’s thoughts come to a halt when he becomes distinctly aware of his friend’s silence on the other side of the line. He internally cringes as he remembers everything that he’s said.
Dean didn’t find out why Cas seems icier around Crowley until that next Sunday when he shuts one of the food units with a little too much force. Charlie and Dean—who are playing chess on the main table in Unity—turn around in surprise. Cas’s expression is best described as stormy, which only becomes more accurate when you consider that the best the astronaut can do is float grumpily across the commons.
Every cowboy has their own method of keeping the sleeping beeves calm, lulling them and letting them grow accustomed to noise so that something as simple as dismounting a horse won’t startle them and cause them to stampede. Rufus always brings out his old blues harmonica, and many of the cowboys that can’t sing will usually just whistle.
Another flash of lightning illuminates the plain, and Dean feels a brief wave of relief wash over him as he sees Little Joe up ahead on Old Blue Rocket, waving his arms and hollering in a meager effort to herd the stampede.
All throughout the meeting, Dean pouts, keeping his arms crossed over his chest as he slouches in his chair. Technically, he’s listening—he’s responded with affirmatives and negatives about all the little details regarding Benny—but some stubborn part of his brain refuses to take in anything about his new companion… which he has, by the way. Despite such short notice. Someone who’s been up a few times and only needs the month to get back in shape.
Because Dean’s laughing fit caused him to start drifting away from where he was stationed, Cas reaches out without looking and gently tugs him back. “You need to act more professional.”
Sam murmurs when they arrive, shifting in his seat and reaching underneath himself. Extracting Dean’s phone, he takes one glance at the screen before tossing it back to his brother. “Looks like you’re popular.”
“I still hear it around,” Dean hums. The White Bandit’s legend still thrives as a wives’ tale, and every once in a while they’ll hear of a new sighting, which becomes somewhat of an inside joke between the two, as they are some of the few that are actually aware of the Bandit’s demise.
“Dean, I’m serious. You won’t find anything in the dark like this. We can’t have you drown yourself for nothin’,” he jokes weakly, but it flies over Dean’s head.
“The lord works in mysterious ways,” Benny drawls. “Better watch out, or Blondie will have moved in with me by the time you get back.”
“I mean, we have the song,” Charlie hums. “Jo—”
With his meal in hand, a roll dunked into the warm liquid, Dean sets out to find his brother on the other side of the campfire. On the opposite side of the fire from the bed ground, Dean can hear the Mexicans’ loud chatter, already well into their gut warmer.
“Fine, fine,” she relents. Though she doesn’t put any actual effort into singing, her voice cadences with the words, as if pulling the lyrics from their melody still leaves threads of musicality behind:
Castiel’s flight had come in late, too. Garth—who had gone to the airport to pick up Castiel —shoots Dean a text as he’s checking the time: there’s an admittedly blurry photo attached of a man with scruffy dark chocolate-brown hair (almost black in this lighting) and a tan overcoat, bustling toward the photographer. (When he selects the image and zooms in on the man’s face, Dean is amused to find the subject doesn’t entirely fail to resemble a disgruntled bird with its wings ruffled).
Dean recognizes the voice immediately.
Dean’s mind is blank. He barely processes what his friend is saying. “... How long?”
.” Dean sighs, hearing Sam’, Charlie’, and Bobby’s chiding voices. “I never shoulda let him on that cattle run.” He bites the inside of his cheek, reining himself in. “And Cas? He’s—
When Castiel glanced out the window again, the stranger was gone, but his horse was still tied to the post where he’d left it.
, and… well… the future is not as promising.
“Try anyway,” she says in return.
Though the hesitancy was masked by his usual confidence, the discrepancy in Dean’s voice was enough to catch Castiel’s attention. Even if slightly, his nails curled into the wood of the table.
Blue is every colour of the sky, rich and pure. Higher and higher into the atmosphere—away from Earth—they climb, and with it, that colour shifts, not deeper but merely darker,
Dean pouts. “Going with— Benny, they’re
, Cas,
Castiel didn’t move for a moment, staring back down at the pretty green eyes that stood out in contrast to their bloodshot state. Dean’s cheeks were growing redder under the rough stubble that left him looking further disheveled due to remaining upside-down. It was as if he were radiating heat, glowing, burning brighter than the sun, and Castiel could feel it like the flame of a match inching closer toward his fingertip.
his mind idly wanders, drifting independently from the rhythm into which he has physically fallen.
Mission control takes the photo from the camera they’re using to livestream the event; they have to take two, in fact, as Dean isn’t looking at the lens in the first picture.
“You good?” Dean asks. Cas’s intimidating gaze is turned onto him, and he swears he feels a shiver run up his spine.
“You’re lucky you get to play the
stay in motion without friction, after all — even if there are important buttons all over the walls).
Castiel told himself, reminding himself of his drink. He reached for it with surprising effort—ensuring that his hands remained steady—and focused on the whiskey in a futile attempt to clear his head. His cheeks were radiating heat, most likely reflecting the pretty pink dusted across Dean’s face. When he set his glass back down, Castiel rolled up his sleeves.
(If Castiel let the rim linger at his lips, wet his mouth with lukewarm water and run his tongue along the inside—all in the feeble hope to recall a taste behind whiskey-stained lips—then he would try to convince himself otherwise.)
ripped from his being and destroyed.
voice that seemed to be Dean’s breaking point, and he couldn’t do anything but watch in awe as the handsome stranger rode out his orgasm on top of Castiel.
“I think that’s
With a sharp inhale, Castiel stepped back into the shadows.
the occasion that he’d accidentally modify phrases in forgetting the original words (he was by no means a poet — rare was the time he’d create his own work), but the collection of melodies that are stowed away in his head is relatively impressive.
3.  Lunch Break at 13:05.
… you name it). Benny, who’s sitting up in his bed now, has his arms crossed.
Cas tilts his head. “You’re not busy with other projects?”
The chips clatter into the betting pool, drowned in the din of the saloon. Dean’s gaze flickers to one of his fellow cowhands—whose brash voice fights other drunkards in suggesting the next song for the poor chap at the piano—before settling back on the old belvidere in front of him. His companion bites at the tobacco pipe in his mouth, staring intensely at the pool.
want to know,” she smirks, “I’m more of the
.” Castiel is so steady compared to Dean that he gulps, attempting to compose himself. “Based on what we’ve been through together, I would have thought I’d known what you are ‘
Turning it over, Dean takes a long look at the carvings in the metal, memorized to the touch. When he nudges the lid open, the clock face is stopped at noon, split down the middle with a crack in its glass.
Most of the time, Dean is conducting experiments from scientists down on Earth or collecting data from ongoing experiments already onboard.
, Cas, I was so
“No, nothin’,” he grumbles, ripping away the crust with his teeth. Cas raises an eyebrow.
We revere myths and legends because we see them as beings out of our control, unique tales that intrigue us until we forget about them. Human nature, however, as flexible as it is, is so complex and inspiring that the story of one person is repeated over and over and over again, reflected in those who hold the same values, those who fight for the same cause… and because of this, their story never dies.
“-and we have plenty of grip bars around the station to pull us towards it!” Charlie cackles with glee. “Can you
Their stare never broke, as Dean brought the canteen to his lips. He drank for a long while, the silence stretching long and loud between them. He drank as if to chase away a dying thirst. Castiel ran his tongue over his lips, pulling them in with his teeth.
Dean hates how much he’s missed this. His drifting up to Dodge City only took two days, but the impact of realizing how alone he was had been significant. Dean revels in the mere company of the quiet man at his side, still listening intently to his song after all these hours.
Sam had said,
oh lol looks like I forgot there's a touch of vague nsfw in this chapter, but you'll definitely see it coming, and it's only like a sentence long so you can just skip to the break immediately after if it's not your thing.
moment.
Taking a deep breath, Dean rubs at his eyes tiredly (and if he’s doing it in a casual way to hide the evidence of the emotion that’s leaked through, then no one needs to know). “I’m not worth it, you don’t know what I’m
The floorboards creaked under their weight and there was a lingering scent of smoke embedded into the walls of the hotel, but Azazel wasn’t sitting at his post, allowing Castiel’s presence to remain discreet. (Castiel wasn’t fully aware of why this idea was so important to him, but some part of him was grateful that Azazel happened to be away).
“I—” Dean is so overwhelmed with emotion that it chokes him, and what feeble words he had on his tongue don’t make it out. He shuts his eyes and the corners of his lips twitch with the feeling, so intense that his head feels heavy. When Dean lets himself fall forward slightly, Cas’s other hand slips down to catch him, and then there’s lips pressed soothingly against his forehead.
The Bible already has enough of this storytelling.”
Dean pauses, finally noticing the burn marks etched onto Cas’s back: though they’re not as inflamed as they had been, covered in ash as he lay freshly burned-out, there’s a blackened imprint of wings that remains on his shoulder blades. He’s too dehydrated to really cry, but something breaks inside of him, knowing that this is a part of Cas that is gone forever.
over the speed limit, well, then that’s
“You misunderstand me,” the padre says, shaking his head and smiling warmly. “It will never be what it was,
for that one terrible line of gabe's
Though he has the slightest tinge of an accent, Dean would have thought it was his first language. They don’t meet very often, as he previously suspected would be the case, but Dean sits down and reads some of Cas’s published research and articles regarding space travel over lunch breaks, which are skillfully poised between academic and genuinely engaging. On the rare occasion that they do exchange words, there’s never any issue with communication (especially considering the fact that Dean’s russian skills leave much to be desired) unless Dean throws in one of his many allusions, to which Cas will just tilt his head and stare at Dean in puzzlement.
The solar flare put some of their instruments on the fritz, and Dean is tasked to go out to do some diagnostics and improvised repairs. Midway through the process, however, Dean finds that his oxygen levels are draining faster than they should be, and he’s soon met with utter silence, alone in his spacesuit as he tries to conserve his breath. He can feel the tension from all the way out here, of the crew waiting in anticipation, not daring to speak a word.
… Dean’s glad that that piece of information was retained over the past… however many days he was out. It’s only a few steps away, and the notion of what lays beyond the door is enough for Dean to quicken his pace.
an unusual strain of weather, as the other workers casually observe, but this time, he knows why.
Cas begins to ask, but he’s not quick enough, as Dean raises the camera lens to his eye and captures his target.
Charlie mutters to herself, clicking through the photos once more.
“Then
They continue talking about movies as they load the food cargo into the kitchen. Once Indiana Jones is brought up, they mutually decide that
as he has to perform the routine station inspections during this time as well as scarf down some breakfast — even if that breakfast is nothing more than some peanut butter on a tortilla).
remember is all the times you’ve saved me.”
After breakfast, the astronauts float around the station to check for leaks or system malfunctions. Finding nothing amiss, they disperse to catch up on work or simply to relax, whereas Dean roams around to reacquaint himself with the station. (He does his best to resist supermanning himself as fast as he can across the longer nodes, as objects in motion
I got bored. Point is, we’ve probably already read enough about demons—”
Before Dean could say anything in return, their drinks were placed in front of them. Grateful for the distraction, Castiel faced forward and took his glass, wordlessly mirroring his new companion in a silent toast.
With Benny pushing him into a corner, staring at him pointedly while his mind remains blissfully void, Dean stares at the blank screen of the phone in his hands. He’s aware that he’s acting immature, but with everything happening so quickly, it feels like he hasn’t had the time to catch up yet. Not only that, but trying to picture the vague face of this Russian stranger in place of Benny’s makes Dean want nothing more than to see if his phone will make a dent in the wall opposite to where he’s sitting.
are but still get dragged through the mud by something
Cas’s voice is like a whisper in his ear. Dean can’t yet bring himself to tear his gaze away from the window, still staring at the all-encompassing nothingness that envelops the sky.
“This is probably the only place you’re welcome here.”
just a ‘
and curls his tail around Benny’s hand. Both Dean and Benny watch Blondie in silence, content merely with the creature’s antics.
Most definitely. Even in times like this, he finds himself yearning to reach out, yearning to intertwine their very souls, but the notion isn’t as possible as it once was. Nevertheless, Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s neck, letting his fingers brush against Cas’s shoulder blades as if they could still touch the stronger branch of each wing.
Dean’s doing one more round around the bed ground, double-checking that nothing is amiss. Luckily, it seems that all the beeves are settled down for the night, aimlessly gnawing on reeds if not completely still. Nonetheless, thirty-five hundred heads is a hefty stock, so at a leisurely walk on Impala’s behalf, it takes a while to head back to the camp, leaving Pay-ati and Henrikson out for the first watch.
the right word for it.”
“… No.”
What would Dean do if something took Sam from him, right in front of his face?
Something clears in Cas’s eyes as he registers Dean’s face in front of his, but his hold doesn’t loosen. Dean reaches to feel the tensed muscles in the arms that hold him, letting one of his hands trace down and linger by his friend’s face and continue the ministrations his mother had been doing only seconds before. At least his breathing is beginning to slow so that he’s not on the verge of a panic attack, and he leans into Dean’s touch like it’ll sap out the pain.
At some point, when Dean is rummaging around his belongings, he finds the golden pocket watch wrapped in leather. The find makes him pause: he had heard that his mother had found him and Cas first… did she find the watch, too? Wrap it and stow it away safely? Dean can’t even imagine the distress she would have experienced, finding both Dean and Cas passed out on the top of that mountain with the pocket watch, used and tossed to the side.
Dean whines when Sam doesn’t say anything.
Almost immediately, Cas’s expression softens, and he pauses for a few seconds before saying: “... You don’t have to offer your own food in return for mine.”
“To hell with Zombeavers,” Charlie pipes up, also appearing in Harmony. “Now we
Or, as he seems to be known by everyone:
Through his helmet, the light of the sun—bared in the vacuum of space—warms Castiel’s cheeks, drawing life from their midst. It highlights the blue in his eyes—a colour which could have only been stolen from that sky back on Earth—and the soft part between his worried-pink lips. Some of that chocolate-brown hair escapes the rest, falling down onto his forehead where it cannot be brushed away.
“You’re avoiding him.”
“It’s not your—”
Leaning in, tilting his head as if whispering a secret, Dean said: “Because I wanted to hear what my name sounded like in your voice.”
Because the space station is in orbit around the Earth, the most Dean has to do in terms of “flying” the station is to adjust their trajectory based on the station’s total mass. He also is the one to maneuver the robotic arms around the outside of the station, but that’s only in the case they have to move external cargo or troubleshoot any issues from the exterior.
(and the directly sung one on Youtube
Staring off into the corner, Dean wracks his brain for any semblance of a concrete label. He feels…
is trustworthy of upholding that role. Even now, his patience shines through, waiting but not pushing Dean.
And then, Castiel was whirled around, pressed back into the mattress. He blinked up at the other in confusion.
“Oh, that’s just unfair,” Dean says with a mouthful of toothpaste, capturing Cas’s attention. “And you probably woke up early to run too, didn’t you?”
“Do you think I could collect some data for you?” Charlie offers, already formulating a personal experiment in her head.
you didn’t…” He trails off when he realizes Cas must’ve known this fact, and perhaps that’s why he didn’t get anything to eat.
Despite his subconsciousness’s premeditated adrenaline rush, Dean remains weary from the flight, and his movements are sluggish even with his wide-awake clarity. As he’s brushing his teeth, he spots Cas propelling himself across Tranquility.
In the borrowed bed off to the side, Cas lays on his side, just as unconscious as Dean had last seen him. His chest is also bare (and, based on the glisten, drenched in sweat), covered by the blanket that is pulled up to his shoulders. Dean doesn’t even hesitate when he drags himself across the room to settle on the mattress at Cas’s side.
Honestly speaking, the entire thing is frustrating. Dean wants to shake Cas for being stubborn… hell, he wants to tear his hair out at how he
Doesn’t even make sense.” Dean shifts in his spot, not voicing his discomfort at what the line could imply.
Dean bites his tongue to stop himself from flinching at the last description.
Cas asks tentatively, and it’s like the floodgates open.
Sam sighs. “At least come back and tend the fire for us. Everyone has probably passed out by now.”
After the meeting is over, the thought lingers on Dean’s mind, written in ink on the back of his hand. He stops by a second-hand antiques store, picking up a leather-bound journal to add to his limited collection of space luggage.
“I never said that.”
roommate for the next five months.”
Dean pauses, letting the pen rest upon the page. He’s brought his limited personal belongings into his sleep station, and though he’s not entirely unpacked, he has his laptop out and his leather journal pressed against it. Looking to the side, he stares at the closed sleeping station directly across from his own, which is left slightly ajar.
is?” Charlie ponders aloud first. “Dean… was he with anyone? Or did he ever mention anyone else?”
they return to the land of the living, a sleepy Charlie informs him.
Pity his rider underneath his torso did not garner the same fortune.
he shouts, too loud for their proximity. Dean is up almost immediately and stepping forward, roughly shoving away the bum towards the door.
Castiel stood up; the sound of the chair scraping against the wooden floorboards was almost enough to break their moment.
that?” Benny’s laughter kicks back up again. “He always lectures me about
For Dean, those occasions become a little bit of a nightmare.
Dean frowns. “Don’t know
“Thanks, man. I know I’m awful to deal with sometimes—“
The reason I mention "Little Joe the Wrangler" (which you can find on Youtube
“Two fingers of whiskey,” he settled on instead.
Castiel’s heart thudded in his chest, creeping up into his throat. There wasn’t anything he wanted. Not selfishly, at least. He thumbed over a random number of pages in his bible, skimming over words but not taking anything in.
For once, Sam doesn’t chastise him. His silence is almost deafening, making Dean taut with fear, terrified that he’s said too much. Instead, when he peeks out over his fingers, it seems like Sam is actually taking the time to drink in his brother’s words.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, blocking out the piercing sunlight.
Dean peered at him curiously. “So I get to have your name after all?” He slowly traced the rim of his glass as he spoke, eyes set on Castiel.
bite, I see,” he says. Dean glares at him but doesn’t comment.
—but it is still standing here, old and beautiful.”
It’s then that he turns around and sees Cas lingering in Harmony, idly observing what Dean’s doing. Dean navigates his food bin into the node and shifts his attention to the astronaut.
“Ea—…
Benny whistles. “Got anything nonprofessional?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No…” Something of unknown origin twists in his stomach. “Never. By the look of it, I’d say he’s been alone for a long time.”
“So what now?” his companion asks, idly looking into his near-empty glass of old tom. “Another few nights in the bed-house? Find some good firewater?”
“No,” he whispers, somehow interrupting his brother without the punch he usually has. He’s drooped over his figure, exhaustion seeping from his very bones. “I’m the auger of this drive, and we were put on night shift together. I shoulda done somethin’.”
—is the main event of the day.
There’s another part of him that wants to offer himself, to let Cas rely on him entirely so that neither of them has to be alone anymore… but when he remembers why that’s not plausible, it’s enough to sober himself up a little.
Dean has been getting so used to the weird cool pressure the air has in the night that when it disappears, he becomes restless. He’s hot and it’s stuffy and no matter what position he rolls into, it’s not good enough. He knows Cas isn’t there when he kicks his leg out and there’s nothing stopping him, and, too tired to care about being an ass, he leaves it there. Cas can deal with it when he comes back from his piss.
“Yeah, yeah. But… thanks. When I get back, I’ll grill up some burgers and open up that bourbon you like.”
With Dean’s finger paused at the last line of the N, Castiel furrowed his brow. “It’s not the name you left at the hotel.”
When he stepped back inside, the door slammed shut behind him, but Castiel never stopped moving. He pushed forward, tossing his overcoat onto his chair and setting his hat on his desk as he made his way toward the water basin. His sleeves were barely rolled up when he cupped his hands and splashed water over his face, dragging his fingers back through his hair; even at room temperature, the water was refreshing to his overheated skin.
The rag is warm again at a worrying speed, but Dean simply refreshes it, rinsing and repeating. His actions gradually become lazier, and he has no awareness of how much time passes, but he has no intention of leaving Castiel’s side.
Staring back at the stranger only inches away from him, Castiel realized with a pang that the look on Dean’s features was akin to that of hunger.
It’s probably a miracle that he’s survived this long. Idly, Dean reminisces of how he’s been here before, sitting beside Cas’s sleeping figure — only, this time, he knows who he
He shrugs. “Yeah.” Sam gives him an incredulous look. “
Rising slowly, Dean settles onto the mattress beside where Cas is laying, reaching out to brush some stray hairs from his face. In his sleep, Cas leans into the touch, and Dean swallows around the lump that begins to grow in his throat.
When the stranger started down the boardwalk and threatened to drift out of sight, Castiel left his bible and rosary behind and followed in suit.
“Demons.”
“Playing hard to get, huh?” Humming with content, the stranger leaned in closer, drawing the rest of the saloon even farther away. Castiel could smell the sting of alcohol on his breath, the wear of leather on his clothes. “Alright,” he said, “I can work with that.”
Reaching for his camera, Dean hooks it up to his laptop to download the few images he’s already captured throughout the day. The uploading bar crawls across the screen and he
Though, he’s almost relieved when he happens to wake up before everyone else, still finding that cooling pressure blanketed over him that only lulls him in his rest.
“Yeah, but… what about anything else? He mentioned ghosts, didn’t he? I bet holy water’s gonna do jack shit for those translucent fuckers.”
happen last time? It had been a while since he and Jessie had done anything, but he’d fooled around with Benny last. He was sitting on a lap, strong hands holding him in place, and as he was being stroked, out of his control, he could feel the outline of Benny’s own arousal poking through the fabric beneath him. There was something immensely satisfying, rocking forward onto it, feeling it mould to his weight as Benny’s own control gradually unraveled. He tightens his grip on his own dick, reveling in the memory of how they brushed together, slick with each other’s precoma as they thrust into their own pleasure.
“He’s just a kid, Sammy. A
Without fail, Dean always wakes in his own bed, and every time, no matter how much pain he’s in, he drags himself out of his room and directly to Cas’s bedside. His family protests, at first, but Dean’s stubbornness is truly a force to be reckoned with, and at some point, a cushioned armchair is discreetly moved into Cas’s room.
“Lost someone?” Dean asked, clearing his throat when he realized his voice was barely above a whisper.
s and curls his tail around Dean’s leg, but Dean nudges him away as he grabs his phone to take a closer look at Benny’s surroundings.
Dean pauses, truly scouring his memory in case there’s something he missed. Even so, his disappointment involving Benny’s injury has taken up most of his mental energy alongside his work, so getting to know his new roommate for the subsequent five months hasn’t really been on the top of his priority list.
In the morning, when dawn first trickles into the room, they find Dean lying in someone else’s bed, draped over Castiel’s figure with a damp rag in his hand.
With Impala trotting along the edge of the herd, Dean muttering words of comfort to her tensed disposition, they’re barely across the bed ground when the first rumble of thunder grumbles in the distance. The cattle are beginning to stir at the noise and the promise of a storm in the air. Barely visible, Dean can see Little Joe on his horse, milling about like there’s nothing to worry about, and Dean cusses under his breath.
“Hey,
Cas is also the man that rode into the heart of the hearth, only to pull a man he didn’t know from the ashes and save his life.
On the other side of the slim but sturdy iron bars, the man hung off the top bunk in the cell, still half-asleep despite being entirely upside-down. He only stopped groaning as he realized Castiel was standing there, blinking blearily to wake himself up.
It takes even more effort to climb out of the washout: Dean eventually decides to go around, finding footing where there’s less of a steep slope. He holds Little Joe gently in his arms, like the kid is some overgrown child, sleeping with his head tucked into Dean’s chest. Dean pretends not to notice the limpness in his limbs and the awkward angle of others, the blood-smeared gashes and the purple bruises that smatter across his skin from underneath his rain slicker. He holds him close, holds him dearly, as he walks back to the camp, Impala in tow.
“Have I died an’ gone up to heaven?” Dean asked breathily, fingers trailing against the grimy floor.
“I’m scared,” Dean admits, and his voice is weak like it can barely escape his throat. He stares resolutely at the chapel in front of him, unable to meet the Padre’s eyes. “I’ve never been this scared in my
Dean can feel himself leaning forward, magnetized to the room as if he desperately
“I never did say thank you, did I?” he mentions once he’s finished the sea chanty Benny had taught him. Cas blinks in surprise, turning his head to face him.
sure it was just gonna be you, but…”
Dean turns back to the workers, rubbing his fingers against his thumb to concentrate on something other than the feeling bubbling up in his chest. He’s right: Dean needs to have more faith in the White Bandit, Angel of the Desert. Plus, Dean did everything he could: he had healed Castiel as thoroughly as he could before they both became consumed with Eusolis.
Castiel had never understood the appeal. He’d never felt the desire for a wife.
—into the station. Each of the crew greets them with a hug, and Dean mentally recalls their bios as he meets them face-to-face.
“It is different, no?”
Dean shifts, finding the opening he needs to deflect. “Yeah,
It was only when their gazes met that Castiel realized he’d been staring; perhaps it was the alcohol pumping its way through his veins, the heat that prickled at the tips of his nerves, but he didn’t feel the need to look away. Their attention was locked, and Cas tilted his head curiously, watching how the stranger worried his bottom lip between his teeth.
For a while, he debates saying anything. Dean’s never really shared any of his thoughts regarding Cas—not to his mother, not even to Sam—but confessionals, priests… their purpose is to lend an ear, lend consoling advice (even if it’s just a handful of hopeful words), and Padre Abascal is someone Dean
Someone struggles to remove his helmet, pulling it off with a whoosh. Dean drinks in the air with desperation, his chest heaving as his head droops forward. When he has the energy to peek upward, he’s met with eyes every colour of the sky.
Dean doesn’t know how it’s possible—as dehydrated as Cas probably is—but there’s just a blotch of wetness in the corner of his eye, and when Dean moves his thumb to brush it away, it’s burning hot. Cas groans as another wave of pain overtakes him.
from you—”
Dean frowns. “I asked you a few times before this all happened, but… you never did give me an answer:
“Don’t play hard to get and gimme somethin’ to work with here. What
” he roars, incredulous.
No, that’s not true. There’s definitely a lot of energy pent up, and while some of it is negative, there are patches here and there that have more of a positive tint to them.
Momentarily spatially unaware, Dean jolts out of his pose to fumble and grab a handle on the wall to redirect both himself and the cargo he’s guiding.
The stranger seemed unfazed, holding Castiel’s gaze. Then, breaking their stare, he gestured to Crowley for two new drinks.
. In retrospect, Dean can hardly even imagine what taking out the doctor for a drink would be like. The awkward pauses between Dean’s allusions and Cas’s admittances that he doesn’t “understand that reference” make it more difficult for Dean to relate to his new coworker, especially within the little time they
. Many times it has been destroyed—by Luis de Rojas, by
He also sported a double holster out in the open, no duster to conceal his weapons.
Dean intricately describes why it’s best to put the spinach underneath the shredded mozzarella to Charlie; he also finishes his own pizza with an artistic touch (by making a lopsided smiley face out of the pepperoni, which he claims is infinitely better than the slightly-more-detailed spinach-bell pepper-and-pepperoni face Charlie makes). Cas makes something that is starting to resemble a salad, whereas Ash’s pizza is almost completely obscured by pepperoni. Crowley commits a crime against humanity that is only sardines and olives on top of the tomato sauce, and Meg has the most normal looking cheesy-pepperoni pizza out of all of them.
” Dean shuts his eyes and exhales slowly at Garth’s phrasing. “Tell me you at least remember his
“Yeah, but… he’s been around for so long now,” Dean says. “
Dean cleans up quickly and tucks himself back in, languidly making his way back to the camp as he appreciates the continued cool breeze against his flushed skin. It’s only when he climbs back into the tent and sees Cas, hair ruffled with how he’s moved in his sleep, his breathing gentle and regulated, that Dean is reminded of the images his mind had provided him. He’s too tired to feel too guilty—and thinking about it too hard probably won’t do him any good—but when he crawls back into his hen skins, finally woozy enough to get at least a few more hours of sleep, he finds himself facing the man, listening to the soft puffs of breath that follow every exhale.
Benny?” Dean chokes out, and Benny’s laughter clips with the questionable connection. “I’ll have you know I joined that back on my first flight up, thank you very much.”
Dean bites his lip, already seeing the task as somewhat daunting.
kind of pitiful, put like that, Dean threatens to be back in exactly an hour, on the dot, before hobbling away.
Though Dean was by no means a small person, Castiel was able to lift him with relative ease — only struggling with the awkward position into which Dean had somehow twisted himself. Dean’s grip was strong around Castiel’s arms. Castiel wrinkled his nose at the smell of stale alcohol on the other’s breath. Together, they untwisted Dean’s legs from the ratty sheet on the top bunk, until Dean was standing (loosely speaking) on the ground, leaning all of his weight into Castiel’s hold.
Around the campfire (which Garth is currently trying to revive with the dry firewood from the chuckwagon), everyone sits and chatters as if nothing had even happened.
Her master Dean Winchester is seated just in front of her, watching the rolling valleys beneath his feet. There’s a canteen in one hand and his arms hang over his knees as he watches, waiting for the sun to rise.
“Oh,” Dean says. And then, feeling the need to justify himself: “I- I just thought: what a better time than now? To bring my camera? There’s so many moments and scenes to capture and immortalize with such a rare opportunity.”
is up with himself, but when it’s his turn, and he enters the lab only to see the top few buttons of Cas’s shirt undone and his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, Dean feels his cheeks traitorously begin to heat.
The poem Cas recites is by Lord Byron.
Thrusting so that his pelvis is pushed up against his fist, he lets the last of his spend spill onto the ground, streaking the grass beneath his boots with sticky threads. His legs quake with the exertion and his breath is shaky, but his mind hums with post-orgasmic bliss, satisfied at last.
Dean’s chair scraped against the floor, and Castiel stood his ground, unable to move.
Ellsworth, because apparently Abilene isn’t as practical of a cattle town anymore — which is fair, because the drive to Ellsworth should only take two weeks as opposed to two and a half. The only downside is that they won’t be able to stop by Ellen’s saloon after they sell the herd.
With Dean speechless and Sam having nothing else to say, he offers his brother an encouraging smile and stands up, brushing off his jeans of dust and leaving Dean to consider his advice.
Every moment he spends near Cas, he becomes increasingly aware of just what he had done: every groan, every whimper, every cry in the night that has him tossing and turning in pain… It's all Dean’s fault. If he had been a little more persistent, maybe not have used the pocket watch at all, Cas wouldn’t be suffering like this, having part of his very
to someone else farther out in orbit.
really
(See the end of the chapter for
Garth gapes, laughing despite himself. “And it’s Castiel, by the way. Castiel Krushnic.”
“She said the White Bandit steals people’s hearts.” Dean shifts his expression so that he’s teasingly serious, nodding his head as he adds: “And you know what else? I’m starting to believe that might not have all been just talk.”
The floating is definitely a factor to keep him distracted, too. Now that they’re weightless, Dean and Cas swim around the cabin in more comfortable, casual attire, monitoring every aspect of their flight and keeping in constant communication with mission control.
Shaking his hands out, flicking droplets of water onto his front and onto the mirror, Castiel leaned against the counter for support and sighed deeply. Everything he’d been attempting to bury was being unearthed all at once — Castiel didn’t know whether he should let himself give in.
Dean knows that Missouri, as his psychologist, is aware of his history—the growing up under a certain John Winchester, the prioritizing of Sammy over his own wellbeing—and she knows
No one speaks up after Charlie finishes. They listen to Rufus’s harmonica wheeze, the logs in the fire crackle, and a lazy round of laughter from the Mexicans.
Dean murmured, voice rough. Castiel startled, not having mentally thought out his own rationale.
you see my wings like that?” Cas asks with a raised eyebrow, and after realizing he had mentioned his wings, his jaw clenches.
There aren’t too many casualties. With the thirty-five hundred heads they have in their stock, a dozen trampled cattle is not too much of a sweat (for the severity of the storm they encountered — Dean still felt a pang in his chest every time he counted another). If anything, they can probably salvage one of the fallen beeves, crudely butchering some of the meat for the rest of the drive. Beef stew sound like heaven right about now.
Dean grins to himself, counting the cash before winking at the old coot. “Nothin’ but out and out talent, ‘m afraid.”
“Shut up.”
Dean huffs. “My memory’s not
spilled from his lips.
As predicted, they reach Dodge City in September. In celebration, having built up to where the station foundation is laid out and started by the other builders, someone arranges for plenty of firewater to be available for the railroad workers after their meal. Dean indulges himself plenty, but even Cas is convinced to have a few drinks, joining in the general looseness of the party with his easier smiles and lazier stares.
But here he was again, sitting in front of Castiel with tired eyes and a weary smile. He came
“You’re one stubborn
Before Dean can come up with some snarky retort, Garth slaps his shoulder with a little too much force and bumbles off again.
“Sounds like every myth I’ve ever heard of: powerful, mysterious, and ruthless.”
Ironically, Cas is the one to first serve the ball with too much force and have it slam into something on the opposite wall. Everyone freezes, tense with the fear that they
“I, uh…” He clears his throat. “I see. Um. Glad to see y’all are fine. That’s… that’s good…” he trails off, suddenly wishing he isn’t at the center of attention. He gives them a strained smile. “Can’t do nuthin’ else ‘till the morning comes, so, uh… try to get some shut eye. We’ll head out later tomorrow.” And with that, he turns and leaves.
Every once in a while, he’ll catch Cas doing the same, too. Usually it’s around the campfire, when Dean is telling some story and gesticulating wildly, his food half-forgotten on his lap. As he surveys his audience, sometimes he’ll glance to the side, just to see if Cas is listening, and find the person in question staring back intently, the interest in his expression aglow with the flickering light casting shadows across his face. Dean will sometimes be caught in his gaze, unable to tear himself away from the brilliant blue eyes that dedicate all of their attention to him.
“I didn’t know you still had it,” he finally breathes. As wondrous as Cas is, he doesn’t dare touch the object.
He had scrambled eggs… and put ketchup on them! Who
The railroad drew closer, and along with it came whispers and murmurs traded between more and more townsfolk.
The first rays of sun peek up over the horizon, adding to the orangey-pink tang of the clouds above, and Dean hears hooves behind him slow to a trot as they approach. To pretend he isn’t listening, he takes a sip from his canteen as he keeps his eyes trained on the valley below. Someone’s boots land on the ground with a soft
“Swear on the bible! Old Chuckie saw ‘im on the way back from his midnight piss.”
“Not unless one of us writes it all down.”
“You knew,” he says without thinking. “About the demons, about…” Padre Abascal nods when he trails off.
before he zonks out, even if it ends up only being a word or two for each point. After all, those days don’t amount to much more than discussing work or feeling some variation of “tired and sore”.
A harsher gust of wind pushes Dean back towards the herd. Mildly startled, he turns to look northward, barely cognizant of the pitch darkness looming over the horizon. The moon still provides plenty of light across the plains, but not for long, if Dean’s bad feeling is right about anything. Seeing the herd become slightly restless at the wind that’s now picking up, he whistles just a bit louder than before.
Dean pouts. “But the bell tower collapsed. Even now, so many months after the storm, so much of the chapel isn’t restored.”
Castiel was fully aroused by the time Dean pulled off with a lewd pop — he was so riled up that he was close to bucking his hips against Dean’s face, filling the man’s mouth until he choked.
Cas gulps, avoiding his gaze but nodding all the same.
So, instead of dwelling on the matter, Dean opens up Garth’s messages and brings up the number that was sent earlier that day, drafting out a new message:
While they sort through experiments and carry them to their designated facilities, Dean finds the crate holding Benny’s experiment and pauses.
Dean isn’t worthy to love (and perhaps to be loved by) Castiel, for he loves him far too much to condemn him to his side.
“History, Dean,” Sam explains, closing the book at last. He takes his bowl and continues eating. “A lot of those demons probably existed and probably still do, and sometimes you can even get information based on how other people interact with them.”
Dismounting by the fire, he leads Impala to the rest of the horses to remove her saddle for the night. He speaks with her quietly as he always does, murmuring ambiently as he pets her rump and heaves the saddle to the side. She nuzzles his chest firmly before turning to the much more appealing grass at her hooves.
a bribe involved, Azazel would usually tip Castiel if asked, not because he’s a good person but merely because he liked to watch the world burn).
Cas’s breath stutters in his sleep, but then he relaxes, more peaceful in slumber than he has been in a very long time.
And the third… well, the third is an interesting one: Cas has a deep, gravelly, smokes-five-packs-a-day voice.
“Penny for your thoughts,” Cas murmurs.
Dean worries about Little Joe. He knows he shouldn’t, with all that the kid’s proved, but he can’t help it. What’s worse is that Sam says he doesn’t express it properly (Sam being the one to point out that he’s worried about the kid in the first place), having been told so after he once complained that the kid didn’t like him.
Cas plasters a smile on his face, waving him off. “It was many years ago, Dean.” He sighs. “I guess you’re allowed to know.”
“He’ll be alright now,” she tells him, rubbing into the tense muscle under her fingers. “We’re all going to make it.”
“Are you breathing normally?” Cas asks, his confusion evident.
At some point, Cas sits up, propping himself against the wall so Dean can still move relatively freely in his lap. Dean’s hands trace Cas’s shoulders, fingertips barely brushing over the tattooed remains of wings that slope down his back.
Hesitating in his step, Dean is only a little shameful at drawing a blank.
“I thought I was happy with my life as it was, but with all that you’ve done, how my life has changed since you first saved me… thank you, for that. I’ll always be yours, if you’ll have me.”
running late to the lab.”
he tested, his voice rough. The name already felt familiar in his mouth, so he savoured its taste, enticed by the way Dean bit his lip to stifle a shaky inhale. A bead of sweat trickled down the back of his neck.
“Has anyone seen Little Joe?” he asks, carefully controlling his voice. “I sent him back for an extra pistol.”
Dean’s still far off from the camp when the first real crack of thunder cuts through the air, barely introduced by a sharp flash of light that illuminate the entire desert for merely a second. It takes him another few seconds to realize that what he’s hearing is not residual thunder but the thundering of hooves upon the ground.
“No I haven’t—” Dean grumbles in vain. The others easily ignore him.
Sam laughs, groaning into his hands and finally meeting Dean’s insistent stare. “I thought you were more observant than that, but I guess I was wrong…
breathe
“Mm,” Dean said, lips still against the bottle yet refraining to take anything in. “And you have something that
Would Heaven be so forgiving?
Still, it’s only a little unfair to see Cas alert and already ready for the day at 06:10 when Dean almost crashes into a wall on his way through Tranquility for his morning piss.
“Not a bad idea for once.”
Dean balks at the implication that something like
do you think whips would be useful for getting around in this place?”
Pulling himself over to his own luggage, Dean rummages around, tucking his therapy journal and a pen underneath his arm before finally locating his camera from the depths of his folded clothes. Barely closing his bag, he pushes off the wall and clambers over to their seats again, contorting himself so that he can find the perfect angle.
it had been three long months Castiel had tried to escape, tried to discard all that he had discovered that night. All Dean had to do was pull Castiel back in with a look of those pretty green eyes, and Castiel was back in the saloon again, with nothing but a glass of whiskey, an empty stomach, and an unrelenting thirst.
Cas hesitates. “… Yes, when I can, I suppose.”
Dean thinks, gazing at him with such heartbreaking sadness that his chest physically aches. Dean is not a good person, not to mention the fact that he
One of the biggest achievements Dean has done thus far is to successfully replicate functional bullets for the Colt; because he’s hunting, he doesn’t mind possessing the peacemaker because it actually comes in handy in a pinch. At some point, Dean had brought the revolver to his father, and together they analyzed its mechanism, figured out exactly what makes the bullets functional. Now, Dean always has a decent supply of bullets for the Colt on hand.
“There you are.”
Castiel leaned against his forearms on the far end of the bar top. Upon spotting the stranger at the other end of the bar, Castiel bowed his head, keeping the brim of his hat over his eyes and his ears open.
Dean smiles against Cas’s hand. “That you’re the most important person in this bunch.”
“Give it to me straight:” Sam begins, and Dean looks away, “what’s going on between you and Cas?”
Turning around and bringing Impala to a gallop, Dean hurries to where he came from and the direction the cattle are seeming to take.
It was one thing to see the oasis in the distance, warped in the heatwaves and glistening in the sun; it was an entirely different matter to have the oasis right before your eyes, calling your name and enticing you to drink.
Castiel cocked his head to the side. “Then why would you give it to me?”
“How about this,” Missouri says, shifting slightly in her spot. “How does this all make you
Dean plasters on a smile, masking the hollow feeling in his chest. “Yeah, yeah.” He shifts in his spot, waking Blondie from his nap to peer accusingly at Dean. “You should probably get some rest. I’ll be over soon to annoy the shit outta you, and you won’t even be able to run away.”
.” Dean can’t look his brother in the eye. “Just because you refuse to understand your own feelings doesn’t mean you get to shit all over Cas’s.”
There are two songs featured in this chapter, both of which you can find in this
The question kept Castiel frozen, brain buffering for entirely different reasons than before.
The entire world tilted around Castiel, pulsing softly like a boat on calm waters. He wanted to lean into the sensation, chase it and catch it in his hands just so he could understand what it was. The brim of Dean’s hat shaded most of his face, and with the look he was giving Castiel, it felt like they were the only ones left in the saloon.
Once nothing else can be destroyed, Dean crouches down to pick up the remains, shielded from the glass shards by his riding gloves. Though he managed to keep the clock hands in his palm, tiny gears and springs lie forgotten behind, soon to be lost in the wind and buried in the earth.
Cas, I’m so sorry: my- Sammy—
6.  Scheduled Sleep Period at 21:30.
Cas pouts. “What else was I supposed to think?”
Dean laughs. “Yeah,
Dean frowns at his handwriting. Explaining that thought process in detail feels… exposing, even if that’s probably Missouri’s intention with this exercise.
Dean also seemed sharper on the uptake. “You asked about me at the hotel, didn’t you?” Castiel froze, caught off guard, but Dean only grinned. “You know,” he hummed, leaning impossibly closer to Castiel, “if you wanted to see my room… you could always just ask.”
His breath quickens slightly, and Dean becomes just a bit dizzy with how fast his head is spinning.
’ in Kiowa, which is why he and the rest of the cowhands often refer to him as
The voice is calming and familiar, which is the only reason Dean doesn’t startle. When he glances towards its source, he finds that Padre Abascal has joined his side where he’s leaning over a fence, and he’s greeted with a warm smile.
“It’s just,” Dean tries before peeking his eyes open, seeing Cas’s irritated glare, and falling into another set of breathless giggles that tug at the lingering pain in his chest. “I just can’t imagine your look-alike being so…” He waves his hand in a circle, gesturing at his companion, before losing it again.
Cas raises an eyebrow. “I have not.”
Azazel shrugged, vaguely gesturing to the check-in book near Castiel with his cigarette. “Bill Eastwood, room five. Said he was passin’ through.”
First it was the storms. They didn’t quite approach the camp, where they were gradually heading towards Raton Pass, but they could see them skirting the horizon in the distance, too far away for anything larger than a belly grumble, but still close enough to see the occasional tendril of lightning flash across the sky.
Azazel’s eyes were derisive and his mouth curled up into a leer. He had a smoking brain tablet between two fingers and a paper in the other hand, leaning back in his chair with his feet kicked up.
Every sound carried in this weather: the creaking of the wooden wheels as their cogs inched along, the groaning of floorboards in the building next door, the idle humming of the town drunk as he stumbled by. Even from within the room—the steady tick of a grandfather clock, the neat scratching of a pen against paper—could be enough to drive a man mad.
Dean frowns. “Oh, I thought…”
proclaim that he had a terrible memory regarding the White Bandit legend with Charlie and Sam, his repertoire came from hearing the older cowhands sing the same songs over and over again, and, once concentrating on actually learning them, Dean absorbed them as his own. There
“Wasn’t you that did the deed. I was getting warm, anyhow, and I almost got a show on top of that.” He nods at him, and Dean scowls in return. “I should probably head off; it was a pleasure, bucking the tiger.” His arm is outstretched. Dean stares at it longer than he probably should, taking notice of the brand-like scar on his forearm.
He was drunk then, and Dean always wants to blame it on having been out in the sun, but now, with the memory vivid behind his eyelids, he can almost see the flush cock in front of his face again, plump and pink in the firelight, begging to be sucked. Dean has an overwhelming need to taste it again, to feel its weight sitting on his tongue and to stare up at the euphoria of its recipient as he swallows it as deep as he can.
“Why did you return?” Castiel pressed a smooth, wooden pawn into the board. “To Heaven.”
Even so, Cas is wary at first, scanning the node for anything they might need to protect. Then, once they first lose a point and Charlie and Ash chest-bump, and once Dean cries out victoriously when Ash’s serve hits their own side of the net, Cas starts to loosen up and get into the game. After a particularly tense round where Cas tips the ball over to the other side and just out of Charlie’s reach, Dean cheers loudly and wraps Cas up in a big hug, spinning them slowly in the air with the motion.
“Dean, I wasn’t born yesterday,
Sam smiles gently at him, and it makes Dean want to punch something. “Stories are exaggerated, Dean. We gotta take it with a grain of salt.”
“It’s all my fault,” Dean murmurs, staring out at the sleeping cattle like he can’t see a damn thing. “
Dean is endlessly pacing around Benny’s bed, which
Charlie frowns. “You’re a good man, Dean; I just think you’re the only one who doesn’t believe that.”
Though he represents the United Kingdom, he technically flew up with Roscosmos and currently works for their program. Something about him makes Dean want to be wary around his presence, which is a completely unfounded and illogical stance to have, as Crowley is apparently one of the brightest physical sciences researchers to work in this laboratory. He is currently studying combustion in microgravity, though he continues to investigate the properties of different molecules and compounds in the extremes of space.
. “Worthless.”
Usually, it’s Garth’s voice on the other side, far too chipper for eight in the morning. Sometimes, it’s their mission’s organizer Henrikson, and once his recovery is progressing smoothly, Benny joins in to catch up on what’s happening on the station (from a professional standpoint, of course… most of the time). The guilt continues to eat away at Dean during those calls, but he tells himself to put it aside when he’s the only one who seems to be upset by the predicament; even when he calls Benny in his free time, Benny seems more than happy to update Dean on everything going on back down on Earth, as well as how Blondie will most definitely try to move out with him once Dean returns.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “So you’re passing through?”
Unbuttoning his pants with just a bit too much excitement, he spits as much saliva as he can into the palm of his hand and reaches down to grab himself, sighing at the contact and letting the back of his head bump against the tree trunk. Lazily, he begins to stroke himself with the lightest of touches, slicking his own spit with the tips of his fingers against the sensitive skin to make sure no spot is left unattended. When he flicks his thumb over the head, he gathers the bead of precome that has already collected, sliding his hand back down the shaft with a twist of his wrist to spread it into the mix. Dean bites his lip and groans as he feels his pulse drop to his lower half, radiating warmth across his body with every throb.
Dean said in return.
From out there, Castiel could see most movement down the street from the corner of his eye. He lurked in the growing shadow of his office, a rosary gripped in one hand and a bible grasped in the other. His hands shook and his sight grew fuzzy, but Castiel held onto those words like a lifeline, lips moving to the phrases he’d read over and over again.
“You looked angrier than usual at your coffee.”
“Somethin’ funny?”
Underneath the image, Garth captioned it with a message:
Without looking up, Dean tapped his chest where Castiel’s sheriff badge would have been hidden inside of his vest pocket. “Felt it.” He moved a queen in one swift motion. “Check.”
By the time Dean returns to Cas’s room, a little over an hour has passed, but no one bothers to comment on the discrepancy.
“Oh, no, then you’re thinking about it all wrong.” He lets the lens collapse and then turns around the screen to show Cas his capture. “Sometimes, photos are like memory devices, proof that something actually happened. Those bring moments back, and we can recall everything else that happened around that photo.” Dean taps on the screen where the image is displayed. “And then there’s the ones that have… a message. Some sort of meaning behind them.”
, your head is
Sam chuckles grimly, half-drowned out by the wind and some passing traffic.
Castiel was never the talkative type, but with so many burning questions building and boiling from within, it was inevitable that
“The entire desert is a
Ironically, Dean’s agitation only makes it worse for himself, as not only is he constantly brought back to the lab with Cas to have his vitals rechecked for any anomalies, but Dean is also vividly aware that
. Cas is the man that looks awkward, like his feathers are ruffled, when Dean or Gabe teases him. Cas is the man that names his “
The stranger had reemerged, pausing momentarily to murmur soft words to his horse. His bandana had been removed from around his neck, having been tied over his sleeve and around his bicep. From this angle, the curve of his ass was clear where his pants hugged his figure, the bow of his legs like he was born to ride a horse.
” Dean’s voice only raises because he’s panicking, and when his arms flew up in gesture, Cas flinched. “I never…
Flushing at the memory of the event, Dean waves at him to cut him off. “Fine,
“It’s good to see you are well, mijo.”
“Planned avoidance,” Benny smirks. “That’s a new one.”
” Padre Abascal waves his hand as he searches for the translation, “a bit out of place, at the moment.”
; not everyone’s as emotionally constipated as you and Cas.”
to be…
to watch Lost Ark tonight.”
“What are you doing?” Cas finally asks.
Castiel drummed his fingers against the desk, thinking. With the heat at its worst, sundown wouldn’t be for many long hours, which meant that the stranger would very likely venture out and explore their little town of Heaven; there weren’t too many places of interest their town had to offer, so at least Castiel was likely to keep a keen eye on the stranger’s whereabouts.
” Dean murmurs, letting himself lean over the man. “I’m right here, man,
Slowly—
Right…
Exhaling, Dean tilts his head to the side, resting his cheek on his arm. He’s sitting on the floor, having foregone the chair for once so that he doesn’t have to strain his neck staring down at Castiel.
“I’ll… see you on Monday, Cas,” he says — hushed, as if careful not to fracture the moment. “I think we’ve got some maintenance training together.”
Not wasting a moment longer, Dean pushes Impala as hard as he can to the lead of the herd. He can feel her undercurrent of trepidation, how she resists slightly under her reins, how she tenses, but Dean’s got her well trained and could lead her through the gates of hell if he so pleased.
Castiel stared blankly at the board. Dean’s work-worn fingers snagged the bishop and placed it on the side.
His gut instinct is absolutely right. Dean hates that it is, but he’s grateful that it has sharpened his senses at the very least.
It all cumulates after the space walk.
Due to the muscle and bone atrophy the astronauts experience while in space (as well as the consequent blood redistribution that doesn’t have to fight against gravity anymore), it is critical that they receive at least two hours of physical exercise per day. To do so, they rotate between the three pieces of exercise equipment available on the station: a treadmill, a pseudo-weightlifting machine, and a stationary bike. Because Cas’s primary job is to collect data on the crewmembers’ cardiovascular systems, they often find themselves in his company as he records their vitals.
There’s a puff of breath against his skin, and then they’re both giggling.
In all honesty, Dean’s words confused Castiel: he couldn’t quite grasp their meaning, and every time he felt he was getting closer, he’d be distracted by the way Dean stared at him, and his train of thought would taper off and fall off track. By now, the sun had probably dipped below the horizon, plunging the desert into cool night, and yet Castiel still burned.
Despite being outgoing and eager to meet the rest of his crew, Dean finds himself constantly gravitating toward Cas: even when he’s chatting with someone else, preparing for the quick landing ceremony they’ll conduct before Dean and Cas can get settled in, he’ll glance to the side, seeking out Cas and catching his eye. Sometimes, Cas looks back, and Dean always rewards him with a wide smile.
they’re distancing in the first place. Their constant physical closeness and preceding familiarity allows them to even develop somewhat of a silent form of communication, able to convey their thoughts to each other through a series of facial expressions and small body gestures; something about finding themselves sitting next to each other at mealtimes—the entire camp automatically reverting to the same seating almost every time—and listening to the other’s breathing only inches away as they fall asleep at night must do something in giving them a soul-deep understanding of their counterpart.
Dean lets out a sigh, letting relief fill what had been taut with worry.
… I’ve only heard the song before this whole shitshow happened.”
yet?” Benny asks.
Dean’s about to argue, his mouth open and ready to retort, when he laughs loud and clear instead, startling Cas into a look of offense and mild concern. Before he can become too upset, however, Dean waves him off, trying to level himself once again.
“Dean,” his brother whispers, and Dean nods, gulping. He hops out of the grave in one jump, getting to his feet in a mindless reflex.
Missouri sighs, scooting back on her own, opposite sofa chair, lacing her fingers together and settling her hands in her lap. “I’ve been studying space psychology my entire career, Dean, and all the most successful relationships are forged prior to being isolated together.”
Sammy’s gaze softens. “Thanks, Dean.”
“Rufus and Pay-ati are taking this shift,” Sam tells him softly. Dean hums in acknowledgement. “C’mon: you need rest.”
“Not unless I have to.”
John had also made an effort to reconcile and change his ways; he’s not perfect, but the fact that he’s trying is enough for Dean. He and Mary have grown closer again, and while she’ll be wary about how John is with the boys, they come to understand each other once again. Even with Sam and Dean, John does his best to attend to them, whether it’s helping Sam pack and move to the city and buy new books, or whether it’s patiently spending time with Dean to show him new hunting techniques over a bottle of beer. Mary also makes a huge effort to connect with Sam, encouraging him to tell her about what he’s learning and remembering to make his favorite foods and pastries every time he drops by.
“You weren’t chased by him, were you?”
“So what will you ask for?”
Dean pauses, looking over his shoulder. Cas is glancing at the apple pie Dean had already forgotten about, lips parted as if he’s going to add some light thanks for the pastry, but then his fists clench, and Dean tenses.
Castiel’s legend as the White Bandit is great, but it doesn’t hold much truth (or rather, it was misperceived), and even so, its lifespan is reaching an end as more and more storytellers forget the words, forget the verses.
Life back at the ranch is… surprisingly regular. Dean attends to all the chores he had taken care of before this entire mess had started, and spends a lot of time fixing up the buildings that had been destroyed from the demon raid all those months back. It’s repetitive work, and it keeps Dean’s mind blissfully occupied.
me, saving my life—”
“Caught me right at dinner,” Dean teases. Pausing as he’s cutting peppers, he squints to his phone screen, trying to make out why his friend looks so bedraggled and is wearing a patterned white gown. “Benny…?”
“It was… my brother,” he chooses his words carefully, like he’s avoiding the impact any alcohol would have on his speech. His expression is blank. “I lost him to… a couple of bandits.”
With such close proximity, Castiel snuck a hand around Dean’s waist to feel his rear, to memorize the shape underneath his fingers. Dean gasped and rutted against Castiel, the clothed arousal indicative of the pleasure he received with a pretty cock in his mouth.
Dean stares at Benny for a while, lulled back into the easy silence as the steady heartbeat of his cardiograph fills the room.
Shaking his head, Dean laughs to himself. “You’re made of something different.”
and… I thought… with Alastair… I thought I’d…
” He hunches over himself, staring at and fiddling with his hands. “It didn’t mean anything,” he reiterates, almost as if to convince himself of the fact.
Castiel follow him.
The air was so hot that if you looked close enough, you could make out the heatwaves wafting in the light, warping the scene around you as if it were nothing but a mirage.
Sighing at Dean’s evident frustration at trying to discern his own emotions, Missouri lets him off the hook. “I have an exercise for you, something that may even help you on your stay: I want you to keep a journal.”
“Good day, Azazel,” he said, already turned on his heel to leave the smoke behind.
Back at the camp, he moves to remove Impala’s saddle immediately, taking pity on the stress she surely endured during the stampede. Scratching at her neck, behind her ears, and down her forehead, he lets her shove her face against his chest while he hums to her, soft and comforting. He feels her sigh before she shakes herself, nosing at the slick grasses at their feet. Dean takes that as his cue to leave.
“Have you met this
each of us Spidermanning across the station?”
It’s a brief affair, happening as he’s hopping around his desk and collecting his gear because he forgot that he’s scheduled for the Neutral Buoyancy Lab in twenty minutes. Garth is still showing Castiel around, but he’s resorted to teasing Dean as Castiel stands awkwardly between them.
Castiel swayed forward to rejoin their lips but missed as Dean slid down, dropping to his knees as if to pray. Understanding his intention, Castiel leaned back against the door, hand straying to stroke back Dean’s hair with tenderness.
Dean grins like the cat that got the cream — not even the scorching sun on their backs can extinguish his good spirits.
will serve to both wake his colleagues and divert the cattle from stampeding too far south.
Charlie gasps, then turning around to shout just above the hum of the station:
A match was struck, and a kerosene lamp was lit.
“Yeah.” Dean lifts a cargo bin and pushes it in Charlie’s direction. “Catch.”
because you and Sam are
until he paused only a breath away.
“I think,” he starts, mulling over what he’s going to say, “you need to stop putting words into his mouth: let him speak for himself. By inferring and believing it to be the honest truth, you’re just going to hurt everyone. Stop running away just because you don’t understand the entire picture.”
His fingers hovered over the chain of his pocket watch, but he decided against removing it: even like this, he could still blend in as one of the wealthier individuals in town.
His tongue was dry and rough against the roof of his mouth, so he gulped down the lump in his throat.
The name on Castiel’s lips as he climaxed was natural, as if it had always been there. It was also
“Jesus Christ, you fuckin’ bastard.”
They’re the other two astronauts with NASA: though they’re both the youngest on the crew and computer whizzes—having helped develop and improve a lot of the programs that now run the ISS in the first place—they had been the main two individuals leading the development of a neutrino telescope due to their interest in interferometry (though, apparently via holograms) and are stationed here to observe the readings and ensure that the instrument is working properly. Ash has a mullet that is tied back into a rattail, and everything about his appearance screams
“I need you to understand that I love you not only for all that you have done for me, but for all that you have been and all that you ever will be.”
“There’s a storm coming,” he says over breakfast. “Woke up to that high pressure, cool feelin’ in the night.”
On the desk just a reach away, there’s a rag soaking in a bowl of water. Dean shifts to grasp for it, wringing it out before bringing it over to Cas, gently wiping and cooling his burning skin. He tries to ease the tenseness in his brow, as if it could be so easy as to simply wash away the pain.
Cas promises, and Dean almost melts in his seat in relief.
“If that’s the case, then I’m sorry as well.”
“I’d say that’s the most
Sam shrugs. “He asked me not long after we met and I said ‘
he says, holding out his hand in a stopping gesture before maneuvering around the console. “Don’t move,
Castiel had partially convinced himself that he had dreamt up the ever-elusive Dean Winchester — in fact, with his subject bathed in the hazy dawnlight that filtered into the cell, Castiel wasn’t entirely sure if he was real in that very moment. What were you supposed to do, when a phantom of the past (three months ago, to be precise, but time had warped those days into an eternity each) drifted back into your midst? What were you supposed to do, when the very figure you refused to accept that you’d been thinking about reappeared just as quickly as they’d left? What were you supposed to do when you drank from the oasis, only to wake with sand in your mouth and a sunburn on your shoulders?
. Dean shrugs. “I just… I always thought I’d return back to the ranch, return to my boring ol’ cowpokin’ life… but
“The ones that I went into hiding here for in the first place. I think they’re finally closing in.”
Dean leans over so he can peer at the page his brother has open. “
In a sense, they’re still falling. Even on the ISS, they’ll be falling: caught in orbit, they still experience Earth’s gravity. They fall and simply overshoot the Earth. Rather, they’ll be falling forever, never getting any closer and never getting any farther as they move around and around and around their very own home.
Her comment makes Dean pause and turn to her in question. “Uh… yeah? I got all of you in there.”
The rhythmic beat of cantering hooves against the ground broke the spell, slowing until there was nothing but the impatient stomping of a restless horse. Though the ticking droned on, the pen had stopped, paused mid-air, and was gently set on the desk beside the paper. For a moment, there was nothing, perhaps the sound of boots of a dismounting rider against the dirt in the distance. Then, a chair scraped back against the floor and footsteps creaked over the floorboards.
problems and actually make an effort to know the poor guy. At least I know
look and he’s actually quite fit, but he’s such a socially awkward person — hell, I could hardly interact with him before the launch.”
Stubborn as he is, Dean lingers by the bed grounds, watching how some of the beeves decide to sit instead. When he hears someone on a horse approach him, he decides to pay them no mind.
Dean is met with silence at first, but based on the absentminded movement of fingers on his shoulder, he presumes it’s more out of thought than anything.
As Dean waits for the lag to catch up, he glances over at Cas, who has gone around behind their seats to grab something from his bag. Cas is already looking back at him with exasperation. Dean shoots him a grin in return.
Picking a tree that is slightly more hidden from view, Dean leans against the sturdy trunk, facing the other side of the patch from the camp. The lack of attention he’s been giving himself has made him sensitive, so he absently reassures himself that he shouldn’t take too long.
“Thanks, by the way,” Dean murmurs, watching how Benny’s fingers curl as they scratch behind Blondie’s ear and under his chin.
The seats are moulded to their bodies (Cas had his flown with him from Russia), and they’re strapped in, watching as monitors light up and change as the different stages of launch kick into action.
“That’s not even how the saying goes and you know it.”
“Back when this all started,” Dean first says, “back when I was still looking for answers, I met this… this girl you’d saved. I was trying to get some of your legend out of her,
” He makes a frustrated gesture with his hands when he can’t find the correct phrase.
Nonetheless, Dean is as stubborn as an ass and works silently, concentrating on developing his stamina for this type of work as efficiently as possible. The effort pays off quickly, with his colleagues appreciating both his hardworking demeanour on the job and his bold but friendly demeanour off the job. Soon, he gains enough strength to start joining in their work song, having both listened to the tunes enough times to familiarize himself with the melodies as well as to be able to balance the exertion his stamina allows between harmonizing and moving wooden beams.
To avoid cracking under the pressure, Dean shifts his attention back to the musician, who is now coaxing out the chords to a ballad.
Dean does his best not to cringe at the use of
” Dean responds automatically. “You— I thought you said-—”
“I never said that was the case,” she counters smoothly. “Based on your observations, you said Castiel is awkward around others, and not to mention surrounded by brand-new peers who are constantly speaking a language that isn’t his first. Why do your first thoughts automatically lead to self deprecation?”
He’s about to open his mouth, ask more questions about what’s happened since the raid, but he’s stopped with the scratchy dryness in his throat — in fact, the sensation almost feels to extend beyond just his throat. Pay-ati gestures for him to stay silent.
Taking a deep breath out, Castiel turned around slowly, forcing himself to keep his eyes on the other in an effort to gauge his reaction.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gordon peers at him suspiciously. “Dunno what they put in your bait, but I was nuthin’ but a roasting chicken.”
will be streamed for movie night.
Forcing down whatever happened back there in Harmony, Dean grins knowingly. “He your type?”
“Mm.” Dean’s eyes suddenly light up as he recalls his past few interactions with the astronaut. “Do you know what I caught him doing the other day? Do you
“Because, y’know, he’s really an attractive guy—that’s just plain fact, an objective point—with all the dark hair and bright blue eyes and a voice you could go to sleep to and that whole
“And the suns…”
“More like a second chance, for you, Dean,” Charlie adds, to which Dean gives her a strained smile.
their sympathetic stares on him, but he can’t bring himself to care, consumed by listening to the soft puffs of breath from the man in front of him.
When he tries to put a voice to it, though, all that comes to mind is the rough gravel that appears in Cas’s voice when he’s still bleary with sleep. The low rumble exists as an echo in his head while he moves his hand, flicking his nipple, imagining what it would be like to run his hands through the already-messy hair and tangle his fingers in the slight curls. He’s barely aware of how that voice in his head forms whispered words for his conscience, the last tip over the iceberg that sends him over the edge with a soft moan.
“I don’t—”
“Good afternoon indeed,” Azazel murmured, bringing the cigarette to his lips and inhaling, the end of the brain tablet glowing an embery orange. As he brought the cigarette away, he blew a slow stream of smoke into the air, and Castiel tried not to flinch.
In his duster coat pocket, a small object that Dean doesn’t think much of anymore bumps against his hand. He curls his fingers around the strangely cool metal and pulls it out.
“To whom do I owe the pleasure of a visit from the Sheriff?” a voice drawled from the front desk.
Benny says genuinely. The soft tone in his voice eases Dean, and he relaxes, suddenly feeling fond.
Dean grins, glancing to the side at the man. “Yessir. I’d do anything for that kid.”
When he fell forward and into Castiel’s arms, Castiel caught him with his lips, breathing in his firewater-tinged breath with sweet relief. Most of the tension that had been weaving itself into Castiel’s shoulders began to ease as Dean pushed back, licking into his mouth to press himself further into their embrace. Their touches held all the
Cas stares at Dean’s photo for a long time — so long that Dean becomes aware of how his arm unsteadies, barely quivering as he holds the camera.
Cas doesn’t believe Charlie until he sees the photo on Charlie’s tablet and the history on the blood pressure monitor itself. He takes Charlie’s tablet again, peering at the cuff around Dean’s arm and how the man in question is staring off to the side, mouth open mid-sentence and eyes squinted fondly.
He doesn’t even wait until the morning; it’s too dangerous. Cas seems on edge before bed, like he suspects Dean is about to do something, but he never says anything. Once Dean is sure everyone has fallen asleep, he ventures outside the tent with a kerosene lamp and writes two notes: one of resignation to his supervisor, and one of apology (for a hasty departure) and gratitude (for everything else) to Cas. Addressing their hastily folded fronts, he leaves them both by Cas’s hand, hoping he’ll deliver one and understand the other.
With the paper torn and balled up in the palm of his hand, Castiel felt every eye on the street burning his shoulders into his spine.
to be caught.
The golden pocket watch glints in the sun, drawing both of their gazes. Cas stares at it for a long while in surprise, having not seen it in many years.
Most of the time, Dean ends up falling asleep a few minutes later than he’s supposed to: he forgets about his journal until he pulls himself into his sleeping station, seeing it attached to the same anchor as his computer. Having already committed to filling out this journal, he always writes at least
After forcing down most of his meal and all of his water glass, Dean lets himself be pulled back into unconsciousness.
“I’d want you to leave.”
you’re right: because it follows the motion of your arm and relies on circular motion-”
.. because you knew it was
That being said, the weekend doesn’t end up going as planned.
Dean laughs half-heartedly. “I mean… technically, he
Dean finds himself alone that night, sitting at Cas’s bedside with nothing better to do, so he retrieves the watch that had been lying heavy in his pocket all day.
Heart fluttering in his chest, Dean feels it quicken, steady but shaking his entire being with its force, edging him towards a fight or flight response. Taking a deep breath, he revels in the sensation, scanning the stampeding herd within milliseconds as a calm settles over his mind.
Dean sits up straight, unintentionally being dramatic about how much attention he’s giving Cas to show that he’s listening. Cas doesn’t even notice, reaching for another swig of what looks like whiskey.
Castiel lingered in his drink, feeling how each droplet passed his lips. He was all too aware of Dean’s presence beside him, matching the steady calm Castiel was attempting to maintain. It was as if the man radiated heat, as if he burned to the touch; the thought almost made him reach out and see if it was true.
Frowning, Dean drops his knife, reaching to turn off the stove. “Somethin’ up?” A trickle of dread seeps into the bottom of his stomach. At his foot, Blondie
Dean moved a rook, just short of being able to snag a pawn from Castiel. Unsure of what Dean was thinking, Castiel peered cautiously at the board.
Scrunching his face in confusion, Cas hesitates, probably debating whether or not he should ask what that means. In the end, he only raises his eyebrows and pushes himself off back to the main stretch of the station. Dean catches a floating droplet of water barely the size of a ping pong ball on his tongue to rinse out his mouth.
As his hand gradually increases its pace, coaxing him to his climax, his mind slips from the memory slightly, modifying it based on something he can most clearly visualize. Is it bad to think of the Bandit, when all the interaction he got was with the intention to heal him and clean up his wounds? Dean doesn’t even know what his full face looks like, but he can’t help but imagine the dark stubble rubbing against his neck as wet lips and teeth suck a mark onto his collarbone. Dean can’t even imagine what the Bandit could do with the amount of supernatural strength he possesses, how he could probably lift Dean with ease, and how Dean would grip onto his arms and feel how the muscles flex beneath his hands.
Sometimes he’ll watch a movie with Charlie and Ash. Sometimes he’ll simply float in the Cupola and stare out the window, watching the clouds and all their ever-changing shapes, scanning the landscape to see if he can recognize where they’re stationed over at that very moment. Whenever he can, Dean brings along his camera and photographs little moments here and there, whether it’s one of the scientists amidst their work or whatever they can see of the Earth.
When he trails off, Missouri waits a moment for him to continue before speaking up herself. “We’ve talked about this before,” she reminds him gently. “This is another memory with a negative, emotional connotation: every time you’re reminded of it, you see it from an emotional perspective rather than an objective one.”
Legs bare and fingers warm and slick, Dean began to stretch himself out — he was kneeling on the still-made bed, staring back at Castiel. Castiel held their gaze. He held their gaze as Dean bit his lip, tapering off his whimper with fluttering eyelashes and a pleased grin.
offered his hand, cleaning him up and offering his own hotel bed for the night. Cas is also the man who forgave Dean time and time again, forever adding onto the debt Dean owed him.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “I was speaking from an
to me, what are you talking about?”
“Did you sleep at all last night?” Sam asks him after, when they’re back at the camp and packing everything up. Dean shakes his head. “You should at least sleep in the chuckwagon for the first few miles. We need you functioning.” Dean doesn’t respond, but he’s too tired to argue. He might not sleep, but he has to remain the responsible one as the auger of the drive.
Benny agrees with amusement.
… he’d cross the ends of the earth for that kid.
Cas retracts somewhat into himself. “You don’t
Yeah, Dean is kinda stupid... it's okay, because we still love him <3
things.)
What’s worse is that no matter what Dean does, he
The desert night is cool on Dean’s face, but the bristles of a growing beard keep him warm, along with the insulation with which his duster provides. Watching the campfire in the distance, away from the herd, dimmed to a couple crackling logs, Dean begins to sing:
he said, and Dean kissed him.
There’s only a few clouds in the sky, obscuring the view of a few constellations, but there’s just enough moonlight that Dean can see the tiny figure of Joe in the distance get up and ride out to his post on the opposite side of the herd, freeing Luis for supper and bed. He ambles along the outskirts of the bed ground, lingering for moments at a time.
comes Benny’s drawl from the phone speakers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean spares a glance towards him. He can see his brother with fair clarity, which causes him to look up at the night sky. The moon is visible once again, though shaded with some smaller clouds; it still has not risen above their heads.
Dean winces. “Until yesterday, it was
“I’ll bet three.”
Cas raises his eyebrows. “It’s not that big of a deal.”
Pulse now rabbiting, he leans forward, pushing Impala as fast as she can ride in the direction Joe is supposedly stationed. He’s lucky that Impala’s the fast horse he knows, in addition to the fact the cattle are slowed by the weight that they have maintained over the course of the entire drive (with the careful calculation of distance Dean has made sure to follow exactly).
With a gesture from Sam, Dean looks over to the campfire again, seeing where Jo is sitting in Charlie’s lap. At first, nothing about this strikes him as unusual, as it is a position he’s seen them since the trip to Purgatoire Peak, and…
Technically, this can be taken in an entirely literal sense: due to time dilation, “time”, as a dimension, is completely and utterly relative. If you take a three-dimensional cube and hold it in front of yourself, without any depth—or, two-dimensionally—you will see a square; now, if you tilt it so that one of its corners is pointed directly toward you, the outline of this cube—or, its two-dimensional shape—transforms into a hexagon. In some strange, convoluted way, this is exactly what happens in the third and fourth dimensions rather than the second and third, though instead of a cube being changed by our hand, it is time being changed by gravity. In environments with extreme forces of gravity—directly beside a black hole, for example—what is only seconds to someone just outside the event horizon can be
Unfortunately, Sam cuts to the chase first. “Dean’s hots for the White Bandit.”
end up showing Garth the ropes, despite how everyone else in the drive saw Garth’s desperation as groveling and being a suck-up… though, it’s mainly because of how often Rufus complains about being too old to be going on cattle drives anymore that he acquiesces. At the moment, Rufus is content to let Garth do all the grunt work while he lays against a wheel of the chuckwagon, playing on his old blues harmonica.
Dean had pouted and stoutly ignored him, continuing to try and convince Bobby to keep the kid on barn duty, but all to no avail.
Dean was about to protest, about to chide Castiel on holding up his end of the bargain, but Castiel was already moving, slipping the leather strap that carried his canteen over his shoulder. Quick to untwist the cap, he held the water in an unspoken offering. As Dean reached for the canteen, the tips of their fingers brushed only for a moment, and Castiel had to stifle a sharp inhale to avoid flinching.
Dean looks up to see Cas approaching him, offering him a roll of bread. Dean takes it as Cas sits down beside him, digging into his own breakfast.
If he wanted any success in tracking the stranger, he couldn’t be obvious about it. Castiel fumbled with his sheriff’s badge, tugging the pin loose from the fabric and tucking it into the vest pocket just beside.
Dean juggles his phone as he tries to catch it. “As if, bitch. Go have fun at your meeting.”
Sighing, Dean reaches for a chair, dragging it to where he’s standing so he can melt down into its support. At some point, Cas has turned to face him fully, giving their conversation the attention that had been lacking between them over the past few weeks.
Cas hums, but doesn’t say anything else. For a second, Dean mentally reaches for something else to say, but then he pauses, wondering if Cas is actually comfortable with silences like these. The thought eases some remaining tension from his shoulders, and many of the interactions he’s had with the man over the past week suddenly start to make more sense.
Though his shirt—while unbuttoned—remained on his arms, sleeves rolled up, Castiel felt the bed frame creak under his weight as shifted onto the bed behind Dean. Everything about Dean was enticing. Every once in a while, a break in the clouds would have moonlight streaming in through the window, bathing Dean’s skin in a softened light; unable to resist, fascinated by the little sounds Dean was already making by putting on a show, he lightly set his hands on the man’s waist, leaning down to caress that golden skin with his lips and breathe in his scent.
Thus, it becomes a relatively rare occasion that Dean has the time and energy to release himself. When he happens to wake up in the middle of the night and lie there for long enough that his mind wakes to a hazy state, the way his groin presses against the ground enough to convince him, he decides to get up and leave the tent, heading for the patch of vegetation most of the workers end up relying on as a source of privacy from where they are with the railroad now.
Cas, who has anchored himself to a grip bar at the junction between Tranquility and Leonardo, blinks at Dean. “Running in the morning has many health benefits.”
His shoulders unconsciously tense.
(Needless to say, the strategy didn’t seem very effective.)
… how much firewater has he had?
Feeling like he’s drowning, like he can’t get enough oxygen in his lungs and
“You’re ridiculous.”
South of the bed ground, Dean finds a washout sliding into some shrubs. Garth must’ve been too tired to notice it, and Sammy was posted on the other side of the herd, but the figures at the bottom are none too difficult to discern.
“Pride is a deadly sin,” he jokes weakly, but he can tell both Charlie and Sam can see through him.
It held his lungs in an iron grip, keeping air trapped in his chest and dizzying him.
Where did the stranger come from?
Benny barks out a laugh, cutting him off.
however…
Not seeming too disheartened by Castiel’s move, Dean shrugged. “I knowingly tainted the good sheriff of Heaven.” The knight clicked against the wooden board as Dean claimed Castiel’s bishop, which had evidently fallen perfectly into a trap.
“Sammy, your shift is soon.
The proton storm feels like it lasts forever. The area where they shield themselves is cramped for six crewmembers.
Benny drawls, but he’s smiling lazily, which is of some consolation to Dean.
The stranger seemed to know exactly where he was headed, not hesitating once in his step. When Castiel was sure he saw the stranger enter the saloon, he lingered back for a while, steadying his breath.
During the creative process and while the pizzas are wrapped in foil and baked, Dean keeps his camera near him, taking pictures of how Ash streaks tomato sauce across Charlie’s pizza and calls it a
. Almost unconsciously, he balls his fists.
, and you know what she told me?”
Then again, because he’s
Turns out, it happens not long after they return to the ranch.
“You may,” he whispered.
Shaking away the smoking match before the flame could singe his fingertip, Castiel tossed it away and circled around his desk, warily eyeing if there was any new paperwork haphazardly tossed onto its surface.
“... Frustration?” Dean tries after what has definitely been at least two minutes.
but he’s hyper-aware of how Cas’s lithe fingers pull up his t-shirt sleeve, how those strong hands wrap the blood pressure device around his arm and hold his wrist.
Since a lot of Dean’s personal work has to do with the rocket design itself, his main “job” is to pilot the station, as well as to conduct the research projects sent up with them. So, with nothing better to do after lunch, he heads back to their docking station to unpack cargo with Charlie in tow.
, I—” He feels his voice about to crack, so he stops speaking instead. Padre must realize that Dean still has something on his tongue, for he stays silent, letting Dean gather the rest of his composure to whisper: “
“Hah.” He takes a sip of his drink. “You remind me a lot of how I used to be.” Dean doesn’t know how to respond to that, so he lets himself listen to the melody that drifts from the piano.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had his head tilted back, lips wrapped around the bottle and Adam’s apple bobbing when Castiel reached over to push down the liquor.
Dean looks to his friend for a second opinion, but Charlie simply shrugs.
Impala's head is bent toward her master, peacefully nibbling on the richer grasses at her hooves. Her ears twitch and she swishes her tail in lazy contentment.
Dean repeated, surprised yet amused. His gaze drifted away in a haze as he thought. “Play chess.”
It’s not often that they get time to themselves. If they’re not at work, then they’re eating with the rest of the troop, or they’re crammed into tents like sardines trying to get some shut eye… and Dean is personally not so tactless to take care of himself in those kinds of conditions.
“Hey, Dean?”
Dean’s footsteps had stopped just behind Castiel, and he was only a breath away when Castiel finally turned around. His pretty eyelashes were fluttering against his cheeks as he swayed forward, almost as if he was drawn to Castiel in the same way Castiel was drawn to his enigma.
“I actually used my words for once, so you should at least make an attempt, too,” Dean murmurs as Cas continues to attack him, peppering the corner of his lips and his jaw and his chin with little kisses, twisting Dean’s face this way and that between his hands.
Castiel blinked back at his reflection in the dingy mirror propped up against the wall. He ran a hand back through his dampened hair, seeing how shorter strands curled back up when not forced down.
Fractionally, Cas’s eye’s widen, and the blood drains from his cheeks. “Please don’t ask me to leave,” he whispers, and Dean’s heart shatters.
He never understood where the lines were drawn, never understood what was just a friendship or just a fling or simply nothing at all. Dean had never really cared much for it before, content with busying himself in his work, pleasuring himself with whoever held an open offer.
Dean shrugged. “Just passing through. Heading up East for a little while, and a little slice of Heaven is right on the way.”
And thank the heavens above, the drunk narrows his eyes before allowing himself to be dragged away by another patron.
Cas laughs, and Dean smiles when he feels one of the hands traces up his neck, running fingers through his hair. He leans into the touch, reveling in the presence of his beloved.
“So you help the weak and the needy?” he jokes instead, pressing down the bubbling emotion that began to froth in his chest as soon as his train of thought went a bit too serious.
Over the next period of days, despite the fact that he remains at Cas’s bedside for most of the time, Dean relents to the persistence of his family and goes on at least one walk a day; really, it’s good for him, and every day he can feel himself growing stronger.
The last straw is the black eyes. Dean is lucky he even detected them in the first place. It’s not even a new worker: though he stays in the shadows, eavesdropping, he can tell right away that his associate is not the same. The way the air crackles—like there’s a disturbance in the force of nature—launches Dean back to before he ran into hiding, before there was no turning back.
They sit in what is only a mildly awkward silence, because Dean truly does not understand how to address situations like this (and luckily, Sam’s known him long enough to understand this facet of his brother’s personality).
With a rare half-smile, eyes softening ever-so-slightly, Pay-ati responds in kind before leaving Dean by himself.
… when he’s ignored it this long.
“How long would you like me to stay?”
, like Sammy said—but it’s like a dam is about to burst and there’s little he can do to stop the flood. “Okay,
, something inside of him screams. “But… all that I’ve done, the person that I am… I care about him too much to burden him with someone like me.”
Cas hesitates. “Goldfish crackers.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Split into broken pieces, the golden pocket watch flies through the air, catching the morning sunlight and reflecting it back like the winking stars of the night… and that’s the last they ever see of Eusolis.
Cas repeats the test only to deepen his frown and write down the values anyway. “Are you sick?” His expression is now laced with concern. Dean’s heart rate remains elevated purely out of shame at this point.
“You love it,” Dean tells him.
“I wonder if he’s doing it for revenge,” Charlie muses, surprising the brothers out of their argument. She’s staring at the fire as she speaks, the flame dancing in her eyes reminiscent of her boyish, burnt-red hair. “I once heard somewhere that he lost someone, long ago.”
The scars Dean had mended time and time again, in his own bed and around a campfire, are gone now, as if their presence had only been dreamt. Dean wants to prefer it like this, prefer every trace of Alastair’s abuse disappeared from Cas’s skin, but at the same time, it erases all the careful work Dean had put into cleaning and stitching them up. He traces his fingers over his forehead and over his cheek—delicately, as if any more force would break Cas—in the phantom memory of each gash.
It has been a while since he’s fucked a girl: sure, he had intentions, but they never seemed to work out. It’s been a while since he’s held breasts in his hands, feeling the soft squish under his fingers, overwhelmed with the breathy moans in his ear as he fucks up into her, dragging her hips down onto his cock. The thought makes him thrust up unhurriedly into his own fist, his hips pushing forward off the tree he is otherwise pressed against.
Sometimes, Dean’s cohort is tasked with traveling up ahead when they reach especially tricky terrain, shovels and pickaxes in hand as they smooth the ground down for the tracks. Most of the time, he’s by the cargo carriage, carrying heavy wooden slats with Cas and lining them up on the flattened ground that had been prepared days before, while other men secure them down in the dirt and lay the iron rails on top. Ranch work is no walk in the park, but this heavy lifting and constant labour burns different muscles in his arms and back. The first night after a long day out at the railroad front, Dean slept like a log — which he knows only because he was immediately singled out as the newbie, waking up with crude doodles and extra but unappealing facial hair drawn with ink on his face in the morning. Even the day after, much to everyone’s amusement, there were still traces of the art, no matter how many times Dean washed his face with soap.
Dean repeats in disbelief.
be just a little irritating, especially considering Benny’s lack of mobility. As it turns out, Dean
, Cas:
” Sam mutters under his breath, and Dean whips around so fast that something cracks.
Dean had single-handedly destroyed the White Bandit.
a traitorous part of Dean’s brain brings up. Shaking himself to stop that train of thought, he picks up Benny’s experiment and guides it into the station.
“Not at all. You’re a smart man, Winchester.”
“Burning, on the inside,” he informs Dean. “It is still healing. Only some of us are still here: everyone else rode back to the ranch.”
the path before him. He’s still hesitant to take the first step forward, but a start is more than what he had before.
Cas watches them go, and Dean has to remind himself to exhale by the time they reach the nextdoor laboratory.
Dean exhales. Were it any other time, he might’ve considered the offer, but right now, he has too many other things on his mind… and Dean doesn’t want to risk thinking too hard about the nature of their…
“Aight, so…” Dean starts off, sauntering into the ring of conversation, “Sunny and the old geezer are out with the herd now… we missin’ anyone?” While everyone glances around the circle, Dean does a mental headcount:
Stepping inside the Haven Hotel, Castiel was greeted with a cloud of smoke, and he briefly considered if he preferred the heat outside. He scrunched his face as the stench first assaulted him before he steeled his expression and continued forward. Why anyone in their right mind would purposefully create such an uninhabitable environment such as this in this heat was beyond him.
But it’s
Speaking of Sam, Dean had actually tried talking his brother out of going too; after hearing about all the stuff that goes bump in the night that really does crawl around in the shadows (not to mention the fact that all those unusual thunderstorms are apparently demon-caused), he was hesitant to let Sammy outside of the safety the ranch offered. Of course, the bullheadedness must run in the family, because Sam also comes along for the ride anyhow (… after Dean made sure that he will have plenty of anti-demon protection on him at all times).
take a look at this
Before, Castiel was powerful. He was
And if he reveled in the triumphant smirk that took over Dean’s lips as Castiel moved to unlock the cell, there was no one present to witness the event.
And that’s it: that’s his snapping point. He’s not sure if it’s because the pie itself feels personal, like Cas is turning up his nose at something Dean’s mom had put so much love into, or if perhaps it is an accumulation of everything that’s happened, with Cas’s air of nonchalance being the final straw.
“You’re an asshole,” Dean says behind a grin, and Benny’s laugh rings warmly from his speakers.
Dean’s words ignited something within Castiel, sparking to life as he furiously tried to discern the battle raging in his head. There had been occasions he’d heard whispers of relations between men — voices full of scorn, expressions unsuited to the truly faithful. For as much love that was donned within the chapel walls, there was a lot of something more like hatred within Heaven.
“Cas says he got a little behind dealing with Crowley,” Charlie fibs smoothly, adjusting the blood pressure monitor in her hands to avoid suspicion. “I told him I could help out a little.”
everyone say
he whispered, words warm on Castiel’s lips. Dean was so close that he was all Castiel could see, eyes drawn to the pretty lips that barely moved as he spoke. If it weren’t so dark in the room, Castiel could probably count every freckle on Dean’s face.
“Listen, buddy: I’m tryna work on my gratefulness, here. Is it working?”
“How so?” Castiel moved a pawn, a safe move, something to get the turns moving along.
Agreeing that the hole is deep enough, Dean heaves himself out, dropping his shovel and making his way back to the camp. Almost all the shoot is sitting there, waiting, so Dean goes to carry Little Joe again, holding the boy with a tenderness he surely didn’t experience since was a mere babe. Sam grabs the hen skin and they all make their way back to the oak tree in mournful procession.
—and we don’t want to see you suffering because you can’t do something as simple as talk to each other.” He pouts for a moment. “You
Panicking, Dean’s gaze flickers around them, making sure that no one else is in listening distance (they’re not: the rest of the troupe is sitting around the campfire, finishing their supper and chatting). “
Benny teases him, and Dean laughs.
Cas pouts at nothing in particular. “Mine?”
Though the docking mechanism is entirely automatic, both Dean and Cas keep a close eye on its progress, ensuring that everything continues to run smoothly. They’re back in their suits—a necessary precaution in case of the slim chance that something goes wrong—and waiting for Dr. Meg Masters, who is already aboard the station, to pressurize the vestibule between their spacecraft and the station itself. Once it’s confirmed that she’s started the process, Dean and Cas change back into their more comfortable outfits once again.
in the photo. No, that’s not it.
During one of the occasions Cas monitors her scheduled exercise periods, he mentions Dean’s abnormally high heart rate in passing.
At first, Dean spends as much time around Cas as he had when the man had yet to wake, but it also gives him the time and space to think. In fact, the longer Cas stays awake, the more frequent he’s aware, the less time Dean spends around him.
like… you don’t have to—”
When Castiel tipped his head slightly, Dean’s jaw tensed before he finally gave in. His movements were almost hesitant as he leaned forward, and he couldn’t meet Castiel’s eye as he handed over his drink. The bottle was set to the side immediately.
Castiel did his best not to flinch.
“And don’t worry, I’ve already called AAA—Oh,
It looks like the man is about to say something but is immediately interrupted by someone stumbling into him and sloshing their drink all over the man’s coat. The man stares down at his coat with resignation, but their new guest starts swearing at him.
“Ad there were no dead?”
realized he’s in love with the man, how is
The stranger wasn’t young, but he was young enough to be trouble. His vest hung open and his shirt sleeves were pushed up to his elbows, but his forearms were covered in a layer of dirt to protect him from the sun. Though his bandana was tied at the front, the top of his shirt was unbuttoned, airing out his chest. With one hand, he removed his hat and ran his fingers through his hair with the other.
“I used to be obsessed with those movies as a kid,” Dean admits as he’s drifting with some vegetables. “Almost went into archaeology because of it. I’d steal one of my dad’s hats and I got one of those shitty toy whips one Christmas that I ended up losing in a tree a few weeks later.”
His nerves, on the other hand, felt like metal buzzing in a thunderstorm, waiting to be hit by lightning. They simmered under his skin, crackling with every exhale and magnifying his pulse so that he was aware of his every heartbeat. Castiel tried to gulp it down, restrain the excitement that coursed through his veins, but all he could feel was how his Adam’s apple bobbed, how the movement created a ripple of that crackling energy down his chest.
It’s difficult to leave. This post was meant to be a temporary, throw-them-off-his-scent kind of job, but despite the group moving sluggishly down the in-progress Santa Fe railway, he grew familiar with the people here, he got attached. It’s difficult to keep his back turned as he tightens his saddle bags on Impala’s saddle, double-checking his coat pockets for his ballast, the pocket watch, and the Colt. It’s one thing leaving them, but it’s another knowing he’s leaving evil incarnate within their midst.
gotta know somethin’ about him.”
“I should just make you take an Uber,” Dean says.
“Something wrong?”
“It’s common courtesy,” the stranger explained upon spotting Castiel’s confusion. He breathed out a laugh when Castiel sighed and looked away. “Could I at least ask for your name in return?”
And to make his first impression any worse, he pats their grasp with his free hand and
Blushing, Dean stares down at the hand he’s holding and gives it another kiss. “In comparison, there’s not much of it left,” Dean murmurs, because damn him, he can’t accept the way things are for
Garth shakes his head. “Never came ‘round here. I thought he was out with all y’all.”
Charlie—who’s now leading them to the galley in Unity—looks at Dean and raises an inquisitive eyebrow. “Dreamy one, isn’t he?”
Cas’s brow furrows. “I don’t think—”
Benny, on the other hand, looks mildly unimpressed. “You’re sharing the next five months with him, brother.”
All the while, Charlie is grinning ear-to-ear, barely resisting simply bursting out into laughter.
The plate slams down louder than Dean intends on the nightstand, and a smug satisfaction flickers across his conscience as he sees Cas jump.
Garth already has a bowl of beans and bacon ready and waiting for him; he’s not the bean master yet, but ever since Little Joe took his job as the wrangler, he’s been following Rufus—their official cook—around in an effort to apprentice under him. Rufus—who’s an old friend of Bobby’s—is a cranky old bastard, but
The man chuckles, and Dean bristles defensively.
anything from me either, not even my hope. Fast as the wind, though. Like he doesn’t weigh a feather.”
Castiel spends all of his time in the chuckwagon, too weak to ride a horse for the entirety of the trip. Dean maintains his distance, letting Impala lead at the front of the party while they ride and keeps primarily to himself while they rest. It’s a long and slow journey, but everyone’s tired, so no one immediately picks up on how neither Dean nor Cas speak, how they don’t sit together and don’t sleep by each other’s side.
Not to mention the fact that the townspeople had seemed to grow only more disdainful of Castiel’s mere presence. Long had it been since he’d attempted to seek the reason, attempted to mend his public image.
“Whose demons are we talkin’ about now?” Charlie barges in, thank the heavens. Dean shoots his brother a dirty look before shifting to allow his friend some space.
“Why Heaven?”
There is… a
There’s more groaning from the bed, and Dean hopes that someone heard him, because he’s turning back around, making his way back to Cas before the door opens wider. Pay-ati is rushing in with Mary in tow, and Dean is stuck in the middle, unsure of whether he should return to Cas’s side or retrieve something.
As if on cue, Ash’s head pops up upside-down from Harmony. “Someone say pizza?”
“Maybe the prairie fire?” Cas begins. “That night we first met.”
“For what?”
he huffs, mostly frustrated with himself. “I try to drop it, get to know him better—
) is because the original character in this chapter is based directly on the character in this folk tune.
He rolls his eyes. “I’m not so sure. If he found out it was in his name, he would probably be disappointed that it wasn’t something more… memorable.”
Though Dean set the pace and held it back, Castiel began to meet him in the middle, pushing Dean down onto himself. Dean would cry out, a high-pitched whine stuck in his throat, and Castiel would only tighten his grip, addicted to the pretty flush and euphoric expression that adorned the other. There came a point where Castiel found himself in control, thrusting up into Dean with increasing intensity and chasing the imminent high that always seemed only a breath away.
With his voice golden and sweet like honey, Castiel suddenly understood why Dean reacted the way he did when Castiel had repeated his name. “I think I could put it to good use,” he added lightly. Finger pausing in its motion, Dean gazed up at Castiel through his eyelashes.
“What?” Azazel smirked. “Don’t believe me?”
Rolling his eyes, Benny laughs softly in disbelief. “Is this me being the mamma bird, kickin’ you outta the nest? We already went on the first mission together, but the other four will still be up there. You’ll still have to deal with Charlie, Ash, and those other two with Roscosmos. This
end up sleeping in the chuckwagon when they hit the trail again, and if he sleeps through lunchtime, then no one has the heart to wake him.
Content to simply watch, Castiel let Dean work to unbutton and loosen his pants. There was a certain reverence in his gaze, taking in the shape of Castiel despite still being clothed, and he leaned in to kiss him through the thin fabric of his undergarments. Castiel inhaled sharply at the sensitive contact and his fingers tightened ever so slightly in their grasp, but as soon as the instinctual shock wore off, he loosened his grip and pet down Dean’s hair in praise.
Breathing evenly, Dean centers himself. Despite having been up in space once before, he knows he’ll never get used to it. All of his nerves feel alive, thrumming with life as he zeros into Garth’s countdown.
’, for
Castiel finished in his head, glaring at the other man. He didn’t trust Azazel, and it wasn’t like he was terribly desperate to stay in his company either.
Cas nudges him gently. “I think ‘
The weekend is allotted for the astronauts’ relaxation and period to catch up on work. It is also the period in which shenanigans occur.
The stranger’s hat had been removed, leaving his short brown hair tousled with the constant combing of his fingers. A light blush of pink was brushed over his cheeks, the alcohol in his glass adding to the overall glow of the room. His voice was intoxicating, even if the unfiltered words spilling from his lips were almost enough to make Castiel roll his eyes.
Dean’s head whips up too quickly, so to play it cool, he reaches up to scratch his neck and tug at his collar. “Sometimes. That, and cooking. Just something to do in the little spare time we get.” He hesitates, still fearing abrupt silence. “Do you do any? Photography, I mean.”
Roscosmos.
Plural.
He peeks around his shoulder to make sure Cas hasn’t decided he forgot something.
“Hey,
Dean blinks. “Huh?”
Both he and Benny were supposed to leave for the International Space Station in
With Castiel having failed to react for such a long period of time, Dean began to pull himself away… only to be stopped by the iron grip on his sleeves. Castiel hadn’t noticed when his hands had flown up and held onto the fabric, but his fingers tightened their grasp around Dean’s arms once he was aware, anchoring him before he could drift away.
Mary turns to look over her shoulder at Dean. “He’s right here,” she tells Cas, not breaking her stare with her son. Dean gulps and finally steps forward.
Luís says a few words and a few prayers, giving the best service to the poor kid that he can offer. They bow their heads and remove their hats, barely listening to the words as they mull in their own thoughts. Dean is late with his amen, cuing him to take up his shovel again and bury the kid.
Castiel finished his drink. “I would not object to an offer.”
His breath was sweltering on his lip. Underneath his vest, his shirt clung to his chest, steadily soaking through as he boiled alive. There was a handkerchief in his pocket—he’d swipe it across his forehead and over his lip—but there wasn’t a thread that was anything but damp anymore. A bead of sweat gathered at his hairline, trickling down the back of his neck and tickling his skin, rolling down and down and down his back until it was absorbed by a part of his shirt that wasn’t already saturated.
This time, Dean’s silence is contemplative, rather than avoiding. It’ll take more than just a few words to lift the deadweight of his guilt, but for the first time, he feels like he’s been given a candle and a light, and he can
As soon as he’s gone, Charlie whips around to Dean and says: “I’m trusting you here. I don’t want to watch Zombeavers
“C’mon, Dean, it’s not
… The original was named
Dean hummed and nodded wisely, eyes fluttering closed, and then all at once—after presumably processing Castiel’s words—he let out a large guffaw. Castiel watched with mild concern how the other swung in his place with the force of his laughter, cut off with a surprised yelp as he slipped even closer to the ground. Then, he tried swinging forward, gaining momentum to curl up and pull himself upright.
He’s drenched in sweat, but he doesn’t feel like he’s trying to sleep in an oven anymore. Instead, it feels like he’s… under pressure, like there’s a blanket on top of him, but cooling in nature. When he rouses himself enough to roll himself over, to see what is causing the phenomenon, Dean finds nothing there.
Missouri nods in agreement. “I’m obligated to remind you that if it’s bad enough, I can still deem you psychologically unfit for departure.” Panic tears through Dean like a riptide, and though he knows he kept it internal, the look in Missouri’s eye means she knows
Dean seemed to have been genuine with Castiel so far, but he couldn’t yet find a reason to dismiss the sense of danger lurking in the back of his mind. Still overheated, he loosened his collar and unbuttoned the first few buttons of his shirt.
One of the warmer nights, when everyone is half spread out of their hen skins, sweating through their undergarments, Dean wakes up while it’s still dark outside. Because he sleeps like a log most of the time—especially working out on the railroad front—it surprises him enough that he lets himself blink his eyes open to become more aware of his surroundings.
He bristles. “If you’re implying that I’d rather—”
“But what about the last verse?” Dean persists.
“... Ask them how many fingers I’m holding up.”
“Yeah, but,” Dean counters, oddly defensive, “we believed the first bit just as much as those last verses before all this shit happened… what makes you think this can’t be true too?”
“I, for one, am glad that you came up here with us,” he murmurs, pointedly avoiding eye contact. His heart thuds in his chest, like it’s beating against the bars of its cage and pushing his entire body back toward the Earth.
diet, but then does shit like
“Well I’ll be damned: it’s my
While Castiel had served his position as Sheriff with a high respect of evidence and truth…
in the past have led him to lend a moment of thought to his intuition. So, as the whispers crowded his presence and the murmurs followed in his shadow wherever he went, Castiel grew more and more tense at the suspense for something unknown yet unsettling.
figured out that much at least… right?”
The entire cabin rumbles at first, like the air is dancing on his skin alongside his nerves. Then, when Dean is sure they’re off the ground, the flight smoothes out, and they start gliding. The rumble of the engines is drowned out from both their suits and their cabin, and all that surrounds Dean is the steady breathing from his copilot beside him. Every once in a while, Houston (Garth, usually) will pipe up and report the ship’s status, whether it be propulsion or trajectory or something else, but after a while, Dean notices that his own breathing has fallen into the same rhythm as that of the one in his ear — that, or Cas has done the same with Dean’s every breath.
“We got off lucky, this time,” someone ribs, and Dean has to restrain himself from punching something… or someone. Damn, was he ever this defensive about this topic before?
Cas looks to the front, biting his lip as if to quell his amusement. “If that’s the case, then you’re very welcome, Dean.”
Dean, who has reign over the intercom (much to Cas’s evident chagrin), floats between their seats and the screens displaying the flight path and stats of their ship, pausing for a moment before pressing to speak.
The final two songs in
“D’you even know what he looks like?” Benny suggests while Dean is still pondering an answer.
In the dim firelight, he sees Jesús (Jessie) pause in his laughter, catching Dean out of the corner of his eye. Dean freezes like an unsuspecting deer caught in the lantern light. Jessie’s work-earned figure is slouched against a log, relaxed by the booze running through his system, and an appealing amount of buttons are undone on his shirt, barely hinting at the dark hair Dean knows spreads wild across his chest. Grinning with his teeth showing, shining in the firelight, Jessie tips his head to the side—away from the crowd, away from the herd—beckoning Dean with an unspoken question. Dean’s heart trips over itself.
Dean hisses, already halfway out the door.
Dean took one last glance over Castiel’s shoulder and pushed himself into the room, tossing his hat off into some corner as Castiel followed in suit. Castiel had hardly stepped into the room when Dean shut the door behind them, trapping Castiel; frozen with shock, Castiel didn’t realize Dean was leaning in closer and closer and
“Does he miss me?” Dean asks. His chest aches slightly, haven’t felt Blondie’s soft fur beneath his fingers for what feels like forever, and his fingers twitch with the desire to reach through the screen and scratch behind Blondie’s ears. “Has he been crying for me in the night?”
“He could just be knocked out… possibly even lost,” Sam tries in vain to comfort his brother. Dean doesn’t even make a sound. “Like you said… we just have to wait until morning.”
No Star Wars, no Star Trek, no Interstellar… and those are the space ones! I’ve had to introduce him to my music, too, because all he listens to is Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff and all those other names I can’t pronounce.”
While Dean ends up playing a lot of
The floorboards creak under his footsteps, and Dean feels like his presence is too loud, too obvious. Exhaling, he pushes aside whatever uncomfortable hesitation remains and knocks on Cas’s door, letting himself in without waiting for an answer.
Every day is so tiring, so grueling to power through, that Dean hardly gets the opportunity to think about anything else, occupied entirely by work or by getting to his hen skins before he falls asleep elsewhere. There are a few evening meals that—once he gets used to the workload—Dean is content playing cards with the others, but there have also been times where he sits by himself, staring blankly into the fire as he shovels food into his mouth. At one point, he remembers the pocket watch stowed away in his duster and pulls it out, thumbing at the grooves and thinking with a sinking feeling that Sam and Charlie have most certainly returned to… whatever is left of the ranch, by this point. Luckily, Dean is thrown from dwelling on the guilt for too long when Cas approaches, and he stuffs the watch back into his pocket with haste as he greets the other with an easy smile.
Once they both finished, Dean laid on the bottom bunk, resting for a moment longer with his hands on his stomach. Castiel left him without a word, carefully washing his hands and brushing down his clothes to make himself presentable once again.
handle your car stuff,” Dean grumbles. “Okay,
Benny shrugs.
Dean has taken away from him.
” Cas’s gaze darts from side to side before resolutely landing on Dean. “What
“That is not everything, is it, mijo?”
“Says who?” he asked.
With slow caution, Castiel moved one hand to tip up the brim of his hat, allowing him to see the front of the hotel with more clarity.
“C’mon, Space Cadet,” Charlie says, bringing Dean back by nudging him into the handle he’s gripping. “That movie isn’t gonna be watched if these veggies haven’t been put away.”
” Cas gasps, pressing another kiss to Dean’s lips, “you didn’t want me anymore.” Another kiss. “I was… used up.”
“Mhm.”
“You don’t even know who’s following me.” Cas looks like he wants to argue for a second, but then he turns back to his food, chewing slowly.
Benny mentions, way too casual about the situation.
” Dean automatically shoots back before remembering that,
Everything had been decided for Castiel: it was the state that sent him off to Heaven as the new Sheriff. The few times he visited his family, they bemoaned that he was growing too old to be without a wife, that at some point, he’d have to pick one of the nice girls to whom he’d always be introduced.
As if sensing that he was being stared at, the stranger paused. He tilted his head and then turned to face the window, staring back as if he could see the bright blue eye from even that distance.
“There’s a set in my library,” Castiel found himself saying. The avoidance had become reflexive at this point, a desperate means to tamp down the wildfire, but Dean’s cockiness failed to wane even as Castiel stood to search for the game.
Dean ended up leaving at some point as Castiel was writing a monthly report to the state. Still, no words had been exchanged, but Castiel wouldn’t have known what to say if given the option.
Squinting at his readings, Cas relents. “Your resting heart rate is… unusually high for these conditions.”
Dean stops himself and sighs. “I just think they might be catching up to me.”
—one that makes him forget where to place his limbs and forget how to breathe, like his very soul is being analyzed and he’s reverting back to that fluid, energy-like nature—that completely distracts his attention.
“You think there’s no truth to them.”
Almost immediately, there’s someone by his side, coaxing him to sit up with support and drink from the cup at his lips. Dean thrashes (weakly) at first, but at the tone of the calming voice, he relents, letting the comfortably warm liquid run down his throat.
“My shift ain’t over yet,” he says.
Dean smiles softly as the camera shakes, Benny’s laughter gradually ebbing away into a comfortable silence. He returns to petting Blondie, who is now sitting across his lap.
She shakes her head. “No, no, I mean… There’s only half the amount of pictures of me than of Cas, and even less of everyone else.”
“If you’re gonna act like that when I compliment you, I should start complimenting you all the time,” Dean says.
“Dark and mysterious, I’d beg you as the type,” Charlie wheezes. Dean shoves her so that she almost spills her own bait.
“Dean Winchester,” he finally introduces himself, reaching over his desk to firmly grasp Castiel’s hand and shake it once. “It’s nice to finally see you
It’s not just the labour that takes some extra getting used to: cowboy duty includes a lot of spending time outside, but there is something really special about standing out all day in the summer prairie, sweating through your shirt so that the soaking fabric sticks to your shoulder blades and the small of your back. The early afternoon is miserable, where everyone tries to have lunch at the hottest hour, swarming to the shade like flies, but the worst of it continues, and they overheat in long clothes that protect them from sunburn anyhow.
Dean shakes his head. “He called into the meeting today, but he’s not flying in until the weekend.”
Dean laughs humorlessly. In all honesty, he almost feels like being saved was—in a sense—damning. At this point, there’s very little Dean wouldn’t do for the man; in fact, here he was, ready to sacrifice himself without any hesitation, just to make sure all the ones he loves would make it out alive, and Castiel is the only other bastard insane enough to do the same, and…
Then, there were the eyes: the older church women, staring as he left the chapel after morning mass. The young cashier, as he rang up Castiel’s weekly groceries. Even the weary traveller, as they caught his patrol while tying their horse.
So if Dean is colder at night in his hen skins, if he flinches every time he even hears Castiel’s voice… well, that’s all on him.
Water trickled down his cheeks like tears of sweet relief, gathering at his eyelashes and the tip of his nose to drip back into the basin.
A sip of his drink burned as it spread across his tongue and trickled down his throat. Castiel sipped at it again, grateful for the grounding effect it had on him. The burn hit his stomach as a warmth, scattering like a broken glass across the floor. Sensation cut into him, the wounds raw to the stuffy heat of the room and the bright laughter to his side.
Dean scrunches his nose. “And why would I do that?”
Dean laughs. “For this,” he waves his hand around idly, between them. “For letting me come along for work. For letting me have that conversation.”
“And why would
About a week into his stay, Dean pipes up that they should take turns playing music over their meal, just to make the occasion a little more lively. There are only a few clashing interests that pop up (mostly everyone groans loudly when Meg puts on something that sounds like pop, and the one time Crowley decides to switch up his usual taste to some heavy metal, Cas physically exits the node), but other than that, they’ll sing along (obnoxiously, of course) to some of the best hits and sometimes ask each other about certain artists.
The thing is, he’s also aware that he should speak with Cas, maybe try and find the right words to hash out some sort of agreement, but every time he tries to approach the man, Cas simply turns away, reciprocating the attitude Dean has been displaying; he certainly deserves it, but the action also makes it infinitely harder to mend anything between them.
“We rode down to Santa Fe, because it was faster,” Pay-ati breaks the silence, somehow reading Dean’s mind. Dean lets his gaze stray up to his caretaker and fellow cowhand. “Right now, we are in the St. Michal dorms.” So this was probably Padre Abascal’s room, or at least he had made arrangements for it. Some of the tension eases from Dean.
