Instead, Dean’s eyes softened with sadness, and he pleaded brokenly once more. “Go home.
Dean traced a finger just under the bite, making Cas shiver.
Anna sighed and smiled. “I wish I had a fraction of that energy,” she admitted to Dean as they followed behind.
“Cas buddy is it okay if I rinse them off first? Theres a lot going on here.”
John. Yes. That would be a good distraction. It only took one thought of what his dad would do to him if he ever found out that Dean was having thoughts like
Dean froze for a split second before melting against him. Touches like this were rare, and although he was definitely questioning this one, he didn’t dare interrupt it by saying something stupid and startling the angel.
Cas felt his next stupid comment form in his mind a split second before it came out of his mouth, but it was too late to stop it.
Cas must have noticed a shift in his expression because he reached out, hand freezing outstretched in the space between them.
“Oh really now?” Cas asked. His voice was low. Sweeter and quieter, as if meant to draw Dean in. Dean tipped his head to the side and was surprised to find that Cas was already looking his way. Even more surprised to find that there was a certain lust in his eyes. A want that Dean knew
,” he snapped, some of the bristling sass slipping back into his voice. It apparently didn’t take much for his walls to slam right back into place. “You’re gonna have to speak English.”
Their morning walks to school were easy and carefree. It became a habit of Sam’s to stop and wait for Alfie, who lived at the end of their street. Dean didn’t mind walking with them; they were energetic. Happy. They always came up with the randomest things to talk about.
Monday morning was so chilly, Dean’s run went much faster than usual, allowing him to get in a solid hour of studying before he had to leave for class. He finished his reading for chemistry and packed up his books, planning out his day. English first, then chem, then soccer. He figured he would swing by the library before practice to pick up a copy of Gatsby and start reading it that evening.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean grumbled as he tugged them on. Benny emerged holding a wavy black piece of silk, some cufflinks, and a pair of gleaming black shoes. He dropped the shoes at Dean’s feet and then looped the strip of silk behind his neck.
The teacher, bless her heart, stood from her seat that very moment and cleared her throat to begin the class.
Dean put on another layer of deodorant and then tugged on his shirt; the number 41 gleamed white on his back. Dean thought of Cas, probably, maybe, hopefully somewhere in the stands, waiting to watch the game. His stomach did a little flip at the possibility of seeing him again today, perhaps even inviting him to the afterparty? But no, for now, he needed to stay focused on the game ahead.
John’s boot stomps made the walls rattle as he stalked to the front door and wretched it open. He walked out without bothering to either close it, or to look back. Dean and Sam followed behind him like tied, helium filled balloons. Dean watched as his dad tore open the car door. He had barely slammed it shut before the engine was on and he was peeling out of the driveway, tires kicking up dust.
Turns out he shouldn’t have been worried about what he would say, because he was rendered speechless on arrival. He parked the Impala, and just as he got out, Cas appeared to greet him with a wide smile on his face.
“Have you handed it in?”
It took maybe twenty minutes of a vicious back and forth, but there was a well timed pass and Gordon, a player who joined last year, had a clear shot at the goal. He gave the ball a well aimed kick and it sunk past the other team’s goalie.
“Is this something to do with monster hunting?”
Somehow, he managed to make it through the class. He even took some good notes, but once the bell rang, he gathered his books and bolted to the nearest washroom, where he tugged the scarf down with a finger. He weakened with relief when he saw the dark ink still circling his throat.
She threw an arm over his shoulders in a quick and purposeful embrace before pulling back and scanning him up and down.
The last thing Cas saw before the pages were hidden was a large, red 2/100 circled in ink.
“No?” John asked icily. “
It was Dean’s turn to scoff now. “Don’t discount yourself like that, Cas. I swear, with that talent, you could have the world at your feet.”
“Benny man! You sure know your way into my heart,” he joked, dividing the macaroni into the bowls.
He never got to finish, because the man shoved at him. Hard. Dean stumbled, knocking back into Cas, who half caught him and half stumbled as well.
Castiel took a half step over the edge, the toes of his boots no longer on the ground, then spread his arms to match his wings in a gesture he knew would be called dramatic, and let himself drop.
“You did not tell me you had a brother at the school,” he protested. Dean didn’t fail to notice that he said nothing about the term
And suddenly that feeling was gone. Sure, maybe Cas was too good for him, but he wanted Dean anyways, and that counted for everything.
“Is that your dad?” Cas asked hesitantly. Dean didn’t miss the way his eyes flicked down to his ribs.
“Would you like to see my bees?”
It was a wild impulse, and Cas didn’t even stop to think about it before he gave into it. He pulled on Dean’s hand, tugging him straight back against his chest like they had been bungee corded together. “Don’t go.” Cas whispered into his hair.
“Balthazar. An old friend. Our parents grew up together. I’ve known him since before we could walk,” Cas explained. Dean seemed to accept this and in the lull, Cas opened his mouth to ask something of his own.
(Thank you once again to casuallyneurotic for straightening out my englishing wordy whatnot)
Dean curled his hands around his head as his father’s boot connected solidly with his upper back. His lungs spasmed and he gasped for breath, not caring how pathetic he sounded. John kicked him. Over and
Dean hummed, trying to keep himself together. “Well, I just showered, so I hope so.”
Cas sighed, flipping slowly through a rack of shirts. “I am dating a literal child.”
Dean scoffed at that and swung away from his lean against the car, opening the door in a practiced movement.
Sam gestured slowly to his pocket and the pieces finally clicked into place for Dean. He had a lighter. Rougarou were killed with fire.
“I want to know all about you Dean Winchester,” Cas picked off a grape and held it in front of Dean’s lips. Dean looked at him upside down and gently took the grape from his fingers.
respect instead of
“Glad to hear its going well Dean. Do I need to threaten him about breaking my brother’s heart yet?”
He took a long pull from the beer, trying to sort through his racing thoughts and come up with some good explanation as to why the resident angel wasn’t healing on his own.
“Stand down Dean,” Cas said with a half joking huff. “I just want to sit up.”
He saw the flex of Dean’s clenched jaw. He heard Dean say words, but didn’t understand any of them. He watched as the love of his life followed his brother and grandfather out the door.
“Great job out there man!”
and that meant something here.
He towelled dry in the bathroom, probably a little rougher than strictly necessary, and firmly told himself to stop being dramatic and just act normal. There was absolutely no reason for him to be tense and anxious right now.
“In theory yes. They are a reflection of my true form. It would speed my healing process to be in direct contact with the grace remnant.”
Cas and Hazel stood at opposite ends of the board, Hazel with a menacing scowl on her face. She must have thought threatening the opposition would work, and it did because it soon became clear that Cas was not that flexible and he crash landed on his ass.
Even at six, Castiel knew his brother was just saying that because he loved him and wanted to shelter him, but it was an impossible request. Castiel was no longer in front of a mirror, but the image was seared into his brain. All Castiel
Cas put his books neatly into his backpack and set it in the hall, ready to go for tomorrow morning. He walked back into the kitchen and filled a glass with cool tap water, leaning lightly against the counter to drink it.
“Yeah?” he responded sassily, already bristling for a lecture. Maybe she would kick him out of class and he wouldn’t have to sit here anymore, getting the cold shoulder from Cas. He had only himself to blame, but still, it was unbearable. God, he was so fucking
He waited until they were the only ones left in their little box room.
“What? Its faster this way,” he said, barely intelligible through his mouthful of food.
“Why didn’t they kill us?” Cas asked. He didn’t want to die, of course not, but in times of high stress, the wildest things run through your mind.
“Are you guys hungry yet?”
Sam yawned and then exhaled sheepishly. “Sorry, its been a day.”
“Okay...could you all please pull out your work and we’ll take it up?”
“Shh” Benny replied. There was nothing more to really say. He handed Dean a glass of water that hadn’t been on the nightstand before, and gave Dean’s shoulder a quick squeeze before he left the room.
“Perfect, see you then,” Cas said brightly. He rested his forehead against Dean’s for a moment, then pulled away and stepped back into his car.
Castiel’s heart dropped as his eyes adjusted, now clearly seeing the light sheen of sweat covering Dean and the sheets twisted all around him. He sat at the edge of Dean’s bed, close but not touching him, unsure of how to help and what he was wanted for.
Cas stood as well, but didn’t get a chance to respond because Dean had already started across the field.
“Nothing. I just can’t believe Hazel convinced you to dress up as the
“Oh sorry,” Cas said, letting him go and shoving his hands into his pockets. A dark watch gleamed on his wrist.
The boys and their angel had come here three days ago to investigate a string of pet murders, horrific events where the poor animals, usually dogs or cats, disappeared and were found within a few days, nothing but a pile of bones and wet fur. Sam immediately thought it might be a Rougarou, but he wanted to look into it some more. With psychos like this, it was important to catch them quickly before they moved on to something bigger, like humans.
Benny shook his head with a grin that spelled doom, and Dean followed him into the mostly empty change room for a well deserved shower.
Dean drove around for a while, enjoying the way the snow blew across the road from the fields lining it. After a while, he pulled into a parking spot downtown, then wandered along the shops. It was still cold outside, but the bitter frosts of winter had eased somewhat.
up, wildly alert and clearly ready for a fight. Cas took a step back and cleared his throat.
“Oh she’s real.” Benny trailed off, staring at nothing in particular and probably lost in thought, remembering his summer at home where he had Andrea close by.
“Everyone good?” Sam asked, tucking a gun into his waistband.
“You’re one to talk. She got you to dress up as a cowboy and she
Castiel tugged at Dean’s shoulders, intending to pull the man into another hug, but Dean let his whole body drop onto the couch in a limp motion like he had entirely given up. His head fell onto Castiel’s thigh and the closeness was not as reassuring as it should have been. Actually it made a huge pit yawn wide open in Cas’s chest. He wanted to pull Dean inside it and shield him from the rest of the world forever. Instead he ran his fingers in what he hoped was a soothing motion through Dean’s still damp hair.
“You buttered me up!” Cas accused. Hazel just giggled, not denying anything.
“Hi,” he tried again, voice already a million times stronger. “Mr. Novak.”
“Bye Cas, thanks for everything,” he said, hoping Cas would understand that he literally meant thank you for everything last night.
“Dude. I am not that entertaining. Or if by some stretch of the imagination I am, then take a picture. It’ll last longer.” Dean snapped, letting his voice drip with sarcasm. If he was trying to annoy Sam to distract his razor sharp intuition, nobody could blame him.
Dean stood transfixed in the doorway, a strange feeling curled warmly in the pit of his stomach. Within a few weeks, this man had wriggled his way into his life in such a pleasant way and he seemed comfortable there. So comfortable that he spent the night and didn’t bolt first thing in the morning.
The man looked up at him slowly and Cas’s lungs stopped working because
“Bobby!” he called from the cluttered entryway.
Cas led Dean up to a third floor, which turned out to be a finished attic. He really wasn’t kidding when he said Gabriel and Hazel liked to play. The walls were lined with racks, and the racks were crammed with so many random items of clothing it looked like a high school theatre dressing room got a professional makeover.
Dean smirked and tugged on Cas’s hand, pulling him into a thicket of corn that was obviously not part of the path. He didn’t give Cas any time to protest, just dove down and kissed him deeply.
for him to be able to swallow and keep his eyes on his desk. And, from there, his train of thought spiralled very quickly into worry and guilt. He wondered, grimly, where his dad had ended up. If he was still angry. If he was safe.
He was asleep before he had even properly settled into the pillow.
Cas snorted. “Well you could have come yesterday and then it would have only been one day.”
Cas watched him gasp for breath. His chest seemed to be moving unevenly, and Cas didn’t really know what to do with that information. He felt like he was in a war zone; Dean was giving off wave after wave of adrenaline and anxiety.
Dean couldn’t help but slowly look him up and down. He was wearing a deep jewel green suit with a starched off white shirt underneath and a black tie in a subtle striped pattern. His shoes had intricate details pressed into the light brown leather. He must have sprayed something on because he smelled intoxicating. Dean registered all this in the split second before he was pulled into a crushing hug
“Great actually. I got up early to finish studying for calculus. I ended up with this super strict teacher and I’d really like to do well,” Sam explained. Dean made a sarcastic noise. Only Sam could manage to sound so pleased about having a strict teacher.
“I’ll walk you to your car.”
“I’m not finished,” Bobby said gently. “Don’t you
“That one looks perfect!”
“I don’t believe in that crap,” Dean said snarkily.
“I’m going to have to stitch this closed since it won’t stop bleeding.” Dean said, inspecting the gash closer and realizing there was a jagged piece of metal about the size of his palm embedded in the muscle at the top of the wound. He pried it out as gently as he could and pushed his fingers against the opening in case more blood came gushing out, but none did.
“There are no rules against an angel taking part in an intimate relationship with a human.” Castiel cleared. He didn’t mention his mating claim, and the fact that if Dean didn’t want him, there would never be another for Castiel.
“Kinda,” Dean said shortly, leaving the muffin where it was. He wished Cas would just drop it. Now was not the time or place to delve into psychoanalyzing himself based on what flavour of nightmare his stupid sub conscious decided to serve up this time.
“I’m fine. Seriously.”
Castiel saw him, and pushed through the milling people. Once he reached Dean he crouched low and wrapped his arms tightly around him, raising him and spinning him in a tight circle.
“See you Monday in class?”
Cas inhaled, preparing himself to tell Dean that he didn’t want to pressure him into anything. To tell him that they could move at his pace, and take things slow. That they could just wait. Get to know one another. See if things took off.
Dean shot him a strange and worried look, and it was in the troubled green of his eyes that Cas suddenly remembered the moments before. The way Dean had denied him. Had ripped his hand away like he was ashamed to be seen.
Dean turned and found his face inches away from a pair of very pillowy, barely contained breasts. He eased back.
“Well don’t call when I’m nak-“ Dean cut off when Cas clamped a hand over his mouth.
There was an atmosphere of excitement in the change room, all the players were pumped and ready to go for their first game of the season. Home games were always wild; students came out decked head to toe in navy and white, waving giant foam fingers and sporting huge mugs of beer. The noise from the stadium could be heard as a low rumble in the change room.
could he have missed that? The dude was standing
“Sorry. I swear I’m usually much smoother than that. I must be nervous,” he admitted, then immediately cursed himself for saying it out loud. How much further could he sink into lameness?
Dean cleared his throat from the doorway and Cas looked up from the book he was reading. Peter Pan. It seemed like he was always paging through something now.
“Maybe.”
down for gaming on a lazy Saturday afternoon, but he wasn’t 13 anymore. His body no longer took sitting in one position like a champ.
“No coach.” The veteran members chanted as one.
Cas picked up Bal’s coke bottle, made obvious eye contact with him, and gave the bottle a good shake before setting it back down. Immature? Yep. Satisfying? Definitely.
He was right. There was nothing external going on. No bleeding scrapes or lacerations. And from a quick glance, it seemed like his back and chest and stomach had taken most of the damage. He had a couple blooming bruises on his arms, one on the front of his thigh, but the rest of him was in one piece.
Dean felt the stress seep out of him. Maybe everything was okay. Maybe he hadn’t hurt anyone too badly.
Dean replayed Bobby’s words of
exploring every inch of Cas.
“So who are you going out with thats so special you needed a tux?”
“Eight sir.”
Dean’s face soured. “There ain’t nobody here to hide things from,” He said firmly, leaving no room for debate. He shamelessly took Cas’s hand in his, giving it a light squeeze. Samuel gave Cas a hard, disapproving look, then shrugged indifferently. Cas didn’t miss the fact that Dean never invited them further into the house and they never removed their shoes or coats.
They walked side by side in the cool night air.
Cas smirked. “Deal. Now go measure out half a cup of oil and water and help me mix this stuff up.”
Cas slipped his hands underneath Dean’s shirt and spread his palms against his sides. Dean groaned and arched into the simple touch. Cas stopped kissing him long enough to pull back and look into his eyes. There was darkness there.
He pulled the mask down over his face and turned towards Cas.
And he hadn’t been lying. He fully believed his brother finally got some sense knocked into him and went out for some fun. If Dean was being honest, he was
Dean dipped a face towel into the warm water and wrung it out before moving back in front of Cas.
The vampire laughed, an easy and unbothered noise that flared anger inside of Castiel. Sam pressed the blade deeper, splitting open the pale skin of her neck.
Cas pulled away, dazed and breathless and bumped straight into Benny’s solid chest. Dean only laughed.
“That sounds lonely. Your brother too?”
“How are you really doing Cas?”
Sam finished putting away the groceries and ducked out to deposit the medical supplies in the cabinet before coming back to the table and setting three chilled beers on it. He pulled a very complex looking salad out of the bag Dean had abandoned.
Now he just felt sick, looking down at his mangled skin and absolutely
“Come on man. Throw me a line here. You want me to wallow in my self pity all night?”
Cole and a short curly haired girl shimmied closer and Cole grinned.
“I wasn’t expecting to be tied,” Dean answered evenly. There was weight behind those words. The weight of an extremely crappy childhood. The weight of too many stupid drunk nights spent at the wrong hands. The weight of a fear pushed down day after day for years.
“We can read the last chapter together? Maybe get our essay outlines done.”
Dean rested his fork onto his empty plate and sat back in his chair. “Cas we don’t have to talk about it.”
“Shut up,” Dean said, but there was no heat behind it. The air outside smelled crisp, like the promise of winter. Soccer season was coming to a close, and so far the team was undefeated. Dean was keeping up his grades. He was even up to date on rent payments and each month he had enough left over for groceries. Things were looking up, and Dean had never felt lighter and more carefree.
“You want to give me a massage?”
naked and moving, pressed together, but the words
Dean was staring at the page, a muscle ticking in his jaw. “Don’t know what that means,” he said gruffly, when Cas didn’t move on.
“Hey Deano I forgot to ask, are you a top or a bottom?”
in the stupid life of a hunter. It was cruel, unfair. He hadn’t breathed a word of his life to Cas, and yet he
“See mate? Different. I don’t know about you, but all the soulmate pairs I’ve ever known have had a period of adjustment at the beginning. Getting to know one another. Figuring things out. Maybe he doesn’t
The stark difference between his life now and the years he had endured with his father on the road made something harden in his heart. Made his will turn strong. Icy. He had something good now, he wasn’t about to let it go so easily. To mess things up again.
“Well, that would be Azazel, Richard, and Hester. Any objections or changes?”
He had always been a fairly thin kid, but now his body was
Gabriel nodded and finished off his coffee, standing and following Cas into the hallway.
“I - I’m so sorry,” Cas said, looking back at him like a deer in headlights. He placed a hand on Dean’s thigh as if to reassure himself that Dean was okay, but abruptly remembered they had company and whirled around to face Bobby. He stood from the couch like it was suddenly full of spikes.
“Staying out of trouble I hope? You’re not doing drugs?”
Dean frantically searched around, upturned boxes, tore open office doors. Nothing. He had no idea where John was, but it didn’t even matter.
Gabriel smirked again and his floating head disappeared into the hallway.
to do with him, and Cas didn’t dare try again. Not after having hurt Dean like he had.
“Ouuuu Deanie has a boyfriend,” Gordon teased, looping an arm over Dean’s shoulders.
Dean turned his head, prepared to give his best glare, but was taken aback slightly at the sight of Charlie. She had curled her long red hair and must have done her makeup a little more heavily because her eyes were much more defined.
They were halfway there when a red haired wisp of a girl caught up to them, camera around her neck.
Dean chuckled lightly. “My little baby feather.” He rubbed a hand down Cas’s back as far as it could reach.
Well that settled it. “Sure Gabe,” Dean chuckled. “If you really need me.”
From here on out, it was no longer up to him.
He turned. Gabriel was smiling at him, arm outstretched, three fingers held up in the
Castiel removed his other hand from Dean’s side, and the absence left a cold spot. He reached out and tentatively touched Dean’s collarbone, then the side of his neck, then cupped his jaw.
Dean wanted to protest that now was a good time when his stomach made the loudest most obnoxious gurgle. Cas snorted.
“What are you talking about? I haven’t found my soulmate yet. So, nobody.”
“Fine,” Cas ceded. “I’m gonna go order something seeing as you went ahead and ordered without me.”
“Are you happy?” The man asked, looking drunkenly up at him. His eyes were seriously very green and Cas desperately wanted to reach out and smooth down his wild hair.
Benny shook his head and took a silent bite out of his slice. He had mostly given up on training Dean to eat like a human. Mostly.
“You haven’t,” Cas said simply.
and Dean followed him through. It opened into an even darker room. There were foam gravestones stuck in the dirt floor.
“If you make it out in half an hour you get a prize.” She scratched at the straw bunches sticking out of her sleeves and passively turned to the people behind them.
Behold. The randomness is complete. The prompt where Dean goes to see Cas instead of Lisa comes from the lovely runnerfiveisacat and was supported by chthonic21. I’m not sure if this is what you were looking for but I hope you like it!
Castiel rolled his eyes. “They know me by —“ He closed his mouth when a bee landed on the corner of his lip, then flew away.
played through Dean’s mind. It blossomed and grew, then widened further when Cas slipped his fingers back into Dean’s hair, brushing the strands the wrong way, then fixing them again.
Dean watched as a gull swooped down at a fish. It came up, beak empty, and let out an annoyed squak.
“None at all,” Dean answered honestly. He had eaten with the Novaks enough to know that anything Gabriel made would taste like it had been blessed by heaven. Gabriel slid the next pizza onto his plate, a bubbling, cheesy flatbread sort of thing with various meats sliced on top.
“Depends, is it working?”
“I have to go, Cas. But… thank you.”
He needed to clear his head. They were starting basketball today, and Cas
Dean frowned and followed Benny into the bathroom, where he rummaged around in the cabinet for a minute before holding up a small jar triumphantly.
“Its been a fucking while,” James answered bitterly. Cas knew from a random crime show that he must have watched at some point that the chance of being found drastically decreases as time goes on.
“No,” Cas breathed out. “The opposite, actually. I meant it when I said I loved you. I have. Ever since, well. For as long as I can remember.” Dean looked up at him, his vulnerable, tentative hope written clearly on his face. Castiel refused to let it die. “I’m here, Dean. I always will be. Whether you want me or not, I’m here, and I’m going to wait for as long as you need me to wait. If all I ever get from you is… seeing you pass me by in the hallways, then that will be enough because I’ll know you’re okay.”
Hazel gaped up at Dean as if noticing him for the first time. Dean smiled nervously at her, unsure how to really talk to a child so small.
Remembering.
Dean nodded with a nervous smile and followed Cas up the thickly carpeted stairs and into the tall glass building. He was led to a cavernous room. Actually, it was so large Dean could barely call it a room. The floor sloped down towards a stage, hundreds of large comfy looking chairs folded down in neat curving rows.
He spun in place, dizzy with the overlapping noise of it all. Slowly, he backed up until he hit a wall and tried to steady himself. To calm down and think rationally.
The idea to have an argument comes from Cmccle01 and Sam and Samuel coming over comes from Why_do_you_want_to_know
Dean stiffened, even though he was the same height as his dad now. Even though he had filled out a lot this year and wasn’t exactly a waif that could be pushed around anymore.
The magic eventually takes it’s toll, and Cas becomes dark, soul fragmented, turning to human sacrifices in exchange for Dean’s protection. Dean gets wind of a string of killings, and once he and Sam track down the being behind it, he comes face to face with his lover, twisted almost beyond recognition, definitely beyond saving.
to stay by his side the whole time.
“Downtown,” Sam answered immediately, like he had this outing planned all along.
“I’ll text you the details then.” Dean answered, relieved.
Once the door to the bunker clicked shut, the atmosphere changed. What before was an easy morning camaraderie became a somewhat charged air with too many unspoken questions.
“Dean! Just the man I was looking for.”
“Thanks for coming Dean, it meant a lot to him,” He said honestly.
Dean refused to overanalyze this. To think about what this meant for them as people. Friends.
After cold showers, Benny and Dean walked together to the beach and tossed their duffle bags in a pile under a tree.
“This is…very nice,” Cas said after a few long minutes. His voice was like melted honey, thick and syrupy and slow. Dean hummed in agreement. Part of him had never felt so relaxed, the other part was running in circles screaming about how Cas was
By the time they exited the maze, they were all breathless and hoarse from laughing and yelling, and several of the workers gave them unimpressed looks.
“I’m not kidding,” Castiel mumbled into his coffee.
“Quit pigging out. Got another one for you.”
He resolved to just be as supportive as possible, to give Dean whatever it was he needed for as long as the man would allow, and hope wildly that it would be enough.
“Relax angel. I’ve got you.” Dean said in a voice that came out lower than he expected.
“So. How have you been?” He started, trying to sound nonchalant. They both knew what he was really asking.
“What’s the photo shoot about?” Dean asked from behind a mouthful of his third sandwich.
“I’m so sorry, Cassie,” Gabriel said against his hair, sounding just as torn up as Castiel felt. But no amount of
“Dean,” Cas practically growled, and Dean leaned into Cas’s shoulder, biting his lip to keep from smiling. He
was, yet being so connected to them his entire life.
He slid the phone into his pocket, then hopped over the back of the couch and into his spot again. Charlie and Bal were clearly in the middle of some argument. Hannah was shaking her head at them, a small smile on her lips.
Dean hesitated on the sidewalk with his phone in hand, then decided to hell with it and sent a short text to Cas as well.
“Everything wrong. Let too many calls go to voicemail. Forgot too many important dates. I let myself get so caught up with schoolwork and soccer that I let the woman I love start to feel unloved. She said I’m complacent and that I don’t care and don’t put in any effort anymore.” Benny turned to Dean, looking anguished. “And she’s right. She’s entirely right and I’m an
, Dean found he wanted nothing more than to gather Castiel in his arms and apologize. But school had been long over by that point, and now Castiel was colder than stone beside him.
“You’re telling me a stupid test is more important than keeping your father safe? You want me to
Once both boys were adequately stocked up, Dean grabbed a flashlight in one hand and a gun in the other, and they slowly crept up to the warehouse. The stench was nearly unbearable.
Gabriel laughed as he followed them at the regular ambling pace only an adult was capable of. He built them all burgers, making sure to leave the ketchup off of Hannah’s because she wasn’t fond of it. They scarfed the food down at alarming speed, barely tasting it, mostly just eager to jump back in the pool.
Dean grinned at him in the barely there light. It was a strange sort of thrill, to be somewhere you expected to be scared but not know when the scare would come. He was on edge, senses razor sharp.
“Go shower. There’s pizza in the kitchen when you’re done.” The words were significantly more gentle, but Dean didn’t dare disobey them. He spared one quick glance at John, who wasn’t looking his way, and hobbled up the steps into the house as fast as his aching, bleeding body would allow.
“Thanks for the offer, but I’ve gotta head out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
So, when a familiar horn honked and he turned to catch sight of the gleam of the Impala, it was no surprise that his stomach sank and a sense of impending doom washed over him. They were a house away from Alfie’s place, and Sam hadn’t noticed the car, or the honk. He looked as carefree as ever.
Dean lay there, blessedly numb for a long time before his limbs came back online one by one. He flexed his toes in his shoes, then bent his knees, straightened out his hips, and gasped all at once when his back shifted. He brought his arms up and wiped his face with his hands, thoroughly surprised when they came away without a drop of blood on them.
“Great game tonight guys,” Benny congratulated. “Good energy, great passes, good win overall.”
“Are you sure?”
A gleaming black Impala.
The thank you was for Benny’s unwavering friendship, something that hadn’t changed in the last three years and something that Dean couldn’t ever foresee changing no matter where life led them.
“No Cas I don’t mean logistics, I mean how are you going to get your wings out?”
for more.
“Oh I’m gonna crush you kid,” Gabriel answered. He downed the rest of his drink before handing the empty glass to Michael. True to his word, he performed some impressive acrobatics and Hazel eventually forfeited the game in a fit of laughter.
Dean turned to look at his team.
Dean nodded.
“Uhh,” Dean answered cleverly. Cas was serious. He seriously didn’t know. Had he never taken a bath before?
Cas laughed and scooped her up for a hug.
“Lets go eat,” Cas said cheekily, giving Dean a quick peck on the nose before removing himself from his arms. He jogged back to the blanket without waiting for a response and Dean chuckled to himself before following.
“I do,” Dean said firmly, squashing down the tendril of fear that rose when he realized Cas probably wanted sex before bed. He wasn’t completely opposed to the idea, but his body was exhausted and he really didn’t feel like going through that kind of pain right now.
Dean didn’t answer for a long time, and when he did his voice sounded far off.
“Actually, I came here to spend time with you. However that might look,” Cas interrupted. And at that, Dean went silent, because that
“Forensics. One day I’m going to solve crimes and catch the bad guys.” He had meant to be funny, but Cas nodded thoughtfully.
Dean could almost hear Sam roll his eyes through the phone.
“Oh I wouldn’t worry about it, they kind of have their own spaces.”
“My room is upstairs,” Cas said in a low voice when he was finally able to break away from the smooth skin at Dean’s collarbone. He let Dean free from against the wall and Dean realized only once the pressure was gone how hard he had been crushed. The show of force made his stomach swoop.
Bal smirked sheepishly. “What can I say? You should see him after he’s run laps.”
Dean let out a shaky laugh and Cas looked curiously at him, barely suppressing a smile.
Hannah cut in front of them both, grasping the edge with a whoop and a splash.
“Hello Dean,” Cas started awkwardly. He wasn’t sure if Dean was angry with him, hurt by him, or just plain wouldn’t want to see him.
Dean sank to the floor as if in a trance. Picked up the switchblade once again, feeling the warm and inviting weight of the handle in his right hand.
Dean drew the line, then plotted the two root points, correctly flipping the sign and putting them at 4 and -5. He then drew out the same chart that Cas had drawn and filled in the values, multiplying down the columns, then drawing in the answer on the number line.
out of the water a whole minute.”
His mind flashed back to all the times John had pointed and laughed cruelly at same-sex soulmates. He had always told both Dean and Sam that there was nothing more pathetic, nothing
“Thank you Castiel,” Dean said suddenly, breaking Cas out of his thoughts.
“No thank you,” Dean scoffed, half sarcastic and half pleased. He’d almost expected this date to go akin to a job interview. To be analyzed and scrutinized and judged, with a final verdict of whether or not Cas wanted to keep him or abandon him. But
Dean nodded again. The Asian, a tall sharp featured guy, and if Dean remembered correctly, a round faced serious dude.
“Oh I’m good. Very good. In Reno, about to get a massage. I found the cutest little spa here.”
Gordon wiggled, trying to shake the olive out. “Shut up dude, these things are so thick its like four stacked pizzas. This doesn’t count.” He got the olive out and flicked it back at Hester, but it missed by a mile and landed in an empty cup. The other end of the table found this very funny somehow and their laughter was so ridiculous Dean couldn’t help but join in.
He laced up his cleats and dragged a netted bag of soccer balls and one of pylons out from under the bleachers. Halfway through the setup, Kevin joined him on the field in uniform, ready to go.
Frazzled, Dean looked down at his page, where his grade was exposed, red and telling and glaringly obvious. He flushed deeply and snatched the papers in his fist, crumpling them up a little.
Cas is frantic for a couple years. He tries everything, literally everything, but eventually realizes traditional methods aren’t gonna cut it. He turns to magic. Witchcraft, demon deals, whatever he can get his hands on. He is hurt by the distance, but his only goal is to protect Dean and make sure he is safe. He doesn’t ever contact him, all his magic is used to give Dean a leg-up from afar. Dean attributes years worth of near misses as just dumb luck.
“Good morning, Balthazar,” Cas said, hoping he sounded friendly enough. He loved his friend, but at this very second, he didn’t want to see anyone. He didn’t want to be bubbly and happy and entertain anyone.
The thought, the possibility that maybe Cas saw him that way, didn’t bother him as much as he thought it would have. He felt oddly at peace instead. Dean snapped the album shut before he could get all mopey over it and quickly grabbed another one.
His stomach turned again at the thought, but he jammed his shirt over his head without looking at his shoulder. If it was still darkened with a handprint, he didn’t want to know about it.
Dean pushed his fingers back under the wing, digging through the feathers and finding a small bump that was slowly leaking oil. He bit the inside of his cheek and tried to control his breathing as he began oiling the feathers starting from where Cas could no longer reach.
“How are you feeling about the tryouts?” Benny questioned as they fell into step together towards the main building.
“What the fuck man?” Dean asked angrily. Cas’s throat felt suddenly too dry. His words choked their way out.
But what if Dean read it here, in class? What if the teacher saw the note and confiscated it? Cas had poured his heart out in those lines. The thought of anyone except for Dean reading his words was enough to keep him frozen in his seat.
The question was innocent enough, but it made John look older suddenly. More tired.
Dean rolled his eyes but put his bag in the trunk, shut it, and followed Cas into the car anyways. It was properly cold out with halloween just around the corner, probably not a good idea to stand drenched in sweat in the wind.
“Look what
“Do what?” Cas asked gently, wildly hoping Dean wasn’t breaking up with him.
Cas huffed, trying not to blush. “I think it’s automatic. Half the time I see you you’re shirtless. What else am I supposed to feel?”
“What are your terms?”
Sam huffed out a laugh. “It’s fine Cas. Dean is right. You should have something to change into so you don’t wear that trench coat all the time.”
Cas fed Dean another grape. “So how did you end up living with Bobby then?”
Dean sighed, thinking to remind Benny that he didn’t have to help with cleanup anymore, but he knew it would be a useless argument. The boys had gotten into a habit when they lived together in their first year at uni. Benny would always wash dishes, and Dean would happily and regularly clean everything else if only he never had to touch said dishes. Some habits die hard.
Bobby rolled his eyes. “That was
“I am a beach virgin,” Dean admitted with a grin. He held a hand out to Cas, who took it gladly and let himself be tugged straight to the water. The lake was warm washing over his feet, and Dean squeezed his hand, looking out at the horizon, completely amazed.
This was not good. It was SO not good. The pin had been pulled. The match had been struck. He didn’t know how to reverse it this time.
“Who are you?” Cas asked suspiciously.
Gabriel took a step back. Froze. Elegantly dropped the plate he had been holding and didn’t even flinch when it shattered on the floor.
One breath, then two, and Cas pushed off the wall to follow the monster. Because that had to be it. He turned the corner and slammed straight into the guy. Huh. Guess objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
Benny dumped both their duffle bags in the pile by the door, then slipped away, probably to find himself some alcohol. Someone handed Dean an unopened beer bottle, and he nodded thanks before twisting the cap off.
Cas was so hard his cock was jutting out, thick and full. Dean felt his mouth water at the sight, so when Cas crawled back onto the bed, Dean didn’t deny himself. He pushed Cas backwards and began a long line of wet open kisses down his chest. He lingered by his hips, pressing a kiss to each hipbone, then the delicate spot where his muscles went into the shape of a V. Cas was nearly panting and Dean smirked against his skin. He kissed the tops of Cas’s thighs, a shivery promise of what was to come.
It was only when a hard and
There was a chorus of noise from the siblings, some startled, some shocked, and Gabriel looked downright offended. Dean blew the fire out and pulled the charred marshmallow off, letting it drop straight into his mouth.
“Cas after all we’ve been through together I’d say we’re as close as two people can get.”
cool people on the planet.”
He scratched at the table with his pencil stub, something a little distant in his eyes. “You don’t always get a second time.”
sorry? Cas, I’ve been nothing but a jerk to you. I don’t deserve to be in the same
“Fuck you all. I do my best and this is what I get for it? I have a demon to hunt, and since it’s clear I’m the only one that ever loved Mary, it looks like I’ll have to hunt it down on my own.”
“Castiel wanted to show me his bees.”
“Where were you all day?” Balthazar asked, raising an eyebrow like Cas’s schedule was his own fault.
,” Dean gritted out.
“What happened?” Cas found himself breathing out, voice full of concern and sympathy.
“No Cas, I don’t believe you. Its been weeks man. Its eating away at me and I hate that I’m the one that did this to you but there has to be something that can fix you.”
“I don’t know Cas,” He said after a moment. “I’ve never really done this before.”
“I’ll see you at 1 then,” Dean smiled, trying to sound suave and definitely not at all flustered or overeager.
shoulders, the bulge of a bicep, tanned skin, hundreds of little freckles on his arms, and...a bandage?
He shot off responses to them both, promising to find them in the cafeteria if they didn’t end up having any morning classes together. He had seen his friends nearly every day the entire summer, but he was still looking forward to seeing them again today. Despite how he tried to look, he was nervous, and the adrenaline surge this morning definitely hadn’t helped his day-one jitters. Seeing a familiar face would definitely help.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How should I spend it?” Dean asked, running his hands as far down Cas’s chest as he could reach.
“With your dad?” Cas pressed.
Cas hummed in agreement. “Well you asked a difficult question.”
Cas was there, in his arms, miles and miles of naked skin against his own. He couldn’t breathe, but he was breathing too fast. His heart was skipping beats, but also fluttering out of his chest. His mouth was dry, his lips were wet.
“That sounds really great Cas. Is 5 okay?”
“Oh perfect! Everyone is here,” Gabriel said as he walked along the path. He looked ridiculous in a chef’s hat and a heavily floured apron. It may have been dusted white, but the red lettering that read kiss the cook was unmistakable. He set down the two large bowls he was holding and removed his oven mitts.
Then there was a photo of a man Dean didn’t quite recognize. There were enough hints of the brothers, the shape of his jaw, the tilt of his eyes, for him to peg the guy as Lucifer. In the photo, he had his hands shoved deep into his pockets. His face was a mask of seriousness, like someone had told him to
“Nuh uh don’t you dare say you’re fine. You’re sitting there looking all constipated trying to hide your pain but dude, you suck at acting.”
It was shallow, barely below the skin, but even so the pain was nearly unbearable. Cas clenched his teeth and kept going, When the skin was too much of a bloody mess to see, he turned on the tap and finished the rest under gently streaming water.
He flattened both palms against Cas’s chest, then slowly,
He really should have expected proper danger to come soon. That was just the way things went when you fell stupidly for a hunter. A hunter stupid enough to take stupid risks and get himself into impossible situations.
“You guys played so well! Congratulations!” She yelled over the burble of the crowd.
Once in the hallway, Cas pushed Dean into the wall and kissed him hard. Dean dropped his bag in surprise but Cas didn’t let up until Dean was nearly breathless.
“Castiel, I’d like to see you too.”
“Dean you would need to touch my wings.” Castiel looked up at Dean, eyes full of shame. He looked like he was waiting to be laughed at or dismissed. As if he had just asked the most disgusting and inconceivable thing.
“You okay?” Dean asked, gripping Sam’s shoulder once he was free.
Dean shut the door and carefully lifted the bag off the hanger. He paused, looking at the suit gleaming darkly from the bed. It looked expensive, something he normally wouldn’t have dared come near for fear of ruining it. He touched a black silk lapel and marvelled at how soft it was, how pleasing the glossiness was against the absorbing darkness of the rest of the suit.
daily. Except...neither of his friends seemed impressed by his perfect form. Instead, Balthazar was staring at him with an openly horrified look on his face.
One song crashed into another and by the time the mix tape ended, the boys were sprawled on the floor, all danced out and gasping for breath between bouts of laughter.
“I was going to do my write up for my mock crime scene course,” Dean answered, trying to keep his words steady. It was hard with Cas pressed all along his side, warmth seeping through his clothes and the intoxicating scent of his skin filling his nose.
Raphael shook his head and smiled patiently. It appeared that after thirty something years, one could become immune to Gabriel’s antics. Cas and Dean took their seats and the brothers resumed their individual conversations.
Another head tilt.
Sam ladled some soup into a third bowl and gathered up his and Dean’s empty bowls, giving Dean a pointed look.
Dean picked up a dry leaf off the ground and crunched it in his fist. “I went to Hell and it wasn’t a walk in the park like I thought it would be.”
“Well shit,” Balthazar said, lips tight. Castiel shrugged, because there really wasn’t much else to say. His friend had pretty much summed it up. Not for the first time, Castiel was grateful that he had a tight group to support him. He knew he would have spun out and gone wild with anxiety long ago were it not for them.
Still, having a solid explanation didn’t help with Dean’s guilt. It didn’t help the sinking feeling that he had ruined his one chance for happiness – a chance he never imagined he would get.
Thank you to everyone who left kudos and commented and subscribed! You guys make me float through my day
“Yes Sam, I believe eating did help.” He lied, reaching into the bag and pulling out a second salad. He picked at it slowly, tasting it but not really eating.
He had just finished stirring the cheese packet into a pot of boiled Kraft dinner when there was a short knock and the door.
Dean grinned. “Yeah no kidding. Next time keep your hands off me and maybe we’ll be able to pay attention properly,” he joked. Castiel laughed and stood, pulling his phone out of his pocket to check the time.
Cas managed to make it to school early, and his thunderous mood of this morning had completely morphed into something closer to excitement. He was buzzing.
Cas was looking at Dean almost shyly, and Dean stepped aside to make some room for the angel, who slipped his wings away and stepped into the spray of water, taking the shampoo bottle from Dean. He squirted a small amount into his hand and rubbed it slowly into Dean’s hair, watching in fascination as it foamed. Dean kept his eyes fixed above the angel’s waist, knowing if he allowed himself to keep staring, then staring wouldn’t be enough.
made an empty threat.
Dean let out a short laugh. “Yeah dude its because you probably grew a whole foot since last year ended.”
After the last dare she gave me?” Balthazar shuddered. “I don’t think I’ll ever look at a grape the same way again.”
to jump into the thick of things with you. Maybe he thinks you
Dean was silent, watching the faint outline of Cas moving. He shifted things around, poured liquids, and did something with the large machine beside Dean. He was mesmerizing to watch. Or to
to be sorry but desperately hoped he had no reason to be because he
he would be useful.
The thought made his stomach flip inside out and it was a very good thing he had already thrown everything up.
“Pretty good, enjoying his weekend I think.” It sure seemed like he would be, if his note was anything to go by. Amara laughed. She had lived with Gabriel long enough to know the drill.
“Oh,” Dean answered dumbly. Turns out he worried himself over nothing, and the realization left him feeling strangely empty.
“They will grow back eventually, but it takes time.”
Dean sighed and followed Cas back outside. They walked at a leisurely pace to the hotel and up to their room. Cas turned on the oven and slid the pie inside, then put the ice cream in the freezer.
getting hurt.
“I guess the water is cold then,” Dean stated, eyes daring.
Dean’s stomach fluttered in excitement. He would finally be able to talk to him. Learn his name. Learn everything about him.
“Dad picked me up from school.” It was half the truth. “He took me on a hunt.” Another half truth. A better word might have been
“No way, is that a bathtub?”
Dean nodded. He did know that.
“Was there something else?” Dean asked after a beat. He was acutely aware of how naked he was. How naked Cas probably was under the towel.
think the soulmate thing was crap. How could he? After a lifetime of hoping and pining? Of imagining soft curls and warm curves, plush lips, of hands that would pluck him straight out of the horrors of hunting life and plop him down behind a white picket fence?
Sam perked up in the back and shuffled his books around. The nerd was
“Not a big deal, I got scratched and didn’t want it to get infected from being open to germs. It’s not as bad as it looks” It wasn’t entirely true. Underneath the bandaids, were angry little scabbed over scratches. They stung with each movement, a painful reminder of what he almost lost. What he could still easily lose.
When his dad cleaned the guns, Dean watched attentively. The next time John had cleaned them, Dean had wordlessly picked one up, disassembled it, gently wiped out the dust, refilled the bullets, and oiled it with tiny, careful fingers. The time after that, John had just dropped the bag on the table and pointed. Dean had already known what to do.
“I can’t believe soccer season is almost over,” he mused, taking a small sip of the hot cider.
Castiel thought as they tumbled around on the forest floor.
Castiel’s face lit up. “I’d love that.”
“No, thank you.”
Cas plucked a spoon out of Dean’s hand and plunged it into the middle of the pie. He pulled out a bite overflowing with blueberries and the crumble topping, then gently blew on it and held it out to Dean.
He barely passed his last semester. Heck, he probably wouldn’t have if his teachers hadn’t taken pity on him and bumped his grades up to a D.
Dean wiped the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand and shrugged.
Benny pulled him into a crushing hug and held him, saying nothing. Time seemed to stretch on and on and it was a long time before Dean stopped shaking and was able to catch his breath.
Which is exactly what happened a few minutes later. He shuddered against Cas, who was leaving a trail of hot open mouthed kisses on his neck. Dean would have been embarrassed except for the fact that Cas came with a sharp exhale a couple seconds later.
“That sounds fun,” Tanya said, stretching up to kiss Gordon. He immediately wrapped her up in his arms and pulled her closer. It didn’t look like they intended to pull apart anytime soon.
Cas was having none of it. He hugged Dean closer and leaned in. “Maybe I like you sweaty,” he whispered into Dean’s ear. And okay. That of all things shouldn’t have made a sudden heat pool in Dean’s stomach. Cas tossed back his head and laughed, probably because Dean was blushing.
Dean was once again taken aback. How did this guy even exist in real life? He felt a weight lift off his chest, and snuggled back closer to Castiel.
Fuck. Who had even decided he deserved a soulmate? What sort of twisted fate paired him up with
He crashed back into the grass and rolled onto his back, breathing hard. He kept his eyes fixed resolutely on the wispy clouds, afraid to turn and see the disappointment on Cas’s face. It had been a long time since he had cut a steamy moment short, but he remembered very well how calling a stop to things usually ended. He was terrified that he had ruined this thing between them. That he had pushed for too much, yet at the same time that he had not given enough. That
It was a silly hope.
The man hummed and moved to take another drink from his shot glass before realizing it was already empty. He skidded it pathetically between his hands instead.
“It’s an expression, Castiel,” Hannah contributed helpfully. Gabriel smiled at her, and Castiel couldn’t help but feel proud. He had
Holding a weapon calmed him down significantly, tightened the wild spiral of his thoughts closer to the constraints of his brain. He slowed his walking and breathed a little, and was entirely focused on his breathing when the blade suddenly bit into the pad of his thumb.
“Pie” Dean said immediately.
Dean sighed into it and muscle by muscle, he relaxed and sunk back into his own body. The first thing he became aware of was how ridiculous he was being, standing in the middle of the park in a Batman cape hugging Robin. The second thing he realized was that his mask was gone. He must have dropped it in the haunted house.
“What’s with the scarf?” Charlie finally said.
Cas placed his phone, wallet, and keys on the little table near the entrance and pulled off his shirt on his way to the bathroom. He took a long shower, cool enough to give him some relief from the sweltering summer heat, warm enough to loosen his muscles. He rinsed the soap out of his hair and watched the foam swirl down the drain.
John could take care of the monster, he had to find Cas.
Both Dean and Benny shook their heads.
Cas was shifting his grocery bag to the other hand when a window across the street smashed and a guy flew backwards out of it, landing hard on his ass. A huge…man? jumped after him, pinning him down, but the guy calmly pulled out a gun and shot his attacker once, twice, three times in the chest.
“I know what this is,” Hannah breathed, excited. “It's the soulmate mark.”
“He’s gonna die Gabe,” Castiel choked out between gasps of air.
Cas pressed the elevator button and both men stepped into the mirrored interior once the doors slid open. It was a little trippy to see everything from all angles, and Dean was glad when the elevator stopped. They exited onto the top floor, where there were four doors in a spacious hallway. It was so wide open it felt like a completely different hotel.
“Brother, the boys are going to hate you,” Benny said seriously.
They sat in comfortable silence, borrowing each other’s warmth, and despite the involuntary trip down trauma lane, Dean felt safe in that moment.
He walked a little faster in the direction the voice had come from. His stomach was doing horrible swoops. He would
“Dare?”
Each new marking was like a punch to the throat.
“I’ve printed out the book list and gone ahead and highlighted the ones I haven’t read yet. I’ve also circled some options I felt may be interesting to study.” He handed Dean the stapled pages, and Dean flipped through them slowly. There were probably ten highlights in total and several titles were circled.
An hour and a half later, the screen went dark and they were wiping away tears of laughter. It was overall the best rom com experience Dean had ever had (although if word got out that he had more than the one he would hire a hitman.)
Turns out the proximity was incredibly distracting. Dean found himself listening for each of Castiel’s breaths, hyperaware of every minute movement. Cas was quickly absorbed into the episode, but Dean was only watching Cas watch it. His subtle facial expressions were fascinating. Every flick of his eyes drew Dean another millimetre closer. When Cas’s tongue darted out to swipe away an invisible smear of chocolate, Dean’s insides went wild.
Dean smirked around a mouthful of food. “Me too.”
Cas looked up like that was complete news to him.
The sensation of feathers, unearthly soft feathers, was enough to make Dean swallow hard. He looked down at castiel’s back, wings spread wide and so much naked skin…on his bed. Dean blushed hard, the situation finally catching up with him. What was he even doing? Of course he would be the creep to get turned on while helping his friend.
The water, though breathtakingly cold, felt nice on Dean’s still somewhat mottled skin. He leaned backwards and let the water take his weight. Felt the gentle pull of the brook that wasn’t quite strong enough to move him anywhere. The rocks underfoot were slippery with moss, and Cas, who was still standing, desperately trying to keep as much of his body out of the water as possible, slipped and crashed down gloriously.
Castiel tipped his head to the side and listened intently. From deep underneath them, he heard the faint zing of a blade. Without an explanation, he launched himself up off the ground and ran blindly, tearing open doors until he found a staircase. He descended mostly in leaps than actual steps, Sam following close behind.
At some point, Benny and Gordon glided past, doing a ridiculous swing dance even though the music was totally wrong, but they didn’t seem to care because they were laughing too hard.
Okay…
“Why not?”
“Cas, you hungry?” Bobby called from the kitchen. “I’m making soup.”
“Hey,” breathed a relieved voice on his left. Cas turned and found that his neck was covered in something itchy. Bandages.
go h-”
Cas ducked his head at the praise, walking back to the kitchen and rinsing the spoon in the sink.
The short stocky woman behind the bar distractedly uncapped a chilled bottle, slid it over, then turned her attention back to the conversation she was having with another customer.
“I’m getting another room. Cas should get some rest,” he explained.
“Heal up. I’ll be back in a few days,” the man ordered. He retrieved his blood filled bowl and relocked the cage. Cas wanted to move into a corner so he wasn’t so exposed, but he didn’t have the energy. The coolness of the concrete seeped into his cheek and kickstarted a mild headache, but it was nothing compared to the throbbing of his wrists.
“Dean!” Sam admonished, sounding scandalized. “Her name is Ruby. She goes to the community college here and she’s studying to become a makeup artist. I met her on my walk home from school one day. And she is beautiful.”
“Then what? You feel obligated to push me to get
but he didn’t have the heart to argue. He knew Sam would follow his example, and that was the only reason he kept a straight face, like John leaving wasn’t a big deal at all. He followed Bobby back inside and sat back at the table to finish his pasta, even though it was now cold and sat like rocks in his belly.
He stepped under the hot spray and soaped up his skin methodically, but space was small, suffocating now that it was filled with steam. He ended up feeling more trapped than relaxed, so the shower lasted only a couple of minutes before he rinsed off and stepped out.
Gabriel turned the music up a tiny bit and bounced to the beat as he refilled their lemonade glasses. Cas chugged his, as six year olds do, then looked up at Gabriel with huge pleading eyes.
“You’ve done plenty,” Dean immediately answered with a hollow laugh. He straightened his t shirt and ran his fingers through his hair. “He made me promise not to look for him,” Dean admitted. The words sounded thick and painful.
When he
He had about 15 minutes until Cas got here, so he turned the showerhead on. It took a couple minutes for the water to warm up, so Dean grabbed a change of clothes while he waited.
Dean washed the last bowl and dried his hands on a towel, then tossed it onto his shoulder and turned, leaning against the counter to study Cas.
Dean exhaled harshly, only now realizing that he was shaking. Cas was looking at him, shock and concern written all over his face. The mood was well and truly ruined, and Dean wanted to
“You should come to a show, whenever the next one is.” Cas said lightly.
The next few days were a blur. Cas promised to come back in a week to get the stitches removed, then was discharged home with instructions on how to change his bandages.
Dean might have believed him if his voice hadn’t trailed off at the end and if Cas hadn’t shifted in his chair like he had metal shards in his back. With a gentle sigh, Dean pulled a chair close to Cas and sat in it before he realized he was way in Cas’s space.
Castiel swallowed his bite of food. “Math, art, then history. At least I have one class with each of you.”
Dean continued walking until he was a foot away from the man. He smelled irresistible. Another sharp pang in his belly reminded him that it didn’t matter how the fuck he smelled as long as he also bled.
“Yeah,” Cas said slowly, as if embarrassed by the complete randomness of his brother.
hit voids the truce. It was
“That sounds like a very busy family. And an artsy one,” Dean noted. It was interesting to hear about a life so different from his. Back home, Bobby worked in the garage. If Dean was home he helped out, and if Sam was done his studying he pitched in as well, but besides getting all greased with oil and taking the occasional beer breaks, nothing interesting really happened.
Raphael shrugged and took a large bite of pizza in lieu of answering, which was probably a good idea since Gabriel was way too energetic to maintain normal conversation right now.
Dean stood and pulled out a first aid kid from the supply closet, checking to see how much was in there. Sam was right, they were running low on many things, but Dean hoped that the gauze and stitching equipment that was left would be enough for now.
He switched out towels often, and by the time he was satisfied with how clean the wings were, front and back, he had a pile of towels on his floor and absolutely no idea how much time had passed.
Hester laughed and flicked an olive at him, which hit his neck and slid straight down his shirt.
want that. Maybe that’s why he’s avoiding this.”
Cas pulled back and allowed the vision to fizzle out. He fished out his cell phone and shot Sam a text.
to do.
“Um Dean, only a mate or a sibling is normally allowed to touch an angel’s wings. I read it in a book somewhere, its a very intimate thing. Siblings groom each other’s wings in heaven but to touch an angel’s wings here on earth…you guys basically had angel sex.” Sam finished, looking like he might laugh.
“Europe!” Rafael said excitedly. “My little sister is famous worldwide,” he sighed.
“Yes,” Cas said firmly. He leaned in for another kiss, and Dean immediately closed the distance, not really caring who saw. That attitude turned out to be the perfectly wrong one, because as soon as their lips connected, there was loud hooting and jeering. Dean broke away to see half the team hanging out of the windows and teasing.
“What’s a face like that doing in a bar like this on a day like today?”
“Come on uncle Cassie, I’m hungry,” She said, tugging him around towards the back of the house. Cas looked back and shrugged apologetically but allowed himself to be pulled along.
Cas had been in his reach, and he had royally screwed it all up.
“No.” There was an explanation coming. Words to soften his answer, but they got stuck behind the lump in his throat, so Cas turned to walk away before Dean could see his tears.
“Good different or bad different?” Dean asked, wanting to make sure he wasn’t hurting the angel.
“The markings on his wrists are cause for concern.”
And Cas could forgive him, he wanted to forgive him, if only he knew what Dean was apologizing for. The fact that Samuel said those things, or the fact that Cas had heard them?
If he was still alive.
That would normally have flown, except that Castiel was only young, not an idiot as well.
the lengths Castiel had to go through his whole life, trying to hide those huge and ugly marks. Sure, they were red and inflamed and painful on him, but they looked a thousand times worse against Castiel’s skin.
P.S. Don't you dare have sex with anyone unless you want to. You don't owe anyone your time, your heart, and especially not your body.
care! You only get one life here. All it takes is a slip of the knife; a spray of poison and you’re gone.”
Dean crouched down and pulled out the first album he touched. Small and dark blue, with a lightly textured cover. He flipped it open and inhaled sharply.
Cas pushed off the wall and laced his fingers with Dean’s leading them outside and into the late October sunshine.
? Cas
It has been a while, friends! Hi! I started writing this just tonight and felt like this was a good stopping point, and despite it being short, CasuallyNeurotic edited (thank you endlessly) and I decided to go ahead and post anyways. More to come in the next few days. The words have started flowing.
“Is that okay?” He asked.
>>><<<
“Its fine Cas. I deal. Sam and I were adopted by Bobby, my dad’s friend. He pretty much raised us anyways since my dad was a pretty crappy dad. Its actually kind of his fault I’m here. When I got offered a scholarship for soccer he wouldn’t even hear of me not accepting it.”
“Hey,” rasped a voice from across the room.
He resolved to take whatever shitty and painful experiences he had in his past and do the exact opposite, which meant the first step was probably some lube.
Castiel waited for him to draw a number line, but he just stared blankly at the page, blinking at it like the answer would pop up if he gave it long enough. It never did, and as Castiel debated with himself on whether he should point Dean in the right direction, the other boy reddened a little. After a minute, Dean dropped his head into his hands and tipped to look at Cas.
“I don’t think so, Dean. I’m here. I’m not leaving. And if you decide you want to get to know me, I’ll always be waiting.”
He had just finished putting his groceries away when there was a weak knock. Cas set the last apple into his fruit bowl and opened the door a crack.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, you deserve to be loved so deeply, so totally and completely that any insecurity is permanently chased from your mind. You, are perfect.” Cas informed him. Dean lifted his arm and his eyes were glossy, a slightly shocked look that punched Cas right in the heart. Had nobody told him this before?
Cas let out a startled laugh. “You’re suck a dork.” He dropped his head back onto Dean’s chest.
“Well they definitely all sound very busy,” Dean could agree.
Another thing left over from days gone by. Both Gabriel and Cas had technically been left in her care, but as soon as Gabriel had finished school, she had left them the house and an enormous account. She only popped by once or twice a year. Cas was so little when that happened he couldn’t remember her ever living with them, although Gabriel reported it was always a wild ride.
because Dean’s smile was absolutely
Cas looked back at Dean, trying to keep the horror off his face while also trying to read what Dean was thinking.
“Cas,” Dean breathed, not caring that his voice gave away his every feeling. Cas smiled sweetly down at him and tugged him up. Dean enveloped him in a hug, inhaling the scent of his body wash.
Never, in all the eighteen years of his life, had he been more sure of where a tattoo was coming from. His gut feeling was indisputable. There was nothing else this one could be except horrible,
“Yeah that’s why I was going to walk instead of lay down and freezing to death somewhere. Not like I’d be able to find an empty motel room in the middle of nowhere right after the holidays.”
“What the f-” She cut off abruptly when she saw that it was Castiel. He probably looked like  wraith from hell, all frantic and jittery.
Cas’s throat felt tight. He wanted to deny it, to tell Dean he was being delusional, but the man had solid evidence, not to mention a very raw hurt to back him up.
“These are gorgeous,” Cas said, smiling shyly. “Thank you.”
“No,” Cas managed to groan out. He would rather die than let these monsters get anywhere near the girl. She was struggling to stand, but her arms and legs were both bound and she had landed with her face mashed into the concrete.
to last.
NonCon flashback in this one. The idea to include a noncon was first planted by Himram, and I’ve got to say, I felt absolutely evil the entire time I was writing this, so please let me know what you thought while reading it because I don’t know if I can put myself through that again. If needed, skip from “Hey handsome” to “As soon as he was out of sight”
“Dean!” Charlie said surprised. “What are you doing here?”
“Good huh?” Dean asked with a smirk.
His mind scrambled to come up with an excuse. Something. Anything valid. What he truly wanted was to go to school. To turn and run and make it to class on time. To spend the entire math period stealing glances at Castiel’s bed head, fantasizing about cornering him and explaining that he loved him too and crushing their mouths together.
Cas must have noticed his indecision because he opened his arms in invitation.
“So if you had seen something you liked, you would have brought her home?”
Cas kept his back turned to Dean at first, but when Dean trailed a hand lightly down his arm, he flipped over and plastered himself to Dean’s chest.
“Oh. Yeah I had a meeting right after class, had to run. It’s nice to meet you.”
For the first time in a long time, Cas felt a flicker of hope. It was a weak flicker, but yet it was there.
“See you at lunch?”
“Do you boys need any money?”
“Come in” Dean yelled from his bedroom, where he was hurriedly tugging on a pair of boxers and sweatpants. It seems cloth and damp skin do not enjoy cooperating.
“Have you started it yet?”
“Soooooo,” Cole began suggestively, wiggling his eyebrows. “Who is this Cas?”
“What’s up with you and hospitals? I’m not gonna croak right now Cas. It’ll happen tomorrow, probably around midnight.”
He put on a confident smirk instead. “Thats for me to know and you to wonder.”
The idea of John hurting Sammy like this flooded him with anger, and made him determined to change something. To
In a flash, the man who Dean had thought was knocked out turned and gave him a solid backhand blow across his face. Dean twisted and fell from the force. His hands were pulled tight behind him. A weight settled across his back.
Sam exhaled softly, appearing to be deep in sleep, so Castiel turned his attention to Dean’s sleeping form. As he approached Dean’s bed, he could feel the waves of distress rolling off of him.
“Cas?” croaked a confused voice from the couch. Castiel leapt over a mound of books and landed hard on the ground. He crashed to his knees in front of Dean and seeing him, tucked neatly under a blanket and most importantly,
It was an interesting book, but Dean wondered what Gatsby had to prove by throwing all these elaborate parties. It seemed like a terrible waste of money to him.
Cas lurched, tugging hard against his restraints, but all it did was light his shoulder joints on fire. They felt like they might rip out, who knows how long they had been supporting his weight?
“And lunch is served,” Cas said elaborately.
Cas stared at him open mouthed for a few seconds before remembering it was rude to stare. He distractedly poured the man another shot and watched as he downed it, no longer judging his drinking pace. Hell if he’d just got kicked out, he’d probably be in the same boat.
“Sweetheart, I need you to know that I would never hurt you. I would never do something you didn’t want Dean. But…I also need you to be honest with me. If you
With Castiel Novak.
“Oh it is,” Cas said, trying his best to sound convincing.
Cas took a deep breath of the fresh forest air. “Soon. I think I want to walk around a little longer, I’ve kind of been cooped up at work this past week.”
“I’d love to see your wings anytime you feel like whipping them out. Please don’t ever be afraid to be yourself around me Cas,” Dean begged.
The formality made Dean’s heart leap. He checked the time. 9:14. Was it too late to invite Cas over? Probably not. But would he come just to hang out?
Stupidly, only after he had asked that wide open question, Cas realized how much Dean had been holding back all evening. He felt like an idiot. He felt purely evil for making Dean put on a mask and pretend he had it all together for so long.
He got out of bed. Who the hell put him in a bed?
“I never expected you to,” Cas answered.
He looked over the roof of the car at Sam, who shrugged.
He ground his hips down and was unsurprised to find a quickly hardening line meet his own. What surprised him was his own want. He wanted Cas in his hand. In his mouth. Anywhere.
and go around doing this sort of shit? Fucking
, but it's definitely not anymore. I have nothing to say for myself.
“Ah. I see you not only attended the game, you also dressed up for the occasion,” Dean teased, stepping aside to let Cas enter.
Dean hopped onto the bench of the nearest strawberry, and Sam slid in beside him.
“Hazel is your sister’s kid?” Dean asked. He was slightly amused that a professional chef like Gabriel would be making macaroni and chicken nuggets for a family dinner, but based on what he had seen of the family so far, Dean thought it best to withhold any judgement. For all he knew the chicken nuggets could be imported straight from France, or wherever it was that they came from. Either way, he loved chicken nuggets.
Cas looked blankly at him, but Dean knew enough to pick up the subtle shift of his eyes as he scanned him up and down. The angel looked back at his face and a corner of his mouth quirked up in a tiny smile.
“That is
“Right. That’s exactly what you said last time and then I finally convinced you and it was so good you cried.”
“Where are you going?” Cas asked, confused. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew Dean probably wouldn’t stay, but part of him had hoped.
Among the milling crowd, everyone ignored him, but he scanned their faces for his brother. Sam stepped outside once the mass exodus had thinned out. He was smiling shyly, hands shoved in his pockets as an equally scrawny kid walked beside him, chattering a mile a minute.
“Well hey. We just started but that’s a dead end,” Dean jumped in, pointing to the path they had just come from. “Wanna stick together and get out of here?”
“Anything specific I should know about Crocotta?” Dean asked, willing his stomach to stop being so queasy.
Dean bolted down the field to receive a wobbly pass from Henry. He was instantly caged in on all sides. It was a dirty trick, but at this point, Dean wasn’t thinking about playing nice, he was focused on not losing their advantage. He stepped over the ball and kicked it in a high rainbow over both his head and the loose circle of players around him.
The sharp feeling that sliced through Dean’s veins was colder than ice. Colder than hatred.
Cas poured the man another shot as he said it, mostly so he wouldn’t have to maintain eye contact. When he finally looked up again the man was watching him with a mostly steady gaze. He appeared to be calculating something, debating, but then the fight seemed to slump out of him and he leaned heavily against the bar.
“Change Dean, I’ll get the room set up,” Cas said, pulling his shirt over his head and disappearing down the hall.
“See you,” Dean waved back. He made his way to his lecture hall and pulled out a notebook. For the next two hours, he diligently took notes. It was an interesting class, probably one of Dean’s favourites, but by the time it was over, he was mentally exhausted and physically jittery. He grabbed a chicken sandwich from the cafeteria and ate it on his way to the change rooms.
“Cas man, that sounds like a chick flick book. Is there anything else in here you like?”
He went with his instincts, unbacked as they may be, and wrapped Dean up in a tight hug right there on the forest floor. It must have been what Dean needed because he immediately let go of his hair and grabbed two fistfuls of Castiel’s jacket.
John hadn’t shown up again. Actually, he was never even spoken of, and neither was hunting. Bobby occasionally dug through his lore books to help other hunters with intel, but other than their existence in the house, the shadows of the hunting life were no longer present for Dean.
Dean held Cas’s steady look, trying to unravel what he meant, but found nothing to indicate he was lying or making fun of him. Cas looked out the window and swore softly. Dean followed his gaze and saw that the sun was starting to set.
there in the middle of the day like some dramatic
“Okay wait wait. I’m sure we can come to some sort of agreement,” Dean begged, hands in the air.
“Who am I? I’m offended that you even have to ask. Your daddy and mine were enemies,” The man drawled on.
They made his stomach turn, so Cas pulled on his boxers and pyjama bottoms, resolutely pushing the memory of his kidnapping out of his mind. Dean was here. They were together. They were safe.
It took a horribly long minute to spot Gabriel, draped as he was in women. Also, the lighting in the club wasn’t great. Also people kept bumping into him. He also had to dodge two strippers on his hunt for his friend.
It took all of a second for Castiel to snap to attention as the word echoed through his Grace. He knew that voice, of course he would. He pieced that body together, knitted each molecule in its place with his own two hands.
Dean had spent years – hell, a
Cas slipped his hand into Dean’s and offered him a small smile, tugging him towards the garden as well.
“Yep. His motel is a little closer to the hospital so he’ll probably make it there first. Hope the idiot waits like he said he would,” Dean said. It was clear from his tone that he didn’t think it would be likely, and even more clear from the speed of his driving.
“Come in,” Castiel swung the door open and closed it gently after Dean had stepped inside.
“Us kids? Fine gramps. Lets do this.” Benny called back. Dean climbed higher to sit on his shoulders and the pairs pushed at each other, trying to knock the other down.
“I love your hair,” Hannah immediately said with a smile, to which Charlie visibly relaxed.
“I heard talk of burgers on the bus,” Coach Mills began. “Anyone up for The Works?”
“Cas” Dean interrupted, holding back a smile. “Just spit it out.”
The thought of actual bruises and wounds on Dean’s skin made his stomach roll. He had always thought it would be easier, once he knew who his soulmate was. But it turned out that knowing and
Cas glued his eyes to his notebook again and managed to keep them there for two whole questions before they slipped towards Dean once more. He was fiddling with the sleeve of his leather jacket and Cas was transfixed by the movement.
It was Dean.
Dean didn’t quite know what to do. He wanted to approach Cas and just hold him close, but the wings made him nervous. Of course he would spend years fantasizing about seeing them and now that they were visible they set him on edge.
Dean sighed, exhausted. It was… a lot. To constantly be thinking of what the safest course of action would be. What decisions would create the least tension. Would cause the least damage for everyone else. Part of him wished he had just shut up and gone with John. In the moment, it felt
“Anyways Cas, I’ve gotta get going. I have a shift at the gym in a bit.”
“I said I’m fucking fine and I meant it,” Dean snapped. He stood from the chair and grabbed his backpack by a strap, very aware of all the eyes on him.
-gain.
there, but neither of those terms felt real anymore. Besides, it was kind of hard to think clearly with his mind racing.
“Okay?” Cas questioned lightly. He felt a little like an overinflated balloon. The wrong words spoken too sharply would cause him to pop and he would dissolve into something worthless and empty. Broken.
Dean’s eyes lit up. He had been begging to see some of Cas’s photography for weeks now and Cas had mostly just brushed him off, promising to show him later. It was
“I’m happy for you man,” Dean said honestly. “School is going okay?”
Hannah opened her mouth to defend herself, realized Cas was right, then shut it again. Charlie cackled at her.
Dean sprang to his feet again and found his machete among the wreckage. The handle quickly became slippery with blood so he held it with both hands.
looked like bear claws, but that was
Basically John is an ass (surprise, surprise). Kid Dean threatens to call the cops and John terrifies him out of ever reaching out for help.
Dean let himself be held long enough for Cas to map out the press of every inch of him before he pulled away.
If his canyon joyride was fast, it was nothing compared to the speed his beating wings gave him as he pummelled towards the tug of a particular handprint burned into a particular man’s shoulder. Castiel felt a pang of guilt, knowing he had lied when he told the boys no angel could find them if they were marked. It was mostly true; no angel except him. Not even a ribcage worth of engraved symbols could trump the strength of a mating claim. With a single handprint, Castiel had wrapped himself around Dean’s very bones.
“There are catastrophic results when a vampire drinks angel blood. You would have…melted.”
later.
“So what program are you in Dean?”
He didn’t even have time to click his phone off before it buzzed with a response.
“Did you invite him to dinner? I know a lot of the guys already texted their friends and girlfriends to come.”
The silence hung for a moment before Cas cleared his throat. “I know you and Sam have spent your whole lives hunting the supernatural, and I do not enjoy reminding you that I am part of that group. You and I were finally getting somewhere and I have been trying very hard to appear normal for you. Human.”
I know I said Tuesdays, but we're just starting out so I thought I'd spoil you. Also, happy pandemic declaration day everyone! We brought cake into work to celebrate... because nurses are sarcastic little firecrackers.
Dean opened the door and pushed out of the bathroom before he could tear himself to shreds in a different way tonight. Bobby was perched on the bed, looking down at his folded hands, but he tipped his head up when Dean walked in and sat gingerly beside him.
“The summer flew by.”
“There’s towels and extra toothbrushes and whatnot in the bathroom,” Cas said as he led Dean to the far end of the hall and into a minimal grey bedroom. He pointed to the door in the corner, which Dean assumed was the bathroom.
Michael raised an eyebrow at him but Cas didn’t continue. “Brother, if you’re going to start something with ‘first of all’ there needs to be a ‘second of all.’”
Something about the softness of that voice and the iron grip of those hands made Dean freeze.
Dean loved him back. Dean wanted him. In some way. Dean didn’t know if this was allowed, or possible.
Who on
“Let's get going,” John said, rising from his crouch with a few stiff pops from his knees. He slung his gun over his shoulder and walked back out of the forest the way they came in. Dean scrambled to pick himself up off the ground like a properly dignified man, and ran to catch up to his father.
“You love him” Sam stated evenly, like it was a fact of life, something known and accepted by all, like how the sky is blue and the grass is green.
“Well if you’ve already done a couple drills lets start with a scrimmage. Cole, Kevin, Inas, Henry, Richard, you’re team one, the rest of you, team two. Pick someone for kickoff and I’ll see you in the centre.”
Ha. Half an hour to spare. I'm getting better at this.
With clenched teeth, he pulled out his paper schedule, which, somehow, had already acquired both a water stain and a little tear. His next class was art. He scowled down at the page, then shoved it back in his bag, making a split second decision. He would walk over to the middle school where Sam would be heading outside for his midmorning break, if Dean remembered correctly. Nobody would miss him here, and besides. He was shit at art. No point wasting time on a lost cause.
“How’s your first day going?” Balthazar asked.
a date. This was… a chance for some fresh air.
“I suppose,” Bobby answered slowly. “Where are you headed off to?”
Dean curled tighter and tighter against the blows.
“That’s different,” Dean said, words that slipped out before he realized how judgemental they sounded. Before he could control his unruly mind and bite them back.
“Cas,” Dean rumbled out after several deliciously long minutes of kissing but not really kissing. “What are you doing.” His voice sounded ruined, too rough, like he had already been taken apart where Cas had barely even started.
Where they could exist and pretend everything was okay.
“Is that a good thing?”
“This.”
“If you’re amenable,” Cas started, slowly, hesitantly. “I think I’d like to take things slowly? To just see where this goes?”
inside him? Dean arched into it, making Cas chuckle softly. He was hyper aware of the rub of fabric on his groin. Hyper aware that there were
Dean felt a curl of heat in the pit of his stomach. He had fucked plenty of girls before, but never a guy. With a guy he had always been the one to take it. Suddenly he regretted only allowing himself to mess around with guys when he was drunk and angry at a bar, looking more for pain than he was for pleasure, which is usually what he got. He cursed himself for not ever having tried it the other way, because Cas deserved an expert fucking right now.
“No,” Dean answered stubbornly. He gritted his teeth and stood his ground.
“Guys like flowers too. Get him something wild,” Sam suggested. Dean thought for a moment and what had seemed like a stupid idea in his head seemed like a much smarter one coming from Sam’s mouth. Wildflowers were a lot more fitting for Cas than roses were.
He waited a couple seconds, but Sam didn’t answer. Dean wasn’t surprised, it was
“Like a bird” Dean asked with a smirk.
beyond all measure, but real. Castiel didn’t even hesitate to gather Dean into his arms. Didn’t even pay attention to the
“We need to get him back to the bunker. I’ve gotta mix up the antidote and we have to fix him before he wakes up and drinks somebody and this is permanent.”
The brothers led the way, talking quietly amongst themselves, and Dean trailed behind them with Cas. They followed a dirt trail out of the garden, then a small stone lined path, then continued onto another winding dirt path through a small wooded area. The leaves were already turning, and Dean couldn’t help but notice how breathtaking Cas looked, a tall dark thing among all the bright colours.
It took fifteen minutes under the steam for him to feel almost like himself again.
“Cas,” Dean started, sounding broken. It didn’t seem like he had anything to say though. He only reached out a hand and cupped Castiel’s cheek. His touch was so feather light that It seemed he thought Cas would evaporate upon contact. Cas pressed his own hand over Dean’s just to reassure him that they were both solid.
