Thank you for your patience. The last couple of weeks have been rough. My elderly cat is entering the last stage of his life and I needed to focus on him for a bit.
“Fair enough.” Curling his fingers into the shirt that they had been laying on, Gabriel pulled Sam along to the private elevator at the back of the large room. Sami rolled his eyes as they passed while Amenadiel just shook his head. Cas and Dean on the other hand just smiled and nodded, respectively. It was probably a good thing that the elder Winchester seems to have given his blessing, though he didn’t doubt for one minute that he was going to get away without getting one of the Winchester style shovel talks. He was actually looking forward to it. They were almost as good at meting out vengeance as he was, and that said something given that he was a trickster, and they were only human.
Elohim grinned at the same time Jack smirked. There was a flash of light that left spots in Sam’s eyes and the sound of a deep chuckle. When his vision cleared, he couldn’t see anything different other than Elohim being gone.
Seeing that his human was fatigued though, prompted Cas to release him and gently maneuver the hunter until he was laying on one of the room’s beds. After seeing to the removal of their footwear and his own outerwear, Cas lay down with Dean allowing the hunter to manhandle him until Dean had wrapped himself around the tiny angel. Within moments Cas allowed himself to follow Dean into a restful slumber secure in the arms of his beloved.
Casi tipped their head to the side looking at him with narrowed eyes, before looking down at their feet. “I have no shoes.”
Once he had Sammykins in the elevator, he released the other man so that he could press the button to send them on their way. Watching Sam lean against the back of the elevator, he smiled again. For even as relaxed as the human was trying to make himself appear, the archangel could tell that he was nervous. And it would seem that he was also fascinated by the play of light over Gabriel’s feathers. It was turning out that Gabriel was actually kind of starting to like this whole corporeal wings thing.
Dean’s smile was small and almost shy as he nodded. “I wouldn’t have offered if I didn’t want you to take it.” He cleared his throat as he pulled Cas closer. “This isn’t because you look different. This is ‘cause you’re still you, alright.” He shrugged and began moving to the stairs, gently guiding Cas using their joined hands.  “I want to talk to you. Just not here. This place is a bit too much Casino Royale for my tastes.”
Placing a hand on the human detective’s shoulder, Lucifer stopped him before he could do anything more than place his hand on the door handle. “Daniel, I do believe that you are going to have to be responsible for the investigation.” When the human’s dark eyes turned up to his with evident confusion, he explained. “I am fairly sure that the Jay Doe inside this room is one of my younger siblings.”
“I’m sure he’s forgiven you.” She laid a hand on Ella’s shoulder. “We all thought it was fake. Well, all of us except Azrael and their Dad.” With a shrug Chloe hopped off the counter and went back to where she had laid out the taco supplies. “I guess Azrael has a super sense when it comes to things like that since she’s Death or something.”
“Would you like me to talk to him as well?” She waved her hand at the door. “Lucifer has already asked me to, but I would like your opinion as well.”
Linda covered her mouth as she let out a sudden snort at Cas’ words. Clearing her throat, she lowered a hand, her face now sporting an amused smile. “That was… an interesting way of putting it. Care to elaborate?”
“That makes two of us, but we’ve got to be careful Dean. This isn’t like the world we came from. It’s…” Sam hesitated as he tried to come up with the right word. “It’s kinder. I think that Elohim kept things here from getting the way they did in Chuck’s versions of reality.”
“My son is a Nephilim.” She shrugged as she smiled. “A mortal, as far as we know, Nephilim, but still…”
Chloe stopped chopping lettuce and turned to look at Ella with a serious look on her face. “You felt that way because he was projecting. That was Lucifer’s younger brother, the archangel Gabriel. And from what I understand he had it pretty rough before he was found.” She sighed as she placed the knife she had been holding on the chopping board and crossed her arms. “Plus, he doesn’t look like the guy from Supernatural, because it’s the other way around. The guy from Supernatural actually looks like him.”
Sighing, Cas stretched and sat up in the overly soft bed that Sami had insisted that they have in one of his guest rooms. Sleep was a thing here it would seem. Gabriel had been fascinated and had instantly claimed the room next door to Cas’ own and with Sami’s help had redecorated it within a day. Cas had left their own room mostly in the neutral whites and grays that Sami had originally decorated the room with. Gabriel’s room on the other hand was now done up in rustic colors. All browns, greens, and dark reds. To be honest Gabriel’s color scheme reminder Cas of the Bunker where he had lived with Sam and Dean.
“That’s all I ask.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a business card. “Now I know that Lucifer has my number, but I want you to have it too.” Holding it out, she waited until he took it before moving away. “You can call me anytime.” She nodded at Mazikeen. “Maze.”
“He was God in the other realm. As far as I knew, he was my father and the other angels that he created were my brothers.” Sighing, Cas shook their head and placed the tie that they had been crushing in their fingers around their neck. It gave them something to do for a moment as they gathered their thoughts. Once their collar was flat and the tie band settled under it, Cas spoke again. “To borrow a phrase from my brother, they were all great big bags of dicks.”
“So, do you like them?” He spoke quietly, not really wanting to disturb the other man’s contemplation.
Gabriel shared a few quiet words with Dean Winchester before his attention was diverted to the taller, longer haired man standing behind the hunter. Lucifer was only able to identify them as Sam and Dean Winchester because Ella had made him watch a few episodes of that hideous show with her. It had upset him the first time he had watched it, especially when they had reached the episodes that had featured Gabriel’s death. Even if it was just an actor who looked like him, there was no mistaking those whiskey gold eyes. He couldn’t watch it anymore after the episode where he had to watch his baby brother’s eyes widen in shocked betrayal as that world’s version of Lucifer stabbed him. Of course, that didn’t stop him from throwing the themed charity event at his siblings’ request.
“Yes of course.” Carefully he maneuvered Gabriel, so that the smaller angel was tucked under his left arm. Looking up, he caught the look of curiosity that filled Casi’s eyes before the younger angel nodded at him. “I do believe that it is time for us to depart.” Glancing at his oldest brother he arched an eyebrow and was pleased when Amenadiel nodded. “Amenadiel brought his car, so we can get all snug in the backseat, the three of us, while he drives us to Lux. There will be plenty of room for us to get refamiliarized with each other once we are in my penthouse.”
“Well yeah.” He shrugged as he took another sip, deliberately flexing his wings just to see Sammykins reaction. As he had thought the other man was fascinated. His bright green eyes tracked every movement of the long fight feathers that were closest to his leg. “This body has always been mine, I made it. Cas on the other hand was borrowing one. The body that Cas is using now is theirs. It’s why he looks different. The body that he was in before wasn’t his true body. This one is and someday they might shift it to look like that other one, but right now Cas is a five foot nothing person who looks like they are from India.”
He’s carrying two cups of hot tea with him, and he walks over to Castiel’s right, placing one cup in front of himself and the other in front of the angel.
“You misunderstand me, Dean.” Cas interrupts. “This isn’t about the blame. This is about me wishing I could provide you safety now, to a degree that I once could.”
It’s something Cas still associates with shame, due to the way his subtle expressions of his sexuality were handled by his family (minus Gabriel), and that’s something Dean can relate to.
He sounds like a mother hen, even though he’s not the oldest child of the family. Nonetheless, from what Dean’s heard, he’s always been the most mature, the most responsible one.
Though it went unsaid, the way their eyes lingered on one another’s reassured Dean that Cas would, indeed, come back. And Dean believed him.
For Dean, the worth of a life is not in the numbers. Having experienced as much loss as he did, Dean understands the worth of a single life. He was willing to go to Hell to save one person, even after finding out what Hell would be like for him.
“Cas asked. I just thought it’d be nice to do this for him, okay?” Dean felt compelled to add and try to shrug it off nonchalantly.
catch Sam prying, though nothing about his facial expression gave away that he was in any way, shape or form uncomfortable with the gesture.
Dean hasn’t even looked at him yet, but he knows he’s about to be greeted with that signature tilt of Cas’s head and puppy eyes that are reading ‘
With them having moved into the new place recently, they didn’t get to unpack all of their stuff yet. And it’s not like the boxes were abundant with Christmas-y trinkets anyway. What little of decorations they had were gifts and remnants from their extended family, and then yesterday, on his way home from the station, Dean bought a couple of extra pieces just to get the tree started.
“Of course you have a choice. I mean, come on, you never—never questioned a crappy order? Huh? You both just a couple of hammers?”
“I told him I’d think about it.” Cas admits and Dean wishes he could refrain from reacting, but he flinches at the admission. When Cas
At first, Cas looked like he wanted to snap for being stopped in his tracks, but the genuine nature of Dean’s words and actions deterred him from doing so. His shoulders relaxed visibly and he deflated for a second there.
“Thought so. Still, I’d like you to think about it for a couple of more days. The offer will stand.” Benny insisted, and Cas listened.
unusual about him honoring that request. Or rather, the unusual thing didn’t really have anything to do with him honoring it, but with him being so sure that Cas will come back.
Dean kicks the door after it slams shut. Throws his gun at his headboard, if it goes off and shoots him, oh fucking well. It's great. Just fantastic.
Sam has the audacity to slump into himself, full-on wounded-puppy mode. So Dean rolls his eyes and waves him over.
He shivers when Dean tugs his shirt up, the cool air a shock to his heated skin. Dean's hand travels under, paints up his back in a smooth, slow drag. Cas breaks the kiss just so he can
Time stops, in a way. The fire crackles. Hisses. Static overtakes Dean's mind, and he only moves to adjust the baby when it fusses.
Dean's been stealing glances at his phone for over an hour. The dim light of the hall that creeps from under his door is the only reason he can see the thing, blurred out to a barely-there grey hunk of plastic.
Cas twists himself up, brushes their lips. It has an addictive quality to it, the act. Especially when Dean leans in, and slides his fingers through Cas' hair.
He shakes his head, uses his free hand to blanket his face, pinch the bridge. Trapped under the rough pressure, his tear ducts throb. But it’s all right. It’s fine.
Dean’s eyebrows pop before he grins, full-faced and toothy. "Are you seriously referencing Star Wars at me?"
Dean doesn't bat an eye at the car seat. It’s green. Of course it’s green. His breath doesn't catch at the stupid cartoon bee sticker smiling at him on the car seat’s side.  And he doesn't think about Cas.
Buzzing vibrates from Dean's pocket. He yanks it from his pocket for it. "Pretty sure I do. Lucifer ganked her the minute the portal closed."
"Good. I don't think I'm up to fighting standards." He rolls his head to the side. They're close enough Dean can make out each muscle in his neck when he swallows. "You didn't have to save me, Dean. I'd — made peace with that fate."
He ends it, and calls back. Just to listen to the only thing he'll ever hear Cas say again. It’s not a replacement, never will be until he can see if Heaven really does have any angels left.
Over one shoulder Sam has the world's largest baby bag — lime green and burgeoning with diapers. The zippers stuck halfway around. It thunks when it hits the floor, and Sam shakes a bottle. "Made some formula. There's an extra in the side pocket."
"We're going home. Welcome to the joys of parenthood. Here’s to hoping it doesn't kill us during puberty."
When the subtle shake of his hands doesn't fade in the less intense position, he buries it in Dean's shirt.
The last movie night he'd managed to drag Cas into was over a month ago. It might’ve been the last time where either of them were reasonably happy. The last time his lips would tilt up in that small way that knots Dean's stomach. It isn’t fair. It's all wrong, and there’s no way to fix it. No magic is strong enough to bring an angel back, The only witch that could’ve tried is dead too. And any power Heaven could spare wouldn’t be used to help him. There’s only one shot to take, and it's the same useless one everyone’s thought of trying at some point.
Dean pushes past Sam and grabs the bottle. By the time he walks through the door, Sam's halfway up the stairs.
A wing-shaped shadow charred to the ground, each feather as distinct as it is gone. The last reminder that Cas was always an angel. Always something Dean could never keep.
"She can — she can be there for you too," Dean says. "If you need it. Dogs are great listeners. Even the Madonna types like this one."
The coach squeaks. Before Dean can make it out the door, Sam grabs the strap. The force yanks him in place. Dean swivels around and glares. Sam drops his hand and gives Dean a weary look.
Then he pats the foot of the mattress, and they take turns doing pulls straight from the bottle while they talk.
He’s never been any good, not as good as he needs to be. Maybe if he would’ve been — or did somethin’ different, anything different —
And then Cas laughs once, more genuine, but still too close to bitter. "Not at all. But I think you know that's not what I meant."
Dean chooses then to look over, fix his brother with a proper glare so he'll go the hell away — but sees it.
His heart misses a beat, but the rest of him relaxes a fraction more. Tense in a way he wasn’t aware.
It's Sam. There's a small tug of guilt — he should've called him the moment he put Cas down. He knows he would've been worried sick if Sam was the one that had to go.
Cas pinches his brows together as his head swims to stay upright. He slurs through some half-baked, nonsense question about coral reef bleaching, and Dean's so relieved he laughs.
The idea is fucking stupid. He doesn't care what Sam thinks. Sam wasn't even supposed to know. Let alone have fucking
He doesn't think, just reacts like the last three decades didn't happen and rocks the feather-light kid against him.
And what if he's sick? Or gets sick and can't get better? Without his grace, there's a whole new set of worries. A bad flu that gets worse until he's gone, a hunt going wrong, fucking cancer. Heart disease kills pretty much everyone, doesn't it?
like he’s still a kid with a missing dad and a bottle that went cold hours ago. It's a different kind of pain. One that lets his throat loosen enough to take in a sliver of breath.
He'll be confused, lost. More lost than Cas ever thought when he made the deal, and he's left their son the job of explaining it. Because it won't be eons. Every day is numbered.
He calls a few times after that. But tries not to leave voicemails for someone that's just gone, in every sense of the word.
Funeral pyres take a long time to burn. Distantly, Dean's aware of it. So he nods, reaches into his pocket and hands Sam the Impala's keys. He takes them and squeezes Dean's shoulder.
All I'm saying is the mixtape was definitely in the truck, and if it didn't get left behind in canon, then Dean had to give it to Cas a third time. Poor guy.
"Fan-freakin'-tastic. I forgot babies did this crap." Dean sighs, storms over to the table, and places the bottle down with a hard clank. "I'm not seeing an array of options here. We can't exactly put a Nephilim up for adoption. Or hire a babysitter." Carefully, he brushes off Jack's mouth with the color of his onesie. It’s probably the cleanest thing they have to do it with.
"There's Mom. If the portal was opened once, there's gotta be a way to do it again. Maybe the Book of the Damned, or the Demon Tablet..." Sam perks up. "We could try and get Donatello to help —”
Every muscle Cas has freezes. It shouldn't be a surprise, but once you've thought about something enough times, the reality is always shocking.
Maybe the Empty would think it'd be funnier if it waited until after the battle, or at least in it's best interest. Maybe it's okay, for the night.
Cas has a bottle of whiskey in hand, fifty-five years old and smoother than anything. It only takes ten minutes for Dean to get him to
Cas has known long enough it shouldn't be a surprise, but it still sends a little shock of thrill through him.
Dean’s hand slips forward, gripes his wrist. The hold is loose but firm, and everywhere his skin touches burns. He's shifted enough so they're inches apart, breathing the same air.
Dean looks him in the eye, listening. The bed makes no noise when Cas leans a little closer, propped on the ball of his hand next to Dean's knee.
The space behind his robes aches when he says, "We both shoulda picked up more, I guess. And Sammy wants me to call now. Like it makes up for shit. It doesn't."
He puffs a breath of air. It's easy to forget Cas actually knows what he's talking about now, sometimes. Even if he does still miss the point by a mile.
When they part, Dean schools his face into neutrality, his body tenses. He runs his hand through his hair once more, trailing down until he holds Cas' face firm.
It's roughly midnight, and books are scattered across the library table. They're all open to different pages, but none of it matters. Not really.
It's the best thing Dean's ever seen. Fuck, he missed him. Missed him so much he didn't know what to do with himself.
A flash of cold prickles down his back, and he tries to takes a deep breath. It goes down ragged. There was something he read once, about picking out a sense.
Kissing Dean isn't like anyone else. It's like slipping headfirst into an endlessly deep bath. He'd only had one once, but it was soothing and warm, a nice simulation of the best embrace he could think of at the time. And this is so much better.
unprompted — they were talking about potential witch activity in Utah, not Dean's feelings, for Christ's sake — and now it's all Dean can think about now that the distractions of the day have bled into a dark room and cold bed.
so Dean can wallow in misery without his brother being keen on some of the finer details, thank you very much.
Unfiltered sunlight glimmers in through the curtainless window. Dust particles dance in yellow above the table where it's — it’s just empty now. His last pitstop. The last place Dean would ever get to look. To touch. Legs on autopilot, he trudges over.
He takes a deep breath, rocks his head to the ground. "You left. And I've never asked you for anything. Never begged. But now you're gonna bring him back. Cas. Mom. Hell, even Crowley." His hand tightens. "You owe us, you son of a bitch."
Dean lays Cas on top of the bunched up blanket. Once he's down, Dean slowly works the trencoast and suit jacket off, his hands careful as they trail across the thin cotton of his shirt.
He looks confused, before some amount of understanding smoothes out some of the worried lines in his face. His eyes flick down to Dean's mouth for an instant. "How was it supposed to happen, then?"
He'd said it once, not more than a month ago, in the darkness of his room, Miracle tucked as close as he could get her.
Their foreheads meld together, and their breaths run ragged. His heart thumps in his eardrums with each inhale. His skin is probably as red as Dean's, flushed deep, mouth puffed red and kiss stained.
Cas runs his fingers along Dean's torso. After a few strokes, Dean catches his hand. Slots their fingers together.
The ball in his chest is impossibly tight. Why hasn't he called? Just to hear him again, the gruff tenor that's like gravel and silk and the only thing he ever wants to hear, ever. And now he only has nine words he'll ever hear him say again.
Anyway. This is gunna be different from s13. Mostly because it has to be. Jack being a baby changes what everyone does and some peoples emotions. So this is the PSA that this will have s13 elements but very much not be the same
He breaths again, a little easier. His fingers curls into Cas' palm, and his finger twitch against Dean in response. The dent in his brows relax, his jaw goes slack.
Dean's finger turns his face up, and his small smile splits into a sloppy grin. His eyes crinkle at the edges, and the beauty of him catches the air in his throat.
Dean doesn't have to ask. "Chuck isn't aproblem anymore." Cas sighs, slinks down bonelessly into the cushions. "We figured it out, took his powers. Jack's fixing up Heaven with it. Says he's gunna do that, find a way to put Amara back together, and then come home."
In the corner of his eye, Sam's shoulder slump. His brother looks down and sighs out a sad little noise.
When they part, he's not sure either one of them are breathing. And he can't look at Cas, not when he says it. Not yet. So he presses their foreheads together, keeps his eyes fully lidded.
There’s a pleading quality to his face. Intense, sharp. The one he gets when he thinks he can convince someone of anything as long as it's
Dean grabs the side of the truck bed and turns his head towards the sky. He sighs. Here goes nothing. "Okay, Chuck. Or God, whatever. We need your help. You said — you said the world would be fine with us. It isn't. We've lost everything."
Its not good enough, saying it without saying it. Cas gave a speech. He saved Dean's life, saved the god damn world. All without knowing.
At least Dean assumes. Every call back he'd ever gotten from the guy he'd have to fill him in on whatever was happening anyway. Guess it makes sense in a way. If you have enough time to listen to a message, you've got enough time to call.
And it took more effort than he will ever admit to walk out of the kitchen without clocking his brother in the goddamn jaw.
He shakes his head, and the tips of their noses brush. "I love you more than I know what to do with. You know that right?"
Dean must've sat there for hours. Long enough to hear the Nephilim’s newborn screams. Long enough for Sam to quiet them down. When the sun peaks over, and the colorless skin of his face still doesn’t move, Dean somehow does.
Dean tries to swallow, but the motion stops halfway through, and there’s nothing there to force down.
It's not fair. None of this is fair. They used to have more allies. Friends. Something they could fall back on after so long of having nothing, but none of it even lasts. Like the universe has decided The Sam and Dean Adventure just ain't multiplayer.
It's not well thought out. The lack of work and overload of carbs haven't done Dean's muscles any favors. His joints creak and protest every step, but his room isn't far, and he'd be damned before he let's Cas feel like he has to do anything alone this time.
The kid started to look a little bit flustered and started to play with His fingers as His brows drew together. It was a look that Sam had often seen on Cas and Gabriel when they were worried and trying to hide it. Feeling a swell of compassion, Sam reached out a hand and placed it palm up on the table in front of Jack. Once the younger man had taken it and lifted His eyes to meet his own, Sam smiled softly.
Cas let out a small chuckle at the James Bond reference. Something that they never would have gotten before Metatron had dumped all that information in their head. That and Sami had a thing for action movies and had insisted on showing his two younger siblings this world’s selection. “Sami does have rather extravagant tastes. I think he fancies himself a bit like James Bond sometimes.”
Lucifer hadn’t been expecting Gabriel to literally knock him over when he saw the Winchesters, but he couldn’t fault him for his exuberance once he saw how happy the smaller archangel was. He was practically bouncing and every single feather on his blue and gold wings were shivering. There was even a noticeable glow surrounding him, just bright enough that those who knew what to look for would be able to see it. Amenadiel had made sure that he was going to be alright on his own feet before he stepped away from Lucifer, his own expression bemused by their younger brother’s behavior.
The brunette man shook his head, only to close his eyes as pain seemed to shoot through him. “My brother, I need my brother. I know he’s here. I can feel him.”
“We’ll be here for a while. I’m not sure how available we’ll be. Gabriel probably isn’t going to give Sam up for a while and I doubt that Cas is going to let me out of his sight any time soon.”
I meant to post this yesterday, but the roadwork crew down the street took out the fiber optic cables for my neighborhood's internet with a backhoe. Fortunately they got fixed. The Internet company was not happy with them, but I hope you are with this chapter. And next weeks installment will be the beginning of the long awaited reunion.
A watery sounding chuckle was his reply, at least until Gabriel had pulled away and sat up. “It reminds me of my Sammich.” His whiskey eyes were earnest as he continued. “I miss him. Maybe not as much as Cas misses Dean-o, but I do miss the kiddo. I have had a bond with him ever since we first met. I never stuck around long enough for it to become the profound sort, like what Cas and Dean have, but it’s there. He’s my human.” He bowed his head and sighed heavily. “I think that I was too harsh on him when we first knew each other. I was trying to teach him a lesson and he learned it. But there was probably a gentler way to teach it.” He sighed again as he stumbled to his feet, only looking at Lucifer again when he too had risen to stand. “I don’t know why he ended up being so kind to me after that. I sure as hell didn’t deserve his kindness.”
Seeing the other perspectives of what they had gone through had brought him to tears multiple times. Not that he would admit it to anyone else. Watching as Cas fell in love with him and was brought low so many times through Dean’s own actions and his own, broke his heart. It hurt to see all of the deals, the spells, and everything Cas’ own family had put him through, everything Dean put him through. And then there was the sight of Gabriel’s whiskey eyes staring up at the sky, empty of everything that made him who he was. That image haunted him.
“Doctor Linda Martin.” Moving closer, she sat on the barstool to his left. “You could say that I am your family’s therapist.”
Ella felt bad now. The episode with Kali was the first one where Gabriel died, like really died. They hadn’t meant to bring him back later, but then they retconned it and did. But if what happened to that fake Gabriel in the show was what had actually happened to the real Gabriel that was in the living room, then… “Soy una idiota. I totes accidentally made Lucifer watch an episode where his baby bro like got sheesh kabobbed.”
Multiverse theory, Ella got that. Actually, her ghost friend Rae-Rae had totally said the same thing back in like 2012 when she had popped in and Ella had been binge watching it on DVD. She hadn’t really believed it though. “My friend Rae-Rae totes said that. She said that that sort of thing was a thing, but not for like everything, just some stuff.”
He didn’t even notice it when Sam came out of the bathroom, or even when his brother left to get food. Dean was sleeping deeply and wasn’t awake to see Sam look to the ceiling before he himself prayed to the one angel that he missed almost as much as Cas.
Feeling his own lips turn up into a smirk that answered the angel’s, he reached out and clapped a hand on the shorter man’s shoulder before leaning forward as though he were about to impart a secret. “Don’t ever change.” At the archangel’s startled look, he pulled him into a quick hug before releasing him completely. “Good to see you Gabriel. The family wasn’t the same without you.” Nodding over his shoulder he directed Gabriel’s attention to where Sam stood. Seeing the archangel’s expression soften even as he lit up with delight, made Dean far happier than he ever thought he’d be when dealing with the capricious trickster.
Just as Chloe was about to respond there was a happy squeal from her side as Ella made herself known. “Oh my God you’re really Dean Winchester!”
Dean rubbed both hands over his face as he stared off into the middle distance. He wanted to pray so badly, but he didn’t know if he could stand it if Cas didn’t answer. They had spent so much time flirting over the years, just toeing the line between friendship and more and now that he had a true chance to change that, he was scared. He had been scared for years. Cas was an angel and Dean had never really known if the other man felt the same sort of emotions as a human would have. He certainly hadn’t at the beginning. But then that last day… Cas had blown that assumption right out of the water. He had proven to Dean that he did actually feel just as deeply as Dean himself did. The shock of what was happening had kept him from doing anything more than pleading that Cas not do what he was doing. But by doing what he did, by saving their son, Cas saved the world.
The video ended there with an advertisement for a Supernatural themed charity night at a nightclub called Lux being hosted by the Morningstar siblings, Castiel’s Angels, and a couple of other groups that Dean didn’t know. The date of the party was for the upcoming Saturday, which would give them just enough time to get to LA to crash the party.
“Sounds like it.” Sitting up a little straighter, Linda smiled softly. “Love is a wonderful thing. It is one of the most powerful things in any universe.”
If there was one thing Gabriel couldn’t stand, it was silence. Silence gave him time to think and if he started to think then he would start to fall apart all over again. He hated feeling like this. Like he was going to shake apart at the slightest provocation. It was a feeling that he had never had before. Well, he liked to tell himself that, but he knew that the feeling had been there after Asmodeus. It had been his hatred for the ones that had landed him with that bastard that had kept him together until nearly the end. They had taken care of the ass-butts, as Casi would call them, but then everything with Lucy…
Dean started thrusting with his hips, holding them in his hand, letting their pricks slide slickly in his fist. He could feel how Cass was reaching for his climax needing it and backed off, he wasn’t ready to let the fun stop just yet. Ignoring the whimper his Angel made he backed off so he could spread Cass’s legs wider, shoving his knees over his own shoulders so he could get at his perfectly tight hole which was just waiting for his tongue. ‘Cass don’t squeeze my head off.’
Castiel could only scream in horror as he watched his own Grace consume the Manananggal and the man he would sacrifice the very cosmos for.
“That’s what I’m afraid of, Dean I’m sure is trying to calm him down. This is going to be the longest Dean has been with Gabriel in the room.”
A hissing wind blew through the lobby as the three turned towards Sam and Gabriel. “Soooo moooooorrrrreeee tooooo kiiiillll. Gooood! Sweeeeeeettttt reeeeevvvveeennnngggeeee.”
What he couldn’t see though was how they were actually glowing like the Angel’s, how while Cass had been sharing his power with him, working it so they could become mates. The power flowing within Dean was concentrating within his heart. As he thrust up over and over again, hitting that special spot within the man he loved, the power grew, linking with the other’s holy power. Bonding together, separating, merging, rupturing, sharing, dividing, joining, sundering in a constant give and take between. Each time the powers mixed and split before they reformed, filled in more holes found in each being. Power growing closer each time, it all came together in a kaleidoscope of incandesce light as Cass and Dean found climax together.
“Sammy? We almost there?” Dean asked as he yawned, stretching his arms over his head before cracking his head to both sides to work the kinks out.
Running his hand through his hair, paying no attention to the slight frazzle it was sporting, he pursed his lips in annoyance. “Ugh it’s just I have no idea how to help him. I thought the bond thing would give me more but I’m not feeling much of anything.”
Dean had watched as the man was launched with no effort, nor had he missed just a few seconds afterward the whispers and worried or fearful looks being sent his way. Launching himself at his friend, he grab Cass by his breastplate and dragging him out of camp fast. He didn’t stop running till they were far from camp, using the light of his own wings, still ringing with Angel Crimson Fire to find his way.
Lapping at his hole, Dean started opening his mate up, spearing him like he had done the night before. At least Cass didn’t need as much prep as he, himself, did when they fucked each other. The benefits of being a really horny Angel who liked to take it up the ass. Grinning he growled against his rim, having to hold his legs tight when Cass bowed his back, howling his pleasure.
Shaking his head, blinking glimmering particles of dust out of his eyes, he decided to head to the workroom next. It was the most logical place after the library, and also closer to the facilities room. He knew he was going to need to check everything out and start repair work. No way in hell this much crimson, sea green, arctic blue and royal violet glitter was not buried in the ventilation system. He came up to the work room, quickly and wasn’t surprised to hear two familiar voice, speaking to each other. What they were saying he couldn’t make out but it was enough to know where they where.
“We can’t get out, what is going on? Oh god can someone call the police? We need to get out!” Another lady started pounding on the window, trying to draw the attention of those who were passing the bank on their own business. “HELP! Someone HELP! We can’t get out! HELP!”
Dean sighed as he slowly sat down on an extremely soft patch of grass, back turned towards his Angel. Castiel kneeling easily as he continued to work, plucking, straightening and repairing his feathers. “God that feels so good Cass, how long has it been since we’ve groomed each other?”
He had been in his room, sick of all the fighting, hating the fact he was being pressured to choose and he didn’t want to. He wanted a family, he wanted to go back to having fun, to living a life filled with love. Then Castiel had come and talked to him long into the night, assuring him that there was a way out of his troubles. That he could live the life of freedom he wanted and deserved. Shocked he had demanded how it would be possible and Castiel had giving him his solution.
Gabe answered the only way he could. He closed his amber whiskey eyes and drifted off to sleep once more.
Grimacing at the fair assessment of the terrain. “Okay let’s just walk down. I’ll go first so if something happens I might be able to stop myself. Charlie, Sam behind him.” Dean didn’t give them a chance to respond, pushing past them as he slowly worked his way down. Charlie and Sam looked at each other, before gazing at the bleak face of the Angel. At least till he returned it to his normal bland expression. Still it wasn’t hard to gauge his feelings. Dean’s wings continued to turn a deeper darker gray as the elder hunter left him behind once and for all.
“Yes Dean, come this way, there is a village not far, we can see what is happening there.” He bellowed back, not liking how the storm around them was growing astronomically. He could feel power backing it, dark power he was hard pressed to identify. Something evil was happening in this area and needed to be stopped.
Dean shook his vision clear, doing his best to ignore the painful throbbing in his head. Lifting his head at just the right moment, he watched as Castiel was blown across the land towards the wards forming the dark circle. Billows of deathly smoke flowed out of the hole which suddenly opened, pouring forth dozen of creatures he had never seen the likes of before. They swarmed over his mate, placing him in cuffs and a brutal looking collar before starting to drag him towards the opening they had come from.
“Yeah, like I said if you need more I’ll make more.” Sam started pouring his low sugar, low calorie, and in Gabriel’s opinion, low taste, sparingly over his two cakes.
“Possibly. I can’t see what is inside so I would suggest we proceed with caution.” Course if what was in the center was a danger to his mate, he would use all his powers to make sure he killed it. Just the idea of Dean dying was not to be tolerated.
Dean listened to his Angel’s words, feeling warmth flowing through him. It felt wonderful, he could feel himself relaxing, it was the first time since he found himself with a pair of wings attached to his back. “What about you?” He asked meeting the light blue eyes of his best friend.
Then those fucking fairies started showing up and screwing his perfect little world into the ground. What they wanted with him he didn’t know but as soon as he had the Winchesters settled he was going to find them and have a little conversation with them. Smiting if he had his way would be involved.
Cass puzzled over the sudden exit of Dean, thinking over the question he had asked, overlaying that with his actions. Why in the hell would Dean just run off like that? He had been making such good progress, then he had gone and asked his question. And as Cass tried so often to do, he had answered him with the truth. So why should Dean be so upset over his answer?
Sam glared down at the grinning loon, seeing the devilish merriment glowing in his whiskey amber eyes. Pursing his lips, he reached for another book, opened it then placed it on Gabriel’s belly. “Fine just don’t move much. I have other things to do.” He then proceeded to start reading through his latest text.
Nodding at the older man, they separated to dress. Thoughts already swirling as to what they might say.
The Angel of the Lord burned the creature out which had been growing within the hunter. Closing his eyes, he focused all his attention on eradicating the unholy beast attempting to change Dean into the monster they had come here to kill. Zeroing in on how it tried to flee, how it dug its tiny talon feet into his hunter’s organs to escape. Only there was no escape for this monster, Dean belonged to him and he would allow nothing to harm him.
The Angel listened as Dean moaned while he gently turned him onto his belly, rising above him, fitting his very interested prick in the crack of his ass. Moving back and forth he softly rubbed against the smooth skin, dripping his oil not only on his mate’s feathers but in the space between his cheeks. Leaning forward as he worked those honey colored feathers, he whispered in Dean’s ear, ‘I want you Dean.’
Cass continued to cough not that it did much good. He knew the dust was entering his lungs and settling. With the Fae magic he had been hit with this was just the icing on the cake for him. He would need to do a full purge of his system soon, dropping his vessel for a time to burn away every atom of fairy in his system. Course he would have to time it for when Dean wasn’t around so he didn’t worry the man when he left his body.
“Again you needed to tie him up for this?” Dean glared at the three, unknowingly placing himself between them and Castiel. His Angel needed to be protected and Dean’s heart knew he was the only would who would.
“How do you mean Dean?” There were many things about Sam he noticed, he had to in order to keep his own instincts at bay. He still found himself standing between the two brothers, when he could get away with it. When he had been sent out for food earlier he had debated whether he would even obey. Everything had growled and snarled at him to stick close to his hunter, to protect him from any and all danger. And there was danger in the woods only a few hundred feet from where they were staying. His well honed battle sense from billions of years of fighting were tingling down his spine.
“Nothing for now, I must go and seek out those I wish to speak to myself. Go and find her quickly. When you have done so inform me instantly.”
Standing he smiled at the two who had come to save his village. “Thank you Angels, please forgive me for being suspicious. As I think your ward is not fluent in español, I will speak inglés in return. We have had many troubles in the last week, please come with me and I will show you the latest to come since the unnatural storm last night.”
Smirking at the Angel. “Promises, promise… oh SHIT!” Dean instantly started power streaking across the sky as Castiel launched himself into the air after him. Mud, sticks and leaves falling from his person as he charged after his trouble making other half. Dean putting everything into his strokes, minutely changing the angle of his wings barely kept ahead of his pissed off pleasure pal.
“Here you go baby, wrap yourself up and we can head back to the room to get dressed.” Giving Cass a final peck on the lips, he wrapped his own warmed towel around his waist. Turning he made sure Cass couldn’t see the smirk on his face as he sashayed towards the door.
Instead they used Cass’s wing oil, it lasted at least a week, was slicker and allowed him to cut through the air faster. Other benefits to using Cass’s oil instead of his own, was it helped keep his feathers healthy, less cracking and splitting. Which was no joke, the first time Cass had to pull out a feather cause it was split down to the root, it had hurt like a bitch. It was then they discovered Dean’s own wing oil just wasn’t cutting it. It could be a tedious process coating his wings in oil, they were nine feet tall after all and Cass insisted on inspecting each feather. It also didn’t help in the least that as his Angel ran his fingers through his plumage, it felt really, really, REALLY, good. More than once the two started working his feathers and ended up working each other, before finishing his feathers.
Sam grinned wide at the man, “You sound like Dean. He is always complaining about the food I eat.” He took another bite of his breakfast.
“Sammy?” His throat was hoarse from disuse, jaw sore from being pressed deep into his stiff elbow. His back was screaming at him now that it was also awake and being forced to move.
“We will.” Castiel promised even as he once more deployed his wings, Dean following his example. With a powerful down sweep of his wings Castiel launched himself into the air, his mate following him as they raced into the sky, their forms quickly being lost from sight. The townsfolk watched in awe and disbelief at seeing visible proof of their faith.
“Closer my lady, bring me closer so I can kill that thing once and for all. Sam found and destroyed her lower half finally.” He snarled in her ear. She grunted her reply as she found more speed and climbed higher into the night sky.
The following day Dean left Castiel sleeping deeply in the cozy den with the nest full of pillows. He needed to find out just where the hell they were, so he could call Sammy and let him know they were alright. Standing outside the single room building he found himself in the largest god damn tree he had ever seen. The canopy was huge and they were no where near the ground. Giving a single look behind him to make sure his Angel was sleeping, he opened his wings and launched himself into the air. He had to cross his arms in front of his face, anticipating the many branches which would cut across it but none did. Instead they opened up before him giving him freedom to fly into the crystal clear blue sky. He did note they closed behind him, leaving no trace he had ever been there. Which was good, it meant Cass would be hidden from view till he returned.
There was no power in the room, understandable as it was an energy source and there was something out there sucking energy out of everything. Plus the storm probably took out the lines earlier. Still he could see perfectly fine and quickly made his way to the bed, laying Dean gently down. He turned when he felt heat hitting his back, seeing how the lady was starting to light a few candles.
“God damn it.” Still Dean crawled out of bed, getting dressed because he could feel his stomach complaining pretty shrilly. He watched as Cass threw on his own favorite pair of jeans, causing him to growl. When he saw Cass’s smug little smirk he growled even louder.
Sam must have caught him when he was watching the porn. Damn he knew he had it to loud at the time but couldn’t help himself. He needed something to distract him from the dirty thoughts he was having about a certain hunter. He had hoped watching multiple chicks going down on a guy would distract him.
Waving Castiel to follow him, “Yeah come on this way, they keep wanting to talk to Charlie cause she is one of the people in charge of the event, but they are working their way through everyone.” He paused as he considered something. “They have the car, thankfully we left nothing in it, but it's being guarded in case we come back. They are really interested in all of us.”
Cocking his head, he thought he heard Charlie talking near some cops, which wouldn’t do, so Sam it must be. Continuing to carry Dean, he wandered from shadow to shadow, trying to keep from being spotted. Hiding behind a wall attached to one of the few permanent buildings, he narrowed his eyes at the shadowed form standing in darkness. Dressed in black and gray robes, he had a hood on as he spied the people around him. While he was hunched over he appeared to be taller than most people, and no doubt would tower over them. Wondering what he should do, if the man turned around he would see himself even if he didn’t see Dean. He was on the other end of the wall, nearly 25 feet away, back to Cass. Then the man whispered into a phone he was holding allowing the Angel to tell who it was.
“Maybe…” She replied cheekily, before continuing. “Still that is what we found would be one way of doing so. You would need to take Castiel and umm well deposit your umm well you know, in him.” Her face was red at not being able to same come, even if she is describing ways to screw.
Casi pushed their way past the human medical personnel, only stopping long enough to scoop up the silver blade. “I’m here,” they murmured as they crouched next to Amenadiel and the fallen man. “You really do need to stop making us think you’re dead.”
He couldn’t resist, he tried, but he couldn’t resist the snark that came out. “And who the hell do you think we are, cause, I know who you are Secret Agent Man.” He pointed first to Lucifer and then to his brother. “But not you.”
As the video restarted a peppy blond reporter made what were probably supposed to be sexy faces at the camera.
Cas had the startling realization that he hadn't and in his surprise his words came out whispered on a sigh. "If I had, what would you have said?"
The words were bitter as they fell from her lips and he knew it, but he couldn’t help the flash of anger that he felt at them. “No, I don’t. None of us do. We have Grace.” With a high pitched whine, he flung his whiskey glass at the mirror behind his brother’s bar feeling the tears that he had tried so hard to hold back, start to fall down his cheeks again. As some if the shattered pieces of mirror fell, he saw Mazikeen take a step back from him. He didn’t even want to know what she had seen in his face in the moment that he had thrown the glass to make her react that way. Rubbing his hands over his face, he slouched down until his forehead was nearly touching the bar. “You’d think I wouldn’t cry so much at my age.”
He watched as Gabriel took that in with his eyebrows drawn together, his whiskey eyes dark. Lucifer could just about see how his little brother was taking that particular restriction in and integrating it into what he knew. After a moment his face cleared, and his eyes lit up. “So, screwing with them is still okay?”
It was another thing for Dean to regret. Looking back at everything, he realized that he had asked of the Archangel something that he himself would never do. Standing up to family is one thing but asking him to kill his own brother had been too far. For even though Gabriel may have been a vengeful trickster and archangel of Judgement, he still had a heart as big as Cas’. Bigger even. Seeing the fear and sorrow in the archangel’s eyes had brought it crashing down on Dean that he had done far more for them than Dean had realized.
Gabriel shook his head. It was a good guess, but… “That’s not it.” He shrugged. “You are Dad touched.”
Dean nodded as he stood. “Jack, you promise that going to this other place or realm or whatever, will help Cas.”
“Asmodeus?” The name was familiar, but he didn’t think that it was anyone he particularly cared about. Lucifer tried to think of who it was, but he hesitated when he realized that his little brother was just staring blankly at his own reflection in the new mirror that had replaced the one he broken behind the bar. Gabriel’s sucker was handing loosely from his fingers as he just kept taking in shaky breaths. “Gabriel?”
Feeling a blush creep up his cheeks, Sam cleared his throat and looked away from the archangel’s knowing eyes when Trixie started to giggle. He didn’t know what to do with the soft feelings that kept creeping up on him when he was around the shorter man. He had never felt this way for another male and it was a bit off putting, but at the same time… Once upon a time Jess had mentioned that even though she identified as straight, she had had an exception. It wasn’t because of their body that she had loved the other girl, it had been because of her heart and who she was a person. One night when they were curled together in bed Jess had in a quiet voice told him that if she were ever gone that someday even he might find someone who could be his exception. He had laughed, but she had gone on to say that if anything happened to her, he could move on with her blessing. He had said the same but hadn’t believed then that he would ever lose her. Now though… now he was starting to think that maybe he had found his exception, just like Jess had said.
Sam rolled his eyes at Dean’s one-word answer. “It’s Los Angeles. They are weird here. But then this is also a fancier place than we usually stay in.” He sighed and lowered the card. Staring out of the window for a moment, he sighed again. “Our room is on the other side. We have all day to rest if you want to. The thing at Lux isn’t until tonight.”
Ella laughed before she laid a hand on Castiel’s arm, charmed by how adorable they looked when confused. If she hadn’t loved Cas before, she certainly did now. “Not everything. Just a few things. I’ll start. I have four brothers and I used to boost cars.”
“Okay.” Dean let out a laugh at just how happy Sam was, rolling his eyes. Standing, he closed his own laptop before he moved around so that he could see Sam’s screen. What he did see made him snort.
Castiel tipped their head to the size and stared at Ella much the same way the character on the show had often stared at people that confused him. “He or they.”
Lucifer smiled softy, glad to see that his brother was showing concern for their other sibling. Putting on a falsely cheerful tone, he put aside his unease for his brother to be addressed in the morning during his session with Linda. “Of course, they will be. I sent them out with Amenadiel hours ago to fetch desert and a few more things for Casi’s room. I can’t have one of my favorite siblings living in a nearly bare room. Though I do have to wonder at your taste though… rustic chic?”
It had been brought home to him, when he had noticed one tiny thing, a moment that he doubted that anyone had really noticed, of Gabriel giving a longing look at Sam that first time that they had met. And every single time Gabriel was there after that, he turned to Sam. Like Sam was the damn sun or something. He was always looking to Sam for approval or reassurance. It was the same look that he had seen so many times afterwards when he himself was watching Cas.
This was beyond his expertise or experience. This was the sort of thing that even his demons knew better then to do. To enslave an archangel and to feed off their Grace… it was inconceivable. What kind of hellish world had Gabriel and Castiel come from? What had their Uncle done to them? No wonder his Dad had wanted them back so badly, aside from the fact that the lost-stolen-taken 144 were His children. At least Dad wasn’t
"I'm not going anywhere Dean.” Feeling like his heart was filled near to bursting with joy, Cas lifted up onto his tiptoes to almost touch his nose to Dean’s. Placing his palms on Dean’s chest, he gazed into his beloved’s tear filled green eyes. “I'm yours."
The pale man blinked up at Casi a few times his eyes not really focusing on them. “Casi?” His voice, when he spoke again, came out weak and trembling. “I think I really was this time.”
Dean was tired. The drive from the bunker in Kansas to somewhere close to Lux in LA was long. He was definitely feeling it. Dean could tell that he was getting older and all of the injuries that he had received over the years were starting to catch up with him. At least all of the ones that hadn’t been healed with Grace that is. Yawning, he pulled into a hotel parking lot and turned off Baby.
“I doubt you’d be able to keep up.” Amenadiel sounded confident in that, completely disregarding that Cas was rolling their eyes and smirking at him.
Currently Cas was trying to coax Dean out of his boots, scolding him about how the mats were not designed for shoes while his siblings start to stretch out. Sam was sitting off to the side out of the way on one of the padded benches that lined one of the walls. They were where he could watch, but not get hit accidentally. Sitting just a little way down the bench from him was a dark-haired preteen who was bundled up in an oversized jacket. He wasn’t sure who she was, but she had to have come with one of the others to have gotten to the gym.
Sinking to his knees, Lucifer reached out and carefully gathered his brother into his arms. With something like that in his past it was no wonder that he was wrathful. “And you shouldn’t.” Feeling his brother start to shake with building sobs, he tightened his arms carefully, running shaking fingers through his brother’s hair.
"I need you, Cas. I can't..." Dean threw his head back and took several gulping breaths. "I don't know how to be without you. God knows I’ve tried before. I can’t do it." He let his head fall forward until it was bowed over the angel's. When he spoke again it came out as almost a sob as he reached up with both of his trembling hands to take Cas’ face between his palms cradling the angel’s cheeks. "I love you Cas and I can't lose you again. Please, I can't. I can't do this without you."
I promise that the next chapter will be lighter, though there will be more emotionally charged chapters later, and I want to assure you all that I am doing my best to treat Gabriel and Castiel right. They are precious and deserve everything.
Cas pulled back and gave their brother an arched eyebrow as a response. “I’m not giving you your blade back.”
A soft voice accompanied by an equally soft presence floated out of space behind him. “Trauma doesn’t have an expiration date and neither do tears.”
Cas tugged on Gabriel’s sleeve, drawing his gaze back to themself. “He’s our older brother Sami. From before.”
Sam found himself nodding, as he came to realize that the man sitting across from him was definitely something out of his comfort zone. He had dealt with gods and demons, angels and just about everything Chuck could throw at them, but this being was something else. “Yeah, he… uh, yeah he is.” Taking a shaky breath, Sam sat up in his chair unsure what this particular god wanted with him. “Wha… uh… what am I supposed to call you?”
“Gabriel didn’t like them much either. He left the first time that realm’s Michael and Lucifer fought, choosing to reside amoung the pagan gods and humans. He was a trickster and was very fond of meting out, as Sam and Dean called it, ‘Just Deserts’. He did stop doing that for the most part after meeting them. Especially once they figured out who and what he really was.”
Leaning down, Dean murmured quietly into Cas’ ear, his husky voice both familiar and beloved. “You okay Cas?”
Ella tossed her head back and Lucifer wasn’t sure if she was having a religious experience or if she was just that happy. “Please, please, please, tell me that you are staying in LA for a while. I need to know everything.”
Gabriel pulled out a bright red sucker as he nodded. “Cain, huh. That asshole deserved whatever was given to him.” The younger angel tapped his sucker against his teeth a few times as he thought about it before waving it at his brother. “I think it was Dean-o who got rid of him in the other realm. Asmodeus liked to brag and bitch about shit like that.”
A frown creased his sibling’s brow as they thought about what he said, before their face cleared and they rolled their eyes. “Chuck and Amara.”
It hurt to hear his brother talk like that. It actually hurt to hear. When Lucifer spoke again, it was hushed and pained sounding. “But you still shouldn’t have done it.”
Sam grinned back at Dean as he nodded. “It’s nice to know where we’re going finally.” He ran a hand over his face, before brushing his hair back. “And Gabriel… man I really thought he was gone. I am so glad Elohim was able to save him.”
“Really Gabriel was it absolutely necessary to change out all of those officers’ uniforms for plumber uniforms.” Lucifer was just about at his wits end with his younger brother. The other archangel seemed to find nothing but mischief when he got bored. He didn’t know what to do with him. It was better than when he had been crying all of the time, like he had been the first week after he and Cas had arrived back in their home dimension. He had hoped that the upcoming charity function would at least provide some sort of distraction for Gabriel, but it seems that it wasn’t enough.
Sam nodded right as the elevator dinged and stopped, its doors sliding open. With a hand that was careful not to touch the wings themselves, the taller man guided Gabriel out and into the large room beyond. “They’re beautiful. I just thought...”
Sam’s head jerked up when he heard the unexpectedly deep voice that answered him. Sitting directly across the table from him in the chair that Cas used to sit in was a large black man who wore a soft smile. He was dressed in a tan t-shirt, sand colored cardigan, and blue jeans. There was an air of serenity and gentle affection emanating from Him and it immediately seemed to settle the wretched feeling that had been slowly building up in his chest ever since they lost Cas.
He waved a dismissive hand as he shook his head, while Trixie looked up at him curiously. “Maybe not, but you did learn not to turn into an emotionally repressed homicidal maniac when his contract came due.” Looking down at the young human attached to his side he smiled softly at her. “It was a big thing at the time. I tried to teach that lunkhead a lesson by sticking him in a time loop.”
The smirk was back on Dean’s face. “Nice to meet you man. Well now I’m no slouch in the fighting department, so if you ever want to give it a go, I’m always up for a friendly fight.”
Her smile turned sympathetic as she leaned forward to rest a hand on his arm. “I’m here to listen if you ever want to talk about them.”
Neither of them could know that at that moment, Gabriel had been singing with his brother, only to stop abruptly when he heard Sam’s prayer. They weren’t to know that the archangel, gasped before he starting to cry in happiness. They weren’t to know that he smiled and lit up with joy in a way that he hadn’t in years as he listened, pulling his younger sibling into a bone cracking hug as his older brother’s watched him bemused.
Sitting up, he turned to face her ignoring the demon that sat back down on the stool to his right. Studying her, he could see that she had been touched by his Father’s Grace at some point and had the almost ageless quality of many of his Father’s favorite prophets. Or rather Chuck’s. He didn’t know about the Dad he had just re-met, if He had that particular quirk in common with His Brother. “A human as the family therapist. Not quite what I’d expect, but you’ve obviously been touched by Grace at some point, so I guess that works.”
Green eyes snuck a quick look over at him, before drifting back to watch the road. The hunter shrugged. “It’s a good look. Bit smaller than I’m used to you being.”
“Nothing you can give me.” He didn’t turn to her when she huffed and reached over the bar for another bottle. Honestly, he was done. He just wanted to go back to his room and have this day be over. He was starting to think he understood Sammich’s issue over the whole Tuesday repeat lesson. It had been harsh, sure, but at least the kiddo had finally gotten it in the end. He had even forgiven Gabriel for it, not that he really deserved it.
Two guards, dressed in the uniforms used for the House of Healing, dark greens and sky blues. Each baring a staff, two swords and a small crossbow at their side. Many an enemy might want to take out a contender in a vulnerable condition, and the HeadMaster had no intention of subjecting any of his healers to that nonsense. The guards had standing orders to knock heads together if people stepped out of line with stupidity. And the guards followed those orders diligently and with a bit of glee at being able to do so.
Standing he snapped, “What the hell? Why would she say something like that? Where is the Consort now?” Turning he spotted the Scout Master who had led him here. “YOU come here!”
“Sweet Jesus Sam, how can you eat like that?” Horrified at the idea of not having pancakes drenched in sweet sugary syrup. He was both deeply offended and mourning how those two other cakes would never know the sweet satisfaction which was maple syrup.
“Great just what I need.” Then he looked at the messenger’s somber face, seeing he had more news. “What’s the rest of the news?”
Cass for his part, had simply sat in the passenger seat, gazing out the side or through the windshield. He spoke when asked questions, or his opinion was wanted. Like when Dean asked him if Cass would rather listen to something else, and the Angel responded with "I have no preference, listen to what you wish.” So much for getting his Angel on his side, he would have to work on his music taste so it never happened again. Course the biggest problem he had with Cass, was how he kept bumping the back of his head against his crotch. He didn’t have much choice, the road was shit, and the car didn’t have the greatest suspension. Dean planned on fixing it once he could crawl under again. There really wasn’t much room for his legs, and his friend was using his own body to help Dean from flying backwards off the car. The feeling of his head rubbing against his dick had him constantly thinking of earthworms, homicidal goats, or Bobby when he was super drunk and decided to run naked through the yard on a dare from an equally drunk Rufus.
They parted company after that, only to come across each other from time to time. Typically when some idiot and gained their joint attention and they set about their routine. Out prank each other till they finally made a last bet and see who could kill the guy. Puck typically won cause of some last minute run of bad luck… wait a minute…
Carefully, Cas moves his fingers to Dean's cheek, directs Dean's gaze towards him with a barely-there press.
"I wish we met..." he sighs. "Somewhere normal. A place where you weren't forced to hunt, and I wasn't like this," he gives a vague motion to his body. The one he wasn't born in, the one he only has because Heaven and Hell wanted to ruin everything.
Sloppy and mechanical, as Dean pulls the two of them off the ground. He doesn't look at the embers. The ash. His joins cry against all movement, each jagged step a chore. What should be solid ground slips loose under his boots. He has to catch himself with each half-stumble towards the house. Little snivels turn to full body whines, and Dean doesn't blame the kid. It can't be fun to get jerked around by some idiot that forgot how to walk right.
He's an angel. The worlds ending. Always ending. He doesn't feel that way. Can't, the equipment for it's not there. It's why he leaves, isn't it? And what the fuck could ever hope to start when it's all always falling apart? When they could fall apart.
They get the wood, and Dean can hardly remember it, the Nephilim. He sets the pyre up, the movements much too familiar and practiced. And the Nephilim doesn’t exist. Not until Sam insistently helps him finish the pyre that shouldn’t be, and retrieves it with a mumble that his son should be at his own father's funeral.
Jody, Claire, Kaia, and Alex are all around the table with them. Jody's the charmer she always is, talking about how she's grateful for the help and
God Dean can't recognize his own voice, pulled thin and hoarse. "You — you know that right? Bullshit." He shakes his head. Tries to take a deep breath that comes out only slightly less ragged. "You always left. And I — I get that you had to sometimes. But
He scoots back in place, flushed firm against the cushion. Their hands tangle together, and their knees are touching, and it's too much and not enough. But mostly not enough. Dean dares a glance over. Cas is staring at their hands, a pleased smile on his face.
Cas stands in the doorway, hunched in on himself. Dark strands of hair twist up in random directions, and the casual clothes Dean left him fit snugly.
"And then I'd wish we'd talk long enough to want to again. Have this… courtship process in the right order, without all the mistakes and lost time."
"This is stupid. It's not — voicemails ain't your style." His breath leaves, and exhaustion sets deep into his bones."You always just called back for the explanation. You'd leave 'em, though."
There’s a vehemence in the words, a truth that's a half step away from an accusation. He's had to have thought about it, combed the words over on his head until it was second nature.
Dean's lips quirk up for a moment, somehow still happy at idioms and pop culture references when they come from Cas. It falls as fast as it's there.
Dean's hand moves to his waist, and he surges forward, haphazard and messy. Dean takes it with a grunt and a fleeting smile Cas can only feel.
He manages a few bites. Its excellent, mouth-watering, home-cooked goodness he's missed fiercely since he got a taste for it the few days Mrs. Butters was around.
When his phone rings, dumped and forgotten on the other side of the room, he isn't quite sure how to let go. Like the ligaments in his hand have cemented in place, forgotten the muscle memory to make the movements happen.
The piles he has laid around him have grown increasingly larger as the weeks have drug on. Spiked exponentially when he decided not to call anymore.
"Guess this is like prayin', ain't it? Sammy caught me a few months ago. He wasn't even surprised I'm still doing this. Told me it was, uh — It was okay. Even if I just… never did. And you know what? I don't think l can." He gives a small laugh. "Hell, I only leave messages when I'm feeling, I dunno, brave? Like some part of me thinks you could still hear it and tell me to get lost."
But Claire isn't looking at him. Hasn't. She barely managed a glance up when he saved her — just a small nod and weary glance.
Dean flinches at the sting, darts his eyes away from the fire and turns his head a fraction more away from Sam. Towards the ground. Needle-like pricks shoot across his shoulders, the small movement enough to hurt after his necks been glued for too long.
He buries his nose into Dean's cheek, presses their faces together. When Cas drags his teeth over Dean's bottom lip, he moans.
His heart stutters. It's out of sync, fluttering slices in his chest. He digs his dirt-crusted fingertips into his stomach and jerks forward.
Dean looks at the food. Pork lathered in dark brown graveyard with a mountain of buttery mashed potatoes. There's a pile of carrots on Sam's plate. Dean opted out.
When the second call comes through, Cas mumbles something. Dean's shoulder slack, and he pulls his hands back, clammy and with a slight tremor.
Dean's throat is a constricted cage, each breath in has to be muscled in, down, out. Each wobble as much as the last.
Sam doesn't say anything to that, just scrapes a chair to the table, plops down, and buries his face in his hands. That's okay. Silence suits Dean just fine.
Dean flinches, his head jerks away. Cas lifts his hand to grab his shoulder, but stalls. Leaves it stuck in the air between them from a moment.
Ash has blown around the yard, smeared it in grey. Eyes downcast, pointedly away from the remnants, he beeline for the truck. Wind whistles by and smears ash across the lawn. Dean stares at the mustard-colored wet spots on Jack's clothes instead.
Dean swallows, his heart hammers hard in his throat. Timid even though the guy is unconscious, Dean grabs his hand.
A handful of deep breaths later, he leans down and fishes out a pink pacifier from the bag. Jack latches onto it, his pudgy face relaxed. Blue eyes float up to Dean. Innocent, full. It stings, and Dean turns away before his body uses whatever scraps of water it has left to make him cry again.
He's never been in the business of underestimating the Winchesters, realized that mistake in the first apocalypse. So maybe it'd be a bit foolish to start now.
Blue. Big and impossibly blue. Its shades too light, closer to ice than ocean, but it pulls something loose in him. It's — it's almost like —
"God I listen to it almost every night dude. Just hearing this stupid fucking line —  It's like hitting rewind, for a few seconds."
"Please." It's begging. He knows it is and doesn't care. He’d beg for weeks straight if it wasn’t useless. "Please help us."
His mind blanks. Turns to complete static — a jumble of half-formed thoughts about every reason he ever told himself not to.
Dean shakes his head. Blinks. Two things he never thought he'd see side by side mixed with the insanity of the day make none of this seem real.
Dean's combing through it all anyway. Has been since Heavens decided they have a no-call policy with anyone named
Yellow doesn’t compliment him well, and curtains aren’t good enough, but it's all Dean has to wrap him in.
It jolted his pulse. Compliments had a way of hitting him funny, but right then? In the low light of a picture-perfect suburban home? Right from the very human Cas who has sex and goes on dates and looks at Dean like he’s worth something?
He wipes his face off with the collar of his shirt. His skull screams in sharp pain, and his temples thud. And normally this would be too long of a pause, but normally you don't start a voicemail off trying not to sob, and normally they're made for people who can actually listen to them. So whatever.
She nuzzles his hand, sticks her nose against the brush, and a little bit of the stress from today lightens up.
It's small, swallowed whole by the thick yellow clothes Sam has it in. It yawns, puppy-like, and fixes his wide eyes on Dean.
"Okay, I'm gonna stop you there." Dean lays Jack flat against his shoulder and pats his back. "First of all, you really want a soulless dude and Lucifer's kid bumping shoulders? Don't think they could be, I dunno, a bad influence on each other?" Jack releases a puff of air and Dean adjusts him back down. He levels a hard stare at Sam. "Second of all: Moms
"Me too, but we're going to win this. And we're all gonna get out. You're going to, cause I—" his voice breaks off. He takes a deep breath, crushes Cas against him, slotted hard under his chin. "I won’t lose you again. I can't. So just trust me on that, okay?"
He has no god damn idea what he wouldve done without Miracle to talk to. Cause he could never get it out to Sam. Not those last moments. Not what Cas really means to him. Always too close to an edge of something larger than any apocalypse they've ever dealt with.
Slow enough that Cas has time to pull back, he runs his hand up his arm, cradles it against the back of Cas' neck. He leans across the small distance and kisses him.
And one night, a long time later, he's sitting with his back against his bed, nestled next to the end table he never used, he says the truth in a way he knows he should've years and years ago.
When he brings the engine to life, Zeppelin creeps through the speakers, one track after the next in an order he memorized long before Cas got the chance.
Cars are like a testament to the owner. The truck is immaculate. The burgundy shines — there’s not a spec of dirt marring the strips of pearl-white.
"But, to clarify, you take the cake. Not having you. I wish I spent the last handful of years living here, at the least."
It's a respectable distance. Close enough Dean would be able to sense him, far enough away they won't touch.
Sam's right. To get moving. They need to go. Need to... figure out what to do. But his legs are like boulders. Or rubber. Too heavy, too weak. It's the same result either way.
As her fur smooths, he tells her about the Empty. Its piss-poor lighting, the mind boggling way directions work, how it has this awful burnt-licorice and gasoline stench clung to the nothingness of its everything.
A beat passes. Nothing happens. He didn’t expect it to work. God's never really gave a shit before, has he?
The last time he fee a baby was a lifetime ago in some stranger’s home, babysitting with an ex-angel post attempted-murder. He and Cas had straightened out his not-dates house, and the baby started fussing. The bottle was already made. He didn’t think about it when he started feeding the kid. When Cas saw him, he gave Dean a pleased smile and said
Of course he's right. They knew Cas would be out cold. But leaving the room is still hard, and he lingers in the doorway until he gets a good look at Miracle's mess of tangled fur.
The last eight months haven't been easy. Not between the alcohol Sam eventually cut him off from, and the hunts getting sparse, and Jack being terrifying and gone until he wasn't.
"It's hard to believe he's really back. And — and maybe it'll be good. We could, I dunno, get you a yard?" He nods, smiles. "Yeah, I bet your spoiled ass would like that. The bunker ain't a place for pets."
"Yeah. Miracle. She uh — she helped me." He motions vaguely to his head. "Might not be batting a hundred up here if not for her."
He grabs the brush from the bedside table, casts on last look at Cas, and takes Miracle to the TV room.
The goal is to make the next chapter as long as the first two combined. And also still up in seven days.
And really what does it matter if he cries. Chucks gone, and The Empty, that — that thing got what was coming to it.
Words. People do speeches at these. But he opens his mouth and all he can do is stare at the glow of the lighter. After a beat passes, he tosses it.
Jack's waiting with Billy, and Sam decided to try and get some sleep sometime after dinner. Dean's been in pajamas just as long, but hasn't fallen asleep by the time Cas slips into his room.
Slowly, Cas looks back up. Dean sits the bottle of alcohol on the floor with a clank. Smooths his tshirt out.
He repositions the baby in his arms, cradles the head against his shoulder so he's more upright. The kid latches on to the plastic nipple with ease.
Dean accommodates him effortlessly. His hand is still a comforting weight on Cas' back, even if the rumbled dress shirt digs into his skin.
The last conversation he had with Cas is a blur. An actual conversation, not stress-filled bickering over the newest pile of shit dumped on their doorstep.
Miracle curls up on the other side of Cas, head flopped on his lap, right next to his balled up hands.
“Obviously.” She rolled her eyes and chugged more of her vodka bottle. “Just doesn’t seem like you are much fun right now.”
Seeing that the young woman was returning, Cas motioned that he would continue once they were alone. Taking their coat, they thanked her as they put their coat on. Motioning for Dean to follow, Cas led him farther down the hall to an unmarked door. Pulling him through and then down the stairs that were revealed. Surprisingly Dean held his silence until they had emerged together into the basement garage and even then when he spoke, it was just a quiet murmur of appreciation for the skill with which the valet had parked Baby next to Chloe’s Charger and Sami’s Corvette. He didn’t even speak when Cas handed him the keys that they had retrieved from the keypad locked cabinet where the valets kept all of the keys of the cars they parked.
Reaching out Sami laid a hand on Cas’ shoulder and grinned. “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t. Enjoy your reunion with your Dean.” With a little push, he waved them off as he dragged their older brother off deeper into the club, Detective Decker following behind with a smile.
Looking up he met the deity’s dark brown eyes and shrugged. He could feel that his brows were drawn together in confusion and tried to relax, but he had a feeling that it just made him look more lost. “So, I’m guessing that there is something that you think Dean and I can do about it.”
Tightening his grip on his glass, he nearly broke it, but stopped and relaxed his hand when he heard the glass start to crack. “As I said, not feeling it right now.”
A soft smile was his response before he sighed again. Opening his eyes, he blinked a few times before looking up at Casi. “Love me anyways.”
One of the hardest things that Sam had ever had to do was pick up his brother after Cas had disappeared into the Empty. It was hard enough the last time when the angel had died, but this time it was looking like the separation was going to be permanent. Jack had done a great deal to fix the world up after what Chuck had done, returning everyone that had vanished and all. But when Sam had asked about Cas, Jack had just smiled sadly and told him that the angel could never return to their Earth without there being dire consequences. The new deity had expressed his regret that he couldn’t offer more, but had told Sam not to worry too much, that his Uncle would take good care of Cas. He would have asked more about this mysterious Uncle of Jack’s, but the young god had tipped his head to the side, told him that he’d tell him later, and vanished.
Just as his brother was settling down and nearly asleep as far as Lucifer could tell, there was a ding from the elevator. Glancing over his shoulder, he was a bit surprised to see Chloe and Ella exiting while carrying grocery bags. Catching Chloe’s eye, he made a motion with his head to the body in his arms and hoped that she caught his meaning that her and Ella needed to be quiet. Thankfully, she did seem to understand, and he saw her shush Ella. After they had both placed their burdens down on the bar, the two women came closer to see what was going on. When she saw his sleepy brother, Chloe smiled softly and crouched by his side to run gentle fingers over Gabriel’s cheek.
Dean bobbed his head a few times. “Yeah, it’s a bit different.” He shrugged, seeming to be a bit unsure of himself before he very quietly spoke again, almost as if he were afraid of Cas’ reaction. “Do you miss your other one? You know... Jimmy?”
“That’s cool. My mom doesn’t let me watch it, but I’ve seen some of it at my friend’s house and it looks pretty cool.”
Letting out a little laugh, Cas shook his head. “No. This isn’t a vessel. Turns out Father gave us corporeal bodies in this realm and this is what I looked like originally. Before.”
“Damn right. I’m not going anywhere without Baby.” Looking down at Sam, Dean nodded. “Let’s do this thing. Tell me what we need to do, and we’ll get it done.”
Sam could feel himself start to grimace at the reminder of those stupid books that Chuck had written when he had been playing Prophet. It wasn’t helping that in this world, they were a TV show, like in that one reality that Balthazar had sent them to. “Yeah.”
He shook his head and shrugged. “I just met him a couple of days ago. I’m friends with his brothers, Cas and Gabriel.”
With an obviously fake offended look, Gabriel took a step backwards and placed a hand on his chest. “After everything I’ve done for you and Dean-o.” When Cas only rolled their eyes and tipped their head to the side, he laughed. “Well it was worth a shot.” Pulling Cas into his side, he scanned the slowly dispersing crowd, his eyes coming to rest on the taller brunette that stood behind his brother. “And you…” his head tipped to the side in the same manner that Cas’ had. “You look familiar. Have we met?”
Elohim laid a hand on Jack’s shoulder before meeting Sam’s gaze Himself. “What We need is nothing more than you and Dean to be willing to go to My realm to help My children. Your work here is basically done. Jack tells Me that there is little to nothing holding you here.” He shrugged as he amended that statement. “Well Dean more so than you, but you… you could go either way. This world would keep on turning if you were in it or not. Your time isn’t for a long time yet, but Dean’s is limited.”
The younger Winchester ran a hand though his hair as he laughed. “Sure. I could go for a drink, but I don’t think we’re up to ‘chilling’ yet.”
Gabriel couldn't stand silence, it gave him too much time to think. His brother's demon friend wasn't helpful either.
He could practically smell her fear. He wasn’t a trickster god for nothing. He knew the guilty when he felt them. A thread of malice wound its way through him at the thought of giving the demon her ‘just deserts’ as his Sammich had taken to calling it. Just as he started to plan out what he could do to torment the demon without killing his brother’s pet, he was interrupted when Doctor Linda let out a noise of comprehension.
Sam nodded as his eyebrows drew together a touch of confusion coloring his expression. “You keep switching pronouns.” When Gabriel shrugged, he continued. “Why? I thought Cas was a guy.”
“Yup.” Resting her head on Gabriel’s shoulder, the girl let out a happy sounding sigh as she turned her attention back to Sam. “I’m Trixie Espinosa. I stay with Lucifer sometimes after school when my mom and dad are working.” She patted the Archangel’s chest. “That’s how I met GeGe and Cas.”
Casi nodded, glancing over their shoulder once, before looking at Lucifer. “Thank you, Sami. My wings were not corporeal where I was prior to this.”
Sam felt lightheaded as he felt the blood drain from his face. Covering his mouth with a hand he tried desperately to keep the building panic he could feel in his chest from bubbling over and coming out. “And Cas?”
Rather than angering Lucifer, Dean’s snark actually made the archangel laugh. Dean could see that he was just getting ready to say something else when he was shoved to the side so that he fell into his brother. The space where he had been standing was immediately filled by the youngest archangel who was grinning, his whiskey eyes dancing with laughter as he watched his brothers stumble over each other.
“Castiel. I need Casi.” The brunette finally seemed to lose his strength as his knees gave out, his blade falling with a clatter to the floor. He would have fallen to the floor himself if he had not been caught by the timely appearance and intervention of Amenadiel. “Please. Casi…”
Cas nodded their agreement. “It is. It was my love for Dean that saved him and allowed me to come here and find out the truth. It was our Father’s love for us that saved Gabriel after an alternate Michael killed him. It was Gabriel’s love for humanity that led to him sacrificing himself to save Sam and Dean. It’s Sami’s love for the both of us that lead to him asking you to help us and to him taking us in. And I think that it’s love that will help Gabriel heal. I don’t know how, but I have to believe that it will.”
Lucifer was reluctant to share, but somehow, he knew, he just knew, that his brother would not let up until he had disclosed who it had been. “Cain. Dad was only willing to look the other way because it was done in the defense of the Detective and myself.”
Dean was about to agree with Sam when he realized what his brother had said. “You knew?” He caught his brother’s eye and noticed that the younger man was now looking sheepish. “You knew that Gabriel was alive. How long have you known Sam?”
Both of Daniel’s hands came up and froze in the air in front of his shoulders as his jaw fell in shock. “Wait… wait… you, you… you mean to tell me that there is an angel in there?”
Both Dean and Sam started to laugh as the video continued after Sam muted it. This time the video shifted to a clip of Lucifer Morningstar at a crime scene, the tiny figure of Cas standing by his side, while Gabriel sat on a park bench looking bored in the background. Dean knew that there was going to be mischief the instant he saw Gabriel catch sight of the person filming him and his siblings. His eyes lit up and a smirk overtook his expression. His hand lifted and Dean rolled his eyes as the archangel snapped his fingers before giving a little wave. A split second later everyone on the video jumped as the camera swung around to where a fire hydrant had popped behind the camera person. By the time the camera swung back around Gabriel was gone and Lucifer looked about one second away from popping a blood vessel. Cas just looked bored.
Sighing, Lucifer reached up and rubbed his face. Thousands of years. There was no way that he would be able to keep his brother from extracting vengeance for slights if that was the way he had been for that long, but maybe he could impose a few rules or at the least let him know what the big rules in this realm were. Holding up a hand he forestalled anything further that his brother might have said. “Dad has one big rule for us. It is a rule that only I have ever broken, and Dad actually condoned it. We do not kill humans.”
Nodding Ella took the box and placed it on the counter next to her, before patting the place that Chloe had been sitting prior. “Hop up and tell me all about yourself.”
“Doctor Linda Martin is my family’s therapist, and she is also the mother of my nephew Charlie.” Cas shrugged, falling silent as Dean turned into a hotel parking lot. He did not speak again until the door to Dean and Sam’s room was closed behind them and they had once more turned to face the other. "I know you said that Jack and Father brought you across, but Dean, why are you here?"
Rubbing a hand over her face, Chloe moved away from the prep area and hopped up to sit next to Ella on the counter that she was occupying. The detective seemed tired and like she didn’t really want to be the one to talk to Ella about Lucifer’s brother. “Lucifer should be the one explaining this, but I guess I get to since he needs to take care of his brother.” She paused as she thought. It was her serious ‘I’m totally the boss’ face. “Well, I know that you are a fan of the show Supernatural.”
Dean has discovered Netflix and that their new world isn't so disconnected from Chuck's books as he thought.
Lucifer briefly glanced at Daniel, before quietly suggesting that the human head to get more information from the receptionist.
Just as Lucifer was about to respond there was a loud shout in multi-phonic Enochian that echoed through the hall outside. “Do not touch-handle-grab me!”
Sam couldn’t help the tiny flair of jealousy that streaked through him at her words. It was illogical and he didn’t know why he had even felt it. Gabriel wasn’t his anything… maybe a friend, but Sam wasn’t sure he could quite quantify what they were. He had a feeling that Gabriel had deeper feelings than Sam himself did. Jack knew the Archangel flirted with him incessantly. But seeing him being kind to a child left an odd warm feeling in his chest after the irrational flair of jealousy fled. “So, who’re your parents?”
Dean’s silence was starting to make Cas nervous, when he didn’t speak for the first few minutes after they had pulled out of Lux’s garage. It was just as he was starting to get up the courage to speak himself, that Dean spoke again.
“You must be Castiel.” Ella tried to interject as much warmth and cheeriness into her voice as she could, given that her head was now full of new info on Lucifer’s familia. “That's Chloe. I’m Ella, she/her. I work with your brother. So, just curious, and you can totally tell me to shove it if you want, but what are your pronouns?”
His brother’s voice startled Dean out of the vague sort of feeling that he was getting due to his exhaustion. Nodding, he relaxed back into his seat as Sam got out of the car and headed into the hotel office to get them a room. It shouldn’t be too hard. Jack and Elohim had provided ID’s and a pretty hefty back account for them to use. All of it apparently legit, too. It was weird to have money and ID’s that wouldn’t get them arrested. At least their ID’s showed their real names and not some made up shit like they had used before. He couldn’t wait for this all to be over and for them to be back together with Cas.
Cas’ attention was drawn back to his brothers when Gabriel nudged his arm, though not before he too had glanced up with curious eyes to where Cas had been looking. The grin that had grown on the archangel’s face had been worth the soft smile that graced the other angel’s face after Dean’s one word impromptu prayer. The two siblings murmured quietly to one another as their brother settled himself on the piano bench and set about getting himself ready to play. After a moment of their inattention, he knocked on the top of the piano to get their attention, a small inquisitive frown on his face. Dean could see him roll his eyes from where he was at, at the twin mischievous smiles that were his siblings’ reply to him.
The elder deity smile and held up both of His hands. “I can transfer it to My realm or leave the original here and just copy it. I leave it up to you.”
Gabriel pressed his lips together and shook his head again. “Nope.” Rubbing a hand over his face, he turned his head away to stare at the whiskey bottle again. “No problem here.” He sipped at his drink this time ignoring the disgusted look that took over her face.
Hopping off the bar stool, he ignored the startled exclamation of the demon and jogged the short distance to sweep Cas up into a hug. Once he pulled away, he grinned at the relieved expression on baby bro’s face. He waggled his eyebrows just to see Cas’ eyes lighten more. “What do you say we go bother big bro down in that fancy club of his? Get up to a little mischief.”
Lucifer hummed as he lowered his hands, keeping them in sight dropped by his sides. Going back to English, he replied, “Right now we are in the Emergency department of one of the local hospitals in LA, but I am guessing that you want to know what universe this is. According to some, this is Earth 666, but according to Dad, this is the universe that you are originally from before the Schism, before our Aunt and Uncle stole you and 143 other fledglings.”
Cas knew what they themself needed and personally they needed Dean. It was odd to not have the gender of Jimmy Novack anymore, but at the same time… he… they… it was hard to pick or even know what they were anymore. Cas had been male for over a dozen years and gotten quite used to it even though they had been female in the vessel prior to Jimmy and nongendered when in-between. The body that Cas currently occupied was both and yet neither and Sami said that it was what Cas had originally had and that it was up to them what gender they wanted.
Cass who was thinking about a salad shook his head with a fond smile. “Fine how about a turkey club with soup of the day?”
Dean did as he was told, his orgasm was on the line after all. He pounded into his mate’s ass hard, hips pistoning like a race engine as he fucked his Angel. The bed, specially reinforced banged heavily on the walls, echoing down the hall ways. Sweat dripping down his face, landing on his mate’s chest, Dean leaned over and licked the droplet away. Cass hissed at the contact wishing for more but not at the expense of not getting railed hard by his hunter.
“Don’t worry Dean, I’m still going to fuck you.” Before strong teeth latched onto his lobe and began to suck.
“Of course Sire, it shall be done.” He turned and raised his fingers to his lips. Giving a piercing whistle he got her attention. When she looked in her direction he waved her off with a nod of his head. She in turn started shouting orders, a mage of the LeShay variety opened a portal to Elfhame and in just a few moments half the troops were marching through it. When it closed silence descended on those who remained. “She will watch over the Second Son and his Consort carefully. She will not allow harm to befall them, at least that which isn’t outside of what is typical of the kind they encounter.”
Walking over to the car in question. “I would be more than willing to drive Sam, but I do have one question for you.” Cass said, staring into the interior of the machine.
Sam showed her some other berries they could pick from, stripping them bare as well because they both knew they needed to get food into Dean. He was pale, unbalanced and not all with it at times. Food would be the key to getting him better. Both looked up when they heard a squeal as if something had just died, Sam going for his gun, pushed Charlie behind him and into a bracket of trees for defense. Five long minutes later when no other sounds reached them, he relaxed enough to let her move about. The rustling of some bushes alerted him to a new entity near them.
He crinkled his eyes though with mirth as he moved to the juncture of groin and thigh and bit down hard. Dean yelped at the unexpected pain, before sighing as it was soothed with gentle licks. Cass bit him again, listening to his second yelp before soothing him once more. Repeating the same bites and licks, leaving multiple marks, enjoying the way Dean squirmed as he made his way around his cock. Lifting his head he could see the lovely ring of red all around the thick shaft and heavy balls he had left. Dean was panting as he lay back in the mud, chest heaving as he tried to control his need to come.
“Typical Dean stuff, Cass isn’t much better. They won’t talk to each other about the important stuff and when they do they always say the wrong thing.” Sam walked easily beside her, scanning the forest for food and enemies.
Sighing Dean agreed. “I know he won’t, but we don’t have any other choice. It’s either this or we watch Gabriel die.” And he wasn’t going to let that happen, not with what he was already seeing from Sam. His little brother was a bit too interested and invested in the Angel. He was fine with that, as long as Gabe did right by his little if something did develop between the two. Now if they could just figure out why Cass couldn’t stand being near Sam or having Dean be in the same room as Gabe, because to do this spell he would have to be.
Sam picked up the pack, put it on his back before turning to Gabriel. Bending down he gripped him around his shoulders, thankful Cass was able to heal him. He felt a spark course through his system for just a moment, didn’t hurt but did surprise him. Ignoring it as nothing more than static electricity, he lifted the naked man as best he could, getting his arms around his shoulders and under his legs. Standing he staggered for a moment as he discovered that for a little guy he still weighed a ton. ‘Must be all that sugar he likes to eat. Course it never made his temperament any sweeter.’ He smiled fondly for a moment as he looked down at the helpless Angel. Gabriel was one of a kind and could be all kinds of pain in the ass, he was also a good guy at the end of the day.
It's almost funny, to imagine. Maybe in a far off reality, they'd get married, and Jack would be a normal kid they adopted. And Sam would've made an excellent lawyer.
And then, like a rational human being. He hangs up and pretends that whatever that was didn't happen.
The flames exist in his peripheral. It has a presence, a force of its own that presses into the side of his mind. He scratches jagged lines into the useless soil, curls it in his hands and doesn’t look.
"I've loved you so fully in the time we've known each other, that whatever I was before may as well not exist."
Jack cries when Dean slams the door. He strangles the steering wheel between his hands, hands that itch to inflict. Hit. Destroy. Sure as fuck not to nurture, not to quell the newborn screams, because Cas was wrong. Dean isn’t good at this.
But the screen goes blank, and all he can see are his puffy red eyes reflected in the black screen, and that's motivation, so he gets ready for bed.
Cas runs his bottom lip between his teeth and doesn't look at Dean. Doesn't say anything either. Just nods, walks over, and sinks into the couch.
"Y'know I— I would. I'd do it proper now, Cas. Still can, just one more fight. We can have it, if you want."
like the room shouldn't feel cool, and his shoulder shouldn't ache. But the slow slip of his powers is one more thing going wrong. You have to draw the line in the sand somewhere. So he's already decided he doesn't care, as long as there's something for tomorrow.
"S'okay. Gonna —" he swallows hard. Tries to shove away the distinct pin-prick in his tear ducts that always means he needs to man the hell up. "Gonna get you to a bed, okay?"
At some point he lets the weakness in his legs win out and slumps to the ground, baby held close to his chest. The dirt around them is bone-dry, and any intermittent patches of the dying, green grass are almost choked out completely.
