Tony was still in the medical unit in the helicarrier. His only serious injury was a minor concussion and he had collapsed because of exhaustion. The rest were scratches, cuts and bruises. Mjolnir had really saved him there.
The Avengers Quinjet breezed by the Helicarrier, before landing in the parking lot. Tony sprinted to it as fast as he could.
None of the AIs were responding, and Steve knew this was a recipe for disaster. He quickly slipped into a pair of track pants and a shirt, and took his shield.
The room door opened and Bruce, Natasha, Thor and Clint exclaimed in unison, “Good morning doctor!!”
“Like a man out of time,” Tony completed the sentence. “I know Cap. I feel that too. I know that this is my future. But me, my four-year-old self doesn’t belong here.”
“So that’s why you asked us to pack our presentation clothes…” Clint thought. “You know, I’ve never had a three-course fancy meal before.”
“My parents ran out of here with my older brother and some guy pushed me down,” she said, pouting a little. “They didn’t really come back for me. So I’m just hiding here. It’s fun to watch the Avengers anyway, especially Black Widow!”
He carried both the babies up. Linda saw that. Her laughter just vanished, like it got drained out of her face. Steve gave her the babies. He then collapsed onto the sofa, beside baby Bucky. Steve cupped his face using his hands. It was getting overwhelming for him. He sighed heavily. That was when Bucky’s little hands held him. Bucky was on his knees on the sofa, both his hands on Steve’s arms. Steve lowered his palms so that he can get a good view of Bucky. The little one now snuggled up near him.
“I slept for 70 years. Not a 100.” Steve said. Tony had a very light smile on his face, which he was not aware of.
The portal was closing with an agonizing pace. The four of them pressed on, not caring about the pain that was emerging. And soon, their efforts paid off.
Tony looked down at himself. He touched the shirt label that was in front and closed his eyes, trying to get his patience back together.
“YIIKKES!!” Janet squealed. She lifted her foot up and held it, bouncing around in pain. She was wearing open toe flats, which revealed her skin turning red.
When Natasha pulled Clint away, they both fell back near Steve’s legs. Steve was giving them a skeptical look now.
Tony realized that the four of them were looking at him from the swing set. He exhaled loudly and gave them all a thumbs up. Clint decided to go and help him up.
Wanda settled beside Natasha. She too got angry upon hearing how her teammates were attacked and on how she was strangled. She was ruffling Bruce’s hair.
Steve wasn’t looking at Tony or didn’t attempt to have any conversation. He kept looking at the cliffs they were driving past, while hugging himself tightly. The wind was beating past him and he was drying quickly, but he didn’t look happy. If anything, he looked really miserable.
Howard’s nostrils flared. “I didn’t let Maria give birth to a misfit!!!” he screamed. And he raised his hand to give Tony a tight slap.
The rest of them nodded their heads. Natasha and Clint left Coulson and Bobbi at the communal level. They went to their rooms to get their injuries checked.
“Good job you two,” he praised them while kneeling in front of them, so that they were at each other’s eye level. He was looking at the complete puzzle in awe.
Tony gave her a thumbs up and started his engine. Bruce put on his seatbelt, as he was right beside the driver’s seat, while Clint was chilling at the back.
“Master Barton,” Jarvis cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow, looking professional. “That is a valid move and at this point, Master Odinson has one and you, nil.”
That sent Tony howling with laughter. Steve and the others were doubled up with laughter. Even Thor was chortling at that. For a moment, they all had forgotten their troubles and were just chuckling and giggling.
“Uh Tony?” Steve asked in a voice that was barely above a whisper. “Could you… do something about the wind? Like, d…drive slower or something.
Kayla and Steve were watching in silence, at the great Tony Stark handling a little baby delicately.
“Everything is but fine,” Thor suddenly said, staring into his bisque. “Friend Steve needs some action tonight with friend Tony.”
“What is he talking about?” Doctor Strange asked. He created a shield for Reed and proceeded to push another Frost Giant back.
Tony couldn’t help but laugh at that. He got out of the car, taking his wallet out. “I’ll take one home.”
Falcon swooped in and grabbed Bucky. They both landed near the portal to help push back the Frost Giants. Luke and Jessica were tossing some of the Giants to Hulk, who punched them straight in. T’Challa cleverly dodged their assaults and kicked the Giants back.
Thank you so much to everyone who waited for the next update, really, I'm so very grateful for each and every one of you. I hope you enjoy the story!
Rhodey turned back and smiled. “Yeah. Tony and I can deal with him, with General Ross. No worries Sam.”
Kayla now had enough strength to get up. She crawled, in pain, and picked up little Natasha, who was crying as she had hit her head lightly on the dining table when she fell. She then moved towards Clint and Tony. She pulled them closer to her. She was holding onto all the 3 babies. The Doctor saw that Tony was in better hands, so he got up, already feeling frustrated because of the Frost Giant’s actions.
Natasha Romanoff walked to Tony. He had managed to get to her once Bruce asked for the Avengers to assemble again. Only both of them were in the jet. “Are you still nervous, Tony?” she asked him.
Steve looked up. He then looked back at Tony, whose eyes were lit up with excitement. Steve smiled softly. "You already are one, Tony." Steve whispered. Tony looked at him. He was grinning and Steve could see that the little boy was very tired already. "Alright, let's go back." He carried Bucky and walked back home.
The engines came to live as the back entrance slowly closed up. Within seconds, the jet lifted off the field. They watched from below, as the jet soared high into the night skies.
Near the television set, Wanda was clinging onto Linda. Bucky’s eyes watered as he had seen Tony squirming in pain on the floor and Bruce was trying to get out of Linda’s grip to hit the Frost Giant, who had just hit his best friend, hard. There was a little green forming on his skin, but Linda was patting his back. That relaxed him, just a bit.
“Only for one reason,” Jarvis turned to face him. “I don’t know Master Rogers, and I don’t want him to affect you like how that Whitney Frost did.”
For a moment, the only thing visible in the communal level was a bright light. Clint flew back. Once he landed hardly on the floor, he frantically searched for his bow, and his hearing aids that had fallen off. He quickly found his hearing aids that were right beside him and secured them. He also saw where he had landed. He was inches away from the broken long paneled window, also, inches away from falling to his death.
The kids clapped their hands as Sam stood up to bow in front of them. He looked proud of himself. Steve was laughing at this.
“You both are… well, more than friends,” Natasha said. She was curling Tony’s hair using her finger.
In the evening, the six of them were getting ready to go to the restaurant in Sunset Boulevard. It was a Steakhouse, with a formal setting. Tony had taken the extra mile to book a Limousine for the six of them.
“I’ll join you in a while, Tony,” Steve smiled. He gave Tony’s forehead a soft kiss, before allowing him to peel away from him.
It was late evening. The baby cots had arrived and were placed in the room. They were pretty small and were placed side by side. Kayla, Steve and Bruce were playing with the babies. They all were about two years old.
Tony sighed. Bruce and Thor had already told him pretty much the same thing earlier, when he was on the way up to the communal level. Talk about awkward elevator conversations.
“You know what, partner?” Steve spoke. “I just want to make things right. Whatever happened, I’d like to put that behind me, and hold your hand forever. Oh Tony…” Steve sighed.
The car now turned into an isolated stretch of road. It wasn’t long before they stopped in front of a turning. Jarvis honked three times. The others who were asleep jerked awake.
I will try my best to update this story and my other stories as best as I can! Thank you for your patience, guys!! I love you all! <3
Steve pursed his lips at that information. “Seems really suspicious. But… I’m just glad you’re safe, Tony.”
But he managed to keep his cool and watched Obadiah slowly walk in. Tony’s hand quickly exited the mainframe and he opened up the server window, all while focusing his gaze on Obadiah.
“The stone,” Steve started. He was standing now while carrying Bucky. Bucky’s little arms were draped around his neck. “Didn’t go so well.” Kayla didn’t understand. Not until Linda came down with Bruce and Wanda on each arm.
“Okay,” Steve stood up. “Hawkeye, I need you and Natasha to pair up. Wanda and I will be another pair. Your pair and mine, we’ll take to the streets. Falcon, air reconnaissance, report from upstairs as to what you see, don’t get caught. Heavy hitters, wait until we
“Mr. Hogan, is Ms. Potts in the office?” she asked in her best customer service voice as possible. Tony almost laughed at how formally she addressed Happy. “Alright, bye.” She turned to Tony. “She is upstairs. I have to give you a badge if not Mr. Hogan will lecture me.”
In the middle room, Steve was checking on Tony. Their clothes were still squashed in their luggage bags.
Tony set the paper on the coffee table. When he walked past Steve, he gave him a wink. Steve didn’t expect to see a blush crawl up Tony, but damn, it was the cutest thing Steve saw.
“Then get them back,” Steve sighed. The battle was going nowhere and Steve knew all teams were tired already.
Tony’s eyes slowly fluttered open. The light was too bright for his sensitive eyes. So he shut it back immediately, but opened them again. His frown deepened. He had no recollection or whatsoever of getting to wherever he was right now. So he tried to analyze his surroundings.
The jet was making its final descent towards LAX. There was the announcement about keeping the seats upright, windows open and tray tables stowed. Tony chucked away his crossword puzzle book into his bag. He pushed up his tray and locked it into position. As he was sitting at the window seat, he lifted up the window shutter. The sunlight hit him suddenly, and he squinted his eyes.
Tony poured himself a piping hot cup of coffee. He quickly drank it without flinching. “I’m sure I did. See you all later, if any idiot decides to do something stupid.”
“Both your suits are here.” Natasha handed them their items. “Take care of yourselves. Stay low both of you.”
“Kid-self didn… didn’t get much praises at that age…” Tony was beginning to whisper now. “He would’ve appr… appreciated your words.”
Tony immediately raised Mjolnir, and a light blue force field surrounded the little boy. Tony closed his eyes, and his face scrunched up as he focused on making sure the force he was resisting wouldn’t throw him backwards.
Clint turned and walked away to his lecture theater. Tony decided to walk back to the hostel to take a shower.
What they didn’t know was that Jarvis was standing right behind them and had seen Steve kissing Tony. Also, he wasn’t sure what to feel about that.
It didn't take Steve long to realize what was going on. He sighed heavily, looking up at the deep blue skies.
“Did you just replace the word ‘sexy’ from that song lyric?” Clint asked. He raised an eyebrow at Tony.
Steve was smiling at the others. The memories of the kids running around and playing was still fresh in his mind. He could still hear their giggles and them fondly calling him,
“Abandoning your date, Rogers?” Tony asked, eating another piece of cake, as Steve settled back down.
Hi everyone! Sorry for my long long absence. I've been very busy with school. Sadly, I can't update the story on a weekly basis, but I will update it when I get the time to do so. I'm sorry about that, guys, I'm really busy.
"Stee, can I be star?" little Tony pointed at the sky and asked. They stopped for a minute near the empty field before turning to go home. Steve was carrying him. He was holding Bucky by placing his arm across his little chest. Bucky was standing near Steve's legs. He was hugging them while kicking the grass.
Then Asgard had an attack from the Frost Giants, which Thor described as ‘ruthless’. The Frost Giants were there for the special stones, which could de-age any living being without affecting the time. So anyone could turn from 20 to 10 and still live in the present time. The special stones were split into two. They should not have cracks as the crack was the one that de-aged anyone who touched it. So the stones were supposed to be smooth. The Frost Giants had obtained one half of it. They were looking for the other half. The combination of both stones will make the owner powerful .
The three men ran out of the portal and back to New York. Scott was running with Tony, to get his suit back on.
She was wearing a scarlet red short dress, with red heels. Her lipstick was bright red, and she looked really stunning. Her hair was let down, and she had them neatly curled to look really wavy.
Tony jerked awake. He was panting and was holding onto the car seat. He was squeezing the leather seat, leaving marks on it. His face felt hot, even though it was coated with sweat.
“Communication is key, Tony,” Natasha leaned forward and said. “You can tell us, only if you choose to. We won’t judge you!”
The six of them nodded their heads. Tony sat at the driver’s seat of the Audi convertible. He started the engine, and waited for the rest of them to get in. Steve was riding shotgun. Bruce sat at the back first, followed by Natasha and Thor.
Steve turned to look at all his teammates. They were looking at him with confidence. Of course they were going to have to be prepared.
The rest of them started to focus on the battle. The flamethrowers have already run out of fuel and the Frost Giants weren’t giving up. They slowly started to make their way towards them.
“I was what, about 17?” Linda asked Kayla. “Wow, it has been 7 years since I moved in here!” Linda clapped her hands. Her face was lit up with the joy of that sudden friendly realization.
He flew straight towards the second portal and stopped just a few centimeters away from it. The others moved out of his way. Sam then launched the flames at the portal. Several Frost Giants began to melt. Some of them ran back down the portal. That was the first time they all heard the Frost Giants’ screams. Sam cheered while firing in.
“Guys, I’m closing in on Strucker,” Tony informed his team. “Jarvis, I’m going to breach the Quinjet at full speed. Divert power to shields.”
What a stupid way to ask Tony about his feelings? Why did he have to do it this way? All these questions kept popping up in his head and he needed to so desperately tune them out.
“I didn’t go back home for the night and Aunt May’s gonna be worried!” Spidey started to panic. “Oh my, what do I do?”
I have a new Tumblr account where I post textposts! Come check it out and say hi vanillaavengerlings.tumblr.com
He couldn’t stop thinking about the day, about how it went. About Tony asking him if he could be a star, the look on his face, the Frost Giant strangling Wanda and Steve fighting him. He shuddered when he realized how ill-prepared they all were. At the end, when Steve turned to his right side to fall asleep, he noticed how his hands were trembling.
Tony laughed to himself as he heard the commotion he had just created. He went back to 6-39, and to his room. He switched on the ceiling fan and air conditioner and placed all the pieces of paper on the ground, so that they would dry soon.
“Ah, you’re welcome,” Thor nudged at Clint, and Clint nearly choked on the bite of French toast he took. He really hadn’t expected Thor to have been the one to make the coffee.
There were many boxes in his room. The clothes that were inside his wardrobe were all neatly laid out on his bed, courtesy of Steve.
A weird looking tall man, wearing just short bottoms, with red eyes and weird patterns on the skin, was strangling Kayla’s neck with his right hand and strangling Wanda using his left. Wanda was held very high up, but she was right above the sofa. Kayla’s face was red and she was gasping for air. Baby Wanda was screaming, tears streaming down her face.
Pepper’s jaws had dropped. She looked like she had seen Tony with three heads, which he wouldn’t mind. Things were unconventional today, actually had been for the past few days, thanks to Hydra.
Steve walked away before Tony could say another word. He walked past Bruce and didn’t bother picking up his milkshake.
Thor, who was also distracted by them, didn’t see where the shuttlecock was going. He missed it and it fell inside his court. And Clint was declared the winner.
“I only booked one table,” Tony blurted out, still staring into Steve’s blue eyes. “And… it’s okay Steve. It’s my pleasure.” Tony surely felt his cheeks going warm.
He walked backwards, eyes still watching Clint walk away with sadness, and stepped on someone’s foot, hard.
The cybernaut lunged forward, attacking Steve in a deadly manner. But Steve being a super soldier, managed to avoid all the hits. He ducked a blow and used his shield to hit the cybernaut at its waist area. To his surprise, the cybernaut got stunned and stopped all its attacks.
The team, was having a little bonding session at the basketball court. It was located right beside the gym, in the Tower itself. Tony was well aware of this, but he couldn’t be bothered to join them. Captain Grumpy would ruin his mood, and Tony had foreseen a good day ahead of him.
“Thor I got the prize!” Tony informed him. “The leader and his assistant are in the alley. Go get them guys!”
A teenage boy was now flying in the air. The flamethrowers and wings were too heavy for him. He was diving straight to the road.
“Tony, will you be alright to face the others up there?” Steve asked. He placed his hand on Tony’s still trembling shoulder.
When he could finally see the blue skies, he realized he was thrown across the skies and was plunging towards the bridge, towards the road on the bridge to be more exact.
They had fallen down when one of the Frost Giants had hit them with a weapon. The weapon had emitted ice onto the cameraman, which had pierced his back. It was melting; blood and water was running down. All these could be seen as the camera was recording their every move. The reporter was helping him up in a haste. Another policeman was also helping them.
It was 6 in the evening. The babies, all currently two-year-olds, had just showered. They could walk and stand. Their speech was not that comprehensible, although they can form little sentences. They mostly enjoyed playing with the two girls. Steve liked to watch them, sometimes he would join the games. Now, he was giving baby Bruce a piggy back down the stairs. Bruce was giggling loudly at the way Steve bounced him on his back.
But after about 20 minutes, Tony still hadn’t come back to bed. So, Steve went up to check if Tony was alright. However, the bathroom lights were switched off, with the door slightly ajar. Steve’s heart was thumping against his rib cage. Perhaps Tony went to the lab or the mini gym and fell asleep there?
“It’s nice!” Tony smiled. “Let it dry.” He stood up to place the painting under the ceiling fan for it to dry.
“My dad and Linda’s dad were fitness enthusiasts,” Kayla commented. “No one really uses them now. But I clean them in case mum decides to donate them some day.”
“Well,” Thor grinned. He was sitting on the bed, waiting for Bruce to finish up. He was wearing a suit with a grey shirt, and black tie. His shoes looked really polished and Thor was simply looking stunning. His golden locks were tied into a neat ponytail. “Waiting for friend Bruce.” Thor said.
“You know Tony,” Howard hissed, stepping into Tony’s personal space. “You are one of my biggest mistakes. I would bother to erase you if I only I had a fucking eraser. But life doesn’t work that way. I wish you would get my message across your thick skull because right now, you’re just being a prick. Tony, I am warning you about your future. And this is how lightly you’re taking it? All the best. You’re gonna be the biggest failure there is in this world.”
“With some clothes on, sexy boy!” Tony laughed as he went up the stairs, while Bruce blushed furiously.
Soon after lunch, Tony was ready to go back to the Tower. He was sitting on the edge of his bed. Clint and Natasha were outside his room while Bruce and Thor had already left for the Tower. Steve was making sure none of them had left anything in the room.
So the six of them spent the next five minutes deciding what they wanted to eat. After telling the waiter their orders, they waited for their food to arrive. Two waiters came and poured red wine into all their glasses. Each of them took small sips.
T’Challa stepped forward next and placed his bouquet on the coffee table. “I hope we cross paths again.” Both he and Tony shook hands.
Tony scurried out of there after giving his team a wave, missing Clint’s worried look entirely. He was hoping not to come face-to-face with Steve. Another great day he had foreseen.
Tony could swear he saw Rhodey controlling his facial expressions, making him look like he was trying not to cry. Tony gave his best friend’s shoulder a squeeze. Rhodey nodded his head. “But there’s something I’d like to do. You have another one of these right?”
He placed back all the stuff inside and box and lifted it, deciding to keep them. Clint helped lift another box that was all sealed up. They both walked to Steve’s room together.
“Nat?” Tony called out softly. “Can you tell Thor I said thanks? I never really had any soft toys. I really love the bears.”
Tony then went on to explain where he was. It was like a limbo. He spent some time wandering around limbo aimlessly, also naked. There was also a tree there, and that was where he sat down most of the time. He then found a source of light and walked towards it. It had led him to his old house’s garden. He walked into his old house, where cops were gathered.
Tony slowly woke up from his bed. He looked around his room, and registered the sunlight hitting his face. He also realized he was naked on the bed, and alone. He had dried come all over his stomach and he grimaced at that. He sat down at the edge of the bed, and his ass immediately started to hurt. He lied back down, wondering why his ass was hurting; and it also felt sore.
Tony took a few French toasts and pancakes. He dipped them into maple syrup and was immediately in bliss. Steve grinned at his boyfriend’s reaction. Bruce was in love with the crispy bacon strips, while Thor was happily eating as much as he could.
“Jessica, listen to me,” Luke's voice was heard. “You’re… You survived that accident. Okay? You’re okay.”
Hi guys! Sorry for my absence. I've been really busy with internship and school stuff and had no time to upload the chapters. But thank you for sticking with me and here's a new chapter! I hope you guys enjoy it. Thank you so much for your support so far, guys! I really appreciate it. :)
“Bruce, we are still here. No one has come claiming for the stone. Even if they do, they won’t get the chance to even touch it. Do you know why?” she asked him.
Natasha and Bruce had already left the bed side, leaving Steve there. Steve was going closer to Tony, not sure about his own actions. Tony was thinking if this was real, and moved forward too. He wasn’t sure what he was doing, either. And it wasn’t even him who initiated the move. So they went closer to each other, to see what each of them were going to do.
It wasn’t everyday a smart man like Reed Richards became this confused over an issue. Well, today was one of those days.
Steve nodded. The baby let out a soft burp. Baby Tony was wide awake. He was fiddling with Steve’s shirt. Just then, Bruce’s phone rang. It was more of an alarm ringing.
Before Tony could finish his sentence, Steve ran to him, shut his mouth and tackled him. They were both on the floor. At this time, Bucky came out of the bathroom.
“Morning sleepyhead,” he gave his boyfriend’s forehead a kiss. “Didn’t want to wake you up. You were really tired, plus, you were snoring.”
“You know Steve,” Tony said while chewing a fry. “Despite me having a thing for water, I do like the ocean. There’s something calming about it. The seaside, sitting at the shore and listening to the rhythm of the waves, I love it.”
Steve sighed, knowing that Clint had a point. They kept walking, down the street, towards the bank but were also aware of Nightshade’s activity.
Steve was reading a book. He looked up. When he saw his genius standing there wrapped around in a white sheet, he smiled.
“I will be opening the doors in 3… 2… 1…” Tony said. He clicked a button and the back entrance slowly started to open.
Steve pulled Tony for a hug this time. That was when Tony completely lost it. He was shaking under Steve’s arms while trying to hold back the sounds he could make while crying. Steve was really trying to be strong. He patted the back of Tony’s head while hugging him, tightly. That was all this man, a little boy at heart, needed; a hug and a few words of assurance.
“Why would you wear jeans in such a hot weather?” Thor took the last bite off his cheeseburger and asked. “You have to wear shorts like how we all wore them!”
“Clint… we’re in public place and can you please don’t say that out loud?” Tony told him quietly. Clint sobered up, understanding where Tony was coming from.
In the other car, Thor was the first one to realize that Tony wasn’t following them anymore. He was sitting behind and started to freak out when he didn’t see the black car.
“What?” Both Bucky and Steve asked in unison. They’ve had a lot of nicknames for each other, Barney was never one of them.
Clint then took one of his arrows from his quiver and activated it. He placed it on the guy’s head and gave him a kick. The arrow electrocuted the AIM guy.
“Anyone up for a night of horror movie?” Tony sat upright. His voice nearly cracked as he was trying to push his tears away. “I heard the Thai horror movies have comedy and horror fused together perfectly.”
“It’s your room then,” Natasha smiled. She lifted the boy up and everyone then went back to their rooms.
Tony stared at her for a brief moment. Then he turned back to the shrubs and trees. “I uh, I’d like to amend things.”
Rhodey and Tony talk to each other and Steve is being a protective cuddly bear! Also, there's a new wing added to the hostel!
“You know, I can’t… can’t…” Tony tried telling him that he didn’t like to be handed things. He was gesturing wildly as his words were stuck inside him. Luke couldn’t understand but Danny somehow did.
Steve yanked a gun from a soldier, before kicking him into the East River. He tossed it aside before running to them.
As if on cue, Tony stepped on a muddy puddle of rain water. He looked at Jan and gave her a sheepish smile, shrugging.
“From your unusually attractive Aunt huh,” Tony was examining the bouquet. Tony looked up to find the others raising an eyebrow at him. Steve cleared his throat to show is disapproval.
Clint smiled at little Tony’s excitement. “It’s fine. You were the CEO for some time. But then you gave your secretary the position and became the chair man.”
Jarvis broke the hug. He quickly wiped his tears. “No, no. She is at home. She is preparing your favorite cappuccino coffee cake.” Jarvis smiled.
Tony got up and went towards the hammer. He gave it a long look before holding the handle. For a moment, he felt confident. He felt like he could lift it. He tightened his grip and felt the energy coursing through him. Thor turned to look at Tony. He saw Tony’s brown eyes slowly turning blue. He totally forgot he was dissolving the stone because he was that mesmerized at the little boy’s effort; which was paying off because the hammer moved. Maybe he was worthy after all.
And it all happened in a flash. Suddenly there was Jarvis holding Howard’s hand to stop him from giving the slap and Tony was shielded by Steve’s warm body. Even Maria Stark was standing there, protecting her son from her husband.
“That’s so cool…” Tony said, as if in a daze. He slowly pushed back the chair. He picked up his teddy bears and went to the entrance of the kitchen.
“A few hours back, actually,” Tony shrugged. “I woke up early morning and couldn’t sleep back so I watched the sun rise. And then it hit me, about solar energy and the flaws the panels have. With my idea, we can generate more power, income for the company, oh and more press attention.”
“You sound terrifying when you’re sarcastic,” Natasha commented. Steve shrugged at her, still pissed off by what Tony did.
“Tony,” he began. “Remember that day, you were naked with Sunset, in your room? Did you two really… have sex?”
“Why are there two? We can probably share one, if we put Clint on one of our laps,” Natasha chuckled.
“A board meeting in twenty minutes, security briefing and press releases about the Hydra incident,” Jarvis listed.
Clint let out a snort while bringing his plate to the sink.  Soon, everyone was done with their breakfast and were crowding around the sink. Tony was leaning against the kitchen counter, and was watching his friends trying to get the dishes done.
Steve felt a pang of sadness hit him. There were a lot of things adult Tony haven’t told him. Like, how close he was to his butler and to what extent Howard had abused him, in any form. He’s now learning them, bit by bit, and he wished he could talk to adult Tony about it.
“Uh, your clothes are on the bed,” Linda said and dragged Kayla out of the room without a backward glance.
created. It was a cube, that can allow anyone to travel to alternate universes. Pretty smart. Everything seemed complex, but Tony could understand all these were formed upon a theory that alternate universes did exist.
Will Clint and Natasha be okay though? Let's hope Tony will be prepared to face whatever Whitney has in mind.
“You didn’t tell me what Clint was going through…” Bucky shrugged. He held Jan to stop her from losing balance.
“Guys,” Steve gritted his teeth. “I think we all have work to do. Natasha, you’re in-charge of taking care of Tony. Clint, I task you to write a detailed report about this mission, for the Avengers database. I want this by tomorrow night. Also, get your injuries checked out. Go to the medics now. Thor, you are in-charge of making sure Tony is totally entertained. I leave you to play games with him, and get him clothes and toys. We’ve told you about all those. I’ll look at today’s battle and come up with new strategies.”
“I uh, I felt bad about your arm. So I decided to make you one. I didn’t know if Panther was making one for you using Vibranium. I thought I could try because I felt bad. It was a mistake,” Tony said softly. He was looking at the floor. “Sorry uh, that was… I hope you like it. It was a project I created pretty quickly.”
Tony stood up, carrying the girl with him. He ran out of there, making sure no one spotted him. He ran to the back of the building.
“Yeah, that’s why we’re called the Avengers.” Steve shrugged. “Danger is pretty common to us. And we usually avert it. Hey are you…”
“First room door belongs to Clint and Nat,” Tony said. “Second is mine and Steve’s and the last is Bruce’s and Thor’s. The rooms below belong to my parents and Jarvis and Ana. Plus, the office is there.”
In front of him was an empty field. Behind him were houses. He decided to go to one of them. He ran towards the house which had a suspended light bulb for a porch light, switched on.
Sam loved playing with the babies. He didn’t even realize an entire day passing by while being with them; he was really fond of them. He seemed to have forgotten that they were his fellow Avengers. An hour ago, he was playing with Clint and Tony. Both of them have developed a special bond after Tony pulled Clint away from the Frost Giant’s malicious blow. They used Clint’s toy telephone to act like they were talking.
“Yes. I have feelings for you, Steve, have had for a long time. I just never told you because I was scared of rejection, especially from you. I mean I can deal with it,” he shrugged, before vomiting into the sick bag again. After wiping his mouth he continued. “Okay, I might not deal with it well, but with time you never know...”
The burger place was situated near the sea, and provided shade, food, drinks and an alternate place to socialize for their patrons. Tony had done some research prior to the trip. He got to know about this place, and that they had the best burgers in town. Their most famous dish was the Juicy Italian Cheeseburger.
“They want to show us that we are weak, defenseless,” Iron Fist added. Their conversation went on and they were fighting back. But Tony was thinking. He knew there could be something done here. But he needs a few more team members to arrive before he can think about doing something.
“I’ll bring you. It’s at our basement,” Kayla smiled. She opened the door next to the kitchen and brought Tony down.
“Let me introduce you to Bruce, Clint, Tony and Bucky,” Sam spoke. Wanda gasped while Natasha raised her eyebrows.
The man gave him a mock salute, before sitting back down on his chair. Tony placed the box on the seat beside him and sped off back home.
Soon, dinner time was over. The kids returned to play with one another. By now, Bucky and Natasha have become close to one another. Instead of fighting one another, they share toys. They sat together and babbled something. Steve was so happy with this. Clint, Wanda and Bruce played together. They are always filled with giggles. But Tony always played alone. He liked to read science stuff. And assembling puzzles were his absolute favorite. Sometimes he joined the others, but mostly, he was alone, unless Steve joined him.
“Alright kids, lunch will be ready soon. Ana’s cooking is the best and I’m sure you all will enjoy yourselves here. Jarvis will take good care of you all,” Maria said once she let go of Natasha.
Once he did, he examined his foot. Yikes, his toes were red. He quickly applied a cream and crashed onto his bed.
Behind them, Clint was looking at the stone. He really had a temptation to touch it. He wanted to know what it felt like. The thick grey color was drawing his attention. He had seen the cracks too. But the urge was so strong. He stuck out his right hand, slowly, towards the stone. But he stopped.
Sam and Rhodey weren’t laughing. They were embarrassed and didn’t even want to make eye contact with anyone. They wanted the moment to end. Steve gave Sam’s back a pat with a straight face, before losing it again.
So both of them went outside. They went to the middle of the road. There were no cars driving by and no people walking past them. Steve was watching them from the front porch.
“Yes,” Bruce said. “I said if he messes it up purposely, I’ll unleash the Hulk at him. That thought itself terrified him.”
“Cap, I don’t want to grow up!” Tony cried. He adjusted himself and looked at Steve. “I’d rather face dad’s insults, and be with mom and Jarbis and Ana! I’ll… I’ll tell dad where you might be! Then.. we’ll find you and… and we all can live happily, Cap!” Tony was practically begging.
He gave one of the bags a kick. STUPID FUCKING MISTAKE!! It hurt like a bitch and he felt his toes throbbing. Fuck.
Steve looked at Bruce for a brief moment before looking at Tony, who was on his lap. Tony was fiddling with his own hands. Steve’s face brightened up.
Thor swung his hammer quickly, for flight, and launched himself upward. He caught Sam and sprinkled the Puddle of Truth liquid on him. Sam changed back to his adult self within a matter of seconds. He continued to circle around the area while Thor returned back down.
Rhodey walked towards Steve. He let go of the couch for just a second, but that was a mistake. He began to wobble and lost balance. Before Steve could catch him, he fell onto the floor on all fours.
Natasha, Sam and Scott walked out of the jet. She wanted to accompany them for a while. Wanda and Clint stepped out of the jet for some fresh air.
Tony turned the car to the right, out of the road and stepped on the brakes, hard. He activated the hazard lights while Steve rushed out of the car. He slid down and ended up on the sandy ground. Tony too, got out of the car.
The rest of them settled down. After a few minutes of getting used to the place did everyone realize that the house was fully air-conditioned. Natasha sighed contentedly before leaning back on the couch. She already felt comfortable.
On day 2, Tony and friends go for a little racing, hang out together and basically have as much fun as they could. Also, Jarvis sees Steve kissing Tony.
But Tony couldn’t stop. In his mind, the only thing that was important was the safety of his adult self’s friends. So he kept Mjolnir targeted at the leader, almost beginning to fry him.
What was out of the ordinary was him feeling a soft hand brushing back his hair. The feeling was good and he wanted to drift back into sleep. But he realized someone had entered his room and snapped out of it. He woke up and squinted his eyes at the light coming from the hallway.
Maria Stark helped Howard up. She forcefully dragged him away from there, slowly going down the stairs. Howard shrugged her off and proceeded to lock himself in his office.
Tony dropped his shovel and ran into the house. Steve and Wanda did the same. The girls, along with Bruce, were bringing the 3 babies from the basement to the living room. Tony’s eyes widened with shock.
Coulson pinched his forehead while nodding his head. Beside him, an agent, Bobbi Morse, was taking down notes.
“Oh Chippy,” Bucky sighed sadly. He ruffled his fur one last time before walking away to the quinjet.
“As much as I wanna talk to Steve, this is something you should do with him,” Pepper reasoned out. “So just take your time here and then go back to talk to him.”
“They all look so good,” Ana squealed. She walked them to where the Limousine driver was waiting for them.
“They all woke up at around 4. So I brought them to my bed and was telling them a bed time story. They fell asleep around me.” Steve chuckled at the memory. But his eyes looked sad.
He looked at the babies. Kayla was helping Clint and Bucky finish up a painting of a big goldfish. Natasha and Bruce were silently coloring, tongue slightly sticking out of their mouths. They were pressed beside one another. But Wanda and Tony weren’t here. That’s odd.
Steve knelt down beside him and closed his eyes. He knew Rhodey shouldn’t have been a victim. He let out a sad sigh, as he turned to look at the man still trying to rise up above his challenges.
All the visitors, except for T’Challa, had left the Tower an hour ago. The others were just walking around the penthouse in groups, and were talking to one another.
Steve couldn’t sleep well. He kept tossing and turning on the spare bed. As if that was not enough, at 1am, the 3 babies woke each other up by crying. A zombie-like Kayla came down to prepare milk for them. Steve decided to help her. Tony woke up to the sound of the floorboard creaking. He joined Steve after a few minutes of disorientation.
“Gosh it smells good here,” Ana cooed as she walked in behind the boys. “You guys make great chefs!”
Thank you for the support so far! I hope you guys are feeling fine this week! The weekend is finally here. Happy reading!:)
“Tony, I’m sure the couch is more comfortable than the floor,” Steve said. He walked to the table. There was no one behind it. But there was a pile of clothes on the floor, and it had movements. Steve lifted the clothes off to find a little baby boy, completely naked and half asleep. There were dried tears at the side of his face, indicating that he had been crying for a long time and had just given up. “Tony is that you?”
Steve gave the phone his full attention. Tony plugged in an earpiece and gave Steve one side. He hit the play button and started watching the first ten minutes.
“So, want to assemble that 8-piece jigsaw puzzle?” Steve asked excitedly after placing the card in his pocket. He turned on the hall lights. Tony turned to Steve. His little hands were on Steve’s face. They went across his cheeks and eyes, as if wiping away tears. After that, Tony hugged Steve.
He handed the puzzle over to Steve. Steve took it. It was an Avengers jigsaw puzzle which had over 40 pieces. The missing part was the piece with Iron Man’s arc reactor, near Tony’s heart. Steve might not know where the piece of puzzle went to, but he definitely knew where Tony’s heart was.
At the level itself, Mjolnir had crash landed right beside the four-year-old Tony Stark. He immediately reached out for the handle, because he had nothing to defend himself with. More AIM scientists jumped out from the vents above. They were suddenly everywhere.
Everyone left to do their jobs quickly. Wanda and Doctor Strange were working together to push back the army. Spiderman was webbing some up in groups and swung it to where Luke and Jessica were. They punched the groups, sending them back to where they came from. Danny Rand was able to break some of their limbs and he flipped them to the Hulk and to Black Panther, who was using his claws to slice through them. Steve and Natasha were pushing back whoever who crossed the Spanish restaurant. Vision joined them, and used his high density form to knock them off. He dodged some of their punches and ice bullets by changing his tangibility.
Tony relaxed his body, and his hands ran up his thighs as he slowly rose up to a full standing position.
After calling down enough lightning, Tony jumped up. His jet boots powered up, sending him higher. He then started to descend. He aimed directly at the stone, not caring about what it could do to him. He used the powerful Mjolnir and hit the stone with all his might.
He raised both his hands, which had two air horns. His face scrunched up and he blew it. The noise was deafening; it even made Steve jump despite him knowing what was about to happen.
He turned his attention back to them. There was a group shot of the Avengers, the camera capturing a rare moment where all of them were smiling. Tony saw his older-self grinning like a fool with both arms thrown casually around Natasha’s and Steve’s shoulders respectively.
“I… I am not good with this s… sort of things,” Tony stumbled, but he continued anyways. “I uh, I want to make something.” Tony bit his tongue. He was not supposed to say
“She’s a genius, has a natural aptitude for science. By 16, she had self-taught herself genetics, physics and cybernetics. But, she also started to turn to crime,” Natasha explained.
Mjolnir entered the communal level when Tony decided to let go of the handle. The hammer continued to fly towards Thor, who was lying flat on his back in the kitchen.
Steve had joined them after a good shower. When Tony, saw him, he abandoned the crayons and ran to Steve.
“I already informed them when I was starting the jet,” Tony spoke up. He was looking straight ahead, this time thinking about what he was going to do in the battlefield. “They said they were already on their way.”
But Tony was still feeling conflicted. Thor had said they would back him up as long as Tony trusted himself. Tony did trust himself, but why did something feel so fishy? Even when Tony was defending Obadiah, his gut feeling wasn’t feeling fully satisfied by the explanation he was giving...
The summer breeze continued to brush past them. Tony had closed his eyes and had his head on Steve’s chest. And at this moment, a question from the past came creeping back up on Steve’s mind.
After Steve agreed to watch the match, Clint dashed down the stairs and ran out of the mansion to the grass patch. Two workers were setting up the net, with Jarvis overseeing them. There was a bench near the courts, and Natasha and Bruce were seated on it.
Thor had sat upright within seconds while Clint was taking his time. The bed couldn’t take it. It tipped to the left, sending Thor falling down and Clint rolling towards the floor. The bed ended up landing on Clint.
It was 10pm. The team was sitting around the couch, trying to figure out which TV channel to watch. Well, that was half of the team, who were Natasha, Clint, Steve and Sam. The other half, Tony, Bruce, Wanda and Bucky wanted movies. Tony and Wanda were browsing through the girls’ CD collection to pick a movie. They all wanted a relaxed night before they fly back to New York to face the possible threat from the Frost Giants.
Both Clint and Natasha looked at each other. They nodded at each other, realizing how smart Tony really was.
“Right, wait little guy!” Steve sounded tired but couldn’t help laughing at his stubbornness. Once they neared the house, he put Bucky down. Steve was holding his hand while walking back. “You hang in there, Tony. We’ll get you to bed soon, ok?” Steve smiled at him.
Natasha shook her head. Steve was just watching them. He realized they didn’t really change that much. They had mini brawls like this when they were two. He sighed and shook his head. Linda was laughing from the kitchen.
“We’ll get you new clothes,” Natasha assured the little boy, who was looking at her with a curious look. “And those belong to a friend.”
Tony was silent for a long time. And then he spoke. “Yeah I can.” He then changed the course to New York.
“It couldn’t have been that bad, right?” Tony turned to her. It took him some time to realize that all of their worst nightmares had come true.
Bruce then passed Tony to Steve and went back to his lab. The others surveyed the damage done around them and sighed. Adult Tony was definitely
“That I agree with, because lying is bad,” Tony said. “But Strucker, you can’t force an entire City of people to see what is right and what is wrong. That realization needs to come from every person, from deep down. It’s not your call to make sure they know it’s wrong, but you can always help them see the errors in their ways. I learned this the hard way, Strucker, well, so are you.”
“And the game shall begin!” Jarvis announced loudly, grabbing all their attention. “Master Barton and Master Odinson are going to compete. The max score is only eleven, because of time constraint, and because my wife Ana has prepared delicious dinner for you all!”
“Master Rogers, I need you to promise me one thing,” Jarvis said. He took in a deep breath before continuing. “I need you to promise me that you will never hurt Tony the way Whitney Frost did. That you’ll always be there for him and will never let him go despite how difficult it can get to handle him.”
Jarvis walked out of the room, passing by Steve, who was wiping his hair. Steve quickly slipped into his jeans and a round-neck shirt. He looked at Tony sprawled across the bed and smiled.
“I... I couldn’t sleep. So I was reading a book.” He shut the book and placed it on the table beside him. “Look.” Bruce started.
Peter started to look around him, thinking for a solid answer. “I was… you know there is this Vietnamese restaurant there… Yeah it’s not that expensive and I went there for dinner.” He smiled.
“The fuel is enough for 16 consecutive flights to East Somerville from Manhattan,” the AI replied. Tony nodded. This was more than enough for them to get to where Bruce was.
“I’m not a spineless prick!” Tony shouted back. “Crediting a person’s idea or work is part of good ethics, which you don’t have! I saw you and Obi grinning like fools for the stupid camera!”
“You’ve got quite the attention here,” Natasha observed. She was standing beside Tony and they both were watching Clint and Thor torturing Steve.
Hearing Steve shout at him made Tony crumble on the inside. He dropped the hammer instantly and sat down on the floor. He drew his knees to his chest and curled up, starting to cry.
Tony, being a genius, understood what his boyfriend exactly wanted. He leaned forward and pressed a button, causing the retractable hardtop to move. Within seven seconds, the wind and direct sunlight got cut, and the car became an enclosed space. Tony turned on the heater in the car to a low level so that Steve wouldn’t feel too cold.
He looked up at the ceiling, contemplating on what he should do tomorrow. Perhaps after securing that investor, he should go back to the Tower and have a chat with Steve. Yeah, that sounded like a plan.
“Holy fuck…” Clint whispered, looking at little Tony easily knocking off a few AIM personnel using Thor’s hammer.
Tony slowly moved up and saw Steve asleep right beside him, in a very uncomfortable position. He was seated on a chair but was leaning onto the bed, holding onto Tony’s hand. Behind Steve, there was a rollaway bed, shared by Thor and Clint. The bed was under heavy strain at Thor’s side. But both of them looked peaceful while asleep. On his left, there was another rollaway bed, which was occupied by both Bruce and Natasha. They were sleeping peacefully.
“He’s wrong,” Steve said firmly. “You’re one of the best people I’ve ever been with. You’re also a genius, Tony. You’ve made some pretty good inventions.”
“Steve,” Tony said. “That part of your life is over. It’s done. And sometimes it’s okay for the past to come creeping back up, it happens to everyone. But you’re stronger than this Steve. You gotta pick yourself up and go on with life. Also, why didn’t you tell us about you and the relationship you have with cold?”
“They’re definitely coming,” Steve sighed. “Alright, they’re taller than normal humans. We need as many people as possible to fight them. We can’t let the leader get hold of the second stone. We need to try to take the first stone from him.”
Strucker didn’t say anything for a while. He was letting Tony’s words sink in. Even Tony himself couldn’t believe all those wise words just came out of his mouth. Maybe this was what happened when you kept telling the truth.
“You better get to him and drive home first,” Natasha gave Tony’s shoulder a nudge. “I’ll get the others.”
“No…” Natasha said. “All the files are really clean. They don’t point to any sinister activities Obi might be up to. I think your dad recently did look at all those files because they were messed up and not in order. So, nope.”
“My butler Jarbis is gone too, isn’t he?” Tony asked Steve, with an innocent look on his face. “That’s why I made him and named him after Jarbis.”
“The first thing tomorrow morning, we are burying that stone at the back of the house, deep.” Bruce stated.
“You smell like freedom!” Tony stated, with a mischievous glint in his eyes, after being lifted up by Steve’s strong arms!!
But Tony didn’t want to make the move. He already knew the sparks moving towards him meant that he could lift the hammer. But deep down, he felt as if it was wrong. This was Thor’s hammer, his weapon. Tony had his own weapon. There was no reason for him to touch the hammer, unless he really had to. The whole idea behind Mjolnir felt pure and holy, and Tony didn’t want to mess it all up.
Steve’s eyes snapped open. “Oh my God Jarvis…” he nearly fell onto the floor as realization crashed onto him. “I know where Tony is!!”
Thank you so much for your support and feedback for this story! I really appreciate it!! I love you all so much!!
“I do not think Loki is that smart and fit for one of the best universities in the world,” Thor said softly.
Tony straightened up. Steve handed him a handkerchief silently. Tony wiped his mouth, feeling embarrassed about what had just happened. He easily ignored the odd looks a few tourists were throwing him. But he couldn’t ignore Steve’s stare burning a hole into his skull.
“Right,” Aunt May laughed. “Oh Captain, some guy called Steve from Brooklyn, your area, bashed my boy up just three and a half months ago! If you could… could you… please?”
“Is that… are those their clothes?” Wanda pointed at a pile of clothes lying on the floor, a meter away from the lab.
“I’m fine,” Tony managed to say. “Nothing to worry.” He was still covering his nose, but he didn’t see the blood dripping down his shirt. Steve had seen that though. And so did his other good friends.
would be the right word. Threatened to inform Bruce and unleash the Hulk at him in his lab. His girl Friday can be mean at times.
“Yes sir,” Jarvis replied. “Agent Romanoff and Master Barton are asleep in their quarters. Master Odinson is also asleep. Dr. Banner just went to bed, after four failed attempts at finding a cure for you. And so did Captain America. He was drawing just three and a half minutes ago.”
With that, he walked off with his bowl of baked rice to join Clint and Natasha who were sitting at the couch, shaking their heads.
It was 10am, and the gang had decided to drive down to the Walk of Fame, to firstly, take a wefie and secondly, to look at some of the stars.
Steve was looking at Sam. He smiled. “Of course. We just have to look forward to the future, Sam. Let the past be in the past. Let the present keep going.” He gave a surprised looking Sam a pat on his shoulder and walked off.
Tony raised an eyebrow before laughing. “I can actually. There are a lot of weird things I recall from Boston. I even can remember, a hazy memory of Wanda and I doing a puzzle and… someone slapped me right? Was it you?”
Steve trudged to his cupboard and tossed some random clothes out. He didn’t realize how long he had slept in his room. In fact, all he remembered was crashing onto his bed at 8 last night, after walking down the hallway and reminiscing. He didn’t bother removing his clothes.
Back in Tony’s and Steve’s room, the air reeked of sex. Steve was still slamming into his boyfriend. Both of them were moaning loudly, with Steve getting very close to his orgasm. He looked at Tony writhing under him. He leaned down and kissed his boyfriend. Tony kissed him back, letting out gasps when the feeling was too electrifying.
Clint and Natasha were doing their own work while looking up at the session at random times. Bruce and Steve were the only ones watching the session without any distraction.
“Tony! Scott!” Steve shouted in panic. “F.R.I.D.A.Y, take control of his armor and fly them to the convenience store. Nat, take care here for just a second.”
He used his iron will to stay awake as he ran back to where the main battle was taking place. Steve was sitting at the side, leaning against the deck railing filled with love locks. He was wiping his face.
“Uh, F.R.I.D.A.Y,” Tony frowned at the tablet. “Why were the sprinklers in the kitchen on four days ago?”
“I… I swear to God they were playing right behind the couch. I even heard them cackling!” Kayla stood up.
Tony looked at the wall clock in the cafe; the time was 4pm. He and Steve sat at one of the tables near the cashier, which had two menus for each patron, a small basket full of cutlery and napkins, and two glasses, ready to be filled up with water.
Clint wanted to make a comment about what he saw. But he didn’t, because of how Tony’s face was. He was smiling a very genuine smile, and was also trying not to look like he was going to cry. Clint realized, that this Peter guy must have tugged at Tony’s heartstrings.
“No friend Hulk!” Thor shouted. He used his left hand to stop the Hulk from going further toward the window.
“Clint, I can’t go any way! We’ll fall off the cliff if I go right!” Tony rolled his eyes while Bruce let out a laugh.
“Don’t start with me early morning, Clint,” Natasha nearly snapped at him. “It’s been so long and you’re still angry. It’s a bit too much.”
“We had the same question for you too,” Jarvis replied. He was cleaning the stove. “You simply vanished from the kitchen, and Master Rogers, your beloved, was really worried.”
“Indeed, I am Thor, son of Odin.” Thor replied with pride. Kayla broke into a grin. She moved to the side so that Thor could enter.
That was when it hit him. He had a dinner planned for all of them and had reservations. He literally jumped out of his bed and ran out of the room.
Bruce had pulled Tony out of the way just in time. But that had cost him his burger. The burger which was wrapped around a paper, was soaked in seawater and was bobbing about at the shore.
“I don’t think I need breakfast for tomorrow,” Bruce laughed once they exited the restaurant. “This restaurant had the best steak ever!”
“He tried and maybe he misinterpreted your words… Or you might have phrased it wrongly,” Wanda suggested.
“Possibly,” Bruce answered while taking a sip of orange juice Linda had kindly prepared. “You wouldn’t want to go back.”
“They suddenly opened these two portals and started to walk in,” Spiderman said. “I was just swinging by, going home after some rounds and saw the Defenders fighting them. So I joined them! Aunt May is not gonna be happy if she finds out I’m not at home!”
“They… they usually won’t do it a second time,” Jane’s cheeks turned red in embarrassment. “They… they’ll see me as someone who isn’t responsible enough for her own stuff.”
The kids started to walk toward Sam. Sam raised his hands in surrender and walked backwards. Steve snorted at this.
“Don’t tell me he’s buried under all that rubble,” Clint said. “That’ll take a long time to find him.”
“You shut the fuck up!” Howard shouted at her. He managed to push Jarvis away and walked towards Tony, who had two people being a shield for him.
This is something new I've been working on, especially after I read the entire Jonathan Hickman Avengers, New Avengers and Secret Wars comics. I was just wondering what if Steve and Tony, MCU based, ended up in earth 3490, what would they do there. So I decided to write it out! I've been doing research on the Marvel Multiverse and if there is any feedback you want to give, please drop a comment!!
Tony pulled out the sick bag he had brought with him for emergencies, out of his suit pocket. He opened it, not caring about Steve being beside him.
“Clint, you need to be up on that roof, fire up some explosive arrows onto the portal and armies, and call out any patterns,” Tony instructed. “I’ll give you a ride.”
After getting their injuries patched up, most of the heroes had temporarily taken shelter at Avengers Tower. Some were seated and others were standing there, waiting to get one last debrief from anyone of authority, before parting ways.
From where he was standing, Tony could see what Steve was up to. He was fighting off ten Hydra soldiers at one go, actively avoiding getting sprayed.
Steve had tears in his eyes reminiscing, although he was smiling at the way Tony was holding his pen. The team was so united then. Now it was trying to get back together, with so much of effort and difficulty.
The six of them sat there for the next hour, and finished up the box of strawberries. They then kept talking about absolutely random things, like having a spring cleaning session in their apartment. Of course, Steve knew this wouldn’t happen. With how hectic a semester could get; spring cleaning wasn’t a luxury they could afford. Plus most of them would get lazy, so it was just impossible.
“Just because you have closed the portals I opened, it doesn’t make you a winner,” the leader hissed at Tony.
Steve nodded. He was smiling at her, as a gesture to offer her some encouragement. “You were brave too. Don’t deny it. You were doing your best to protect the little ones. I mean, if the Frost Giant was holding you, it means you must have jumped in first to protect them.”
“Uh, no guys it’s fine. I’ll be here,” Tony walked to the shore and let the warm foamy water wash his legs.
“I’m still alive, Steve,” Rhodey started. He was looking at the floor. “That fall should have killed me. But it didn’t. I’m still trying to walk. Ever since I got discharged, I’ve been trying to walk. Tony gave me this exoskeleton to help. But it sucks, not being able to walk on my own. I even argued with Tony, told him I wanted to join them as War Machine.” He let out a small laugh before continuing.
called. The differences are being worked out. And when our team unites, we can take down any force.”
Steve, who was sitting beside Tony, was applying medication on one of his wounds. He turned to look at him. “Tony, I wasn’t angry… I know my tone was harsh but I wasn’t angry with you.”
Bucky was already shooting down some of the Giants. But the bullets did little damage to them. Clint’s arrows also did little damage. Natasha was getting frustrated because they weren’t making any progress. The Defenders were simply trying their best.
They waited in silence as the elevator ascended towards the penthouse. Steve’s hand was on Tony’s shoulder, squeezing it every once in a while, to assure him that everything was fine. Soon, the elevator door opened. Steve pushed the wheelchair out. They could hear several voices speaking at once as they neared the penthouse.
Tony looked so peaceful when asleep. His chest was rising and falling at a steady pace, and he looked beautiful. Steve brushed back his hair, sighing softly.
Steve was grinning, looking down at the attractions while speeding by. And he was able to catch sight of a few men wearing suits standing near a balloon shooting stall. He swore he saw a man looking exactly like Howard Stark. But he thought he was hallucinating, because why would Howard go to a theme park in the first place? Steve turned back, and decided to focus on the fun he was having with Tony.
“You can date anyone, regardless of their gender, Tony,” Jarvis said. “But make sure they don’t hurt you.”
“Hey, sit back and enjoy this!” Bruce smiled. He patted on a spot on the couch, and gave Tony and Steve some space.
“Hey, hey Tony,” Steve smiled a sad smile. “You’ll be fine. Medics will be here soon, we’ll get you out of this mess, I promise.”
Although deep down he felt relieved that Steve was here, there was a part of him that felt that this was too soon to talk to him. Maybe he really was looking forward to having a corporate chat, lunch and then seeing Steve. Not seeing him the first thing in the morning.
“My lemonade has chlorine now, Thor,” Bruce sighed. He was really soaked and shook his head. “Gotta get a new one.”
“Steeb!” Bruce cackled. He decided to let go of the hammer. The hammer landed on the ground with a thud, which made Steve cringe. Bruce ran to Steve. He lifted the little boy up and bounced him on his lap. “Of course little Bruce is worthy.”
Steve felt relaxed. In fact he even dozed off after some time Kayla came up to check on them. He woke up to Tony’s and Wanda’s little voices calling him and a warm object getting into contact with his cheek. He woke up to find two proud kids showing him their hard work and a dog licking his cheek enthusiastically. Steve chuckled while getting up. He patted Chippy's head while taking the puzzle from Tony.
Tony looked at his mother with his lips pursed. He didn’t like talking to his father. It never ended well for either of them most of the time. But he knew he didn’t have a choice. It was now or his father would get to know about his presence later. But, why delay it? He’d rather face whatever impending doom now. He sighed.
“The food, you bozo,” Steve said, unusually calm. But his cheeks felt hot and he adjusted himself on the seat.
“I agree with friend Steve, even though I love speedy rides because of the thrills that go down south,” Thor confessed.
“You were hit by an AIM invention,” Bruce replied. “You kid self made an appearance here too. And… he just left.”
Kayla had managed to stop her nosebleed. She spent at least 7 minutes in the washroom. She finally walked down to place an ice pack on her head, where she had hit the baluster hard. She looked like she was still in shock. She said nothing when she walked past Steve to go back up to the washroom.
Tony curled his arms around his boyfriend and rested his head on his chest for a while. He closed his eyes, relishing the warmth radiating from Steve’s body.
“Sure thing, Boss. Good night,” Friday said softly. She dimmed his room lights and made sure he felt comfortable in the room.
Tony couldn’t believe what he had just heard because in which world, was Tony worthy enough to lift Thor’s hammer?
“Steve,” Tony adjusted himself. “I gotta go back down to sort out the reservation stuff. And also to pick out a good suit.”
came when he fell down. Steve let out a yawn before helping the confused and disheveled Tony up. Both of them had messy bed hair.
The teams on both sides were doing all they could. No one really spoke anything. They were trying not to let the Frost Giants get past them. The Avengers were on one side and the Defenders were on the other. Steve’s instinct immediately saw what was wrong. He also wasn’t prepared to look at one of the Frost Giants shooting sharp edged ice at his teammates. Wanda could only create so many shields at a certain speed, especially when the Giants were aiming high and low at the same time. The ice weapon hit Natasha’s abdomen area, sending her crashing onto the road.
Tony nodded his head, a light smile gracing his tired features. “Yeah, I definitely said that. On a side note, what’s on the docket today?”
“Tony is missing. And we have a feeling Howard has something to do with that,” Clint bitterly said before continuing his way up the stairs.
All of them got out, except for Tony. He was shutting down the engines and the systems. He double checked the condition of his engines. Once the sound died down, he got out. He looked at the jet one last time, then pressed a button on a device which looked like a very small remote control. The back door shut, with a click.
Sam managed to get up. His back was hurting terribly. Linda found another plastic box and they immediately begun clean up. Kayla ushered the other kids to the kitchen.
“No it’s not with her,” Tony said while he buttoned up his blazer. “It’s with Reed at the Baxter Building.”
No one replied to her. Tony broke away from Steve, and looked at them, with tears in his eyes. He wiped them away, and nodded his head.
Kayla frowned at him. She saw the hammer he was holding and everything clicked into place. “You are Thor?” she asked.
“You let out a dirty joke, and I will sock you in the jaw,” Tony warned Clint, who then proceeded to shut his mouth. He gave a shit eating grin to Tony.
Clint and Thor were already grinning while looking at the rides from the outside. They all walked in, looking in awe at the various stalls lined up. Natasha had never really gone to the theme park before. She had only attended one carnival, and that was a bad experience because of the bullies she had faced. She then felt someone’s arm going around her shoulder. She turned to look at Clint, who gave her a sweet smile and pulled her closer to him. She rested her head on his shoulder for one second, before looking away, at a little girl getting a teddy bear from one of the stalls.
But again, thank you so much for reading part 2 and part 1, if you had. Here's the last chapter. I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and story!
Ana went to the stove and grinned at what she saw. There were French toasts on plates with a beautiful color, and bacon strips looking crispy and fine. There were fresh looking pancakes too, stacked on top of one another. That was made by Thor, who said he had used a secret recipe, which was his mother's.
Of course, Tony wasn’t satisfied with her answer. But he nodded his head as he understood and respected his mother’s decision to not talk about this again. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and walked to the kitchen. Tony wiped his tears and ran up to his room. He shut the door and jumped onto the bed.
“It’s the science calling. Some people get it strongly, especially smart men like Reed,” Tony explained. Both of them exited the elevator and Tony swung an arm around her. “I’ll talk to Reed after his little presentation, okay?”
Tony gave Thor a long look and a smile. The rest of them settled down on Tony’s bed, relishing the comfortable silence that was settling around them. They were already finishing up the box of strawberries Tony had bought.
“Whoa fuck!” Tony shouted when he heard Clint. He scrambled to his phone and switched off the music. “And no Clint, that wasn’t a lap dance. I was trying to cheer Steve up.”
“Noooo,” Tony cried out. “We tried but… but well, she was not into that idea. So we both were just lying down naked. Nope, we didn’t.”
Brooklyn Bridge Park at 10am was packed with mothers with strollers, tourists and joggers. Pepper had texted him that the investor would be standing at the Brooklyn Bridge Lookout. So he walked there.
“Master Stark no!” Jarvis cried. He then held Tony, and stopped him from giving Howard’s abdomen area a nice kick.
Bruce: “The sexual tension between the both of you is tearing the roof off. Go talk to him before the Hulk convinces you.”
“Team 3, Thor, Iron Man and Ant Man, I need you three to work together to get the stones. Thor, Doctor Strange will open you a portal so that you can destroy the stones. If any of us gets de-aged in this battle, use the miracle liquid quickly. Tony scan for the stone. Ant Man, work with Tony,” Cap said. “Avengers and Defenders, let’s move!”
Tony on the other hand looked very down. Whatever excitement he had was long gone. “I don’t want to leave you, Cap.”
Bruce sighed and managed to contain his anger. He really adored his friend and couldn’t stand what his dad did to him. He really wished he could report Howard Stark, but Tony wouldn’t allow that. Too much of unwanted press attention would come his way. And Tony hated that.
“Yeah, wanted to drop something in the server before I leave tomorrow.” Tony gave her his charming smile and walked up the stairs, to his dad’s and Obadiah’s shared office.
Fear. If anyone asked any one of the AIM scientists that managed to break into Avengers Tower that night how they felt when they were facing Tony, fear was the word they would use to describe it.
“Tony?” Clint looked at him. Tony was literally on top of Clint, holding him down with all the strength he had.
“I’ll most probably want to look at my daughter one last time, if we’re going to go back to hiding,” Scott said.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, looking horrified. He simply kept staring at his love hurtling across the road.
“Tony, thank you for existing. You are smart for a toddler. I hope you realize that many people around you care about you. Tony, you give me life. I don’t think I’ll be brave enough to tell you this but, I really love you. I’m sorry for everything that happened before this. I hope you will forgive me. Let’s start a fresh chapter. And remember always, partner, you’re a good man.”
The next thing Clint knew, he’s swallowed plenty of seawater, alone. He looked up at the others. “What the fuck?”
“Shit!” Tony cursed under his breath. But he managed to calm himself down. After a deep breath he continued. “I meant, Bucky Barnes, got mixed up. I want to get to my point straight. Ok, I… I am really sorry. For everything.”
Clint picked up a little giraffe, which was Bruce’s favorite. He slowly toddled towards Bruce. The entire house was silent. Steve, Kayla and Linda were staring at Clint and Bruce. Baby Clint offered Bruce his toy.
“Oh, it’s you,” Howard Stark said. He was holding a pen on one hand and a glass of whiskey on the other. He was seated on his table, wearing a suit.
Tony nearly hurled the smoothie across the hallway, but stopped because he got reminded of Dum-E’s innocent whirring noises. He absent-mindedly rubbed the side of the cup, with love.
Steve jumped up. He didn’t know where the sudden burst of energy came from. But he knew one thing for sure; no one hits
But Tony knew he had to keep a straight face in front of the others at the gym. He could hear Sam and Wanda asking Steve to talk to him and leaving.
Once the stone came into view, the Doctor opened a portal. Steve could see a few wooden cupboards. There were things in it, like special ornaments and some of them were stored inside other glass cabinets. It was New York, the place where Doctor Strange currently resided. Steve suddenly wanted to go back to New York, to the Tower or the compound, where he felt at home. But he knew he couldn’t. And that made him feel very dejected. He sighed. The little children inside the house gave him some hope; they made him happy. He wanted to go on for them, for his good friends.
Right. After his running away and puking all over Steve, of course his teammates wanted to check up on him.
Obadiah laughed as Tony skipped out of the office. After shutting the door, Tony pulled out his phone and sent a text to the others.
“Tony’s dad likes scrambled eggs,” Ana said. She was already taking out a pan to fry some. “I’ll make them.”
“I wasn’t told about you being here either, Stark,” Steve crossed his arms and avoided eye contact with Tony. He was staring at the machine instead. The light color changed to red and shone on Steve’s face. No pun intended but that made Tony look at Steve in a whole new light; because sure, that’s how Steve must be feeling.
Tony’s grin melted out of his face. He turned to look at his friends one last time before following Howard’s figure to the boardwalk.
He walked all the way to the entrance of the Engineering school and stood there, waiting for Steve. He prayed he wouldn’t have to run into Tiberius or Whitney today. He was in a good mood and didn’t want it to be ruined.
“Tony, it’s just you coming back here,” Steve pointed out. He walked and stood in front of Tony, knowing damn well he could get the little one’s eye contact.
Bucky was jumping up and down while Tony grinned. Steve scooped both of them up. He nodded at the girls and was out of the door. Kayla was smiling at that.
The cube that transports them is something I came up with. I have also added the Avengers' counterparts in Earth 3490, which you can see in the upcoming chapters. Nightshade and the cybernauts in this story is inspired by the comics (to be exact, Power Man and Iron Fist from the 1970s comic).
Tony was trying to hide the smile on his face. “Rhodey was just… venting out some frustrations. He does this regularly. Hey, wasn’t there once you nearly decked me?” he snorted.
Tony’s computer screen lit up. F.R.I.D.A.Y was asking if he wanted to put the plane on autopilot mode. Tony rejected it. He wanted to be on manual. He felt a hand on his shoulder. He didn’t want to look up. Not when his eyes were red from fighting back the tears of frustration and just sadness.
He landed in an alley, pushing down several trash cans and scaring a couple of cats and rats away. The people walking past them started to panic, running away in different directions. Wanda helped a young girl up, who had fallen down due to the chaos. She brushed off the little girl’s dress and made sure her knees were okay. Wanda also made sure the little girl was completely out of harm’s way.
Tony nodded his head. Thor too gave Tony a hug. He took Mjolnir and got ready to leave. “You’re a strong man, Tony.” He said, before he walked away. He wanted to go down to help the Damage Control people finish up their work quickly.
“So, I was looking through some theories and equations and one day found out that we have alternate universes. And I might have accidentally created a machine that can transport us there,” Reed explained. “I just sent Friday the schematics.”
Bruce shook his head and shut the door. Steve finally let go of Tony, who started to cough violently. Bucky and Clint helped both of them up. The 3 girls started to prepare for breakfast, dropping the topic of Steve entirely.
“I see. Well I need you down here to look at the stone with me,” Bruce sighed. A girl’s giggling could be heard at the background. Bruce turned to his back with a smile.
I hope you guys are doing fine. Thank you for all your support so far! It's over 20 chapters; you guys came a long way! :)
“Hey, meet my awesome housemates. I told you about them over the phone!” Tony announced excitedly. “Jarvis, meet Steve Rogers, Thor Odinson, Bruce Banner, Clint Barton and Natasha Romanoff. Guys, meet my butler Jarvis.”
Jarvis smiled at Steve’s words. He gave Steve’s shoulder a firm squeeze, already knowing Tony was in good hands.
If you've got any feedback, you can leave a comment below. I'd be more than happy to read and reply! :)
Hulk managed to punch the last of the Frost Giants in, along with Ben. Johnny was helping by stalling them, so that the Frost Giants didn’t walk out of the portal.
“Let’s see… You made an arc reactor, in a cave, while being kidnapped by terrorists. You had shrapnel in you, and the arc reactor made sure they didn’t reach your heart.” Steve started, hoping the mention of adult Tony’s past experiences won’t scare little Tony too much.
for the amusement park,” Jarvis looked at them coolly. He started to laugh when he saw all of them run towards him; especially Clint waddling right after jumping up from the pool.
Bruce ran down the basement stairs. “Don’t touch anything!” He exclaimed as he stopped near the shelf.
“I got you,” he said, still half asleep. He rolled out of bed and landed on the floor. He scrambled back up to get Tony a cup of water, still in his disoriented state.
The table went silent. Tony even contemplated on swallowing his saliva, because that was how quiet it went.
Steve managed to get to the window, and saw Clint’s bow disappear down. He also saw Tony falling back first. Steve felt a lump rise in his throat, and wished he could do more to save his Tony.
He was looking at the clear blue sea just beside the highway. The waves were dancing away freely and the sunlight was already making the water look sparkly. There were some shop vendors at the other side of the highway; there was a man selling strawberries too. Clint loved the view. He just couldn’t wait to go to the mansion and look at the sea from a different vantage point.
“Oh, so I’ve been a bad boy all along?” he smirked at Steve, who rolled his eyes. “You do know that I had called for you, right?”
“The doctor says he’s pretty much ready to go back home,” Clint said. “But they won’t release him till early afternoon, some safety thing was the reason they gave. And oh, he might have to use a wheelchair.”
“I… I love my course. I know I know, I love my boyfriend too. But my course… it's like an extension of my passion, if that makes sense. Oh wow, does it make sense? Anyway, I love to throw myself into projects after projects because that's my passion! I'll never trade this course for another. My friend Happy, he's in mass comm and he ends school early at times, but what he does might interest him but never me. So yeah, that's something about me..” Tony ended and was clasping his hands.
The rest of the Avengers were up to their own stuff in their rooms. Only Steve, Wanda and Sam were in the gym, and even they were wrapping up their session.
With that, he dropped baby Wanda. She landed on the couch, chest flat. A very scared Linda immediately scurried to get that baby girl. She hugged her and tried to calm her. She checked for any injuries. There was nothing, but Linda made sure Wanda was breathing properly. And she was.
The other two-thirds of it had gym equipment. There was a beam holding a punching bag. There were 3 other bags neatly lined up. Beside the extra bags was a treadmill and an exercise bike. There was also a shelf near the stairs. It had boxing gloves, a few chest expanders, ankle and wrist weights, and six pairs of hand grips. On the corner of the room, there were eight pairs of dumbbells.
“Also, you don’t have any shoes on,” Bucky nodded at Tony’s bare feet. Tony opened his eyes and just stared at Bucky.
“Come in, we were expecting you,” Clint smiled as he patted the chair next to him. Case in point. A Clint that sounded this friendly meant Steve had some words to scold Tony with right before he had gotten here.
“You fuckers are in for a fight because buddies, I’m pissed with you two and I’m pissed with you, Fisk, for taking my dance partner away from me,” Clint said angrily.
“You will,” the Frost Giant ordered and did not seem to care about the Cloak, which had knocked him. “Now. My master requires it.”
“Uh I was coming back home to visit you. But there was a big fight which involved superheroes and I got trapped…” he easily lied, and cringed because Captain America was right beside him.
“You do keep a lot of stuff from the past for someone who doesn’t call himself nostalgic,” Clint pointed out.
For all those who waited for this, I'm so sorry it took me so long! And thank you for reading my work and for supporting me. It means a lot to me :)
“You also have a private lab here. You built a couple of bots and are really affectionate about them,” Steve smiled, reminiscing the times when Tony fondly scolded his robots.
“What is?” Bruce looked up. But both being geniuses, they were on the same page within seconds. “Yeah, the stone. This seems the right place.”
“You wouldn’t like it when Bruce gets mad,” Natasha smirked at him. “But hey, I choose Grey’s Anatomy too!”
“Since I know myself, I just want to tell you this,” Tony said. “I’m not good at saying how much I love people. The only people I ever said that to was to Jarbis, Ana and indirectly to my mom. But… I saw the photos on the table. Adult me must really love you guys a lot. I only spent a few hours with you all and I already love you all!”
“I don’t think I’m worthy,” Tony said softly. “Dad always says how I’m good for nothing, and that I’m not worthy of the Stark mantle.”
The big quinjet landed in Wakanda, near T’Challa’s lab. The rear door opened wide. Bright light filled the interior of the jet. Tony was seated on the pilot’s seat. He was looking outside. There were many shrubs and trees. It looked serene. The sounds of birds chirping could be heard too.
“We don’t know,” Natasha sighed. “But you need to focus on yourself and your missions. You can’t keep replaying the scenario in your head. Let it go, Steve.”
It's a brand new semester and Steve, Tony, Natasha, Bruce, Clint and Thor are already needed to stop a fist fight. Clint and Natasha are signing up for the dance competition and Tony meets Justin Hammer.
The lot of them continued eating and were talking about how they were expecting the next semester to be.  Clint was sharing about how he knew his semester was going to be slightly relaxed, and that the new modules were actually his favorite. Natasha and Bruce remained neutral, and said that the Science school was full of surprises, so they didn’t want to jump into conclusions. Thor was more excited because he could focus on the technical aspect of theatre, while Steve was happy with his next semester modules, while Tony felt like his elective might kill them.
Tony looked up. “What do you mean? I created you and that means you can share with me anything, especially something like a fire incident.”
“Just don’t throw up today’s food during tomorrow’s roller coaster ride,” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Tony flew to him and ripped his seat belt away from him. Strucker was immediately sucked out of the jet and launched into the air. Tony got out of the falling jet and caught Strucker.
“I really want to fix things.” Bucky started. He placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I’m really sorry for what I did then. It wasn’t me. I couldn’t control and they were doing things to me, which made it worse. And the arm, it’s fine man. Really. It’s ok really, although I’d like to have one.”
Tony visibly stiffened up, and Steve took his hand. Tony’s breathing rate increased. He squeezed Steve’s hand so hard, making him wince. Natasha and the others looked at Tony with worry. This boy was just seconds away from a panic attack.
Steve was about to disagree. But he knew he couldn’t. The girls and the babies had to be safe here. They have to wait for Thor to come back with the cure. The stone being here only posed further danger for the occupants of the house. The Frost Giants could come any time and it’s all too risky. Doctor Strange was right; Steve needed his help and he had come at the right time.
Sam looked at him. Then nodded his head. At that time, Vision entered the big room. He had a glass of water with him, which he offered to Sam. He took it, with a smile.
Clint was all patched up. He was playing Monopoly with Tony, for over an hour, surprised at how much of properties the 4 year old had bought. At the end, Clint was real close to declaring bankruptcy. Thor simply laughed at that, and had invited Tony to play a game of Uno with him.
“Mr. Stark,” a female voice suddenly spoke up. “I’m Friday, and I run your armor, most of the time. I’m only activated when Jarvis has been disabled. There are intruders, Mr. Stark, and they’re headed for the communal level.”
“Alright everyone!” he clapped his hands to get the people’s attention and shouted. “Follow me, I’m going to get you all to safety, away from the nonsense!”
Everyone were staring in awe at the spread out field and huge mansion in front of them. Jarvis was smiling so much at their reaction.
Steve woke back up at 5am after a nap that was neither light nor deep. He realized that he had completely lost his battle against sleep. So, he wanted to make himself coffee. He got up, only to realize that Tony was not on the couch.
Clint fell to his knees and let out a long groan, while Thor was jumping around in glee. Natasha went to literally pick Clint up.
Everyone turned to look at him, not expecting Bruce to speak with a strong language. Bruce gave them all a light smile and shrugged.
“No no,” Tony slapped his forehead with his own palm. “I um… I meant Steve is here and I wasn’t told yesterday…”
“Dude,” Clint swung an arm around Bruce. “Thor looks quite muscular and he looks like a dude. A dude many girls would crush on. So obviously manly screams came as a surprise right!”
It took some time for Steve to realize the true meaning of Tony’s words. And it was then he also realized how much of an impact Steve had had on Tony’s life.
Tony didn’t say anything. Clint helped him up. He also brushed away the dust from his shirt and checked for any injuries. The Black Sabbath shirt Tony was wearing, was practically hanging off him. His pants were completely off.
Both Bucky’s and Steve’s eyes widened in alarm at that. The others gasped loudly and nearly all of them knew how this was going to end.
“Don’t push and shove!” Tony shouted at the top of his lungs. He could feel himself wanting to black out, but not now. Not when all these people’s lives were in danger.
Fury quickly gave them an overview of the situation, and Tony simply rolled his eyes. Apparently, A.I.M had developed some secret weapon and were testing it out in the streets of New York, which also happened to be a few blocks away from Avengers Tower. It’s as if they had no test facilities at their stupid secret lair. It was a device that shot out pinkish-purple beams and the organization
“I think they do,” Steve sighed. He was staring at the news anchor sharing Twitter posts about the ordeal.
Thor had also ordered several toys online; with the occasional help from Clint on picking the right toys. So far, only a drawing block with crayons and a toy car had arrived.
Thor motioned for the boys to come to where he was kneeling. He collected the liquid and stored it in the glass ornament, before splashing some at the boys.
“He’s behind you, Cap, and Bruce has secured the science stuff in the Quinjet,” Clint replied. “Civilians all clear.”
“Alright Wanda, whenever you’re ready.” Bruce sighed. He was walking up the basement stairs. Steve was in the process of digging a deep hole at the backyard.
The Hulk raised his arms to take Tony. He hesitated for a while, thinking he was just a big sack of destruction and trouble. But Tony’s innocent look and hope shining in his eyes was more than enough to convince even the Hulk, that he had second chances no matter what.
Steve was visibly shivering. “It’s cold and I hate it.” He said with gritted teeth. The smile on both Tony’s and Natasha’s faces vanished.
The class spent the next half an hour preparing a speech to present. Professor Williams was walking around, giving out presentation tips. Tony made sure he listened to the tips as some of them were really good. He couldn’t wait to use them for future presentations in his other classes. Carson and Tony decided to practice with each other. From the corner of his eye, Tony spotted Bethany reluctantly pairing up with Whitney to practice.
“See,” Sam started. “I had a wingman. Name was Riley. We were out for a standard night mission. An RPG knocked him out. He fell straight down, and there was nothing I could do. It’s like, I was up there to simply watch him go down. So you could say, guilt was eating me.” He moved closer to Rhodey. “When I saw you fall, for a split second, I saw Riley.”
Tony then went on to scribbling on the drawing block. He used various colors and simply made his own random design. All these he did after beating Thor in Uno.
“He’s not gonna let that go!” Clint was laughing, along with many other heroes. “Such a fanboy! Hey how did that Frost Giant manage to get out?!”
Tony sighed, frustrated with himself. He decided, firmly, that Obadiah was still trustworthy, and that the accusation was formed because of Howard’s paranoia and trust issues. For fuck’s sake, that man doesn’t trust anyone!
He turned to look at her. Natasha was looking at him, with a soft smile. He managed a weak one. She ruffled Tony’s hair. She knew that Tony was not ready to face the other Avengers. But he chose to anyways. It had to be something serious if Bruce asks for the team to come together again.
Tony was standing at the Gapstow Bridge in Central Park, leaning against the rocky surfaced railing while looking at the Pond. He smiled as he saw the calm waters, almost sparkling under the bright late morning sun. He was dressed casually, in jeans and a white t-shirt.
It was a very uneasy sleep. But it’s not like Steve had never experienced that before. He had had nightmares and many sleepless nights. So this, was nothing out of the ordinary.
Tony was playing with his new toy car. Clint had joined him this time. They made the car sounds while crawling quickly to the “finish line”, which was the line at the end of the carpet. Bucky, Natasha and Wanda were playing with their rattles. Occasionally Natasha tried to push away Bucky’s toy. But Steve intervened and broke off their little brawl. Bruce loved his animal toys. He allowed all of them to play with the toys, which the kids did.
Tony felt his tears welling up, an effect of pushing his thoughts and feelings away too quickly. But he even managed to suppress that, because, let’s face it, some of the people he loved were gathered in the room with him. They made him so happy and he felt loved with them around. He’d rather laugh with them right now, than cry.
She took the glasses of lemonade to the sofa. She was giving each of them their drinks. Everyone looked thirsty, hungry and very tired.
Silence settled in the room for a few minutes. Steve was standing at the window, looking at the white fluffy clouds moving slowly across the cornflower blue skies. Tony had managed to sit at the edge of his bed. He carefully placed the two plushies near his pillows. He turned to look at Steve’s back.
He immediately flew down to the boardwalk, where everyone was wrapping up the fight with the Hydra soldiers. Clint and Fury were standing there.
Steve Rogers walked in, wearing track pants and a blue shirt that was too tight for him. Who was taking him for clothes shopping? Why would they let him dress like this? It wasn’t healthy! For Tony!
“Don’t tell me you’re cleaning the pipe now,” Tony rolled his eyes. “Hey my girl F.R.I.D.A.Y, I think I asked you a question like four years ago.”
“You should get used to my attempts, I hope,” Steve looked at him, with hope blazing in his eyes. His cheeks were a little red.
It's the last day in Malibu for the 6 kids, and they have fun. It's all tears and smiles for them, except for Howard.
He had a chance to talk to Steve, but he ran away again. Perhaps he did need more time. Or, he was convinced Steve was going to reject him.
At this time, baby Natasha ran towards the Giant, who had gotten up already. Linda couldn’t stop her on time. She gave him a little kick on his side. The Frost Giant simply pushed her down.
They all opened their doors and entered their rooms. Clint gasped at the size of it. It was like a suite from some five-star hotel, looking so modern yet simple. The bed was a queen size, with fluffy pillows and a duvet cover. There was a television mounted on the wall opposite the bed. There was a walk-in closet and a study table beside the bed.
“I’m so glad you all are back,” Steve said. “Bucky did his business on me.” He stood up to show the wet patch on his shirt.
“So… are you okay, Tony?” Thor asked. “After last night, it is safe to say that perhaps you are avoiding Captain Rogers.”
“You’re kidding, right?” Tony straightened up. “No, tell me you’re kidding. Jane… I came here to check on you because I heard you crying!!”
The first second of him touching the stone, Clint felt a sharp pain on his palm. But that pain subsided quickly. A wave of purple passed across the entire basement. The stone dropped onto the floor.
“You alright?” Sam asked Bucky, who looked tired. Bucky managed to nod his head. Sam smiled at that.
Thor had swung an arm around Tony, telling him that everything was going to be fine. Natasha and Clint had run to the kitchen to get Jarvis, while Bruce was examining the injury. Steve was… well, very angry.
Steve’s slams were getting harder, and each time Tony felt his sweet spot being activated, he let out loud moans. Their bedframe began hitting the wall, hard.
“We brought out Fantasticar so no problems,” Reed smiled at Bruce. “And I’ll be visiting Tony once he comes out of the medical unit.”
Tony now walked briskly towards the leader, who looked slightly intimidated. Without hesitating, he grabbed the leader’s neck and strangled him. He easily lifted the leader up.
“Breakfast,” Natasha replied. She heard the ding sound come from the toaster and her toasts sprang up. She took them and placed them neatly on a blue ceramic plate.
“Your friends are not going to save you today, Tony Stark!” the man said, letting out a laughter that sounded plain evil.
Linda was now tickling baby Clint. The painting was long abandoned. He was cackling very loudly. Tony had joined Natasha and they both were throwing dolls at one another while giggling, while Bucky retreated to the sofa. Even amid all the loud baby noises, Linda heard Bruce’s shout. She didn’t know if she wanted to go down to check. Hence she called Steve. She told him what she had heard. Steve went down to check.
“I uh…” Steve didn’t know how to explain. “I feel conflicted. And I’m... I'm sorry about what happened to you.”
"Jarvis did a scan on you both when we were talking," Natasha started to explain. "He picked up some teleportation residue from you and no way were you two hiding behind a fake skin to attack us. So, welcome to our universe."
“Boss, I’m not allowed to share that information with you,” she replied with a hint of amusement in her tone.
Steve was looking right at Tony, taking in his words. “I agree with you. Now that we’re back, I guess we ought to stay united.” Steve sighed. “And… I’m sorry Tony.”
“Guys,” Coulson said firmly. “I think we have an even more important matter at hand. And that’s the safety of Tony, who is 4 years old as of now. S.H.I.E.L.D will lock the AIM scientists up and Damage Control will oversee the clean-up. We’ll leave Dr. Banner with the cure, with the help of the leader.”
The guests are revealed and the team unite for one last night. Steve and Tony made it up to one another too.
“Clint, come back here!” Linda said, panic filling her. She had no idea when Clint slipped past her and went there.
Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, and felt his pulse at the crook of his neck. He simply stared at the New York skyline.
Steve frowned. “No, you were never a disappointment. Also, you can take a look at the photos. I won’t bite.”
“It’s ok,” Steve whispered. That was when the tears formed in his eyes. “You don’t have to take the blame for everything. You don’t have to bear the weight of this whole world, alone. And you’re
Some S.H.I.E.L.D agents ran to where the scientist was and grabbed him. The scientist was still firing, and this time, his beam shot up towards the sky. After a couple of seconds, the device vibrated, cracked and stopped. It crumbled, much to the shock of the scientist. The agents dragged him away, while one of them handed the broken device to Nick Fury.
Again, all the laughter died down. Tony’s smile just fell off his face. Howard took a plate and filled it up with food. He sat down at the dining table and started to eat.
“You like my face, don’t you?” Tony asked her. “Yeah, it’s a very handsome and expensive face. It’s personal property which looks so good it- hey!”
“This stone, has the power to de-age a person and the people around the person, if they are standing very near the wielder,” Bruce began. “It’s not exactly the stone itself. It is the cracks, which are already present on the stone, that can de-age. And this is just one half of the stone.”
He also saw how neat the room looked, compared to how it looked last night, with Steve’s and his professional clothes strewn all over the place.
“I do not think they left New York,” Thor said quietly. He squinted because of the sunlight when he looked up at Iron Man. “I am absolutely done with their behavior.”
Tony relaxed on him, feeling so happy that he knew who Bruce Banner was. People always misunderstood him, thinking that the monster and he are one. But they weren’t. Heck, the Hulk wasn’t a monster. He was more of a kid with anger management issues. And Bruce was a great friend and a great mentor. He was one of the greatest scientists of their time, no doubts on that.
Within ten minutes, Steve and Tony had found themselves in the new cafe. The usual cafe jazz music was playing, and Tony felt like he was in New York City. There was a calm atmosphere in there, with the walls colored brown and cream color. There were potted plants perched on stands on the walls, and a few aesthetically pleasing photos of coffee and cakes were in between the perched plants. They had their daily specials written on a blackboard with chalks of different colors, showing the products and prices. There were tables and couches in the cafe, and the staff dressed in jeans and black shirt looked friendly.
“We need to find the stone the leader has!” Doctor Strange said. “If these idiots slip by, they could enter my place and take the other stone.”
“We can stay here. But not for long, I guess. Then some of us may have to go back to Wakanda,” Natasha said.
“It’s not our doing,” Tony willed himself to not give that lady a lecture. “But it’s our responsibility and part of it is to keep you safe. Now move it, people! Go to the exits!”
Bucky now saw that everyone were looking at him from below, with awe. It took him two seconds to realize what he had done.
“Oh my God Nat look it’s you!” Tony giggled. He stretched out the Black Widow teddy bear to her. She took it and sat down at the edge of the bed.
All of them ran towards him. Steve forcibly removed Tony’s hand from his nose. They all stared at him, with horror. There was blood dripping down from his nose and Tony was looking like he was trying not to cry.
Bruce leaned in closer to whisper to the girls. “I’m sure Tony is already planning on having you guys over.” The girls were grinning at that. Bruce nodded his head before jogging to the quinjet.
Steve was observing Tony. He then walked towards Tony, who looked so fragile that one touch could send him crying for hours.
“I have a feeling I know who may have instigated him. I’d have to go back to Asgard if I need answers.” Thor sighed. “I can sense bigger threats coming our way. We need to be more prepared.”
“There are a few S.H.I.E.L.D sniper rifles available just a few floors down. You can take the Frosties out from above a building. Ask F.R.I.D.A.Y, she’ll assist you, Bucky,” Tony said. He too couldn’t help but smile at what Bucky was doing.
Tony slowly turned to look at Steve. He couldn’t help but also feel the warmth of his hands, which were protectively enveloped around Tony’s own hand. But the moment didn’t last long.
“What are you?” Peter sobbed at Iron Man. “Where is Uncle Ben? Aunt May?” Tony sighed before putting down Peter.
“This bouquet, we’re giving it to you on behalf of the Defenders,” Luke said. He stretched out the bouquet to Tony.
Tony turned back at Steve looking at him. He smiled at Steve, still wincing in pain. He surely must be looking like he was having a constipation but was forced to smile in the midst of it. Sometimes for a genius, he could be pretty fucking stupid.
Tony moved closer, and snuggled onto Steve. Steve curled an arm around Tony, and the other arm brushed back his hair. Tony relished the warmth Steve’s body provided him with. He sighed in content.
“Peter, where were you all night? I was panicking! I called Ned and he said you weren’t with him either!” she pulled him for a very tight hug.
Steve shook his head and wiped some water out of his face. “I’m fine.” He said. When the others refused to believe him, he gave them a reassuring nod.
Tony let out a little groan when he realized the battle wasn’t over yet. Everyone else readied their weapons. Tony was jogging back to where he had left his armor.
Bruce nodded his head. “So… AIM created a device that can transport you to limbo and to the past, and bring your younger self from the same time period to the present time. Impressive.”
“You know if you have something to say…” Tony started. He was giving his temples a massage. “You can just spill it.”
Clint wiped away his tears too. He gave Tony’s shoulder a pat. The penthouse was silent; everyone was trying to understand what Tony had gone through. Steve’s eyes were red. He was holding his boyfriend’s hand, squeezing it tightly, hoping someday Tony wouldn’t have to feel this much of pain.
Also I was listening to Malibu by Miley Cyrus while editing this chapter and it simply added to the effect. Gosh I love that song!
“Everything is prepared in the Tower for your arrival, Mr. Stark,” Vision spoke up. “There are several guests already seated at the penthouse as we speak. One of them is a kid, Peter Parker, who said he has something to give you. Moreover, there are several things waiting for you there.”
“Don’t mention it, Ms. Romanoff. Just stay low and take care of them,” T’Challa said. “Especially Bucky.”
“It reminds me of winter, which is associated with my parents’ death,” Steve sighed shakily. “My dad died when I was four. My ma worked and worked to keep us afloat. There was once, during winter, I was walking down the street to get my ma a newspaper. A few other boys threw cold water at me and mocked me when I screamed. From that day on, I hated the cold. I just…. I can’t… breathe….”
Tony saw Bruce run out of the jet, holding a mini clear glass bottle, with colorless liquid sloshing around in it and two syringes. He was in his lab coat, looking frazzled.
“Kayla and Linda, this is Sam Wilson. Sam, these are Kayla and Linda, who have kindly provided us a safe house.” Steve introduced them to one another.
“Or we have to argue more with Ross,” Tony shrugged. “See, we need the Avengers united together. What if we were still broken apart while the Frost Giants came here? Can you imagine what would have happened?”
“Yeah, word must have spread that the Starks have moved here,” Tony huffed. “Don’t bother Nat. We can have fun ignoring them.” He dismissed them and turned back to the water.
Thor served this time around, with his tongue sticking out slightly. Clint was still going on enthusiastically. He hit the shuttlecock hard, sending back to Thor. Thor was also used to receiving the shuttlecock through the opponent’s forehand smash technique. So it wasn’t difficult for him, but for Clint, well, he absolutely hated that technique.
Once up in the kitchen, Steve started to make Tony milk. Kayla had taught him how to do so. There was a spare bottle in the kitchen; she bought it just in case something went wrong. Steve was shaking the bottle and balancing Tony on one hand. Soon he began to feed. He could swear he saw a very brief smile on the baby’s face. The little boy was
Obadiah was impressed. As Tony uploaded the file into the company’s server, Obadiah gave Tony’s back a firm pat.
“I’m fine,” Tony smiled. He rested his head on her shoulder, feeling the chiffon material of her dress and smelling her Victoria’s Secret perfume.
“Yeah,” Spidey said softly. “And I can kinda remember what he did and said when I got hit by that purple thing. I don’t think I can forget them.” His voice cracked at the end.
“Boss, armor integrity is weak. I highly do not recommend what you’re doing,” the AI said. And she sounded worried.
He made sure people were leaving the eatery. It was all panic outside, with people running and screaming. Two mothers accidentally crashed their strollers on each other, which made the toddlers in it scream.
We see short glimpses of what Rhodey and Sam were up to at the Tower while Steve and Linda attempt to bury the stone.
This sent the big, muscular man screaming in shock. He missed a footing and went rolling down the stairs. He stopped midway, just enough to get into the views of the 3 girls. The 3 of them jumped up from the couch. Natasha slammed open the master bedroom door. She had a pocket knife with her. Bruce ran out to see what happened. Clint woke up at the sound of the fall. He came out, looking sleepy. The water stopped running in the bathroom.
Tony was looking at the clear skies. “You can, I am dropping Scott at the Tower. You can join him. But we may need you soon.”
Tony sighed. He looked out at the sky too, while saying, “Your knee bleeding slightly, mud all over your legs and skirt, the torn papers in your hand and red eyes say otherwise.”
“Gosh I missed this,” Bruce smiled. He and Natasha chose the loveseat on the right. Within seconds, they were settled in.
What they didn’t know was that Tony was actually still in the amusement park. It’s just that he wasn’t up with the public. He was down, under the boardwalk, sitting on the moist sand and was letting the sea water wash his legs. He had been crying for a long time and simply wanted to be alone.
Steve smiled as he pictured Peggy shielding Tony away from Howard. He wished he was there with her, shielding little Tony together.
“What was he drawing?” Tony asked. He rinsed the glass and placed it back on the rack. He then slowly climbed down the chair.
When Tony’s arms neared the handle, blue sparks appeared on it. They were moving downwards, to where Tony’s hand was going to land. There was a crackling sound, soft but audible enough for everyone seated there. Thor frowned, wondering what was actually happening. Mjolnir let out a buzz, and when Tony touched the handle, the sparks and sounds stopped.
“I want to start off by saying that I’m so sorry,” he looked at Tony with sincerity shining in his eyes. “I’m sorry for just… confronting you like an idiot that night.”
“Tony, good morning!” Maria Stark said. She pulled her son towards her. “It’s good to see you up this early.” She ruffled his hair and realized Tony didn’t even smile at her comment. “What’s up Tony?”
Hi everyone! How are you guys doing? Hope you're all having a great weekend so far. Here's another chapter and happy reading, y'all!! Thank you so much for your support so far! :))
“I… Can I finish?” Tony asked, he practically whispered this out. He didn’t expect either of them to react. He thought they’ll just nod their heads and leave the room. Steve then told him to finish. “So I was all alone, and I thought maybe, just maybe if I hadn’t overreacted so much, things could have ended better. I am so sorry, both of you. I, I really am. I’m trying to amend myself but, each time I try, it doesn’t seem to work. I’m a constant disappointment. I hope both of you understand, and I hope I can earn the relationships back.”
On the other side, Clint was watching Tom and Jerry on the television when he began hearing the thuds from the room beside his, getting louder. Natasha was in the walk-in closet. Clint got up from the bed, feeling frustrated as he really wanted to watch his cartoon in peace. He wanted to go over to their room. When he heard Tony’s loud scream and Steve’s loud moan.
“It’s four in the morning,” she replied. Her phone vibrated and she answered it. “Yeah Clint? Yes we’re coming now tell Fury to get ready.” She slowly walked out of his room.
“Thor,” Steve said while pinching the bridge of his nose. “You literally have a genius to catch. Near Brooklyn Bridge, red and gold armor. Hard to miss.”
The others nodded. They could already see the New York City lights from the cockpit windows. Tony had started to put the jet on descent mode and slowed it down. They were flying over the streets within seconds.
“I need to talk to you about Stark Industries,” Howard sighed. He leaned against the railing. Tony raised an eyebrow and turned to look at his dad. “It’s something I thought. I also wanted you to know, so I came here. Look son, in case something happens to me, you will be the one running the company in the future. I know you, son. I know you trust people too easily and that’s not good. I-”
After changing him into a pajama, Natasha pulled the blanket towards Tony, once he was settled in. Tony chose to hug the Captain America bear, while the rest of them were laid out neatly beside him, also covered by the blanket.
Tony swung an arm around her, guiding her back to 6-40. He joked a few times, and led her in safely.
“What is it, Friday?” Tony sighed, wiping his grease coated hands on his grey sweatpants, staining it. His olive-green tank top was sweat coated, from the long hours of hard work he was doing in his lab.
“I’m okay I guess,” Tony replied. “It’s just that the room is too bright, especially the light coming from that little window. Plus, why’s everything so white outside?”
“You know,” Tony started, his voice coarse because of all the shouts and screams. “This is the best sex I ever had.”
“I feel like this is a terrible idea,” Clint suddenly said. “I mean… Nightshade’s smart. How long do you think it’ll take for her to figure our plan out and find us?”
“What is it, little guy?” Steve asked him. Bucky pointed at the cake, and then at Tony. Steve didn’t understand. In fact, it took him a while before he did. “You want to feed Tony?” Steve was smiling. Bucky nodded his head.
“Dammit!” Clint swore. He wiped a sweat bead rolling down his forehead. “I was this close to winning!”
They were staring at about a two-year-old baby boy, completely naked and drooling onto the floor. They also heard sounds coming from beside the baby and behind the lab table.
“I disagree,” Jarvis smiled. He walked to Tony and placed an arm on his shoulder. “I think you look like someone who is going to be so successful, Tony. Forget Mr. Stark’s words. I think you have potential to be someone better than him.”
“Yeah but… I don’t want to feel that way, Tony. I’ve been trying to change myself.” Clint leaned against the wall and shrugged.
She nodded. After gulping down her drink, she turned to Steve. “So this is your life?” she asked softly. “Danger everywhere you go.”
Tony nodded his head, not trusting his voice. After a brief kiss, they both headed down to the kitchen.
“You’re in your lab, Boss. Thor deposited you here roughly five minutes ago before going for a de-brief session with Captain Rogers,” Friday informed him. “Might I also inform you that Captain Rogers is royally pissed at you for doing your job.”
“Friend Steve, that’s absolutely disgusting! I thought you had feelings for friend Tony?” Thor’s face scrunched up.
“There is a supermarket just a few meters down.” Kayla was gasping for air while trying to catch up with Tony. They were all walking at a fast pace.
Steve pretended to look like he was thinking. And then, he turned to the others. “You know what’s the biggest joke?”
Once he took his towel, he went to the washroom, silently, thinking about how possessive Steve could get. And how much he had loved it.
