He doesn't know how it's possible, but felt like years, he felt the years the same way he felt the years when he was in hell, but heaven was so much more gentle and welcoming with its pains. The years have passed but at the same time haven't, the concept of time is extremely bizarre in this place and Bobby wasn't kidding when he said that time works differently here. 40 years, 40 minutes, or 40 seconds, he doesn't know, it's everything and it's nothing.
—Say it…Sometimes it's better just to say it.- He rests his hand beside Cas's lightly brushing with his fingers for a second, almost imperceptibly, Cas could tell he was going crazy
—Why you ask?- He remembers being particularly loud last night, but his room is one of the most isolated and the walls are thick, or is it not?
—Hum…you're an angel, sex with me that time was as good for you as it was for me?- he asks knowing the answer is probably frustratingly obvious. Cas smiles and says hesitantly.
—Hum...It was an experience on the human level of pleasure, it was great, it was with you...- He tries to be honest and also make it clear that there's nothing wrong with that and that Dean shouldn't feel inferior even for a second.
Dean wonders if that open door and the glimpse Cas let Dean have of his ass was really an invitation, and if it was, should he? He wasn't thinking clearly anymore, it seems like all the blood he had accumulated in one place, Dean laughs looking at his own groin.
He feels like he's running around in circles on a hamster wheel, he's so tired... So tired of fighting, so tired of being afraid, so tired of chasing after what he can't have, so tired of hating himself for things he feels he has no control over.
—That was our true form now, you don't have a physical body anymore, and I was trying to show you my true form, I can't hurt you here or blind you like I accidentally did with Pamela- Cas says trying to say it in a way that Dean understands.
—It's not about that Cas, but since you're offering…I'll take, I'll take whatever you want to give me- He says turning around and kissing the angel deeply and opening the angel's pants again and grabbing his ass going straight to Cas's hole who moans scared but do not stop Dean who puts him against the wall roughly, Cas smiles at that and moans when he feels Dean nudge his entrance with his fingers and his grace does the rest of the job.
—Cas! My son, D.J.He arrived, right?- Sam asks slightly hopeful as he somehow feels a familiar presence arriving in heaven.
—Are you seriously praying for this?- Cas asks in a serious tone without patience, and almost breathless, Dean can't read what it means and the blonde's face immediately turns red with embarrassment, the intention was not to pray, but I think he ended up doing, he shrugs, disconcerted, little regret for the fact.
—Stay with me tonight?- Dean asks almost pleadingly and the angel nods positively snuggling in with him. Cas would be with him forever if he allowed.
—Yeah I can see that-  Dean searches for the angel's gaze, and manages to catch his attention when he gets close and reaches out his finger to touch Cas' chin briefly. -Is that why you didn't show up sooner? If you don't want to have this conversation just tell me Cas, you don't have to  throw me into Lisa's arms into the first 5 minutes of conversation...I understand, I don't think you ever had to dump anyone ass, but angel, it's ok, I understand- Dean says facing the angel full of pain and love and Cas frowning at him indignantly, he doesn't answer that right away, he doesn't want to raise his voice with Dean right now. For a while, they are almost cursing each other with looks. Cas sighs deeply.
—Cas…Fuck me now!- The hunter places a hot, breathless kiss on the angel's lips, tasting his own and making a disjointed mess that Cas didn't even know turned him on so much.
—I know, it seems I don't care, but there's a lot going on and I'm working so you can get back to the Bunker…I just can't say…I'm sorry, I miss you too…a lot- He exchanges a pitying look, almost crying out for absolution, for a second Cas gets to see Dean vulnerable
Dean stares at Cas with his brows furrowed, a little angry and he says in a dry, emotionless voice, arms crossed trying to emotionally pull away as much as he can.
So yes Dean had other plans that night, he wanted to open that door, he missed Cas that way, he tried to push his feelings away but it was becoming impossible, he loved him so much it hurt. When the angel was possessed by Lucifer that whole year he felt like he could explode just thinking about what Cas could be going through in that bastard's hands and when he finally came back he kind of panicked and yes called him brother and family, but then what can he say? That's the only way he can show love to Cas, that he has the guts.
Cas quickly removes his heavy coat along with his jacket, throwing everything on the floor and opening his pants at a speed that impresses and excites Dean.
that fuck up in the head?!- Dean asks not wanting an answer and Cas just tries to tear his eyes away from Dean, looking at his feet he says in a defeated voice.
—What time do you have to be at Gas-N-Sip?- Dean asks casually rubbing his eyes, trying not to let his intentions show so much.
Dean requests the check, everything happens so fast, when he realizes they are walking back to the car and Dean breaks the silence
The Empty didn't came to Cas, the creature wasn't kidding when said wanted to see him suffer. Castiel, was really happy in just saying everything he said the Empty felt it, he came but only took Billie and left, making the disturbing sounds in his ear teasing him. The oil-black goo caressed him with morbid gentleness on his face and let out a loud devilish laugh and was gone as slowly as it came, making its repulsive gooey noises echo through the dungeon and then, silence.
—Sorry Cas, you don't have to do this if you don't want to! You said you wanted to take the pain away and I made a shitty suggestion..- But Cas can only feel Dean's pain right now, it's too overwhelming, he doesn't want this to be the beginning of the end for them, he doesn't want Dean to walk away from him and close doors again, having Dean and loving him like a brother is more important than having Dean completely as a lover and breaking them both in the process, Dean is not ready, he doesn't know if one day Dean will be ready. But until then Cas can lock those memories in a safe place and finally put Dean to rest for today. He loves Dean too much to lose him, Dean is his family, he won't miss it, he can't, he won't,
to grow on him. Emotions take over Dean, he lets them run free, he can't say anything just sighs and moans through his tears. He feels each kiss burn across his cheek, but he smiles so hard the muscles in his cheek begin to ache. It's so overwhelming and beautiful the way Cas runs his tongue over every inch of her body.
—Your father didn't have free will, you never really knew your father...Jack thought he deserved a second chance, you're going to be surprised by some people who are here-
They are standing on that bridge now, silent after talking as much as they can. Sam looks at his brother and pausing a hand on his shoulder.
—I want you to think about what you're telling me, Dean, I could really do this. If you tell me you'd rather forget I would.- Dean has tears running down his face.
—I'm staying at Gas-N-Sip... Not quite in a bed... Anyway, sleeping in a real bed is probably a good idea and I really want to spend a little more time with you...- He says shyly and Dean nods positively and they get in the car. He doesn't know what Dean has in mind, probably nothing and probably no reason to panic, but staying in the same room as Dean tonight could be catastrophic or incredible, he doesn't really know. Dean just drives, he decides silence is better, he doesn't know what to say or what to expect, he doesn't know if Cas knows what's implied here. He just wants to spend tonight with his friend and enjoy his company if the night is booked for more he accepts.
.. I never give up on you, not really, hope that something good will happen never really leaves you after you feed it. And Dean...- He moves his hand to the back of Dean's neck and he shivered at the warm touch, he closes his eyes waiting for Cas' lips on his, but he keeps talking -
Castiel hummed thoughtfully. “Perhaps not. But I’m certain that at least some of them enjoy a good gossip.”
“It’s beautiful.” Dean looked around appraisingly, taking in the lush bushes, flowerbeds and trees. “You’ve done a good job.”
He shook his head in frustration. “Dammit, Cas, why are you so good with words? How am I supposed to live up to everything you said in the bunker? Look, what I’m trying to say is that I’m in love with you. And I have been for a long ass time. I don’t even know when it happened. One day, you were just Cas and the next you were…” Dean shrugged helplessly. “
The two brothers moved into the foyer where Mary, Charlie and Jo were waiting. Mary and Jo were dressed in beautiful blue and red dresses respectively while Charlie had a striking pantsuit that matched Jo’s dress. All three women looked over when Dean and Sam entered.
“I had bad taste when I was young.” Jo stepped in to hug him tightly. “But seriously, I’m so happy for you, Dean.”
The bee on his finger took flight into the flowerbed once more and landed on a tulip, disappearing into the petals to find nectar. Castiel got to his feet, brushing the grass off of his trench coat as he turned to face his friend.
“I’ll let that slide just this once since it’s your wedding day.” Charlie stood on her tiptoes to give him a hug. “But I’m still the queen and don’t you forget it.”
“Look at you,” she smiled. “My handsome boy.” She brushed at the shoulders of his black suit jacket. “I still find it so hard to believe you’re all grown up. I still sometimes think of you as the little four year old who loved chocolate milk and Saturday morning cartoons.”
Dean beamed, feeling ridiculously light. He had no idea what to say to all that so he settled for squeezing Castiel’s hands once, twice and stoking his thumbs over his knuckles. And because Castiel was perfect, he understood.
The last few words were spoken in a breathless whisper, acknowledging for the first time Dean’s returned feelings.
Dean rolled his eyes but was clearly fighting a smile. “You’re gonna make me cry on my wedding day, Sammy.”
“Then by the power vested in me by… well, him, I guess,” Bobby nodded at Jack. “I now pronounce you, Dean and Castiel Winchester, profoundly bonded forever.”
Dean was looking as awkward as Castiel had ever seen him. He seemed completely out of his comfort zone, like he had ventured out into deep water after only having a handful of swimming lessons. “Ok. Ok. Cas.” He cleared his throat. “Cas, back in the bunker when you – when you told me you loved me, you meant it in a romantic way, right?”
The walk seemed to simultaneously take an eon and no time at all because after far too long and before Dean knew it, Sam, Jo and Charlie were moving off to the right and Mary was turning him to face her. She kissed him on the cheek and he felt like a little boy again when she gave him her proud mama smile.
“Well, we’re all a little skewed, aren’t we, Cas?” Dean’s smile was teasing and Castiel huffed a laugh.
Castiel felt his heart flutter, mind speeding back to his last goodbye to Dean, the confession falling from his lips and forcing down the urge to kiss the hunter in favour of pushing him to safety. “Yes,” he confirmed. He felt heat creeping up his neck to his face and observed with vague interest that he could, apparently, blush in heaven. “I did.”
In the crowd, Dean saw all their friends and family that they’d loved and lost and found again. Mary beaming from the front row and Gabriel beside her, smirking proudly with his arm around an applauding Rowena. Donna and Jodie waving eagerly with Alex, Patience and Kaia while Claire whistled loudly. Ash, Ellen and Pamela all seated together and giving them knowing looks. Kevin and Mrs Tran cheering from further back. Benny shot Dean his signature sideways grin from next to Missouri Moseley. Garth gave a jaunty salute and Bess waved. Even Adam offered a nod and a small smile from the very back row.
Jack nodded. “I’ll tell Kevin to start the music.” He turned to leave but hesitated. He quickly ran over to Dean and hugged him. “Congratulations, Dean.”
Dean glanced up at the lavender crown placed on Castiel’s head. A several bees were circling the sweet smelling flowers. “Cute.” He nudged Cas’s chin with his knuckle. “Just like you.”
“You changed me too, you know?” he said softly. “You made me care about you in a way that terrified me and excited me all at once. I’ve never felt that before. You gave me kindness and strength and loyalty. You helped me realise that I’m not a weapon or a monster or a killer. And...” he swallowed. “You’re helping me understand that I deserve good things. That I deserve love.”
Tiny insect legs tickled Castiel’s skin as the honey bee walked up his finger. He smiled, turning his hand with the little creature’s movement until it rested on his knuckle. Bees had always comforted him. Not only were they fascinating to watch but also so sure of their purpose in life. Go out, collect pollen, back to the hive, and make honey. And they helped their fellow creatures by participating in pollination. Castiel often thought he would have loved to be a bee if he wasn’t an angel. Or whatever he was now.
A familiar voice spoke from behind him, a smile woven into the words. Castiel couldn’t suppress the full smile that rose on his face but he didn’t turn around.
Dean’s heart beat faster as they walked closer and closer to the convergence of the paths. His eyes skimmed up the other half of the wedding party – over Balthazar signing to Eileen as they walked side by side and Jack following peacefully behind them before finally reaching Castiel. He steadfastly ignored whatever inappropriate comments Gabriel was whispering to him and instead kept that intense gaze fixed on Dean.
. He tasted a hint of apple flavoured sweetness. Dean tilted his head, breaking their mouths apart for a split second that was far too long and Castiel hurried to press them back together, burying his hand in Dean’s hair.
When they finally broke apart, they looked around, slightly dazed by the kiss and the adrenaline. There was Bobby just barely keeping it together. Sam and Charlie crying shamelessly while Jo and Eileen whooped their excitement. Balthazar’s smug face plainly saying, ‘called it’.
“Aw shucks, Bobby, don’t go all sappy on me,” Dean teased despite the swell of love he felt for the man that was more of a father to him than anyone else ever was.
2008 is the most important date in the history of the universe to me. Because it’s the day that we met. The day you first began to make your way into my heart. The moment I first laid eyes on you, I was bewitched, body and soul.”
“Guess it’s my turn.” Dean took a deep steadying breath. “Cas… I’m no good with words like you are. But I’m gonna do my best. I promise that I’ll always do my best for you because you deserve… everything. Over the years, we’ve had so many highs and lows. And for me, highest highs were always when you were with me while my lowest lows were when you were gone. It’s come to the point where I can hardly remember a time when you weren’t in my life. But from what I can remember, the world got a whole lot brighter when you came into it.” He shook his head. “Back on earth, I got scared. A lot. I was pretty much terrified all the time. And the only times I wasn’t scared – or at least less scared – was when I was with you. You make me brave, Cas. You make me brave and scared and strong and weak in all the best ways and I love you so,
Castiel nodded, still smiling so wide. “I promise to bring you pie when you need cheering up and to give you back massages when you need them. I promise to take your side when you argue with Sam, but only when he’s wrong. And I promise not to complain too much when you and Charlie make me dress up in medieval attire.” That drew a disbelieving snort from behind Dean. “But most of all I promise to love you and to hold you and to remind you of your worth.” Castiel smiled at Dean in a way that made him feel like the universe itself. “Because you are worth so much to so many. And you are worth everything to me.”
Castiel nodded. “I am aware. I believe Sam has used the phrase,” he bent his index and middle fingers. “‘the poster child for emotional constipation’ to describe you in the past.”
And on the porch of the lake house opposite theirs, Dean could see the love of his life. Even from this distance, he could see that Castiel was smiling and his heart began to race. He prodded Charlie in the back. “Come on! I want to see my husband.”
Both men were distracted as a large fluffy bumblebee buzzed lazily between them, meandering on its way to wherever its next engagement was. Castiel felt light, complete.
“Bees make better company than most,” Castiel continued. He settled down onto the grass and crossed his legs, bringing his hand closer to his face to see the little bee more clearly. “You’re good listeners. You understand. The bees on earth understood me but never talked back. I suppose it’s the same in heaven.” He frowned. “Although, I’m not entirely sure how all this works. A lot of the things Jack said went over my head.”
Castiel took Dean’s face in his hands and kissed him. Cheers exploded all around them and Dean pulled his husband as close as he physically was able, smiling so wide he could burst. Their foreheads rested together when their lips parted and Castiel laughed, eyes still squeezed shut before Dean dragged him in for another kiss.
“Let’s get to it then. ‘M not really sure why you two made me officiate but I’ll do my best. We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of these two idjits who finally got their heads out of their asses.”
“Do you really think Cas will give a damn what your hair looks like?” Sam asked. “I’m pretty sure he’s not going to be focused on whether or not all your hair is in place?”
much. You are the best thing to ever happen to me and sometimes I still can’t believe that you’re mine but I’m so grateful that you are.”
Tears rolled down Castiel’s cheeks and Dean was having a tough time holding his own at bay. “So,” he continued. “I promise to do the dishes more often. I promise to make you burgers and PB&J sandwiches. I promise not to tease you too much when you talk to your bees and to kiss you whenever you want. I promise to love you more than anything and to always remind you how much you are loved and appreciated by myself and by everyone else.”
“Listen to me, Dean Winchester,” Castiel growled. “I’m sure you recall my words in the bunker so I won’t repeat them, but I will reiterate this: you are the best man I have ever had the honour to know. You are the best of humanity. And I will stand by that until the very last star in the universe burns out and the last traces of any of us are gone from existence.” His left hand moved to the junction of Dean’s neck and shoulder, fingers curling around his shirt collar. “Moreover, I will not allow you to think so poorly of yourself, especially now that you are in the heaven you deserve. Rest. Be kind to yourself. You deserve all this and so much more. You deserve everything.” Castiel smiled softly, eyes flicking across Dean’s face, taking him in as though for the first time. The feeling in his chest swelled. “Try to love yourself as I love you. And as you love me.”
Everyone he loved in one place and the love of his life holding his hand. This was the happiest Dean had ever been in life or death.
“I enjoy my peace and quiet,” Castiel said. “I’m sure you can imagine how difficult that can be to find with Bobby, Ellen, Jo and Pamela living nearby. Just to name a few.”
“Now,” he said to the bee. “Dean, here – he doesn’t believe you can understand me. But perhaps that is for the best. Now we may talk about him behind his back and he need never know.”
Dean’s lips brushed his when he spoke. “I’m counting on it. Wouldn’t be heaven without a little danger.”
Dean really was going to cry this time so he wrapped his mom in a bear hug, burying his face in her shoulder to try head off the tears. “Thanks, mom.”
“I don’t know why I never told you.” Dean shook his head and Castiel saw a shimmer of tears. “No, that’s a lie. I know why. I was scared. Scared to be myself, scared to lose you, scared to allow the possibility of having something good in my life. Especially since you’ve always been far too good for me. I guess I just never felt like I deserved you, Cas.” He laughed awkwardly. “I’m still not one hundred percent sure I do, honestly.”
Dean chuckled breathlessly. “Never thought I’d get to do that,” he said. Up close, his smile made Castiel dizzy and he was grateful for Dean’s arm around his waist. “Thought about it a lot though.”
“So did I,” Castiel admitted. His cheeks were beginning to ache from smiling, a very human problem. He rather liked it. “May I kiss you again?”
Castiel was tolerant of many things. Of other people’s opinions (provided they didn’t hurt anyone else), of obnoxious seagulls, and of those who put mayonnaise on pizza. But one thing he could never and would never tolerate was Dean Winchester putting himself down.
“I still can’t believe you managed to get someone to agree to marry you,” Jo teased. “Although I suppose Cas is the only one who can put up with you.”
A laugh rose from their friends and family behind them and Dean and Castiel exchanged sheepish glances and grins.
Bobby was looking awkward in his suit and tie and like he was desperately missing his baseball cap but when he looked at the two men in front of him, his eyes softened and pride shone through. He cleared his throat.
Castiel was a vision. Crown woven from lavender nestled in his always beautifully mussed hair. Blue suit, black tie and white shirt complimenting his eyes. Those same eyes shining with so much affection and love that Dean could feel his skin tingle under his gaze. But something wasn’t quite right.
Dean was getting choked up now. Why did he have to be so emotional today? He managed to thank Jo and wipe discreetly at his eyes before Mary approached him.
Through the half open door, strains of music began to play, some symphony that Dean didn’t know the name of. But because Castiel had picked it, he loved it. Sam clapped him on the shoulder with a bright smile as he took his place by the door with Charlie and Jo. Charlie stood gallantly in the middle while Sam and Jo each took hold of one of her arms so she could escort them both.
Mary laughed. “That’s my baby.” Her smile turned soft as she cradled his face in her hands. “I’m so proud of you, sweetheart. You deserve all the happiness in the world. And so much more.”
He stepped forward and gripped Dean tight by the shoulders, his right hand falling to the exact spot it had twice before – once when raising him from perdition and once when shoving him to the floor in the bunker.
The bee scurried up Castiel’s ring finger to rest on the tip. “Regardless, I am glad that we have bees in heaven,” Castiel said. “I loved all of earth’s animals but you are certainly one of my favourites.”
Sam opened the door and the group all walked out onto the porch. Dean was blinded for a moment by the bright sunlight before his eyes adjusted and he was able to take in view.
The added emphasis on his name, though such a little thing, made Castiel feel somehow like he was the biggest and most important thing in all of heaven. And the soft smile in Dean’s green eyes caused something somewhere near his sternum to swell as if it was about to burst.
“Hey.” Sam turned Dean away from the mirror. “Look at me.” He squeezed his shoulders gently and give him a small smile. “Cas already has the best, ok? He’s marrying you.”
Dean shrugged sheepishly. “S’good to double check, right? But anyway, I never got the chance to say anything back so I’ll do my best now.” He took a deep breath, arms settling awkwardly at his sides. “I’m no good at this,” he muttered.
Dean smiled. He seemed to be doing that a lot. Castiel liked it. “You do too, Cas.” He shook his head in amusement. “I’ve been looking for you for ages. You’re a difficult man to find when you want to be.”
The sun shines mercilessly on the patio, but instead of warmth Castiel feels scolding, invisible flames. It’s too hot, too dry, and too bright.
Now, he needs to talk to James. The last message he was typing on the beach is still waiting to be delivered, and it makes him feel a little hollow. There’s no new messages, though.
“Alright. Well,” Castiel starts, and is really happy that Dean cuts him off, because he doesn’t know what he was about to say.
“Here you are. Look, we need to get… It’s getting closer to midnight. We should go get you changed.”
,” Eileen says, “they just need a performer, you know, a casual club thing. We thought to do it ourselves. Then there are graduations coming soon after.”
His wings, hung from somewhere up above — quite likely the ceiling just few feet up — are completely, utterly mutilated. Torn feathers flap in the wind, and the next gust delivers a foul smell; something rotten. A twig snaps behind the trees across the road, and Castiel spins around, but sees nobody. He lets out a shaky exhale, and circles around the wings. The smell comes from something they’re covered in — it looks sticky and he really doesn’t want to touch it to find out more. Many of the supporting wires have been cut. They look like they belong to a… a lame duck.
“Also, Balthazar’s French and doesn’t feel the need to reminisce about American history that much. Then we thought about how that could be easily get messed up with the modern Tea Party Movement, and we definitely don’t want that.”
Two years, three months, and seventeen days after Dean’s funeral, it’s an early autumn afternoon and Cas is sitting at a picnic table outside of a roadside burger joint outside of Norfolk, Nebraska along Route 88.  Miracle is laying in the grass at his feet, enjoying the extra burger patty that Cas bought him.  Jody sits across from him, having come by to see him without all the girls in tow.  She’s beaming with pride as she gushes about them – about Alex finishing nursing school, Patience getting her master's degree, and Claire moving to Omaha with Kaia.
The woman is still crying, sagging against the wall like the very air’s gone out of her.  Missouri gestures for her to wait a moment.
Sam lets out a long sigh, then scratches the back of his head and stands up.  “Well, g’night, Cas,” he says, already making for the door.  He’s intruded on them enough.
Cas is touched by her concern, but vampires are not what worries him.  “I’ll be fine,” he insists.  “I say we get some sleep, and then we can head to Denver first thing.”
“So who’s this friend we’re going to see?” Castiel asks, wiping the crumbs from his hands onto his breeches.
Frank is their saving grace, acting as both map and compass.  Like some kind of bloodhound, he picks up the rotten-chicken smell of the douen lingering on half-eaten fruit in an orchard close to Marie Helene’s home, and they follow him into the trees.
In the weeks following Chuck’s defeat, people visit the bunker one by one.  Bobby and Charlie swing by for some poker and beer, and Donna shows up with doughnuts and a
Cornfields whip past, stalks bending and bowing in the Impala’s wake.  A flash of a small pair of eyes in the headlights, and an animal crossing the road darts out of the way before the Impala can crush it under the wheel.
hits him with a force like a tidal wave, and he goes weak at the knees.  He grabs the railing of the steps up to the foredeck and braces himself against the sudden urge to vomit.
The kiss is deep, like Cas has been wanting to do this all fucking day, and Dean can relate.  He lets his grip migrate down, tugging Cas closer by his hips.
helping.  “You’re my best friend,” he says, although at this point the term doesn’t even come close to describing them.  “And we owe it to each other to be honest.  Me especially, after everything you’ve done.”
Dean doesn’t argue, though Castiel gets the distinct feeling that he’s simply too tired to protest.  But he angles his head down to expose his neck in the lamplight, allowing Castiel to wipe away the dried blood from the wound.
The fourteen-hour drive home to Lebanon is quiet, this time uncomfortably so.  Dean doesn’t turn on his music and Cas sulks, knowing his bad attitude is poisoning the air, infecting Dean, and decides he’ll probably sleep in his own room when they get home.  It’ll be a good idea to sequester himself away where he can’t snap at anybody for a little while.
eager to do that again,” Frank says, spitting twice onto the ground like he’s warding off a curse.  He’s bleeding from several cuts scattered over his face, neck, arms, and chest.
Sam leans over and kisses her forehead, then gently lifts the bundle from her arms.  “Cas,” he says, his chest swelling with pride.  “Meet your godson.”
Claire rushes to Sam and throws her arms around his torso, crying into his shirt.  “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, it was all my fault—”  She’s babbling and shows no signs of stopping, so Sam grips her shoulders and pushes her back to look her in the eyes.
Inias kneels by the base of a sagging palm, hand splayed on the trunk.  Where the palm sinks into the earth, it still looks like solid rock, which is strange on its own — Castiel has never seen a palm tree growing from rock, volcanic or otherwise.  A glance up and down the edge of the woods shows all the plants similarly taking root, sprouting up through the ancient lava flow itself.  But that’s not what Inias is pointing to.
The frown line between Cas’s brows only deepens.  “...Yes?” he says carefully, perplexed more than anything else.  “He’s known for a while, Dean.”
Pressing a kiss to Dean’s shoulder blade, Cas sinks a slick finger into him, knuckle-deep, and Dean cries out and grips the headboard.
, and yet it’s obscenely loud in the silence of the garage.  Cas sits still with his heart thudding away in his chest and his ears ringing.
“Keep your wits about you,” Dean says over his shoulder as the terrain steepens.  “These things are fast.”
There's only a moment of stillness before he swipes up at Sam with large claws, and with superhuman strength throws Sam off.  Sam hits the ground bodily and scrambles to right himself, while Dean reaches to retrieve his machete.  The stranger is back on his feet before either of them can do anything about it, and Cas and Eileen chase after him at full speed.
The water heaves, and the dinghy spins like a leaf in a river, its occupants hanging on for dear life.  They're no longer rowing — they can’t, there’s no point.
Dean presses a paper towel to the cut on his thumb.  “It’s not that bad, Cas.  You don’t have to heal me.”  He’s watching Cas with worry knotting his brow.
Dean laughs lightly, almost exasperatedly, rubbing at the back of his neck where the douen bit him.  “You could have just said ‘you’re welcome’, you know.”
”  Not understanding, it’s all Castiel can do to hold her and hope he can keep her safe for the rest of the journey back to town.
Donna and Claire say goodbye with fierce hugs and more than a few tears.  The taillights of their vehicles bounce along the dirt road out of the field and are swallowed by the dark.
Sam and Eileen keep Miracle, at Cas’s insistence.  Sam protests, shaking his head vigorously.  “No, Cas, you need to keep him,” he argues.
The words echo in his head, over and over, louder and louder, until it’s all Dean can hear.  It’s not the first time Cas has said it, but this was so different from before.
Dean doesn’t stop to think and pushes straight past Sam, dropping to his knees.  He’s got a hand on either side of Castiel’s head, cupping his face as Cas tries to catch his breath.  “Cas, you’re okay,” Dean says.  “You’re okay.  You’re home.”
And as for their time between cases, spent at home in the bunker, Dean seems to think Sam doesn’t notice the changes.
A chuckle bursts out of Cas’s chest and he shrugs in the most human gesture Dean’s ever seen him make.  “It’s a
“Maryann’s the supervisor today, but she’s out on lunch,” Robin replies.  “It’s just me here at the moment.”
“No, I didn’t,” Cas says, circling around the counter to stand beside Dean.  “But Sam’s not an idiot, and this is a small bunker.”  He pauses to set his mug down next to the plate of uncooked bacon, then takes Dean’s hand in his and brings it up to brush a kiss onto Dean’s knuckles.  “Does it really upset you that much?”
Dean pats his cutlass where it hangs from his belt.  “Copper blades,” he answers.  “The captain had them made special.”
“All right, thanks,” Sam says, tucking the mugshot back into the police file along with the Post-It.  He stands, hunched in order to avoid hitting his head on the rafters, and pulls a card from his coat pocket to give to Maryann.  “If you think of anything — anything at all — let us know.”
Cas desperately wanting to shout apologies until he’s blue in the face.  “I want to be here.  Okay?”
“That’s a chilling thought,” Cas says.  Eileen can’t tell if he shudders out of disgust or just from the cold.
“This is my partner, Agent Byrne,” Sam introduces Dean, then gestures to Cas and Eileen.  “And this is Tina Weymouth and Jerry Harrison.  They’re civilian consultants with our branch.”
“And we’re thinking about retiring.”  He shifts uncomfortably, cracking his knuckles.  “You know, living like normal people.”
A brief shadow of surprise flits over Cas’s face, but it’s gone as quickly as it appeared.  He does as he’s asked, and stands back up from the table.
Castiel is quiet for a while as he considers this, and he comes to the conclusion that Garth is probably right.  Making sure a person doesn’t turn into a vengeful spirit is likely to be equal parts strategy and kindness
“Are you sure you want this?” Cas presses, voice probably much calmer than he’s feeling, if his expression is anything to go by.
He can’t answer it.  If he answers, he’ll have to tell Sam what just happened and that will make it all real.  And it’s not real – it can’t be.  Nothing is real right now, not even the concrete underneath him.  Dean lets the phone clatter to the floor and cradles his head in his hands and he
Castiel opens his mouth to insist on being dropped in Havana, and then swiftly closes it again as the captain’s words fully register.  Tortuga.
Cas forces himself to give a smile, though he knows it’s a weak one.  “It’s alright.  As you said.  Statistically.”
They stand like that for a while, Cas folded against Dean’s chest and Dean’s hand on the back of his head.  They stand like that until Cas has stopped shaking.  Dean’s palm rubs his shoulder blade for a second.  “You’re exhausted,” he says into Cas’s ear, and he’s not wrong.  “Come to bed.”
” Feliciana repeats tearfully, tugging on Castiel’s fingers.  He’s far from experienced with children; her hands are tiny and she seems completely breakable, like one wrong move and he could snap her in half.
The bag is ripped, no doubt torn open by hungry gulls or curious seals, or perhaps a boat propeller.  Water pours out of the hole in the bag, and Tallie’s arm strains to hold it while it drains.  A foul odor hits her nostrils, pungent even in the wind.
Cas blinks, looking up.  Sam and Dean are both staring at him.  Sam’s eyebrows are raised in a silent
Cas smiles, and kisses him again, and hauls Dean away from the counter and out of the kitchen and, stumbling, down the corridor.
Cas seizes this opportunity to push Dean’s shirt from his shoulders, prying it from Dean’s torso like he’s cracking open a geode.  Flannel hits the floor at their feet.  Cas peels the remaining t-shirt up and over Dean’s head and tosses it.  The air hits Dean’s bare skin simultaneously too hot and too cold, making a shudder ripple through him as Cas’s lips brush his jaw.
Sam shakes his head, picking up Eileen’s car keys from the dresser.  “Nah, I’m not really feeling it.  I’ll get the car warmed up.”
and he guides her out of the garage, speeding up as they drive up the ramp through the tunnel.  They hit the road outside faster than is really safe
Cas blinks back tears.  He’s not sad, not at all.  He’s blissfully overwhelmed.  And he’s missed Jack so, so much.
Cas and Sam look at each other again, this time in shock.  Eileen is the only one who isn’t surprised at the sudden arrival, and Cas realizes that Eileen must have been the one to call them.
”  Dean shoves Jean-Luc across the floor and turns to saw away at the vines keeping the little girl prisoner.
Castiel turns just in time to see Jean-Luc dive forward and throw his arms around Dean’s neck.  Dean holds him for a moment, but when Jean-Luc doesn’t seem to want to let go, he stands back up with the boy still clinging to him.  He hefts the boy’s weight to one arm and takes the little girl’s hand with the other.
He reaches out for the work phone that’s neatly placed a bit further from him. There are texts from Sam.
Suddenly, he opens his eyes and frowns at the open sky. When he’d looked around a minute ago, he’d seen nothing out of the ordinary – but since when has he had
“Since we only have a couple of free days left, I’d like to take this opportunity to snatch Castiel out for a class in performing arts,” Balthazar says, “actually, it’s a tour. We’re gonna go to a strip club, a burlesque show, and a circus, and you’re going to get whatever you can out of what you see today and utilize it.”
Friday starts off like shit. During coffee break, some of Castiel’s colleagues are talking about the upcoming fair and how excited they are to go. They’re putting up a display of the company with some simple programming shows for people to come look at and try out for themselves, and it’s right up Castiel’s alley. He knows this stuff, he’s aching to be included, but instead he keeps his silence and drinks his coffee by his table. He needs to plan for Monday, after all.
Castiel doesn’t see Dean around, which is both a good and a bad thing. On one hand, he needs all his focus on Rowena, who insists they all forget that they have any life besides that of Giselle’s, but on the other hand he starts to get worried. He plans to spend evenings at the theater alone just in case Dean shows up, but more often than not, he’s stuck doing Gabriel’s work for him.
Dean frowns, looking at Castiel. He’s currently hunched down, tracing over the lower edges of the portal with his fingertips. Working portals requires attention to detail, but because it’s routine by now, Castiel usually is talkative during these moments. Now, he’s shut off. This must either be an important portal – or there’s something else in his mind.
Castiel hums and takes a sip from his drink before continuing. “How did you manage it? Pretending you felt something you didn’t?”
”You don’t need to defend me. You’re tired, you come to me for help, it’s not my place to yell at you.”
The next time Dean thought of Castiel was when he returned home from the Winchesters' place on Boxing Day. He'd spent two food and chatter filled days with his parents and his brother, and although he was looking forward to returning to his house with a small Christmas tree and silence, it felt suffocating. It was only a quarter to four, and all of his friends were with their families.
Castiel places both of his palms on Dean’s cheeks and gives him a kiss on his nose, and his forehead, and then he feels Dean’s hand on his waist, pulling him closer.
“What?” Castiel asks. He shakes his head, squints, really tries to concentrate on what’s at stake here.
“Well, not love, not yet. Infatuation. I’ve found myself in a situation where my past holds me back from doing what I think I want to do. It’s actually even more complicated — I’m not sure I know what I want to do.”
“I just returned from my parents' place and now it's weird and empty... And all my friends are somewhere and I thought of you.”
“What kind of plants did you like to collect?” Dean asks. Castiel finally pulls himself back in and rolls the window back up. He can still feel the breeze in his nose and lungs, and he knows he’s going to be alright tonight. No pre-waves of an upcoming panic attack.
”And he's been disinterested ever since. He's been reluctant to visit. He's been reluctant to meet us, me and Charlie.”
Some part of Dean was, of course, angry. His knuckles were prominent and pale against the wheel, his jaw clenched every so often, his eyes were flicking a bit; these were the sort of giveaways Castiel had learned to recognize in his friend long ago. Best he could do, now, was to lay low and let Dean pull through and come around. After all, that was why he was here in the first place.
His eyes are on fire. If it were possible to pin someone against the wall with a single gaze, that would be it. As confident as Castiel feels right now, the flush of what feels like scalding tea — or lava — in his veins makes him waver for a second, two, three seconds... and he almost forgets his cue to pull the chain.
And he didn't even know what he was missing out on. What would have happened, had he gone off with Castiel? Would it have become a long therapy session or a messy one night stand or, gods forbid, a relationship? To be honest, he'd have been cool with any of those. It was the anticipation combined with cowardliness that made him angry over and over again.
Castiel is interrupted by the feeling of Dean’s hands under his bathrobe. The poor excuse of a belt is already open, somehow, and he’s trying to remember the rest of the sentence, but Dean places his free hand under Castiel’s knee and kisses his inner thigh tentatively.
“Whoa, that sounds dangerous. Okay, well, although I want to go with the cleaned up version, I need to know the truth.”
Castiel lets the phone fall onto the floor of the balcony and focuses on some birds flying by. His thoughts are on rapid movement, and he tries to stay loyal to the thought of Bartholomew as a perfect man; but for the first time ever, someone else is judging him. If he had been as committed to Castiel as Castiel was to him, he would’ve shown interest in things Castiel liked and joined him on his hobbies, right? Castiel himself couldn’t even think about not supporting Bart and letting him know he was loved and his own things were important.
”I understand how mean this looks to you right now. I kind of hoped you'd at least talk to me before making up your mind. Haven't we known each other long enough for you to owe me that?”
“I didn’t feel like I could portray all the emotions necessary since I felt nothing. I tried to fake it for a couple of weeks, but honestly? Soon enough, it became too much for me.”
But they’d graduated, neither of them ever made a move, and finally Dean had called Castiel his best friend. Castiel didn’t want to ruin that; hell, Dean had been through a lot in his life and didn’t need to lose a friend over a crush. Eventually, Castiel had figured out Dean was a flirtatious person – and even though his attention made Castiel swoon, it didn’t mean anything. Dean acted the same with everyone, and soon, Castiel thought it better to not pay attention to Dean’s actions too much because the last thing he wanted to be was irrationally jealous.
No matter how much Castiel sulks during their walk to the Winchester headquarters, nobody’s going to tell him to back off. Kevin, Balthazar, Meg, Eileen, and Charlie are all chattering enthusiastically, and none of them understands how little he wants to be here. He doesn’t want a party, he doesn’t want to see Dean, and the least of all he wants is to be at a party with Dean.
“Sure,” Castiel says nonchalantly, although his mind instantly kicks up a gear on anxiety, “I think I just need to get back to it.”
Dean leans against the couch and gives Castiel a small smile. “Did you feel there’s something wrong with you?”
Cas is lying in bed nearly a month and a half after Dean’s funeral, tossing and turning and unable to sleep, when it finally occurs to him.  He sits bolt upright with a gasp.  “I’m an idiot,” he announces to the empty room.
The second vetala is an older woman – a professor at the University and a former Kappa-Delta-Psi.  She whirls on Dean when Cas hits the ground, eyes flashing blue and fangs glistening in the light of the blinking bar sign.
“The tattoo plus the track marks made it pretty easy for the police to ID him.  His name is Fred Sargent.  Local drifter, got a rap sheet of drug offenses as long as my leg.  Mostly slept on bus stop benches, y’know?”
, right,” Dean nods, drumming a thumb on the steering wheel.  “I don’t know, it might be.  We tried to follow it all the way to the end once.  Took us to a beach in Maui.”  He laughs, the sound heavy with joy.  “That was a good day.”
After another few seconds of silence, with no sign they’re about to become prey to any kind of vicious monster, Castiel begins to wonder if they’d hallucinated the creature in the water.  “Do you think it was just the one?” he asks.
Somehow, the answer is more startling than anything else Castiel was expecting Dean to say, and he wants to press for more information.  But the way Dean has stiffened, the square set of his shoulders and sharp corner of his jaw, stops Castiel’s questions in his throat.  He leaves the conversation to dangle in the air.
The ocean surges over the land on the western side of the isle, climbing rapidly up to the peak of the rocky ridge.  The forest vanishes into the waves.
’s speed picks up again.  Castiel is grateful for the daylight, having spent the remainder of the night after the attack tossing and turning in his hammock, unable to sleep without nightmares of black eyes and huge fangs.
“Because aspidochelones are old creatures, older than magic, as old as time itself.  They date to the age of the Titans, before Man ever took his first steps on this earth.  They’re practically gods.”  Frank munches on a carrot peeling, looking a bit like a lizard with its tongue out as the carrot skin dangles from his mouth.
They crash at a motel for the night and get started asking questions around town first thing the following morning.  Eileen has an impressive array of disguises on hand, even more so than Sam and Dean, and Cas is stunned when she steps out of the motel bathroom in a full police officer’s uniform.
Dean is standing by the window, plastic tumbler of scotch in hand, peering through the curtain and across the parking lot.
Dean lurches forward, sidestepping as one of the douen’s arms swings perilously close to his neck, and shouts “Grab him!” to Castiel.
The girl stares at him like he’s got three heads, and Cas looks up, alarm tugging at the pit of his stomach.  “Are you joking?” asks the waitress.
So they leave Dean with a sweet elderly woman who lives across the street and has babysat for Dean before, and they make up an excuse, and they drive to Lebanon.
Cas recalls a case that Sam and Dean worked in Oregon ages ago.  By now it’s been at least ten years, but Cas remembers the details.  Creatures that eat hearts
Cas and Eileen stand at the fence, staring after the stranger as they catch their breath, until a few seconds later when Sam and Dean reach them.
He hurtles through Lebanon with no regard for the speed limit.  It’s already past two o’clock, and Lebanon is a laughably small town; there’s nobody on the roads besides Cas.  The rumble of the Impala’s engine echoes off the buildings lining the main street, rattling the dark windows of storefronts as she passes.
Despite the early hour, it’s already a beautiful day, and the world is bursting – a riot of every color in Creation.  Cas almost misses his grace, only because as an angel he could see the vibrations of every atom in every tree, every bird and insect, every stone, and he was constantly witness to the divine energy that held this world together.  Now, though, he’s able to see the colors as a whole, the sweeping sum of every building block put together without the complex burden of seeing exactly how they fit.  It’s the way a human sees the world.  The way Dean sees it.
Cas ends up being the one to make the coffee instead while Sam sits at the kitchen table and begins to painstakingly untangle the tape bit by bit.  He’s retrieved a desk lamp from his office and angled it over the tape so that he can see better, peering at the jumble so closely that the backs of his eyes ache.
Dean laughs, a sound that could only be charitably described as authentic.  “Freaky little thing, ain’t it?” he says, and follows Frank.
Marie Helene’s home squats where they left it, firelight from inside glowing through the windows and the holes in the roof.  From a distance Castiel can see the shadow of a woman pacing.
Dean is up to his waist in viscera.  Blood hot and sticky under his fingernails.  In his hair.  Iron on his tongue.  A red hot butcher's hook squelches in his back, grilling the meat between his shoulder blades.  He’s being skinned, flayed alive by claws unseen.  All he can hear is screaming.  Dozens — hundreds —
He’s telling the truth.  He’s always been one to leap into quick flings and one-night stands without a second thought, finding a temporary nest in every roadside tavern.  Wherever would keep him warm for a night, or even an hour or two.  Wherever he could get a moment’s touch without violence.  But the only period in his life when he found something more, something he wanted to
There’s five more werewolves, and they live up to their pack hunter nature, coming at Cas and Eileen from all sides.  Cas manages to shoot a female through the stomach just before she can sink her teeth into his neck.  Eileen swings her bowie knife into the chest of a hulking male, and suddenly the pack has gone from six to three.
Instantly, their entire party stops.  Dean’s arms tighten protectively around Jean-Luc, and Frank twists on his heel, holding the torch aloft.  At his back, Castiel feels Feliciana go absolutely still, her grip rigid.
, from his skin down to the very atoms that make him.  He suddenly realizes that he’s dying – really, truly
When she enters, she greets Castiel with only a “Hello” and heaves the basket onto the end of the table.  She doesn’t look surprised in the slightest to find a stranger sitting at the table, and instead drops a bunch of carrots in front of Frank.  “Go on, peel those, make yourself useful,” she tells him.
Sam sets his fork down on the little paper plate, scratching at the back of his head.  “Nothing, I… I just miss Jack.”
“Son, you’re in the home of psychics,” Frank says, like it’s something Castiel should already know.  “Our sanctum sanctorum.”
leaving the hunter’s life, let alone dive headfirst into normalcy.  Except for… Sam suddenly recalls Lisa, and how Dean gave everything up for her – the weapons, the thrill of the hunt, even the
Finally, Cas’s hips stutter and lock.  He comes undone with a groan and collapses, trembling and still pressed deep inside, onto Dean’s chest.
“I think so,” says Sam, peering over the edge of the desk at the secretary’s nametag, “Robin.  Agents Frantz and Byrne.  We’re hoping to speak to whoever’s in charge.”
Almost immediately, the anger falls away from Dean’s shoulders.  He knows Sam is trying to find a solution, which is a lot more helpful than what Dean’s doing.  There’s no reason to be angry, except at Cas for dying and at himself for letting it happen.
Castiel is coughing, eyes searing with salt, gulping in desperate bursts of air.  He can feel solid wood underneath him.  He spits up another mouthful of seawater and sits back, unable to think of anything other than drawing breath.
Once the Empty spat him back out like an offending watermelon seed, Cas got one or two clothing items from Dean, but he mostly wears castoffs from Sam.  Wearing Dean’s clothes feels too quick, too intimate for where they are right now, whatever label-less thing they have.
known this was happening, I wouldn’t have bothered with dinner,” Dean retorts with a grin that fades only a moment later.  “
,” Gagnon says as he drags open a cadaver drawer, “that this is all we got.”  He yanks back the sheet, and Dean winces.
Castiel chews thoughtfully on an orange wedge.  He doesn’t actually know where he’ll go.  He has no home in the Caribbean, and no home in England.  The only home he’s known since childhood is in pieces at the bottom of the sea, along with the only people he might have described as family.
Her face is blotchy and she looks more like a child than she has in years, chin trembling, but she nods and swallows and doesn’t argue with him.
“You are an excellent father,” Cas says.  “I can’t say that I won’t miss hunting with you, and with Eileen.  But you’re doing the right thing for your family.  And I am proud of you.”
“Even if you go to Hell, you’ll still come back.”  Dean’s voice oozes out of the Empty, a rumbling, starving snarl, and it’s the worst thing Cas has ever heard.  “You are a cockroach.  I need to cut off your head.”
Dean nods.  “Yeah, classic bite mark on the guy’s neck,” he reports.  “Or what was left of his neck, anyways.”
Dean meanders through the Home department and picks up a few things he thinks they might need at the bunker — extra bedsheets, since he has a feeling Jody and the girls will start visiting more frequently, and a
It’s halfway filled out already, with Dean’s information.  Some of it is in Dean’s handwriting, other parts are in Cas’s.  Dean’s even used his real name and his real social security number.  It’s for a construction company, some small operation out of Beloit.  On the desktop is a second application for a mechanic shop in Cawker City.
Once Chuck is gone, the world is brighter and bigger around them.  The bunker is full of life – movie nights and loud dinners and card games.  Eileen is around almost constantly, practically living at the bunker most days.  While she’s spending her time with Sam, it gives Dean and Cas plenty of room to be on their own.  The four of them go on a few hunts here and there, but for the most part they sit and enjoy their freedom.
“Well, the coroner was right about him being in multiple bags,” Dean says.  "Do you have any idea who the guy is?"
a larger picture, even if you can’t see it, even if it’s not planned out by me or Chuck or anything else.  You have lived for millions of years, and now you’re human.  In the grand scope of things, do you really think a human life is such a long time to wait?”
Practically leaping into the fight, Dean slaughters a mermaid just before it can rip Garth’s throat out.  Castiel manages to stab another through the neck as it looks up from eating one of the crewmembers, little tendrils of meat still hanging from its fangs as it dies with an alien shriek.
“Whoa, whoa, hey,” Sam quickly stops him, stepping out onto the deck.  He reaches for Cas’s shoulder.  “What’s going on?  Are you okay?”
“What?” Dean speaks over his shoulder as he reaches for Jean-Luc’s hand, coaxing him out of the corner.  “Come on, kid, it’s okay.”
Dean quirks an eyebrow at him, green eyes flashing in the sun.  “Beggars can’t be choosers.  At the very least, you’ll find something to get you to Havana.  Or wherever you want to go.”
Frank approaches the garden cautiously, crouching to take a fistful of dirt.  He sifts it through his fingers, rubs a bit between his forefinger and thumb and sniffs it.  Instantly, he makes a disgusted noise in his throat and jerks to his feet, spitting on the ground.
Dean swallows, shifting Jean-Luc onto his hip, his mouth in a firm line.  “There wasn’t time to get help.  And it wasn’t just me.”  He glances pointedly at Frank and Castiel.
sits proudly in the water, a square-rigged, fat-bottomed vessel that Castiel has loved as much as any home he’s ever had.  Even from this distance, he can see Akobel’s silhouette behind the helm, hunched over his charts with the first mate at his side.  A dozen men have climbed the masts and are busy stowing away the canvases, looking from far away like a troop of monkeys in the branches of a tree.  The
“There’s no good seafood in Kansas,” retorts Eileen.  “I’m enjoying it while I can.”  She leans forward and props her elbows on the table.  “So it’s vampires?”
The sun is just beginning to sink into late afternoon, spilling golden down the mountains and turning the lake rosy.  The sailboat is heading for shore.
If someone asked Castiel what happens between that sentence and the moment Dean wraps his arms around him, he couldn’t say; everything that matters is that someone is there for him now. The ambulance took his mother to the hospital immediately – Castiel vaguely remembers a cervical collar and lots of hushed voices.
“Okay. Alright. Listen, I’m sorry that you don’t know where you are, or how you got here. More than that, I’m sorry that you bumped into me. I’ve been traveling alone for months now, and I’m not used to talking to people anymore. Sometimes I buy items and chat about the weather, but it’s over in a second. I’m not… Socially adept, as it is.”
Castiel just about makes it to the bathroom before his tears flow over. He sits on the toilet seat, brings up both of his legs, curls himself into a ball and sways his whole body back and forth.
“There’s a lot about you guys I don’t get, gotta admit. You don’t owe me answers, though. What’s this secondary location you’re trying to lure me into?”
Castiel is in love with both of them. Of course, the physical aspects he shared with Dean make it easier to be more occupied by him, but it doesn’t mean he didn’t feel it when James confessed his feelings, too.
Someone’s standing in the gazebo. Oh, god, this will be embarrassing. Did the clients want the Tea Party people to be invisible? Well, that isn’t going to happen now. Why didn’t he ask Balthazar where the phone is? Now he’d have to go through all the surfaces while avoiding direct eye contact with the man standing in there.
Castiel nods and steps back to the main room of the upper floor. “I'm sorry, it's really cold in there.”
“Nothing else. Every now and then, I hear of a new portal in the bar you found me in. It’s a nightclub angels who just fell usually go to for that first taste of humanity. I do have a couple of other locations too, but –”
He can’t bring himself to actually count how long he’s been snowed in by the debris of his dismay, but deep down he knows it has been too long.
“Shh! Yes, I know. I know that’s just echoes playing in my head. I know you love me. My god, you brought me kittens. I adore you. I adore us. And I’m in love with us, I’m in love with our love. And I’m so in love with you, Dean.”
“I want to tell you so much, Cas,” Dean says, “but first, I think we should tell your friends not to wait in the van for longer.”
The warmth that can be only caused by Dean-nonsense-Winchester is back in his chest and he feels a smile tucking the corner of his mouth.
“We do have those ayurvedic ready-made blends again, Castiel,” Meg says while she’s walking towards the register with her customer. “Took them back in after New Year.”
The next day is relapse day, which Castiel uses to groan alone around the apartment, push some sunflower seeds into the already full flower pots on his balcony, and watch Jane’s second  season all the way to the mid-season finale. He eats absolutely no orange fruits. Eileen is still bringing him a bag of food each week, sometimes leaving it at the Tea Party as well. She knows how overwhelming grocery stores can get, and while he secretly wants to make another shopping trip with James for support, it’s still just a thought. They also hold their first phone meeting with a board member from Winchester, Inc.; a man called Zachariah Lashley. He gives the cruise idea a hesitant thumbs-up, promising to ask the Winchesters for final approval. Dean sends a message to their work cell later, stating that he’s sorry he couldn’t attend and that they’d get to the cruise option later.
Bart gave him a look he had never seen before — it was lacking all empathy and consisted fully of ice. “No, Castiel. We can’t.”
Dean is a distraction he wasn’t expecting to encounter. He’s not the type of person who gets interested in others beyond professional levels, but even though Dean dances like he’s flying, Castiel’s infatuation with him is purely on a personal level. Dean feels like a breath of fresh air after years of kiss-asses and jealous people — it’s like it’s completely irrelevant to him who Castiel is.
Castiel sighed and watched them pass a lone biker. This was one of the rare situations where he felt no obligation to keep his attention on the driver. He trusted Dean, that much hadn’t changed, even though time had stretched between them leaving both scars and space for growth.
The door he got out of wasn't the front one and he ended up in the backyard next to some carved pumpkins. Lanterns were hanging from trees and tables were brought out for people to enjoy themselves. Castiel continued pacing forward until he was on the edge of a football field that the college apparently used but it wasn't technically on their turf – the last lanterns were placed here on the branches of a silver willow tree. He crouched down, wrapped his arms around his legs and, as a little ball, tried to stop existing. The feeling deep inside him was like his soul had exploded into a million sharp pieces that were puncturing his vital organs and his bloodstream was filled with glass wool that burned so bad he wanted to -
It's no use to dwell on these thoughts. Unless the world suddenly decides to end or otherwise force him out, he won’t budge. He has made this space for himself, and he isn’t planning to leave it. There are episodes unwatched -- he isn't at all content with Jane The Virgin choosing Michael over Rafael, but as long as they aren't married, there's still something to be done about the matter. Unlike Castiel's own life, in the family of Villanueva everything is in constant motion.
“And, hmm. I want you to know that I’m here. I’m right here. I can go live with Sam, it’s no problem, but since you were afraid you wouldn’t find a place in my life… Hell, maybe you’re right. But I don’t have a place in that life either. Instead, if you want to make space for me in this wonderful, overwhelming life of yours where you can pick flowers in summer, and blend teas, and use a freaking diffuser, I mean what stores even use a diffuser?”
“I refused to serve a jerk, he got pissed. That’s pretty much all that’s going on,” she says with a lopsided shrug, and sets off to bring Castiel their blend.
Castiel opens his mouth to protest, but Dean catches up and distracts him by biting his neck. Castiel’s breath hitches in his throat, and shivers run all the way down to his toes, curling them on their way out. Dean hums against his skin, and kisses the slightly sore point before straightening up to look him in the eyes.
”Sorry,” he breathes. ”I’m… I am constantly struggling between thinking that people are too harsh, and that I can’t expect the whole world to accommodate itself around me. Nobody owes me clarifications or explanations. I need to try harder. Then, I get angry and stressed out and frustrated, and I am angry at all of those people who just manage easy talking and easy reading.”
Dean takes the other glass and turns to Castiel. A smile crosses his lips briefly, as if he’s enjoying a private joke.
Castiel came to lie down next to Dean, gently trying to straighten a wild hair behind his ear. They looked at each other in silence, until Dean smiled.
But ballet is a ruthless field, and soon enough Castiel was no longer needed in shows or competitions; when he was twenty he was kindly told to make way for new faces. It didn’t bother him too much — it was the name of the game.
She nodded and turned to look at the next people stepping into the tent. Dean was still laughing, and Castiel jabbed his side.
“You’ve gained some extra here,” Bartholomew said lazily, squeezing both his hands on Castiel’s waist. “So I’d watch that meringue intake.”
It took Dean a while to paint together the shattered image of The Unsaid that was now placed right down on the dashboard. They were lucky – the road was empty as Dean jumped on the brake.
Next, it’s time for the pansies. There are some leftover petunias from the boxes, so he puts them next to a set of red and black pansies in a tall ceramic pot that he then lifts to the long white wooden table. He fills the leftover pots with more pansies, and finally decides there’s indeed a hanging pot somewhere in storage, and that fuchsia pair would go well in that. He rummages through the closets before he finds another basket — not the one he was looking for — and returns to the balcony, reading through James’ replies before getting back to work.
Would Dean want to sit on his balcony? Would he let Castiel have parts of himself in a relationship?
It’s not empty. There’s a man dancing to the music and from the first sight of him, Castiel is captivated. The man is young, probably around his age, wearing street clothes like he just popped into the theater --  and the way he moves is something rare, almost foreign to Castiel. It’s like he doesn’t completely touch the ground as he leaps and twirls and bounces, perfectly in time with the notes. There’s some roughness to the edges of his moves, but it’s well balanced with finesse elsewhere, and the raw emotion present even without lyrics in the song has Castiel on the verge of tears — and he’s not even fully done crying about Giselle.
There was the type of urgency in the child's voice that made Dean obey without a second thought. Before he could take a single step, though, he bumped softly into something he could only describe as
“Same goes for the company. Sam and I are  planning for the future, and the future for us is outside that firm. He’s really enthusiastic about being  a full time yoga instructor, and I… Well, all I know is that I want to cut that tie to my dad. So after our names are cleared, we’re selling. I don’t have to work for that shithole anymore.”
The Impala sits on the bridge behind Dean, gleaming in the sun like she just rolled off the assembly line.  Sam doesn’t know why he’s surprised to see her.
Dean swears loudly and abruptly, dread clouding his face.  “I think I know what we’re dealing with here.”
Cas only rolls over and drapes an arm over his eyes, clearly much more interested in going back to sleep.  Dean grabs Cas’s robe from the floor, where it had been kicked off the bed at some point during the night, and slips out into the hallway to head for the bathroom.
Castiel returns to consciousness on the flat of his back, and immediately vomits up salt water.  Someone seizes his shoulders and roughly turns him onto his side, brine streaming from his mouth and nose, burning the insides of his sinuses, his throat, his lungs.  A hand thumps him between the shoulder blades.
“I think…” Cas speaks slowly, reaching over to grasp the front of Dean’s shirt.  He tugs Dean close again, his voice lowering in a way that makes Dean’s skin tingle.  “I think we should pick up where we left off.”
Tallie vomits onto the path and then fumbles her phone out of its armband, nearly dropping it into the ocean as she tries to call 9-1-1.
Paradis shakes his head.  "No, but given what he's wearing we think he works on the docks in some capacity.  We've got a couple officers asking questions in the area."
When a human forearm falls out of the bag and lands on the rocks at her feet, Tallie does not immediately react.  She stares at it.  The thing is pale grey and mottled and looks rubbery, like a stage prop.  But the bits of exposed muscle, torn tendons and a sawed-through bone poking out of what used to be someone’s elbow are a little too realistic to have been manufactured.
Dean makes a face like Sam just asked him to climb into a vat of worms. “Dude, can’t the rehab wait ‘til tomorrow?  I’m exhausted.”
Sam clears his throat, wiping condensation from his beer bottle with the pad of his thumb.  “I just wish Eileen were here,” he says, and almost feels guilty for saying it.
Sam’s phone rings in his back pocket just as he’s sliding the van door shut.  He fishes the phone from his pocket, tosses the house keys to Eileen and follows behind as Dean dashes back up to the door.  Sam waits to answer the call until he’s dropped his bag inside the entryway.
Sam sits, only because his head is practically brushing the ceiling, and leaves Dean on his feet.  “We understand that Fred Sargent was a frequent patient here,” Sam begins, taking Fred’s mugshot out of the police file under his arm and handing it across the desk to Maryann.  “Do you recognize him?”
“Hi there,” he sighs, his voice gravelly from sleep, “it's been a while since I've felt you around. What's the occasion?”
“No, nothing’s more important than you. So, how’d the night go? Did we talk yesterday? I can’t believe we talked yesterday. Feels like it’s been years.”
They take a long shower, during which they explore each other’s bodies without much talk. The intimacy of the situation is new for Dean and something in him tries to tell him to run, but he knows there’s nothing that would make him obey it. He feels like he’s known Castiel longer than he actually has, and that is counting the time they spent together when he was a ghost — it makes him comfortable enough to let Castiel touch him, to look at him, to kiss him like he means the world.
Castiel stepped through a door and to a hallway that was filled with aquatic themed posters. A couple of doors headed out from here, and Dean figured this was not the main entrance; he was getting the VIP treatment. For some reason, that made his chest buzz. He shook his head. Way to go, Winchester. The shift in your mood proves exactly how desperate you are for attention and romance.
“But I would,” Castiel confirms before Dean can get into a whole spin of regret over an innocent question, “I would like that. I don’t have anywhere to go.”
A slightly dramatic single tear fell on his phone screen. He hadn't even realized he was crying. With no real effort he wiped the screen on the t-shirt – this was Gabriel's old extra large sleeping shirt, he thought vaguely.
He silently lifts himself on a rock, cursing the splatters of water that ripple off his skin and make sounds against the surface of the pond. Scooting closer, he takes in the body – it’s a man of his age, his eyes closed and his chest slowly rising and falling. He’s wearing way too many items of clothing for a summer morning in Etherfare, a leather jacket with a long-sleeved shirt underneath, with some worn jeans and combat boots that could be good for traveling but even more so for kicking someone in the jaw. He looks odd--from his dusty hair to his ankle where the fabric has ripped, revealing a scratch, and Castiel idly wonders whether he’s been in a battle recently. He certainly looks the part.
“Uh, I was just wondering. I seem to have lost my phone when I… fell, or whatever. Do you think I can make a call from the village?”
Charlie’s jaw drops for the slightest of moments — possibly too short for Dean to notice. She grabs the offered hand enthusiastically. “Hi! Oh my gosh. Hi, I’m Charlie Bradbury, Castiel’s friend. Nice to meet you, too.”
Castiel huffs out a laugh and finishes his tea. He feels restless and he knows what might help — yoga. Would Sam still be willing to take him in? Should he ask?
Dean shoots an apologetic look at him, but refuses to back down. ”I’m worried about you as a colleague, and a friend. I have no idea what’s going on, only that you’ve been getting in crosshairs for a while now, and it has something to do with the law changing, and it’s just a basic protocol law that should have nothing to do with your everyday life and-”
He opens his eyes, and the first thing he sees are green eyes. Then, there’s a soft paw on his nose. Castiel gives in to his impulse, and pushes his face closer until all he can see, smell, or feel is kitten floof. He sobs, and laughs as the squirmy animal in his hands instantly seizes the moment and tries to climb on top of his head.
He bats his lashes for emphasis. Meg hits him with her hand to make him concentrate on the road. Castiel laughs, but he already realizes how hollow it suddenly becomes. He could do with a little less romance — considering how he probably lost both of the men he has feelings for during one night, he’s maybe better out of the game altogether.
Castiel has just enough time to get up and turn around before everything he’s eaten all day comes up.
Dean gently placed his cup next to the gear stick and pulled out of the parking lot. Castiel wrapped his palms around his cup as if to seek warmth, which was now hardly necessary - during daytime, they could already get around 60 Fahrenheit. With a sigh and a squint, he finally started talking.
“You don’t pay attention to much but yourself, do you,” he huffs. “I was right here. You’ve gotten rusty.”
For a while, they just stand there, casually in each other’s arms as if their bodies had decided long ago this is the perfect location to be. Castiel feels Dean’s strong arms under his jacket, and lets his thoughts wander for a moment; how it would feel like to run his fingers over his skin again, to kiss him more thoroughly, to lie in the afterglow of early morning.
Dean can feel Castiel is close, and he can hear it, but he also feels him holding back. He takes him in deep, once, to feel the tip at the back of his throat, and keeps his tongue wide as he licks the downside all the way up. Then, he looks at Castiel, who’s squeezing his eyes shut, completely stiff all over.
Bart did a balancing gesture with both his hands. He didn’t need to say anything more to make Castiel realize just how bad he screwed up this time.
“That’s an unfortunate generalization. Don’t assume that all people are the same.” Castiel chuckles. “Besides, I’m an angel.”
There was concern in Castiel's eyes again and Dean realized he'd never want to be the cause for that.
Kevin and Eileen pick him up on Sunday morning, and there’s a take-away tea mug immediately placed on Castiel’s hand.
Sam would get off work in two hours. He only had one thing to do in town today, and that would take five minutes, tops. This meant there was plenty of time to have a cup of coffee with a slice of pie, and get bored. He could be smart enough to buy all his other friends presents as well, but since he didn't know how much he could fit into his brother's hybrid convertible, it would be safer to keep buying to a minimum. Besides, there was still time. The holidays were two weeks away.
Since it took Castiel a minute to get out, Gabriel was still nowhere to be seen. He let out a small steam cloud of breath and grabbed his phone. Six new messages…
”I know what this is,” Dean says, sighing heavily, ”you don’t want leftover pizza. Okay, you talked me over. I’m bringing new pizza and we’re gonna catch up with-”
Castiel nods again, and grabs the collar of Dean's jacket to pull him closer and plant a firm, reassuring kiss on Dean's lips. They stand still for a while, until Dean pulls Castiel closer by placing a hand on the small of his back. They work together effortlessly, learning and exploring each other's lips and mouths, and getting to know each other again on a level that was both so much more and exactly the same than before.
It didn't help to remember exactly how stunning Dean had looked – even though he had only partial knowledge of his face now. Like… Like an actual angel.
“Falling. Not done with falling, Charlie. It… God, it-” A sob escapes his throat and he’s not even crying, “God, it’s all so fucking scary.”
“Sex is something important for you, then? That you can’t just push the whole issue aside and consider focusing on things that bring you joy without the whole,” Castiel gestures vaguely towards Dean, “thinking about what you should be.”
Castiel nods, biting his lip. He wants to apologize, and it takes all of his strength to keep it in; he doesn’t want to venture there, not when he’s sure Dean wouldn’t see that as a good thing.
by Tor Miller on his headphones, and he’s sliding across the floor to familiarize his feet with the new material. On instinct, he lets his upper body reach up towards the spotlights and then swing down until his palms are on the floor. Gracefully, his feet rise up until he’s standing on his hands — first both, then just one — and that’s when he opens his eyes and realizes he’s being watched.
“There's still time until that needs to be decided,” Kevin says. “Although, we did a pretty solid set on Halloween.”
“Dean, please, be normal,” Sam pleads. “Castiel, we need something that’s not conservative, for once. We’re gonna get some nay-saying about this, but we really want to show what a new generation looks like. You’re a charismatic performer, unconventional, and exactly what we need.”
Castiel snaps out of his thoughts at Dean’s tone. He sounds like he’s been talking to him for a while now.
“I don’t know. I’d like to think the assholes are different when they ‘play for the team’, pardon the expression. They do need to have certain qualities for me to even look at them twice, that’s for sure,” Castiel says, immediately finding Dean across the room by instinct, “anyway. Who gossiped?”
Still, the longer he thinks about it… Just agreeing to Dean’s terms, like last time, could help him put off any decision for a while longer. He won’t have to tell Dean he wants more, because he doesn’t know if he does. He won’t have to tell James he doesn’t want a romance with him. It’s a safe state he’s in now, and he could let himself enjoy Dean’s attention. Dean wants to give it to him, and he’s right, too — Castiel should move past labels.
