"So you have never thought about me that way, then?" Sherlock was talking now in a very breathy voice, John was breathing really hard, his heart about to explode.
Sherlock got up from bed around two o'clock in the afternoon. After last night's... events, he fell deeply asleep. He never heard John taking off to his own room in the middle of the night, and he certainly didn't hear when John's phone rang, being summoned to the hospital early in the morning. So when he woke up, everything was so fuzzy inside his mind; he could barely remember what day it was, the only thing he knew for certain, was what happened... with John.
When the last click went off, there were only four minutes left on the screen.
"Now you are the one apparently aroused..."
“Rosie is asleep,” he said instead, turning the screen of his phone back on.
and Elsie’s
"Can you imagine that, John?" He said waving his hand to the screen. John pressed F5 and a somewhat sad smile crossed his face.
"It's not a band aid, it's a whole bandage, John." The detective spoke in an already-familiar sulking tone.
Snorting impatiently, he redialled the number of the hot line. He heard the recording again. This time, he pressed the keys pointing out that he was a male, who was looking for another male, between thirty and forty.
"Hm?" the detective didn't lift his sight but merely frowned.
Abby had keys to the house. John made an incredulous noise when the cameras in the kitchen showed Abby taking a glass from a cupboard. She poured something from a crystal bottle and waited patiently sitting on a chair at the dining room, one leg over the other and occasionally watching the way to the stairs as she sipped away. All this just a few rooms from where they were watching the whole scene.
to dedicate a couple of seconds to think about John, about the way his body felt pressed against him.
John nodded as Lestrade saved the picture in his pocket.
the mind reader."
John frowned at her. "I don't think about him all the time, you know, I have other business too."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I uh..." John let out a little embarrassed snort, "I was sleeping on my right side."
Sherlock's mind raced with all kind of wonders when he slept like this. Especially now, when his body was betraying him way too often if John was around. There was a phrase coming often to his mind, the one John had written on his blog, at The Hound of Baskerville case:
"I have no doubt…" John cleared his throat and questioned suddenly, "Was I right?" Sherlock smiled. There was the insecurity again. "You know… about what I said."
"Perhaps that's the way your little brain works." Sherlock turned to her and John couldn't help his lips twitching up a bit. "Since you can't even understand yours I can't ask you to understand mine, so please, save your useless inputs."
"You know how he is..."
But then, his first week in London he met the detective. The first time he described him as mad and charming. He knew from the beginning Sherlock wasn't safe. After a couple of days living with him, his mind was slowly replacing the lovely fantasy. He no longer wanted to snuggle next to a loving wife in lazy afternoons. Instead, he wanted to solve cases and be constantly fighting over eating habits with his friend. He no longer wanted to sleep spooning a soft body in his arms; now he wanted to sleep in the bedroom above Sherlock's, he wanted to wake up in the middle of the night with violin music –or anti-music, according to his moods. Or worse, being awaked to go into another
him badly.
“And I’m counting on you, Mr Holmes.” She turned and started to walk to the back entrance of the big house. “Shall we? I must warn you, the security cameras are triggered either by sound over 60 decibels or light, so please no torches and no talking.” She turned around and apologetically added, “I couldn't’ deactivate them because if I do, there’s also a notification to Elsie’s phone.”
"Great…" John muttered, eyes fixed on his phone.
John froze. His mind went blank for a while and then started again like an engine.
– even though John was not looking, all of the nervous energy Sherlock displayed earlier was now replaced with boredom. “The best part was Mrs Hudson listening to the commotion and coming up to offer tea and biscuits to celebrate. How
And as a reward, a world safe from the black king. And as his personal reward: John Watson's life.
Received at 5:19
"I can't see any concussion." John muttered, too conscious of Sherlock's state to listen to Lestrade, he examined the scalp under the curls carefully and noted that his forehead had a layer of sweat, but there was no injury.
“I see… And Abby Slaney, is she going to stay in prison?”
Sherlock supported his forehead on the doctor's shoulder and heard a soft mumble from the other's parted lips and a little sniffing sound. He sighed and his lips formed the word "John."
But Sherlock was already taking his phone, coat and scarf. “Mycroft is coming in an hour,” he said as he hurried for the stairs. John was still trying to make sense of it all when he heard Sherlock stopping for a moment in the foyer downstairs so he rushed before losing sight of him. Sherlock was rapidly throwing his dressing gown over Mrs Hudson’s chair and replacing it with his coat.
Silence. Armand eyed John and shrugged. John shrugged back even though he was now attentive to Sherlock's conversation.
“What time is Elsie coming back?” Sherlock walked closer to the window and looked outside through the curtain.
Sherlock's eyes flew open, he stared at John like looking for something, his eyes wandered all over the doctor's face. He tried to read him but his mind seemed blocked. The only thing he could feel for sure was his own state of arousal, John's eyes over his, there was an odd sense of familiarity, concern and curiosity. He felt his erection being pulled out and he kicked his shoes, and after a while of awkward movement over John, pressing their chests further together, he was completely naked over the doctor.
"Only a sheet, really, I have nothing else on." He heard a snort, probably a little smile at the other side of the phone.
John shook his head with a smile, Sherlock never failed to surprise him. "You are amazing." The words escaped his lips before he could realise it, he was about to regret it but he felt a puff of air coming from Sherlock's direction.
"So... everything was a lie?"
“I’m not, I’m just stating a fact.” At John’s face of incredulity, he went on, “You
Slowly, he went upstairs, the door was closed. He tapped on it very lightly. There was no snoring, maybe John was awake. He knocked a little louder.
“Sherl –”
"Come on... I've been calling you for ages! Where
"Shut
As soon as Sherlock was on his back he covered his bits as best as he could, cleared his throat and muttered, “Apologies.”
"Okay okay okay! I get it." John shut his eyes and wrinkled his nose. Sherlock smiled wide. "But... she was all over you." John seemed taken aback.
“That’s Elsie Patrick,” Sherlock whispered over his shoulder, his body covering almost the bathroom door completely. He was talking very quietly and John didn’t dare to lift himself off the closed lid. “Here, look at the cameras and tell me if you see any change on them.” Sherlock passed John his phone with two cameras on display on the screen: the front door and the back door from which they had entered. He moved to look outside the bathroom window.
“What happened when?” That was Sherlock’s response to something he already knew. Oh, the bastard. John was angry
"Oh Armand..." Mycroft said with a condescending smile, "idealistic people can't go too far. But I'll give you credit for that..." he added, nodding lightly.
Nodding and squaring his shoulders to give self assurance, he walked to Sherlock's room. On his way, he took Mrs. Hudson's lotion and passed through the open door.
“Yeah, evening,” he said walking to them but his eyes were trained on Sherlock.
received at 12:41.
"Yes. You were saying?"
alone before he turned up? Greg?
"You really care about her, don't you." John's smile couldn't be tender now, maybe the effect was stronger for he was really tired, and his eyes were closing against his will. "You care enough as to search for it. You don't want them to fight over something you deduced, is that it?"
"I only have much self control..." John patted Sherlock's shoulder and his hand stayed there, squeezing lightly.
“Add another variable to your flow chart. I might have to massage you… for real… if we want to use the other products.” John walked away to clean his hands, took another bottle and smeared a bit on the third slide. “Yellow is mint and green tea. This is the last one I can use for this session. There are products for neck rubs, back, chest for male and a tightening one for female breasts, legs, cellulitis, there are two or three that I have to ask for directly from Abby... there are… even…”
–, but on the older Holmes, it was closer to a warning.
" John yelled, pointing Sherlock with his index finger, "
Sherlock tapped his toes over the rug with a rapid movement. He was getting anxious, it was normal for him to do so when about to start a new experiment. But aside from the known adrenaline, he felt nothing to compare to his sexual arousal's data. He decided to wait and take it to the end.
"What was the dull case about, anyways?" John questioned trying to bring his usual mood back. Not really caring about food today, he could fix something later.
true...
"Fuck!" a loud crash resonated in the flat.
For a moment, Sidney got free and tried to hit Martin’s head with her fist but Sherlock quickly grabbed both of her hands at the same time Martin handcuffed the old man who didn’t resist to the arrest.
"Armand!" Sherlock called –
“Below these are Greg’s photos,” Sherlock said to John, “Martin told me that he also felt a tingling in his hands when massaging him with the scar-removing oil, but as soon as he used the soap they provided to both of you, he lost the sensation.”
“Anyway, you saw the photo of the door I sent earlier, yeah? I certainly hope it can help with
, what do you mean?" the doctor asked.
doomed bird which I had miraculously happened to find. I was very frightened; I am sure
“And cinnamon! Anything with cinnamon will do!” More of Rosie’s laughter and squealing and then her voice screaming, too. “Mrs Hanson! Ginga! Digimon!”
Sherlock felt another pinch, this time almost on his knee. He noticed how John's hand managed to get under his trouser by the feet edge, and was now playing with some little hairs there. Sherlock snickered. He knew he didn't have much hair on his body, but his legs and arms had, and he couldn't help but find amusing how even those little things made him closer to John. His mind felt at peace even with this kind of little nothings.
"We're getting closer." Sherlock mumbled.
"One last time." He told himself as the rage was slowly subsiding, the feeling passing by self compassion, then to realisation, finally to resignation. He cried himself to sleep.
"Well, I can tell her mother, but she's going to ask for proofs. I am reading here a couple of books concerning parenthood. According to these books, she won't believe me." Sherlock shrugged and continued, "I can even give her concrete proofs and she would
“Sherlock.”
“Anything you do say may be given in evidence,” Martin finished. Sidney was being handcuffed. “Do you understand what I’m saying?”
"It's nice... very nice... thank you..."
John was looking at some point between the table and Sherlock and the cream bottle. His face had a very deep frown and his voice was clipped. Sherlock knew that look. He knew his friend needed to talk. It was a big effort to shut himself up considering his brain worked in a frenzy; every little gesture and noise coming from John being processed and their implications deduced.
Click.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade really was at a dead end; the evidence they had already was enough to find the guy guilty in front of a jury.
John just sighed and fixed his eyes at some point in front of them. He saw how a couple of guys were looking at them suspiciously but he didn't mind that much, really.
"I must look like a bloody teenager..." he muttered to himself, suddenly a bit angry. After a couple of minutes, Sherlock came back out from his room, his usual self, looking pretty much as if he had just solved a case.
! Do I want to know how you got the information regarding the sound sensors?"
He breathed deeply as he removed his hand from his pants. He buttoned up again and looked at himself in the mirror once more. His face was soft, almost like when just waking up. His pupils were dilated and his breathing was somehow faster than usual. That wasn’t his orgasm face, he was sure, but
"You never change." Mycroft spoke with the cup touching his lips, index finger pointing at his little brother. '
"Boys!" he said, "I believe I will start a collection of Sherlock's moments. Now this time I present to you, my new show. How to train your detective, part two. Starring Army Doctor John Watson."
Sherlock’s eyes were intent on John’s face, so he noticed how John’s eyes roamed all around his torso, never lowering his gaze enough to
"Well... hm... it's past lunchtime." John said trying to change the subject and checking the time.
John couldn't concentrate. He tried but he couldn't. After all, all of what had happened between them was surreal; he never thought seeing Sherlock so disarmed and now? Everything seemed back to normal, except John now knew what was hiding behind that smirk in the morning, he knew what was hiding behind that clenched jaw.
on Martin’s.” Sherlock found something on his phone and showed John the screen with Martin’s chat. It wasn’t a long chat. There was a photo with the
. John cleared his throat and continued.
The detective smiled at her, a fast gesture, but he didn't say a word. Instead, he positioned himself behind Lestrade and eyed the papers in the folder over his shoulder. The girl never stopped her staring. John got closer to her.
"John?" he said carefully, the doctor turned his head slowly and looked at him. There was no clear expression on his face, but all Sherlock knew was the relief he felt to see John unharmed. After the incident at the pool, he was having so many nightmares regarding John's safety that he, for a moment, thought he was inside one of them. They always ended with an explosion, a gunshot, a scream... anything that had him waking up with a start, drenched in sweat.
(See the end of the chapter for
John lost it.
Oh, the wonders of the human brain.
“She cringed at the questions about business, payments and treatment of the products. Nearly imperceptible, but I know what I saw,” Sherlock sat back down and put Craig’s laptop securely over his lap. “I really need to interview you.”
"I never thought you liked to cuddle."
"No. Sherlock, I am a grown man, I was in the army for God's sake, I can take care of myself, I told you." John tried to free himself from the grip, but Sherlock was strong and quick, so this time he grabbed his wrist and kept on walking, John resisted but soon followed.
Sherlock had heard the steps too so his breathing was deliberately slow and calmer, the hand on John’s arse moved slowly to the lower part of his back. The hand on his neck was still caressing John’s nape and hair. John moved his hand from Sherlock’s mouth and placed it on his neck and slid his nose to Sherlock’s jaw, unable to let go just yet.
"He was from the net. I got him this job." Sherlock stated quietly, John barely heard over the loud music, but nodded to indicate he had heard.
John shut his eyes closed again and bit his lower lip, he frowned. He didn't know how to take the news. Just the image of Sherlock's mouth circling his cock was enough to wake up his libido again, he tried to avoid the thought. "What else?"
"Oh John..." Sherlock breathed out, "you really
He pulled John into a resolved and long hug.
A click was heard on the room. Sherlock frowned.
Then, everything was a blur.
“Hm?” Sherlock did what John secretly called
"Yes, I figured. You do that." He interrupted, his voice was like a knife, making it clear to the DI that he couldn't talk anymore. Phillip was looking at him intently, he knew what was going on. For a moment, Mycroft thought he saw a smile there but it banished in less than a second.
"Your breathing is heavier than before."
"Hello, yes..." John squinted. The light of the faint sun outside was hurting his sleepy eyes.
received at 12:32
John frowned and looked down. He looked angry but Sherlock stood his ground. He knew he could blame the aphrodisiacs later, he could also apologise. It wasn’t even that terrible, was it?
“Yes. She moved to Chicago where Abby is from. I have to assume they met there. After that, Elsie moved back to her flat in Brooklyn around the time Abby moved to Huntington.” At John’s confused face Sherlock added, “It’s just one hour or so by car, do you see?” John nodded and Sherlock continued, “Something happened in 2008 that made Elsie return to Chicago. Abby remained in Huntington. Then
Sherlock was silent that time. Mycroft felt a knot in his stomach seeing, rather verifying, that his little brother was different, he did care, he did feel. But it was easier for the younger man to hide behind his
John didn't say a thing but tilted his head further to Sherlock, never looking at him.
"I could talk to him, but my little brother never listens..." the dark figure walked to be seen in the light.
**..**
"Oh I can do many things..." he purred, "but I want to know, what would
They stayed like that for a couple of seconds, taking in the other's presence. Just breathing, feeling, squeezing, rubbing. Sherlock's face lowered to the juncture between John's neck and shoulder and he inhaled deeply, holding onto John for dear life. Soon, he moved a bit and John could feel Sherlock's erection pressed above one of his buttocks, the detective let out a soft moan at the contact, John felt his skin with goose bumps at the sound and the feeling.
"Shut up." Shelock smiled at the reply. John cleared his throat and questioned "And what did you tell her...?"
Sherlock moved his hand to Armand's arm, he wanted to be released from the embrace, but then, this could lead to another little experiment.
"I hope so, Mrs. Hudson..." Mycroft said, placing his umbrella next to the mantelpiece, his smile widened as he spotted John lifting himself up from the sofa, the doctor was evidently annoyed at the sudden visit. "Hello, John."
"Oh but he is." Mycroft took a sip from his coffee and continued, "You know he ruined the plan we had for the missile involving Irene Adler and James Moriarty. It took only a minute, even less, for him to spoil the whole plan we had arranged in months!" his voice had risen a bit and he lowered it down again. "He loves to show off, he could – and he would – do anything to prove how clever he is." John felt that last sentence as a kick in his stomach. He had teased Sherlock more than once with that very same phrase. Then he would add because he was stupid enough for that.
“Even if Miss Hilton doesn’t want to know, it... doesn’t mean we can’t investigate about it… it’s clearly linked to Slaney’s Spa, anyway,” John narrowed his eyes at this. Sherlock returned the stare as if looking for something on his friend's face. “Oh, you haven’t figured it out.”
Without words and without moving his body, John roamed his fingers from Sherlock's chest to the buttons of his shirt, he toyed with them for a moment. After a couple of seconds, he slipped his hand to entangle his fingers on Sherlock's curls in the back of his head, keeping Sherlock there. John rested his cheek over his soft hair. It felt like a hug. Slowly, Sherlock wrapped his right arm around John's shoulder. His left hand still supported him on the armrest next to John. The position was comfortable; their bodies seemed to mingle together. As John regained consciousness, his senses filled with the usual smell of Sherlock's perfume and his own scent, combined with something else.
And all of this because John Watson had flirted with him. Not that it was the first time, but still first time with today’s background. Also, it was the first time after five years and it had never been this intense before.
“I fear…” John started and tried to move his hands away from Sherlock’s chest but the other man’s grip was strong. He didn’t try again. “I fear I’m not worthy of you, sometimes.”
Sherlock's brows went down quickly, as if just being insulted.
There was silence where Sherlock didn’t know what was really going on, but going by John’s silhouette and the light coming from his hand...
"Friends." Again, Sherlock felt that word, the word he used with so much care, that powerful word, like a blow to his stomach. It should be declared a dangerous weapon on Mycroft's lips.
know many things about it, but never experienced it yourself. You probably think it's just an act for procreating, and deleted it from your hard drive. Or maybe you think you're
If someone had told Sherlock that someday there would be a possibility of him getting off with John in the same room, he would have laughed aloud for days. Of course, they had flirted, before. Loads of times, even before
, in which John heard Sherlock say things he'd never imagined, not even in his craziest fantasies... he'd had a wet dream. But once more, he didn't do anything to relieve his state. This morning he had stepped into the shower, his will resolved to finish it once and for all, but he couldn't. He just had stared to the water falling over the tiles and down his own body. Instead doing anything else, he opted to turn the cold water on.
She got closer to him and trapped his hand between hers and the table. She wasn’t strong but her grip was determined, he didn’t dare to draw his hand away. You never knew with her.
yourself because we're both males. Oh you still don't see it, don't you? It must be so placid in there!" Sherlock waved his hand in John's direction, "The numbers, John! The third option we had was to talk to a woman or a man according to the ages, that option only had three numbers.
"Yes?"
The young man was having a hard time; he knew the decision he was about to make was going to change his life forever. After a long talk with his friend at the restaurant, they had both agreed that leaving the country and start from scratch was the best thing to do. But Armand wanted more than that; he wanted to fight his dad and bring the honour to his name. Not only because of his family but because of what they represented. He knew his father was long ago corrupted, but he also believed that there were people out there trying to make things better; each on their own methods, like Mycroft Holmes.
John felt how Sherlock quietly lifted his head's weight from his shoulder and moved to his nape, brushing little hairs with his nose, inhaling deeply.
Right at that moment, John's phone went off. He searched in his pocket and found Sherlock's phone, he stood up at the same time he tossed the phone at the other man, he answered his. It was the DI.
“Violin,” John said, breaking the silence as he touched a rough spot at the tip of Sherlock’s ring finger.
“What’s wrong?” Rosie asked and this time, John went over to her and lifted her in his arms, despite her weak protests and his still shaking body.
John took his hand from Sherlock's firm grip and eyed around. Sherlock looked down at him still with a very serious expression. It took only a couple of seconds for them to burst into laughter.
“Sorry?”
"Shut up."
matter. He couldn't involve his agents, since it has something to do with the government. He thinks it's about the plants' black market. Do you see now?" he said, gesturing a circular movement with his fork in the air.
“John.”
"Sherlock, I might not be a genius but I saw your eyes. You... Are... Terrified."
**..**
John's grin widened as he listened to his companion. "Extraordinary," his voice showing his evident surprise as he stared at Sherlock. Lestrade cleared his throat and John unlocked his gaze from the taller man. Sherlock just smirked, already used to John vocalising his admiration.
being the main of them.
“Other pocket, my phone.”
"Both." John said aloud, surprising himself with his raspy voice. He didn't intend to actually speak, so he looked worriedly at Sherlock.
, the word you use with so much solemnity."
"Yeah... so, you are going to be Sherlock and I'm going to be John."
John laughed softly, then placed both of his hands on each of Sherlock’s calves. He moved them up to the back of his knee, kneading the flesh on the way. He repeated the notion four times, each of them pressing into different spots and each time going a bit up to Sherlock’s thighs.
He was about to open his eyes when he heard the cap of another bottle being opened, he felt the linen move where the slides were and then John’s warm hands on his calves.
"Are you sure?" At the question, Sherlock just looked at him, Lestrade kept the stare. "Okay, I'll leave you to it, then. I will go to your flat soon, this can't be discussed by email and rarely phone..." again he rubbed his temples and fumbled a few papers on his desk. Sherlock made a quick scan on him.
. After living with Sherlock, everyone else actually seemed to be boring.
And Sherlock’s face was… actually priceless. His mouth was open a little, his head tilted to the side with a frown, but then he closed his mouth with a snap, swallowed heavily and let out a deep breath through his nose. Then he blinked rapidly as he opened his mouth again to talk.
His doctor mind insisted to go check on Sherlock but some other part also insisted on giving him a little privacy. He had fought and won even in a very obvious state of arousal, so he should be fine, now should he?
"Sherlock... why?" John asked after a couple of minutes.
Sherlock brought his laptop to his knees and browsed the blog. He found the new entry:
"You're so... tight..." John whispered as he took a gulp of air now moving his cock out, Sherlock hissed as John pushed inside gently but firmly at the same time, encouraged by Sherlock's pressure against his hips. "God, Sherlock... Oh my God..."
“Hm? You okay?” John asked with his hand mid-air, trying not to lose the oil in his palm. He looked at Sherlock who turned a little to face him.
, who not only beta reads, but also takes care of accuracy, without questioning my sanity (oh I’m sure you do sometimes, come on). You’re amazing, dear!
"Oh my God..." Lestrade muttered with a giggle. John turned to the DI smiled weakly "I am going now, John. Make sure he survives, we need him alive to finish this case."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John and then his gaze moved down to the mess. "We should probably..."
"Sherlock? What is it?"
Sherlock stared at the phone with a frown. It was the same hot line he had called before. Deep in his mind, he had the hope for it to be a different one.
he had said that time, it even made Donovan laugh.
"Would I ever see you again?"
John watched the scene in complete silence, ideas going round and round inside his head. He could sense the respect the older man professed to his young friend. As they talked, the bubble they were in was getting thicker and, for the first time, John felt like an outsider. Usually, Sherlock's friends would always tell him something about the detective, they would be the ones to introduce themselves, generally letting him know how they had met. Like Angelo... or Louis. Now this old man in front was mysterious, but he was still clearly helping Sherlock, despite how frightened he looked.
"Diogenes. Coffee?"
“No cameras,” he said. “No security at all. He hasn’t changed one bit.”
"There is a back door. You'll have to..."
At the same time, John was concentrated looking where the people had come from. The wind wasn't strong now, but it still moved the fog a bit here and there, and John could make the shape of a little boat with no motor, so that's why they never heard any boat arriving to the port.
and Lestrade followed Sherlock, not emitting a sound.
"I'm trying the numbers the man gave us in the restaurant…" Sherlock also moved closer to John, closing the few inches separating them. Their sides were completely lined up. "Whom do you want to talk to, a woman? A man?" Sherlock grinned as he questioned.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade jabbed Sherlock's arm with his elbow, trying to shut him up. The detective smirked.
things when I read your comments on the blog, I
"You’re not going to tell me, then?” John started a little analysis in his head; well, this was not what he wanted to know at first, but he couldn't miss this opportunity, now could he? More than once he had found himself craving for information about the man in front. Always had, since the very first day. Sherlock knew so much about his private life, and yet John knew so little about that of the other man – almost nothing – and that fact made him, in a way, jealous? Yes.
John stretched a bit in his chair and took a large breath of air. He eyed around the place, coming out from the trance of typing his emotions down. He knew he had been typing like mad.
Sherlock noticed that John didn’t want to laugh but he couldn’t help it. Sherlock stood carefully with a groan. He stretched his hand to help John up. John took it, hard, and it slipped away with the oil. He fell flat on his arse. Again. A new fit of laughter enveloped them.
Last night had been the only night he hadn't dreamt about the fall, but he dreamed of Sherlock anyway. He dreamed about the deductions and the things the detective's eyes observed. In the dream, Sherlock was drugged, laughing at him from above and Greg Lestrade was filming them. Sherlock had hugged him, screamed to Greg, and then he had whispered in his ear
"Ah well, I can promise you're gonna
To stop his death. For his sake.
John was still with a knowingly smile on his face. He had to admit, even if he complained about it most of the time, he utterly enjoyed when Sherlock was an arse with Lestrade and to his own brother. He knew the detective meant no harm about this, but the acid comments, the behaviour and body language never failed to bring this grin to his face. Most of all, because it never failed to exasperate Mycroft, and Lestrade was always acquiescent about it, even if he complained afterwards. A conversation from many months was always present when something like this happened. The deep tone of voice used by Sherlock rang in his head
Sherlock acknowledged this by nodding once, then he circled around in the spot he was to take in the room, checking for details. When he got closer to where John and Chloe were he couldn’t help but notice how John tensed. He took a step back. Of course, John had noticed as well - the bulge in his trousers. With the lights on it had to be clearly visible. Just because he was doing his best to ignore it didn’t mean it wasn’t there.
In the mirror, their reflections were looking at each other now. He saw his own reflection forming and calling the other’s name just the once.
“John…” Sherlock breathed, a warning in his voice, “John, I'm…”
"John... I'm..."
"But what if the opportunity arises?" Sherlock asked, his eyes searching for a cab.
but now... now he wouldn’t change this bliss for anything. He loved Sherlock, and after this, all of his doubts dissipated into nothing. Probably Sherlock would never say anything, probably he would never say his feelings out loud and John was fine with that for now. He had learned that more important than words were the facts, as Sherlock had demonstrated oh so many times.
. That hurt.
“Great.” John frowned but he was still laughing.
"I know."
As soon as he blinked a couple of times, his brain came back to reality completely. He felt the soreness of his body and his arm going limp as he removed it from its trapped position. He moved his ankles as well and he was surprised how even his toes hurt. He was panting lightly too.
Unconsciously while he was thinking, he scrutinized every digit in John's hand; he observed his palm, his thumb, he passed his own thumb above a couple of scars. That simple action awoke little things inside his body and he got surprised once again on how he reacted, almost betraying his mind.
. He didn't feel that knot in his stomach, nothing.
Martin came back with a bunch of photographs, handing them to John and Sherlock cleared his throat.
mask. He knew the irony behind the self-inflicted title.
Maybe it could make the older Holmes to lose his patience as well.
“I see.” John moved in-between Sherlock’s thighs again and took another bottle and to massage Sherlock’s upper arms, both at the time, softly, soothing them. “Red slide is roses.” Sherlock nodded again and John cleared his throat. “Sherlock… William. This… thing. Between us. Between William and Hamish. How do we keep on playing it without being suspicious?”
“We need access to our website so we can show you the…”
Sherlock found himself running to their flat in a hurry. He needed to find John. He hadn't seen him all day, and knew John should be there. Lestrade had informed him, in a weird voice, that he had to find John... soon. Nothing made much sense.
"Yeah well... for massage you need to touch..."
"You see, the black market's head you tracked down wasn't the main leader there..." Lestrade handed a few papers to Sherlock; photographs of the 'new homeless gang' "...see that man in the bigger one, he is one of the guys working for the government."
Sherlock’s smile faded almost immediately when he remembered the poster hanging at the entry of his mind's palace. He eyed John again from above the papers in his hands. Now he seemed absorbed by the book. He
. It seemed that Sherlock was not interested, whatsoever, on any kind of exposed skin.
"Punch me."
"Are you naked now, Sherlock?"
John opened the door and what he saw next was something near to a vision. The man in front was the real canon of male beauty; a tall, well formed man, brown hair, dark eyes, light skin, he was wearing a leather jacket, jeans and boots. His face was friendly and he had really handsome and masculine features.
“Hm… what about
"Probably, but I'll be there in case anything goes out of hand." '
She moved her face even closer to Sherlock's, he instantly moved his neck back to add inches between their faces. She was talking to him, her lips were touching a spot below his ear and he was smiling. But that smile was closer to a smirk, John had seen that gesture. It was the same gesture he had when hearing something out of place... or plainly stupid. When she closed her lips, Sherlock moved his lips near her ear and they moved, talking to her. John felt a burning sensation in his chest. He knew exactly the tone his voice held now. He knew Sherlock's voice would resonate inside her body. He knew the voice was throaty and extremely sensual... but he also knew there was nothing but harsh words coming from those lips.
“Mr Watson. The client for six o’clock is here,” Miss Eldridge’s voice came through the speakers of the computer and John stood up carefully. Sherlock washed his hands in the sink.
... Almost laughing at his own stupid thoughts, he finally picked up.
Sherlock stowed a few things in his pocket and took his coat as he walked to the exit. "You really should tell your friend your preferences. Don't leave them in the dark, guessing at what you might like otherwise you'll end up wearing quite a bit of lavender." He said, opening the door with a smirk.
“Any luck?” John asked.
“Is…” John cleared his throat and continued, “Is this okay?”
"Sherlock... you actually waited for John to fall asleep?"
John heard a bit of rustle, surely Sherlock was getting comfortable.
"Damn it, Sherlock... it took me a while to fall asleep you know, it better be important."
Sherlock placed Rosie on her high chair and handed her a spoon at the same time John put the plate in front of her. “We don’t know. What do you think, Watson?”
"Do you even realize how awkward this situation is...? You and me, hiding in a little secluded space, rain outside... it's almost... I don't know."
He started to put the data in order; the 'onion' he had found at the crime scene was a tulip bulb. John had found bulbs from the same tulip species at the victim's house in Netherlands. They were producing bulbs to sell since those, combined with other chemicals, produced a very powerful and almost untraceable poison.
At the last word escaped his lips, Sherlock snapped his head up. He opened big eyes and stared to a point behind John's head.
"Yes..." Sherlock said, "But you will be staying in a four star hotel, thanks to the Yard and a few strings pulled on Mycroft's end..." his eyes smiled at that and added, "it's useful to have relatives once in a while."
"John!" Sherlock called again, worried. The sound of an engine made him get closer to the window, he saw John inside the pickup, waiting for them right outside. Lestrade jumped out and Sherlock jumped after him. Surprisingly, his knees failed him as soon as he touched the ground with his feet.
” from Sherlock.
“Yeah. See you tomorrow then, Dr Watson.” There was a moment of hesitation before he took the photos from John's chair and then walked to the door. “Mr Holmes?”
"What are y-"
He came the second his hand closed for the second time around the head of his penis and, even so, his hips were still thrusting, his mind was still conjuring up John’s body, his touch, his voice, his face against his own.
"The alley's stuff." Sherlock repeated.
"You're joking, right?" John turned the kettle on and placed two mugs over the sink, Sherlock immediately sat on their large couch, turning on the telly and changing rapidly to the news’ channel.
sent at 04:46.
“It’s always something…” Sherlock gritted his teeth and sighed after a second. John made a questioning noise. “No. Yes. I mean…” Sherlock shook his head. “I’ll be back early; I want to see my girl.”
"Hell... I don't know, Sherlock... you seemed awfully friendly with the bloke. He has feelings for you, you know it too. But you don't seem to mind."
"Another case?" Sherlock asked lifting his brows.
He waited until two in the morning before taking his phone, calling, not texting.
"Oh I don’t know, I can imagine you as a paediatrician." They walked upstairs and John put the bags on the table. "You're a
Sherlock nodded to the client’s chair and Martin sat, taking the copies.
. You went there to see if he was okay. Just like you did with Henry at Dartmoor." John shook his head and turned his face to Sherlock as well, "Sherlock, why is it so hard for you to admit you care about people?"
John smiled taking the hand the man offered and shook it hard. His eyes still little and his lips forming a discomforted line because of the light.
sort of attitude. Even when John, now that he knew Armand was bisexual, noticed and confirmed that the guy was interested,
"Sherlock? What happened to the case from yesterday...? Christine?"
"What does he want from you? Why is he chasing you?"
"Okay... How's the kid?" Sherlock snorted at the question and settled himself nearer the other man, who didn't move from his position; he tangled his fingers in front of him, still with his elbows over his knees.
“John,” Sherlock looked down to his feet with his hands at his back now and John could see the vein in Sherlock’s neck throbbing alarmingly fast, but he trained his eyes back on Sherlock’s. “Would you be afraid to spend the night with a lunatic –” Sherlock came one step closer, his eyes never leaving John’s, “An idiot whose mind sometimes loses its grip?”
"John... it wasn't necessary. A lot of people think of us as a couple without really making that...
like this one.” And he winked, without a second thought. He winked at Sherlock, using Sherlock’s masturbatory text. God, had he just… And only a nanosecond after he realised what he had done but it was too late.
"You won't find any." Sherlock said, serious. John glared with a hint of humour, but smiled genuinely when he heard Sherlock whispering "I don't do that anymore".
, a song meaning
”? Or worse, what if John
John lifted his eyebrows trying not to reflect on his face the little party inside his head right now. Mentally, he was shaking his own hand for not losing the calm there. He could understand why Sherlock felt so triumphant every time he did it. Indeed. It felt...
The hot breath talking in his ear was making him uneasy, he listened, his breathing erratic.
was good for John.
Sherlock took off his shoes and his socks outside the room and walked bare feet to the bed and watched, observed. His head tilted as he did and his eyes softened, a wider smile made its way through his lips and soon his eyes crackled at the sides.
Sherlock pressed a couple of keys more and closed the laptop.
There was a thud sound, some panting and James lifted his brows in surprise, his jaw moving as he chewed on his gum.
After a few minutes in the much needed comfortable silence, John stood up slowly, taking the wet towel from his neck and tossing it to the back of his chair.
received at 13:10.
he thought,
"Thank you." The woman whispered. Sherlock's face was still expressionless. He straightened up and bent his coat's collar up, intending to leave. When she noted the gesture, she stopped him asking "How much do I owe you?"
The petite woman was fast though, she stood up from her chair and sat on the floor, falling on her back beneath the desk she was before. She moved something behind her and a big hole appeared in the wall. Sherlock knelt down to take her laptop off her lap, but she grabbed him from his neck, making him fall with her to the floor. The detective almost knocked himself out on the desk, hitting the side of his face. Lestrade ran to take the gun that Sherlock had thrown with the blow and tried to help the detective, trying to release him from the firm grip the woman had around his neck, her hand was buried deep inside the collar of his shirt and coat.
"Aw come on, John." Sherlock said getting a little closer, "you enjoyed it as well, you can't deny it."
him senseless. Maybe he told him all that as he kept on kissing and murmuring incoherent words against Sherlock's flesh. "I want you so badly..." he said in Sherlock's ear, "...you teasing bastard, you are so fucking delicious, so... uhnng perfect..." he groaned, Sherlock's thrust were fuelled by each of his words.
Please notice that the part of John's blog remains the same than the website. Doesn't belong to me.
you remember exactly." Sherlock let out a snort. "It's true, though. Women aren't my area; they are needy, they use their sexuality to profit. They think they can have any man on their feet if they expose more skin to us than needed. Or if they wink at us..." again Sherlock was talking with that purred voice "...that just... repels me." He let out a quiet sigh.
[Lestrade - Delete permanently?]
"You can take the sofa for tonight and leave tomorrow morning. Or my bed if you will, I barely use it anyway."
He poured himself tea and walked to the living room with the cup in his hands; he was about to sit on his chair, but then he moved and sat on the considerably comfier sofa. He rested his back and got comfortable in between the cushions, letting out a long and tired sigh.
"Yes! You know, Dr. Watson, I've been working there for a long time now... years, actually. When I was in Uni, I paid most of my studies thanks to the company. I am working there now just because I like it. There are so many people alone, looking for someone just to chat to… making fantasies come true. It is really, a very noble job... at least under the light I see it."
John had to turn to the opposite way to avoid a laugh. Donovan's eyes were huge, she looked over at Lestrade who remained silent.
“If the cameras in the spa are any indicator, we won’t.”
“Yes.”
“Good afternoon, sir. Do you have an appointment?”
"Sherlock?"
"He looked at me with his mouth open and his dark eyes very big. It was as though he
"I am really sorry, Sarah... my mind was somewhere else..."
sent at 12:32
You've been terrific and I really appreciate you are reading this A/N. It means the story was good enough to keep on reading, I believe. So thank you, thank you for reading, thank you for putting up with this, thank you for your appreciations and criticisms.
John was desperate. The kiss had turned into something he could barely stand. He thought that he had experienced almost every sensation regarding to sex, but apparently he was wrong. Very, very wrong. He was fully aware of his aroused state. He couldn't believe he could get like that only due to a kiss. But he knew it wasn't just that. The man before him, for whom he would die for, the most incredible human being he had ever known was there, in his reach, kissing back at him,
"Great. I am Sherlock Holmes' personal teddy bear now." John cleared his throat and moved a little on the couch.
"Do you recognise this man?" Sherlock asked, Lestrade got closer to see the picture.
As they both panted hard, their chests moving up and down with each gulp of air, and their eyes locked on each other, Sherlock felt how John's hands pulled him back down, slowly, slowly until Sherlock couldn't take it anymore and they locked their mouths in a desperate kiss.
When Mary died two years ago and John had accepted the offer of his old room at Baker Street with Rosie now a toddler and the nursery (thanks to godfather Sherlock), these moments were more and more frequent between them. John always brushed them off as if they were nothing important. Maybe they weren’t. Important. But sometimes, like now, Sherlock’s voice would go low, his demeanour carefree, as if he never imagined that these small comments could pass as flirting in other people’s eyes.
and that was all he needed to explode.
Sitting next to him, John searched for Sherlock's eyes; they were widely open and the pupils moved frantically, a typical look when something didn't fit in the mystery.
"Dressed?"
Observing his reflection in the mirror, Sherlock did to himself the same scanning he was used to doing to everyone else. Little white letters started to circle around his image, starting from head to toe. [Hair] '
Mycroft sighed as he recalled the report Greg Lestrade had given him at the end of the Dartmoor case. The DI had been casual about that, not paying attention but simply almost as a joke and anecdote '
"I'm right behind you, Sherlock..." the man began, Sherlock closed his eyes. His mind was trying to replace the bloke's voice with John's, but he couldn't. He tried to feel something, but couldn't. Yet it was an experiment, and he needed data to compare. "I am going to touch your shoulders now, over the sheet. I'm going to massage you a little."
**..**
They talked about Mycroft and Rosie; she asked about the case and rambled a bit about a website she had found about creams and homoeopathic products.
"Right... okay." John complied. He unbuttoned his shirt. John didn't want to add more tension to this situation. He was so concentrated faking calm, that he didn't see how Sherlock's hands moved to the back of his neck. John stopped, freezing again. Sherlock caressed the outline of his hair with shaky fingertips. He had a curious look on his face. Then, his eyes roamed from John's lips to his neck again. His eyes danced over the exposed skin. Sherlock helped him to remove the shirt from the shoulders and discovered the large scar on the left one. Sherlock stared at it, fascinated with the shape, he brushed his fingers there for a while.
“Water,” Sherlock said as soon as he came out from the bathroom. “A bottle and a glass.”
Lestrade saw a couple of guards at the front door; two men playing chess, with guns in their belts.
John took
"I told you before, John: I am not leaving the flat for less than a seven." He explained.
John's grin faded a bit, turning into a bitter smile as he watched the back of his best friend walking in front, next to Lestrade.
John snorted at the comment. Really, now he could see how silly this situation was. He ran a hand through his hair and stretched his neck, letting out a soft groan.
For starters, John felt he might have stepped onto a very personal subject for the detective. Even so, he was secretly hoping Sherlock might open up a little, maybe they could even talk about it... but again, what was the point? He already knew what he wanted to know, there was no need to keep digging into it. Still, he felt there were a few pieces of the puzzle he couldn't quite sort yet.
"There was never a date, Sherlock, and you know it." He said, never changing his position.
"A dummy." John shook his head.
When he opened his eyes, what he saw made him frown. There he was, like a teenager, with his right hand inside his pants. He memorised the way the muscles of his face were and he noticed that, when teased, his expression was completely different to those of the actors.
"It's all I could find, Mr. Holmes," the old man whispered, "one of these numbers must be the one you're looking for, the other numbers are codes. One of them has to be it... not sure which one though..."
"Seducing, for example, a partner?"
Second, talk to Mrs. Hudson. He was going to ask for the skull today, he needed someone to talk to, and since it was Sherlock's...
After a couple seconds of nothing but breathing, Sherlock answered. "I
“Check the labels,” Sherlock said with a small groan, he was still smiling, though. “One of those products was clearly labelled as an aphrodisiac.” He shrugged. “I can’t turn. Not now.”
Sherlock had obviously stopped what he was doing. In John’s mind, the word
John laughed shortly. "Should I take that as a compliment?"
me and the light in the room was very bright and hot. I started to move and to make some
’ or maybe ‘
John forced the paper on his lap again, his face pure incredulity. He pointed his index finger at Sherlock, opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again. “Never mind.”
"Okay then, let me have a look at it." John moved as if to walk out of the kitchen and Sherlock walked in front, to the living room area, sitting in the sofa.
The clock struck quarter past eleven.
"I believe we agreed cold turkey there, Sherlock."
"I just tasted you, bit you, kissed you. Now, places? Almost everywhere, to be honest."
“Sorry, what?” Miss Eldridge looked up from the computer, really looking at Sherlock – William – now.
"Sherlock." he called quietly, feeling a little rush of guiltiness by waking him up. He was more than aware about the drugs' effects but he knew for sure they should be out of his system by now. "Sherlock...!" He called again.
"Home?" He asked.
And suddenly, with a very professional move, John grabbed one of Sherlock's wrists and placed his other palm at the middle of the pale shoulder blades. He pulled the wrist back, hard. A deep, loud cry resonated in the flat and soon after that Mrs. Hudson was nearly running up the stairs and opening the door of 221B.
"What on earth gave you that idea?" John began a little ghosting over Sherlock's neck with his fingertips, he applied a light pressure on both shoulders, a soft moan escaped Sherlock's throat.
“You look like a princess,” Mycroft looked at her for the first time, his face going soft for a second.
"You did it on purpose, Mr. Detective inspector." Sherlock said slowly and quietly, stopping at the exit of the alley and turning to look at both men behind him. "You knew it was difficult to get here. You know I don't like riding police cars, but you also knew you were going to rent a car to get here, you just
"Who is Lestrade?"
"John… let me stay like this a little longer... please."
"Why I am so bloody stimulating now?" John questioned in a whisper. Sherlock let out a little chuckle.
Sent at 4:47
"I don't feel anything with you- my
"It's not about what you need, John, it's about what I want. And I want to be able to protect you this time…" Sherlock voice broke a little and after taking a gulp of air he started "I couldn't live with myself if anything happened to you."
"Black, two sugars, please... sir." With a smile, Armand opened the door, the man entered and the door was closed behind him.
"I don't care if they fight or not, John. I am just doing what I was asked to do." The younger man lifted his face to look at John. For once, he didn't seem surprised at the sudden caress. John's hand was warm against his cold skin.
"Well the case almost solved itself, John. You saw the photograph." Sherlock turned to look at him with a genuine confused expression. They were near a park, trees moving with the wind around them. The detective walked to John as he kept on talking, "It was clearly the photograph they found in the garbage; the girl was wearing an emerald ring, smiling, next to the younger brother. Engaged. The same girl was in the photo hanging on the dead man’s wall, when he was about five years younger and she was one of his students."
As they waited for their order to arrive, Sherlock took his labs' notes from his pocket and stared at them for a couple of seconds.
realized that my heart was beating in an awful way and that Joey was trembling against
Days passed, the funeral passed and each time Sherlock observed John from afar his heart, the heart he thought he didn't have, hurt a bit more. He believed in John. He believed in what they had built together and he knew that the game in which Moriarty had made a check mate was a fake one. The white king had fallen, yes, but the same king was there again to restore the pieces back into the board to start a new game, white against black and this time he knew, he was certain, black pieces were going to be hunted down by an invisible white king and queen, by invisible bishops and rooks, a net he had managed to build. His own chess board.
he wanted to shag him senseless. He closed his eyes at the memory and what that actually meant.
The flat was empty, the night was cold and he was left there alone with his thoughts. He was a mess, he recognized the work of Moriarty behind and finally convinced himself where the evidence was leading him. Theorizing before having all the data was something he never did and he was doing just that. He cursed mentally and closed his eyes, his mind palace was in place and there was a room that needed to be rearranged; he thought about the case, the painting and the hard time he had today when he left John at the Yard with Lestrade going through files as he went back to the port to gather evidence of the ships coming for the last week.
"Molly." She said quietly, Sherlock lifted his eyes for a second to look at her; he frowned then quickly returned to the microscope.
“Or the old Sherlock is right and maybe we’re both idiots, now.”
He looked at himself in the mirror and bit his lip. His face was ridiculous and the longer he looked into the mirror, the more unconvinced he was. He mimicked one of the actors’ orgasmic face. It looked so unnatural that he grimaced in the middle. He lifted his eyebrows. That gesture was more like him. What if…
Silence.
Sherlock didn't wake up immediately. He moved his head slowly and snored softly as he inhaled more air. His hand moved outside John's jumper, pulling it up a little, all the way to his chest, making little pressure to support himself to lift a bit his head. His eyes were still closed and he struggled to open them. John watched in silence how Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned at the faint morning light. He was certain that Sherlock could feel his rapid heartbeat under his palm.
John started to pant in his sleep and his erection, that had been quiet whilst Sherlock was just observing, started to gain life once again.
"Sherlock..." the whisper just escaped his lips. By the corner of his eye he saw the watch on the nightstand; almost three o'clock in the morning.
John had to use all of his mind power to prevent from chocking on his food and die right there... if he wasn't dying of chocking, he would surely do due a heart attack.
“And a little tension between two grown men who meet a couple of times a week for a…” John could finally pick the six slides squeezed between Sherlock’s buttock and the stretcher. “… massage.” He smiled as he left them all sprawled over the linen behind Sherlock’s rear and then slowly came back to his position standing between Sherlock’s thighs. “I’m gonna make this a bit more believable, all right? I don’t want troubles on my first day.”
Mycroft could almost recreate the complete scene of Sherlock's attack in his mind in a nanosecond. Sherlock just stood there, completely aware of what his brother was doing.
and John grimaced. He kept on applying little pressure for a while, stroking the pain away.
John took his time to take a shower. He reached his phone as soon as he stepped out, a towel around his neck.
“Stab wound on his right arm.” Sherlock pointed to a spot on his own arm. “Chemical burn on his left shoulder.” He pointed to a spot on his shoulder. “And the shape of an iron on his right thigh.” He laughed and added, “He’s rubbish at playing house.”
“...my very art itself.”
“That verges upon madness.” Sherlock’s hands moved frantically to cup the tip of his penis, all of his torso convulsing in orgasm. He was as silent as he could, biting his lips and breathing hard through his nose.
Armand sighed and toyed with his fingers in his lap. "We're different. You see, you still make me... feel things, directly into my body, without that mind's... filter..."
"Well, still half asleep, I reached for my phone so I could call you..." Sherlock's voice was dramatic, "it was under this coffee table, so when I grabbed it, I was so distressed that my arm..." he pulled a rehearsed apologetic face, wrinkling his nose, lifting his eyebrows and with a tight grin he added between his teeth"...kind of got scraped with the edge of it."
"That shouldn't be allowed..." John said, "Isn't that against the law of client’s confidentiality?"
"Why? I mean, yes. But why?"
“Or the old Sherlock is right and maybe we’re both idiots, now.”
"It's the dead man from the Netherland's case... the one selling the tulip bulbs..." Lestrade said taking the paper and folding it down.
"Mm? Oh the arm..." Sherlock was still massaging his neck with the other hand. He waved to the injured arm, "I'm not sure... it should be all right, I haven't seen it since the shower this afternoon."
"Oh come on!" John threw his unused arm in the air. "I seriously doubt I'm gonna get laid whilst working on a case for you."
"John...? Is everything alright?"
"Don't threaten-" Sherlock interrupted hoarsely.
He spotted Sherlock then, who was watching him from the other side of the room with a tiny smile on his lips. Why was he writing this? Why was Sherlock so hard to understand… and the worst of all, why was it so frustrating? John thought he could play the game of deduction too; he had learned a lot from Sherlock, so why not to use it on the man himself?
"It's just a number.
"Mycroft." John rubbed his eyes and then stood up firmly. "Sherlock is sleeping, and I really don't want to wake him up after all the ye-"
“Wow. Okay. As I said, the job is still yours if you want it.” Martin smiled at Sherlock as he started to review every paper in his hands.
"But, you’d still hear the sounds, the moans…" John, out of reflect, lowered his sight, concentrating on his partner's lips for a second. Sherlock stopped when their noses were about to touch and moved away casually.
“Hello, John.”
She looked around with a frown, breathing fast, her eyes frantically searching Sherlock’s frame. “Who? You’re not one of her staff, then?”
"Oh, Sherlock, I am visualising you alright..."
So there he was now, waiting for the kettle to boil after a long morning at the Yard. Mycroft had called John at least three times today and Lestrade was being desperate and almost crazy towards Sherlock about the case and the lack of evidence, and the obvious pointing of Sherlock at their incompetence every chance he'd got.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice was soft and his hand, palm down, hanging in the air between them. John frowned and clenched his fist but didn’t move away.
**..**
“Craig,” Sherlock confirmed, his usually pale cheeks an alarming shade of pink.
"I don't think it needs to be discussed. You very well know what I felt, what we
“I see,” Sherlock took a deep breath as if to say something else, but then noticed the time. Twenty-four minutes left, “Take the slides.” Sherlock’s voice was softer now, even if he knew the walls were soundproofed. “Take them all and place them at my left, behind me. Make sure you clean your hands when you place a new product in a new one, we can’t have them contaminated.”
Sherlock woke to the sound of his phone pinging in the early morning and the chill of his naked body exposed to the cold night of London, never realising having fallen asleep. His hand was still over his crotch and the pillow that was completely drenched in sweat, semen and drool in the other. And his body, even if cold, felt like new, as if he had slept for months. All energy was finally restored and correctly channelled.
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed.
Sherlock smirked looking up at John. He was awfully quiet today, lost in thought. John saw something behind those eyes, there was something new and a different, even if the detective was back to his usual self. He couldn't help but smile back at him.
"You should go home." Was the immediate answer. "Your back is going to be a torture later."
"You're him."
Sherlock got startled by his own voice resonating in the empty flat and sat straight. He sighed, running his finger over his curls. He was
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock's lips were on his neck, licking and nibbling there, his hand was still stroking slowly, at his own rhythm.
"I was only there with her because you told me you’d texted her."
Sherlock’s teeth were still grinding, his breath rushing out of his lungs as he closed his fist around himself and moved it experimentally down, down, up, up.
"No. Actually, I've got to go to Bart’s to check on some samples. I need Molly's help, I'm sure she can provide interesting data about the corpse".
[1] – Watson actually said that, but in the book of Sir Conan, and not directly at Sherlock, and of course not with those exact words, but for the reader, almost immediately after they met.
“I am.”
" the loud, unexpected shout coming from the detective made John step out from his thoughts, and Armand to jump on his chair with a start. Soon both of their attentions were directed to the long figure moving to the other extreme of the room. There, Sherlock took his violin, tuned a couple of strings, faced the window and started to play. Armand got closer to John and asked in a very hushed voice, "What... had... just happened?"
"We know... you wouldn't be here otherwise but at his funeral. My son grew really fond of your little brother."
John snorted with a shake of his head. He took another oil, spread a bit of it on a clean slide, put his oily hands on Sherlock’s stomach and said, “I told you to behave, William.”
"You were with Mycroft this morning, so I assume you already know everything there's to know." Sherlock's intense gaze was over John's face, he placed his palms together and supported his chin on his fingertips.
"You just scared the hell out of me with that statement!" John didn't realise how much his hushed voice raised in its pitch until he spoke.
The restaurant where Sherlock lured John was far from chic: the tables were modest, the chairs uncomfortable, there was only fast, fatty food… awful. John really hated this kind of places, but there was someone else who had to join them and, according to Sherlock, the meeting
"Hello. How can I help you today?"
day – he had slept most of the morning – and Sherlock was on his laptop on the desk by the window, refilling his glass of water every few hours. They had asked Mycroft to bring Rosie tomorrow evening – aware of the possible remains of the liquids – so the light was dim and there was an unusual silence for this time of the evening.
"Sherlock..." John went to the kitchen and started to boil water. Meanwhile, he grabbed two mugs from the shelf, and checked their contents just in case; beginning the morning routine of toast and tea. "...you had a dream last night."
"Yeah... well... it's just a natural reaction." John repeated with a shrug.
received at 04:55.
"Not at all." Sherlock dialled Lestrade's number.
saved..."
“She wakes up in the morning with the after-effects of an aphrodisiac. You heard she’s thirsty, her libido has gone up… she wakes up with a sour taste in her mouth-” Sherlock’s phone lit up with a new message and he hurried to check it. His face broke out into a soft smile and John’s curiosity was piqued.
John sighed, "Some dates of the movements in the museum are consistent with the dates from the folder you saved in the memory flash."
"At least try to. Okay?"
John's face contorted with several different emotions; he turned to look at Sherlock again and frowned, then he furrowed his lips to a side and closed his eyes lifting his brows. Finally, a quick smile crossed his lips. "I think you know what's bothering me."
“Apparently.” Sherlock took his glass of water and emptied the rest in one big gulp. John unconsciously cleared his throat and Sherlock’s face got even pinker (nearly unnoticeable unless you really knew Sherlock’s face) and John remembered of the afternoon with vicious force and how his own body felt after a good release.
“The Cannabis’ one you used this afternoon is the only medical one we can have inside the therapist’s studies.” There was the sound of paper and then a slam on a table, “Here, read this. This is the medicinal spectrum for products with a more powerful composition. One of them is this one” – there was paper noise – “for scar-removing. I’m telling you this because your CV shows that you’re a doctor. Before the clients use this natural treatment, they
“When… when our eyes met, I felt that I was growing pale,” John’s voice was firm if not a bit shaky as he interrupted.
“It’s utterly bizarre how she took a liking to you,” Sherlock sighed as a greeting, dramatic, “It’s going to be years and years and I will never get used to that.” He walked back to the living room to take Rosie’s phone and checked the pictures. “Psychologically, big noses usually create the sense of trust, interesting facts you find on the internet.”
Armand was just arriving home from the Yard. After the proof presentation and an audition, Xavier was released and after a quick lunch, each one had returned home.
“Oh,” he said, understanding John’s original question. He cleared his throat and his face was quickly back to normal, a soft smile playing around his lips. “You heard what Chloe Hilton described. She’s being poisoned, obviously.”
it, he
"You said you had to text Greg."
and she answered
Gasps.
Sherlock also imagined once a reality in which he came back with John being married and having a one-year-old kid.
“Mm.” Sherlock looked around the room now, taking in who knows what while he began to rapidly explain his thoughts. “I’m wondering if Elsie ever saw him. But even if she did, last time they saw each other she was twelve. He was young and American. Now he’s an old grumpy British. Plus the beard.”
"Are you alright?"
"At least it's not staring at you first thing in the morning." Sherlock purred with a yawn.
"Coming!" He shouted. He arranged the robe around his shoulders and went downstairs in a hurry. Sherlock was nowhere to be found and Mrs. Hudson wasn't home either. The books Sherlock had taken from his room last night were neatly next to the leather chair.
The detective opened the zipper and pulled the erection out from the confines of John's pants. At the feeling of the bare hand, John separated their lips and tongues and stared down at Sherlock, who just lifted a bit the corner of his lips and gave a single strong stroke to John's cock. He began a slow, firm and steady rhythm. His other hand travelled to John's shoulder blade and then moved his hand down, his fingers timidly brushed the waist of the jeans he found on the way, he nailed a little on the upper bit of the buttock and returned to apply little pressure on John's shoulders.
Sherlock’s lips curved in a small smile. “We’ll have plenty of time to talk.”
"Alright, then. Bye, Armand."
"How did you know the cabbie was gay?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. A bloke called Martin that came in looking for the job. It seems we were both hired this morning.”
“Oh! Oh my God, you win!” That was Sherlock’s voice, perfectly audible all the way down and then Rosie’s laughter in full mode on. Mrs Hudson chuckled and looked up as if searching the source of the voice. John frowned but was unable to contain a smirk. He turned his face up, too.
John’s eyes went back to Sherlock, who now was looking intently to the carpet or John’s feet. John made a gesture with his hand and lifted one brow (‘
"Where's the coffee?" Lestrade asked as he saw both men entering his office, hands empty.
"People do little else." Was Sherlock's repeated reply. They remembered that time at the pool and they both smiled, looking at each other.
But John couldn't stop staring. Maybe, under different circumstances he might try to restrain himself but not now, not in the state his body was in. He could tell Sherlock had come. He found it weird at first, seeing as he had only touched himself a little bit and wasn't doing it at the
"But... sir..."
', he was frustrated and had told James Moriarty a couple of things he shouldn't have about his brother and now he was worried, he had to admit. '
"That was expected, yes... it's not only the painting is it?" Phillip frowned and supported his elbows on Mycroft's desk. He stared at the iceman's eyes for a while through the smoke.
"What?" Sherlock turned his head a little to face John.
Lestrade smiled and took one of Sherlock's arms firmly; giving a nod to John and making Sherlock to walk back to his bedroom, almost lifting his feet from the floor.
Click.
Sherlock was panting loudly, he fell over John and the doctor moved his legs with a hiss; keeping them in the same position for so long had made him sore, and that without counting Sherlock's weight over him and... all of the exercise.
“Yes.”
Using his phone pretending he was browsing for something, he took a photograph of the couple and texted Sherlock including the image.
"You know him." Was the first thing John had said to him today. Sherlock hadn't been around the flat all day. He was at the Yard, helping Lestrade. John had been at the hospital.
... John!" Sherlock panted as he tried to recover his breath. John's lips were right next to his. "John." More gasps. "John..."
**..**
The bag with items was next to Abby’s feet, her right hand holding its handle and her left moving occasionally as she responded to whatever Elsie was saying. Even though the image was only the size of Sherlock’s screen, they could clearly see when Abby’s free hand opened the lid of the jar in Elsie’s hand and the liquid spilt on the floor. Abby grabbed Elsie’s shirt, kissed her again and left the house with the full bag as quietly as she had come.
Sherlock let out a throaty giggle looking at the screen. John frowned and pressed F5 to see what had Sherlock so amused. He saw the comment and typed down an answer with a little giggle of his own.
why he's just stating the facts but clearly not defending himself, he never said he was innocent, did he."
!" Sherlock threw the door of his room open, abruptly pulling John out of his thoughts. The detective was walking barefoot only in a shirt and trousers. John had helped him out of the excessive items of clothes earlier.
(oh, how Sherlock hated that word). He didn't want the established relationship anymore, the lovey-dovey thing; he wanted to tease and be teased and argue with those who thought they were in a romantic relationship and to be exasperated every time it happens... yes. He wanted his life with Sherlock. He didn't want it to change.
"Were you aroused?" John smiled at the tone in which it was asked; as if Sherlock was asking about something as trivial as the weather.
Sherlock let out a little giggle at the question. "I could be doing that. Are you?"
“My father told me that,” Sherlock added, aiming for a smile.
Mycroft grabbed the front of Sherlock's coat and roughly pulled him closer for a hug. Sherlock hesitated for a couple of seconds before returning it. After a while, both brothers were holding each other for dear life. It was brief but intense, a firm grip and suddenly, without a word, they separated and rearranged their shirts, shared a last smirk and Sherlock was off, back to 221b.
John turned his head to him with a mixture of a frown and a grin.
John chuckled, surprised. This was really new, Sherlock asking
"Sure, he was going behind a small lady and she beat the shit out of him." Louis added with a wink and a wide grin.
Sherlock lifted himself from the bed, but John took his wrist, making him sit back.
have only incompetents in the Yard."
"I'm gonna shut up." John said, trying to stop his laughter.
Shit.
"I am not. I am, after all, your older brother. Not a threat, only an advice. I do care for your well being."
"Yes."
"Delete it; he wants to know if we took the case..." Sherlock was typing on his laptop as he spoke "he only does that to spite me, he could've simply asked Lestrade."
"I'm checking anyway." John released Sherlock from his grip, Sherlock did the same. Both were a little breathless but neither of them said a word about it."Go get yourself comfortable and I'll examine your back... you can get that massage too if you behave." He added.
"How can you
"No, no, John... Don't lie to me."
"Hm?"
"Are you really sure we're not going to be interrupted?" He said wrinkling his nose and making a very tight grin. "It's just that..." Sherlock looked significantly at John and added "...we have been waiting this opportunity for so long, and we want to do a lot of...
"It was a stone, wasn't it?"
Sherlock drew a shaky breath and tilted his head slightly to the right. “I know. So am I.” There was a small pause. “But...?”
“They’re not ugly, Sherlock. Your scars, they mean something. But they mean something I want to delete. I don’t know if I want to delete them because they mean how of an awful friend I was to you… but your back, I remember your back, it was flawless. I… I want to remove your scars, it’s all I can think about. I’m a selfish man, Sherlock. It’s like I’m doing this for myself. And I feel awful because of it.”
Mycroft of course had his own ways, but Sherlock was certain that all of his brother's doing was for a good reason. Not that he liked the control the older Holmes claimed to have over his life. But then again, it was his own way to believe that he was doing things right... that's why the detective had been surprised when Mycroft said that he and John could get killed.
“You show me that at home. I’m not taking anything else from your pockets today,” John smiled. Sherlock snorted. It was the first time they locked stares for this long today.
"No, not anymore." Again, Sherlock unbuttoned half of his shirt and only his injured arm went out of it. He peeled the bandages he had managed this morning. John didn't miss a detail of this. He smiled tenderly when he saw the bandage done in a meticulous manner; it was perfectly cleaned and the cream was applied correctly. Sherlock saw John's proud face and bragged, lifting his brows "I am a fast learner". He slipped his arm back into his shirt carefully and walked to the bathroom.
"You boys got here in a cab. Was it too difficult to get?"
"They say it's haunted." The man whispered eyeing the place around.
With a slow movement, he slipped his hands down to Sherlock's shoulders and upper arms. Even in this situation, he was being careful with the healing injury there. Sherlock's breathing was heavy, puffs of air coming out from his parted lips one after another. His forehead was still pressed to John's. His hands still on John's jaw line, his shaky fingers stroking lightly below his ear. Their noses were almost touching. John tilted his head a bit and slowly closed the inches between their lips.
Sherlock and Lestrade got inside the facility through a window at the second floor, they walked quietly by some corridors. No sound could be heard inside, which alerted them greatly. John followed shortly after. It seemed that they were not expected after all, since the only security they had was the camera at the front door.
“Nope.”
Sherlock smiled at this text, a bitter, sad, but satisfied smile somehow. His face contorted for a minute as a child who is about to cry. He swallowed then and his frown returned to his face immediately.
With almost an animal instinct, John kissed his neck again. The action only made Sherlock to moan a bit louder and throw his head back, giving John more skin to kiss and lick. John nibbled his ear, licked all the way down to his nipple, circling it. Then he kissed his chest, went all the way back to his chin, he nibbled there, then down to the collarbone again...
"We know nothing concrete yet about the case, John. Making assumptions is not going to lead us anywhere... and besides," Sherlock turned his face completely at John now, pale eyes fixated in deep blue ones, "I really thought you would say something like... I don't know, there are no romantic situations between two male friends, perhaps?"
Elsie was frozen, her hands going to Abby’s hair when she started to move.
"John!"
"Sherlock, please be a little more specific, and
Thanks to all of you who’ve been following this story as well! Hope you enjoy this chapter!
John was petrified. He didn't know how to take that last statement. He wanted to ask, but he decided against it. There were more important things at hands now, for example... he opened his mouth to ask about Greg's whereabouts when they heard a very loud thud, Sherlock startled, alarmed, eyeing around frantically and grabbing John by the arm, pressing both of their backs against a brick wall. Sherlock placed his arm in front of John's chest, letting him know with that gesture to stay still and quiet. John slowly moved his hand to his waistband, brushing his gun, ready to take it at any minute. Both of them were breathing with difficulty but soundlessly. John turned his head and looked everywhere.
After John settled her into her small bed, he moved downstairs only to find Sherlock completely absorbed in his phone, transcribing something to a notepad. John sighed as he switched on the kettle, took a clean cup from the cupboard and placed it on the counter. He cleared his throat, pursed his lips and grabbed Sherlock’s red mug too, placing it next to the previous one, trying to keep as quiet as possible.
Silence.
John frowned. He was tired, damn it, even Rosie had noticed. Massaging other people left little energy for yourself, so he thought about just denying for a couple of seconds. Why would Sherlock want to talk about this with him, of all people. He looked down, at his empty cup. He could feel Sherlock’s sharp eyes on him like a force of gravity.
"Obvious. Always are." Sherlock muttered. After that, they walked in silence, each lost in their own thoughts and alerts to their surroundings.
"It is." Lestrade never lifted his eyes from papers in front of him. "Close the door behind you, will yah."
"The two numbers! They are the number of the facility! Xavier told me something about an order..." Armand closed his eyes again and wrinkled his nose, clearly trying to remember. John was still looking the scene, they weren't even that close, but in his mind, John saw them closer.
the most prominent of them all. Mycroft tried to join the dots once again, but he had to admit, Phillip bewildered him. He assumed it had something to do with Armand, since the younger man and his friend Xavier had been spotted leaving for Italy early in the morning. Although, why naming the Interpol's most wanted? He had no idea, but he was certain that, somehow, being the man he was, Phillip would want to take advantage of his son being in Italy, using him as an excuse to have eyes and ears there as well. Mycroft smiled almost bitterly and triumphantly this time. Yes. His son was an excuse.
“I thought I was the only one being irritated by the smell. It kind of clings to you when you’re out of there…” he said, clearly ready to leave, when Sherlock’s head snapped up to look at him. He was on his feet in a second.
. He hurried to say something...
"Sherlock..." John's glance travelled to the cabbie's rear-view mirror; the old man at the wheel had a little knowing smile, eyeing them from time to time "...no wonder why people talk, mate." The doctor whispered. Sherlock's lip just curved quickly in response.
They were outside 221B now and Sherlock eyed the area before entering the building.
"Of course, yes." John nodded. His thumb toyed with the mug handle slowly. He wanted, badly, this conversation about Sherlock's feelings to end. He was sure Mycroft could even figure out... "You know," John said, casually, "you really should stop treating Sherlock as if he were a kid."
"Speculation. Lack of privacy, I don't like the press speculating about our-" he gestured with his hand in the air, between them, "-relationship, Sherlock... I think it's low and dangerous in this line of work at some point, okay? It's not important. Just... do what I said, stay out of the news, yes?" John motioned to the dummy and the microscope, his brows up in his forehead.
He returned to Angelo's house and took his plane tickets, he opened the fridge and ingested an abnormal amount of calories. All he hadn't eaten for almost three days.
“You’re amazing.”
“I mean it. It can be dangerous for Rosie. I’m going to burn this chair down.” He was rubbing the wet flannel against the chair now. “But maybe if I dilute it with water first…”
There was a low chuckle, "you know? I love government people... they are all so clever. I mean, we're going to kill you either way and once we do, if Armand is lovely enough maybe I can keep him. But no, not yet, I need
John looked over at Sherlock, his face right next to John’s and his thighs around John’s hips. They looked at each other no doubt thinking the picture that was going to come off that last photograph.
“Stop motion!” He sighed in disappointment. “I thought she was going to be
He tried to open his eyes again but it was a task impossible to accomplish. He tried to speak but the sensation was the same as when he was expulsing the drug from his system; a feeling of anxiety and exasperation... he wanted to scream but he needed air for that and he could barely breathe.
"Hm?" John cleared his throat. Sherlock grinned.
John took the knife and got up, quickly covering Sherlock's back with his own. He heard how Sherlock interrogated the guy, his voice coming out between clenched teeth.
"Ah. Yes?" John lifted his brows, coming back from dreamland.
"Our men can do it."
"I thought you agreed to it because you were bored."
When he opened his eyes again, he observed down to his own body. And made a quick check up: his pulse was elevated, his breathing was laboured, his member was semi erected and his skin was flushed.
Sherlock and John's eyes were glued to the screen now. They were, either too lazy to do something else, or had finally come to a conclusion of how childish this whole thing was. Mrs. Hudson was enjoying the game and, John knew, Sherlock loved the lady, she was close like a mother to him.
**..**
"Coffee will do. Meet me in the cafeteria. Two o'clock." Sherlock quickly stepped out of the lab, leaving an open mouthed Molly and an almost cracked test tube in her shaking hands.
“It’s brilliant, isn’t it?” Martin repeated, “They are testing products according to the reaction of the patients…”
"Do you realise we've done nothing this morning but chat with each other and Mrs Hudson, who is downstairs... and here's the sad part:
"Oh, Irene Adler. She's uhm..." John cleared his throat and hissed, "She is in America... in a witness' protection program." As long as he finished saying that, he took a big gulp of tea, eyeing, once again, in the direction of Sherlock's bedroom. Mrs. Hudson just nodded.
to this, Sherlock did as he was told with a frown. He didn't understand what John was up to. He trusted him completely though.
"But you two..."
“Uh?”
“Prove it?”
Or so Lestrade thought.
“Fine, you’re going to tell me the rest, though.”
“And what…” John cleared his throat and tried again, the table had started to make a noise as they moved against it. He thought about how juvenile this was, dry-humping against a table, but he couldn’t care less. “What do you want?”
one.”
John gulped, wetted his lips and inhaled; the air was retained in his lungs for a couple of seconds longer than normal before being exhaled. Sherlock's voice was a trigger in his body, he knew, his plan of keeping himself under complete control was slowly failing. Perhaps it is pertinent to mention once again he regretted enormously not attending his body needs in the shower that morning.
Sherlock lowered himself until his lips were next to John's ear. "And before you ask anything, John, I do want this." He whispered.
"John."
“What?”
"Any news about the case?" Molly ventured to ask, making Sherlock look up and stopping his mumbling at the notes.
“Do you really want to know?” Sherlock asked, his voice was flirtatious, but his trembling hands and shaky breaths were giving away his nervousness.
Thanks a lot for the comments, the kudos and the bookmarking. It made me really happy when you guys asked why I haven’t been updating or asked for updates. Really, thank you so much. I’m back and this is back, too!
He recalled John's words as he made his way to Sherlock's body, he recalled the sensation of John's hand taking his pulse, even if his arm was almost completely numb thanks to the little rubber ball under his armpit.
Sherlock reached to lower the hem of the jean but in doing so, he lost his balance a bit and tried to support himself with his calves against the back of John’s knees. John's legs were about to give up, so he braced himself on the edge of the stretcher with his slippery hand which caused him to fall completely over Sherlock. When Sherlock tried to get them upright, they lost their balance again.
"Mr. Holmes..." the man continued in the same hushed voice, "I have the feeling that, whatever you're going to find in this case, might really compromise the integrity of my employer. Please, under any circumstance, never mention I was the one who gave you this information."
"Alright! Well done,
sent at 15:36.
As Sherlock went deep into his thinking, it had occurred to him this morning, how maybe all of this was necessary to stop Moriarty. It wouldn't be the first time Mycroft thinks faster than himself; he had been deceived by him twice, even... perhaps what Mycroft had told them was the real concern about his conclusions of all of the criminal's actions. Moriarty was playing a game that involved even The Woman. And Sherlock was the main part of it; a white match against the black one. A chess match; no matter how much the black pieces moved around the board, there was no use if the white pieces didn't move to attack – or to defend, for that matter – as well. The only way to stop the white pieces was to make the main piece, the king, to fall.
“Thank you.” Sherlock moved closer to John and, mortified, noticed his partial erection pressing against John’s hip and gasped. He tried to move out of the embrace, but John was strong in keeping them in place.
"I'm leaving now. Anything else I need to know?"
"You must... be careful, brother" Mycroft thought about the conversation about him and Phillip this morning, "I told you have to take care if you want to be close to John. I told you once and I'll repeat, no matter how many times you need to understand: you are not safe, you know that m-"
"Yes!" the detective shouted, both hands making fists in front of his face. "They found the pickup! Grab your jacket, John! This game is just beginning!"
John had informed blatantly.
"You're beautiful, you know that..." John growled, he knew he was vocal in bed, his mind raced with so many things he wanted to tell Sherlock. How good he tasted, how superb he smelled, how fucked up he had him, how incredible his cock felt against his own, how he wanted to
“Sorry for the delay, I had to supply one of my workers with some oils and a customer asked for tea while she waited for her turn,” she chatted absentmindedly, sitting down. An air of overconfidence surrounded her, the same Sherlock had heard in the recorder when talking to
“I definitely will.”
“Good. Put them in the pocket at the back of my jeans. I can’t stand up since the colours would stand out if the random photo goes off.” Sherlock’s usual smug grin was back. A soft bell sounded from the computer near the door and they both turned to look at it.
In a flash, John was kissing his neck, taking his shirt off in the process. Sherlock tilted his head back and a deep moan-like sound was the only thing that could be heard in the flat. John's hands roamed lazily around his body, touching his chest, slowly, lovingly. The hands slid down, pressing his hips playfully and finally John lowered the zip of his trousers. Sherlock was too aware of the erection slowly forming inside his pants. His knees began to fail so he had to use the sofa for support with one knee between the doctor's legs. John took his erection and stroked him slowly, kissing his neck again, licking his cheeks, his jaw, nibbling his lips, his earlobe...
"I took care of that already"
received at 04:17.
At the use of her name she frowned and sighed. She was mad, but that simple petition didn't seem that hard to follow, especially if the man in front seemed so disarmed.
"What is it Sherlock? Oh by the way, you have to come to the kitchen, I'm not missing-"
"Incognito. I was homeless for the day." Sherlock tossed the wig near the desk and sat on the couch with a sigh.
John stretched on the couch next to Sherlock.
"It is a little late for brunch now, isn't it?" Sherlock said yawning. Then he covered his eyes with his hands and threw his head back in the chair.
"Plant based chemicals..." John corrected "today at the hospital, I had to sign a list for a new supplies arrival..." John got up and took a paper from his jacket's pocket and passed it to Sherlock "Yes! Here it is... I saved a copy just in case, 'cause I wanted to research the prices. They were so cheap it was suspicious."
It was almost 8 pm and Chloe had called telling them she was going to come by the flat around this time as she still didn’t feel very well earlier but was also eager to talk to them soon. John was reading in his chair after an
"You don't do that anymore." Sherlock's deep voice brought him back.
"It's not that far now." Sherlock muttered.
"Why?"
John gave a small snort and an amused smile, his eyes never leaving Sherlock's face. He nodded, his eyebrows high in his forehead. Even in this situation Sherlock was amazing. It was pretty obvious he was aroused, but he never imagined Sherlock would realise he hadn't turned on his phone because he never
John was looking at his almost empty plate as if looking for answers but his eyes were blank. “I should have asked before. I should have… done so many things differently.”
John was not the one to start complaining; he just eyed at Sherlock with a frown and made his way to the kitchen. Coffee was good. Coffee meant at least some sugar inside the detective's body. No matter how he requested it.
but his eyes refused to stay open with the morning light. Sherlock couldn't be doing an experiment now,
. He would have never imagined Sherlock would appear in the pub, being there just to listen, for once. Sherlock was unpredictable, and that's what he both; loved and hated about him.
Mycroft stood up and walked to the door, he turned to face Sherlock once more.
"What? What is it?" John questioned when he saw the other man's scared look.
"Uh... if you get aroused, you can always masturbate. I would like to hear you doing so."
. But with John, all of those precious words and feelings felt just...
“That’s what we’re checking tomorrow.”
." The detective demanded, taking off his gloves and leaving them inside his jean's pocket.
“My libido has gone crazy,” she said, both men could see her cheeks still completely crimson, she nodded once, her eyes looking everywhere except John’s face. “I’ve always considered that… we have a normal sex life, but these past few weeks everything has been completely out of control.” She laughed and then added, “Not that I’m complaining.”
"Well, thank you very much. Good bye then, John."
John couldn't help but smile widely, he eyed Sherlock all over, incredulous at his own pervert thought. After all, he seriously believed Sherlock had been touching himself but never occurred that he could be in any pain.
"Of course."
Inside the flat, John took off his jacket; he was wearing a dark cardigan and a light plaid shirt below. Sherlock removed his scarf and John's lips twitched at the sight of a little stain of red lipstick right below the other's ear. The detective hanged his coat and his jacket on the hook at back of the door and then closed it... and locked it. John lifted an eyebrow at the action.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his nose brushing John's jaw as he caressed John's neck, slowly withdrawing from the doctor. John's hands fell to his lap, feeling suddenly empty and cold. The rage he had built made its way into John's mind again. It was disappointment perhaps as he saw Sherlock return to his composure in a matter of seconds; the detective stretched, rearranged his shirt's collar and sat again, lifting his feet and supporting them on the table.
"I bought cheese snacks." John sipped from his cup after he spoke, cutting the silence like a knife.
quickly crossed his mind while watching Sherlock stretch there; his head thrown back, his long neck exposed.
Mrs. Hudson's steps up the stairs were like a knife cutting the silence and the kiss, despite being slow and silent. Sherlock withdrew his hands quickly from John and John did the same.
He made his decision then. He had to act, try to be normal towards and around John; his own definition of normal at least. He was worried, yes, he cared, yes, but John didn't have to know that. He took the decision to complete, or at least try to, his research about John and his own body urges and needs. It was all new and he couldn't deny how curious he was still about all that. He had to learn to separate those things and to try and ignore the big poster at the entry of his mind palace.
After a couple of seconds Sherlock broke the eye contact and took off his coat. John smiled at the homeless attire; a black t-shirt and jeans.
, John, who had brought that up, about Molly, and yes, it was
"Oh ff- next time you should wake me up, you know."
! John!" Sherlock protested when some of the alcohol fell over raw flesh.
“Hm?” Sherlock had zoned out for a while (he hoped John hadn’t noticed this: sometimes he would go into his mind, not his mind palace. He would just stand there, apparently daydreaming, thinking). “Yes. The jeweller. He custom-made the necklaces used at the spa…” John lifted his eyebrows at the new information. “It’s odd, isn’t it? Why is it odd?”
“She mentioned it once.” Sherlock cleared his throat and intoned Mary’s voice and tone of speech, “
"Oh, Doctor John Watson." Sherlock said with his hand extended to him.
"Don't be cruel, Greg. Does he need assistance?"
That's why it was a relief when John told him what to do; he got into the shower and the hot water over his overheated skin felt oddly pleasant. He didn't dare to talk, to spoil it, for the first time he needed to hear, needed to listen the data he didn't hold, a data he never
"You really don't get it, do you..." Mycroft said, he settled a little on the chair and gave John a long glance, his lips curved in a smirk. John weren't daunted by that look anymore, in fact it was almost welcomed, he knew that after that look a long explanation would follow. He could almost hear Mycroft's brain working on what he could tell him and what he could not. "It was from the Yard indeed..." Mycroft started, narrowing his eyes and tilting his chin up, "Gregory went back to the facility with the command, you knew that much." John nodded and the older Holmes proceeded, his voice was calmed and he was talking like being infinitely bored, "they captured the woman and found a big amount of drugs there."
"Why the hell not? She’s nice, and she was all…
sent at 04:21.
The pause that followed had John awake for the best part of the night: Sherlock breathed, just breathed. Deep, slow, deliberately. John was stuck there, his presence known but not acknowledged, soldiering on again through Sherlock’s small breakdown.
"Liar."
and inside, there were lots of different shelves with ordered stuff. He tried to look in there for the connection between that room and the room
Sherlock didn’t waste any time. It was nine in the morning. John had been out for two hours. He grabbed a cab to St Bart’s, went into the lab, greeted Molly – it was better every day, not really awkward anymore – and checked the swab from last night. He found some traces of the component from the tea Mrs Hudson (gladly) hadn’t drunk. Then he texted his results to Martin just in case.
"No. I wanted you to deduce."
“Oh, I’m sure we’ll figure it out,” Sherlock turned and smirked.
"I know. I know, Sherlock..."
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, “unrealistic as it is, I…” he swallowed, breathed deeply and hung his head. “I appreciate the sentiment.”
Sherlock picked up the paper off the floor and revealed an old, printed article.
received at 04:06.
"Because… she uh…"
John gave Sherlock a side glance.
Sherlock heard a breathy, small voice: "Yes."
had just discovered that I was an expert on bedbugs. I laughed and grabbed his head as I
“She could’ve just checked the security cameras,” John pointed out. He wanted to stand but Sherlock occupied the whole space when standing to his full height. Suddenly it struck John how big Sherlock actually was; his shoulders were broader than before and his arms were muscular and long. His legs, too. He was also pretty sure it might just be an exaggerated perception inside the small bathroom.
It had been hell to find a cab that would take them to the address Lestrade had provided earlier. Sherlock had to pull strings around the homeless network. John heard Sherlock having a very strange conversation over the phone. It seemed that there was no available cab to go there. After the call, an old man arrived to their flat to take them.
"You were right to be terrified, you know... you should learn how to control your body needs" the voice was right in front of him now, lips millimetres apart from his, "you really should have the control to restrain yourself. In the end, you and I are the same; we can get stimulated, we can get aroused, we can... do all of this if we want to...
"Sir, can you please invite me to a cup of coffee?" said the voice from the other side of the door. He snapped his eyes open. It was Sherlock's voice, even if he tried to disguise it by lightly high pitching the tone.
**..**
“Fine,” Sherlock said, his breathing coming faster now and his eyes shooting a silent warning to Martin.
He exited the cafe with a satisfied smirk, looking up to the sky, smiling at the sun, taking his phone from his pocket and sighed, it was the first time talking to the DI after all, they didn't talk at Sherlock's funeral either.
. He couldn't understand how sex had to drop into a big banality. It was such a large commitment; a vow of the body and the mind, not only to procreate, as John had pointed out, but also to find in the other what you can't give to yourself. Self-pleasuring was way too easy. He had tried once and never did it again as he found the act to be
"Oh I didn't mean it
"I am fine. Stop worrying."
"Touch yourself, too."
Sherlock turned around slowly, face flushed, lips parted, hair plastered to his face. He placed both hands over John's shoulders and stared into the doctor’s eyes for a couple of seconds, or maybe minutes, neither could tell. And it didn’t matter. His eyes danced around John's face; it held a firm, secure and sincere expression; he was breathing hard but his lips were sealed, his face was all Sherlock needed to see, to
Received at 5:10
He wondered what Martin had said to Sherlock after seeing the photos and noticing what was clearly happening in those.
“All right.”
"Sure! There is a photograph of him at the blog as well... he wrote something for the criminals, so they can identify you both" the guy laughed shortly, "really nice move there." Sherlock giggled silently, his shoulders shaking. He recalled that day clearly. The guy continued his description, "He's blonde, older than Sherlock apparently, but he has handsome and manly features. His nose is well formed and he has a nice smile, thin lips... He was a soldier, so I can imagine a nice and well formed body... maybe a little worn out from age, but still nice."
' John tried to stop his internal fighting. A frown formed on his face. He returned his gaze to the girl in front of him hoping she hadn't noticed, but she was too interested in Sherlock to care.
"Now I am going to visualize you naked. Describe your body to me."
"No, really. My voice sounds different over the phone. So it's possible you're just confusing things. What's your name?"
"Can't, have much brain work to do. Define. Date." Sherlock demanded now, jaw clenched, eyes still closed.
Also, he had been informed that Hamish Watson had upgraded his massage menu and had added the
John threw him a look. Sherlock pressed his lips in a triumphant lopsided smile.
John rubbed his temples, closing his eyes. "You're a dick most of the time. A pain in the arse." He whispered. Sherlock looked at him with an unreadable expression, he lowered his sight to a side, obviously hurt. "But that's your undercover, isn't? You do care, you do feel... but you're so bloody insecure with your own emot-!" John sighed as he realized he was raising his voice, Sherlock lowered his head, completely, looking at the floor. "I'm not like most people, you know?" he added softly, "I'm not with you because I want something from you..."
"I wish I knew." John answered with a shrug. He was grateful she didn't ask about anything. Hell, he was sure she heard something – perhaps everything. Or probably she was used to it, even he had heard Mrs. Turner's married ones a couple of times.
' and the same automatic, rehearsed answer, he didn't even think about that anymore '
"Jesus... Sherlock..." he whispered, Sherlock smiled between his panting. "Where the hell did you learn to do that?"
Suddenly John stopped his walking.
"Okay... you're a kinky one." She added after a brief pause. Sherlock heard a little giggle and frowned at the phone.
the old me. And you feel guilty because of it.”
"You haven't touched the food so you're not hungry. Probably lifted that misplaced cookie on the plate but you couldn't eat it. So you're worried about something... you slept in the plane, but you lied about forgetting to turn your phone back on. You didn't want to. You actually took the phone from your pocket when you landed, but you put it back." John frowned, clearly saying
John looked down at his hand and got wide eyes; his hands had been unconsciously caressing Sherlock’s skin mid-thighs. He pressed the skin again with purpose now.
“Greg has three scars,” Sherlock murmured after the minutes of silence that followed the chamomile. He seemed so tired that, for a moment, John thought about leaving everything else for tomorrow.
"See the closed canal over there?" Sherlock stretched his arm above John's shoulder and pointed his index finger to the spot with both signs. "People from the lab used that water for toxic wastes. They closed it, of course." John felt a weight on his right shoulder. By the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock supporting his chin there, applying all the weight of his heavy head. "It was a very well known fact here, I doubt you heard about it, you were invading Afghanistan at that time." A little puff of air against his ear let John know that Sherlock was now smiling at his own words. That... and the proximity of the detective.
Sherlock was still blinking and John was left in doubt if the colour across Sherlock’s face was that of the lamp, the reflection of the red mug or something mundane like blushing.
John locked his stare with Sherlock at the voice and the tone it held. All about that question went right to his lower half. "Oh fuck... yes."
Yes. This was definitely beyond any word could describe, even more than love, more than friendship, more than lovers, more than... any other label. They were just them.
John knew Sherlock didn't like the idea, but he also knew his pride could wait. He guided Sherlock to the large sofa and the detective sat there, throwing his head back and coughing a couple of times.
Sherlock snorted and stopped in front of John. “Relax. You still have some years before she learns how to use a gun,” he wore that lopsided grin he often had after a joke and John, smiling, couldn’t look away if he wanted.
Suddenly, another thought appeared in John's mind. The homeless man from the gang. Was it really Mycroft's doing? He had said, so many times that he cared about Sherlock... John could actually understand that. Way back, he and Harry often had gone into big fights regarding her safety, until John grew tired of them.
it," now the voice was right behind his ear, whispering. "You loved it so much, the dirty talk... you love to be admired, even in bed, you selfish bastard! You have no shame at all, don’t you agree?"
Sherlock smirked, trying for humour, he took John’s wrist with his hand and purred, low and slow, “I doubt William would want to behave, considering the circumstances.”
"Woo-hoo!" called the friendly voice. John smiled tightly when she opened the door with a tray in her hand, then rolled his eyes at his companion, "Boys, I brought you some goodies we prepared with Mrs. Turner this afternoon. Sherlock has a sweet tooth I know that much." She started, smiling at the detective who wasn't moving from his position, rummaging whatever there was in the little space behind the sofa and the wall. John cursed mentally; the image of Sherlock's arse up in the air almost right next to his head wasn't helping much to the current situation, so he stood quickly, helping Mrs. Hudson and heading to the kitchen, just hopping she didn't notice the half erection tenting the fabric of his trousers. He smiled at himself. No matter what, he could never be angry at her.
"Because... look, talking about seductive glands. If you don't get enough REM sleep, your mind's palace will fall into pieces soon." John yawned again.
"Go on..." Sherlock said, completely focused on his friend now. John hissed shakily.
John stepped out of the kitchen, a satisfied grin dancing around his face.
"John. I need to write down all of the dates on the file. Don't bother with the old ones, we only need to know the ones from this month, so write everything from May first until June. I need the date and the respective plate number."
"A lot." Armand pulled his chair closer to the detective, sitting right in front, noticing the nervousness of the man. Their knees were touching, but Sherlock didn't move back.
having nightmares and tried to focus there. John really thought he was having a nightmare after all. All of the pieces fit in the puzzle, but there was only one thing out of place. "I need to recreate the scene..." he muttered. John was taken aback now.
“Yes,” Sherlock croaked back, quickly clearing his throat and trying not to make any other sound.
"Yes, there is a whole rumour about it, we found the blood pool on the roof top but the body... He was not... The criminalists tested the DNA and-"
Sherlock opened his eyes for a bit when he felt the movement over the couch and observed his friend. Unconsciously, he made a little tiny grin and his face softened. It was normal for him already to soften his face's muscles when it comes to the doctor in front; he had noticed this, of course. He remembered the first case they had together; John made his features soften that time. Sherlock used to look at people with his brows down, but he found himself smiling when looking at John. Maybe that was the reason behind the constant teasing from people around them. His brother teased him about John and even the homeless did now. Angelo was the first to do so, probably because he saw his relaxed expression that day.
John lifted his eyebrows. He didn’t know where the conversation was going to go. “A letter? The
John flushed and took a proud gulp of air (Sherlock secretly waited for these John’s proud-papa moments). He cleared his throat and tried to change the topic. “What is Celia to Mycroft anyway?”
', [Face]
a case?
"I was talking to you about the state our bodies are when being too close to each other, or if we stimulate our-"
"Hang on, Sherlock... the
"I don't see why not. This is your brother, Sherlock"
“What was all that about?” he turned to look at Sherlock.
"I have never done that before."
John sat on the bench near the door with a tired huff. He waved at the stretcher then at Sherlock. “We have a problem.”
"Sherlock..." John's voice was merely a whisper.
Indeed, Armand was a mess; his clothes were drenched, his hair was plastered to his face, his right cheek had a bleeding cut the rain had taken care to clean, but the trail of blood was still visible and lost inside his shirt.
And if he was right, if the chess game was planned as he and Sherlock had talked about several days ago, an evening when sharing a coffee and a cigarette in this very same very room, talking about childhood and work, about plans, government and cases, John had to know.
From their hiding place, they heard a vehicle; it didn't sound like a big one. Next thing they saw was the petite blonde making a gesture to the girls. Sherlock moved quietly to the entry of the container, on all fours, and saw how all of them disappeared inside the pickup. He memorized the plate number and then crawled back and sat next to John. He wrote down the number on the notepad.
John had never grabbed someone’s arm so fast before.
"I need you to
John’s voice carried as he turned his neck to watch Sherlock walking through the kitchen, something he didn’t do often, now.
The next thing they saw made them look at each other with eyebrows close to their hairline: as soon as Abby had taken the jars and put them inside a bag, she grabbed the back of Elsie’s neck with her free hand and kissed her. Hard.
"Well, you are from a wealthy family." Sherlock began, moving the card between his fingers and pointing it to Armand, "I can tell you had a fight with them, maybe because you didn't want to pursue the family legacy and choose to study psychology instead. To practice your knowledge you entered the hot line to study the people calling there; two purposes: money and practice. But you liked it, so you stayed. You told John you had the money to pay, but since you live alone in London, I doubt the money you make at the hot line would suffice, seeing as you haven't found a job as a psychologist; today is Wednesday and you were wandering the whole day... and there is your attire; juvenile, but expensive. So I guess your father sends you money to ease his conscience. Now you came to us to solve this case. Why would you do something like that...? Probably because you sense the importance over this matter, and since your friend, Xavier, can be found guilty, even if he is not, and I have to tell you right now that he is
Sherlock lifted his face fully to look at John and tilted his head with a frown, confused. Clearly the detective didn't know the word
The effect of the aphrodisiacs should be gone by now but his treacherous mind replayed again and again what he couldn’t forget: John’s face in the mirror, the feeling of fingers burning his bare skin, the words taken from a book read in John’s soft voice. A rush of arousal went through his body so strong that it caused him to breathe audibly through his nose, to blink rapidly to moisturise his eyes, and left him supporting himself against the table while his eyes focusing and unfocusing on the aloe leaf.
"So... a date." John smiled with a headshake.
Sherlock's lips were parted to take in more air, his skin was pale; even though he should be flushed for the little wrestle. Louis felt fear, not for the man in front, but the situation; Sherlock's strong expression was distorted, just for a few seconds, by fear. Like the proud vampire being hunted, he knows he is more powerful than humans, but still feels fear for he doesn't know the weapons that might be used to attack right to his few weaknesses.
"Oh yes..." Sherlock giggled, "It hurts... like... ugh... it hurts badly, John."
in my life, I was really aware of another person's body, of another person's smell. We had
“Of course, they’re not,” John said picking one of the photos off the wall; this one showed an old man, on the corner of the photo there was Sherlock’s spidery writing
“I should have known…” Sidney said as she got closer to Sherlock, still on his knees, the strong man behind him keeping him down. “Private Detective Sherlock Holmes, I’ve heard your name but never saw your face... you got me completely fooled.”
,’ he answered.
Sherlock held his air visibly and his lips closed again, his eyes focused on John’s.
"You've got a really nasty wound after all. Even if all of the blood was taken before." Molly said softly, moving his curls to a side, checking the minor injury he managed to get with the fake jump.
“Well, that…”
) and then put her to bed. As she grew older, John would ask her to tell him everything she did that day, especially now that she was going to nursery in the afternoon.
John, being almost a fan of lists, thought carefully about his plans for today. First he needed to talk to Greg. He didn't know anything about him, he had only heard he was on a temporary leave as the cases in which Sherlock had been involved were being re opened and the evidence re investigated. He shrugged. It was the Yard's problem and it was going to be useful to clear Sherlock's name in the end. When all of them were proved right.
"I think I get it… but I need to know now. Why do you suspect that something is out of place? The company could be shutting down because of their finances, were those failing? You know... bankruptcy?"
He went back to his armchair and entered to the comfortable space of his mind's palace. There were a lot of thoughts he needed to sort out, they couldn't just be floating around freely.
"John."
Greg lifted his palms in the air, pulling a surrender gesture. John looked at the DI's shoe, then at his face with an incredulous smile, tilting his head and crossing his arms above his chest.
"Even when I hate that hat."
It was all it took for John to lose it. He had heard that word so many times directed at Sherlock... but since they were from the Yard, he never had the opportunity before and he certainly wouldn't let this one pass. He turned around and glared at the guy, faking calm.
"Sherl-!"
John's breath got trapped in his lungs as Sherlock parted a bit more his lips above his own, closing them again, repeating the process until he darted his tongue out, barely touching John's lips. John answered the kiss properly, slowly, languidly, moving his tongue to touch Sherlock's tongue, Sherlock's lips, tilting his head to deepen the kiss.
The DI looked down to the floor, his head nearly hanging from his shoulders. "John, help me out here, would yah?"
couldn't explain it. It was not an insignificant matter, that inside his mind palace, he had a room secluded for certain people. People who had helped him... people that could be trusted. There were Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, Stamford, and now there was a little shelf with a label that prayed 'Armand Smith' and his respective data. John wasn't there; John had his own big room. Sometimes Sherlock wished he could just bring himself to tell him that, just to ease the distress in John's eyes, the insecurity they now held.
"Sherl-! Jesus! Stop it!" Lestrade's brows went up quickly at John's pleading tone.
. It was the same with Donovan. Why had he beaten that man, he only knew that he needed to pull the pressure off his chest when hearing that... in that despicable tone... as if they totally forgot Sherlock was a human being too. They didn't understand Sherlock was like that just because he was repelled by the idea of people – a young woman, in this case – giving herself to someone she doesn't belong to, as if sex was something so irrelevant.
Rosie was trying to play with the stuffed animals at her feet, drowsily making the noises to each one Sherlock was showing.
“Sherlock, really.”
John's eyes clenched tightly as he pulled out. Sherlock sighed heavily, his cheeks ballooning a bit as he did.
"Problem?"
John had to explain the nurses from the ambulance he was a doctor and the one to take care of Sherlock, so they left only with a very drowsy Chloe. The Yarder at the door insisted on waiting to take them wherever they needed to be. John was grateful; he was tired, sleepy and worried. Even when he trusted Sherlock as a chemist, he couldn’t help but wonder if the aphrodisiacs were going to have a secondary effect. Whatever it was, he just didn’t want it to be hospital-related.
Two men in suits, one of them being Mycroft, explained the case to them. John was having a hard time focusing on his tea. He concentrated on trying to catch the most relevant bits of the meeting... his mind was still elsewhere though. Little white letters continued to float around Sherlock. He tried to ignore them. He wondered if that was the way Sherlock saw -
"Sherlock..." John managed to say in between the kiss, Sherlock separated them a bit, almost understanding what John wanted to ask.
"But not now." Sherlock had a smirk on his face and was still staring intently at John. They locked gazes for what seemed an eternity. John broke the visual contact. Sherlock wasn't planning on leaving more comments, but the look in John's eyes made him want to shake the doctor up a bit.
It was finally a bit sunnier and warmer outside when John entered their flat around six in the afternoon. Mrs. Hudson was going upstairs, holding a tray with cookies and two pieces of cake. As soon as she saw him coming, she hurried up as much as she could to place the tray onto the kitchen's table. She waited for him under the doorframe.
"They just changed these supplies today..." Sherlock said as he looked around. The container didn't have a door; it was like a big box tilted to a side. It was big enough for both of them sitting in there, comfortably, but was not big enough to be standing inside. It had an excellent view to the place the boats should arrive, but it was very unlikely they could be spotted. It was strategically placed.
"You okay?" John asked, panting heavily as he observed his friend. A nod and the expression of utter arousal on the other was as he needed to lose it. He lowered himself over Sherlock feeling the erection of the detective pressed between them. John rocked his hips slowly, not actually going inside and out, but only moving, adjusting Sherlock until both of their hips started to move at the unison.
“Seriously? You didn’t…” John turned around to look at him from head to toe. Sherlock felt like squirming a bit in place.
"Sherlock, I'm all right, really. Nothing’s going to happen."
Sherlock glared at her and exhaled. "Nonsense."
John turned to Sherlock in silence, their faces close. John just lifted one eyebrow -
Sherlock had to fight the impulse to remain silence and run when hearing John's call. "Yes" he said as he opened the door.
"I don't... Sherlock, I don't
“Wilson?” Abby’s voice travelled up to the second floor. Sherlock yelled back a raspy ‘
"Oh!" Sherlock snorted, "I had the drugs aside with a bunch of processed plants from the case we had before. The same sample you found in Netherlands. I had to burn the chemical to analyze the residue. The plant chemical and the drug from the hospital looked alike. When Molly entered the lab, she asked if I needed some help, and since I didn't have much time to spare, I accepted her offer and asked her to burn the chemical on the desk."
A knock on his door alerted him and pulled him out of his thoughts. He walked to the door and looked through the peep hole. A tall man like himself, dressed in jeans and a black shirt, long hair and moustache was knocking the door. It was the first time he saw him and he immediately distrusted.
In all of his life, he had never wanted to kiss someone more than Sherlock right now. He wanted to feel that tongue on his, inside his mouth. He felt Sherlock’s face coming closer, his hot, controlled breathing was hitting his face and his nose was getting closer to his.
"Sherlock..."
After a while, Jack got closer to them and replaced both empty glasses with new ones. Dark beer for John and light beer for Sherlock. Soon John noticed Sherlock staring at him for a couple of minutes. He lifted his brows at this, surprised.
. He was now absorbed on the screen, so he wasn't paying much attention to Sherlock, but the detective kept on talking anyway. "We know Mycroft wanted you away, we also know how we solved the case; the drug was made with a composition based on tulips bulbs... we could never get the names of the other drugs. We also know the leader wasn't really the leader but an accomplice..."
“No, I’m fine. I didn’t inhale anything.”
himself to John. He had offered something John never actually thought about so much. He had fantasised about it, yes, but still it wasn't something he thought it would happen so soon. But last night's Sherlock was something completely different than their two previous sexual encounters. This time, Sherlock wasn't the young man getting off with him. He was sure about his actions, he was in control of the whole situation and John had felt something completely knew; he had felt wanted, cherished, loved, observed. And he had felt Sherlock as an equal, the adrenaline in his body last night was something he had never felt before and that was already saying too much, considering.
Talking about pain, there was an arm he needed to check.
"Sherlock, really. It's all... good."
Sherlock never took his eyes from the menu; he could sense the confusion Molly was feeling. She was seriously taken aback by Sherlock's words; she wanted to get mad, to get up and leave. But she also knew Sherlock. She knew this opportunity wouldn't present itself again, even though she understood Sherlock wasn't doing this for her, he was doing this for John. That thought alone made her stomach knot, but she tried to stay calm.
, so he lowered her back on the chair. He couldn’t stop grinning when she returned to stare and drag small pictures of grass around the screen, he also noticed that there was a photograph of some plant next to her.
"Do you think it's Moriarty?"
"Right... goodnight, John."
He loved John. He loved John with all his mind. John was his weakness and he could not conceive a life without him. That much was clear.
Sherlock was quiet and still, John’s hands were burning his skin and he didn’t… there were so many things he could say about the case, about Lestrade collecting data of products for scars right at this moment, about Martin that might have information, about himself calling Abby herself later, about Craig and the lead he said he had found, about Miss Hilton’s missed call this morning and how he completely forgot to call her back because he was watching porn – that might be better to be left unsaid – and how this case was slowly turning from ‘
"I screwed it up, didn't I?" Sherlock had a very unapologetic face. John couldn't help but giggle for what seemed the 100th time today.
There were a few more texts but Sherlock couldn’t be bothered, that last one catching his attention more than the others. He stood up and walked to the bathroom. He opened the door and had to brace himself when John’s smell hit him with force. His towel was right there, on the rack by the sink.
was received thirteen seconds later. He also received a text from Martin telling him the jury had accepted the evidence and was on process,
Lita Kelly, you are wonderful. Another chapter edited by her!
Thank you for the kudos and the kind comments!! Make my day!
Sometimes John wondered whether Sherlock’s pockets were kind of magical with all the stuff he carried inside, even if they were all small laboratory supplies. He had been following silently, observing and stopping when requested. He frowned whenever Chloe stopped because they were making a small noise, careful not to trigger the cameras.
wife safe until
“This morning she confessed what happened in New York years ago. She wasn’t the guilty one but she participated with Abby Slaney and was an accomplice, so maybe they’re going to leave her in prison.”
John lifted his eyebrows as if waiting for an explanation. When none came, he just snorted and started to take his phone from his pocket. He tapped on it a few times and placed it on the table.
the best for the job?" Armand's voice echoed in the dark place. He was questioning to a figure in front, somewhere in between many shadows. He was mad, he didn't like to be treated like this, he was a free man, always have been.
Sherlock Holmes (A. Conan Doyle)
Sherlock knew that once Moriarty appeared it would be so he would fulfil his promise. That's why John's words
"Isn't that true?" Sherlock turned his torso a bit, placing his hand on the table.
"Thank you." Sherlock's words were accompanied by a light squeeze on her shoulder and she thinned her lips into a nervous smile, lifting her brows.
"Oh, I would expect no less." Sherlock stretched his back and rested both of his arms at the back of his chair. He placed his left thigh over his right one, his chin dipped down to his chest and he stared up, almost in an insolent gesture.
“Very,” John said. “We did ask the government to eliminate all of our photos from a general search, didn’t we, Sherlock?” he added casually.
received at 04:56.
Once downstairs, he heard Mrs Hudson coming up and smiled to himself.
“Oh no, no. Please. I’m not after the data. I was curious because of the old software structure.” Sherlock made a gesture as if drawing in the air as he spoke. She smiled again. “Excuse me for my rudeness...”
Mycroft released himself with a forced movement of his arm. "Don't think so low of me."
"Wait... Sherlock... you're incredible!" he said opening his eyes and grinning widely.
"John?" The detective was still naked, his erection already fading.
Sent at 5:06
He made his last effort to speak, "Why?" It was all he could manage in a throaty growl; a rather simple but confusing question.
Four. Sherlock pressed the hidden option they had talked about the night before; but when he pressed that key, a high noise could be heard in the phone. Sherlock even had to move it a little away from his ear. The phone went silent again and Sherlock pressed more numbers. After a couple of seconds, a ring was heard at the first floor. Sherlock's lip curved a little upwards, and made a sign to Lestrade and John to follow him.
"Yes, she asked me out for lunch and I said yes."
“Oh…” Sherlock’s eyes opened wide and jumped in glee. “Oh!”
sent at 04:57.
“Shut up. Twenty minutes is more than enough,” Sherlock whispered back. “Remember to call me William.”
“You’re having me on.”
"I am alright... I guess..." Sherlock felt John tossing a little, his right hand coming back to his head and stroking his curls softly. In his still sleepy state, a soft growl escaped his throat at John's action, he snapped his eyes open, surprised at himself.
"That... was... amazing." At the known phrase, John lifted his head to look at Sherlock. They laughed shortly in between the gasps.
"Okay. First. Who was that bloke?" John asked, gulping down.
. That should do it alright.
Lita Kelly, you're a wonderful beta! Thank you so much!
received at 15:20.
"Yes."
**..**
"I have my alarm on."
John giggled with a light head shake. "It was a bloody experiment."
' and again, the knot in his stomach was felt and he closed his eyes for a while, a sigh escaped his lips.
A moment passed in which Sherlock, even with the case right on, couldn’t stop but wonder if John was thinking about what happened this afternoon. He had recalled the feelings of John’s breathing on his neck, of the groan escaping from John’s lips, of John’s hands firm over his chest, the feeling of John’s nose right below his jaw. It was too much. The man in front of him hadn’t stopped looking at him either, so Sherlock looked down at his phone, breathing deliberately slowly.
"John..." the detective breathed in John's ear, rocking his hips, their erections painfully trapped under both of their jeans. "John... I uh..."
“And what… what were they doing?”
He continued his thinking, when he felt how John's fingers started to move in little circles over his inner ankle bone, his little finger was brushing the base of his toe and ran all the way to that bone. After a couple of seconds, John's fingers ghosted by the rest of his feet and started to tap lightly. Then he nailed a bit. After some more minutes, he toyed with the fabric of the border of his trouser and nailed it too. Then he went back to the tapping. It was almost a nervous gesture John had, but he seemed so concentrated on the book that Sherlock knew for sure he wasn't aware of his actions.
John rolled his eyes in an exasperated gesture, getting closer, he did exactly what he had done last night; he supported his left hand at the back of the couch and moved his right hand to Sherlock's face. With a firm grip, as if examining a patient, he shook Sherlock's cheek with the fingers positioned the right way; his thumb right under his lower lip but this time, he used a firm pressure. He was being very careful to leave a considerable space between his face and Sherlock's.
"I lost control then. After that I've been able to handle this but..."
**..**
"Liar." Sherlock said. John frowned.
"Sherlock, get in the shower." John tossed his towel to a side.
Sometimes, John felt his mind playing tricks on him... sometimes he couldn't even believe it was his own mind he was dealing with, for the things it came out with were... frightening and absurdly comical. In a flash, he saw Sherlock making breakfast; tea being served in beakers, toasts being made in a lighter with that pink alcohol beneath, and jam being measured by a pipette over the toasts. Suddenly, phrases from last night's conversations flashed around his head, something about a gland-talk. He couldn't really recall if that was a dream or not, it seemed very real at least. He would have to ask Sherlock about it later. But soon he realized; Sherlock's hair was wet. He felt that very vivid in his fingers... so it
"What do you want to know?" Sherlock took his fork as well and started to eat slowly. He took every piece of the plate carefully, separating the vegetables almost by colours and categories. John peeped and smiled, he always found that incredibly amusing... and childish.
"Are you going to explain?"
"What? Wait…" John stopped and looked at his friend. "Why? How can you tell?" Sherlock lowered his gaze to some spot behind John's head and made a noise with his tongue.
“How long have you waited to announce those words to Abby Slaney?” Martin asked. Outside, the sun had begun to rise and the crickets had started to sing. The beacon lights of the two police cars outside were flashing and one of them was already disappearing in the distance with Miller, DI Lestrade and a distressed Abby Slaney, the sound of the receding sirens deafening on the otherwise quiet manor. Standing next to them, a satisfied Wilson Hargreave was looking pensively after the car that disappeared in the distance.
human."
"Aw, come on, Phil, flirting doesn't suit you... No... Now, send them off. I have a little flirting to do myself. Miss Riley is not that bad after all. I am trusting you with this one."
But that didn't mean it would do them any good if John just knew the deepness of the bond Sherlock had for him. Not for what was coming ahead. It was better if John just didn't know. Moriarty wanted him destroyed and if John knew it should do him no good at all. Sherlock had made up his mind. If he succeeded, things would be different. But you never know with Moriarty.
They talked for about half an hour, John noted how Mycroft tried to elude the topic of Moriarty. He asked more than once, but the man in front was too much. Not in vain Sherlock had repeatedly said Mycroft
"Right." John frowned and pursed his lips pensively. He glanced over at Sherlock quickly and then back to Lestrade. "We'll be there, Greg." He said firmly and quickly as he noted Sherlock was about to say something else. On one hand he was sincerely satisfied that they knew Sherlock was the one solving the case this time; it's not as he was usually recognised publicly for his skills besides his own blog. It was always the Yard doing the work after a solved case, usually taking all the credit. A little bit for Sherlock wasn't bad once in a while.
Sherlock started to walk with a little smile on his face. The wind was strong, it made the coat to move around the detective's long legs, the blue scarf to wave next to his head and some curls to dance freely in the air. Even John's short hair was a mess as well.
"Ah?"
"Nice to meet you," John snorted, "I'll leave you both to talk, then." John walked to the bathroom in Sherlock's room, not even bothered to take a change of clothes. As he was about to enter the bathroom he saw Sherlock now sitting in front of his microscope. John just frowned. "New case?"
“Nope. But I will. Lestrade has someone on a lead right now. And Craig is on another one for a programmer from USA. Just sent him a text some minutes ago.”
Sgt. Donovan stood up and glanced once more at the DI. She sighed deeply and walked to the door.
“We were talking about the cameras,” Sherlock added quickly. He cleared his throat and didn’t look at John in the eye.
As they reached the Tower in which Moriarty had written "Get Sherlock", said detective was pensive inside the cab. He observed John's behaviour and again, he felt trapped. John was letting his guard down, his eyes darted to Sherlock and the detective could read John wanted to ask but he wasn't able to answer. A single conversation crossed his mind, a couple of days ago, in a crime scene regarding the kidnapped banker.
"Yes, I heard you the first time, John."
Craig saved the copy to a hidden folder and put a password on it.
is amazing like, super intelligent."
"Sherlock..." Armand's back stretched forward in the chair, getting even closer to the detective "...you must know, I always, at least try, to get what I want..."
then that's why the detective spent so many hours thinking, John thought.
They were very close now, his noses centimetres from brushing, so he didn't need to talk that loud. "I needed to think, I needed time to myself." John added.
John frowned and forced out a little laugh "Uh-hm... Date. Two people who like each other going out to uh... do something they both enjoy?"
John snorted and shook his head.
He was a little taken aback with Sherlock asking to be... touched –
“You don’t -”
Sherlock faced John and focused in the deep blue eyes of the doctor. He scanned John’s face, but found nothing there that might be of help. John was genuinely worried about him.
'. John felt a knot in his stomach at the memory.
"Good. Now I'm going to call him and you're going to step aside and let him do his bloody job."
"Enough, I believe..." Armand put his hands inside his pockets. He felt uneasy; he was being scanned. Last night with Sherlock he had felt similarly exposed, but that hadn't made him this uncomfortable. A shiver went up his spine at the scrutiny of the man in front. "I just trust him... and I trust Dr. Watson." He added in a smaller voice.
An almost sinister chuckle escaped his throat at the realization; he didn't pay attention on how mad he must sound now for the outsider. Of course, stupid...
John stared at him with a frown, not quite understanding what Sherlock meant. In his mind, those white little letters floated around the man once more, only this time, they showed more questions than answers. The same phrases as before, but now with a couple of phrases from the last case with The Woman;
But he didn't care.
“Yes.” Sherlock got up from his desk and took a few things from the kitchen. He tossed an envelope in John’s lap and came back with enhanced photos of several fingerprints, a few papers with chemical notes on them and another envelope. Right on cue, the doorbell rang and Sherlock sprinted to open the door downstairs, his dressing gown dramatically flapping behind him.
’ and John nodded.
"Why? What for?"
"Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock said with a frown. He knew that voice and soon the realization hit him, he got surprised how his body responded to that, he wasn't used to have a physical reaction from a mere thought, but his stomach felt revolted. He wasn't used to deal with a real person after an experiment, since they usually involved people – or part of those people – whom... just couldn't demand an explanation
, you can go back. I’ll finish here and you can wait for me with the Yarder at the door. I’ll let you do anything you want to me, then.” He shut his mouth abruptly, not trusting himself any longer.
"John?"
There was a long pause. Sherlock could see white little letters floating around the man in front. He really was easy to read.
