Dean feels sick to his stomach, but instead of protesting or telling the john to unlock the doors or maybe finally knocking him out and making a run for it, he asks in a voice that he wills to be not as small as he feels, “So, where exactly are we headed?”
Dean rubs his hand over the warm skin of his neck. “Both of them were good, but… with you, that’s also good. Better.” He clears his throat.
have it now. The holly-jolly, the merry and bright, the goddamn silent night, and I was…” he drifts off for a moment, his gaze flitting away from Castiel and towards the Christmas tree, decked with red and golden baubles and ornaments, one of the most traditionally decorated trees Castiel has ever seen, “I was thinking about how lucky I was. As a kid, I always believed I’d never get anything like this, that not being hungry or-- or being beaten was all I should be asking for for Christmas. That it would be enough. Just Sammy ‘n me, some stolen snacks, a candy cane or two, and badly-wrapped gifts.  And look at me now: hosting a real Christmas dinner for Sammy and everyone else who’s family now, decorating the house that I bought with my own family and that belongs to
It’s a bit insulting, so Dean can’t help the beginnings of a pout both around his lips and in his voice. “No, I am more than aware that there can be a difference between sex and BDSM.”
Dean was glad that Castiel could not possibly see how flaming his cheeks must have been. “That an offer, Cas?” His voice came out much lower than he had been going for, which however seemed well enough.“‘Cause lemme tell you, it it is, I wouldn’t mind showing my savior how thankful I am. How fucking '
Cas’ face goes from shocked to hurt to crestfallen. “Oh, Dean,” he says, so small and soft that it breaks Dean’s heart a bit. “I meant every word of this.”
the thought of all this is what forces Castiel’s hand, what has him hesitate no more. Michael, who would never doubt the child he groomed into what Castiel was before, before the war, before
“Well, that’s why I told you to squeeze my ass, not fuck it.” He makes a displeased sound and shakes his butt from side to side, in a way that probably has him feel the effect he has on Castiel, the one that is straining up against Castiel’s zipper and Dean’s tummy. “Maybe some other time.”
for the other. Because despite his embarrassment, Dean still can’t help but wish he were allowed to press his cock against the palm of Castiel’s hand, grinding into it, maybe getting himself off like this, like a little slut who just needs to rub against some man’s hand to get the inside of his pants sticky. Maybe that’s what Castiel is hoping for, despite their plan.
Castiel sighed, the warmth of the spoken name not just in Dean’s heart but also on his skin. “Do you have any idea what it felt like to see you like that?”
He imagines taking Cas in hand, finding out how much harder and bigger he could get. He thinks about moving forward, between Cas’ spread legs, and to press him against the edge of the tub even more, to claim his lips with his own, to hear Cas moan and to have him touch him in return; he thinks about both of them leaving the tub and repeating their activities in the bedroom, to fall asleep in each other’s arms, to wake up to the promise of  even more kisses and handjobs; to have this every day for the rest of his life. To have Cas
for, and he yelps and yells and feels tears of joy welling up in his eyes as Castiel tongue returns back to where it belongs.
Castiel’s hips jerk into Dean’s, igniting his spine and moving his free hand, letting it dig into Castiel’s shoulder, to ground himself, to get a proper grip, to let Dean thrust up against him in kind, hard cock against hard cock, cotton their only barrier.
one and because they only played for fun, maybe a night or two, elementary stuff like really getting to know Dean and his needs and triggers and giving him fucking
“Are there any rituals that you like to perform before or after a scene? This includes Aftercare as well.”
Yeah, he doesn’t have to impress John by pretending that he likes coffee that much – that he wouldn’t like a hot cocoa, sweet and topped with cream, just like his mom used to make it for him, that much better. The same kind he always wanted to make for Sammy, even though he never did, not exactly like his mom did, because for some reason, he just couldn’t. A reason that he strongly suspects to be his childish selfishness, sadly. But what else is new.
Dean can feel his hands stop wringing and the tension leave his body, and he sighs out and plants his lips against Castiel’s, just with that little more pressure, but still no heat. Castiel makes a quiet, approving sound and lets him, doing nothing more than bumping his forehead against Dean’s.
“What sweater?” Dean asks, eyebrows raised high. He then looks behind Castiel, peering in through the window, without ever taking his hands off Castiel. “Please tell me you don’t mean that ugly-ass orange thing.”
And yeah, Cas is laying it on thick again, almost ridiculously so, and Dean wants to laugh and crack a joke about how impossible Castiel’s words are and whatever else will come to mind just to refute what he said. But what Dean does instead is to blush heavily and to mumble out, “Let’s just say, we can definitely keep my Yes on the list.”
Maybe it is the change in angle from Dean taking Castiel’s hand or maybe it is because holding his hand never fails to calm him down or maybe it is because Dean is stupidly in love with the angel and would give him anything he could ever ask for, but without any discomfort or pain, Castiel suddenly sinks deeper inside of him. Apparently just as surprised at the unexpectedly easy acceptance of his body as Dean is, Castiel gasps and presses his forehead against the back of Dean’s neck, where he can feel him smile.
“No,” Dean hums, and for a moment there, Castiel feels his breath catch in his throat and his mouth go dry, seeing the end of his happiness already on the horizon. And then Dean continues with teasing and warm affection in his voice and a nuzzle to Castiel’s neck, “
Dean glances up upon hearing his name spoken in that low, lovely voice, sounding so worried and close. Castiel is standing in front of his desk, brows furrowed, his trenchcoat already on and his briefcase at the ready, held in one hand. Going by his get-up, it’s obvious that he must be done for the day. A quick look at the clock tells Dean that he should be long done, too.
Cas and Dean are going through their kink list. They decide on a Yes for hand-feeding and roleplaying, whereas food play is not really discussed (but Dean thinks about it), and stuffing, weight gain and consensual roleplay of a non-consensual situation are being dismissed. It is hinted at that there might be a follow-up to weight gain. Dean reacts with anxiety to the discussion of the non-con roleplay and needs some comfort.
it just came a bit out of the blue, and once he slept a night over it, he’s sure he’ll have adjusted. He keeps babbling, thanking Dean for telling him sometime between explaining all about Stanford’s LGBT+ group and asking if there is anyone Dean is interested in. Despite his awkward attempts at saving the conversation, it tapers off quite quickly after that.
Dean files that away for the future: Castiel likes to cuddle after sex, and for more than just five minutes. He’s also just as touchy-feely after as during sex, and he is very much into kissing. Which is nice to think about in general, because despite his hang-ups, Dean enjoys all of these things quite a lot as well, but they also make him wary. Because on the one hand, there must have been many people with whom Castiel has lied entwined just like this, which makes his stomach drop in jealousy and some childish need to feel special, and on the other hand, some guys are just like that on occasion, whenever they feel like it. Sweet on the one day, rough and angry on the other. Dean just hopes Castiel is not like that. That he will still be kind and appreciative of him once he has gotten around to truly using Dean, that he will still not want to call Dean names.
as little as he understands when Dean shamelessly undresses in front of him -- as dim as the light in the tent may be --, just shucking off his clothes, baring himself completely where Castiel couldn’t help but see and then leisurely putting on his night clothes. Castiel stands frozen by the flap of the door, watching for unwelcome visitors who are not to see Dean like this -- a remaint of before, maybe -- and at the same time trying not to look himself, not to let his eyes roam over the becoming body that has lost so much of the softness since he has last seen it, has become harder and only more vulnerable with war and hunger
by the time Castiel returns to the castle, his country is nothing but enraged exclaims and heavy armour. Michael’s smile is proud when he enfolds Castiel in his arms, whispers to him about what a service he has done to his country and how their people can finally be happy now and how Castiel should rejoice for peace won’t be far off now, all their father’s wishes and their own finally coming true, but more than anything, Castiel feels nothing. feels nothing but hollow.
Because then suddenly, Cas’ lips are back where they belong, pressing against Dean’s neck, ever-so-softly, and his whole body arches in to Dean, a dome of warmth and a buzz of clean electricity above him, lightening him up.
Dean concentrates on nothing but the physical sensations. He tries to empty his mind of the anxiety and growing panic. Instead, he returns and listens to the kisses he receives, focuses on how nice Castiel’s fingers feel against his nipples, breathes in tandem with Castiel, deep and slow. It’s enough for his body and mind to relax in Castiel’s hold, for him to enjoy where he is and what he is doing again.
pure and smile. The basest of things, just the thought of, ‘Why do you have what I don’t?’, and as soon as Dean realizes what it is, it’s already gone again.
Because even with a tub of his own, there would be no Castiel coming along with it. No gentle hands that led him into the bathroom and let in the water and prepared it with salts and soaps and that coaxed him into the tub, keeping Dean steady with a sure grip and little caresses along the way.
Dean swallows hard, wishing the boiling heat inside him would stop, but with every second in which Cas’ hands and gaze are still on him, it only seems to grow. It’s terrible, and the most terrible thing of it all is that Cas does indeed seem earnest, true in what he says. As if he means it, that he is not just drunk and horny, but that he does think that Dean could be more than an easy, convenient fuck for him. Because there is nothing but adoration in his gaze, and hope, and it makes Dean crumble, makes him sigh deeply and wanting and just as hopeful.
Castiel’s gaze seems like he wants to share in on Dean’s humour, but can’t quite bring himself to do so yet, not before he has said whatever he thinks needs saying.
“Uhm, oh. Kissing is– awesome. Mhm,” Dean says as enthusiastically as possible, hoping that this was Castiel asking for permission before he will be all over him, kissing him as if both their lives depended on it.
“Ah,” Dean hiccups, and only then does he notice that there’s no lips on his neck anymore, just fingers tracing the skin, and that Castiel is looking down at him with a glint in his eyes. Somehow, Dean knows he must paint a pretty picture: flushed and aroused by his fantasies about the man above him, whose bulge is rubbing against his at a steady yet slow pace now, his eyes fixed attentively on his face.
He nods to himself, giving Dean a moment to take in those words. Not that they are anything new, per se. But for some reason, Dean thinks – as much as Castiel, apparently – that they are worth repeating. Which is good, because it does remind Dean of just who exactly he is with, what their boundaries are and where their foundation lies. Castiel’s words are grounding, reassuring. Which makes Dean nod as well, showing Castiel that he has understood.
“Dean,” Cas sighs out, and he looks troubled. “I find it difficult to think that with you, there might actually be one person in the world who is not completely taken in by your beauty. Not just your looks, as perfect as they are, but also your kind heart and humour, the way you carry yourself, the--”
Dean wants to give him what he wants, even more of his taste, of whatever his Dom could possibly want to taste and touch and feel of him.
The bliss that unfortunately always comes from their encounters and that seeps through both Castiel’s body and soul, tainting both of them, abruptly falls away and is replaced by a sick feeling deep in his stomach. Although Dean is still sprawled out in front of him, his head pillowed on his own arms as he hums, his legs crossed in relaxation and engaged in a slow back and forth, and the undeniable evidence of their transgression drying between his thighs, the mere idea of touching his glistening skin or seeking pleasure in his welcoming body again suddenly sickens Castiel to the core. Concurrently, his immediately surging determination to never have him again leaves him equally as repulsed, with any words to that effect dying ashen on his tongue.
at least, so goes the plan. but when the priest starts speaking the words and begins singing litanies, with Michael and Dean standing right in front of him, waiting to be bound to each other for good, it seems more difficult than before. the guards are many, as are their spears, which are too far-reaching, could easily impale Castiel before he has the chance to do as much as touch a hair on Michael’s head, let alone drive his blade in between his ribs. he’s too far away from the to-be-married couple, too many steps are between him and final peace, and his fingers clench around the hidden hilt, as he clenches his teeth
Dean notices the patient gaze on him, one that must have been resting on him for however long his little inner monologue has lasted. But Novak doesn’t seem annoyed or anything, just as relaxed as before. Still, he gently leads Dean back towards what he originally came for when he asks, “So, what are my appointments for the day?”
“I mean it,” Castiel states instead, not deigning to acknowledge anything Dean has said in the past minute or so.
“I want too much,” Dean murmurs, confesses in the smallest of voices. He’s needy and greedy and selfish – and Castiel has a right to know.
Dean’s anticipation leaps up higher with every step that he makes forward. Yet, he keeps walking, towards that smile and the unerring and tender gaze on him, to his Dom that is waiting on him, pleased and with the promise of joy in his hands.
“Mhmhmm,” is all Dean is able to reply, preferring instead to shuffle more into Castiel’s grip around him and to turn his head, so that his cheek is lying against the curve of Castiel’s neck and his temple at the bolt of his jaw.
Dean whines and feels his blood rushing when his god’s nose softly presses against his glands, and it is then that — for a moment — Dean takes notice of the other worshippers, all staring at him with an equal expression of shock on their faces, their mouths open and some hidden behind hands, and for the first time in his life, Dean can share their feelings.
. The ceremony to mark the end of the year and greet the new one is fast approaching, and with it, he will officially enter his eighteenth year of living. He will be considered an adult and responsible for himself, and of no use for the temple. Because temple servants only stay for longer than they are adults if they fulfill the purpose of any servant of their god Castiel: if they have found a mate. A mate, a patron to donate generous amounts of silver to the temple, to refund the expenses of their servant mate living there, to appease the god and the priestess, to ensure that they may continue their service in Castiel’s name. And indeed, all of the temple servants have a mate to provide for them, and the mates enjoy the prestige that comes from being bound to a sacred worshipper of Castiel. All but one, that is, because no one has ever shown to favour Dean. Which is very little of a surprise, because even outside of the holy grounds, he would be considered undesirable for an Omega, but to have a creature like him dwelling among the beautiful and pure other Omegas that have come to praise Castiel of their own free will makes him into even more of an abomination.
Which is why, any other time, a week or two ago, he might have kept silent about the mesmerizing orange sweater that he only spies by lucky coincidence, when Sam leads all of them to an electronics store next to a small and hidden clothing store.
Enraged and ashamed, he wants to get up and go, cover the proof of his failing with his clothes, and pray for forgiveness. But all he does is keep his eyes shut and his body strung tight, hoping for the onslaught of abuse that he rightly deserves.
Dean makes a soft, needy sound and squirms on top of Castiel in a way that makes it difficult to pinpoint whether the haze in Castiel’s mind stems from the alcohol or the warm proxomity to Dean anymore. Whatever it may be, the confusion about it is not enough to have Castiel move his hands – they stay right where they are, cupping the slightly wiggling and opulent butt, keeping themselves still.
“I believe I have not been the only one who has had enough to do this week.” Castiel puts down his briefcase slowly and then steps around Dean’s desk with that same kind of deliberate movement. He approaches Dean with a sigh and with his arms remaining steadfast by his side, and with his voice all the gentler for it. “In fact, I am convinced that you have done much more than me or anyone else here this last week. All of this while looking as though in turmoil.”
For one moment, Dean forgets all about his doubts and hesitations and about how this couldn’t possibly be true, that there is no former celestial being pressing down on him, no Castiel The Terrible, only
“But aren’t I greedy and deserve punishment?” Dean asks with a warm breath against Castiel’s cheek, his lips wandering higher. He presses a little kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth, just that one. “Don’t you want to give to me what I deserve?”
is specifically the one to take care of both of them now, Dean’s at a bit of a loss. Because Castiel doesn’t want Dean as a lover, that much did he already made clear when he declined his propositions on their way to the precinct, but as what else does he want him? As a child? Why would he go so far for some damn kids he’s only known to exist for a few hours now, opening their home to them and speaking of moving away with them, only so they’re safe? And why, of why, beyond it all, does Dean trust him? Why does he
“Good. And now look back at me.” There’s an edge to his voice that has Dean instantly obeying and trying to look placating and pretty enough for Castiel to be soothed.
It’s easily the softest piece of clothing Dean has ever run the tips of his fingers over, easily the most valuable thing he has ever touched. There’s no label on it, nothing to suggest that it was bought in a store, however upscale a shop would have to be to even offer something as beautiful and precious as this. But it’s also impossible that this was bought at a lesser store or even second-hand, so it–
Dean huffs out a breath. “Huh, uh, yeah, yes, ‘course I do. It’s ‘psychological or physical care either a Dominant or submissive receives after playing in kink, BDSM, or fetish situations’,” he quotes.
Dean can’t keep in his groan as he imagines those marks remaining on his skin until after the next Monday, when he will have to work again, and other people noticing them. Maybe some of them believing something extraordinarily bad must have happened to him; maybe some of them knowing something extraordinarily good must have happened to him. Either way, they might ask and point, make Dean blush even, which would be fine enough by him as long as they don’t touch them. Because they are his to keep and his to enjoy, just as he is for Castiel.
But when Dean looks towards Novak, he doesn’t look impatient at all; he’s still smiling just so, his whole posture relaxed and open, as if he wouldn’t mind waiting for Dean doing something as dumb as ordering his damn food the whole night, as if it’s completely natural for such a simple decision to take forever. It relaxes Dean, too, knowing that Novak wouldn’t belittle him for something like this, making him realize that he hasn’t ever belittled him. (And Dean has been belittled so often already, has been told to take it and suck it up so many times in the past, has made decisions on the spur, without consideration for the decision itself or with consideration from his partners for him, only because they wanted him to, urged him to. And Novak… remains serene, just sits there and keeps his attention on him, waits as if they had all the time in the world.)
And Dean, Dean dares to take the same comfort that his brother does – he presses a little kiss to Sam’s forehead, taking in his slow and quiet breathing, a sure sign of him being alive and safe, and then snuggles himself even deeper into the embrace of the man behind him.
The potatoes have barely even hit the bottom of the cart when Dean decides, “Hey, I forgot something in the bread aisle”, awkwardly waves at Castiel and then in the direction of where the bread aisle may or may not be, and bolts.
“Yeah, right.” It’s so difficult to just accept this, to let Castiel talk and believe it, to not just automatically shut out when it gets to be too much. Because Dean can take compliments like ‘hot’, ‘sexy’, ‘fuckable’ or whatever, even the occasional ‘beautiful’ if it’s in the throes of passion, but not like this, for no reason at all, from a man who’s embracing and praising him after a week that started off so nice and then turned so bad and who’s already making him forget about all of that again. “And what about other people?”
Castiel sighs, but still keeps on petting him. “Then I would kindly ask you not to call me ‘dude’ while I am penetrating you, either.”
To which Castiel, surprisingly enough, nods. Maybe this was something he has expected or something he has had made previous experiences with. “I see. Then let’s return to this later. Maybe, for now, could you tell me if there is something I can do for you? Something you could want that will help you feel better? Just anything you would want me to do?”
Castiel’s arms are slung around Dean’s shoulders before he has even made the conscious decision to do so. Simple kisses would not suffice; he needs to be as close to him as is possible, as close as he can get aside from entering him, which he could not do right now.
The calling of his name seems to snap Dean back from wherever his mind has wandered off to. Which is good in principle, but it also means that he blinks and flounders and takes a hasty step back, eyes wide and framed by the pink.
He shuffles off the couch, his clothing in a tight grip, and smiles weakly back at Castiel, who seems a bit dumbfounded. “So, I guess I’ll just.” Dean gesticulates towards his sticky and marked up tummy, and just like that, he feels self-conscious about the soft pudge of it again. He moves to carry his clothes in front of it, being careful not to let the fabric touch the come. Castiel watches him attentively. “Y’know?”
(and this might very well be true, Castiel supposes. with what is left of Dean’s country being too weak and starving to fight, and with him nothing but a beautiful child that has not yet learned how to conduct a war, they stand no chance. they will fall, sooner or later. and Michael, after it’s almost ‘later’ already, decides that it is too soon and yet not late enough)
“Dean,” Castiel just rumbles out in reply, but he doesn’t sound put out or dejected or anything at all, maybe a tad sleepy. Maybe even pleased. He turns around where he sits, his face still sleep-dumb and his eyes blinking so slowly, they might as well stay closed for another nap, but there’s no trace of anything bad-meaning on his features. He doesn’t look like he wants to shoo Dean out of bed and out of his life – instead, there’s a slow smile spreading on his lips as he takes Dean in, his body that’s still covered by the blanket and the pajama Castiel lent him, all of him probably looking just as warm and messy as Castiel does. Castiel also takes in Dean face, still twisted in anxiety. And frowns at that.
And as arrogant it sounds, Dean feels, for some reason, that the it’s not Castiel’s over-confidence in
Castiel almost looks like a little boy at those words, at this little necessary interlude and confirmation. Then, he nods a few times, and with every nod, he loses a bit of his boyish charm and becomes more like before again, like a strict and fair Dom, someone who knows himself and how to take care of a willing submissive like Dean.
Because like this, Dean can feel that Castiel is just as affected by their little planning as he is, what with his hard and apparently deliciously thick erection rubbing against Dean’s through the fabrics of their pants. Even better, Castiel has perfect access to Dean’s mouth and Dean’s to his, and it’s so easy to open it just enough for the tip of Castiel’s tongue to slip in and to invade it even further. For Castiel to compel it to open with lips that won’t stop pressing against Dean’s, welcoming itself in, and with a tongue that just licks deeper and deeper, swallows his moans, swallows his begging, just takes what Dean has already consented to give.
Dean gasps immediately and sucks his belly in, and Cas’ gaze sweeps up to him, assessing and patient. His fingers remain where they are, playing with the hem of his shirt, teasing under it with the tips of his fingers, and despite how awkward and tense Dean feels right now, he still can see how Cas’ eyes blossom into black that bit more, darken in heady promise.
Dean cuts in, sharper than he wants to, and hides his face at the juncture of Castiel’s neck and shoulders. His breathing is heavy, for some reason, and he closes his eyes. “Please. Don’t.”
“The precinct,” he replies, slips a hand into the pocket of his jacket and, without looking away from the road even once again, presents Dean with his badge.
“Then, I would like to slowly undress you and kiss all over your body.” Castiel’s throat clicks wetly as he swallows. “You are not allowed to touch me and not to move unless explicitly told you, which I won’t. And you will obey. Because I want you to be still because I told you to be, not because I bound you or shackled you to the posts of my bed. Which I plan to do another time.” The small nod that he lets his words follow make his dress shirt rub against Dean’s, makes it harder to breathe. “But as much as I want you to be still, I wouldn’t want you to be quiet. I want to hear exactly if you like what I do, I want to hear you enjoy yourself. I want you to moan and beg for me.”
. A bit. Cas is sporting more of a chubby than anything, really, but it’s undeniable that his cock is not soft and easily swaying, but that there is a stiffness to it that makes it defy the water just so. That makes it look even better, even bigger, and it almost feels like it might have grown just a bit ever since Dean has started looking his fill.
and it’s in the moment after, when Dean drops his gaze again, away from both Castiel and Michael, towards his lavish, loveless shoes, that Castiel finally takes that one last step. quickly and too close to his brother, so close that he can smell his sweat and surprise and malice, but no distrust yet, and he plunges his blade deeply, unhesitatingly into where any other person would have a heart.
He slumps against the wall after, somewhat ashamed and yet not ashamed enough to not give in to his fantasy one more time and to lick his own come off the wall, lick it clean.
Castiel says, and it’s sharper this time, clearer in a strange way, as if Castiel is trying to make Dean’s name as much as every syllable that will follow count. It has Dean immediately turn his gaze towards him and sit up straighter, suddenly feeling like he should cut the bullshit immediately. “What is your colour?”
Because Castiel is right, of course. They need to talk about this, define it on their own terms. They would have to if they were in a ‘real’ relationship – which they are definitely not –, but even more so when they are boss and personal assistant as much as Dom and sub. What innocent touches might be okay during play could be entirely unwanted or inappropriate outside of that. Whatever words might be uttered could lose their meaning as soon as the power exchange ends. Just because Dean wants to be close to Castiel and kiss him right now doesn’t mean Castiel wants the same – now or anytime outside of play.
you to be more careful. I know you want to help me, but,” he enunciates each word as clearly and soberly as he can while his hands slip even lower, no trace of subtlety left. Without much thought, he finally strokes over the whole rounded expanse of Dean’s butt, enjoying the soft give and hinted-at muscles of it, and cups it.
“Dean,” Castiel replies, smooth and reassuring. Because maybe he wants to make use of his knowledge about Dean when it comes to certain things, like how much he likes to be touched, especially at his well-rounded behind, he doesn’t want him to feel unsure or confused. He must already be, going by his behaviour the last few days, and Castiel doesn’t intend to take advantage of his insecurity in this situation, but of the pleasure of it. Because Castiel can get what he wants and still make Dean feel good about it and about himself.
Dean is a servant in the temple of Castiel, a god who has been blessing and watching over the mountain and the valleys at its foot for centuries; he’s a benevolent deity who, in return, demands nothing but a humble temple and a handful of worshippers in his name. All of these worshippers are Omegas and tend to come from renowned families who offer their children as a sign of their deference to their god and of that they are affluent enough to let one of their children go instead of setting them to work or marrying them off to any generously paying Alpha.
“We shouldn’t do this right now.” The admission seems to take a lot out of Castiel; he almost sounds pained as he speaks.
Knowing that nothing bad will happen, Dean smiles a little smile of his own, nuzzles his nose into Castiel’s neck and lets his sleepy eyes fall shut.
“Alright,” Castiel says, simple as that, skin around his eyes crinkled, and it makes him look even prettier, and more grown-up and somehow even more reliable than even his uniform. “I will do whatever you want me to do,” Castiel promises, squatting and smiling in front of Dean still, and Dean feels a burden leave his shoulder, feels his back not quite straight but not as crooked anymore, because for some stupid reason –
“That’s good.” Castiel rewards him with a kiss to his forehead, and even though this simple gesture seems to be lacking in any sexual intention, it makes Dean feel all warm inside. “And how did you feel before? Can you maybe try to put it into words for me now?”
they part ways few days after; in order to make it easier on him and to make him more believable, Castiel should probably have Dean beaten up and look like he was actually abducted. instead, Castiel gives him his finest clothes and grooms him one last time, making him look like a proud Prince returning, not a liar crawling out of the woodwork. they don’t touch and don’t look at each other during their farewell, and Castiel’s heart aches when they have to leave Dean all by himself by the roadside
Dean blows out a breath. “Look, I just... wanna be a bit fitter, alright? More muscle, less fit, run a bit faster. That kinda thing.“
“I couldn’t stop it from being sent to you. No, wait. That’s a lie,” Castiel immediately corrects himself, and Dean tenses even more for a moment, blinks at him with conflicted eyes. “I probably could have stopped it from being sent to you. But as a matter of truth, I wanted you to see.”
Amazingly and just as hoped for, Castiel doesn’t react badly to his calling of Yellow. He immediately pulls away, or tries to at least, because Dean whines and feels his tremble revive when he does, and Castiel must pick up on it because he stays where he is, not pressed all up against Dean but also not out of reach, still in contact with him.
That’s the difference Dean has clung to, deeply believed in despite it all. Hoping that Castiel will return to him, regardless of how he was never truly gone. Knowing that he would come to fix it. And he did – Dean’s faith in him was not for nothing. His lack of presence was not a lack of care, after all.
There’s silence. Inside Officer Novak’s office, and the voices and low-key mumbling outside have ceased as well.
“Can you let me up?” Dean wiggles a bit to further illustrate by how he’s completely covered by Castiel’s warm and heavy body and how he couldn’t just roll out from under him. All of which, Dean supposes, feels nice in its own way.
Dean considers him in a long silence and in nothing but the weak shine of the oil lamp, his eyes thoughtful, distraught, but not surprised. and how could he be, after he had opted to do the same, after all? their intentions were much the same -- Dean with too much to care for, so that he would give his own life; Castiel with too little to care for except one thing, so that he would give his own life -- and yet, neither had expected the other. couldn’t have. and still, Castiel is certain that, as much as he didn’t, Dean didn’t feel alone back there, in front of the priest, facing not just a clerk, but death. and not fearful. despite not knowing they did, they trusted each other, drew courage from it, and then acted
Castiel watches the messengers head out with eyes that sting after a sleepless night, and he only goes to bed afterwards because he knows that all he can do is wait now. that despite his clumsy, straightforward plan, formed between the last heat of the fire place and the first light of the day, he won’t have anything to do until Dean is here, until he has seen him once more, maybe one last time. he craves that much, owes Dean that much
(maybe he owes Dean to never have him see his face again, but he isn’t sure, tries to convince himself that this is the right path to take. much more than what is being said about Dean, the true coward is Castiel. like a princess from some trembling, heedless tale, he doesn’t dare to act without his beloved’s blessing, or at least without a last glance upon him. the first angel of many on the journey that he will be send onto soon enough)
The loud puffing and rustling sounds immediately die down at that, bring with them a long, stretched-out silence.
How many times has his drops been out of shame for what he has allowed to be done to him and how many times for out of utter humiliation for what he has allowed himself to
Dean thought in a moment of stupidity, incapable of not enjoying their unexpected proximity, Castiel’s hands and breath on his body. He wished they could stay like that forever, close and under cover of darkness, nothing but the two of them.
Dean couldn’t even tell whether he’d want him to keep going or not. Whether he’d prefer for Castiel to continue his sweet torture or to not stray from the path he is finally beginning to take right now, kissing a line down Dean’s sternum until he reaches the top of his pudgy and full tummy, and going lower still.
and he considers, for a moment, that maybe he should wait. wait until Dean and Michael are married and feasting again -- but that is,
His bared teeth seem barely more than an idle threat; something seen too often to be taken seriously anymore. Even more so when there are still images of a different, more delicate nature clinging to the sight of those teeth: them nipping at Castiel’s fingers as a plea, them sinking into Dean’s bottom lip as he tries to keep his lovely sounds in, them hidden from view and carefully tucked away as Dean takes Castiel’s cock into his mouth, swallowing him down right to the knot and with little finesse.
Castiel holds his gaze while Dean internally resigns and simply settles on the conclusion that there isn’t much he’s able to do, that he will just let Castiel do as he wants to.
After that, they do nothing but sit in silence for a few moments, first having to process their achy, tired bodies and that
“Hum, yeah,” Dean murmurs, pushing his butt back just a little, enough for the tips of Castiel’s fingers to brush over it again, all of his face open and lazy and flushed. He seems almost not fully there. “And I need y– need you to be happy.”
Dean swallows again, and he feels a tremble run through his body, making it move just so, not enough for Castiel to get angry over it or call him disobedient, yet still enough for Castiel to take in the soft shudder of his limbs, only keeping up for a few moments. Castiel then lets his hand slide up, cups Dean’s cheeks and looks him deep in the eyes.
They don’t do so much as stir when Dean waddles off the bed, taking great care not to accidentally step or fall on them, and then he makes his hesitant way to where he knows – thanks to Castiel’s little tour the evening before – where the kitchen is.
The lady sighs, but not in annoyance, but in what must be resignation, maybe hope. “I will see what I can do.”
“But it was already difficult to, ah,” Castiel actually pauses at that, blinking away from Dean for the duration of his little pause, and when he looks back at Dean, there’s a soft red hue to his cheeks, “to leave our embrace.” And Christ, Dean joins him in his blushing at that, mortified. He doesn’t even want to know what their
“That’s right, your reward. Because you wanted to show me how much you can take, and you did. Because you were honest with me about your desires when we talked about any of this, which is the only thing that allowed us to be where we are right now. Because you entrusted yourself into my hands and had me enjoy myself due to the pleasure of having such faith put in me and also due to the beautiful picture that you painted.” Dean can hear the wet sound of Castiel licking his lips. “I can assure you that the image of you on my lap, counting out the numbers and looking so gorgeous for me while I am allowed to spank your perfect behind is something I will forever cherish.”
Why exactly he is crying and shaking, he couldn’t say. All that he knows is that there’s the pain from his ass and the arousing reassurance from Castiel’s hand on his neck and the warmth at those words that mixes with the heat, melting whatever was leaving him old and aching inside and flowing away.
to me. Because you are so pure and beautiful that it is already sinful again, and it had been impossible right from the beginning, ever since I first laid eyes and hands on you, that I could not have wanted you, that I could not have fallen for you in every way imagineable.”
“N-no. Keep– going. Not with the plan, but with what you’re doing. What you wanna do.” Castiel still looks one second away from keeping up the teasing, but Dean can’t have that. “Lick me out like you promised to, sir. Make me come on your tongue and then come all over me. Please,
At least he wasn’t rough with Dean. When they were still in the car and on their way to the precinct, Dean offered for him to do whatever he wanted to with him in exchange for letting him go. But Officer Novak didn’t take him up on it, as much as he didn’t strike or threaten Dean for even suggesting such a thing. Wouldn’t have been the first time Dean would have gone through that; not the first time a cop got his hands on him and
Dean grunted as he fell back against Castiel, who only tightened his grip to keep Dean in a weird kind of embrace.
Which turned out alright, even if not overwhelmingly so. It was obvious that Castiel tried his hands on a very elaborate meal, but even with all the right ingredients and cookbook, his lack of cooking skills showed in the end. The food was still good and thankfully healthy and the few burnt pieces of meat were almost not apparent at all. And really, the fresh assortment of berries and molten chocolate (of which Dean allowed himself a tiny bit) made sure that Dean could only ever remember this meal favourably.
Her smirk is all smugness and self-confidence, and Dean can’t say she isn’t right, that she doesn’t have them by the balls with their burgers. Among other things. Because despite being a little brat sometimes, Jo has got a quick wit and a sharp tongue and Dean finds himself having fun arguing with her, and he genuinely likes spending time at the Roadhouse. Which also means that Dean has to defend both Castiel and his honour by sassing her in return. But right as he is about to try to come up with a comeback, Castiel cuts in.
Suddenly finding himself winded, Dean could do nothing but stay where he was, Castiel’s arms around his chest and his face burrowed in his neck.
“Castiel. Sir. I–” His panting is heavy and his voice is dipped low and he knows he must sound like a slut, and even though Castiel would reprimand him for his thought, Dean knows it’s true. His dripping cock would certainly agree, as would the ruined sofa cover. “I can’t. It’s too much. It’s–
“I see,” Novak simply says, neutrally and in a way that suggests that the topic is now politely dropped with this. It should appear dismissive, but with how sharply his gaze still remains on Dean, all his attention focused on him and ready to take in every word Dean might utter, it feels much more likely that Novak has understood Dean or come to his own conclusion about his senseless behaviour, has filed it away in a mental folder with Dean’s name written on it.
Christ. All Dean was going for was a guy who would tie him up and spank him every other weekend, not thoughts like this, of being eaten out and thoroughly pleased by his dorky and dominant boss who wants to serve him breakfast in bed the morning after.
“I adore you,” Cas says, and Dean feels just as disbelieving and undeserving of these three little words as before, and they are so out of place with what Dean has expected. But that doesn’t keep Cas from going. “All that is still left of me, whether grace or soul or the body that is now mine, aches for you. Screams out for me to heed the bond that we share, to achieve unity with you in whatever way you grant me.”
“Who asked you to do what you do?” Officer Novak asks in return, voice so fucking soft and soothing, it make Dean even madder. He’s not some unreasonable, angry teenager, he’s the son of a hero and the brother to a child. Not some small-time whore who wants new shoes. “Who asked you to risk your body and life on the streets? I could have been a serial killer for all you know, I could have seriously hurt you, and you seem more upset by me being police than a potential murderer. I don’t know why you do this or for whom, but I can’t imagine that either you nor anyone who cares about you could ever want this for you.” He doesn’t sound soothing anymore; pissed, more like.
Dean feels like crying and like coming at the same time; like doing anything that will bring this man yet even closer to himself. So, he sticks to the truth that he is always rewarded for and draws little circles with his hips, enticing Castiel to do the same with an unreadable and still coloured face.
“Hold onto me as much as you can,” Castiel says and lets his hand wander lower, from Dean’s chest towards his waist, where he grabs him. “I have to turn you around in order to have us chest-to-chest, which will allow us to take on the position I just suggested.”
His hard work at his father Bobby’s office has finally paid off, and he has begun working at Sandover, claiming the position of a personal assistant to Castiel Novak, who is rumored to become CEO within the next five to ten years. As of now, Dean is under his direct command and sees him from early in the morning until late at night, if Novak attends some last-minute meetings or networking drinks again. Even though Dean was afraid he’d hate working somewhere that’s not Bobby’s, he has actually soon started to love his job and considers it to be demanding yet rewarding.
“You don’t want enough,” Castiel counters, and he sounds so sure about it, “or you do, but you don’t allow yourself to.”
They walk down the street, towards where it’s even darker and lonelier, and Dean knows he should turn around and
Because as he groans with an acute sense of loss and rolls onto his side to sit up and take in more than his bleary eyes can spot at first glance, he suddenly becomes aware of the slumped figure sitting on the edge of the bed, head in his hands and his back turned towards Dean. He looks dejected from the back, the very picture of regret.
“Probably even more so,” Castiel confides when he lays one of his cheeks against Dean’s butt cheek, rubbing against it so incrementally, Dean isn’t even sure he even realizes he’s doing it. It’s a strange thing to do, after all. Generally speaking, but also given their situation. Too intimate.
“I know you do.” Castiel sways that bit closer, back into a space that Dean is now happy to leave to him, where their warmths mingle and share. “I know you
For some reason, he has a hard time gauging just how far he is allowed to go with Castiel, in terms of intimacy, unless Castiel is the one to initiate their contact. Because he might be allowed to suck Castiel off if he asked to, but would he also be allowed to hold his hand while he did?
they flee for however long it takes, until they reach a campsite that doesn’t look familiar, that is shrouded in colours and linen that are not of this kingdom, and Dean grins at him through the darkness, victorious and beautiful, and without hesitation, leads him right into it, to the fire
a two days’ mercy. two days of preparation, of mustering up, for Castiel now. he has seen Dean, will see him once more at the banquet
He pulls away from Dean as he feels his own kisses to grow headier while Dean’s stay the same, without heat or hurry, and places his forehead against his to calm himself. In careful measures, he inhales and exhales again, willing his body and heart to be satisfied with this merely level of physicality without urging for more.
And when Cas works his index fingers between the two cocks and presses it up and down, massaging the sensitive organs almost painfully, he confesses, “Once I understood that I wanted to take you to bed, I thought my longing was shameful and debauched, that someone as full of light and goodness and purity as you are could only ever by sullied by the touch of the likes of me.”
“Okay,” Dean repeats, cheeks warmed by the sight of Castiel and Castiel’s attempt to catch a glimpse of Dean’s body, too.
“Oh, you know,” Dean speaks around the lump in his throat, and he doesn’t even know whether his thoughts are ridiculous anymore or whether they are simply true. “Wouldn’t wanna actually
“Cas,” Dean whispers as one of his hands comes up to clutch at the arm that is lifted to reach his face, and as his fingers close around Castiel’s wrist, it’s not to push him away but to pull him further in with gentle tugging. “Please.”
Any way that does not include the words ‘enjoy’, ‘invite’ or ‘lovely’, and especially nothing that implies that whatever they do is tender lovemaking and that Dean is some beautiful soul who is making Castiel the greatest gift on earth by allowing him to fuck him gently for hours. Although, truth be told, Dean does not necessarily
“Don’t call me that,” Castiel cuts in, feeling his brow furrow in anger and deep-seated distaste. “I’ve told you countless times not to call me ‘padre’ when we’re like this, when we’re still–” he makes a sound of frustration, roughly pointing to their unambiguous forms. “Don’t mock me as a priest when our bodies meet as men, don’t...” He squeezes his eyes shut against the unbearable moonlight and the sight of his lover. “Don’t take my last claim of consecration from me.”
“Like what, Dean? Please, do tell me. Because from my point of view, you have felt lonely and sad because I have failed to ascertain that all of your needs are met, and I didn’t even become aware of it until I almost went home for the weekend and left you alone for even longer with it. This is not blame that falls on you, but on me.”
And in the next moment, his one arm becomes almost painfull tight around Dean’s waist, whereas the other is suddenly reaching under Dean, sneaking in beneath his butt, and then pulling him in, heaving him up, right along with Castiel, who’s labouredly getting up, taking Dean with him.
And right when Dean wants to protest, when he wants to apologize, that Cas rapidly moves his hand and fucks into his fist, almost painfully against Dean’s aching and throbbing cock, and he promises, in a whisper and in the filthiest voice possible,
“I am not concerned about myself, but about you. And not just from a professional point of view, but also because it is hard for me to gauge just how stable you are right now and how good of an idea this is. Especially given this, it would be much more prudent to do this at a safe and private place where both of us will be able to rest and take care of one another.”
“So much more, Dean,” Castiel whispers, sounding strangled, and then he cups Dean’s flaming butt cheeks with both his hands and presses a soft kiss to the back of Dean’s trembling neck.
Dean pleads, and he feels his eyes sting with tears. Because it’s too much and he knows that Cas couldn’t possibly be genuine, that he’s only saying all that shit because he is drunk, making Dean hope for something he will never get and something he will never hear sober.
Dean can feel Castiel’s dick twitching against Dean’s, even though there’s no wandering hands and no rutting, just those simple little kisses that end in sighs and easy breaths. Dean adores the sensation of Castiel chubbing up from just this, that he needs nothing more, seemingly not even a quick retreat into more steamy fantasies, for him to react to Dean.
package hidden in his pants. Dean allows himself to stare for a moment, strangely flattered by the effect their little kissing session has had and still has on Cas. The effect
a lot. It’s actually rather flattering that Dean got someone like Castiel so riled up, just by – by being how and who he is, basically.
Officer Novak simply nods, as if his answers hadn’t been certified and proven bullshit. “And your age?”
“What’s right in front of me, huh?” Castiel reiterated thoughtfully, one of his thumbs tracing the line of Dean’s jaw and his lips.
Dean clenches his hands into fists. Castiel’s gaze flits briefly towards them, then back at Dean’s face.
But instead of sharing the bowl like any proper adults would, there’s that warmth growing in Dean’s belly again, turning him as playful and ridiculous as Castiel suddenly is as well.
A wave of embarrassment washes over Dean. He must make an unappealing picture, in his probably sweaty smelling dress shirt and with dark circles under his eyes and with all of his clothing and hair rumpled and ready to be washed. His only saving grace is the beautiful green tie around his neck, and that’s only because it has been given to him, because something as beautiful and valuable came from the very man Dean is meeting. Dean couldn’t ever possess something like that by himself.
about Dean when he isn’t by his side, and not only that, he also thinks his fantasies through enough for him to come to the conclusion that acting them out will come with consequences that he needs to prepare for, like an aching butt. It’s unexpectedly... sweet. That Castiel seems to jerk off to fantasies starring him and that even then, he doesn’t let go of his Dom persona -- or more like, Dom nature. He still cares.
“Good boy,” Castiel all but purrs above him and gives his head some more caresses. “So pliant for me.”
“You taste lovely,” Castiel confesses, voice muffled between Dean’s cheeks, and he licks right up over Dean’s rim again, a sloppy stroke that comes along with a happy sigh. “And you react so beautifully. You
And yet, Dean can’t quite shake off the feeling that maybe, just maybe and just this time, Castiel would have liked to come and see his place, too. As, despite having known each other for more than half a year, Castiel has never been to Dean’s apartment before. And even now that they have gotten down and dirty, it somehow still feels weird to consider giving Castiel access to his living space; to his treadmill and to his books about either management or cooking or romance and to his sparse bedroom, with the big, clean bed and the tidy wardrobe.
at least, if only for a night. Maybe being drunk and horny enough and having the lights dimmed makes forgetting about Dean’s not-so-perfect body easy enough. It never made him feel hot or even
pleasure, but also Castiel’s. Also Castiel’s cock grazing his thighs and balls through the fabric every now and then, a reminder of his unfulfilled longing. And Castiel’s lips and the corners of his mouth, slick with Dean’s come.
Yet, he seems to finally understand what Dean wants when Dean fumbles with his shirt and his pants, trying to rid him off of them. Castiel helps him undress him, despite the awkward angles both of them must take to get Castiel’s clothes off without shoving Dean off. It’s worth it for the sight of the bare and sweat-slick skin beneath Dean, for the obvious sign of Castiel’s arousal curved up and hard against his belly.
He tries not to think about it as he sheds the last of his clothing at last, the pants of his pajama and his briefs soon folded and set before him. Because he knows that what is happening right now isn’t about that, not about why he isn’t too keen on showing off all of his body by the light of day instead of the lazy and dark buzz of the night. No, this is about what Castiel commanded him to do, what Castiel wants to see. If he tells Dean to undress and put on a robe, Dean obeys. Should he tell Dean to put off the robe again and openly display his body to him, then that is something he will do, too. If Castiel tells him that he wants to see his body, then Dean has to believe that he does want to see it. There’s no room for anything else here, not for Dean’s doubts nor his resistance -- only for Castiel’s commands.
Castiel furrows his brows and tilts his head as much as his position allows him to, as if to ask Dean in return ‘What are
“Alright, Dean. I will stay here,” Castiel soothes, so close to Dean’s ear. “What is it that you would like me to do now, sweet boy? What’s the matter? You can tell me anything you like. I won’t think less of you and I will do exactly as you say.”
He actually curls his fingers into air quotes as he talks, and Dean dies a little on the inside. He already knew that Castiel is a huge dork, of course, from months of working and eating lunch together, but the contrast between the guy who ate him out and spanked him just last night because he dared move without his permission and between this grumpy, air-quote guy is so stark, it’s almost ridiculous.
“Cas– Castiel,” breathes right back, and then seeks out the desperate presses of lips and insistent licks of Castiel’s tongue again. There’s too much glorious heat to enjoy, too much of it almost, and Dean can’t put his finger on why that bit of kissing is already making his head swim, why the way Castiel’s hands are roaming his body, his nipples and his tummy, and not even the bulge pressing up against his zipper, are making him feel so dizzy, so overcome with helpless and overwhelming arousal.
Cas frowns at him when Dean only eats half of the meal he cooked for him for their Friday dinner, and that frown only deepens when he brings out the pecan pie he made just for Dean, only to have him decline. In the end, Dean lets himself get talked into sharing one piece with Cas at least, and when Cas takes firm hold of the fork and practically feeds ninety percent of the pie to Dean with a slow, indulgent smile, Dean should probably be annoyed or pissed or anything, but instead, all he feels is
Dean licks his lips in embarrassment and tries to ignore the heat seeping into his cheeks. “You sure know how to sweet-talk a guy. Never before heard anything about ‘always’ touching me being something you think of.”
“Yeah, no, I get it,” Dean says hastily. “No deep contemplations about last night or whatever, just the usual ‘I hate waking up, why am I even alive’ spiel. Got it.”
Dean whimpers and pants, his gaze plastered to Castiel’s hair and face and especially those lips, still hovering around his helpless erection. He knows he can’t reject all that praise in any way, and it’s
First, he tries to reel away from the sensation of warm and wet lips against his hole, but when he pulls away, Castiel’s hand grab his hips and sides and pull him back, pull him
Neither of them seems to be bothered by this, though, so their slow kind of kissing is all they keep to for the first few minutes, just exploring each other’s lips with their own and finding new and
“Your voice always sounds so pleasant. No, more than that. Absurdly enticing, if I’m honest.” Castiel nods and hums just so, and Dean thinks that if his voice already is enticing, then Castiel’s must be nothing but a siren’s song. “But even more so like this, without confines, with no one else around to listen to it but me,” he strokes over Dean’s bare and wetted chest, “and while having the opportunity to not just hear, but also feel you speaking.” The hand not resting on Dean’s crotch hand works its way up higher, past Dean’s nipples and up to where his throat lies open, exposed to the flat palm stroking over it. Not pressing, just exploring, as gently and non-threatening and nonetheless proving his point as everything else Castiel’s done.
“I’m rather thankful for it,” Castiel simply replies. Apparently, he either hasn’t picked up on Dean’s tone of voice or doesn’t give it any thought, because he doesn’t even look at Dean or ask any dumb questions when Dean still stands frozen. All he does is shuffle into the kitchen, feet warm in his bee slippers, eyes bleary and his finger on the coffee machine as soon as he reaches it.
“We are going through our list for this exact reason. So that we know what we want to do and what we will avoid at all costs. You’re safe and the thing we discussed and rejected a few minutes ago will never become part of our scenes, our arrangement or us,” Castiel explains, so fucking caring that, for the strangest of reasons, it reminds Dean of when he was six and just started school and thought he was a big boy. But then there was this thunderstorm that one night and he was so scared, all alone in his bed, and then, like an angel, his mom Jody came in, said nothing save for some soothing noises, cradled him to her chest and carried him into his parents’ bed, right next to his dad Bobby and his little sister Charlie, who was already there.
Dean can hear him try to sound unaffected, but there’s a soft downward slant to his eyes as much as the corners of his mouth as he speaks, and it’s clear that despite it all, Dean can’t just expect Castiel to look inside his head and see for himself. He needs to tell him about how much he liked what they did together, that there are things he would like to do even more of and that he generally would love nothing more than a repeat performance of last night. Many of those.
It makes Dean whimper in his arousal and the reality of it all, and it must be this whimper that softens Cas just that bit, that has him pull away from Dean’s lips for one painful moment, to breathe and stare at Dean, who stares back, green and blue.
Castiel doesn’t, though. Not right away, that is. He lets his lips wander up to Dean’s ear where they caress the soft shell of it in easy brushes and tiny pecks. “Your color?”
This is not true for Dean, though; his whole family burnt alongside his home, and he only entered the temple because the priestess was kind enough to take in an Omega so young that he had just presented, instead of condemning him to serve the travelers and farmers in the Red House no one pretends to know of.
It’s a sweet moment of respite, one that allows Dean to just take some deep breaths, inhaling the scent of Castiel and feeling the warmth that seeps through his shirt and into Dean’s bare skin. And as Dean is filled with nothing but warmth and calmness, the frenzied need to come abating at last and being replaced by an arousal that is less desperate and yet anticipatory in the best of ways, Dean can’t help but press a light kiss of his own to where Castiel’s shoulder and chest transition.
Castiel shakes his head, weakly and mindful of not hitting their heads against each other. “You’re not a bad boy, not for this.”
Dean leans forward a bit, and he can see that the six boxes are in fact for only three of the rows and set in two different columns. On top of both columns is something written in red ink, and only now does Dean get what they are and what they are for: on top of the columns are their names, written in Castiel’s familiar scrawl, and the rows are kinks or whatever else there might be. Kissing, Spanking, Comeplay, all three of them ticked with small smiley faces in the boxes. Showing their preferences, their approval – of not just Castiel and what he wants, but also of Dean. Of what
“Yeah,” Dean says, throat tight and insides churning, but his feet moving along nonetheless. “I gotcha.”
“My reward,” Dean mumbles out, hoping that his words will be both loud and clear enough for Castiel to understand because somehow, he can’t muster up the energy to speak up. It might be because his body is hurting and everything inside of him should logically tell him to get away from the one responsible for that, the perpetrator, the one who brought him pain. Whereas what he actually feels is the need to have Castiel even closer, to have his hands on him until the end of time, covering his body and every aching part of him.
Just to make sure Dean won’t hurt himself – and because Castiel wants to – he safely cradles Dean against his chest, both arms around him and his hands resting low on the small of Dean’s back.
So instead, Dean just silently watches as Castiel lets the honey drip from one coffee spoon into his own mug – one spoonful – and then into the sunny one – three spoonfuls –, then stirs the honey into the liquid.
“Okay then,” is all Dean replies to that, because what else is he even supposed to say? That he, in turn, won’t hurt Castiel? He already knows that this is not a thing that would ever happen – that it would be in fact almost impressive if he could even manage to do that. “What else have you got on your list?”
“What? Dean, I don’t–” Castiel tries to catch Dean’s gaze again, but Dean refuses to, deliberately turns his head and eyes away, and Castiel allows him to, for the time being. “Dean, I currently don’t sleep with other people, and I don’t intend to. I know we haven’t yet discussed about whether we are exclusive or not, but I personally enjoy to focus all of my energy and attention on my current play partner, not anyone else. Least of all business partners of Sandover. And Balthazar – Mr. Roche –, he’s also an old friend from college. This isn’t the first time we have done business together, but neither of us has ever tried to or wished to move beyond any of this. I am not interested in him and he is not interested in me, regardless of how much he likes to flirt with anyone and,” he furrows his brow, “annoy me with things that are none of his business.”
“You may taste me all you want, Dean, as I will do the same to you. I have thought about this so often, and I want to,
“At the same time, I am not certain I could stop touching you, even if I wished to,” Castiel says while sucking a mark into the skin of Dean’s throat, and then another. And another. He finally seems to have given in to their purpose of being there; intent on replacing the necktie.
Dean cuts himself off, his orgasm rendering him completely silent as it overcomes him, all of his body tensing up, taut in Castiel’s grip and around his cock.
And Cas swallows each of Dean’s little moans and pleas, kissing him in fast succession when he is the one who can’t but moan and call out for Dean.
And Castiel. Right there, he sits on the edge of the sofa, his back straight and his hands as open as his face, with his gaze directed without hesitation or shyness at Dean, as Dean steps inside.
“Yellow,” Dean answers, honest before he can think too much on it. Because Yellow is not Red. It’s not telling Castiel off or denying Castiel his pleasure -- it’s just asking him to slow down a bit or take a different approach. Dean is sure that Castiel won’t think him a bad sub for this or that he won’t listen to what he wants to be changed. It’s okay to do this, he tells himself. He
Dean. It’s enough to make Dean’s dick twitch where it lies in its black curls and own mess, but nothing more.
“Then, what would you like to do?” Castiel asks as he heaves himself up from the sofa, with the grace of someone who must have done this many times before in his life and has mastered the tricks and traps of this monster of comfort. His whole clothing is only ruffled, the fly already zipped up again, and it only furthers Dean’s feelings of being naked, laid bare in every sense of the word.
Dean has the sudden urge to bite his lip and keep quiet. Because he’s already pretty sure that what he wants to ask about is nothing. That there are many reasons for things people do and that he shouldn’t be narcissistic enough to assume that all and any of them have to do with him, but he can’t help feeling this way nonetheless. So, he can’t help but ask, “What’s the… head in hands about?”
Jo just grins at him. “It’s part of my charm; the men actually tip better if I’m rude to them. Maybe some strange fetish or something, who knows.” She winks, and Dean wonders if she knows, if
But now, the atmosphere is soaked through with warmth and wetness and the gentle sound of splashing water. It’s intimate and slow in a way that is reminiscent of those conversations they used to have much more often, those that defined their friendship in terms of trust and camaraderie back when the world was one step away from ending. Those conversations that they are starting to have again, at night, when Sam has already gone to bed and they are left with the snow of the television and minds that are still buzzing, restless. They often talk in hushed voices then, for some reason Dean himself doesn’t get, and Cas often has that little smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. And even if this is something that hasn’t been going on for too long, it’s already become something precious for Dean. Something, he knows, he will always think fondly back to.
But Dean shames the temple and, in turn, the god Castiel. Because even though an Omega, he did not grow up beautiful and becoming of a temple servant, he turned out repugnant: his physique is far too broad, his hands and feet and shoulders laughably rivaling any Alpha’s, his skin is sullied by freckles instead of even in colour and milky pure, his eyes never turned golden, and it is well-known that what is between his legs is too thick and large and obscene for an Omega.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel agrees right away, no trace of being angry or annoyed with Dean to be found. No calling him out on his insolence of telling him what to do, either.
“Yeah,” Dean huffed out, but there was no heat behind it. Just feeling Castiel’s arm and thigh under him was enough to keep him calm and somewhat endeared to the former angel, strangely enough. Maybe he needed to go out more.
“I don’t know, sir,” Dean shudders out, just wanting to rub his cock against Castiel’s thick thigh again. “It just felt so good.”
(Castiel instantly believes everything said about Prince Dean when he first lays eyes on him; with the first gaze out of defiant green eyes, he can already feel his own sanity waning)
“Dinner, sir?” Dean hates how weak his voice sounds as he asks to make sure, but he has to question this; Novak couldn’t possibly have asked him out for dinner right now, could he? At that, all while drawing a clear border between the business they don’t have to take care of and their free personal time, making sure it is to be understood as not a business dinner, like one of the many they already had, but something else. Something not necessary, but needed. Something closer.
Because whenever the host cracks a joke, Castiel and Dean turn to look at the other to laugh and smile along and whenever something looks incredibly tasty, they look at each other with
In easy steps, he leaves the mess of the bedroom again, walks down the corridor and into the extensive living room, which is not separated from the corridor with a wall or anything, it is just a space that is always open for access and in whose center the impressive sofa sits.
The work of this nightis just the climax to a whole week of trying to save the deal, and by the time they are finally done, Novak and Dean are at the end of their ropes, with eyelids that drop despite the dozens of cups of coffee coursing through their blood stream and the adrenaline chasing right after the caffeine.
“I don’t expect you to give me an answer right away,” Castiel speaks into the slow tunes mellowing the room. “This is surely something that should be given time and thought to. And to meet you for dinner, come out and say something like this and expect you to either agree or disagree within half an hour of conversation would be foolish.”
“I could massage you, we could watch TV or read a book together, we could play games or just cuddle for some more time.” Dean feels a tint of pink creep into his cheeks at that. “Whatever you feel like doing, we can do.” Dean nods, fighting against how much heavier his eyelids seem to become. There’s all that anxiety and adrenaline slowly seeping away, and he can feel how it begins to truly drain him. Thankfully, Castiel suggests in a kind tone and with a smile, “We could also just go to bed after cleaning you up, if that’s what you want.”
“I’m glad to hear that,” Castiel says in a tone that makes Dean absolutely believe him. There’s the scratching of a pen again. “And what are your thoughts on comeplay?”
Dean wants to curl up and cry or scratch all around his neck or kick Roche in the shin, but most of all, he wants to go home.
It feels like Castiel already knows the answer and just tries to coax it out of Dean, despite his hang-ups and polite modesty. Because he still feels a bit too exhausted to want to sit upright an proper at a table, and the idea of lounging around in bed with Castiel a bit longer, to spend some more time where they just spent a night, is far too appealing. Maybe it will even bring back that spark of desire in Dean that still seems asleep for now, so that Castiel could just press him down into the mattress and take him right there, on the soft and inviting sheets and amidst crumbs that are of less importance than him.
“And the contract?” Dean asks, voice low and husky, and despite the rising scent of his arousal, it is apparent that his employees are still on the forefront of his mind, that he is still tense and apprehensive.
When Dean moved into his apartment, he didn’t bother to care whether or not it had a bath tub. In all his life, he was never that big on bathing anyway, considered it a waste of time as much as of water, so it made no difference to him that there was nothing but a shower stall in his current apartment. He didn’t need anything else; after all, he hadn’t felt the need to soak in a tub in all the time he lived there.
“Very good, Dean. I know you can do this. You have been doing so well already,” Castiel praises, gentler again, “I know this isn’t all that easy for you, but I know we can do this. Together.” He strokes Dean’s side, tickling him unintentionally and making Dean smile despite himself. “What do you think?”
“No,” Castiel replies slowly and with his forehead and nose scrunched up. Loose little feathers whirl around him and get stuck in his hair. “The bedroom will belong to you and Sam for the time being, until we move into a bigger place. I didn’t think it appropriate for me to sleep in the same bed with you, nor did I assume that you could possibly want that.”
Not slapping him, not shoving him, just both palms open and warm, gently laid on the helplessly exposed skin of Dean’s sides and belly. And within the first moment, Dean believes that Castiel might still try to hurt him this way, that there will be pain in those hands. A rough punishment for Dean’s self-flagellation.
So Dean cries out, fighting against the urge to buck his hips and take something he has not being given the permission to take, and he searches for Castiel’s dark eyes that have never even left his and that Dean’s have physically never left as well. And the expression on his face must be as honest and as lust-filled as he feels, because even before he opens his mouth to whine out a small “Please, sir”, Castiel’s lips tighten around his cock and he takes him down his throat again, lets Dean enjoys the unbearable tightness of it, never once breaking eye contact, never losing himself as desperately as Dean does.
Castiel, filling up his mouth and throat and whatever space in him he reserved for Dean, as if it were Dean’s space and his place, as if in reality, Dean wasn’t the one getting filled.
and when he lays eyes on him again, two days later, Castiel knows that it would suffice for a hundred lifetimes. because even broken and weathered, Dean is beyond beautiful in his robes, easily outshines everyone in the feasting halls without so much as lifting his green eyes, without sitting with his back straight and his body and face presented to the masses of curious onlookers, all pretending to eat and not to stare. not to take in the lamb that will be slaughtered soon enough, will be dead despite being alive, same as his country, by the time this evening is through. because the priest is already present, sitting close to Michael at the large table, just waiting to be called upon, to close the deed he has come to close
There’s that silence again, the very same one from just a few moments before, with nothing if not the same feelings and memories resurfacing, claiming to reign again. Castiel doesn’t let them, though; he speaks up again after only a few seconds, low and soothing and, most importantly, not further pursuing that topic.
Between his last blow and his quiet reassurance, barely any time passes before he is propped up over Dean, who is still lying on his stomach and can see little more of Castiel than his elbows and hands and his face whenever he leans forward to nudge Dean’s chin up to steal some kisses.
Dean snorts again and tries to make an amusend, arrogant little noise, but all it ends in is some choked-out sound. He’s scared now, really. For himself, but mostly for Sam. “You gotta be kidding me with all this shit.”
They slowly pull away after a while, with Castiel’s thumb tracing along Dean’s jawline and down to where his pale skin is adorned by his marks, little red and bluish petals all over his neck.
Not that Dean particularly cares right now. He feels to good to think too much on anything, just snuggles into the couch and yawns out of sheer comfort. Then thinks about the food again and then his thoughts drift to how kind Castiel is and how nice it to just be here and be taken care of and relax and yeah. It’s just really nice. Really, really nice.
Dean expels a heavy breath, a broken moan, the grip of his hand tightening around his cock, dripping in its plea for more. In
Dean supposes that it’s of no further import; that he might as well just keep lying there, with Castiel still half on top of him and half pressed to his side, with that warm hand putting just enough pressure on Dean’s belly and come-ruined dress shirt that it doesn’t tickle, with those low words maybe not returning the heat but that steady warmth, with no expectation of him but to do just that, to lie there and accept his reward. His reward for – well, being rewarded. For being taken care of. But no, that’s not quite right either, is it? It’s for
Which is incidentally also what makes his dick twitch, where it is still encased in the cup of Castiel’s other hand, warm and right where it should be. “I’m–,” Dean begins, searching for words that don’t give to the embarrassment that comes with the easy reaction of his body, to how he can feel himself getting even harder and how Castiel’s eyes become darker. “I’m not scared,” he explains breathlessly, much to the amusement of Castiel.
They stay like this for a long time. With Castiel buried deep, even if softening, inside of Dean, and Dean sheltered beneath him, enjoying his weight and warmth, his adoring kisses all over his face and neck, and just resting his head on Castiel’s thick arm. Every now and then, Castiel gives a weak roll of his hips, eliciting a squelching sound and a weak clench of Dean’s hole, but nothing more than this. After all, its only purpose is as a reminder that Castiel is still within him, that their bound is unbroken, they are still united in body and soul, both of their existences infinitely intertwined, and will remain so.
But neither Sammy nor him have had any food today, won’t have any tomorrow if Dean can’t buy some, if there’s nobody to take care of them. And if their dad won’t, then the eldest son has to man the family; it’s the universal truth, the only thing that makes sense. Something John has long since drilled into his head.
“You must know that I have observed you for quite some time before I came to the conclusion that you are not just submissive by nature, but are also well aware of the Scene. I wouldn’t have approached you in this way otherwise. I thought you could assume why I asked you out tonight, that you too had seen that we work well together, that our dynamics are exceptional, profound. How you react to me,” his eyes darken and blink down to Dean’s necktie and up to his eyes again, his whole demeanour oscillating somewhere between assertive and assuming, but mostly wanting, “to every word and touch, so
It looks a lot like relief that softens all of Castiel’s face and his body, has him finally look as comfortable as he did during their dinner again. “I understand.” He nods to himself. “So, how do you want to go about this? And please, take into consideration that I will absolutely not just begin a scene without discussing beforehand how to–”
“Yeah,” Dean feels, and he feels like crying because he’s feeling so dejected by his own behaviour and for Castiel. He’s just been bad and rude and dismissive and he should be tossed aside or punished for that. Not have the man he just snubbed kiss his throat all gently, as if Dean was the one in need of comfort.
Dean is trembling in his arms, though only slightly so -- and his breathing is steady. He is not breaking apart like he used to; and it is Dean’s strength that has Castiel speak with his voice dipped as low and intimate as the cradle of
Castiel’s hands and lips and the flutter of his lashes on his skin feel nothing but good. The way Castiel’s kisses wander downward, not in a tease but a build-up, has Dean sighing and panting, particularly so when Castiel nudges against Dean’s cock with his nose, smiling at his own action, and plants his kisses there. Not just as a continuation of the kisses to Dean’s chest and tummy from a few moments ago, but as a conclusion of what Castiel had done before he fully undressed Dean and took his hand to his ass. It’s the keeping of a promise, one that Castiel didn’t need to make, yet still did. Still fulfills.
“I forgive you,” Castiel reassures him as he kisses his way back up, bypassing Dean’s cock and the wet mess he has made of it, instead opting to press some kisses to his hip bones that are noticeable just so and to his tummy. “But I want to remind you of what we actually wanted to do. You wanted to show me how good and obedient you can be for me when you are lying over my lap and offering up your beautiful behind for me.” He squeezes that one handful of ass he still has, while his other hand is drawing broad strokes over Dean’s nipples and throat. “Do you still think you can do this for me?”
As Dean adjusted his body, he thought he heard Castiel’s breath catch in the darkness, just so. For his own sanity, he decided to discard it.
— this Alpha is. He does not know the reason for it, but inside his heart, he recognizes the loving aura of whom he prayed to all those years. “I— why am I…? You can, you can see what I am,” he murmurs bitterly, lowering his gaze to show what it is that he is talking about, his whole shameful body; though the skin of his face and what Castiel might have seen from a first glance should already be answer enough.
“I had to try to make you mine. I spent a lot of time imagining of all the ways that I wanted to touch you and make you feel good, and when you were so diligent and helpful at saving that deal and then allowed me to actually touch you,” Castiel looks as if, any other time, he would sigh or smile now, but all that happens is that that little wild note that clings to him from time to time grows even more pronounced, takes hold of his eyes and his slightly parted mouth, “that was when I had to have you.”
they grow closer, over time. emotionally, but also physically. Dean stops avoiding Castiel’s touches during bath time, instead leans into them, hungering for any kind of bodily connection, any gentleness in all this, and sometimes he even closes his eyes, his long lashes fluttering, as if in enjoyment. after some time, he is also not bound to a pillar anymore, but allowed to roam the tent at first and then nearby parts of the camp with a chain around his ankles. he is still a prisoner, of that there is no doubt, but he rarely has to behave like one anymore
Although Dean had been the one to suggest not using any condoms once they went steady and after some initial hesitation -- because although none of them could get sick or pregnant, it was still different to be inside of someone without any kind of protection, more intimate --, Castiel was the one who went absolutely wild once they did. The first time they did it bare, Castiel came after only a few thrusts, moaning and praising all throughout it, and coming so undone by the experience that they never went back to condoms again. Instead, they explored Castiel’s serious kink for coming inside of Dean, enjoying him without barriers and marking him in a deeply primal way, the only time that the animal part of his vessel truly takes over.
So Dean does as he is told to and comes closer, is helplessly drawn to where Castiel is sitting on the sofa, off to the one side of it that is one of the few places he could have taken seat without having the couch table in front of it, where it could limit where Dean could stand. There’s free space in front of Castiel now, nothing but the plush carpet stretched out in front of him.
plead for more, because yeah, that’s what he wants, to accept that promise – for Castiel to take care of him, for him to give him food and touches and for him to take him home one day, where he will finally take Dean apart, into the smallest and most vulnerable pieces of himself, until there is nothing left of him but whimpers and moans and an endless, pleasant haze – just to put him back together again.
A gaze out of eyes that are round and wide, flitting over every inch of skin he has just exposed, taking it in with a focus that is familiar to Dean, quite in contrast to that other component to it, the edge of an emotion that might be awe in another lifetime. A lifetime in which Dean has a waist and no tummy and nipples that aren’t as perky, don’t make him look as needy as he does, and suddenly, he
And now Dean can’t help but furrow his brow and slightly twitch away from the hand still caressing his jaw, the tips of his fingers teasing the sensitive skin of his neck. He wants to lean into it and enjoy the touch, but there’s something coiling in his guts that feels like anger and shame, and must be indignation.
be aware of what Castiel has wanted to say. But he doesn’t know. And it would be too much. Not right now.
Castiel just cocks an eyebrow. “I use honey for anything I can. It’s much better for your health, and I know where and I personally now the people by whom it is produced. The bees work so hard and it would be a waste not to support them and their keepers or to make use of what they give us.”
Because unlike all those times the kids around him reveled in their nice clothes and many friends and attentive parents and made Dean hunger for whatever they had, there’s no reason for that now. Dean doesn’t
“Would you want to include the food more in our play?” Castiel shifts a bit where he sits, hunched over the breakfast table with nothing but two mugs of tea and a few sheets of papers – the List with a capital L – in front of him. “I admit that I do enjoy cooking for you and that I would like to expand on this.”
Dean nods against Castiel’s skin as he sneaks in another kiss. If it was up to him, he would want to taste Castiel forever. Maybe this is a thing that he should ask Castiel for -- asking him to be allowed to kiss him for as long as he wants to and to go down on his knees for him. Not now, though. Now, it’s Castiel’s turn to do so.
“I want you to touch me more. I know that it’s kinda tricky, what with being in the office and all, but, “ he swallows and pushes on, “if you’re asking me what I want, then this is it, this is what I want. I like it when you touch me, and I would want more of it.”
And Dean had to admit, when they were sitting on the small breakfast table in the kitchen and eating in silence, that the mug was kind of nice, pleasantly big and yet easy to handle. The little smile that was playing around the corners of Castiel’s mouth whenever Dean took a big gulp out of the mug might have played a part as well in why Dean liked it so much.
“We have been in here for half an hour now,” Castiel says, and as much as Dean believes him, he wouldn’t be able to tell if it has been indeed half an hour now or if it have been five minutes or five hours instead. The time in here, that warm and calm bliss, feels as eternal as it feels fleeting. “We should probably get out soon and go to bed.”
And when Dean responds with yet another sigh, this one even sweeter and softer than any before, Castiel muses that this is, after all, what Christmas is truly about. What it should have been about whenever John hurt Dean and what it was about whenever Dean wrapped yet another stolen present for his brother. And also back when Dean and Castiel met each other for the first time in their lives, one cold Christmas Eve, in a run-down bar at the edge of town, drunk out of their minds and seeking nothing more than another lonely soul to spend this most painful of nights with, to forget about what they did not have.
“Then we’ll go ‘n get that sweater,” Dean breathes out, eyes half-closed and all of him so sweet and vulnerable, especially so at a place like this public mall, that Castiel turns him around a bit, more against the window, to shield him from other people’s glances with his body.
“I’m not really all that sure, but just unhappy. Uhm.” He thinks of how Castiel was gone for his business trip and how his tie was gone as well. And how Dean only got a kiss emoticon when Castiel was drunk. And how Castiel spent so much time with Mr. Roche, but not with Dean. How Dean had to deal with Mr. Adler and all this work all by himself. “Sad,” he says, before he elaborates in a small, honest voice, “lonely.”
“I’m sorry. Did you want to spend more time privately with me before we discuss this? I would understand if you’re not comfortable to tell me about your preferences already. I should have thought of that before.”
Dean laughs a bit at that, a bit of the remaining tension leaving his body. “Yeah, of course.” Because the Roadhouse is one of his favourite places to eat, and he knows that despite his serious frown and the harsh tone he can adapt, Novak enjoys nothing more than a good hearty burger. Both know not only the food there, but also the people, the whole atmosphere. It’s immediately a nice thing to look forward to, no matter how strange Novak’s request is. Because surely, he can’t ask him out to talk about –
idea, even though he doesn’t really understand where it’s coming from and how it would be in any way connected to what they have just discussed. Maybe Castiel has already moved on in his thoughts and is just acting on a whim. Either way, Dean is in no way opposed to it, actually in strong favour of a kiss. So, he nods and already leans forward for a bit, his eyes falling half-closed with the motion.
“Okay,” Castiel agrees with a soft smile and a benign kiss to Dean’s forehead. “I didn’t mean to overwhelm you. I am sorry for springing this on you. I am sure you must be very exhausted after you have been so wonderful for me, and you must still be hurting. We can talk about this sometime else – whenever you want to. Should you want to.”
It doesn’t take more than five minutes until Dean has to step into Novak’s office, of course, as he will have to present him with the schedule of the day and give him a short overview of what will be to come next week. Novak ignores him for a few minutes, first finishes the email Dean knows to be going to the CEO, and only once he has done so, does he turn towards Dean, eyes unerringly on his, his hands and expression open, his undivided attention on him.
sir,” Dean whines, helpless between wanting to listen and believe and wanting to clasp his hands over his ears and lock out all these nice things that Castiel is doing or saying, all in an attempt to make him feel good. And Dean does, genuinely, if only because he knows that whatever Castiel says is not said in order to mock or hurt him, but -- no matter how true or untrue his words are -- they are meant to be kind. Which is why it is not so important in itself whether Dean can believe all or any word he says, but that he knows
the plan is for Michael to act angered and insulted by the sudden and dubious lack of a husband and for him to officially declare his distrust and make their people claim a war
And yet, all week, Dean hasn’t been able to shake off a certain feeling of expectation clinging to him, a hope for change. Not even for something big or extraordinary, just something–
Dean lingers for a few moments, needing to process that he’s not just dreaming this, but that there’s actually a present for
“It’s a commitment I am honoured and happy to accept. There is more to this than just you offering up your body for my pleasure and you having to accept whatever it is that I want to do to you. I need you to see this.”
Dean snorts at that, a small spurt of anger growing in a confused reaction to the unfamiliar situation. “If I can sell my damn ass, then I can sure as hell drink coffee, don’t you think?”
Dean is even more beautiful like this, drunk on the adrenaline of a successful hunt and the expensive beer he insisted they invest in, nothing but smiles and laughter that dissipates into quiet little giggles, all warm and flushed skin and, maybe most importantly of it all, no inhibition in his touches.
He realizes then, with Castiel getting up from the mattress and the ripple of the movement softly swaying Dean where he still waits for Castiel’s warmth and cradling hands to return, that despite his intentions to remain distant and accept that their little arrangement will be short-lived and meaningless, he’s also emotionally invested. He’s already hooked.
“While that might be true, I am not certain to what extent you were able to be aware of what was happening and to consent to--”
“See what?” Dean asks. His narrowed yet dark eyes, his hard yet open mouth, his tensed yet flushed jaw, they speak of his lingering distrust and yet of the helpless attraction that he feels. Castiel wonders if it is just as strong as his attraction for Dean; if Dean too lies awake at night, grabbing for the empty side of his bed or his phone or his cock, allowing his emotions to flood him in whichever way until he finds relief or an empty ache deep in his heart. He prays that he does. Prays that Dean needs him just as much as he needs him, too.
“If childhood-you could see you right now,” Castiel says, a bit more breathless than he wants to be, “I am sure that he would be as proud of you as I am today. You are not the child from so long ago anymore.” Dean’s hands are on his neck and shoulders, pulling him back in, pulling him onto him. “You are a man now.” Castiel goes willingly. He twists himself from their rushed embrace to fully drape himself on top of Dean, one hand in his hair, the other on his chin, all of their bodies connected, one solid line, from head to toe. “You are truly
(He wonders if Castiel might stay late on Monday, too, just to check if his marks are still where they are supposed to be. And if they are already fading, will he take his time to renew them? Will he pull Dean into his office again and push him onto the couch and make him beg for more?)
Dean is glad his cheeks must already be all red and hot from what Castiel tried to do with his tongue just a few moments beforehand, because otherwise, he’s sure he would be blushing just from these words. And it’s not just embarrassment or shyness or anything that makes his cheeks – both pairs – even rosier, but also a wonderful kind of anticipation and joy. “Yes, sir. I can do that. I will be good now.”
“Eighteen,” Dean sobs out, and for the first time today, there’s the idea of dodging the blows and the praise, of rolling away or of putting his hands over his ass or his ears to shield them from the lack of mercy that Castiel shows him. But Dean knows he won’t, doesn’t even let the idea take root in his mind. Instead, he makes sure to dig his fingers even deeper into Castiel’s shirt and the sofa cushion, both to keep his hands occupied and to keep himself obediently fixed in place.
“It won’t,” Castiel amicably agrees as he kisses his way over Dean’s jaw and to his plush, panting lips, until he finally catches them in a quick kiss, followed by more soft bites. “It will be even better.”
now.” Dean presses up against him, warm and willing, tempting and beautiful, making it almost impossible for Castiel to control himself any longer. “And an incredible husband, too,” he sighs into Dean’s ear, earning himself a shuddering moan.
Dean moans and pulls Castiel back in again when he tries to withdraw to keep speaking. And then, Dean doesn’t know anything else to do but to sink his teeth into Castiel’s bottom lip, not as a claim of any sort, but as a suggestion. And it works, as immediately after, Castiel lets out a deep and growly sound and bites Dean’s lips in return, pulls the bottom one in as he sucks and only lets go to replace his teeth with his tongue, long and stiff, pushing its way in between Dean’s lips, thrusting in in a way that Dean can only hope to feel in other ways too – as Dean will offer up other parts of him to Castiel, as Castiel will make use of other parts of him as he pleases, as Dean will be pleasured.
He takes the wrist of one of Dean’s hands, helping him sit up just enough that Castiel’s knees are not accidentally digging into his belly, so that when Dean plops down again a few seconds after, his vulnerable upper body is lying safely atop of Castiel’s crotch and stomach. Dean breaks out into a giggle fit as he nestles himself closer, and it makes Castiel wonder how lucid Dean actually is.
“Oh, I mean it, too. You know me, padre, I’m always good for a lil quickie or an Old Fashioned. Just say the word, and–”
“Y’won lemme,” Dean slurs out, needing to use all of his remaining energy to do so. He knows by now that Castiel will take care of him, if only for the evening at the very least, and that he is safe with him. Castiel won’t let them drown.
He doesn’t even get a proper grip on it, just accidentally strokes over it in the course of his with his potato pick up motion, over one cheek and to the sensitive center of it, then already off it again.
“Can you tell me what you mean by ‘this’? You said you know what a sub drop feels like, but not like ‘this’. How
Dean snorts. “‘s not like you found out anything just now, or possibly can. And I’m not one to cower; you guys ain’t gonna crack me, believe me.”
But this time, it doesn’t quiet down after a few breaths of air and the priestess also doesn’t continue her work, for above the altar and the figure of their god there is suddenly a bright blue light, blinding everyone, and it is accompanied by a terrible sound, one that makes every worshipper shriek in fear and avert their eyes.
Castiel groans in reply, obviously just as drunk on pleasure as Dean is, and tightens the grip of both of his hands on Dean. “Dean, I want to come inside you,” Castiel says, though it sounds like a question, a plea of his own.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, and it’s unfair how much deeper and rougher his voice is, “may I?” He swipes one finger meaningfully over where Dean’s shirt thankfully still keeps him covered, but where he must feel all warm and soft.
it, yet it still does not appear as a threat, but as a deep green anchor atop the oak and beside the neat stacks of papers.
“I know and I appreciate that, but it’s just… you really don’t have to do that. I understand that, should this happen time and time again and I even tell you about it, you might want to consider to just drop me as a sub. I get it. Having to deal with me feeling bad about our plays would be something you haven’t signed up for to bother about, and I–”
Dean understands the silent command for what it is and catches Castiel’s gaze. He might be a bit slow to do so, what with the way his lids want to flutter and droop, but in the end, he manages to steadily look Castiel in the eye, showing him that he is still fully there, that he isn’t too deep in the haze to be unable to see what they are doing anymore, to consent. This garners him a proud little smile.
-on top of him, of course – he did not press his body up against his, like some sexual fiend. No, all he did was try to lie down next to Castiel, and lied down on his arm and part of his thigh instead, though he tried to minimize the contact. However, he was apparently the only one interested in doing so because, despite their awkward positioning, Castiel made no move to withdraw from him and instead stayed rooted where he was, all spread out.
Dean draws in a deep breath, and he hears himself shudder. “C-Castiel,” he says, because he knows that this is what —
Cas, though, doesn’t pull his hand away even when Dean must be making a face at him. Maybe he knows that that only would make it worse, that despite himself, to be touched is what Dean needs right now. And not just right now, but constantly.
By this point, Dean is already half out of his seats, both their bodies angrily turned towards each other, Dean’s ready to pounce, Officer Novak’s fighting to remain relaxed, although and their hands are as loud and wild as their voices.
Castiel caresses that sensitive part beneath which Dean’s artery lies with the back of his fingers and pulls away just enough for them to regain eye contact, for him take in whatever must be in Dean’s face and for Dean to see him curl up his lips in what must be an attempt to school his face into a neutral expression, but looks more like a curious pout. “I noticed you stopped wearing the necktie I gave you.”
The next strike is almost cruel when it hits, coming down on the tender back of Dean’s upper thighs, where his butt and legs meet in especially sensitive skin.
And Dean doesn’t understand, at least doesn’t think he does. Because he doesn’t want to; it’s too much.
“Yep,” she confirms, popping the ‘p’. “I guess he’ll finally start ordering properly now, too, hmm?”
Castiel must be able to pick up on it because he goes right along with it, bobbing his head up and down on Dean’s cock, making noises that sound so wet and delightful and as if there was nothing more delicious in the world. Nothing else that he could possibly want to taste and swallow down as deeply as Dean’s erection, as if he was feeding Dean’s cock to himself,
It’s only after Castiel seems to have truly ridden out his orgasm that his hold on Dean eases, although he still keeps his hands where they are, letting them caress his hair and thigh softly, soothingly.
“I promise you won’t have to do anything.” Castiel breathes slowly, and it’s as grounding the little circles his free hand draws into Dean’s skin. “You just have to continue doing what you already did; trusting me to take care of you. I will help you out of the bath tub and dress you and carry you to bed. You will be warm again in no time at all and finally able to rest for as long as you want to.”
“I certainly want to believe it isn’t, not in the slightest,” Castiel says as he pulls himself closer towards Dean again, “because I like to see it as that as well. As much as as a sign of your diligence.”
Because the true meaning of Dean’s words is in his hands that stroke the shoulders and side of his husband, gently guiding Castiel into a rhythm; it is in the comfortable Christmas pajamas underneath which his skin still carries scars, but underneath which his skin is also growing warmer alongside his arousal; it is in his eyes, which are dark with memories and desire but which also reflect the lights of the Christmas tree, the fruit of his own labor.
Dean wants to say ‘I don’t know’ and leave it at that, but Castiel’s little ‘for me’ motivates him to really think about it, to explain himself. Because he knows that if he does things for Castiel, things like this, in which he is trying to be a good boy for him, not only will he get rewarded with all kinds of nice stuff, like even more hugs and kisses and smiles, he will also simply make Castiel happy. Maybe even proud. So, he gives it his best.
“I would usually clean myself up and get out of there. No reason to stay if the scene’s over and I wasn’t needed anymore, right?” He laughs, and he expects to sound bitter, but he just sounds broken. “Most of the Doms I picked up on the internet or some random clubs, so there was no obligation for them to go up and beyond and take care of me or whatever, so, yeah, I don’t know. I sincerely don’t know what I’d like to do for Aftercare.”
Warm spurts of come shoot out between Castiel’s furiously working hand, some of it catching on his fingers, getting them sticky yet not slowing them down, while the better part lands right where Castiel must have intended it to: on Dean’s pudgy and heaving tummy, still sated by the dinner Castiel had made for him, even more his now, inside and out marked by him, filled with him.
He almost sends him his answer that very evening, while his skin is still thrumming with the soft caress goodbye that Castiel gave him, just an easy cupping of his cheek, accompanied by a low and pleasant, “Goodnight, Dean.”
The smile that curves Dean’s lips up at the unexpected gesture makes it just as worth it for Castiel as the scent of his hair, the feel of his soft skin, the taste of his husband’s lips. Dean’s mouth is slack, but not unresponsive; it is obvious that he did more than just lie here, probably had fallen into a state of rest, somewhere between wakefulness and sleep, and is not fully conscious, yet is still receptive to Castiel kisses. He still wants them; wants
Castiel finally blinks at him then, brows furrowed and eyes narrowed into a squint. He looks like it’s too early in the morning for him to fight, which is too bad because now that Dean is here, he will have to get used to it. After all,
A sudden cold sensation takes hold of Dean, much colder than the leather of the sofa or the leather of any belt he has ever been struck by, the fear of being left alone again, discarded for a second time in a mere week.
Nothing much happens after Dean tells Cas, though. Not right away. They keep on talking and joking as usual, maybe just a little lighter than usual, that bit more honest. Finally unguarded.
The spike of arousal that follows is acute and overwhelming. Dean’s been asked to be a play partner many times before, but never for longer than a couple of times, never in this way. Castiel already has him; there’s no need for him to say all of these things retrospectively, to make Dean feel good and desirable about himself. Yet, he does. And that look on his face, like he wants to devour Dean right on the spot, makes Dean wonder if there’s any pretense to this at all, if Castiel’s isn’t actually unbridledly honest with him.
“Are you hurting?” Castiel asks, more concerned now, leaning back so that he’s somewhat closer to Dean, and he looks like he’s one second away from climbing onto the bed and over Dean’s body again to inspect him thoroughly. And as nice as that thought is, Dean still feels too raw for anything like this, for too much contact, especially any sexual kind. Stupidly enough and even though what they did last night was nowhere near physically taxing, he feels drained now, exhausted. In a pleasant way, he thinks. But he can’t be fully sure of that. For some reason, he’s afraid of even the most tender of touches being too much right now, too likely to hurt him or scrap him open. So he just shakes his head.
“Okay, whatever, call it what you want,” Dean says, because Castiel’s words reminded him that there is indeed a hard cock currently pushed into his ass, if only by the tip. “Just penetrate or fuck or make love to me already. I know you don’t wanna hurt me and whatever, but I’m fine. I’m okay, really. Just get on with it.”
For a moment there, Dean wonders if Castiel will even let him beg. If he will instead stuff his mouth with the necktie he gave to him or his fingers or his cock, or if he will want to listen to his pathetic little pleads instead. Will he enjoy the things Dean wants to ask for? Will he give him what he asks for? Or deny him instead?
Castiel indulges himself in the various kinds of food as well – especially because there are a couple of vendors and counters offering different and special types of hamburgers – but Dean seems to downright
And that’s how Dean finds himself sinking on the most comfortable couch he ever sat on, green necktie loose around his neck, full to the brim with all of the food Castiel had made for him, sluggish and buzzing with something close to happiness. Castiel just smiled at him when Dean first sat down on the couch and let out a surprised yelp and the a moan as he immediately sank into the cushions, and then he left the room to get something he wouldn’t say.
He proceeds towards his big and ridiculously expensive leather couch, steps still neither slowed nor clumsy, the expression on his face pensive, a sign of him being concentrated, and it only loses some of that steady edge when Dean and him finally reach the sofa, onto which – instead of playfully tossing him – Castiel carefully lets Dean down.
And that thought is one that is as exhilarating as much as it is dangerous. Because Dean knows that feeling, knows deep in his guts where it stems from and what it plays right into: into that side he hoped long buried, that part of his personality that he wants to deny. Not even because he is ashamed of it, not necessarily, but because it’s playing with fire to even think back on his time in the Scene. Worse yet, not to think of the Scene, but to consider where he is
That despite his slip-up, there won’t be harsh hands or an abrupt end to their scene, but that Castiel will still touch him tenderly. That he won’t just discard him after one mistake or discipline him with blows to his belly or genitals to make him see the error of his ways. He will still take care of him and give him another chance, even when Dean barely deserves it.
“I will prove it to you,” Cas promises, “if you allow me to. If you try to prove to yourself the same.” He smiles slowly, almost cautiously. “That you are beautiful, that is.”
to the fullest. So he dares to take a plunge. “Yeah? So would you care to share some of those ideas for our first scene together?”
Castiel furrows his brow. “I never asked for the latter. I would assume for you to know that those two can be very much exclusive from one another, unless they are strictly connected for you or if your experiences or expectations… may differ.” Of course, Castiel is too polite to put Dean’s knowledgeability into question after all, but the assumption still hangs in the room.
Apparently and despite whatever Dean expected without ever properly formulating the expectation in his head, it hasn’t been Castiel’s intention to beckon Dean into the room and make him stand there by himself. Stand and wait and let his anticipation grow along with the anxiety, until Castiel would eventually strut into the living room, all confidence and confirmation that he could make Dean do whatever he wants, and then take his time to unravel him.
Castiel doesn’t say anything more, neither good nor bad, and nods. He just pulls out another mug, this one with a bright yellow and smiling sun on it, and puts it beneath the now unoccupied nuzzle. As the next bout of coffee spills itself into the mug, he keeps rummaging in the cupboard, the same ones that Dean has already explored.
“I’m glad,” Novak says, and he doesn’t sound as dangerously low now anymore, but more like himself. Business-like, maybe, but still not as much as usually. He’s obviously not quite done yet, because he continues in that tone that’s seriousness clad in a fake casual tone. “Which reminds me. You probably know better than I do that I have no further responsibilities this evening, that I can leave early. Unless you are here to bear bad news, that is.” They exchange tired little smiles at his joke, and the humanity of it is grounding. “If you don’t mind me asking, I was wondering whether you will be free as well, and if so, whether you would like to accompany me for dinner tonight.”
“I suppose we can stay for five more minutes,” Castiel easily offers as a compromise, “but no more than that. Both of us seem tired enough that we shouldn’t take the risk of falling asleep in here.”
It is so beautiful and pure, rich and radiant in its colour, in a way that Castiel hasn’t come to see in a long time, ever since he has raised the frayed and torn and yet vibrant soul of one Righteous Man from Hell, healed the remains of his flesh and his wailing soul and then returned him into his rightful and flawless body.
And he doesn’t even have time to do as much as sigh and breathe out and properly breathe in again, now that he can finally allow himself to relax his tummy and breathe again, when Cas raises a this time decidedly unimpressed eyebrow.
The sight of Castiel above him like this is almost too much, his wild yet fond eyes and the deep flush all over his face and chest and that thick and imposing cock unloading itself on Dean, because of Dean,
“We never planned anything. We just, uh. Did it. Got right into and sometimes, I liked it, and sometimes I— well.”
“Good. As for me, I need to be able to see after my submissive after a scene Even if you ever wanted to be left alone for some reason, I would need to have a way of being in contact with you and assuring that you are alright at the very least. Though being allowed to share the same room and more touches is preferable. Most of all, I enjoy to kiss and cuddle,” Castiel explains with a deadly serious face, “and your ‘creature comforts’ as well.”
“Wrong,” Castiel says gently, and as slow as his steps. He only resumes speaking once he has reached a confused Dean, who only backs away half a step, but otherwise doesn’t deny Castiel this closeness. Castiel smiles. “There is always an obligation, regardless of where you have found your play partner, how long you have known each other or what you did during the scene. It’s always the job of the Dominant to take care of their submissive. As it is the job of the submissive to take care of the Dominant. We take care of each other. Because if you allow someone to take pleasure in your body, the very least they have to do is to help you clean up and make sure none of their
Castiel smiles. And as soft as it seems, it elicits a shiver to run down Dean’s spine – albeit not one of fear or coldness.
fully trust him. Which might be a lie, or a bit of one at least, because Dean does trust Castiel, much more than he has ever trusted any of his partners before, but maybe not
Dean would want to offer to help or for Castiel to make use of any other part of his body to seek his relief, so that he can give back even more of how good he has made Dean feel. But Castiel surely seems to be enjoying himself more than enough, if his heavy panting and little sighs of Dean’s name right against Dean’s neck and cheeks, where he doesn’t stop showering him in kisses, are anything to go by.
After all, he has already had his first brush with the Scene less than a decade ago. Had dived head-first into it all, into the harsh hands and even harsher words, not coming up for air for what felt like years, but couldn't have been more than a few intoxicated months.
By the time Castiel’s done, Dean is still busy with his obligatory duties of the day and hasn’t gotten around to doing that little extra work Adler has assigned him on top of it. Castiel offers to stay and help, and as much as Dean would want that, he’s afraid he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on work with Castiel nearby and would instead be distracted by need daydreams and tight pants, so he declines. Besides, he can see the dark shadows beneath Castiel’s eyes, probably a sign of how he had stayed out late the night before, drinking with the business partners he’s had to meet, and Dean knows he will need to catch up on some sleep. Castiel frowns but gives in and goes home.
“Dean,” Castiel sighs out, just on the edge of annoyed, his usually unbreakably calm demeanour weakened by what Dean assumes must be the early hour. Dean almost feels bad for the man with tousled hair and still sleep-addled eyes. Almost, but not yet. “Yes or no? If you don’t want any, just say so. But it’s too early for this. Not–,” he sighs again, but it doesn’t sound annoyed anymore, simply tired, “just not before my first cup, please?”
His cock is also hard and slippery as it thrusts against Dean’s thigh, and it becomes even more slippery when Castiel tightens his grip on Dean’s scalp and thigh to keep him fixed in place as he ruts up against in more fervor and in a series of increasingly desperate, panting strokes. One of his moans breaks on a grunt and he presses his mouth and all of his face tightly into the crook of Dean’s neck as he spills himself on him, Dean’s name choked out and breathless, sullying Dean’s skin in the most delicious of ways.
something that Dean has known all along about, but is still too scared to name. In the cowardly depths of his heart, he hopes that maybe Cas will do so for him.
Dean needs a few moments to compose himself, taking big gulps of air through the mouth. He feels choked up, as if Castiel had been trying to push into his throat, not his ass, and with a distant sense of realization, he wonders if he is panicking. However, he discards the thought quickly, telling himself that there is nothing to panic about, that this is absolutely nothing new, and he slowly shakes his head and presses out a “No,” between his teeth.
Dean can hear him breathing, deep and unhurried, and he tries to match his own breathing to his, tries to take on some of the calm, and to draw confidence from it.
It’s when Dean blinks up to see the priestess looking at him, in a calmness that rests in itself and with no guilt and no pleasure to speak of, and when she then sinks back down into her position of worship, not just before Castiel, but also before the Omega who is so intimately and possesively held, that the Alphas’s words sink in. That Castiel just declared Dean to be the one he desires to be mated to, that it is not a claim spoken lightly, but one he has been waiting to make for years. This powerful Alpha just condemned the action of his own people and stated that this shunned and humbled Omega was who he considered his own for so long now?
What is mostly surprising is that Castiel actually acted on what’s between them, that he talks so openly and at all about it now. Yeah, that’s what’s out of the blue – let alone the almost awe with which Castiel talks about the possibility of taking Dean on as a sub. But apart from that: anyone with eyes and a bit of sense for that kind of dynamics could identify them as naturally dominant and submissive from miles away.
Because focused, Castiel seems to be enough. There’s the play of his tongue around Dean’s rim, yet it seems not to be there to breach him and lick inside like Castiel promised to yet, but to wet his lips, get them even nicer and slicker as he keeps up his kisses.
The next thing he is aware of – which is also what makes him almost forget about that strange, undefinable sensation – is a dragging wetness against his cheek and a low murmur reaching his ears and a hand stroking in a slow and sticky circle over his tummy.
“Let us leave already. It’s cold and,” the man interrupts him, expression hard and the gaze out of blue eyes sweeping all over Dean’s body, and Dean feels even colder, “I waited long enough.”
“But I do worry. Especially because Adler’s behaviour is not an indicator of your work morale or proficiency, but of his antipathy for me. You took care of it, as much is true. And I am proud for how well you did so. But Adler’s envy shouldn’t have been your burden to bear in the first place.” His voice is strained, but his touch remains gentle. “I ask you to communicate with me, Dean. To allow me to see to the issues that were only mine, but that Adler made yours.”
“Yeah, babe, fill me up,” Dean encourages him, savoring how much harder Castiel’s thrusts and his cock are getting, losing himself completely, along with any doubts and inhibitions, just allowing himself to be swept away by the crest of his pleasure, his words flowing freely. “Lemme feel it, make me yours. Show me that I belong to you, no one else, only
Dean smiles back, a genuine warmth relaxing him, making all those doubts and questions that plagued him throughout the day slowly melt away. It’s surprisingly easy like this, to take a sip of his drink and roll that name around in his head first, then over his tongue, testing it out. “Castiel,” he says, and both smile. “Well, I guess you already call me by my first name, but yeah, Dean.” He laughs weakly at himself.
won’t be whatever any other Doms were to you. I know I should trust both your words and you as an adult, and I do, but I’m still afraid of what I might be capable of doing. Because all I want is for you to feel good and as appreciated as you deserve.”
Despite craving to sink into himself and just hug his knees to his chest, finding that bit of comfort in the enemy’s territory, Dean puffs himself up and stares the officer dead in the eye. “What about it?”
Which makes Dean wonder if he’s reluctant to let Castiel in there because it still might be too intimate or just because his apartment is somewhat bland in comparison to Castiel’s.
It’s a good thing that Castiel’s hand are so steady on him, holding his hips and the rest of his body in place. Because without a doubt, Dean would otherwise be tempted to squirm and writhe and thrust his hips up towards where it’s so warm and tight for him, where his Dominant takes care of him with glazed and attentive blue eyes.
“There you go. All done now, my good boy. All done,” Castiel soothes him from far away and from right next to his ear. “You did it. Like I knew you would. Did so well for me, my perfect Dean. So perfect for me, Dean. Absolutely
being done to him? This, the shame that wouldn’t keep clinging to him, was what used to make his mind sluggish and his legs weak and his eyes damp. It was what always came along with a drop, what led to it, and Dean knew, he just knew, that whenever something particularly debasing was done to him and especially when he couldn’t help but revel in it, he was bound to drop.
Dean half-groans, half-sighs, because if he jumps Castiel’s bones and is a bit too dazed to help him come by the end, it doesn’t mean he suddenly doesn’t want it anymore. “Yes, it does.” Castiel makes a noise as if he wants to object, so Dean just pushes on. “You always are.”
His mom takes the news with a stoic face. She nods as he talks, doesn’t reply or react in any way, and afterwards just sits in silence for a long time. Dean expected as much. She comes from a different generation than him – and hell, even people from his generation aren’t necessarily all that open when someone’s sexuality doesn’t meet the norm –, so he tries not to take it personally.
fail to take proper care of my submissive. Making sure you feel good after a scene is as part of my job as making you feel good during it. Which doesn’t just include the immediate Aftercare, but also the long-term sort.”
Castiel’s hands only leave Dean once he mumbles out a soft assent of, “Hm-hm.” And although Dean misses Castiel’s touch and warmth as soon as they are gone, the lovely view of Castiel’s retreating figure at least partially makes up for it.
Their fist is wettened, the slide going easier in the pre-come dripping out and being caught by frantic fingers and cocks, always fucking back in, against one another. It’s so wet and tight that it has Dean imagining what he’s fucking into being not just a fist but a hole, and then it has him imagine what Castiel is fucking not being a fist but a hole,
“Yeah, I know,” Dean replies. And just as he honestly means this offer -- because he trusts Castiel to see where to draw the line by himself --, he is also glad that Castiel won’t just allow it. That he will always ask.
“I want to start out by kissing you,” Castiel breathes out and draws closer, the warmth of his body finally heavy and promising against Dean’s own, a long line of craved firmness. “I have spent a lot of time thinking about kissing you, so I would like to spend a lot of time on actually doing it.”
Dean exhales alike, his gaze skittering away from the Alpha right in front of him, never quite settling anywhere else in the room, yet shyly drawing back now and then. He keeps watching Castiel, if only from the corner of his eyes, from a tilt of his head. Still, even this fleeting gaze is enough to let heat seep through Castiel’s body, down to his very bones.
At last, Castiel picks up some speed, if only to the extent that he can in their position. At the same time, Dean feels his orgasm beginning to build inside of him.
but Dean’s cheeks, already tinged pink from their sheer endless foreplay, blaze up at Castiel’s choice of words. “Fuck, don’t put it like that,” he complains, as embarrassed as he is turned on by what Castiel has been spouting. Because unfortunately, most of what Castiel says has that kind of effect on him; Cas only needs to whisper some shit like that he would like to have Dean or make love to him into his ear, not even touching or kissing him, and Dean is both blushing and raring to go.
The image of what happened before, with Castiel holding onto Dean’s hips and bobbing his head with relish up and down on his cock, is still firmly etched into Dean’s memory. And that of his dick, too.
“I promise,” Dean brings out around a moan bubbling up in his throat as Castiel lowers himself just enough for their crotches to finally properly meet each other, for them to rub together not just so, but enough to really feel it. To be once more aware of the effect he has on Castiel, and of what Castiel might be packing. Because that’s a nice bulge coming up to meet his own. One – as he at once acutely becomes aware of – he has yet to see. That is, not in post-scene haze and not when it’s already soft and just dangling in the thick bush that he, at the very least, knows Castiel to be sporting.
“I know,” Castiel cuts in softly and curls a hand around Dean’s wrist. Despite a fine tremor running through his body at the contact, Dean lets him. “Which is why I already appealed to have it changed. The contract that you have received is already obsolete and will not come to pass as you have read it.”
“You don’t need to. I took care of what Adler wanted me to take care of any everything is alright. He didn’t do anything that wouldn’t have been appropriate, so you don’t need to worry.”
“I told you to stay still, Dean,” Castiel grumbles into Dean’s ass, “don’t make me stop to take care of your behind with an open palm instead of my tongue.”
(to what he wasn’t there to witness: the derision and malice from Dean’s own people, the grief and despair over his father’s dead body, the confusion and hopelessness, the resignation when he saw that there was nothing for him but to enter the carriage and be spirited away into this hostile country once again, selling not only himself but his own kingdom and his father’s legacy for a few more loaves of bread for his people, for whatever remains from their lives, if already not their dignity)
“Yes, I do. I wanted and allowed myself not to work at my Dad’s garage, but to study management. I wanted and allowed myself to live in a big city instead of in Kansas, so I moved here. Just this morning, I wanted and allowed myself a chocolate bar with extra peanut butter in it.” He takes a deep breath. “I also wanted and allowed myself to be your sub. All of this is already more than enough. Some of it even more than that.”
to accept it, so unnatural for him. And yet, at the same time, there’s too many kind words anyway that he would have to object to -- it would be exhausting to think about why each and every one couldn’t possibly be right, in the same way that it would be impossible to find reasons for why Castiel shouldn’t rightfully keep doing what he’s doing then. All those arguments for why Dean doesn’t deserve this.
“I know it won’t. Because if it did, there would be no spanking for you. What I would have you do would involve no touching at all,” Castiel darkly promises. “For your punishment, I would make you sit at the other end of the couch, as far away from me as possible, and make you touch yourself. None of my fingers on you, only my gaze, as you would have to bring yourself off. And I would do the same, from my seat here, while I watch but never let you touch me. While I would never touch you.”
As Dean shuffles at the realization of how they are lying, bare skin against bare skin and safe in their embrace, their crotches pressed softly and with no further intention against one another, Castiel sleepily blinks his eyes open. He seems just as confused as Dean for a moment there, but as soon as he moves his hand and probably feels Dean’s naked skin beneath his palm, a slow smile grows all over his haze. And then, he starts to look a little sheepish.
Dean hastily cuts it, throwing the same words back at Cas. He knows he must be looking like a madman, with his insane blush and the wide eyes and the clenched fists, but he doesn’t care becaue Cas has to
The warm weight of a hand not as unfamiliar now settles on his shoulder. Without speaking, wihtout Dean actually knowing for sure, it tells him that it’s okay for him to do shut the world away for a moment, that he doesn’t need his eyes to be always alert and open now anymore, not in front of the lady and not the world. Because now, there’s
“Yes,” Novak says, his eyes only flitting towards her before settling on Dean again. “I’ll have the usual. Dean?”
Dean doesn’t remember the last time he’s felt even nearly as good. He is full of energy and sleeps soundly through the nights. Every evening, Castiel sends him a message, wishing him a goodnight and hoping they will have the chance to eat lunch together the next day, even though neither on Monday nor on Tuesday, they manage. These text messages are, apart from their smiles and greetings, pretty much all Dean gets of Castiel, but he thinks nothing of it, just goes on happily.
