“You all right?” Cas finally asks, after the silence stretches between them long past the point of awkwardness.
Cas smiles down at the book in his hands — a collector’s edition of
After breakfast, he and Cas lounge on the couch. They sit at opposite ends, but their hands stretch out towards each other, their pinky fingers just barely brushing. Dean’s stomach is pleasantly full. He’s the kind of satisfied that could easily drop off into sleep, but there’s a nagging worry at the back of his mind. Cas turns to look at him. Volumes are held within his eyes.
He squints at the porch of the Roadhouse. “Where is everybody?” he mutters, but as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he blinks. Bobby is exactly where he left him, sipping his beer in a rocking chair on the porch. It doesn’t look like the volume has decreased on his beer.
He was foolish enough to the point where he almost lost them once. He’s not going to make the same mistakes again.
Castiel bolts straight upright, hands clenched into fists at his side. “Shut the fuck up and leave me alone!”
The truck screeches to a halt in front of Becky’s house. Sam slams on the brakes so sharply that Jess barely manages to catch herself against the dash. In the back, Ava isn’t so lucky, and Jess’ seat jolts forward with the impact of the other woman’s small body against the back of the seat.
“Stop.” Dean reaches over the table and raps his knuckles on Cas’ forehead with easy familiarity. The gesture is almost second nature to him, which is why it takes him a moment to remember all the reasons why it’s inappropriate now. Cas blinks at him like maybe he wants to say something, but he holds his peace. In the end, Dean wins: he doesn’t mention anything else about the case for the rest of the night.
“Dean, they burned a binding sigil into my arm. It keeps the demon bound to my body. Even if you try an exorcism, it won’t work.”
Brady slumps over, unconscious, and Sam is suddenly there, bent over him, feeling his pulse. Sam’s eyes are bloodshot, and his hands are shaking, but when Jess reaches out a tentative hand, he pulls away.
“Hey,” Dean says, shuffling his feet like some nervous fifteen-year-old. “I’ve been kind of an asshole lately. Sorry.”
Sam has finally reached the door and holds it open for Meg, waving her through to gain time as he weighs his answer. He decides to stick to telling as much of the truth as he can, without giving anything away. “Nah, we go to college on the West Coast, but we decided to take a break. We’ve been traveling across the country.”
Cas doesn’t roll his eyes, but he comes close. “I’ll be
lower lip. Dean didn’t think that it was possible to die from a kiss, but hell, he’s been wrong before. He can’t control the way that his hands clutch at Cas, or how his fingers twist in Cas’ hair.
He tells Castiel that he needs to get in some shooting practice at the range, which is true. It’s just not the whole truth.
“That was sexier in my head,” Dean admits, but hearing Cas’ soft chuckle makes it all worthwhile.
While Castiel’s mind is focused on escape, Sam’s seems to be focused on Meg. “What are you talking about?” he rasps, voice thick with pain. “We followed
Cas moans around him and the sounds of flesh on flesh increase--Cas is getting off on this, getting off on getting him off, and that’s just--
Castiel thinks he loves Dean (possibly. The truth of Emmanuel’s identity is still unconfirmed and isn’t that a little nugget of doubt that’s going to fester). Dean is positive he loves Castiel.
“Well, not until after law school and medical school. The thought of juggling a baby in one hand and a residency in the other doesn’t thrill me. But, you know. One day.”
Castiel’s eyes narrow in suspicion as he spares a moment to think. “Way too easy. You must know that you can do it no problem.” Castiel smirks, clearly thinking that he’s won. “All right, up the ante. You get five in the bullseye, then you win, and I won’t bug you about my jogging anymore.”
No response arrives, and Sam eventually does nod off, staring at his phone screen and waiting for it to light up.
Bev gives him a knowing look that Castiel doesn’t care for one bit. “Uh-huh. Well, I won’t get in the middle of whatever you guys have or don’t have going on.”
Every single time, Dean is taken by surprise at how beautiful Cas is. He’s contained violence and grace as he climbs onto the bed, wrapped in something tender and soft as he skates his fingers along the outside of Dean’s thigh, all the way up to his hip, before skating teasingly in towards his groin. Acting on their own accord, Dean’s hips thrust upward in a futile search for friction. He’s allowed this one movement before Cas slings an arm over his hips to keep them still.
“That’s not what my employer is offering. We already have a tentative contract drafted, if you’d like to take a look. We can amend anything that you find offensive.” Dean takes the second folder offered and starts to scan through the contract.
that you can’t miss?”
Dean can
She stretches her legs and rolls her shoulders, then digs out a bag of chips they picked up at their last rest stop, opening it and offering it to Castiel. Nodding his thanks, he pulls out a chip and pops it in his mouth, keeping his eyes on the road. The landscape outside is still the equivalent of watching paint dry.
“I love you,” Dean whispers, partly because he wants to see Cas’ eyes go hazy and misty, but also because if he doesn’t give voice to the feelings crowding in his chest, he might lose his mind.
On the drive home, Novak is quiet, stewing in the backseat. He stares out the window, index finger tapping at his chin. Every so often, just to switch things up, he’ll sigh, a large drawn out breath that explodes from the diaphragm. The few times that their eyes meet in the rearview, he quickly jerks his gaze away. If Dean were naive, he would say that Novak’s feeling guilty about his display of temper, but it’s more likely that he’s just trying to foment another rebellion.
He walks on numb legs towards the house, only to duck behind a tree when the front door of the house opens. Everything makes sense, in a terrible, awful sort of way, and Dean can only watch, heart torn to shreds, as all of the puzzle pieces finally slot into place.
This is undoubtedly one of those times, as he whirls on Jack. “I refuse to see another person that I love get swallowed up. I refuse to let you go into that place. It’s
And the question is phrased so forlornly that Dean can’t help but allow Cas to steal another article of clothing out from under his very nose.). Cas dresses down these days. And slouches. Right now, his chin is in danger of disappearing into his chest. The sight delights Dean. There for a while, he hadn’t been sure Cas was capable of relaxing.
“I loved him.” No, he thinks, that’s not quite right. “I
Castiel looks after them, hesitating.
, weren’t you?”
“Dean? Where’s Cas? What are you doing? What the hell is—”
“Do you want my help?”
what’s real! You don’t get to stay here, playing house for a bunch of pretend people!”
“Dean?”
“That’s nice of you to say, but we kind of do.” Sam smiles at her. “I’ve just never done this before. Meeting the family, getting together on holidays. Being normal.”
Cas and Dean are in front of the picture window. They watch Claire and Jack make their way down the street. Dean swallows hard as he sees the way that Cas’ arms are wrapped around Dean’s waist and how Cas ducks his face into the nook of Dean’s neck and shoulder. Dean’s too far away to see what Cas says to Dean, but he does see his face split open in a laugh. He watches himself crane his head back until his lips meet Cas’ in a kiss. It looks comfortable. It looks routine.
him?”
Once he sees who it is, he relaxes, and his hand falls away from his Colt.
Barely audible over the creaks and groans of the dying Roadhouse are the screams of the demons as they rip out of the psychics they possessed. Leaderless, they twist towards the sky and beat a swift retreat away from the field of battle.
Before Cas or Sam can stop him, he’s moving forward. His rational brain is still a few steps behind, but his muscles know what to do. The blade slides into one demon’s back and into another’s stomach before they ever realize there’s a problem.
. What he
Jess shrugs. “Not stupid at the very least.”
“Calm down,” Ciara says. She effortlessly unfolds herself from her seated position and walks to Cas’ side of the bed. Dean’s protective instincts flare wildly as she touches Cas’ forehead.
While Sam isn’t happy to be excluded from Dean’s rescue mission, he's made some measure of peace with it.
Alice gives the barest approximation of a nod, mouth gaping open even as she sits and starts to count.
. She has to keep reloading, to hold the demons in check—
He’s the kind of bored that calls Sam two and three times a day, just to hear another human voice. Sam, it must be said, is weathering quarantine exceptionally well. Maybe it’s just Dean’s own crappy outlook on life, but he can’t help but hear a little touch of condensation when Sam tells Dean he’s already knocked four books off his reading list. There's definitely a hint of smugness when he tells Dean that he’s polished all the furniture and washed all the linens, including the curtains. Sam also tells Dean, with no real irony, that he’s experimenting with crochet.
For the second time that day, Dean takes the elevator up to the fourth floor and walks the halls to Novak’s office. He’d thought, since it was closing on four, that maybe the chaos would have settled, but these people are still moving and churning with the same frenzy that they were several hours earlier. He pauses to give a small waggle of his fingers to Ion, just to watch how his face darkens, before he sets off towards Novak’s office.
With a noise of disgust, Dean gets out of the booth. His foot hits the table leg, rattling the silverware and causing several diner patrons to look over curiously at him. He ignores their stares. Right now, he doesn’t care what he has to break in order to escape, he just needs to get away.
Cas’ smile, which has been spreading slowly over his face as Dean talked, finally ascends to its fullest level. “I don’t know,” he says. “But I would love to find out.”
"I don't just want
Emotion clogs Castiel’s throat, vision blurring with tears. “I love you,” he answers, raising his voice as much as he dares. “I love you, Dean.”
“Oh, no, see, I really can. I’m the Almighty, and I can do what I want. And right now, the thought of you three, wandering through this lonely, empty world forever, knowing that you doomed yourselves to this because you wouldn’t just take a knee? I’m really liking that idea. It’s eternal. It’s miserable.”
The hostess nods. “Right this way, sir.” She leads him through a labyrinth of tables. The candlelight makes everyone’s face mysterious and alluring. This is the place where contracts are signed, collars are given, and rings are exchanged. Underneath the cover of darkness, dreams and business collide.
It’s a strange concept, especially since he always assumed that he was. Ever since Apocalypse Version 1.0 was averted, Michael and Lucifer locked in the cage, thanks very much, he’s always assumed that he was the one calling the shots. No matter how badly he fucked up (and he fucked up
“It makes sense,” Sam muses. “Becky’s so sure that her brother would never do this, and she’s a pretty good judge of character. If it was a shifter wearing Zach’s appearance though… You get to do all the vile things most people only dream of, and you’re wearing your alibi.”
Please note the tags. No matter how bad it seems like things are getting, there IS a happy ending. Just remember: sometimes, these boys are dumb, and growth isn't a straight line.
“Leave me alone,” Cas gasps, rocking back and forth. His forehead is pressed into his knees and his fingers twist in his hair. He’s worse than Dean’s ever seen him, flickering and sputtering, fading in and out of focus. Even when he’s not blinking in and out of existence, he’s almost transparent. With a low thrill of horror, Dean realizes he can see the wall clearly through Castiel.
Good things do happen, indeed.
“Don’t get snarky with me, Dean. It’s your own fault you’re in this mess. I’d given up hope of getting you alone, and then you plop right into my lap. What’s a girl to do, huh?”
Cas still looks unconvinced. “Jess, he could be a danger to you. To others.”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, his mind caught in a whirlwind of happiness and disbelief. It draws him down, down, until all he can see are Cas’ wide eyes. “Oh, Cas, baby.”
There’s never time to wallow in your own misery. Dean spares himself about three seconds before he’s pushing to his feet, his brain already working around this new obstacle. It’s never over until the fat lady sings, and call him stupid, but he’s not hearing the final notes just yet.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-
Noticing where Sam’s attention has gone, Bobby says, “That old fart there is Rufus.”
until he breathes out, “Yes, Cas, please.”
There’s some kind of bad blood between Castiel and Adler. Dean wasn’t sure of it before; he hadn’t known whether it was just Cas bridling at what he thought was too much interference or whether there was genuine ill-feeling there, but now he knows. The way that Adler sizes up Cas, like he’d love nothing more than to snap him up, the way that Cas eyes Adler like he’d love nothing more than to rip a hole in the other man’s gullet on his way down. Adler might not be able to fire Cas yet, but he wants to.
He ignores it.
while they wait for Missouri to come out from behind the bead curtain that separates the front and back of the house. Apparently, it’s never too late to establish a good skin care routine.
“Sam, it’s
Any other time he would either be amused or indignant by the way that Jo immediately dismisses his half-clothed state. Now, he’s irritated by the fact that his nipples are pebbling up in the cool air.
“In a second.”
Upon seeing the expression in Cas’ eyes, Dean’s fatigue has vanished. However, his ire at being interrupted remains, and it makes him slightly mean. He grins at Cas, who rolls his eyes. “You want to be done with this hunt, Sammy? You’ve got somewhere important to be? Or an important call from your
“Because we have a
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice something both fragile and terrible, “can you be all in for me?”
Jo steps up. “Bugs, cameras, unsecured access points. We want to make sure that we’re the only ones with a way in and out of your house. Plus, it would be nice to know if anyone else has eyes on you.”
The body in the corner answers his question, but Dean wants to hear Castiel say it. “There was another one,” Cas says, his voice terse. “She went after Rudy while I was looking for the second vetala.”
Under that guise, Jess and Castiel quickly find that although Andy has an apartment, he rarely spends the night there. When asked about his whereabouts, his neighbor shrugs. “He hangs out at the diner sometimes?”
“I came out here to relieve you, but I appreciate the bonus sparring practice,” Castiel says, eyes glinting with quiet amusement in the low light of the alley.
Missouri breaks their eye contact and makes a thoughtful noise. “Dean Winchester, you’ve got some priorities that need rearranging.”
Dean remembers Cas saying that Elkins took the Colt off a dead hunter and wonders how the guy ended up dead. He thinks better of asking though. Elkins might not have a gun pointed at them right now, but Dean isn’t fool enough to think he’s unarmed.
Missouri’s words press directly on Sam’s tender spots. He tries to ignore Dean’s accusatory look; a difficult task when his brother’s suspicion is an almost tangible thing. “What does it mean?” Sam asks, his voice barely above a whisper.
Downstairs, halfway to the front door, they pass the kitchen. Castiel catches a glimpse of Alice bent over a cutting board, chopping vegetables. She gives no sign that she’s aware of anything amiss.
“Bobby’s fine,” Bobby says, taking Jess’ hand and giving it a sound shake. “Another newcomer, eh?” He eyes Ava shrewdly. “Having somebody else who’s just got here might help that poor kid who arrived a couple hours ago. Name’s Scott. Seems alright, but a bit twitchy maybe. Think Jo, Ash and Andy are busy mellowing him out at the annex if you wanna join.”
This time, he’s the first to leave.
“What the hell’re
The words strike Dean deep, opening up a wound he thought was long scabbed over. How many times had Cas made that same accusation, his tone alternating between gently mocking and bitterly serious?
“Yeah yeah. Just get outta here,” Elkins mutters, waving them off, and Dean follows Cas out the door, hardly believing their luck.
Cas’ already rough voice is gritty with smoke and pain. His eyes are drawn tight and his lips pull back in a grimace as he crawls closer across the floor. His fingers are curled into a white-knuckled fist that he holds out to Dean. “Take it,” Cas rasps.
The clacking in the background stops. “The resort at Port Royal?
Ava steps forward and grabs Scott’s hand off the table, shaking it firmly. “Hi, Scott. I’m Ava Wilson, and I’m from Peoria. I get scary, gory visions about people’s deaths. Your thing sounds a lot less crazy than mine.”
All of a sudden, Cas perked up and smiled wide as he looked across the room.  "Oh my god, Anna!" he yelled.
Dean winced, "What?"
"Listen, you are all supposed to be here because you're ready to dedicate your life to the Catholic faith.  I'm not very impressed with the attitude so far.  Just keep in mind that I'm keeping tabs on you during these next few days.  If I don't feel as though you've gotten what you should be out of it, I will not let you continue onto confirmation.  Is that clear?"
It was a text from Cas.  Just the thing Dean was hoping to see.  Dean felt a twinge in his stomach and he started blushing before he even read it.
"Maybe if you had been up on time with the rest of us, we would have told ya" his father remarked.
Benny looked up from his food and rolled his tongue over his teeth, making stone cold eye contact with Dean.  "Okay, dick head.  Message received."
Charlie chirped up as she topped off Bobby's coffee, "Ooh! That's a big decision, Sammy!  I picked my Aunt Rowena.  She's not really the biggest Christian poster woman but she is a bad ass."
Cas looked at Dean one more time, and when Dean nodded, Cas took the bottle in his hand and started chugging, squeezing his eyes shut as he did so.
"OH MY GOD" they scream whispered to each other at the same time, sort of jumping up and down like twelve year old girls at a slumber party.  Dean smiled with his mouth wide open and pushed his hair back from his face in shock as Cas tried his hardeset to keep his snickering quiet.
"One thousand percent, buddy.", Gabe replied.  "It's almost nauseating how into you he is."
"What on Earth tells you that a plan like that would work out in my favor?"
Sorry :)
Unable to wait another second with Castiel’s permission, Dean shoved his hand into Castiel’s boxers and took a hold of his hot and incredibly hard dick at the base and lowered his head to spit down onto Castiel’s dick.
They were just about to Castiel's door when Dean got a text from Jess.  He opened it to find a photo of her, Jess, and Jo wearing matching Christmas pajama pants and holding festive mugs.  He laughed out loud.  Jo looked unenthused as usual, Sam was squeezing and lifting Jess from behind, and Jess was laughing hysterically. They all looked adorable, and Dean slowly felt sadder and sadder that he was missing it the longer he looked at it.
Enjoy!
Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed his sleeping bag out of his closet, "Fuck you.  Go to sleep, asshole."
Cas was stomping around in between the trees violently.  He couldn’t even hear the snapping of branches or the crunching of leaves underneath his shoes.  All he could hear was the sound of his pulse roaring in his ears, and is second guessing thoughts bouncing off the walls in his brain.
Dean talked about Sammy and Jo and his loving parents, and explained how it was that he ended up back in confirmation classes.  That's when Castiel spoke up, "They sound like lovely people".  Castiel's voice was gravelly but smooth and it made Dean have to work hard not to swoon.  His eyes were so bright blue that Dean could feel himself getting lost in them.  Castiel had said commented with such sincerity that it surprised Dean.  He didn't even think that Castiel was listening.
"What about me?"
It took Dean a second to return to reality after the moment had with Cas.  He had gotten lost in the deep blue eyes that he loved so much and didn't even remember that there were other people surrounding him.  It was just him and Cas, together, loving each other.  Dean's breath had caught in his throat at Castiel's return in love declaration, and Dean was almost certain that there was no way he could return to Earth after that.  If he could, he'd turn pink and rocket into the sky in excitement like Peter Pan, but all he could muster up was a choked-out chuckle and smile, another tear falling from his eyes.
Cas could feel the tears slip from his eyes as his brother spoke.  Gabe leaned over and squeezed Cas's shoulder and smiled at him.  That's when Baltazar leaned his head against Castiel's shoulder and squeezed in a sort of side hug.  Cas looked over at him and patted his head a little before Baz sat up again and looked into Castiel's eyes, "You're far too beautiful to live your life a spinster, my sweet."  Baz dragged his knuckles down Castiel's face slowly.  "And if things don't work out with this chuckle head, you can always run away with me."
He couldn't wait for next Sunday.
"Castiel, you know they're just gonna be pissy and mean to you the entire time, right?  It's not worth it."
Dean saluted with two fingers as he loaded the last of the food onto this plate for Cas and turned around to go back into the porch.  He found Cas still sitting where Dean had left him, except now he was picking at his fingers anxiously, and his fingers were shaking.  Dean placed the food down on the table out there and sat down next to Cas and placed a hand on his back.  "Where's Gabriel?"
Dean grabbed Castiel’s hair and pulled his head back towards him and kissed him hard.  Teeth came out to play a little bit as they scraped against Cas’s bottom lip furiously.  Dean was groaning and grunting in such a primal way that Cas felt dizzy.  He wanted to tell Dean he was beautiful too, that he was all Castiel could have dreamed of and more, but all he could manage was whimpers and gasps as Dean slid down his zipper and began to palm at his erection through his underwear.
Castiel lifted the burning mug from his hands, "Sir, I got you some coffee."
Castiel was gone.
The four of them talked over one another for almost the entire time allotted, but Dean didn't mind.  It really reminded him of the vibe at his house.  Everyone goofing off and making fun of each other out of love.  Castiel was quiet though, letting his brother and Baz speak for him mostly.  He almost seemed lost in thought as Gabriel and Baz screwed around, only really looking up and engaging when Dean talked about himself.
Dean could feel his heart racing and he was starting to sweat.  He decided to take out his phone and call Ellen and catch up, trying his best to stall before he had to go in.  Maybe he would get so into the conversation he would just talk with her until it was over.
Dean moved his hand as he continued to kiss Cas with all the passion in his body.  He skated his fingers in a soft swift motion against his abdomen just above the band of his boxers.
Dean used his other hand to remove Charlie's hands from his sleeve, "I knew you had your trig exam, and you needed to study." he explained.  "It was just the two of us with these two girls that we met at our community service run."
Cas looked up at Dean, tiny giggles still seeping in, and smiled incredibly wide.  "That's good".  Castiel almost sounded like a little kid.  A little kid with a voice like silk.
Dean could feel Cas lower his torso down against Dean’s and lean into his neck before his whispered, “Don’t worry, I liked it.”, and started scattering light kisses on Dean’s jaw and shell of his ear.
Dean forced himself to smile slightly at Cas before sitting back down in his seat.  Cas smiled back and followed.  Dean was trying really hard to be annoyed with him for not trying to get ahold of him since the last time they were together, but now that he was face to face with him, he was struggling to maintain that line of defense.  Castiel's look of total innocence and sweetness was starting to crawl its way into Dean's good graces as it always did.
He sat in his car for a few minutes debating.  He was completely lost in thought when he nearly jumped out of his skin to a hard slam against his driver side window.
Ellen leaned over and smacked Dean on the arm as she sat down, "Dean Winchester, you leave that cute little girl alone.  She doesn't need her boss to hear about the bottle of whiskey you two shared last night."
Dean listened to Cas go into his room and dig around for a cup to use when he called out to him, "What about you, Cas?"
Dean was shocked.  He had never showed up to a party this early, or this sober if he's honest, and he had also never shown up to a party without a posse.  He looked at Castiel, who's eyes were enlarged in terror as he looked at Dean.  Dean put a hand on his shoulder before leaning in so Cas could hear him, "Are you okay, man?"
Cas put his other hand on Gabriel's hand before he allowed Gabe to continue, "And even if things don't work out with Dean, all of that will still by true.  You can't let the mistakes of our mother and the sociopathy of our father hold you back from living your life, kiddo.  Because that's how the bastard wins."
Gabriel and Baz had turned from their few yards to the right of the two of them and continued to walk backwards towards their building yelling, "IT WAS NICE TO MEET YOU DEEEEEAN" mockingly back at Castiel.  Castiel rolled his eyes and huffed as he smiled slightly at Dean.
Dean cleared his throat, not sure if he Cas wanted to know everything, and decided to just provide a little bit of insight to see if he seemed interested enough for Dean to continue to the rest of it.  "She just seemed to get all of us without even knowing us a full year.  Her and Sam started dating about 5 months before my parents died and she was there for us from beginning to end.  All of us."
Cas choked on his newly sipped beer and had a small coughing fit before he was able to respond.  "Excuse me?!"
Cas finally answered him, his tone not giving away a single emotion or awkward drop, "I'm sure that if you explain why you want to pick them to the person in charge, they'll understand.  Sometimes they make exceptions."
"Both of you be quiet before we get in trouble,
Castiel blushed hard and slid his face back a little bit further into the other room.  The boy broke out into an all out chuckle.
"Thank you," he muttered, so softly that it made Dean want to cry, "Not everybody would've known what to do in that situation, and you didn't even bat an eye."
Cas looked up from his menu where Dean was looking with him and met her eyes.  He lit up.  "Charlie?  You work here?"
Jess pursed her lips and nodded once.  She looked at her watch and said, "Listen, I'll go run this over to Ellen, and then I'll come back and we'll figure it out, alright?"
“Of course, I did, Cas.”  It came out almost like a whisper.  “Did it come out the way that I had planned? No.”  Dean started to fidget with his fingers and kick around a stone by his feet.
Cas spent the next few minutes explaining to the two of them everything that had happened over the past few days, making sure to be specific about each almost kiss incident so that he wouldn't be yelled at for withholding information later on.  Baz and Gabe were practically shrieking by the end of it all, reacting to each part of the story like they were watching a movie and they were on the edge of their seats.  When Cas explained the final interaction between he and Dean that took place only 15 minutes ago in front of the door, both of them threw their heads back in frustration and groaned dramatically.
Dean strained to try and hear any reply coming from within the woods, but heard nothing.
Castiel's hand wrapped around Dean's head and his fingers curled into the hairs at the base of Dean's neck tightly.  Cas still seemed a little to taken aback to speak, but his eyes said it all.  He looked up at Dean through his eyelashes with a look of bewilderment and adoration before gripping his own bottom lip in between his teeth.  Finally after a few minutes Cas spoke softly, his voice sounding like he just ran a marathon, "Thank you for being impatient", and smiled a shy grin.
Charlie finally returned, sugar still on her face, but energy majorly shifted.  She smiled and took a breath before taking their orders.  Ellen ordered an omelet and so did Sam.  Bobby and Dean order the All American Breakfast and Jo order a bagel with cream cheese and bacon on the side.  "They are running me rampant this morning", she complained.
"If Sam was only eleven, that would make you, what? 14?"
“Thank you for seeing me.  And thank you for being you.”
Dean thought.
"Well, no, he's not dead.", Cas confirmed.  "More just decided he was done with us."
Dean was ripped suddenly from his dream with the clamoring of his alarm.  He shot up from his sleeping bag in reflex and looked around to take in his surroundings.  Memories of why he was on the floor washed over him as he blinked hard and woke himself up further.  He looked over to his noisy alarm clock to see that it read 6:45am.  His head ached a little.  Nothing serious.  He leaned over to his nightstand to turn off his noisy digital clock, careful not to knock over his water bottle from its spot.  Dean stood up from his spot on the floor and was instantly hit with goosebumps and shivers.  It was freezing in there.  He ran over to his dresser and quickly threw on jeans and a burgundy sweater.  He looked around for the source of the frigid air and realized that the window had been opened.  He had no recollection of doing that, so Castiel must have cracked it during the night.  Dean understood that.  When he had been hungover in the past, he also found himself in between hot and cold flashes.
Cas sighed and put his head in his hands before he heard his brother stand up from the couch in the common area and walk towards him, his slippers shuffling loudly against the marble floor.  Once he heard Gabriel stop in front of him, Cas peeked up at his older brother through his fingers and watched him give Cas an earnest and questioning look before asking, "What's going on, baby bro?"
"Okay, baby.  Whatever it is, I'm sure you'll be fine.  I love you."
"Welp it's probably going to have to be mine since Dean and C-" Gabriel started.
Dean knew the only reason Cas had put his hand on Dean is to be reassuring, but Dean suddenly couldn't breathe.  It was all he could do not to put his hand on top of his and squeeze.  Instead, Dean just laughed and agreed, saying that he would rather do almost anything else.
Dean shook his head carefully, his eyes still glued on Cas, "No, Cas, we were just eating dinner.  Tell me what's going on here."
Castiel leaned his head back from Dean's and looked at him fondly, brushing Dean's hair away from his face and petting it backwards.  Cas spoke after a few seconds just looking at Dean, "It's okay, Dean.  If I'm being perfectly honest, I was tired of it too."
"Well, we knew that Cassie would
"Famously.  You are all lovely people."  Castiel made meaningful eye contact with everyone at the table.  It was true.  Ellen and Cas had talked about Baz and Gabe on the whole way there, he had been cracking jokes with Jo and Sam almost all mass long, and he had been discussing the stock market with Bobby ever since they got out of church.  He was getting along with them famously.
Dean exhaled softly and swallowed as he let his forehead land in a small thud against the door that Cas had just shut.
Dean could hardly control himself from just ripping all of Castiel’s clothes off right here in the woods.  He wanted to throw him down on the ground and dive into him like the ocean, ripping, pulling, sinking until all he could feel was Castiel surrounding him.  Hearing the sweet noises bursting out of Cas’s beautiful mouth was about all Dean could take.
Being flipped so that Cas was now straddling Dean's waist and Dean could feel Cas's thighs against his own ribs must've spurred something on in Dean, because suddenly he flipped them back over, pretty aggressively and pined Cas's arms above his head, holding his wrists firmly.  Cas grunted in surprise and his eyes widened, Dean's blood was running hot in his veins as he looked at Cas predatorily.  He saw Cas swallow hard underneath him and Dean leant down closer to Cas and said smoothly and low, "Is that all you've got, tough guy?"
Cas thought for a second and replied, "I think I'd like to do the clothes one.  Canned foods really gross me out, sometimes."  Cas shuddered as he thought of them.
"You seem to care about her very much."
"Sam I will stab you", she jutted before he could finish teasing her.
Benny clicked his tongue between his cheek before taking a huge bite of his taco.  "Such a shame"
Dean noticed Gabriel's absence.  He wasn't with the others.  He must have slipped out between Piano Man ending, and Dean and Cas's performance, which was unlike him.  Dean figured that Gabriel would have wanted to stay and watch that unfold, considering he had told Dean that he had been actually doing things to purposely get them to get together a few weeks ago.  Dean whipped his head around looking for his friend, and didn't see him anywhere on the dance floor/dining room that they were in.
Cas threw his coat and keys down on the couch and ran over to Dean excitedly, "Ooh!  I want to see!"  He took the phone from Dean's hand and looked for himself.  A contented and appreciative smile crawled onto his face. "Jess is very beautiful"
Dean wracked his brain for a minute to try and think of a song that had an emotional impact on him.  Most of the religious songs he knew just made him smile because they made Ellen smile or because they had a fun beat.  He wasn’t sure if he could think of something that genuinely made him feel something.
Dean smiled as he thought about it and zipped up his now filled duffle bag before throwing it over his shoulder.  Benny was still there, laying on his bed, not looking like his was going to move any time soon.  Dean tapped on his shoulder and Benny opened his eyes.  "Hey man, I'm gonna head out.", he mumbled.
“Could you come like this?” Dean says as he tries -
The grocery store is cold like his empty hands, but he did this to himself. Castiel had raised his voice and stomped up the stairs, their indifference to the echoing slap of shoes on metal felt like mockery. Carrying a shopping basket does not ease the heaviness in stomach. He should just go home and tell Dean he didn’t mean it, but the words they haphazardly exchanged in the flurry of strained voices have gone from his mind. The drop of items against plastic is much duller than his frustration against metal.
Cas shrugs, grinning playfully, all nerves forgotten. Dean looks thoughtfully out over the small fields lined with trees around them.
The quest of truth is its sacrament,
Breaths coming a little more sporadically than he'd hoped
They keep each Order of Service
The first time Dean tried getting frisky after the service Cas had just sighed amusedly, and squinted in dismissal at Dean's efforts.
Dean gets up to flip the quickly crisping pieces of meat, shaking his head with amusement as Cas comments on one of Jason's similes about Florida.
“I wouldn’t be here without you.”
she stands tall and proud in her own traditional stohl: rainbow, like a watercolor painting. The opening words fall clear and refreshing into the ears of the crowd, almost like her voice is channeled directly from The Empress, a kind and loving mother.
He sighs softly,
as an invitation for Cas to bring it up after they get home in about 2 hours.
When she is finished, the choir rises and begins to sing:
Many people sing along, which Dean thinks is a bit cheesy. He clenches his jaw, not fully aware of the action, but when he hears Cas lightly humming in earnest beside him, he tells himself to stop being such an ass.
Dean had laughed, especially after Cas had used air quotes. It echoed under the stairs where they had eventually settled to “talk in private”. He nipped at Cas's spit-shiny bottom lip before pulling away and scrubbing a hand across his eyes, head bumping lightly against the outdated wallpaper.
When he senses Dean shifting bedside him, he cracks his eye open, just to gauge Dean’s reaction to the song. It’s cheesy for someone who hasn't spent much time at church, sure, but he is doubtful that Dean would have a displeased reaction to it. Which, to his relief, it’s not a negative reaction to the song in the way he thinks it could be. Dean is tense, and Cas is long since familiar with the look on his face, of fighting off a voice in his head, a bigoted demon from the past. Dean nods reassuringly anyway, and mouths “
That knee jerk reaction, however small, the grimace he surely had on his face, is a survival habit from his past. From protecting himself against He Who Shall Not Be Named. He silently shakes his head, trying to clear the flashback away, remove it from what he is currently experiencing.
"Except for me, it's 'not a man'. I've never been that, and being human doesn't change that."
"Hey Dean, how's it hangin?" she says brightly, her smile twinkles.
He almost doesn't notice Erin looking up at him. She is staring, a little apprehensive now that she is not in her mother’s lap or hiding behind her legs. Dean is
Castiel is to be loved with humanity.
Other mornings it's Dean, like this, or worse curled in a ball with frozen lungs and hot tears sliding into his ear.
Anji continues,
Dean chuckles, a little breathless, “If you really want to stop, we can.”
Cas comes back a few minutes later with the tray and a cup of coffee.
the first time Cas brings it up he makes an excuse. Claims he "isn't going anywhere near God-worshippers" no matter that Jack is God now.
The kitchen radio blasts Janis Joplin, while a big pot of oatmeal is left to settle on the burner. The scents of cinnamon and maple mix with coffee and waft through the kitchen.
Cas appreciates little human things like this more and more everyday, and he is grateful to have Dean as his role-model in this aspect of life too. When Dean turns back around, about five seconds later, he has a smile wide on his freckled face. Holding out a hand for Cas to take, they hustle up the stairs for the service. Just as the piano springs to life they are sitting down in their usual seats near the back of the sanctuary, mouthing silent hellos to their neighbors and taking off their coats. It feels comfortable, like they’re meant to be there.
Wonder fills this moment shared together.
'The Human Being is a repairing animal. Repair is ubiquitous, something we engage in every day and in almost every dimension of our lives. Homo sapiens is also Homo reparans…
"Thank you, thank you," he says in mock sincerity.
"You turned my life upside down."
This is the point where they both take a deep breath and shut their eyes for a few minutes. It’s their own little ritual of settling into the space. The graceful
They both turn, now standing in a small circle.
“You really think we’re made of stuff from outer space, Jack?” Dean says. “Even me?” he teases.
"I can make an O, Dean."
"This-" they look affectionately at him,
May it bring faith to guide our journey home.
“Please.” He says with a smile and watches as Dean pours the two cups. He adds just the right amount of milk and sugar for Cas’s because he is picky about his coffee.
He blushes red all the way up the bridge of his nose.
A smile can't really break your face, that's just a saying, too. But after long days cradled by sun-warmed leather and the love of his life by his side, Castiel has nothing to complain about. Not the ache in his jaw or the sweat dripping down his neck, and certainly not Dean's hand waffled with his on the seat between them.
“You’re really tall…" she says to Dean, halfway down the stairs already.
"Oh, ok!" Jack smiles, pausing his masterpiece. He holds it up in front of Castiel's face. "Look! This is what the sky looks like tonight!" He waves it around until Cas steadies it and holds it out far enough in front of him that he can actually
asphyxiated
Breaths coming a little more sporadically than he'd hoped
“Yeah, thank you for that, honestly. We’ve uh, we’ve been going through… a lot. Big shifts, family drama, life.” He laughs quickly, suddenly feeling exposed, “Cas knows more about UU than me, but we’re both new to this church.”
Anji nods, eyes cool and understanding.
Cas shrugs. “We could always tell them we let him watch the ‘adult documentaries’. It wouldn’t be a lie.”
Cas snorts, “couple times?”
the Confederate flag types, thank God. Moms and Dads in their casual-Sunday-Best dresses and Good Flannels, old folks in cable knit sweaters. It’s blue jeans and khakis, not suit pants and trench coats. Cas had given up the old Jimmy look along with his Grace a few months back, and Dean couldn’t be more thrilled with the way Cas looks in his favorite shirts. Of course, as the holiday season inches closer, the fancy hats and embroidery, glittering sweaters and blouses, are a common sighting. It’s still not as abrasive as Dean thinks it probably is at other churches this time of year.
And as if to soothe the blush that rises in Dean's cheeks
I’ve decided to mostly refer to Cas as “they” for the sake of simplicity. Yes this chapter is over 5k I have no idea how to stop myself it JUST KEEPS GOING.
He squeezes the hand that rests on his knee and looks across into bright, soft, admiring, blue eyes
& 6:45, 9, 11 PM my hands
have untamed Nephilim powers, but his sleep schedule was pretty much down pat. Most nights, at least. This is a perfectly chubby, loves grasshoppers, plays with rubber duckies in the tub, sings along to
He’s never planned on being in his 40s and in a position to actually smoke weed, so sue him if he’s a tad hesitant still even with no one else around to judge him.
He reads the chalky program over and over again
Cas kisses his cheek. Jack looks up at them, wide-eyed, and says earnestly, “Oh Dada, of
Grateful for what I am
Cas takes a deep breath and turns onto his back so he can take in Dean's sleepy face. He offers a sweet
Dean laughs.
Reassembling Dean's soul, shielding him through ascension from the cacophony of hell, rising to the womb, planting his body in the black soil of deep earth, and leaving him there to sprout again? That was Castiel's very first taste. Love, compassion, awe, and then heartbreak, because he knew Dean wouldn't remember. But he had
Between Cas and Dean’s s’more number two and three —Jack only gets
Cas takes a thoughtful sip of his own drink. “Yes. Something like that. He’s certainly not making it up. I wouldn't put it past Amara or some other cosmic being to let him in on some things like this either. Our view of star system is incredible from this planet.”
Cas notices his minuet movement and side eyes him, questioning. Dean’s eyes meet his, he relaxes his jaw, makes his tongue lay back down against the bottom row of teeth, and gives him a little reassuring smile. He mouths
I know now
They agreed that this place, and what they learn here, would be a first step on the road to recovering from never having a healthy consistent community in their lives.
It's late but not that late, and Dean is loose limbed from whiskey, hands anchored at Cas's hips as they move lazily across the long room.
to church. They've both met the old God, and he was a douchebag. The old God was literally Cas's father and number one original manipulator. That's a big bag to unpack, but it's been so long since Cas drank that liquor store that he has had to time to sort out what is hate for his father, and what is faith in humanity.
"Jack, three minutes until it's eating time," Dean calls from the sink. He rinses soap off a spatula, and plunks it into the rack, then turns to lean a hip against the counter and sips his coffee.
“So I’ve been told.” then, laughing a little, "My brother is even taller."
He finds himself thinking constantly. He also knows that he needs this.
Cas’ face a mirror. There is an abundance of further statements Dean wishes he had the stomach to say right now. So much bubbles under the surface; gratitude for Cas being here, for being human, disbelief and joy and grief. Grief for time missed with Cas, for watching him die so many fucking times, and also for Jack being gone. He isn’t ready yet to go into the self-loathing he is harboring, either, just in general. A huge part in this whole “try church” thing has to do with Jack. Their son… their son became God?
Castiel is to be loved with humanity.
If he remembers, he will ask Cas about it.
May it bring faith to guide our journey home.”
His smile is full, yet gentle, brimming hope and adoration. Without fail, Cas returns the expression, with added gratitude crinkling at the crows feet of his eyes.
Looking around the small plant-filled corner, he takes a long drag of the joint. Cas watches him, still cautious from Dean's earlier state, but tries not to look too motherly. He smiles, hope building behind it, and takes the joint as Dean exhales. They are having a conversation about smoking tricks.
Where the weed had settled Dean's nervous system, it also dampened his level of actually feeling awake. That’s where the coffee comes in to even him out.
They both return the it, then, Cas taking the lead he warmly replies,
And thinks that as long as Cas is with him, as long as he keeps asking Cas to
according to Dean, but before Cas can steal a bite he is being sucked into a conversation with Charlie. Dean raises his eyebrows, blinking confusedly as Cas is dragged along the length of the wood floor for what he assumes will be gossip time. Jo, Charlie’s younger sister, plants a hip into the table on the other side of Dean and they share a knowing look.
made them late, the disagreement at the grocery store about which milk to buy, where would they all go for New Years
“So good to meet you Anji. And you too, Erin.”
He waits for the muffled self-soothing little song to end before curling his arm tighter around Cas and dropping back into sleep.
"Earth to Jack?" Dean repeats, looking from Cas to the cup of crayons on the table and Jack's concentrated face. He looks up from his drawing, "What, Dada?"
the chest expanding, comforting hum that's coming from the other side.
The shoes are discarded by the door and he is snuggled against Dean no later than 3 seconds later. There are many ways to embrace someone, but Dean’s soul wrapping around his is by far his favorite mode of connection. Sometimes it’s casual, a habit of saying hello or see you later, and sometimes it’s the only thing that holds him to the ground.
He looks Dean directly in the eye, they're glimmering with love.
“You did better than I probably would've.”
The four of them head towards the set of double doors, from where they can almost
"You're quite lucky." Cas says, then hands the joint back to him.
"Whatever you want, baby."
“I love you” Dean whispers as the rustle of bodies and conversation quiets and a piano comes to life with the service prelude.
After they've eaten the bacon and toast and some
He reads it twice, delightfully surprised by this turn of events. Before Dean can even try to brush off the purpose of the journal, that he wants them to share intimate words, he is pulling Dean's chin down so their lips meet, sweet and staunch. When he pulls away, he taps the page where the writing is.
Some mornings are more hellish than others. Whether it's the nightmares or the raging anxiety that viciously stirs him to consciousness all too suddenly. Either way, it is onerous to navigate. It doesn't matter how many years it's been since John’s abuse, his tour of hell, since Michael, and all the times he’s watched his loved ones die. The nightmares and breathtaking anxiety come now
“Hmmm," Cas sighs, "it helped me understand, truly. It's difficult to acquire all the language needed to explain human identities… Thank you for binge-watching that show around me so much... Jason is quite adorable if you’re wondering my opinion.”
Sooner than later, Dean had come to accept that Cas is right. And every Sunday that they make the trek to the little white sanctuary, he is proved that it
how to not be devastated.
you are.” Like he knows Dean already knew the answer. Then he burrows his way even further inside Cas's jacket, head just peeking out enough to see Venus and the moon.
"I know the guy who makes 'em, so don't even try to tell me it's 'too much'... "
"Give me one second, buddy, gotta set this down."
Cas had tweaked his nipple in response, running at the door before he could either let himself be tackled by Dean, or change his mind and do something insane like get a blow job from him
He's sat in churches, bloody and praying, a thousand times before
"Oh yeah? Let's see it, big boy." he grins, a challenge.
Being older than time is not all that it is cracked up to be. He's seen enough death to make a reaper quiver, but he has also seen miraculous occurrences of life spring into thin air. Some things just happen, without logical reason or viable possibility. Like falling out of a pair of wings and into stolen sneakers plucked fresh from the box.
end of the road.”
"In '
used so matter of fact and fondly in reference to him. Cas is chuckling.
“That we are made from them. We’re like star fairies." He giggles.
“If it makes you feel better,” Cas said, fetching scissors from a drawer, “This box is for you. I bought you something.”
Unfortunately, he had a point. Statistically speaking, humans were the greater killer. But not all humans murdered. And not all vampires drank. He’d heard Dean and Sam speak of some who restrained their bloodlust.
She’d called him today, out of the blue, while he was driving. He hadn’t recognized the number when he answered the call, and it had taken him a few seconds to realize who was speaking. Anna sounded tired.
. The,
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas stayed silent and Dean tried, “I know it’s real sudden, but everything happened so fast.” When Cas still didn’t speak, Dean sighed, bit at the skin around his thumbnail. “Come on, talk to me, man.”
“Listen, just.” Dean glanced at Benny over his shoulder. “Just figured if we have a vampire with us, should make sure he’s in top fighting shape.”
"That sounds wonderful."
The leaf rose upwards, drawing his eyes to the top of the ridge where a patch of open sky shimmered. A gash, forming in midair, growing to reveal an interior of pale blue light.
Forgot himself, wide-eyed stare, heated face, until Dean looked at him. Forgot Benny, held in Dean’s gaze. Didn’t need to look beyond to his soul, entranced by the micro-shifts in his expression, his tongue wetting his bottom lip.
“Stop fraternizing with the enemy,” Dean told Jack.
“That’s godawful, brother.”
“Fucking Duluth.” Dean’s voice grew fainter, a refrigerator door opening then shutting. “Man, remember? You had, what, 600 miles to go in 12 hours?” Something creaked and his voice was louder again. “So you couldn’t stop for long, we only had two hours. Hardly got to see you. It sucked. Made the most of it, though.” Castiel heard the smile in his voice. “Wasn’t so bad.”
“What’s up, buttercup?” Cas asked, looking back at him.
“Don’t worry, cher, he doesn’t mind.” Benny grinned at Castiel. “Right, Cas?”
They were getting closer to their escape, or so Benny said. Kept saying. Sometimes Castiel thought he could sense the portal too. Maybe not, maybe his mind playing tricks on him, wishful thinking. How long had he been stuck here?
Castiel’s first days on Earth after his time in the Empty were dizzying. He was alive, he could feel joy without a threat hanging over his head, he could look at Dean without a secret sitting heavy in his chest, and he could hear Dean say the words he’d never let himself dream of hearing.
“Yeah, Gabe. He called me, fuck... last week, I think. Keeps saying he’ll visit, but he’s not going to. Probably better, nothing for him here.”
“Shells,” Jack agreed and began digging.
“Yeah, right. You guys are joined at the hip. If he’s in the area, you’d know.”
“Quit it you two,” Dean said, shifting away to lean against the base of a gnarled tree. “All I need is a few hours of shut-eye. Try not to kill each other while I’m out.”
Bobby had loved through games of catch and fond
Dean threw his hands up. “Alright, fine. Yeah.”
Castiel shrugged. “Yes.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean spoke up. “Who the fuck are you?”
Turning his head, Castiel studied Dean, who kept shifting to get comfortable, resting his blade on his thighs. What had happened to him in the months they’d been apart? He still believed leaving Dean’s side had been necessary, but regret, always brimming just under the surface, swelled now in his chest to the point of physical pain. Maybe he was only trying to convince himself he had been right in leaving Dean; he’d done his fair share of explaining away his own mistakes before, never to good results.
"Grow up," Dean said, draping Cas' coat and tie over his arm. Okay, so maybe they’d given Sam a reason to be on-guard now, but, "It's not what it looks like."
Dean and Cas caught each others’ eyes guiltily over the Impala’s roof. “I’m glad you had so much fun,” Cas told Jack, buckling him in.
Stopping to grab his gun first, Dean followed Jack back to the kitchen. He swore, if the Djinn made a mess… But the room was empty and surprisingly clean for the amount of activity that had just been going on in there.
i don't use tons of "trucking terms" in this fic, but if there are any terms you don't recognize, here's a
Desperately, he willed his grace forward, but it recoiled, betraying him. The Leviathan’s mouth opened wide, head tilted back. He’d be swallowed, crushed in its mawls—
“Tell me this ain’t the same river,” Dean said, joining him. “Thought we were trying to get away from it.”
“Cool.” Dean hovered near his chair, suddenly feeling sheepish holding the thin bracelet in his hand. He cleared his throat. “Hey, you, uh. You know what day it is?”
Despite the lack of a time limit, furious scribbling followed. Dean liked to think he was a decent drawer, but using crayons—most of which were broken—sure made it difficult.
“Dean!” Torn from his throat.
“Could still try the team driving. Sure someone else might be interested.”
“An ‘accurate Biblical Tabernacle Reproduction’ three miles from here,” Dean said, tossing the brochure aside. “Swear Lancaster had one of those too.”
“Don’t blip out on me now, you hear?” Arm tightening around his waist as if he could contain Castiel’s wings. “Don’t go anywhere.”
“Fuck, dude.” Dean sat down next to him, their thighs pressed together, and ran his finger over the etchings. “What, he’s gonna drop dead in two days?”
Castiel could point out that as a vampire, Benny most certainly belonged here, but he let the opportunity slide. Dean didn’t move away, so their shoulders stayed pressed against each other. In the silence, he could hear Dean’s heartbeat.
He snapped his head up. Dean was praying to him—instantly, he extended his wings and flew back, blade at the ready.
“It’s okay,” Cas soothed, rubbing Jack’s back as he clutched at Dean's shirt, sobbing. To Dean, he said, “He’s alright. I don’t think he swallowed any.”
“Can’t believe...” He trailed off and Cas seemed to hear something in his voice because he lifted his head and squinted at him. “Just can’t believe I’m actually gonna quit.” He avoided Cas’ eyes, hating himself for talking about it now, when he’d made up his mind, when it was happening regardless. “Sure it’ll be all of two seconds before I’m itching to be back on the road. Running the shop might not even work out.”
But he felt bad for thinking it. He didn’t want Cas to move away from him—if anything, wanted him closer, wanted his arm around him. But he felt too tense to move.
Cas rolled his eyes. Dean grinned when Jack offered him a bite of his pretzel and Cas had to act like he enjoyed it. Turning back to the sink, he grabbed the sponge. This
Cas grinned. “And so I conditioned you to think I’d do it now.”
“We are
Castiel kept shaking his head, stacking more stones. “You don’t want me anymore. I rebelled, you punished me, you said I was tarnished.”
They lay there for a few minutes, heartbeats slowing, then Dean pushed himself up. He threw away the condom, and Castiel pushed himself over onto his back, stared up at the ceiling. Dean collapsed back down next to him with a sigh, the bed creaking. Castiel’s skin was cooling, but his heartbeat had quickened again. Through the walls, he could hear a TV playing in another room, muffled music and laughter.
“What, we’re too old?” Dean asked defensively.
Cas tilted his head into him. “Mhm.”
Castiel hurried after Dean. This discussion had been hanging over their heads for long enough; Dean must know his insistence on bringing Castiel along was foolish, dangerous. “Dean, please listen to me. I won’t endanger your chances of escaping—”
Benny did so, and Castiel watched as Dean’s expression softened, body going slack. Despite himself, he felt a surge of jealousy in his chest. A long time since he held Dean close, true form surrounding Dean, knitting his body back together, tucking his soul into his chest. A holy, pure act, stark contrast to the carnal one presented to him now.
Cas gave him a look. “Not what you’re thinking.” He cut through the tape securing the box. “I read that this can relieve stress and help you sleep better.”
Wheeling around, he saw Benny grappling with another vampire. “Helping humans?” it snarled at him. “Betraying your own kind?”
“Woah, now,” Dean started to protest.
Getting out of the shower, he scrubbed himself dry with his towel, inspected a cut along his arm. Not deep enough for stitches. If Sam had avoided a concussion, they were lucky. The ghoul was dead, at least. Left a dozen ruined graves and a few torn apart teenagers in its wake, but dead.
“Think so.” He cleared his throat. “I think plenty of towns have them.”
A clinking noise drew Dean’s attention to where Zara was standing at the head of the table, tapping a glass with a spoon. The room grew quiet and she announced, “I want to say thank you to the Winchesters and my betrothed Castiel for so graciously welcoming us into their home. I hope this meal marks the beginning of a wonderful alliance between us Djinn and the hunters. Now let us eat!”
“Finally,” Cas sighed. Bouncing in his car seat, Jack cheered.
Clutching his hand, blood spraying from where his fingers once sprouted, the werewolf fell to one knee. Dean kicked him in the chest and sent him sprawling on his back.
Castiel started forward to help, then startled as another vampire emerged on his left. His blade dropped into his hand and he slashed it in a wide arc, catching skin. The monster snarled as blood streamed from its neck, fangs dripping saliva. It lunged forward and Castiel stumbled back, only just managing to fend off the vampire's extended, clawing hands.
"No, don't apologize. I should be thanking you. So, uh. Thanks."
smile. “Now, do you really wanna help me relax?”
“Shit,” Dean whispered, then long inhale, denim on denim, unzipping.
“Yeah, yeah, I know how to swing a blade, killed enough vamps to know by now—” He cut himself off, and Castiel tensed, watching Benny carefully.
Though Castiel knew his grace was lighting his eyes, Dean didn’t seem worried for his own safety at all. He kept his grip on Castiel’s arm, and under his gaze, slowly, Castiel let his grace simmer down.
Cas nodded as he pulled off his trenchcoat, the edges bloody and muddy. “We’re all safe. You don’t have to torture yourself thinking about what could’ve happened.”
“Of course you’d be a nerd about this,” Dean complained. He nodded at where Zara was entering the room talking with Cas. “Don’t think she’s gonna give Cas up that easily. She already seems pretty attached.”
The throbbing slowly abated. Dean had a thin scratch across his forehead, cutting through his eyebrow. Hair matted with sweat and blood—his own or that of the various monsters they had faced today, Castiel didn’t know. Suspected he might look the same.
His grace glowed faint in the cut and his skin stitched back together. “Fine,” he said curtly, continuing to walk.
Castiel shut his eyes for a long moment. His grace reached for the familiar soul which hesitantly approached. His fingers curled into the river silt. Clasping one of the smooth stones in his fist, he pushed himself to his feet and turned.
The amputated head stared at him from the ground, empty eyes.
“‘Spect so.”
It was so reckless, and Dean couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Yeah, I know,” Cas said, walking over. “So much damn traffic around Sacramento.”
“He needs… guidance,” she settled on. “He still thinks of you.”
Dean forced a smile. “Looks good.”
“Shit. Must’ve been weird.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean kissed him again, pausing to say, “I guess I just never admitted it to myself.”
Cas nodded. “I’ll be out back.” He headed that way, calling, “Hi, Bobby.”
Dean cheered up instantly, taking it from him. “You’re an angel.” Leaning over, he kissed him on the cheek.
Sam only held his gaze for a second before it seemed his courage failed. He ducked his head. “No,” he mumbled, kicking at the table leg.
Finishing logging his inspection, he wondered if he should call his dispatcher, ask if there was any way to drop off this trailer early. He was restless to get things going with the shop, reacquaint himself with the place. It’d been a while since he’d done much work there, usually just spent his hometime working on Baby. Now he’d actually get a chance to drive her.
Dean had seen his fair share of accidents—been lucky enough to never be involved in one—but, still, seeing one never got any easier. He’d heard too many accident horror stories from other drivers, and even knowing Cas had escaped this one unharmed didn’t make it easier to look at the wreckage.
Castiel turned to see Benny sitting a few feet away, holding Dean’s handkerchief to his ear. So, Dean’s concern for him was no more than simple fear that he would lose a means to an escape.
Benny and Dean were silent, and he felt their eyes boring into him.
Lightning split the night, and the hairs on the back of Castiel’s neck rose at the static electricity buzzing in the air.
One of the reasons he’d always felt so drawn to Dean: they had so much in common. The idea had seemed absurd at first; how could a human and an angel ever be similar? Didn’t seem absurd anymore, seemed comforting. That even now, Dean would try to relate to him.
he told himself.
“Dammit,” he muttered to himself, kicking aside a stray werewolf tooth half-hidden in the dirt. No matter where he turned, always confronted by his own monstrosity.
“But what?”
Now there was a curious question. What
“Cas! Damn it! Come on!” Dean clambered the rest of the way to the portal and without hesitation, took a step inside. The blue light consumed his leg and lower half, and Castiel could tell he was struggling to fight its pull, to keep one foot in Purgatory.
Encouraging Cas to leave with his Djinn friends may have been the mature thing to do, but that didn’t stop it from hurting like hell. Going back inside, Dean holed up into his room, not wanting to hear Zara’s gleeful excitement when Cas told her he was going back with her to her kingdom. He had a feeling Zara wasn’t going to be calling off the engagement anytime soon.
Cas parted the curtains in every motel they slept in, tilted his face to the sun beaming through the windshield, urged Dean to stop for a cardboard sign reading
Dean stepped into it, wrapping his arms around her. A gentler hug, Donna rubbing his back. Dean sunk into the embrace, the chaos around him subsiding for a moment.
“Good. But I gotta ask, that really all you want?”
“Stuck,” Jack said, pointing at Dean’s legs and Dean pretended to not be able to lift his legs, sending Jack into a fit of giggles. “Dada, look!” he called, pointing and looking back at Cas.
Castiel unlocked the door and, stepping inside, flipped on a light switch. A tiny room: one queen-size bed and a table with a chair in the corner. Mild odor of mildew, which by motel standards was as good as it got.
"What?" Looking back, it
“Curl in the—” Benny scoffed, looked to Dean. “And
Cas typed his number into his phone. “Nothing. Just driving.” He handed Dean’s phone back. “Took your advice, bought a slow cooker for food. And some plants.”
“Stings like a bitch,” Dean said, his voice strained. Castiel’s head snapped up to see him force a laugh. “All good.”
He didn’t ask so much as he stated it, but he still stood there waiting for an answer. Dean’s throat felt tight, his heart pounding, so he only shrugged.
Second playgroup, Cas had gotten in a fiery debate over the ethicality of beekeeping, and what was Dean supposed to do? Not back him up? He hadn't known you could get kicked out of the zoo for "disorderly conduct."
Then Cas stopped and looked at him, one hand on the door. Distantly, Dean registered a truck sounding its horn across the lot and cars whizzing past on the highway, but all he really noticed was the way a slight wind pushed Cas' collar to the side, moved his hair across his forehead. He couldn't think of a thing to say.
Maybe it was implied on his face because Jack looked mildly uncomfortable. “I can tell, she isn’t evil. She’s friendly.”
Sunlight glinted off the hoods of the cars passing him in the left lane and, glancing in his side mirror, he saw another rig approaching, turn signals flashing to pass him. From the brief glimpse he got, he didn’t think he recognized the driver. After so many years of solo driving, he knew plenty, but he could still go weeks without seeing anyone he knew on the road.
happen when they got back to Earth? Part of him dreaded returning. Back to the mocking and derision of his fellow angels. No place for him in Heaven.
Cas nodded and Dean let his eyes run over him. He’d be lying if he said if he hadn’t been hoping to see Cas again soon. He hadn’t planned on making a habit out of hooking up in the odd times they ran into each other, but he saw Cas infrequently enough and—as evidenced by Cas joining in on a fight he knew nothing about just to help him—the guy was good people. Not to mention he wasn’t so bad in bed.
They hurried through their showers, drying themselves off perfunctorily. Dean rubbed a towel through Castiel’s hair, mussing it, and grinned when Castiel knocked his hand away and tried to smooth it.
Jack nodded and tugged at his and Cas’ hand. “Again!”
Surprised, Castiel stared at him. So this too, they had in common. Wanted to protest, tell Dean he was as far from a monster as one could be. But he thought of how it was nice, that Dean didn’t argue with him, didn’t tell him he was wrong.
“Sorry, hun,” the clerk said. “Last room just got taken.”
“Of course.” Resigned, almost.
A vampire a mile away. Perhaps Benny knew him; he could ask, mock him. Instead, he nodded.
When they got near the waters’ edge, Cas came out of the ocean, hair dripping wet. He was smiling wide and Jack tugged at Dean’s hand, yelling, “I swim!”
“Did it hurt you?”
, but the other told him this was the mature thing to do. Give Cas the freedom to make up his own mind.
“Don’t worry,” Dean said, closing his eyes again. “I’ll drive you crazy by the end of it.”
In a life where you could lose anyone in the blink of an eye, he learned he must love sparingly. The less he loved, the less he stood to lose.
He almost gave in, almost returned to the bar and found Dean. But he forced himself to keep walking to his truck. He opened the cab door, then hesitated, dreading the thought of lying in the sleeper alone.
“May love and peace follow him the west of his days.... Signed by the one who guawds and... cher-ish-es this soul.” Jack giggled and grinned up at him. “Daddy love you!”
Dean smiled down at his boots, a comfortable warmth that had nothing to do with the sun spreading through his chest. Sometimes it hit him all at once just how much everything had changed in the past few months. Taking over the shop, getting used to the work, getting used to this new relationship with Cas.
“You gotta be kidding me.”
The rocky coast off of Oregon delighted Cas. He rolled up his pant legs, clutched Dean's hand as they walked unsteadily over the slippery rocks to step into the Pacific Ocean. The wind whipped his hair over his face and he pushed back the strands, grinning back at Dean. Sometimes at night, when Cas slept curled into him, Dean looked at the photo he'd taken of him and wished he had a place of their own to frame it.
“This seems like a good spot,” Dean said, trying to hold onto both a wriggling Jack and two beach chairs. He set Jack down and looked back at Sam, Eileen, and Cas, who were weaving their way through various blankets and beach chairs occupied by other beachgoers.
“Drop it, Cas.” Leaning his head back against the tree, he shut his eyes. “We’re here, we gotta get out. That’s all there is to it.”
“I’m sure it must be exhausting hosting so many visitors all week,” Zara said.
Dean stared at him. And, yeah, he guessed he had told Cas to leave. But Cas should know by now that he was an idiot who usually said the wrong things. “I didn’t mean it,” he said. “I’ll go crazy if you leave, honest. I can’t…” He thought about how empty the bunker felt when Cas left for even a day, thought about how much it killed him to see Cas with Zara, and said, almost desperately, “I can’t do that. You leaving.”
He wished so badly he had never made all the mistakes he had. Wished he was worthy to join the righteous man on Earth. Wished he had the boldness of Benny, a vampire, to ask Dean for his blood, his body.
Dean realized he was frowning. “Nothing.” Flexing his shoulders, he stretched out his back, stiff from poring over books. “Just, three people are already dead. I better be right that it’s a pack of vetala.”
The wind howled outside, filling the awkward silence.
When Cas waters his plants, spending ample time on each, the water droplets bounce and roll over the leaves and petals, leave indents in the soft dirt. Dean hooks his chin over his shoulder, and he is content.
“For fuck’s sake, guys,” Dean protested. “Cas, stow the blade. Benny, come on, man.”
Cas eyed him. “He was another driver. We were talking.”
Dean gestured around them. Trees, weeds, parked cars, and the highway divider. “Not much to look at.”
“Really?” Castiel leaned over to see the photo of Jack in a school uniform, wearing a backpack nearly as big as he was. “Crazy. I remember you showing me a photo right after he was born.”
“Screw you, old man,” she called. Jack skipped after them and she checked her phone to see Kaia had texted her:
Dean’s eyes fluttered open. “What?” he mumbled.
ty for reading! im excited to share the epilogue with you all next week; these characters are always telling me what they want to do and say, and i can only follow their lead. hope you enjoyed this chapter!
“Hey,” Cas said, touching his shoulder. Dean tensed, then felt awful for his reaction, but Cas didn’t move away, only rubbed between his shoulder blades until Dean relaxed marginally. “You okay?”
Dean whistled. “Shit. Did a number on you.”
“Yes,” Cas answered easily enough, meeting his eyes.
Just as he opened his mouth to tell Benny,
Cas took the pins to the cash register where Wren rang them up. Dean added the bisexual flag pin and Claire threw in a pair of spiky earrings, because, hey, they were paying.
Maybe Dean truly missed him when they were apart. Or maybe not. Maybe he didn’t miss him like Castiel did. Castiel missed him enough to want something to change, to want more. To be able to give this thing between them a name. To be able to say Dean was his, that no one else had him. It felt absurd to even dream of having that, too absurd to admit, though the thought was always there, at the back of his mind.
“Well, we can get on our way now.” Dean looked up at the sky. “Can get some distance before dark.”
Dean shook him off and stepped away, adjusting his collar. “Don’t matter how we got here, we’re getting out.”
“Alright,” Dean said, kicking the head away from his boots. “Same story as the last one. Few days away, can’t miss it.”
He nudged Cas’ shoulder. “Come on, shouldn’t be hard, you’ve had practice.”
“I knew I could not be free anywhere,” Castiel murmured, as if to himself. Bending, he grabbed one of the stones, then stared at it and laughed. “Never mind,” he said. He tossed it back on the tower and it skittered down, knocking down others with it. “The time for that is over.”
“Cold,” Jack said, putting a toe in, then stepping back quickly and almost tripping.
Castiel let his hand fall to his side, the woods around them suddenly looming and wide. He was just one tiny part of this trio, and if he didn’t fit in here, how could he ever fit in on Earth?
It was not obvious. Dean stared at him, then it hit him. “You can see the sigils?”
Dean glared at their retreating backs. “A feast? What the hell is happening?”
“Reno. Need to get there by the 14th.”
“And you...” He looked around the boat again, and Benny followed his gaze, taking in the chipped paint, dirt stained walls, dusty floors. The red cooler sitting heavy on the table, holding one of the only things that kept him sane now. Didn’t go beyond these walls very much. Too bright outside. Too much noise.
Ignoring them both, Castiel announced, “There’s a pair of vetala close by. I don’t believe they’ve caught mine or Dean’s scent yet.” Still no Leviathan. Couldn’t let his guard down though, not for a second. There were too many of them here to avoid them for long.
Cas didn’t speak and Dean worried he was going to hang up, was going to tell him this gesture was too little too late. He was on the verge of begging Cas to give him a chance, when Cas said, “I should reach Fargo by tonight.”
“Nope,” Benny said, resting his blade on his shoulder. He kicked at one of the heads. “Just two of the bastards.”
him drink from you?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, standing there awkwardly, unsure what to do with his hands. Dean introduced everyone, and Castiel nodded at them in turn.
Dean screwed up his face. “Alright, Einstein.” He shook his head. “No thanks.”
“I ain’t saying nothin’. Like I said, first rule of Purgatory. Don’t trust no one. You’re a fool if you do.” He glanced back at Castiel as he spoke. What was he implying? That Castiel was one of the creatures Dean shouldn’t trust? As if he hadn’t earned his place by Dean’s side, unlike a blood-obsessed vampire.
“I should’ve taken time off, I knew she was getting worse—” Cutting himself off, he stared off to the side, biting at the skin around his thumbnail.
He couldn't meet Cas' eyes. “Me neither," Cas said just as quiet. "I mean, it’s the same. No one else.”
“Got freaking splashed in the face,” Dean said, letting Jack escape his grip to go to Cas, who took him in his arms.
When Cas spoke, his voice was level. “After all this time, you’re really gonna tell me that this is what you want, that you really don’t feel anything towards me? After all this time.”
“I know,” Dean said. He took a deep breath, forced the words out, “But… nothing lasts forever, Cas. That’s how it goes. Maybe we both knew this was gonna end eventually. Maybe we’re not cut out for more.” It hurt, saying the words, but it was the truth. Much as he wanted to be with Cas, he didn’t want to kid himself into thinking it was the smartest choice, that it would work.
Dean seemed to get the message and stopped looking over, and Castiel grew tired of the whole charade. “It’s getting late,” he said when Noah stopped talking. “I should head out.”
He’d eaten on the road when it became apparent he wouldn’t be reaching this stop until later so, after waiting in line and finally showering, he decided to head back to his truck and wait there.
Frantic eyes, couldn't look in them for too long. Shaking his head, he caught sight of a Leviathan head laying beside him. Could see right down its throat to the forest beyond, its head disconnected from its body. The ground sizzled where its blood dripped, and its eyes remained bottomless pits.
Trying to find something to talk about, Dean settled on the subject he knew both he and Cas were avoiding. But no use in pretending it wasn’t gonna happen. “Sam called me today. Said him and Eileen and the kid are gonna visit when I get back to Bobby’s place.”
Zara looked up from where she and Sam were poring over books in the library. Sam frowned, looking around. “I haven’t seen him yet today.”
Frantically, Castiel wiped his hands on the grass, couldn’t tell whether the burning was in his mind or real, was it dead, or had it only crept into his throat, into his stomach, to control him, whisper to him—
“Dean.” Castiel touched his arm, stopping his slew of words. He looked almost apologetic—but that wasn’t right, Dean thought. Cas shouldn’t be apologizing; all he’d done was speak the truth. “I want you to know. You don’t have to love me back, I understand if you don’t—”
Not for love. Love made you weak, made you reckless, soft.
How could he trust Dean when it was clear his allegiances had been swayed by a blood-drinking vampire? But Dean was right about one thing. They needed Benny. Castiel had to get Dean out of here, couldn’t let him stay one more moment in this place which corrupted everything it touched, corrupted Dean’s very beliefs.
When he drew away, he realized Benny was watching. It seemed the more human blood Benny received, the less sleep he required. Just another way to torture Castiel; he could no longer have even a quiet night to himself.
He was tossing a book onto the
Panicked now, Dean looked back at him, and Castiel squeezed his hand tightly one last time before breaking their grip. Dean’s eyes widened and Castiel forced himself to yell, “Go!”
Ellen picked the phone back up, "You still there, baby?"
"Honestly, if Cassie hasn't dropped to his knees by now at least, that's just down right criminal.  He's staying at the man's house for crying out loud."  Balthazar called out from his room, obviously oblivious to Castiel's presence.
Dean took the opportunity to do the thing he had been wanting to do for a while, but knew it had to be face to face without getting smacked.  He cleared his throat and attempted to dissolve the lump forming there.  "In that case, mama, would you do me the honor of being my sponsor?"
Dean sat down and joined him, letting out a contented sigh and wrapping his arms around Castiel tightly.  Cas leaned into the touch and shifted so his head could rest against Dean’s chest as Dean hugged Cas into himself.  They sat there for a while in silence before Dean broke it.
Dean looked down and realized what he was being asked, "Oh, I'm sorry, yes.  Yes I need that."
Cas shot back,
"Okay gang," Bela started, "Bathroom is upstairs and to the right, back porch is attached to the kitchen, and the basement is sound proof.  So, have fun!"
Castiel clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment before his mother stepped to the side, and left him face to face with his old man.
Bobby snorted, "Jesus Christ, son.", as he handed Dean two Advil for him to swallow.
"Can I come in, please?"
Dean could feel his face start to warm up with embarrassment and he quickly wrapped his arms around his face to hide from Cas, who was just looking more and more beautiful by the second outside in the woods like this.  It was unfair, really.  Dean groaned underneath his arms and yelled out, “No you didn’t!  I don’t know what you’re talking about!”
Dean looked over at Castiel and couldn't help but smile.  The guy was laying on his stomach and curled into Dean's pillow, with his face turned toward where Dean had been sleeping.  His hair was all over the place and he was in nothing but his hoodie and boxers.  He must have gotten sick of the tightness of his jeans last night as well.  Cas was snoring.  Not in a lawn mower way but, in a small whistling way that made Dean want to reach down and run his fingers through his hair.  His legs were wrapped in the sheets, but the rest of the blankets seemed to be discarded on the floor or hanging from the mattress.  Dean looked over at Benny as the sound of his friend's loud snoring interrupted the peaceful moment he had found with a sleeping Castiel.  In that moment, he remembered.  Cas had thought Benny was hot.  In fact, the two of them had openly flirted in front of him.  Dean glared at Benny from where he was standing.  The sound that rushing from his nose starting to irritate Dean more and more, when he normally, didn't hear it.
Gabriel's face lit up, "Hellz yeah, man!  She is a
he thought,
She squeezed his hand before walking to her side of the car.
Cas flinched backwards some as Dean leaned across the couch to place his hand gently on Castiel's cheek.  Once Cas was broken from the trance and realized it had just been Dean, Cas caught his breath and tried to soothe himself by taking another deep breath and looking Dean in the eyes.  Dean's expression was kind as he looked back at Cas with all the sincerity he could muster and said, "I promise you, he is missing out."
Cas smiled and lifted his hand back into his lap, looking forward as Chuck began.
Castiel and Dean have an interesting introduction and things remain icy between Castiel and his father.
There was Balthazar, pressed up against the wall with his eyes closed, moaning like he had just bitten into a juicy cheeseburger.  And even better, there was Gadreel, with his face pressed up against Balthazar's chest, kissing down his torso and rubbing circles into Baz's hips gently.  Dean heard Cas gasp underneath him and Dean looked down to see Cas with his jaw on the ground, chuckling a little bit in his surprise.  Dean grabbed him by his shirt collar and pulled him back into the bathroom, carefully shutting the door behind them so not to disturb the interaction that they had just witnessed.
Dean shuffled his shoes as he walked, trying to think of something to say to Cas that would interrupt the silence, but Cas was just looking up at the sky with a big goofy grin spread across his face.  Finally curious about what Cas was so interested in, Dean looked up too, realizing that in all of his anxiety about talking to Cas, he had missed that it started to snow.  Dean felt the tension that was bubbling in his chest soar out of his body as he watched the tiny white flurry dance in the air.
"Are you
Charlie ran into the coffee shop with her hands up to her head, trying to shove all of her hair into a ponytail.  She slammed herself down on the red stool next to Dean's, and he slid the drink that he had bought for her over into the counter space in front of her.  "You are my knight in shining armor, Winchester."  Charlie continued to take a gigantic gulp from the cup and winced from the temperature, but still did not stop.
“What song would you like to sing for us, Dean?” Chuck asked, strumming on his guitar lightly.
Great.  Dean could see how out of shape Cas really was.  Cas lifted his head from resting against the trunk of the tree to turn and face Dean head on.  Between shaky breaths Cas blurted out, “Did you really mean that?  Did you really mean to say what you did up there?”
"It's not a trip," Dean clarified, "it's a religious spiritual retreat for our confirmation course.  You make it sound like a vacation.", Dean scoffed.  Benny just rolled his eyes before Dean actually answered the question, "We leave tomorrow."
As always, enjoy!
The family, once again, looked at each other expectantly.  No one raised a hand or nodded.  "I'll go see who it is, maybe Mr. Sutton needs to borrow the shovel again." Dean said, standing up and wiping the excess sauce off of his face from messing with Jo before he left the table.
"Okay." Benny started, "If he doesn't say anything to you by the time you get there about it, I think it may be time to pull out the big guns."
Castiel let his other hand travel to Dean’s balls, remembering that tip from Gabriel.  It was very unfortunate that Cas had to think about his brother through this, although he was really grateful for the lesson.
Dean’s eyes lifted up in search of Castiel.  He could feel his heart pounding a mile a minute and all he wanted was to see those big blue eyes.  When he finally made eye contact with Cas, he saw that Cas too was fighting off emotion as Dean stared back at him meaningfully.  Flashes of him and Cas sitting together and talking about Mary and John, holding each other in Dean’s back porch, singing and laughing together in the suite and at Adam’s house parties entered Dean’s mind, and Dean was suddenly calm.  Looking into the blue pools of beauty, wisdom, and understanding he uttered out the final line of the chorus, “
Jess just laughed and so did Dean, and then he leaned over and gave her a hug.  "I'm so glad you're home.", Jess said as she rubbed her hand across his back.
Castiel finally managed to peel his eyes open and look at Dean.  His euphoria catching up to him as his mouth opened a little wider in pleasure.  His dark blue irises were almost completely absorbed by his pupils and he moaned as Dean fisted his cock even harder.
Dean walked a few steps closer to place his favorite ornament in his palm and brush the sides of it with his fingertips.  It was a picture frame made out of purple and green pipe cleaners that surrounded a picture of a little Dean, Jo, and Sam from when they were all under the age of 10.  Dean had been about 6 years old in this one.  He was wearing corduroy overalls and a baseball cap, his blond hair poking out from underneath it with a great big smile on his face.  That would have made Jo 5 and Sam 4.  The two of them were holding hands in front of Dean, who had his arms around both of them.
Dean heard Ellen put the phone down and then,
"Would you two stop?" Cas asked, his face still in his jeans, "Nothing happened, okay?  At least nothing real happened anyway."
Dean smiled as the lump in his throat grew, "No, no, you didn't Cas.  Benny was flattered.  I saw him check you out.  Don't be embarrassed.  He loved it."
As if on cue, Cas stood up faster than lightning with his hand over his mouth, flashing that familiar green color that Dean had grown so used to.
"Uh, no-" Dean started but was interrupted by the guy sitting between Cassie and Blondie.
Chuck glared at Gabriel.  The four of them were not used to being this close to the guy, and forgot that he could probably hear them from their spot.  "I would appreciate you keeping your comments to yourself, young man."
He cleared his throat and croaked out, “You Are Mine”, and he could already feel the knots in his chest start to tighten and his eyes start to water.
Eventually Cas ate the dinner that Dean had brought to him, but the ended up bring it out to the main part of the house so that way they could warm it up first.  Dean took Cas's coat and hung it up as Cas received hugs from the rest of the family.  They were quiet at first, but welcoming all the same, not wanting to scare Cas off by overwhelming him or jumping all over him.  Ellen told him that he would be staying there until they needed to go back to school.  Cas tried to dispute, saying that he needed to bring the car back, but Ellen would have none of it.  She assured him that Bobby and Sam would take care of it, and that she wouldn't hear anymore about it.  Cas smiled a little and thanked her quietly.  Jo and Sam invited Cas to come and play Mario Kart with them once he was finished eating, and after playing with them for a while, it seemed to cheer him up and bring him basically back to normal.
"Good evening, everyone!  I hope you all have had a nice weekend, and are ready to give back to your local organizations."  Chuck was wearing glasses today and he somehow managed to look even nerdier.  "You are all aware of the choices, so you may come up here and sign up for what you want to do.  Just remember, in order to get all 12 hours, each one of our community service days are going to be three hours long, so you wont be leaving until about 8:30pm tonight."
As they descended from their seats and the rest of the class erupted into conversation with one another, Baz threw his arm around Dean, "So, are you going to out with us tonight, scamp?"
"Shut up, will you?" Dean called back.
Cas bit his bottom lip into a smile and his fingers started to move tracing the labels and seams of Dean’s clothing down his chest in feathery little movements that sent a wave of chills throughout Dean’s body.  “Aww,” Cas cooed, “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed.”
Someone to the left of them cleared their throat, and suddenly the reminder of where they were and who they were with slammed into Dean's mind like a freight train.  Dean took in a sharp breath at the sound and looked over to see Baz, Ruby, and Bela just staring at them.  They all had looks of both shock and awe, and Baz's jaw was basically on the floor.  The music had returned to the norm of a college party as the beginning notes of Welcome to the Black Parade came blaring through the speakers.  That seems to be enough to change the attention spans of their audience back to partying and singing themselves, and Castiel, as Cas ran over to the others to chant those beginning lines.  Dean was still reeling and didn't join them.
Castiel rubbed his eyes and stretched so hard it almost hurt before checking his phone.
Cas leaned forward and grabbed his face with both hands, crushing his lips onto Dean’s before Dean could finish his sentence.  Cas felt as though his lungs were going to burst and that he could soar into space and never return.
He waited a few minutes and looked at the floor and then back at her.  "It's about Cas."
"Touchy, touchy", Dean mumbled, almost low enough that Castiel wouldn't have heard it.  Almost.  "I'm your father's farm hand.  I was lookin' for work, and he was lookin' for help.  I'm actually pretty sure I took your spot in the line up, Cas."
Dean opened his mouth to decline when Cas spoke up, "Well, I don't think Dean will be able to.  He has an 8am on Mondays."
"Hi Dean!" Ruby called out from behind the bathroom door, where she and Bela had moved to clean themselves up.
"I'm already overwhelmed.  It's not even 10 am yet, man." Gabe grumbled.
"Wait, I'm confused.", Gabe commented, "Is this not a good thing?"
"Oh, but would you like to be, my friend?" He held up a flask to Dean's face and wiggled it a little, "My name's Gabriel, and I promise that this is not some elaborate plan to roofie you."
Dean's mouth slanted into an acknowledging half smirk before turning his head away from Castiel and looking over to Balthazar, who was sitting on the other side of his chair.  Dean normally loved it when they sandwiched Dean between them so he could feel more included, but in this moment, he wished that he was sitting on the end next to Balthazar.  Thankfully, Gabe was all the way on the other side of Cas so he didn't have to look over and see his mischievous glances between Dean and Cas if he didn't want to.  "How is studying going for you buddy?"
Dean turned his head and looked at Cas, whose eyes were still shut.  He smiled to himself before looking back up to the sky.  "Don't worry about it, Cas."  He meant it.  He had been so worried about spending time with Cas without the buffer of Gabe and Baz, but it was actually going really well.  Maybe not so well for Cas because of the vomit, but Dean was actually having fun.
Cas paused and looked at Dean with what looked to be a thoughtful gaze.  After a few seconds he replied, "I don't know.  I'm glad I have a chance to impact the community in a positive way."
"Dean, what's going on over there?" Ellen called out.
That's why panic ensued inside Dean's brain when he turned the corner of the classroom to find Castiel sitting in their row, alone.
"You two still look like pussies." Gabe chimed.
Dean hadn't picked which song would come on first, but the intro to this song managed to kind of pertained to their situation, and he knew that the rest of this upbeat number was everything Cas needed to hear right now.  A voice that wasn't Mac's came through singing in a melancholy voice, "
That checked out.  Dean agreed.  He didn't realize that Cas had never been out before, let alone never got drunk, before last night.  Otherwise, he totally would have invited him before that.  Everyone needed to know what it was like to be drunk at some point in their college career.  What better time than the present?  Dean still didn't understand something though, "Why didn't you just tell me?  I would have taken him out before now.  You didn't have to get someone else to convince me, man."
"I can still see ya, ya know."
Cas finally sat back after a few seconds of milking and soothing Dean back down to a normal state.  He let his body fall against the tree trunk again, being thankful for something to lean on as exhaustion hit him.  How come nobody ever talked about how draining all of that is?
" Cassie pleaded.  "I know you two have already done this, but I actually have to get confirmed when this is over."
Sam threw his arms around Dean in a hug.  Sam must've grown since he was home last, because he felt like his was being hugged by a giant.  "Hey Sammy!  This is my friend Cas."
"And you didn't even bother to check who it was before you were ready to swing a bat at my head?!" Jess had a point, but Dean didn't think any of them would be here at this time.  Jess was still in high school after all.
you two.  I did NOT ask you to come with me, let alone come drunk."
Dean, who had just taken a drink from his water bottle, choked at the figure of speech.  All three sets of eyes looked at him as he tried to recover, and he wanted to crawl into the floor and die.
Wow.  Dean was really nervous.
It was 8:05 in the morning, and Dean called Ellen to let him know that they were coming.  "I haven't picked them up yet, but we'll be there on time.  I told them that church started at 9:15 and that we would be leaving at 8:30."
Dean swallowed hard and his face went scarlet.
Dean blinked a few times in surprise and opened his mouth to talk before Bobby cut him off.  "It took me way to long to finally call your Mama my girl, and I don't want to watch you waste anymore time, ya hear me?"
Ellen sighed, "We should all come up and see you one of these weekends and take you out to lunch before you have to go to your class."  Ellen thought for a second, "Wait, isn't it 5 o'clock?"
"You did it when I was sleeping?!" Dean asked, horrified.
Castiel’s tongue swirled around as he pulled up to Dean’s tip and then back down, looking at Dean through his long eyelashes the whole time.  Dean’s teeth were biting into his bottom lip so hard that Cas was expecting blood to drizzle out and suddenly Dean’s grip on Castiel’s hair tightened immensely.
Dean opened his mouth to respond when Blondie chirped up, "Although that can be arranged, I mean, if you're into that kind of thing, sweetheart."
finished with your snide remarks, Mr. Novak, I’d like to explain the next part of the evening.”  Chuck glared down at all of them firmly.
“It’s okay sweetheart, this feels amazing.  Deep throating like that takes prac- AH!”
Suddenly Dean was pressed flat against Cas.  Cas could feel the bark biting into his back as Dean pinned him down with his weight, the two of them chest to chest.  That’s when he felt Dean’s right hand slide down Castiel’s chest, passed his stomach, and then finally,
"Oh, cher, you are too good to me" Benny sighed, as he inhaled the smell of the food into his lungs.
"Hey Mama"
"Just turned in fact."
"Wait why, what is confirmation anyway?", Dean asked.
Castiel brushed his teeth and swished around his mouth wash, still contemplating how he had gotten away with the sleeping in.  It's not like his alarm not going off had ever gotten him off in the past.  Once in high school, he forgot to reset his alarm clock, and his old man had come into his bedroom with a bucket of cold water to dump on him.  It took almost a week for his pillows to dry completely.  This made Castiel double check his alarms every night before falling asleep.
She shoved him off with a smirk, "Tell your husband that I said hello".
"Now, the next time we see you two will probably be at confirmation," Ellen started, fixing the collar on Cas's shirt as she spoke, "So, make sure you guys do everything you need to do before hand.  You need to get your suits ready and buy your corsages ahead of time, so that way you're all ready to go when it's time."
Dean chewed on the inside of his lip.  Dean had been sitting here complaining about missing his parents, which he knew was still valid, but at least he had a real and loving family to look back on, and that was nothing but supportive and helpful.  He couldn't imagine what it was like to have a family that didn't act like that.  "Do you mind if I ask what made your father so horrible?"
Ellen came out of the kitchen and to the table with the mashed potatoes in one hand and the green beans in the other.  Sam and Jo were laughing at a video of some kid bouncing himself off of a trampoline, and Bobby was working late at the shop.  When everyone was seated and settled, and Sam was told to put his phone away, they all joined hands and said grace before they ate.  Dean stalled a moment before putting his hand down on Cas's.  It had been a few days since the incident in Dean's room, and the two of them had strategically avoided being in the same room alone for a long period of time.  Of course, they certainly hadn't talked about it.  Dean hadn't even had a good night sleep since.  It was everything he could do not to just get up and run into Sam's room to avoid being with Cas alone.  When they did talk, it was quick and meaningless things like asking Cas if he needed a drink while he was getting himself one, or to pass the salt and pepper.
The two of them began to take the plates and food off of the table together and Cas leaned over to Bobby and Ellen and said, "Dinner was delicious.  Thank you so much."
Dean let his fingers dance there for a minute as he felt Castiel shiver underneath him.  That shiver going straight to Dean’s cock as Dean released Cas from his bruising kiss for just a second.  Barely able to separate himself long enough and sneaking tiny chaste kisses in between words anywhere on Castiel’s face, he asked, “Is this okay?”
It's been two weeks since the party.  Dean agrees to take the gang on a trip to his house for a family day Sunday.  Gabriel and Balthazar continue trying to get Dean and Castiel alone together.
Castiel swallowed hard and balled his hands into fists.  He retreated completely to the behind the corner and scolded himself for being so childish.  Castiel stomped out into full view, eyes glued to the floor before finally finding the courage to look up at the boy.  His embarrassment making his temper rise, as usual.
Dean blinked quickly, not believing his ears.
"You've known this whole time?" Dean asked, his voice low.
Cas just looked at him for a second and opened his mouth to decline before Dean cut him off, "Before you even try, Cas, you're going.  You went through a lot today, and you need to rest.  They don't care if we go up.  C'mon."  Dean shook his hand again, nonverbally telling Cas to grab it.
Ruby spoke up, "Actually, I was just thinking about how true that is, dude."  She walked over to him and grabbed the shirt, "I never thought about it before but, so often I just throw whatever I would throw away into the donation bin at home.  I'm glad you said something."
Next, Cas opened his mouth and started suckling at the tip.  Dean’s hands immediately went to Castiel’s hair and Cas hummed.  Dean touching him was everything he needed in this moment.
"Dude, I just saw your face go through about 15 different emotions in the 30 seconds you've been sitting there.", Gabe pointed out.
Dean could barely see a thing.  He debated taking out his phone for a flashlight, but the idea freaked him out a bit, seeing as though the person in a horror movie always dies only minutes after he takes out his flashlight.  He knew it was stupid, but he figured better to be safe than sorry.
"Why don't you just tell him how you feel, Dean?"  Her face was sympathetic when Dean sat up to face her again.
The table broke into chatter as the family started their own side conversations with each other.  Dean and Charlie started talking about the chemistry project that they'd been working on for a couple weeks, Sam and Jo started bickering about who would get to pick the first game of the day, and Bobby leaned back in the booth and opened the newspaper to the sports section.  Ellen looked around for a second at the commotion, and cleared her throat loudly to get everyone's attention.
Dean threw his final sweatshirt into his duffel and slung it over his shoulder.  He checked his phone one final time before committing to the plan that he and Benny had decided on the night before.  There was still nothing from Cas.  Just a text from Baz saying, "Please bring coffee for your favorite neighborhood drunk."
” Gabe whispered, “I have got to remember that he can actually hear us out here.”
About 5 minutes after Dean and Cas returned, Gadreel and Baz waltzed back over to the rest of the group as well.  Gadreel still looked perfect, not a hair out of place, as if he had just gone to the bathroom or something, but Baz wasn’t so lucky.  His hair was pulled in about six different directions and his face all but shouted “I just got rawed” as soon as Dean looked at him.  Dean heard Cas let out a small giggle and Gabe whistled like he was catcalling Balthazar.  Of course, in typical Balthazar fashion, he just smiled and blew all of them an individual kiss.
Ellen laughed and linked arms with him, "Well, let's get going then.  You can tell me all about them on the ride over."
Castiel just glared at his hand and felt his face heating up more and more.  "Are you gonna tell me what you're doin' in here or do I need to call the cops?!", Castiel snarled, his accent always seemed to slide out more when he was angry.
Castiel let her out of his embrace and then booped her right on the nose.  She smirked and booped him right back before letting out a tiny whisper, "I'll miss you, Mr."
Castiel felt tears creep into his eyes, knowing exactly what Dean meant by that.  He curled further into Dean’s chest and inhaled his sweaty and musky scent.  “It was my absolute pleasure.”
Dean swallowed hard and tried to focus before responding, "Trust me, Cas.  It doesn't."
"Uh, thanks mama." Dean called out to her, eyes still frozen at the doorway.  He finally turned his head and blinked himself back from his swimming thoughts when he heard Cas pull his tooth brush out from the sandwich bag of toiletries he had brought with him.
Dean inched closer to him, staring him down, "
Benny shrugged and took the hit, "So?  Any cute fellas or females at this lovely Christian event?"
Dean felt his face blush crimson and he shoved his face in the couch cushions and whined, "I'm so toast."
Bobby put down his paper, "You never got confirmed did ya?"
"And you know what she said to me?" Dean asked Cas, who was allowing his own tears to fall as he sat down on the couch across from Dean.  Cas shrugged, smiling.  Dean took a deep breath and managed to cough up the rest of the story, "Sh-She said she had never been more sure of anything in her life.  She said she had stood there, at the end of the isle on their wedding day, and felt completely at peace.  That for the first time in her life, she was absolutely certain of something, and that was John."  Dean voice had broken a few times with emotion.  Dean cleared his throat to shove the rest of the lump in his throat out and wiped his cheeks before looking at Cas, whose look of knowing had not shifted in the slightest.
"Well, at least I know Castiel will.  You I'll just have to pray for."
."  On the third time, Gabriel and Balthazar started to laugh and began singing too, "This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine," Balthazar stood on his chair and yelled, "EVERYBODY!" and waved his arm up to encourage them, and quickly, everyone else joined in chorus, "LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHIIIINE."
Slow burns are kind of my thing, folks.  91 Whiskey is a favorite of mine, if that's any indication of how long you're gonna have to wait.
Ellen lifted an eyebrow.
"Oh yeah, you wish you were the favorite." Jo yelled from the other room.
"Why aren't you in class?" Dean asked, out of breath now from the scare.
"Hm", their father grunted.  That's probably as good as they'd get out of him.
"Oh, shut up." Dean spat.  "Why do I have to do it now?  I'm already 18, can't I just skip this one?"
“Cas?”  Dean’s voice sounded concerned and soft, “Are you okay?  Your face is beat red.”
"Nope.  I just had the one.  Figured if I had to take an 8 am I at least deserve the rest of the day off, ya know?"
They ate dinner that way, easy conversation. It was warm, the heater beneath the windows humming, and even when he’d finished eating, Dean found himself staying in his seat instead of making his way back to his truck. Whether he was stalling because of the cold or something else, he didn’t want to analyze, just leaned back in his chair as they talked.
Cas started to respond, but movement drew his eyes to Jack just in time to watch him poke at a peach and shift the entire infrastructure of perfectly balanced fruit. Though he leapt forward to stop the avalanche, he couldn’t get there in time to save ten or more peaches from launching themselves into the air and rolling away.
Dean shrugged. “Just out for a drive.” He held out a plastic bag. “Here.”
Eileen dug a moat for her and Sam’s castle, which was growing larger every moment, and Jack walked over to her, handing her a seashell. “Thanks, Jack,” she said, placing it on top of their tallest sand castle.
But he’d always wanted the freedom to choose, to make his own decisions. Now he had the chance. Risk dying if the portal didn’t let him leave, or stay. Horrible options. Beginning to see that free will wasn’t quite what he had imagined it to be. Sometimes he wondered if he was even cut out for independence; it came so easily to people like Dean.
“We’ll pay for them,” Cas said, opening the door to the mall. Jack skipped inside, his rain boots squeaking on the tiled floor.
Folding the trenchcoat carefully, Dean held it out and the act seemed too great a mercy. Castiel tried to form a response, and failed, took the coat from his hands.
But Castiel nodded quickly. “It isn’t easy,” he said. “I don’t think I realized it’d be like this. Even when I get time off, I’m too tired to do anything, and before I know it, I’m on another drive. Does it ever get easier?”
going to,” Cas said. “But then we ended up in that cartoon with the talking dog and there was so much going on—”
Sounds of a scuffle and someone getting hit with a punch—Cole, by the stream of curse words. Thankfully, it seemed now that Cole and his friend were matched two for two, they lost their resolve. They ran off, cursing out Dean and his savior.
“This was fun,” Cas said, a smile on his face, watching Jack.
The whistling had paused and Castiel glanced up to see Benny watching them. He nodded at them. “You guys ever…”
Surprised when the coil drawing him up tight released and he spilled into his fist. Gasped and stared at himself.
“Who said anything about asking him out? Just looking to move some furniture around. How’d he take the news that you’re ditching him for some apple pie life?”
Nearly three months ago, Bobby sat him down and told him he was retiring, that Singer’s Auto Shop would need a new owner. In his next breath, he’d said he wanted Dean to consider taking over. Dean had been driving for fourteen years and talking about quitting for more than half that long; it didn’t take much persuasion for him to agree.
He checked his phone, but Cas hadn't texted him. Maybe they wouldn't get to see each other again; maybe they wouldn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Bobby was quiet for a long moment and Dean shifted uncomfortably. “Well, you know yourself best,” he finally said. “But… I’m gonna give you a piece of advice, and you better listen carefully because I don’t have much advice to give. You find a good thing in life, you don’t give up on it. That shit don’t come easy and it only comes around so often. You’d be a fool to let it go.”
“Say cheese.”
Dean snorted. “Yeah, what’d you think I meant?”
“Um, we don’t have attendants,” Cas said. He looked to Dean for help, and when Dean didn’t offer any assistance—Cas
“No.” Castiel shook his head. “That’s not right, I’ve been cast from Heaven. I have no place there.”
Fighting down the hurt that rose in his chest, Castiel stepped closer and hovered his fingers over the bite marks, healing them. Then, since Dean was standing still, watching him, he let his fingers trail over the blood Benny had left on his cheek. Rough stubble against his fingertips. Dean’s pulse was quickened, from giving up his blood, no doubt.
“He’ll be fine—”
Benny smiled, soft, but Dean didn’t see. Lowering his mouth to Dean’s neck, he bit into his skin quickly, minimizing the pain, no doubt. The violence of the act was offset by the way he held Dean, one arm wrapped around his chest, secure, the other cradling his head to bare his neck.
“Fuck, not you too,” Dean complained, feeling his own eyes well up again.
“Yup.”
Donna beamed. “Why yes I do.” She pulled Claire into a half-hug that Claire resisted, protesting the whole time. “Come here, Sam,” she said, yanking Sam into a hug that he had to nearly fold himself in half for. Everyone else got their turn, then she turned to Dean, holding out her arms.
And Heaven, too, was being restored. With his experience and Jack’s power, made into a home without discord and hierarchy.
Black saliva sprayed on him, and he flinched, arms shaking as he tried to keep the gleaming teeth from sinking into him and swallowing him whole.
A truck pulled into the lot, the sound of tires crunching on asphalt. Dean straightened off the wall, glanced out at the parking lot.
Going to Benny, he helped him off the ground. Yanking a handkerchief from his back pocket, he handed it over, and Benny nodded his thanks, gingerly pressed it to his nose.
He let his fingers rest lightly on Dean’s cheek for only half a second more, then he cleaned away the blood Benny had left and stepped back.
Castiel hated him. He hated him with an intensity which if he let consume him, could destroy the damn monster in a blink. But he tamped down his rage and gritted out, “But I will heal you this once.”
Castiel felt only a rising anxiety, enhanced by the nervous glances Dean kept sending him. Was he doubting Benny’s reassurances that the portal would work? Was he doubting whether Castiel would join them?
Over the line, the tinny whir of the road passing under the wheel’s of Cas’ truck. "I wish you wouldn't say that."
What did it matter? He was the one who’d told Cas it was time to move on. He fought for words. “You know, I ain’t gone yet.”
They kept doing it until Jack was laughing so hard he was hiccuping, making Cas and Dean laugh too. A bigger wave approached and this time, water splashed onto Jack’s face as it crashed. Dean tensed, but when Jack looked up at him, eyes wide, face starting to screw up into tears, he tamped down his own panic.
His CB radio crackled to life, but he got distracted by “We Built This City” starting to play on the radio. “Hell, no,” he muttered, turning the dial to another station. Then he caught the words coming out of the radio.
“Yeah, guess so,” Dean said dryly. His hand went to his earlobe. “Pierced it myself, in high school.”
“Who would’ve thought?” Dean deadpanned. Jack munched happily on his pretzel, cinnamon sugar covering his chubby cheeks. “Someone’s enjoying them, at least.”
Desperation, he thought. He had abandoned Dean and Dean had nowhere else to turn. Guilt gripped his chest at the sight of blood trickling from the wound Benny had made on Dean’s neck.
“Nothing’s gonna save that sweatshirt, though.” Couldn’t let his ego get too big.
“Why'd you bail on Dean?” Benny spoke up, thick Southern drawl. Castiel bristled.
Castiel wiped his blade on his trenchcoat. “No.”
His dad taught him that, but Dean loved him. No matter how many times Dad screamed at him or hit him or put him down, Dean loved him. Even when he was screaming back or shoving or cursing his name, he loved him. Because he was his dad.
“Give us some space, will you?” Dean asked him, glaring at Castiel. “Think Cas and I need to talk.”
Dean feigned deliberation. “True. But see this blade?” He dug it further into the werewolf’s neck and the monster pressed himself back against the tree though he had nowhere to go. “Got two edges. One real sharp and one a little dull. Could spend hours hacking away with the dull side. And I’m not impatient like my buddy. I got plenty of time.”
Jack continued reading them, struggling through bigger words like ‘punishment,’ ‘gnashing,’ and ‘torn asunder’. Maybe for nephilims, Enochian was easier to read than English because all together, he was doing pretty well. Dean watched him in amazement, both at the sound of such archaic language coming from a toddler and the fact that Cas had managed to cram a whole dissertation onto his ribs.
Grinning, she turned to shout over her shoulder, “You know you love me!”
Dean shrugged. “Buys us some time.”
“Come on!” he yelled, holding out his hand.
“Mhm. Someone finally convinced me to buy a slow cooker. Hate to say it, they were right, nice to have something other than fast food or diner food for dinner.” Castiel came over and Dean scooped chili into a bowl, handed it to him. “How long you been driving?”
Cas told him he did. Told him love ran through his veins and rested in his touch. Showed him love was powerful, freeing, joyful.
Castiel forced himself to look at the slaughtered Leviathan. Dead. Limbs frozen into crooked lines. No threat to him. Freeing.
Of course. “Don’t know. Out by Missouri last I heard.” Castiel frowned and Benny crossed his arms. “Kept my promise. Haven’t drank from him since I got out.”
“I’m not going to,” Castiel said, lifting his head to meet his eyes. “I won’t, not again.”
“No, you ain’t. If you wanna do it, do it. You’re the one who just told me I have to quit or else I’ll regret it.”
Cas smiled. “That’s very sweet of him.”
“You don't know anything about me,” Castiel said, heart thudding in his chest, and his voice didn’t come out as strong as he wished. Had Dean told Benny—what had Dean told him? Did Dean feel the same way?
“Sounds good to me,” Cas agreed, and Jack cheered. Dean held out a forkful of pie, and, leaning forward, Cas let Dean feed it to him. He nodded thoughtfully, appreciating the spices and crunch of sugar. “Your pies are better.”
“Hey!” Dean yelled, grabbing his attention. “Shut it, Cas, for fuck’s sake. Benny wants to get out of here just as bad as us. Ain’t helping any being a dick.”
He found his truck, opened the driver's door. Cas didn’t love him—Cas thought he loved him, Cas—Cas didn’t know what he wanted.
He slipped the pebble into his pocket and took up his blade.
“You taking watch?” Benny asked Castiel, as if it’d ever been different. But everything was different now.
But, Dean thought ruefully, staring up at the ceiling of the sleeper, she may have had a point.
“I’m reading daddy’s words!” Jack said cheerfully before continuing, “The… baywer of these mawks will be hidden from the eyes of the... an-ge-lic hosts—”
Castiel looked up sharply from the odd rock he’d picked up from the ground, silver streaks along the jagged surface. Only just agreed to stop for the night and Benny hadn’t even given Dean a chance to sit down and rest, was already grabbing his arm to pull him over.
The words stung Castiel to the quick and before he knew what he was doing, he bumped Dean’s shoulder with his own, drawing his eyes back to him. “It’s no place for a human either. We have that much in common.”
“Dean.”
“Some of us didn’t want to become who we are,” Benny said simply. “Can’t judge all of us the same.”
Leaning over, Dean kissed him long and hard, until Jack pushed them apart.
“Well, I got some really ripe peaches today,” Krista told him.
, he thought. Shrugging, trying to keep a grin off his face, he said, “Sure, if you’re offering.”
Growing annoyed, too tired for this bullshit, Castiel snapped, “I didn’t ask for you to talk to me.”
“Shit—” Benny jerked back against the counter, twisting around. There, standing in the opposite corner of the room, was Castiel, just as he had looked in Purgatory. Dingy coat, rough beard. Dark circles under his eyes.
“Mhm. But I won’t be surprised if it’s a while before I see her again. We just don’t have a lot in common. Not like we were ever good friends. Her and my brothers, they’re all older than me, and they all have their own lives. I’ve never really been close with them.”
Gabe and Baz were beside themselves with quiet laughter as they slapped at their knees and pointed at Castiel.  Cas glared at them as they both simultaneously started bobbing their tongues in and out of their cheeks with their fists going back and forth.
Before Castiel could even respond, Hannah spoke up.  "Oh don't be so sour, Dad.  I told you I shut his alarm off so he could sleep in a little bit.  It's not like we need 'im out here, that's the whole reason we have Dean in the first place."
Even though Dean was in college now, he still made sure to be there every Sunday, especially since he only went to school a half hour away so there was no excuse to not be there.  Ellen always made sure to give Dean money for the gas that was used up coming home every weekend because it was important that he "keep his relationship with the big man as well as his mama."  The two of them were in the impala on the way over.  Sam had asked Dean to pick him up from his friends house since he was already on the road.  Dean's head was pounding something fierce from the hangover he was rocking, and Sam was elbow deep his sociology textbook.
"Why don't you just ask him about it?"
It’s winter break and everyone goes home for the holidays.  Dean is having dinner with his family when an unexpected guest arrives at his door.
"No like, really", Dean assured her, rubbing his eyes and then dropping his face in his hands.  "I'm officially not retaining anything anymore.  My brain space is all occupied.  If I put anymore information in, other information that I've absorbed is gonna go out."
After a clumsy escape from the bathroom, Dean and Cas have a hard time keeping their hands to themselves and returning to the group.  The two share a tender moment.
Dean shook his head.  He would never forget the words.
That's when the two of them heard the front door to the cabin slam open.  Dean froze and so did Cas, there lips still locked, but eyes open now, looking at the bathroom door in confusion.  They didn't hear anything for a minute.  Dean figured it must have been someone coming in quickly to get an extra scarf or something.  Dean looked back at Cas, who shrugged, and they went back at it.  Dean's tongue roamed around Castiel's mouth frantically as he pushed their bodies up against one of the bathroom walls.  The position now easing up a bit on Dean's upper arm strength now that he had the support of the wall to keep Cas up.  Cas gasped against Dean's mouth and his hands moved down from his hair into the back of his shirt and flannel, slightly massaging the skin there.
Gabe scowled at him as he held his shin in pain, "I'm tired of waiting you jack ass!"
Their lips slid together and radiated loud smacks into their surroundings and Dean grunted before walking him and Cas toward the tree once again until Cas’s back hit up against it with a thud.  He could feel the heat traveling to his dick, getting more and more turned on by Dean as the seconds came and went.
"Just in time baby bro!  We were just talking about you!"
"Yes, Kelly, I know, but if I don't go home to help out on the farm my mother would never forgive me."
"Alright, now that we have everybody, I'm going to pass out the itinerary for today.", Chuck started.  Dean watched as he passed a pile of packets to one of the guys right in from of him and followed the pile with his eyes as it got passed around to everybody.  "We're all gonna hop on this bus here.  It'll take about 2 hours to get to the campground.  When we get there, you guys are gonna go right for your cabins and drop of your stuff.  After that we will be meeting under the pavilion for team building exercises and bonding.  We won't be doing anything too crazy today.  I don't want to overwhelm all of you."
There it sat, perfectly plump, and insanely tall.  It was wrapped in the giant colored light bulbs that were popular back in the 70's that Ellen refused to throw out and several of Dean, Jo, and Sammy's childhood made ornaments.  Ellen and Bobby were big believers that children decorated the tree, not adults.  Because of that, there wasn't a single fancy bulb or crystal to be found on their trees.  Only popsicle sticks and childhood pictures.
Charlie didn't look up from her textbook, which she was currently highlighting.  "That's not an option, dude."
"Dude, you've got that guy wrapped around your tiny little finger.", Gabriel snickered, "But yeah, what Baz said."
Jess was an honorary family member at this point, after all she had done for each one of them, especially Sam.  She was always there for them in times of crisis, and really came through when she was needed most.  She was smart, extraordinarily kind, sincere, compassionate, and fiercely loving.  She was easily Dean's favorite person on the whole planet, well, she
Benny sighed and rolled back over to his desk to grab his own food and then rolled back.  "Maybe he's just waiting for you to make the first move too.", he suggested.  "Maybe he's doing exactly what you're doing."
Dean lifted his hand to the knob but before he could open the door, it swung open forcefully and Dean was face to face with Sam.  "Dean!"
Dean was walking on the sidewalk leading up to the theology building when he started to see his group of people all piled up in a group outside of the Yankee Trails bus.  He could see Chuck standing there with a clipboard, looking even smaller now that he was actually surrounded by the other college students instead of being isolated at the front of the lecture hall.  Almost everyone there, with the exception of one or two girls, were taller than him.  The fact that he had the confidence of a rabbit did not help either.  Dean rounded the corner and saw the back of a dark head of hair.  Even from the back, Dean could see that the hair in the front was standing in disarray as usual.  Even though Dean had been trying to practice keeping it cool on his walk over, the second he caught a glimpse of that boy, the butterflies in his stomach began to tickle again.
It was the first snow fall of the season.  He thought about his family back home, knowing that they were all curled up in the family room watching Rudolph and drinking hot chocolate, like they do every year on the first snow fall.  It made him a little sad that he wasn't there, but the memories of following through with that tradition were enough to make him feel warm and fuzzy.  He looked over at Castiel, who was letting the snowflakes fall and collect on his hand as they fell into his hair.  The contrast of something so white and pure against his dark and smooth hair was stunning.
plz let me know if you liked babies (:
Balthazar once again, gasped melodramatically, "Cassandra, you offend me!  Are we not friends too?"
Dean shrugged and looked at him with confusion, "What the hell else do you need a sponsor for?"
Once he had told Charlie the whole story, she stopped and allowed herself to absorb all of the details from the story.  Then she spoke.  "Do you really think Benny would hit that?"
"Who the hell are you?!" Castiel shouted, definitely sounding more squealed than he would ever admit to anyone ever.  Especially Hannah.
Dean's heart suddenly dropped.  She had called him babe, he had kissed her on the cheek, and she slapped him on the ass.  Was this Cas's girlfriend?  Cas pulled Dean in closer so that Dean's neck was against Cas's face.  "You smell good" Cas whispered and Dean's back was covered in chills.
"Oh my goodness, silly!" Cas finally answered between giggles.  "She's not my girlfriend!  I mean she was when we were in high school but, I'm pretty sure the whole school recognized a beard when they saw one."
kiss. They both smile into it.
"Not right now, but…" he shakes his head lightly. A pink blush rising in his cheeks he continues, "can we just - will you promise we can, uh, t-touch all day long? I need it today."
he knows it's inappropriate, but fuck it. He's 18, 7 months on T, and Dean's hand on his knee throughout the Reverend's sermon had him hot under the collar in a way he
wouldn’t be here without
Dean waits for Cas to find him in the cave, Cas’s spot on the couch a gaping hole. It doesn’t stay that way for long. Every day is confirmation that Dean truly is made out of love.
"Still hot."
things
Cas doesn’t read too far into it in the moment. These days, they’re constantly aiding each other in processing reactions to various things. Just, not in public.
started.
“I’m sorry,” Dean takes a deep breath, face flushed lightly, “I was getting carried away… it uh, kinda turns me on to think we might get caught.”
he is so freshly freed from the torture of a narrated life. In the spaciousness and promise of consistency, processing starts. The break he and Cas have
The postlude turns quickly into the time for coffee hour. Dean and Cas grab their coats, standing to stretch and chat now with the lovely family next to them on the bench. A young woman, skin browned, warmed from the sun and possibly farm work, and a young girl, not more than 6 years old.
There are rituals, some he follows and some he does not, but this is one that has protectiveness and play running through his veins. The tables are sticky and the music isn't to his liking but he couldn't care less. He wears the shoes, the ones that were lifted, now worn and scuffed from the years of use. Dean looks at him over their drinks like he's never seen darkness before.
When Dean touches him, the first time, sheltered in their room, his skin
Anji leads Cas back to the stairs and down to the community space, Dean and Erin right behind. Their conversation is friendly, Anji asks what they do for work and how long they've lived in the area, Cas replies with the scripted answers that he and Dean agreed on. Dean is just awed that he gets to see Cas making friends.
Home in the bunker Cas naps while Dean sits back against the wall, journal and a pen in hand. He writes, and for the first time in weeks the honesty in his words are not a wild thing bursting out of him, unlike the several times he attempted on paper to correctly word what he needed to say after Cas's confession. He looks down at Cas, who's lightly snoring, soft in a grey Henley and he is contented. This poem comes easy.
“I love the stars, Pappa.”
Open our hearts to welcome it among us.
Cas creates
He sits up, not understanding what it means for there to be a time
He takes another look at the journal before slipping it into his back pocket, words yearning to be written already bubbling up in his mind. He's drawn out of his thoughts when there's a warm hand on his shoulder, and he turns to see Cas's shining face.
Cas quirks his head, fighting down a smile. “Dean, Dean, Dean.” he clucks, “what is it with you and challenging authority?” he says in his most serious voice, which Dean knows is a ruse.
"Of course, Dean." and the corners of his lips stay turned, comforting.
"I was picking my way through a shop a few towns over yesterday and I found something that just screamed
that happens when the moon is out.
Cas hums from behind his mug, then nods before saying,
Castiel loves little kisses. He likes to pepper them across Dean's freckles and especially down his neck. Dean lets him, until he can't stand it anymore and mercilessly flips them so he can pin Cas's arms and reciprocate the worship. This makes Cas laugh, every time.
Sure, therapy helps, but so does smoking a joint. They are disposed to participate in both activities.
“Morning has come, arise and greet the day!
time, so maybe now he can have faith in himself too.
Together, on a journey of untangling their hurt parts, their broken parts. The parts that have been mangled by fathers and left neglected by mothers. The love they share is the gold paint in the cracks of their regenerating will to thrive. One friend and one song at a time.
Cas whispers low beneath the piano's postlude, as they walk down the stairs towards the smell of coffee, blue eyes alert and scanning.
Cas squints at him before hitting it, at first inhaling into his lungs, then containing the smoke in his mouth.
the one to get the munchies so bad."
Dean waves back and he smiles, nodding his hello. It's less of a strain than he expected, given his baseline today. Talking, or exerting any extra effort to communicate to anyone other than Cas after rough mornings is never on his list of interests for the day that follows.
“How is it that you two
Cas shakes first, introducing the both of them,
So he reads the program again
"This, is
on Dean's
"I still can't believe
“God, you’re so hot.” Dean smiles against his ear.
That little place in his chest cracks open again and he lets Dean's love soak into his heart. Collar to collar, Dean's arm tight around his waist while his other hand the back of his head, fingers tangled in the messy warm waves.
Sleepy eyes blink in the darkness of the cozy, pint-sized room, flashing gold and then blue again. Fixating on the digital clock, Jack watches the minutes silently slug on, its lit up face not yet reading
it. Blood and iron.
Castiel doesn't question it, because against all fundamental knowledge of physiology, he thinks Dean must be right about this too. He feels better now.
"Well, thank you, Jack.” Dean smiles into it, the smallest bit bashful at the admission of being indebted for
"I think it's time for us to go, but Dean, text me if you or Cas are interested in any of the volunteer work for next month, ok?"
He needs people, good accepting, loving people, for his own emotional health. He wouldn’t word it as such, but he and Cas both know that they are seriously messed up. “Trauma survivors”, as he had read in a self-diagnosis quiz online one night.
The breeze blows warm, and the birds sing a little sweeter. Dean pulls away slightly to plant a kiss, a blessing, in the middle of Cas's forehead, before looking into his eyes again.
& my own backhand.
He leans over, fishing out the small leather-bound notebook that was almost too big to stuff in his pocket hours earlier.
Dean removes his hand with a dramatic sigh from where it was crawling towards Cas’s back pocket and instead entwines their fingers together. He winks, poking his tongue out between his teeth, just the hint of pink. Cas can’t help but crack a smile back, annoyance never lasts long with him.
"Oh hey, I almost forgot-"
They reach the bottom of the stairs. Dean hears Cas ask Anji
Dean isn’t so sure about being a “star fairy”, but he’s learning to really believe in Jack, and stars are pretty cool.
He raises his eyebrows
"You're right. But that don't mean it has to be ‘bad different’."
we come back.”
“I love you, too.”
“We could put it right on the fridge if you’re ready.”
They are surrounded by crunchy rural folks. Luckily,
"That's true." Dean says sincerely, looking Cas in the eyes.
clocking me
Dean has been silent for at least a minute, just taking in the surroundings of the sanctuary and its occupants. Cas is right next to him in the pew, looking into his face, jjst calmly noticing the way Dean's fighting his instincts to make an escape plan. He swallows and slides his hand, palm up, onto his own thigh. It’s an invitation for Cas to reach his calloused and warm hand out to ground Dean. He smiles and does so immediately.
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. Cas is right. Jack had watched that one documentary on volcanoes so many times he wished they would take it off the internet, so the idea of him picking up information from one about outer space wasn’t a reach at all.
Cas’s hands vacillate between flat palms, and gripping the back of Dean's t-shirt. A laugh, relieved, bubbles up from somewhere hidden deep that he was not aware he was harboring inside of himself.
"That Anji, she’s outstanding…" they trail off to take the journal into both of their hands, admiring the craftsmanship and opening it to examine the pages. Already written inside, on the very first page is Dean's scrawling lines.
A sleepy, affectionate Cas at his side, mumbling sweet nothings in his ear, their whole family safe and gathered in one place, he literally could not ask for anything more.
“No comment…”
As he stops for a quick survey of the set-up, Cas waits at the bottom of the stairs, taking a moment to just watch Dean do his thing. He loves just watching the way Dean moves, how he gets so excited over
feel sorry about, but doesn’t.
“It’s ok. Shit happens, we get mad and storm out.
Cas loves the singing, it might even be his favorite part, besides the underlying granditude that most things here have to do with Jack directly. And he loves Jack, more than he can put into words (his love for Dean is a different kind).
The light of peace shines upon each face.
Her carefully crafted words flow between the comfortable and round songs from the piano, the story for all ages, and the various candles of joys, hopes and concerns that are lit. During the silent meditation, Dean and Cas each have thoughts.
She gapes at him, "No way."
Upon the greeting, his smile cracks deeper
Dean and Cas’s room is no doubt the source of some less-than-quiet questionable sounds, but if anyone else does hear it, they say nothing. After all, Dean and Cas ran circles around each other for 12 years, and no one in their right mind would even try to imply anything negative about Dean’s bugger birthday gift, which is Cas.
Cas's eyeroll is one for the books but he lets himself be cornered. Trapped between Dean's solid body and the odd obscured wall, he makes an effort to breathe right. Cas has found refuge, a “secret” hiding spot, in this blocked off corner of the stairwell since before he took his true name. Before he knew Dean.
In the sanctuary Cas thanks the usher for the program before handing it to Dean. With his free hand he finds Dean’s hip and pulls him closer as they walk to a pew near the back. He sees Anji and Erin a few rows over, with a few other folks they've met: Connie, a member of the congregation and one of the Lay Pastoral Care Givers, Micah, an elderly gentleman who is the king of the kitchen (at least during coffee hour), and Jude, one of the young people who frequent the church, usually in a jean jacket covered in pins. Erin waves back fanatically while Anji looks genuinely happy to see them as well. She flashes a peace sign at them.
He sucks the air in through his nostrils and holds it deep, letting it out as slowly as he can. He lightly scrapes his fingernails across his knees as he inhales again.
And he
I am so thrilled to be making this a reality outside of my own head. Who even writes happy stories anymore?! Me apparently!!!! They are never going to fight and there is never going to be explicit homophobia in this story. Just them. Goin to church and being cute, and sometimes navigating mild triggers like internalized crap but probably not much more than that ever.
“I just wanted to ride the bike.”
He nods to the mug in his hand,
The monitor next to Dean's head crackles, syllables standing out against white noise, and he half hears his kid humming.
Cas gently pulls him into the pew to sit beside him.
The whole family loads into the bunker for the weekend, 6 packs stuff the fridge in between burger meat and some assorted vegetables. They all sing, horribly off key and out of synch, and he blows out the candles, smile brighter than the sun.
Anji nods, again, this time with a snort and a sigh,
There's cake and pie
loudly, though they seem to have better self-control than other children he’s met.
"I have to be honest, it was more terrifying than I would have guessed to know that this - this body, this mind - is really who I am now. But, I know who I am. I have a good idea at least, the human part is something I'm sure I'll be figuring out for the rest of my life." He huffs a laugh, shaking his head.
Open our eyes to see that life abounds;
"With or without your powers, you mean the fuckin world to me."
He shrugs, showing it to Cas, who runs a single finger over the cover. Smooth in most places, textured diagonally in others, the shade of green so deep it is nearly black.
When Dean's hands are free, he crouches next to Jack and looks at him expectantly. Jack holds up the drawing and watches Dean closely for his reaction.
Jo shrugs, smirking, and reaches into the box for her own Sunday treat.
He’s trying so damn hard to keep little mewls from tumbling out of his mouth as Dean whispers teasingly in his ear, between sucking on his neck “
” she says in the most high-pitched stage whisper he’s ever heard.
“Good,” Dean signs, “I’m never letting you walk out that door. Ever. I love you.”
"coffee and then church?" he mumbles loud enough for Cas to hear.
He's seen this show so many times now that the content all blurs together.
The light of love here shines upon each face.
He can't believe that Dean loves him. He tries to wrap his head around how humans get so twisted and mangled by life and still they are vessels for such enormous, breathtaking light.
I just can’t stop thinking about this story. They get to finally have each other, and start digging in on healing. I love the idea of them going to a non-God-centered church, because it’s a place for them to think their own thoughts while being right there together and also surrounded by loving community. Maybe Dean will volunteer to cook meals with some of the church staff? Maybe Cas will help with the gardens? Maybe they will both get to help out with the children’s chapel? I want them to be happy so bad. In the little world in my head, they are. This is just the beginning of an idea, really. I have quite a hard time with dialogue, so, I feel kinda cursed writing this haha. More to come.....
know?” He says between bites of powdered donut.
