“A project of mine when I was younger.” Sherlock lifted a shoulder. “I studied all the regional dialects and accents of the UK.”
“Oh, Sherlock, for the last time, no. We’re well shot of these people, they’re dangerous. It’s best you just cut ties. You’ve got so much to look forward to now. You’ll do so well at the academy, I just know it.”
CRACK. John hit the bludger sending it soaring toward Victoire with all his might.  SMACK. She countered it smoothly sending the ball back.  They drew closer beating the ball back and forth, countering it as it tried to get away and continue its odd, single-minded pursuit of Alastaire.
They piled into Harry’s small car, waving to a slightly worried Mrs. Watson who watched from the door as they backed out.  Harry’s car made some odd grinding noises until she got it into gear, but then it seemed to be functioning well enough.
One of the cumtoys, the bleached blonde, was up on her knees servicing a customer. The man reached over to squeeze one of her small upright tits and she moaned a terribly canned sound. He fumbled with his flies, releasing his turgid cock as he tugged the girl by her chain up against the low wall. He urged her to take his erection into her painted mouth. She opened wide, and allowed the length of him to slide past her candy-apple red lips. The man grabbed a handful of her short hair to hold her in place as he fucked her face. She choked on it, saliva running down her chin, but kept up, letting him slide his tool down her throat while others watched hungrily, hands on their crotches waiting their turn. Irene winced a bit in sympathy, watching as the woman gagged at the cock pounding in to her, and made her way closer to the second penny whore.
“Not if you’re ill, pet.” Irene frowned slightly. “Do you fancy the hot tub now? The warm water might do you some good.”
Sherlock looked sulky but pleased as John leaned in to kiss his cheek at their dinner at the Golden Goose. Mycroft must have mailed it to him ages ago.  John kept them both, sticking them back in the book and tossing it into his suitcase.
After they had finished eating, and Sherlock had insisted on doing the washing up, they returned to the games room. Getting comfortable on the sofa, they took turns reading the story aloud to each other.
“Honestly, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he did cut open the scone, and slather the brown spread over the halves.
“God, all that time we wasted.” Sherlock raked a hand through his curls, looking at the two beds mournfully. “Time that I wasted . . . being an idiot.”
“You must come tomorrow, you and your friends to the aquarium. Come, and I will give you a personal tour.”
“Ah, well, yes,” John agreed, increasing the pressure by adding another finger. “Oh, it’s a gorgeous arse to be sure.” He continued his ministrations, sliding his fingers in and out until Sherlock was throwing his head back, and writhing into the sheets.
Finding things of Sherlock’s had been even harder to deal with. Even after he thought he’d purged it all, John still found a letter Sherlock had written jammed into the back of a book as a page marker, and a photo of the two of them at Sherlock’s graduation of all things.
Sherlock's shoulders sag. "Very well. We could pretend that you're Sherlock Holmes and I'm John Watson, and that you know nothing of sex whatsoever, and I, Three Continents Watson, must instruct you."
“Ugh. I’ve got a thing.” Sherlock flapped his hand. “I’m doing a presentation at the Beekeepers Association.”
“John, God, I’m so sorry.” Sherlock gathered John even closer, cradling him in his arms, rocking him softly. “If I could go back in time, I’d rip their throats out.”
A festive stage and risers had been set up by the lake for graduation.  Thankfully, it was a lovely day for the ceremony. Sunlight glistened off the surface of the water as pennants for all four houses snapped in the breeze over the stage. John’s breath caught a bit as he watched the graduating class filing out to take their seats in their matching purple robes and pointed hats. He was grateful to Mycroft for providing him a wonderful view in his box for special alumni.  John scanned the sea of purple below, searching for one tall figure with a riot of curls sneaking out around his hat.
“Yeah, it’s in my bag.” John scrambled to open his rucksack, digging around for the cheap newsprint book. “I didn’t even sneak a peek before you.”
“It’s just . . . don’t people normally go on dates before they get in bed together?” He gestured to the two of them stripped to the skin, entwined on John’s side of the bed equation.
It was chilly work cleaning off the sand that had gotten simply everywhere, splashing in the river. They found clothes, and redressed, despite being still damp, the cloth clinging to wet skin. Looking decent enough, they headed back to the house, much calmer than they had set out.
“Thank you.”  Sherlock smiled shyly back. He forked up a piece of the cake, and chewed appreciatively. He actually enjoyed Bajoran seed cake more than the thick Cardassian desserts Mrs. Watson made for parties.
Sherlock drew John’s finger closer to his nose and sniffed. “Sugar, honey, and coconut oil. I was devising a basic scrub.”
“Oh, I missed you,” John moaned, trying to pull Sherlock as close as possible, running his mouth and fingers over as much of him as he could reach.
They each pushed one of the twins toward the center of the room until they met, side by side. Sadly, the edges of the frames meant the mattresses didn’t exactly touch.
“Teddy, bruv, calm yourself.” John held both his palms up. “No one is transferring to Schwarz-whatsit.  You lot won’t get rid of me that easily.”
“You also learned the clarinet in school, and began dating in sixth form. You went through a string of girlfriends, before having a secret liaison with one of your male rugby mates. This caused you to break off dating women until . . .”
John’s availability grew more erratic, and he had to cancel their next appointment. They managed a quick meeting at a new location, a boarded-up petrol station, though John could only stay for an hour. He said his group was moving out for a few weeks to a new location. He managed to give a list of other sites where Sherlock could send things, and then ripped open their clothing so they could bring each other off leaning against a dirty wall before John had to go.
“Erm . . .” Sherlock pushed up to sitting as well, staring at him, inspecting John as though he were some lower life form that had oozed in under the door.
He moved to stow a few things, returning to drop into an arm chair to put on his socks and shoes. John couldn’t help watching, mesmerized as some bloke droned on in the background about proper sautéing techniques.
Mrs. Holmes gushed over Sherlock’s gift when she reached it. “Oh, Sherlock, this is lovely!” She cradled the small jeweled box in her palm to watch the way it caught the afternoon sunlight.
“I always thought he was bloody gorgeous, you know, but tha’ night we had detention, and I got to know him . . . God, he took my breath away. Well, literally, I fell off a ladder, ya know, and he stopped my fall. I was sure he’d think I was a total idiot, but he wanted t’spend time wi’ me anyway. “
“Well, I don’t envy you at all.” Mike shook his head. “Still, my floor’s always open if you need an escape.”
“John, no, of course not.” Pinworthy cut him off with a wave. “As I said before, you’re doing an excellent job as prefect. Keep up the good work.”
Sherlock blinked, struggling to catch his breath as the form of John appeared at the edge of the precipice silhouetted against the darkening sky.
“Nothing. Nothing is wrong with Sherlock, and nothing is wrong with me, OR the job I currently have. Look, you can’t BRIBE me to move to Scotland, Mycroft. I don’t care how good the job is. I have to go. Good-bye.” John thumbed the end of the call, dropping the phone to the seat beside him.
John hummed a contented sound as Sherlock tugged him into place, still seeming more rag doll than human.  Sherlock squeezed him tight, breathing in the smell of his hair, his throat suddenly feeling tight. When he could speak again, he said in a remarkably steady tone, “Well, that seems like an experiment that bears repeating.”
“No, I think my schedule’s clear enough.” John reached out to take Sherlock’s hand, lacing their fingers together.
“Dividing by 5 is just doubling and then moving the decimal. And 50 times 7 is 350, plus 7 times 7 is 49. Even you could do those without a calculator.”
“That’s, well that’s just lovely.” John looked down at the glowing teardrop-shaped stone on his wrist while his mouth did something funny. “Thank you.” He whispered looking up finally.
“I told you, Galen is a supplier of hard-to-get items.” Sherlock shrugged a shoulder. “I sometimes need ingredients for my own experiments. Galen supplies.”
The sound made John painfully aware of his own neglected cock. Pushing Sherlock’s bent knees further apart, he drew the soles of his feet together. Then he began thrusting through the tight channel formed by Sherlock’s arches.
“Come on, Sherlock.” Molly nudged his shoulder. “Continuation of the species? Surely you can see the merit of it, from a scientific viewpoint if nothing else.”
John struggled out from under the covers to follow, the beat of his heart a pulse in his ears. He found the door to the toilet closed when he reached it, the sound of the shower starting up inside. John tried the handle. It was locked.
Johnny reached down to swipe his free hand through his freely-flowing lubricant and used it to coat his erection. He tugged expertly at his cock as the dildo plunged in and out below.
“Ah, it’s no bother.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “I’m quite looking forward to it.” Truly he could hardly contain himself at the notion of a whole three weeks up close and personal with a Muggle place of business. He had only heard tell of fax machines. The chance to examine one in detail fair made him shiver.
‘Of course it’s ok, don’t be ridiculous.’ I could tell she’d gone for imperious, but it had come off as a muted mumble instead. I cleared my throat.
‘Of course it’s not the water, it’s the cups – arsenic glaze, common with historical glaziers, but usually only released with acidic beverages!’ She’s grabbed me by the face as she’s exclaimed it, one hand on either side, her hands tangled a bit in my hair. This isn’t the first time she’s done it, and on occasion, I’ve had to go for a squashed ‘ok, well done, you’re squishing my face, let’s hear why’, but this time she bounds off without prompting. This time, though, I miss bits of how exactly the family came by arsenic glazed cups because I’d been caught off guard and can still feel the imprint of her hands tingling warmly on my face. It could have been a thrill, or the ghost of a thrill. It could have been nothing. My heart was beating from the whip of the chase, from the whirl of deductions, from the momentary surprise of having my face suddenly clasped in someone’s hands.
‘Like…’ she scrubbed her hands through her hair, then buried her forehead on her knees, ‘you’re perfectly normal. I can see that, but none of it makes sense. I've never been able to substitute you with other normal people, they’re no good, it has to be you. And then there’s your skin. It’s perfectly normal, no observable differences from anyone else’s, but when I touch it, or when you lean against me, it’s different, it’s like,’ she raised her head up to study her hand, the one that had been on my face, ‘it’s like it’s consistently overheated, but it isn’t, I’ve taken your temperature, and it’s perfectly within the range of a standard living body.’
Sherlock remained quiet for a moment. Then, ‘If you must,’ she intoned imperiously. Back to normal then.
I can’t help but hearing a running Sherlock commentary in my head, and it’s putting me off a bit, because I can’t picture her wanting me, not really. It feels a bit silly. The bottom line is, it’s one thing for me to say, actually, I’ve thought about it, and I think I’d be fine with you. It’s another to consider it as a reality. It’s just so far from anything I’d think about really happening, I feel oddly distant considering the whole thing.
To punctuate, she put her glistening lips on mine and in went her tongue. A whole lot of it. The small part of my brain that was still online was wondering whether or not she was aware that she was, at this point, basically having sex with my mouth. With her mouth. Enthusiastic, slippery, dirty sex. If that in anyway makes sense. And then I realised I still didn’t know what kind of experience she had other than… kissing Sean (kissing Sean unenthusiastically, apparently, but no doubt with the same skill that was now focused on me).
‘What fish skip case?’ I racked my brain – I may not have a mind palace, but some things you definitely didn’t forget, ‘There was no fish skip case. Unless it was in a chippy. I’m pretty sure I’d remember if I’d encountered a case involving festering eels…’ they are pretty much the worst creatures imaginable, in my humble opinion. Across the kitchen, Sherlock froze, a mug dangling precariously from her index finger. She wasn’t facing me, but I caught a distinctive twitch of her eye, as though she was trying to see if I’d noticed without actually moving. Oh dear god no.
‘Yeah. Hadn’t really bothered. Thinking about it, you know. In comparison to Harry, pretty straight, so always figured. You know. Other stuff didn’t count.’
‘You’re defensive, and you’ve brought a bag which, though I can’t fully confirm, I could confidently hypothesise, is filled with-‘
John didn’t even bother asking how he knew*, but he was momentarily sobered. Something about this whole conversation was throwing him off-balance. ‘You’re right. Sorry. So, not Irene. You mean you’ve met someone then?’
‘No! God no. Please. You’re not disappointing me. I don’t want you to be. A man. Ok? I’m just a bit nervous. I don’t know what I’m doing.’
‘Oh, I see. Just my nightmarish physicality as a whole. Brilliant, John. How very mature of you to argue semantics,’ Sherlock spat, savagely. What with all the smoke hissing through his teeth, John fancied he looked a bit like a petty, but rather vicious dragon.
The scoff was entirely Sherlock, ‘Oh come on, of the two of us, you’re the only one with actual feminine assets to speak of.’
‘Right. Coat.’ Off you trot. I hear your coat and shoes drop by the door (muttering with the shoes as you negotiate around your stomach), then the splash of water in the kettle (four years on, and the kitchen water pressure still surprises you, oh, Joan).
I rolled my eyes, ‘At ease, maniac,’ and climbed off her. I gathered up my shirt and held out a hand to help her up. Despite her… somewhat transparent attempt at imperious bravado, she looked a bit fuzzy. She took my hand and was up with the slightest wobble. I saw her glance at our joined hands, then at me. That was an affirmative on the whole ‘neither of us have a fucking clue what we’re doing’. I tentatively lead her to her room. Which was a bit weird, seemed it should be the other way around, but never mind.  I was gratified to find that there were no mummified remains on the bed, just the accoutrements of a normal bed, thank fuck for that.
His short, rough fingers twined through Sherlock’s long ones, both grown knobby with the years. These were the hands that had killed for each other, that had held each other as they ran through streets, had taken pulses, held each other when the world had bottomed out.
‘Your gender binary is absolutely appalling. I would’ve given it to you simply for the Doc Martin’s at the opera incident, but the other things…’
When I re-entered a vague sense of awareness, Sherlock had stilled her tongue, but was still sort of… petting my insides. Her lips still rested gently against me.
‘Yes, but that’s besides the point. You’re getting restless, it’s obvious. You’ve been doing more and more of that thing where you pretend to read, or stare off so it looks like you’re thinking normally, but you’re actually thinking about sex or something in that general subject area.’
‘Please, I may not be a gentleman, but I am a gentleman at heart,’ the posh growly voice was there again, otherwise she'd have got a ribbing for all of it.
When my hand migrated up a bit towards her waist again, Sherlock rolled over, and pulled me round so I was on top of her.
As usual, I met this with the combined urges to strangle her with a serviette, and to grab her hands and bite her fingertips in order to stop her from performing this annoying ritual. As was not usual however, I was, for the first time, aware of this thought as I had it, and aware, no thanks to our previous conversation, that it was a bit of an odd one. Yes, it was the product of rage and disgust, but in the end, my reaction was wanting to put her fingers in my mouth.
and friends) is exceedingly proficient at locating a dead body, being capable of laying its eggs upon a corpse within five minutes of death, and sometimes, when open wounds or tissues are accessible, even anticipating death. (By ‘emphatically’, I mean ‘appeared in horrible experiments on several occasions at the breakfast table’).
‘I’m catching up on Bake Off if you fancy it,’ I offered, when her hairjelly-related scribbling seemed to taper off.  She made a noncommittal noise which translated roughly as ‘I must imperiously deny any interest in your plebeian choice of entertainment but shall be deducing Paul Hollywood’s taste in knickers from the incandescence of his tan before you can say “soggy bottoms”’.
‘Woah, easy there. First off, I’m not trying to domesticate you, or whatever, and you know it. I won’t lie, I definitely appreciate the fact that we’ve been banned from considerably fewer of London’s institutions in the past couple years than at the start, but I thought you were bloody brilliant from uncensored Day One. Second, you know what, next time we do this, presuming you want a next time (Sherlock’s eyes went heavenward, as though beseeching the gods, or more likely her periodic table, to spare her from my general obtuseness) you talk all you bloody well want, ok? Because, with all due respect, whoever gave you the impression that you aren’t perfectly irresistible as you are can respectfully go fuck themselves with the nearest rusty object.’
. God. What if she did. Had. Felt something for me? The thought of her face, that flicker of fear, of genuine vulnerability. The thought caused a twist of guilt. Horrible guilt and something else.
Sherlock shifted and took John’s face in his hands, ‘John. My wonderful, luminous, albeit somewhat idiotic John. We can’t both have crises at once.’
Then you’re next to me, curled up in parallel contours. Spinous process of the C5 vertebra 26 centimetres from my eyes, give or take the width of a breath. If we were closer, I believe the colloquial term would be spooning, but there are millions and millions of cells and atoms between us, and I am dreadfully aware of every one of them in this moment.
‘I know. Right, I’m off,’ there was a swoosh, and I looked up from where I was trying to coax on the stockings to see the trail of her coat zipping around the door. I was pretty sure that dramatic coat-donning was going to destroy half the kitchen at some point soon, it was a long coat and covered a metre or so when in full swing, but as usual, she somehow managed to miss all the essential dishware for now. (I’d tried putting on my coat in that same swooshing, single movement way once, just to see if I could, when Sherlock wasn’t around obviously, and ended up getting my arm stuck. Both. My arms. Actually).
She started, and turned towards me, lucid eyes wide, ‘your partner,’ she whispered, giving breath to the words.
Silence fell. I cleared my throat. Well, if we were doing this awkward talking thing… ‘What about. What about you, then. I thought you were, er, you know. Married to your work and all. Transport and things.’
An army doctor bleeds out in the desert. Two weeks later, an alcoholic sister drowns herself in one last bottle. When they find her, the engraving of her phone is imprinted into her face, where she passed out on it, a morbid epitaph to her failed marriage.
It wasn’t a heartening process, the whole mirror routine, I mean it was fine, but I’ve never particularly taken well to those posho sort of crowds – it was always a bit of Sherlock wafting/swooping around, and me, well standing like a normal person, and waiting for whatever trouble was going to happen happen. And following around in the footsteps of the wafting, and wondering why it always was that these sorts of places were so much more conducive to the long wafting types of people than the stumpy practical ones, and marvelling at how Sherlock could go transform such a massive amount of elbow and pretty bony hip to something bridging on willowy. Had to be a skill, that. Bet she practiced, actually, I could see that ('wafting practice, 14:37-14:54'). I tried it once in front of the mirror, and swiftly decided that no, forget wafting, I’d go with the standard solid ‘normal human movements’ thing. Leave the graceful bit of the act to Sherlock.
‘Hey. I can help you get back to your room whenever you need it. If you need it.’ You must have seen it too.
‘Well, she wouldn’t be the first person whose head you turned, what with the cheekbones and all that. She said it herself.’
He is tired of the world, tired of being bored, tired of the expectation that he’ll fit himself into some role, any role, that is too dull, and that he doesn’t understand. He has memorised all the patterns of appropriate social reactions, but it’s such a tedious way to go about living when you can’t actually see the point in it all. It’s like endlessly attending a church service for a religion you don’t believe in. He tries to remember a time when his unaffected personality didn’t breed discomfort in all those who surrounded him, and he can’t, and he should know, he has an excellent memory. But there’s no point to it, is there? No use in it. The world’s all dreadfully boring, and it doesn’t matter what he tries to put his mind to, none if it counts for anything, there’s no point in any of it.
‘Eh, no, not exactly. I’m just here meeting a friend.’ Lithe. That’s the word you’d use for him. Lithe. Not flimsy, but sort of long and elegant. Not… exactly what I’d normally go for, but something about him struck me as sort of interesting.
Right, while I wait, I figure I might as well edge over to the gent in the spiffing suit jacket. Figure I might as well make the most of my time here…
Aa! No, I was quite wrong. In the second of my panicked mental wandering, she had leant it. She’d loosened her grip on my jaw a bit, but her face was now about a centimetre from mine. I could feel her breath across my lips. And then… her lips.
You know, the Guardian, which I buy every weekend to read over a nice hot brekkie and do my crosswords, before Sherlock uses it to sop something up, or as wadding in a home-made combustibles experiment. Because it’s not like I’m in my 20s anymore, is it, and all those blokes on the other ones looked awful.  And the Guardian narrows it down enough that, with any luck, no one will ever contact me. Ha. Yes. Good plan, Watson. Very much in the 'getting out there' spirit.  Oh yes, also it’s hideously called called ‘soulmates’, and I’m pretty sure Sherlock will laugh herself into a coma when she finds out. Except she’s not going to, if I can help it.
‘Yeah I do. I know. I do.’ I babbled, fumbling to weave my fingers through hers, hoping she’d know that I did know, hoping she’d know I
She rolled her eyes, picked up my hands and replaced them, ‘Silly Joan, of all the times to start thinking…’ and squirmed up closer to me.
‘Ok, just…checking’. I tried feeling her stomach a bit and that was nice. It was very smooth, and I wondered if she waxed it, but then I thought she’d be just the kind of person who wouldn’t have any body hair in awkward places. Stomach and hipbones and little shivers, that was nice. And then a bit higher and oh god.
‘Yeah. It’s… good, you’re…oh god…’ she had made another desperate noise as my fingers slipped over her. I could feel a tremor move through her body.
‘Maybe-‘ I cut her off before I got to hear exactly how many minutes and seconds I spent on other embarrassing post-date activities, ‘because I actually enjoy it.’
‘So, sitting room? Get a bit of daylight and all. Well, a very little bit…’ you glance at my closed shutters. I shuffle to the edge of the bed.
God, I was kissing Sherlock Holmes, and it was biggest fucking relief I’d ever felt in my entire life.
‘and I think…’ I continued, ‘well, I think this is it for me. If that’s alright by you. There’s not going to be anyone else for me. Not sure why I ever thought there could be. Just you.’
‘Sherlock, you in?’ ah, that’s Captain Watson, then. Got your courage back up. For…whatever it is you think you need it for.
‘You can’t have known that, you never know until you try with a person, I might have been perfectly awful.’
I tried to look as encouraging as I could with my face partially squashed in her grip. I was pretty sure I looked a bit like a hamster at the moment, but nevermind that.
‘Ok, ok, I get the picture. Just so you know, I’m taking that as “I like you well enough to convince myself it’s worth it no matter what”.’
‘What? Why? I just… I mean. Oh bugger. Sherlock, you know I appreciate what you did. What er… effort you put into making sure Martin and I well… talked… and I saw… it’s just. Things are a bit complicated, at home-‘ (
She leaned into my lips for a while, and then broke away, ‘Does this mean you’re rescinding your ridiculous fingers in the crisper rule?’
‘Harry wouldn’t have you?’ Because the heart, which stopped on the table for two minutes, is beating far too rapidly, and there is pain everywhere, in my chest and in my diaphragm, and in places where I wasn’t shot, and I want you to stay more than anything I’ve ever known, but I want you here forever, not for one rucksack-length, and I want you yesterday, and two years ago, and ten years on, but in this moment, all the wanting feels more like cardiac arrest.
I find no further counter-evidence, and gulp the air in a manner which the outside observer may have likened to a fish.
sort of friend. Female friend, flatmate, I mean, you know.’ He’s got nice hands, sort of long and elegant, with nice angular bits. Reminds me a bit of… I don’t know, something you’d see on a musician or something.
‘This,’ Sherlock gestured at the screen, ‘Netflix. And this,’ she gestured more vaguely at us on the couch.
Brilliant. Now she was my wardrobe consultant. I mean, I was going to wear it anyway, probably. It was that or the purple, left over from my more gregarious days when… well frankly I’d never worn it, and god knows I wouldn’t risk that in this kind of place.
‘I’m sorry to have caused your revulsion, believe me, if there was a way to terminate this reaction, I would have already employed it. Consider the conversation over.’ Sherlock rose and was out of the room before John finished processing the sentence. The bedroom door slammed.
‘Look, I’m sorry!’ John snapped, ‘I’m just trying to understand where this is coming from. You tell me you were wrong about something you said over a year ago, about your desire to - I don’t know - form romantic relationships, and I’m trying to understand who, and why, and how, and why do I even bother? Why did you tell me Sherlock, if you didn’t want to talk about it?’
!’ You spit the last word out with too much vitriol for such an undignified compilation of phonemes, and when your eye catches mine, you hiccup and begin to laugh, blotchily, even as tears wend their way between the splotches.
‘Fuck you, goddamn it Sherlock! You fucking bastard!’ I punched his shoulder. Her shoulder. Fucking ass!
She had managed to wrap herself around me again so there was quite a lot of squirming and kissing and my hands had more or less gone on autopilot, skimming up and around her back and sides, which I didn’t notice until I grabbed her bum to press her closer against me and then she gave a little ‘mph’. I released her immediately, and pressed my guilty palms on the bedcovers.
I mean, I’m sure in retrospect this will make an entertaining blog entry (no, really, I know it sounds sarcastic, but I really am sure). I’d probably be enjoying it now if now had involved Sherlock actually bloody being there. But instead, it involves me in some gopping dress from the back of the closet and some god-awful heels. Fucking lady shoes, because I said ‘how ‘bout these trousers and a nice blouse,’ and all I got was the eyebrow. I said ‘what’s wrong with trousers, trousers are fine, Sherlock, this is what I’d wear for a drink after work,’ and all I got was the eyebrow. ‘Flats?’
*While expressing his other concern, John glanced at the violin case, with a look of consternation. Elementary, really.
One is not the itinerant flatmate of Sherlock Holmes without having it emphatically drilled into one’s mind that the blowfly (
when she doesn’t cook, but that’s a different story). She’s bony, but not enough that you’d forget she’s a lady. Bit of a bum, actually. Just a bit. I mean, it’s not like I’d normally go for a guy with her figure… if you… translated her figure into guys. I mean, she’s sort of tall and lean and things, I’ve always been for your solid sorts of blokes. Not that she didn’t look… depressingly appealing in some of her numerous case related cross-dressing moments.
She sprang from the chair and was off, leaving me still gripping the, now-used, napkin. I wiped my chin, and tried not to think about it.
The next day, a lecturer enjoys an uninterrupted lunch in Russell Square Gardens before heading back to his medical students.
‘No, I. Sherlock, I do not hate your legs.’ John backtracked, feeling unbelievably juvenile, and slightly choked by the cloud of smoke billowing from Sherlock’s cigarette, ‘or any other bits, for the record.’ He settled next to Sherlock, where he had perched with his back against the discoloured bricks.
‘Splendid!’ breathes the man, and the woman edges away, wondering if she should still give the lipstick a go, wishing he would look at her with half feeling he directs to the prospect of…whatever experiment he was here to do, wishing she wasn’t thinking any of these things at all.
‘Good. God, no, I didn’t mean- I know you’re not. I just meant. If there’s another sensible explanation, then for god's sake please enlighten me now, so I can end this frankly nightmarish conversation.’
A few weeks went on uneventfully, and I sort of forgot about the whole thing. There had been the odd ribbing from Sherlock, the evening deduction of a few people on the dating website. Sherlock was keen to jump on the (one woman) bandwagon of convincing me that every single one of the men in the greater London area were unsuitable or insane, which, as the weeks went on, definitely reached the point of statistical improbability. I wanted to be annoyed, particularly when she’d pop out the laptop at breakfast with an announcement of ‘Unicyclist. Two time divorcee, hiding the fact he wears those horrid shoes with individual toes. Probability that he's a serial killer, 62.4%, causes death by suffocating people with his feet, no other logical reason to wear prophylactics on your toes.’ That was a gentle one. Honestly she spent more time on the site than I did. I wanted to be annoyed, but it managed to be somehow endearing. I mean entertaining. Whatever.
As such, things went all a bit mad for the remainder of the weekend and it seemed like I’d barely had the chance to fall into bed before I was dragging myself back into work.  I arrived home after nearly an hour in the Tube (that miraculous form of public transport which senses the desperation of those within it and slows down proportionately to prolong their agony) and managed to heat up something vaguely edible, after which point I nearly wept with joy to see that there was indeed a space on the sofa for me to collapse and succumb to the delights of thoroughly mindless telly. I’d even discovered one seemingly undisturbed package of popcorn and, by some miracle, a microwave devoid of anything offensive, or recently disemboweled, so I took advantage of this spectacular collusion of circumstances and settled in for a well-earned bond with the couch and the latest season of the Great British Bake Off (which, to be fair, had aired months ago, but such was my life).
To no one's surprise except perhaps Sherlock's, Joan closes her dating profile.  Sherlock is momentarily confounded.  Joan lets her work it out.
I buy a ring. I take it out some evenings, and measure its cold density in my palm, but I can’t bring myself to do it. Not yet. I still feel like I’m waiting for something, and that the waiting is the only thing really keeping me together. Each time I consider the ring, it’s only a matter of time before I have to confront what it is that I’ve been waiting for, and realise that it’s something that will never happen.
“No, you aren’t dangerous.” She crossed the floor to lay a hand to John’s shoulder. “My ex-husband, Frank, now HE was dangerous. You just got into spot of bother, luv.”
“Life is short, eat dessert first.”  Harry grinned, cracking the cookie in two to fish out the paper fortune.
“That’s one way of looking at it.” Sherlock chuckled. “The beekeepers association cautions against using that term in one’s promotional materials though.”
“John,” Sherlock looked utterly dazed as they parted. “I think I have some lube . . .” He gestured helplessly toward the floor.
“It’s taken me much longer than usual,” Sherlock said, wishing the case could go on even longer, forever perhaps.
John was jet lagged and exhausted when he dragged off to his hotel room at 9:30 pm, grateful for a hot shower and a soft bed in that order.
“John,” Mycroft greeted him cordially. He wore his usual natty pin-striped robe looking impeccable as always as he dried his hands on a small towel.
The portal slid open to reveal the clerk hovering nervously outside. “Sir, you’ve an urgent message coming through from high command?”
“Noooo?” John said, his jaw dropping. Rhys was a good-enough looking bloke, but a SLYTHERIN, and a chaser on their Quidditch team to boot.  It seemed like treason of the highest order on Victoire’s part.
“Unngghh!” John had lost all notion of words as he let his body guide him into a primal rhythm, sliding into Sherlock again and again, rolling like the waves of the ocean as the scent of sweat and brine washed over them.
Frau Bertha, the apple-cheeked Witch at the counter, greeted Sherlock warmly, asking after John with a wide smile.
“Gland games,” Sherlock drawled, making his pronouncement as long and disgusted as he could manage. “It’s ridiculous.”
Sherlock and John giggled as Mrs. Watson raised an eyebrow at them. “Very funny,” she said. “Harry, be a dear and get the ginger beer from the cupboard, please.”
for her lovely translations of my terrible Google-created German into something actual people might actually say!
John pounced on Sherlock, pushing him back over the carpet as he straddled his hips, bending over him to search his face.
“Right, we’re sorry to have bothered you,” John shot Sherlock a frown. This had gone on long enough. “It’s obvious this is some kind of mistake . . .”
, and waited for a reply.  He glanced down the grey-carpeted corridor at the nearby offices, a dentist and an accounting firm, and snorted. It was doubtful that any of them had the first idea that a thriving Omega porn business sat next door to them. When the receptionist greeted him through the intercom on the wall, Sherlock announced himself, and was promptly buzzed in.
“Yes, yes of course.” John continued glaring at the teenagers while Sherlock sat on the bed next to Meni.
“We’re off to see the new action vid at the Palace. Jo’s sister works there, and she’s going to hold the back door open for us.” The tall one nudged the shorter one with a grin.
“There’s nothing wrong with being sexually active.” Sherlock pulled back slightly to peer at him. “You tended to date the women for several months at a time, but the men were one-offs, generally one night stands picked up in bars.”
“Bloody barbarians.”  A gruff older man Sherlock recognized from the retreat center bared his teeth. “I wouldn’t be standing here today if my wife and I hadn’t been taking a constitutional in the gardens.”
“I’m not, it’s just . . .” John trailed off. He absolutely didn’t want to explain that the story had already made him half-hard in his jeans. “It’s weird . . . alright?” John crossed his arms tightly over his chest
“John, please don’t touch anything. There are sensitive items in here,”  Sherlock called back over his shoulder.
“Since the director of the hospital owes me a favor, I could be somewhat assured of getting you the position if you were interested.”
Sherlock removed the condom from John’s softening cock and tossed it into a nearby bin, gathering a few wet wipes from a low table filled with supplies. He returned to sit on the carpet next to John to take care of him, wiping him clean, then pulling him half into his lap, stroking over John’s head and shoulders as he recovered.
He curled up on the settee and set about clicking through the backlog of emails in his inbox. He advertised his detective business on a variety of websites, but he only took the cases that truly amused him . . . or Mycroft forced upon him.  All too soon, Sherlock felt his eyelids starting to droop. He could of course just curl up and go to sleep on the sofa, it was almost long enough for him to stretch out, but the idea of the wide, comfortable-looking bed with the intriguing little man wouldn’t leave his mind. Sherlock flicked off the lights in the sitting room, and made his way to the bedroom door.
“Oh, all right.” She huffed and retreated into the hallway, waiting until they had finished dressing.
“Oh ho, so you did see me at the Fun House.” John chortled, delighted to have caught Sherlock in a lie.
my home now.” He flung himself against the dragon’s side and held on. In that instant, a shimmer of pure magic rippled over them, and he found himself embracing not a great beast, but a tall thin man with eyes like summer rain.
“I’m afraid I’m not at liberty to discuss it. National security and all that. So my room  . . .” Mycroft arched a perfectly-sculpted brow.
John must have made a sound because Sherlock turned to look his way. He smiled as he reached out to take John’s hand, and the odd sensation passed with the familiar press of their palms together.
“It’s my fault, isn’t it?” Anne sniffed, wiping at her own eyes. “When mum died, Kerry was all I had. I led you to her!”
“I dunno.” Molly tucked a bit of hair behind her ear. “I feel a bit nervous about jumping in like that.”
“How was I supposed to know that Mimi was going out with someone? She never said!” John crossed his arms angrily across his front.
Sherlock looked up with a smile. “I have a favorite Chinese place. I used to stop by least once a week. They stayed open until 2 am on weekends.”
“I’ve got fifteen of them,” Sherlock said. “I wish I could get more, but I’m limited in my distribution mode.” He patted at his bag. It carried a surprising amount, but there was only so much he could pack out on his person.
“Yes. Yes, of course.” Sherlock hastened to find the key to release him. As he unlocked John’s first wrist, Sherlock realized the slat of the headboard was wiggling loose in his hand. He quickly unlocked the other cuff, and let John reclaim the use of his arms.
When he’d opened his eyes that morning, he’d been draped along Sherlock’s impossibly long back, his arm flung across his gently-moving chest. They’d woken the last few days stretched alongside each other, but not touching. John had tried not to be disappointed, but his favorite days were waking up with an armful of mad roommate.
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I wish I’d met you earlier, too.” He reached out to take his love’s hand. It was warm, and he threaded their fingers together.
After quick ablutions in the bathroom, Sherlock hurried to join John in the bedroom. The door slid open to reveal the lights down low, and John still in his clothes sprawled over the mattress, fast asleep. The door whooshed quietly shut behind Sherlock as he moved to stand by the bed. One of John’s hands lay splayed over  his belly, the other arm, thrown back carelessly over his head, his mouth open as he breathed deeply, not quite loud enough to be called a snore.
Sherlock directed rather than explained, helping John to rise, and pushing his half-done plate of breakfast aside to urge John to lie over the sturdy wooden table.
“Well, a girl could get used to this.” Irene whispered, taking his arm, laughing a bit to hide her nervousness.
“All right you lot, let’s pick up the pace,” Teddy said, shifting his basket to his other hand. “I don’t fancy spending any more time stuck inside than I need to.”
John shook himself out of his dream — something about eating a life-sized gingerbread detective — and tried to focus on Sherlock’s words. It took a moment for his brain to make sense of them. When at last he realised that his lover had woken him up from his nap to discuss sexual positions, he chuckled ruefully.
“Nigel is too big for his pants sometimes.” Mrs. Watson sighed. “Well, enough of that business. What say we go out for Chinese? Celebrate your liberation?”
“Are you kidding?” Sherlock moved back to better see John’s face. “A gorgeous army doctor with a psychosomatic limp who doesn’t mind my company? You’re one of the most fascinating people I’ve ever met.”
“I admit, I wasn’t thinking very clearly, I’m sorry. She was probably trying to distract me while she fled . . . speaking of which . . .”
“No, wait . . .” John started after him, but Sherlock was already there, pinwheeling his arms, his big coat silhouetted against the last streaks of red in the dark sky for a moment before he slipped and tumbled over.
He looked about for somewhere to spit it out, and finding nothing, reluctantly swallowed the horror down. He looked sadly at the half left in his hand. Sherlock reached down and took it from, popping it into his own mouth. He frowned, considering as he chewed.
Finally the time had come to go. John walked through his flat one last time. He’d cleared things out, mailed a box to his Mum and Stephen’s place, and sent his owl, Simpson, to fly on ahead to stay with Harry again for a few days.  He’d come across odd things as he’d packed up. It was amazing what you could accumulate in two short years.
“John,” Sherlock moved back, struggling upright to sit on the edge of the bed. “I’m sorry.” An overly loud thump hit the wall from the room next door, rattling the shelves. “How can you stand it? What’s being done to your planet? To your people?” Sherlock shivered. “How can you possibly love me when it’s my people doing this to you?” He dropped his face into his hands.
“Horribly so,” John said. “Simply knackered. I absolutely need an early bedtime. You probably do too.”
John stared, mesmerized as Sherlock expounded on electrophilic substitution, watching the shape of his cupid’s bow lips as he rapid-fired words at the table. He’d forgotten how lovely that deep voice of his was.
Their first few weeks together had been a blur. John had ended up on crutches as his sprained ankle healed properly.
The Little Hobbit tucked into his meal with gusto, and the dragon felt an unexpected pleasure course over him at watching the little one so enjoying his food. They talked as he ate of inconsequential things, the dragon asking after the hobbit’s journey, and his life back in the shire. When at last he was done, the dragon pressed the hobbit again why he had really come to his lair. With a blush, the Little Hobbit admitted to being on a mission to find the dwarves’ missing gem.
“You will?” Sherlock raised eyebrows in mock horror as he reared back. “John Hamish Watson, when did you get so wicked?”
John glanced around at the elegant ice sculptures that didn’t melt in the warm summer evening, and the ropes of fairy lights glowing gently above the heads of the people laughing and talking in a buzz around them.  He could see Mycroft a few tables away chatting seriously with a rather fit dark-haired man. The tent didn’t look that big from outside, but once under it, the space was simply enormous.
“My middle name is Hamish. I hate it though. Always feel like I’ve done something wrong when I hear it, like my mum is calling me in for a whipping. Still, Sherlock and Hamish – has a nice ring to it, yeah?”
“Oh, come off it, Holmes, no one cares what you do in the colonies. As long as you clock in and out on time, and kick some Bajoran scum in between no one gives a sodding arse.”
“Piece o’cake.” John grinned up at him. “This wee beastie’s no’ goin’ anywhere.” The man thrashed in his grip, and John pushed down on his joints, making him cry out. “Aw, dry yer eyes, ye wanker,” John snarled.
The Omega moved his hand to caress across his stomach, leaving glistening trails of wet over his skin and the thin line of fur that pointed to the thatch around his shaft.  Sherlock swallowed, wanting desperately to sink his hands, and his mouth, and his cock into this lovely, ripe Omega. He almost felt as though he could smell him, the sweet luscious scent of him in his nostrils.
In bed, Sherlock reached out to him before turning off the bedside lamp. “Are you tired?” His voice was hesitant, still not used to the easy exchange between lovers.
Cold drops of water startled him, and Sherlock opened his eyes to find a wet John standing over him, his chest heaving as he caught his breath. His hair hung dark and heavy, dripping water that slid over his shoulders past brown nipples standing peaked. Sherlock’s gaze dropped lower, following the sparse trail of hair to his cock and balls nestled in close to his body. Even soft, John was magnificent.  Sherlock’s mouth went dry with sudden want.
“I’m not gay.” Sherlock leaned in to better fish around at the bottom of his bag. “At least not strictly speaking.”
“Please, if you could just speak a bit louder . . . the people on the other side of the street might not have heard you.” Sherlock bristled.
John sputtered, coughing beside him. He’d obviously tried to drink some of the noxious brew in his glass. Sherlock set his down on the floor untouched.
John cracked an eye to find Sherlock, a riot of curls silhouetted against the sun, looming over him.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, examining the blueprints. He knelt on the floor to look closer and after a few seconds John joined him.
“As a heart attack. Don’t worry I won’t kiss and tell.” John smiled, the heat of the alcohol making him feel loose and open. He turned toward Owen slowly as if in a dream.
Deciding he had no chance of escape, the Little Hobbit bravely stood to accept his fate. Instantly the dragon dove out and pounced, caging him between outstretched talons that pinned him to the ground.
John fiddled with his phone as Sherlock moved the sports car into the garage, debating on what to text Harry. He figured she deserved some kind of heads up before they descended on her.  It was Monday and she’d be home. He’d sent a quick text the night before informing her he was staying over, but he’d skipped over the moving-out business. He finally decided to simply leave that information for when he saw her, and typed something short.
Many, many thanks to all who have commented, and kudoed, and been so very supportive of this unilock WIP of mine. I so appreciate the company along the journey!
Sherlock, of course, whirled off to finish his own toilette in the bathroom, doing something complicated with his hair. When they met up in the kitchen, John’s mouth went dry at the sight of him. Sherlock glided in wearing a pair of dark bespoke trousers that flowed over his lean form like water, and a tight purple shirt that looked near ready to burst.
“Oh, but you lost touch with John so suddenly.” Molly laid a soft hand to his wrist. “That must have been so awful. Did you ever hear from him again?”
Sherlock stumbled to a halt next to a large oil painting of yellow sunflowers, and glanced at John looking horrified. John stopped beside him, hating to eavesdrop, but powerless to do anything else.
“I admit some acting does come in handy during the course of an investigation,” Sherlock said, watching as John scooped up another bite, almost transfixed.
John turned so that he could face Sherlock. He reached up to lay a palm along his check. “Oh, you beautiful man,” he whispered. “If only you could truly be mine.”
They kissed and kissed, twining together, embracing as tightly as possible. Sherlock’s erection dragged across John’s belly as his lover’s own sizable girth rubbed against his arse. It was lovely, but not enough friction to get off. Eventually, even with the heat of John’s body against him, the cold water had him shivering.
“Oh, God.” John sank back into the pillows grinding the heels of his palms into his eyes. He took a deep breath willing his pulse to settle.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. The one with the big camera. Okay.” John stalked off to fulfill at least some of his best man duties.
. . . a chant ran through John’s mind, as he hurled himself through the opening.  Sherlock’s beautiful face hove into view above, splitting into a wide grin. John dropped his bag to the ground and dived in. He had an armful of Sherlock crushed against him in an instant as his mouth searched for Sherlock’s.  Long hands curved around John’s back anchoring him as their mouths connected, kissing and kissing as if they could swallow each other whole. Red hot desire shot through John like a lance as a desperate sound escaped his throat. Sherlock answered with a low rumble of his own. After an age of kissing, they gradually tapered off to small pecks dropped across noses, and cheeks and chins. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck to just breathe as he pulled him as close as possible. He sighed all the way down to his toes. Sherlock shivered against him.  God, he smelled incredible, so very Sherlock.
“Aye, that’s right.” John squinted at them, smiling boyishly. “Honeymoon’s over, time to get back to work.”  He flashed a wink at Sherlock, and it brought such a flush of affection for his love, that Sherlock had to step forward and kiss him. The sailors paid them no mind as they set to work hauling their luggage, and it settled something inside Sherlock. They were a couple now. A real couple that others would see together as simply a matter of fact.
“John.” Sherlock’s cool expression fled as he pulled John against him. “I would never ever have wished for you to be hurt like this, but it brought you to me. You’d still be in Afghanistan if not for this wound.”
“Yes, of course.” The woman looked a bit embarrassed as she collected herself and moved to check on another table.
“Now, we’re going to discuss aromatic substitution.”  Irene leveled a narrow look at Sherlock. “Aren’t we?”
“No, we’re even. You saved me from that bludger.” Alastaire pulled out his potions book and passed it to John. His eyes dropped to the ground before rising to fix on John. “I was the one who spelled it, you know. I was trying to see if I could get it to follow someone, but it backfired, and the damn ball wouldn’t leave me alone. Won’t be trying that again.”
As John glanced up from cramming his books into his bag, he thought he caught a flurry of dark curls, and a swirl of long coat heading out the door, but it was too quick for him to take better note.
John’s mum was great - of course she was, but it was little moments like that when John felt the loss of his father keenly.  He wished he’d had to a chance to know him, and visit the Wizarding world while he was growing up.
“I know, I know,” John repeated. “They’re probably fine though. You’ve got all those guards at your house. I’m sure they’ll be okay.”
“You might not have been paid a king’s ransom, but something pushed you into indentured servanthood after your service. What was it . . . drinking? drugs? gambling?” When John flinched at the last one, Sherlock knew he had him. “Ah, so you’re a gambling man. Got a bit away from you, hmmm?”
“I dunno.” John shrugged. “I guess I just like who I like. I suppose I’m not too fussed about whether they piss standing up or sitting down.”
“Ich freue mich darauf. Darauf und auf den vollen Betrag, mein Hübscher." – I look forward to it, along with the full payment, my pretty one.
John sat back from the table in the Gryffindor common room, and scrubbed at his eyes. “Ugh. I am never going to remember all the rules for these arithmancy spells.”
"Relax, it's just the luggage," Sherlock said, as the suitcase in question peeked out from under the bed frame. "It didn't fit anywhere else in here."
“Hullo?” A girl with curly hair wearing a purple swimsuit with a large dotted towel about her waist ventured in. John thought she looked familiar, trying to place her until it clicked that she was Sherlock’s younger cousin . . .
“I am NOT rubbish in the kitchen. I just don’t care to waste time on all that fiddly business with making food. It’s tiresome.” Irene affected a yawn. “Why bother when you can order out so easily?”
“Yes, that will do nicely.” Sherlock nodded his approval, and the man wrapped them up along with the box for his grandmother.
“Good, yeah, I think it’s going to be alright,” Victor said. “The position’s not as high up as my last place, but I think I can probably move up in a few months if all goes well.”
“Irene, you have a dirty mind.” John grabbed up his books to shove into his rucksack. “Anyway, I wouldn’t know. Sherlock doesn’t
“I know we just met, but would you help me out? I neeeeeed a big strong Alpha cock to fill my empty hole. God I am SO wet.” The look John shot the camera from half-lidded eyes was downright molten.
“I’m John Watson,” he snapped, shaking it only reluctantly. “I live here. I’m assuming you’re a friend of Sherlock’s?”
“No his arse was like bread dough, I think it was,” Dom said. “It was his lips that were smooth as butter.”
Sherlock resisted the impulse to roll his own eyes. “This is a martial arts class. It will hardly be effective if we do not engage one another.”
John watched as Sherlock disappeared into a small gap between the densely-packed bushes ahead. Glancing about to find only deserted country road behind him, John ducked in after. He pushed through the greenery, nearly overwhelmed by the thick sweet scent that enveloped him within.
Sherlock rose fluidly, and together they moved to a darker spot near the shifting bodies. Sherlock showed John how to stand and where to position his hands.
John glanced back at the tangle of notes left by Sherlock across his page. “Yup, Sherlock says yellow is best.”
“No, I’m not sick. It’s just that Alastaire Holmes is the Slytherin seeker, and from a distance, well, he looks just like Sherlock. I kept seeing him out of the corner of my eye, and  . . . it threw me.”
. His mad roommate had obviously materialized to cozy up like a friendly cephalopod sometime in the night. Sherlock’s whole body curled tightly around him while his own arm lay slung over his shoulders. John got a whiff off his hair, and inhaled deeply, visions of tropical beaches suddenly dancing through his mind's eye. John could feel the slow rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest, and if he concentrated, the gentle thump of his heart. He tightened his hold around Sherlock slightly, and the man sighed, snuffling into his chest.  John felt a wave of something very tender sweep over him. Still, he needed to reach the alarm.
“I agree,” John’s mum said, “but sometimes people don’t have a choice. They have to take the long way around.”
Finally, after a small eternity, they were able to make their exit. John promised Harry and Clara they wouldn’t be strangers as they finally waved farewell, and made their way back to the car.
“Roommates? I thought Sherlock requested a single this year.” Mrs. Holmes raised her well-sculpted eyebrows in Sherlock’s direction.
“Magic swirled around her as she pointed a long, bony finger at the know-it-all. ‘I curse you to wear the pain on your skin that you have caused others. May you bear the shape of a monster until you can know true compassion.’
He flashed back to a beautiful boy who’d sat in front of him in organic chemistry at uni. He’d been called David. John had gone nearly mad for a semester over a single ginger curl that hung over the nape of his long neck. Sadly he’d never found the courage to do more than exchange a few words with him in class. It had been easier to date a string of girls then to admit anything about . . . David.
Most of the blooms had withered away as summer slid into autumn, and the bees were definitely slowing down. John assumed they did some sort of hibernation in the winter. He would have asked Sherlock to explain it all, at great length no doubt, but Sherlock had been gone for almost a week, and wasn’t telling John much of anything at the moment.  John was starting to wonder if this was it, his cue to leave and move back in with Harry.
Clean-up was minimal, and John pulled Sherlock into a hug when they were done. He suggested they go to bed early that night, punctuating the suggestion with a line of kisses pressed along Sherlock’s jaw.
John focused on making the tea, only half listening to the conversation buzzing behind him. When he returned with the fresh cup, Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
John gingerly climbed back into the bed and laid a tentative hand on Sherlock’s thigh, he asked quietly, “Don’t you think I’m…broken or…weak?”
Rekja was a popular spice that sold well. Synth versions just didn’t do it justice, and Sherlock was certain he could find an offworld buyer who would pay a pretty price for a fresh source. After a bit of debate they thankfully managed to reach a consensus on the compromise.
John wanted to kick himself for turning to watch the nearly obscene display. His own cone splintered in his hand as he gripped it too hard.
Grand-mère Holmes frowned at the assembled crowd. “When I find out who did this, I will be quite monstrous. Disrespect for a guest at my home?” She glared around, finishing her sharp tirade in French. Everyone hung their heads for laughing at John when she had finished.
Shakaar moved between Sherlock and the Bajoran, Reese, giving some obviously rote speech, for the honor of their people . . . blah, blah. Sherlock let the words wash over him as he watched his opponent twitching with impatience. Finally, Shakaar called the start and stepped aside.  The men circled each other for a moment, each getting the measure of his opponent. Sherlock remained cool, watching, waiting for the man to do something foolish.
“You find the house intimidating,” Sherlock said. “My grandmother left it to me when she passed. I’d rather I still had her, but we don’t always have control of these things. Why don’t you come in?”
“But I’m sure you can appreciate that there’s a lot at stake here,” Shakaar continued. “We need to be sure of your commitment.”
“I’m afraid it’s quite necessary. I’m certainly the lovely Miss Adler can spare your scintillating company for a few minutes time.”
Over breakfast, John finally brought up one of the loose ends that had been pushed to the back of his mind for the past couple of days. “You never did tell me how you figured out the clues that were supposed to be for me without asking for my help.”
“Don’t you two look proud of yourselves?” Irene quipped as she nudged Gwen. They exchanged smug smiles.
“Is that necessary?” Sherlock grimaced, patting his mussed hair back into place. “Surely my face isn’t that unappealing.
“Just getting the inseam,” Sherlock muttered, reaching up to secure the tape end at the crease of John’s inner thigh.
“I’d assumed you were a doctor working here when I saw your name.” The side of Sherlock’s mouth tipped up wryly as they both glanced at “Dr. John Watson.”
“Both the possible arene substitution patterns, and the speed of an electrophilic aromatic substitution are affected by the substituents already attached to the benzene ring.”
“Naw, sorry. Got practice with the footballers tonight,” John demurred, bending over to fill his bag.
“Yup, still here.” The man leaned in to drop a kiss to Sherlock’s nose. “You fucking gorgeous, amazing, best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“He started controlling everything I did. Didn’t want me to see my friends. Made me check in all the time. When I tried to pull back, that’s when  . . . well, he wasn’t so nice then.”
“Well, they were looking for a jewel. Is there anything in the place that might be like a large glowing rock? Or anything buried?”
“You’re coming to my birthday party next week?” Sherlock smiled slightly. His mother had insisted that his fifteenth birthday celebration be a huge and monstrous affair to top off the holiday season. She seemed to have invited most of the high ranking families in Dahkur City, and many from the neighboring towns as well.
Heedless of who might hear, tired of hiding, Sherlock started talking. It came spilling out in a rush like floodgates bursting open.
“If we must,” Sherlock grumbled, but it was good-natured, and he lifted his head to glance out at the searing blue of the sky that called from outside.
The tip of the first bead was now just barely nudging against John’s prostate. What had been a pleasant but not particularly arousing experience suddenly kicked up a notch. John felt his cock stir beneath him in renewed interest.
“Kai, if there’s anything I can day to convince you, I really do care for Bajor. It’s been the only home I’ve ever known.”
John's gaze naturally searched out Sherlock, finding him frozen in the corner of the room like some awkward statue, his eyes drinking them in from afar. One glance at his face told John how serious things had been. Sherlock looked destroyed.  John took one step, and Sherlock broke from his paralysis to surge forward, gathering John into his arms. Sherlock said nothing, merely held him tightly as he pressed his cheek against the top of John’s head. John felt the last of the tension he didn’t realize he was holding leave his body in a whoosh as he buried his face against Sherlock's chest.
look over her glasses. “You have to go for things you want, darlin’. You can’t always wait for them to come to you.”
“We need the front window display redone – it’s so dreary out, a little change will do us all some good.”
Thankfully Mrs. Watson remained head of the kitchens despite the huge fiasco with John, and Sherlock was determined to make good use of the fact that she traveled between their homes nearly every day. Sherlock would write John a letter. He would also play the model citizen at the Holmes Gulag, lulling everyone into a false sense of security until he could enact his long-term schemes. Vision. A battle was won by beginning with a vision. Sherlock started his campaign by picking everything up from his floor, and painstakingly putting his room back to rights.
John stood as the train rattled in to the station, wondering what he was actually going to say to Sherlock if and when he managed to be in a room with him.
John sat down feeling suddenly tongue-tied as he watched her take a pull from her cigarette, the end growing bright orange in the dark.  She blew a stream of smoke to the side.
Striding to the empty refrigerator, he threw open the door and stuck his head inside. A moment later he emerged, holding a small light bulb. He showed the tiny letters inscribed on it to John.
Sherlock. Sherlock liked the sound of that. He definitely didn’t want to belong to anyone but John. “Kiss me again,” Sherlock commanded, raising his face. John swore under his breath and abandoned all restraint to do just that.
“Without knowing how many digits are required, there are an infinite number of possibilities here. We’ll have to find another clue,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock huffed and dropped the Monopoly money he was examining onto the table, “You’re right, this isn’t getting us anywhere. Do you fancy a game though?”
They emerged from the small corridor into a briny breeze off the water. By the dying light, John could see they were standing on a cliff, the rush of waves beating at a beach some distance below.
“Pay attention,” John said, in a mock-stern voice. “I promised stimulation for your mind as well as your body, so here’s how we’re going to play it: I’m going to give you a series of maths problems based on the periodic table, just like the ones you said were so easy earlier. I’ll put my hand on you while I’m asking the questions, and my mouth on you while you’re thinking. But if it takes you too long to answer, I’ll stop touching you completely until you regain your powers of mental arithmetic. Understood?”
“It isn’t much . . .” John trailed off, but Sherlock had already released it, letting the paper fall to uncover the flat metal thing inside, still slightly warm from being in John’s pocket. It had a chain on one end, and Sherlock held it up to dangle from one finger to better inspect it.  An image of an eye was stamped into one side while small holes punched around the edges formed a lace-like pattern.
Once back in the living room, John perched awkwardly at Sherlock’s side, sipping too-hot tea while Harry expertly extracted Sherlock’s life history from him. John was impressed at how much information Harry managed to elicit in just a few short minutes. Sherlock dropped too many sugar cubes into his cup, taking one swallow before setting it aside to answer Harry’s barrage of questions. She had Sherlock waxing poetic about his time in the chemistry labs at Cambridge before finally allowing them to move upstairs to collect John’s things.
“I’ve got three more days of leave,” John said, watching Sherlock over the rim of his teacup. I was planning on renting a car and doing a bit of sight-seeing. I don’t know how busy you are, but if you’re free . . .”
Just because Sherlock hadn’t detected any spycams on his first walk through, didn’t mean there wasn’t something in the room somewhere.
A sudden movement startled his reverie, and he turned quickly watching as a large lizard burst out from under a bush. Sherlock almost laughed. It died in his throat as a net spiraled after the creature, landing neatly to snare it up. The lizard tripped, legs and tail thrashing as it tried to escape the webbing. When a Bajoran man in a knit cap darted out to kneel beside it, Sherlock was ready. He stepped forward, his drawn disruptor already in hand.
“You like that don’t you? Like having your arse stretched open?” Sherlock pitched his voice as low as it would go. “I have to tell you, I love seeing you like this, John. Completely under my control.”  Sherlock flicked the button that turned the vibrations on.
Sherlock nodded. The buzz of disruptors sounded from the compound behind them, and the three of them took to their heels running without another glance back.  They reached the end of the alley, stopping to catch their breath. The main power was obviously off, all the lamps were out, but several other houses up and down the street had gone up like funeral pyres burning brightly against the black of the dark sky. The vandalism was more than the work of a few madmen, this was a concerted attack on the whole neighborhood.  Sherlock gasped at the wanton destruction of it all. He felt John’s fingers curling over his arm on one side, and Mrs. Watson shaking her head beside him on the other.
“Thank you, Mother, you’ve moved the world.” Sherlock told her fervently. “I . . . we won’t forget it.”
Sherlock reached into his pocket fingering the bag inside as he turned the corner. This was really the only companionship he needed he thought letting his long fingers close around the soft packet. That other thing, the panting, the sweating, the exchanging of fluids. It could never compare to the simple pleasures of chemical joy. He smiled coldly to himself already planning how good his high was going to be as he moved through the maze of alleys back toward his bedsit.
“Nooo!? How can you possibly resist that arse? And that brain? I bet he’d say the most delightfully filthy things in bed.”
“Well, there is something I could do – something simple.” He shrugged.  “I could put an attraction glamour on you. It would only last the night, and it wouldn’t affect anyone who wouldn’t normally be interested in you. It would however boost the volume a bit for those already keen.”
“You, young man. Don’t think I’m not still not angry with you for sneaking onto the estate like that.” Mrs. Watson waved her fork at John.
John had taken to carding his fingers through his flatmate’s hair in the evenings when Sherlock insisted on using his lap as a cushion on the sofa. If he caught a tangle and pulled too hard, Sherlock would immediately grumble and swat John’s leg. John had learned to be careful.
“All right, there, John?”  The dark-haired man moved to greet him personally, clapping a hand to John’s shoulder. Up close, John could see the beginning threads of silver woven in next to his temples. Friendly crinkles framed his dark eyes as he smiled down at John.
“We need help,” Mike said. “We have to recruit someone into the study group who actually knows all this.”
“Good evening,” John called out as Sherlock drew close enough to hear. “You’re looking very well, bibi.”
“But of course.” The man trilled a laugh. “You can’t trust rogue Alphas as far as you can throw them. Give me a bonded Alpha like yourself any day.”
John found a blanket that didn’t smell too awful, and he tucked it around them pulling Sherlock close, wrapping them together.
Sherlock leapt to his feet to peer out the small window, tracking the strangers’ progress as they crunched along the garden path. “It appears to be nine, no ten of them, Bajoran, labourers . . . oh yes, and armed . .  . with incendiary devices as well as some disruptors.”
“You and me both,” John said running a hand back through his hair. “I think it’s the Second Goblin War thingie.”
“I have some ideas. That last section makes sense to me at least, but the rest is sounding like it may be something I’m incapable of solving.”
Mind no longer clouded by the horrifying thought that Sherlock found his cock somehow lacking, John turned his attention to the picture on the box. The double cock ring formed a figure 8, bisected by the line of a cylindrical vibrator.
The title of this chapter and the quote that Mycroft teaches Sherlock is a paraphrase from Sun Tzu's famous "The Art of War" treatise.
John followed Sherlock as they slipped out of the shed, and moved like ghosts through the dark, following paths they knew better than the back of their hands.  The intruders seemed intent on moving toward the well-lit public section of the house. Sherlock could see the windows along that side of the house shining like beacons in the night, the partygoers no doubt still blithely reveling inside.
John froze. He felt as if he’d been slapped. Sherlock was right. He wasn’t the man’s mother. He wasn’t the man’s boyfriend. When you got right down to it, they were barely even friends. John growled and threw the phone down on the bed in disgust, raking his hands back through his hair. He had a head ache, and Sherlock hadn’t made it any better.
“Prophets, the fucking irrigation system is crap,” John groaned where he hunkered down by the equipment that had been rolled out over the field. Metal structures held up the sprinklers, but the hoses that connected them were in sad shape. He reached out to poke his fingers into the hole in the piping. “The tubes have rotted out. We’ll need to replace them all.”
John raised his bat as they streaked in, side by side, and noted out of the corner of his eye as Vic did the same.  Alastaire was a good flier, and he gave the bludger a fair chase, but John could see he was tiring, slowing down.  He and Victorice drew near, but they couldn’t get close enough to get a good swing in without hitting Alastaire.
Sherlock stood and squinted at the sun before picking the spot for his quadrant contraption nearby, asking John to help him set it up.
Sherlock left his hotel dressed casually, a loose shirt and khakis, scuffed trainers, and a ball cap pulled low over dark sunglasses as his simple disguise. Despite his teasing with John, he’d left the scruff on his jaw to better tamp down the paleness of his face. He’d only gone a few blocks though before a car with tinted windows slid to the kerb beside him.
Sherlock felt as though he might die if he didn’t apologize properly to John. He crawled along on all fours until he reached John peering at the display across the panel on the wall. Surging up to his knees, Sherlock threw his arms around John’s thighs to press close, a movement that had the added advantage of bringing his face in line with John’s lovely rear.
It took a few minutes for Sherlock to leave his experiment in a safe way so that nothing would explode or catch fire, but once that was done he followed eagerly, muttering to himself about how stupid he had been to not check the outside of the building.
“You do look a bit off. You might feel better in morning, but if you do still want to go home early, it’s fine. I know Kate will be happy to see me.”
They made it through two more fights, losing one, and winning the next before Sherlock looked at the chronometer in his bag. He nudged John. “We have to go.”
“Jesus, I don’t have a thing for dragons.” John could feel his face heating. He ducked it as well as he could in the space between the door and Sherlock, and ended up sticking his nose in Sherlock’s armpit.  He smelled comforting. “Yeah, alright, I had a girlfriend in uni who liked to play a bit with tying me up.” His words came muffled against Sherlock’s side.
“Yes, we’re taking the 10 am train,” John answered, lacing his hand into Sherlock’s as the two of them grinned at each other.
“Yes . . . sir,” Sherlock faltered. “I saw the reports. Horrible business. It was really due to my friend, Miss Adler, she was ill . . .”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but acquiesced to John’s direction that they lie back, getting comfortable against the headboard as he prepared to read.
“Hey, don’t talk like that, Lupie.” Furel reached out to shake her shoulder. “What people do, the sacrifice, it matters. We’re getting there.”
The ride home was a quiet one, and after snogging each other silly, they moved on to reading (John) and mind palace cleaning (Sherlock) while draped companionably against each other.  For such a small group of travelers, the train offered no snacks trolley so they were both quite famished when the train pulled into King’s Cross station.
“I don’t fancy staying over here any longer than we need to.” John glanced up at the brass name plates that still adorned the sides of the rooms they had both woken up in. “Look, our names. I’d forgotten about that.”
A pressure in John’s groin reminded him that he hadn’t visited the loo in several hours. He killed the music and pulled out his phone. A quick text confirmed that Mike wasn’t in the building.
Sherlock licked over all of John’s cock, no spot left unattended as he caught the sticky stripes with the flat of his tongue, greedily gobbling up the treat. John groaned at the pleasure that shimmied through him. Sherlock scooped up another dollop of honey, dripping from two fingers, that he smeared over the tip of John’s cock. Almost purring, Sherlock lapped over the crown, guiding it into his mouth to take all of John inside, sinking down, sheathing him in wet heat.
“People often project their own failings onto others.” Sherlock moved to unlock the truck. “That man is an idiot, ignore anything he said.”
“Oh, he did not," Tom said, plucking the scroll deftly from Teddy’s fingers.  He unrolled it to read aloud:
“No, it’s fine, really. Take that one.” Molly appeared, clutching her laptop. “I can sit by Mike.” She moved to the seat on the far side of the group, and there was nothing left but for Sherlock to gracefully settle into the open chair by John.
They chatted amiably about the merits of Asian cuisine, and the uses of a new medication the reps were pushing until the afternoon patients began trickling in. John felt like a heel as he moved to bin his trash. He’d just negated Sherlock’s entire existence with a casual deflection. He wanted to go back, and tell Sarah,
“No, loved you before, too.” Sherlock insisted, nosing further at the scent glands along the base of John’s neck where it sloped into his shoulder, raking his teeth over the spot ever so gently. “Mine,” he whispered dropping wet kisses along John’s neck. “Mine, mine, mine.”
“Well, now that’s getting a bit scary.” John glanced around the room suddenly worried about cameras again. “Did you say we need a GPS device?”
Molly glanced about. “It’s horrible how the Bajorans are being treated these days. The new laws . . .” She dropped her voice. “Most of the other officers’ families won’t hire them, but I made Dov agree to all our servants being Bajoran. It keeps them out of those labor camps. It’s  . . . it’s simply horrid.”
The Little Hobbit’s mouth dropped open in surprised. “Are you not pleased with my company any longer, O Dragon?”
Sherlock curled obligingly over, cocooning John in his long limbs. They might have stayed like that for the rest of the day had Sherlock not pulled back to fix John with a petulant stare.
Sherlock and John had sneaked off to their room for a quiet afternoon kip together. It felt horribly indulgent, but pure bliss to lie next to John in the heat of the day, an arm slung over his belly, cool air from the vents blowing over them as they dozed. Of course when they woke, it had been only natural to roll together, and trade lazy kisses that led to soft love making.
Finally, it was time. Sherlock binned his cup, found John’s arrival gate, and stood, nerves pinging waiting for the portkey to arrive.
“Are we meant to carry the contents of the kitchen away in our bellies?”  Sherlock blinked at the spread.
“Just so,” Sherlock replied. “Plus I’ve got to go home and shave.” He lifted his hand to rub over the suggestion of dark hair prickling at his jaw. “You don’t seem to own a razor.”
The Thai restaurant, Seeracha, had become a favorite of theirs, and they quickly relaxed over hot tea, and bowls of spicy coconut milk soup. It had good food at a nice price, and a downscale atmosphere that John enjoyed. They talked of nothing important until their main course arrived. John had ordered a red curry, and Sherlock a green one, and they tucked into their meals with relish. Finally, after hunger had been addressed, Sherlock spoke.
She rolled back on the bar, laughing, ‘Oh this is brilliant, I’m so glad you came. Have you spotted Dawson yet?’
‘No. Not really, no. Not at all, actually. No more men, that’s the whole point of closing the profile, isn’t it.’
‘Good. Good. Lie back, will you? Lie back… there. God you’re… you’re gorgeous, you know? I’ve always thought you were. Unbelievably. Ludicrously. Gorgeous.’ I ran my fingers across her eyebrows and cheekbones and lips, and kissed them, and that gorgeous neck. I could smell the piney sweetness of her shampoo, and the summery heat of her damp skin. The skin of her neck was taut and soft like a fruit against my lips, it was warm and pulsing and slightly salty, and I wanted to devour her. I moulded my mouth against her skin, and licked the delicate hollow of her collarbones, and pulled her nipples into my mouth until their shift from soft and silky to slick and hard was permanently emblazoned on my tongue.
, just the numb slip from nauseating sleepless nights into meaningless days, stretching into eternity.
‘I have it on good authority,’ Sherlock began, ‘That the combination of certain on-demand based streaming video content providers, and leisure activity in the company of another person is commonly used as a euphemism for sexual activity.’
‘I want you to know… there’s something… I’ve been meaning to say…’ she paused and licked more nibbling kisses into my skin. Her next breath felt almost like a sob.
With another sudden movement, her hand was on my face, gripping my jaw, her fingers digging a bit into my cheeks.   She continued to look at me, eyes flicking back and forth with rapid precision, as though gauging every manifestation of my reaction, from ears to chin. Which, to be honest, she was probably doing. She turned my head slightly from side to side, still staring, really, staring like she’d never seen me before, like she’d never got a chance to really look. Perhaps she hadn’t. ‘Here you are,’ she muttered again.
‘No really!’ she gasped ‘I mean, I know I’m good, but you bloody live with me – how could you not recognise me, you should’ve seen your face!’
I nodded. She shucked them off, and then divested herself of her trousers as well. She wasn’t wearing any pants underneath. My eyes flicked away before I remembered that I was allowed to look at her. That I was probably supposed to be looking at her. Right. I figured I should probably try not to look like I was just curious about what she… did… down there. And clearly failed, as she gave me a look that said I was being an idiot, and could do whatever I liked.
Sherlock’s eyes gave a little jump as she came back online. Then at once the bed was full of a lot of wriggling Sherlock, as were my arms, and all the bits of empty space in between them. ‘Why would I ever kick you out?’ she said into my neck, before nibbling her way up to my pulse point.
You tip your head back again. The ceiling has never been the subject of such detailed scrutiny. ‘Ha. Do I?’ your tone is grim, ‘I’ve no idea what I loved. I don’t know what that was. How could I trust a man who’s happy to point a gun and pull the trigger on people I care about? How could I trust him with my… with our family? How the hell am going to protect this… this thing? I swore, I never wanted to be a single parent. I like freedom, I like independence. I need that in my life. What we had. I need some of that. But now. Even when I’m with Martin, I’m alone. I don’t know what he’s thinking, or planning or feeling. I mean, I don’t always agree with your methods. Hell, sometimes they’re absolutely rotten, but at least I know you well enough to trust your motivations. I- I said when you died. Well, you saw what I wrote. I said you’re the best person I’ve ever known, and I meant it. Mean it. You’re good under there. And you know I trust you. But Martin. Fuck. What the hell even is his motivation? He’s the opposite, right? He’s been perfectly trustworthy in everyday life, but then his underlying motivation is incomprehensible.’
Sherlock’s lips joined his, and John was flooded with giddy relief, that it worked, that it wasn’t awkward, that his limbs felt on fire, though possibly that was due to the awkward angle, that his body had finally cottoned on to the fact that Sherlock was
The future seems more terrifying than it has ever been, because now I know exactly what there is to lose, and all of it's unthinkable. The irrational portions of my brain tell me desperately that if I extend my arm around you, it would somehow heal this void of uncertainty. I have built my trade on knowing things, but I don’t know if that would be welcome. I can tell you the chemical differences between 243 types of tobacco ash. I can call each of your bones by name. I know which of their surfaces are forensically relevant, so I would recognise you until you were reduced to ash, though I hope never to face that.
Either she thought I was an idiot, and was trying to use me for some experiment. Again. Maybe trying to get me to have some sort of reaction.
Shame, I really shouldn’t have gone for more popcorn. I coughed and it all went flying out of my hand, ‘Sorry, come again?’
Ok, ok, I’d seen it before. And if we’re being honest, when it appeared it normally was directed at me. It was just… in this context it meant something else, didn’t it. It meant a bit more. I swallowed suddenly over what had become a rather lumpy feeling in my throat.
‘Erm. I found it. Well, a bit uncomfortable getting up.’ A lie of sorts. It is uncomfortable, but that didn’t stop me from having lunch with Magnussen, oh, weeks ago.
It wasn’t that I was wildly turned on by her. Of course, I appreciated that she was gorgeous in an alien sort of way that made her hard not to watch, but I was also pretty sure that was popular consensus, wasn't it? And she had a terribly precious way of mixing unbelievable elegance with moments of complete awkwardness, in away that always made me want to laugh with gratitude that I was lucky enough to know her at all. But surely, if I had that same kind of chemistry that I had with men, I’d have noticed, right? It would have overwhelmed me until I would have done something, said something. I remember asking Harry how she'd known she was gay and she'd said, 'You know, you just know. Just like you know you like boys'.
John’s ears perked right up. “Oooh, Motown.” He cried, “Come on, sweet, dance with me.” He nudged Sherlock with his elbow.
“Well, now, why don’t we leave the lovebirds a moment or two to say good-bye?” Shakaar said with a grin.  “Surely the Resistance can spare that.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, John. I didn’t mean to lose weight.” Sherlock shifted, bringing himself back level with John’s face. “It’s just that things get so busy at the potions’ workshop.  There’s always so much to do, and such wonderful things to learn.” He propped his head up over a bent arm, and shrugged a shoulder.  “Just the other day, Herr Moser showed me a new way to brew Adder’s Fork . . .” John smiled and nodded as Sherlock pontificated on the various applications of the plant.
“I’m not sure,” Sherlock lifted a shoulder, “but it’s still excellent information, and hopefully something we can use to our advantage.”
“Yeah?” John raised his eyebrows, hardly surprised. Of course Sherlock knew how to dance. He seemed to know a bit about nearly everything.
“Indeed. Let’s keep this in mind as we begin your last school year, shall we?  Potions experts need to be well informed to make the best decisions possible. Now if you will all please open your books and turn to page 21 . . .” The room filled with the sounds of heavy books being dragged out and ruffled through.
“Sherlock, come on, we can’t stop.” John wheezed, tugging on his arm, and Sherlock hurried to rejoin Mrs. Watson who had pulled ahead. They had barely made it through the gate, and across the street into some bushes when an emergency vehicle blazed by. The flash of disrupter blasts shooting off from its sides lit up the night like a strobe light. The beams cut down every moving body that it passed, the unfortunate souls in its path bursting into de-atomized ions as the car screamed past.
Since the night of the attacks, all the families of key personnel had been evacuated from the civilian area to the better guarded military complex outside of town. It seems a number of Cardassian homes and installations had been targeted in a coordinated effort the night of Sherlock’s birthday.
Sherlock turned quickly, trying to disappear in the crowd, hoping the man would think he’d made a mistake.
“Well, I dunno, where you grew up, where you went to school, any siblings, favorite telly show . . . that sort of thing.”
The Little Hobbit felt his courage had quite deserted him. He forged ahead down the long, dark tunnel bolstered only by the dwarves’ assurances that surely he was too small to be noticed by the dragon. Sadly, though, they had neglected to think of the dragon’s advanced sense of smell.
It took several trips to move their luggage down to the edge of the beach, left in the shelter of several large rocks.
Harry remained, watching as they climbed into the cab, and Sherlock started the vehicle. John turned to wave at her as they pulled away from the kerb, her face a smudge of white against the dark door.
Once Sherlock had on clean clothes, his wet hair slicked back, no longer smelling of smoke, the events of the night receded taking on an almost dreamlike quality.  He and John sat at the table as John’s mum filled their cups.
“Of course I was moving them. What kind of Fleet Commander would leave his ships anchored in the path of enemy fire?”
Many of the boxes heaped about the hall yielded practical things like plates and cups (though plated with gold,) and enough clothes that the Little Hobbit was never cold. The hobbit found that the dragon liked to have the scales scratched under his chin and along his back, and he would climb over him to perform this service, getting to places the dragon couldn’t easily reach himself.
It was inevitable. A few days later, the next round of executions were announced on the news feeds, Bajorans rounded up in the cities, another televised horror. The mood around the camp was palpably sad. Even the babies seemed to be crying more fretfully.  Most work was abandoned as people gathered in vigil, and that evening, a communal ceremony was held around the fire pit that had been set up behind the barn. Sherlock appeared briefly for the main part of the ritual, but as soon as things devolved into singing and drinking around the fire, he quickly excused himself. He didn’t think people wanted to test their civility with his Cardassian features that evening.  John nodded sorrowfully, letting him go. Many of those at the farm were losing people they knew.
“You were lovely.” John’s mouth moved right against his ear, continuing a path to press kisses along his jawline. Sherlock closed his eyes, and shivered, feeling the pounding of the music, and the pressure of John’s lips on his skin washing over him. He felt much more woozy than one cider should have left him.
As they ate, more of the revelers groaned themselves awake and joined the line for breakfast or staggered off for the washroom. Sherlock choked down the rest of the roll as John methodically polished off his small stack. After draining his mug of tea, John stood up.
“No, I’m feeling peckish. This is fine.” Sherlock washed his hands before joining John at the table. “It looks delicious.”
John startled, turning to see that a strange man had slipped into the chair beside him. The low light in the tent had left him half in shadow and all John could truly make out was a very patrician profile.
“Yes, but it could also mean one of the wardrobes in the bedroom where we’ve hung things. It’s closer, let’s start there.”
There were other, more personal things John would have liked to discuss via their correspondence, but since mail sent by the school owls could conceivably be intercepted by a teacher, they sadly kept their notes at a very family-friendly rating.
“Get in, Sherlock. You wouldn’t make it ten meters before someone brought you down.” Mycroft wasn’t even looking at him.
“No, I want to.” Sherlock reached up to unfasten John’s belt, glorying in the feel of unzipping his jeans, and pushing his pants aside to feel his gorgeous hot cock spill out into his hand.
Sherlock rubbed his face over John, pressing his nose into the seat of his trousers, trying to get as close to John’s lovely smell as he could. John’s natural scent seemed to be increasing, thankfully overshadowing the lingering wisps of
“You weren’t here last night,” John said as if this explained anything. He sat up, rolling his shoulders, and head, trying to get a crick out of his neck.
“Yes, I accidentally borrowed them this morning,” John said, as Sherlock blurted “I lent them to John!” at the same moment.
“I realized I had some pressing matters to take care of last night.” Sherlock’s diction grew more grouse-hunt-and-port-with-the-gents as he continued. “Unfortunately I was unable to attend.”
The heat clicked on as Sherlock glanced over to find the woman staring open-mouthed at them, her hairpin lost somewhere in the car’s interior. Realizing the loss, she looked down and cursed.
“Well, I thought you were bloody GORGEOUS. Couldn’t believe my luck when you asked me over. Still can’t believe it some days.”
“That’s right, a few, but I’ve never felt about any of them the way I feel about you.” John let his thumb trace gently over the line of Sherlock’s knobby knuckles. “Look, I’m scared as well, Sweetheart. This is new for me, too.”
“John, Sherlock, thank you again, really.” Mrs. Watson said lifting a metal box from a drawer to the front desk. She opened it to count out a few notes that she handed to John. “Here you can take this from petty cash, and go buy a dozen donuts at the shop across the street. Nigel doesn’t need anything fancy for a meet over a two-story town house. Get yourselves a drink while you’re there.”
“Custard pie,” The waitress chirped brightly, returning with their food. She leaned over to brush her breast against John’s arm as she set the dessert in front of him. Absent-mindedly she dropped the slice of apple pie near Sherlock with a clatter. “And some extra napkins if you need them.”  She winked as she moved in further to deposit a folded napkin in John’s lap.
“No, I supposed I didn’t.” John shook his head, surveying the food they’d managed to spill across the floor. Despite the cleanup they had before them, he decided it had been worth it.
Despite Sherlock’s earlier churlishness about having to talk with so many people, he rose to speak to Olivia kindly, checking in about things, and reminding her that she wouldn’t have her terrible maths teacher forever.  When his Aunt Lily reached them, it was hugs all around.
“Hey, calm down.” John stroked her arm. “I know we’ve all been busy lately. I think I could find a little free time this weekend. Why don’t we all hit the pub Saturday? Blow off a little steam before exams?”
Larex looked as if he’d bitten into something sour, but he reached out and took a bag from the boy’s mother, slinging it distastefully across his back.  Somewhat awkwardly, the soldiers escorted the family through the several blocks until they reached a small enclave of ramshackle huts on the edge of a factory building.
“Oi, you’re not calling me short are you?” John got in beside him. “Just because not all of us have legs that go on for a kilometer or two . . .”
“Is it one of my favorite things?” John sneaked a quick feel of the front of Sherlock’s trousers under his coat.
Finally, the dinner was announced, and the group moved toward a dining area farther in. Irene took Sherlock’s arm as they followed in behind.
“I’m sorry you feel that way.” Somehow Sherlock managed to look haughty with a pair of googles mashing his curls down on each side of his head. “I thought you were also a man of science, and could see the importance . . .”
Finally John pushed away from the cabinet, and turned around. “I couldn’t do anything today when that fuckhead grabbed Lupaza. Nothing. I was
John laughed. He reached out to hook a finger through Sherlock’s belt loop, tugging him closer. “God, tell me there are pictures.”
was just using me on a lark. He left me when someone flashier came on the scene. I was an idiot about the whole thing.”
“Fantastic. And that’s the honey inside there?” John moved a bit closer to squint at the sheet of beeswax. He flinched as a few bees moved his direction, but they merely landed on the hand wrapped around his cane for a moment as if sniffing him out before flying away.
“While talking with you was not the main order of business on my visit to Hogwarts, I was reasonably assured I might have the chance to enjoy your company here as well.”
Try as he might, John kept bungling things horribly. He nearly knocked Fatima off her broom flying too close, and he let bludgers zoom right past him twice, almost hitting their chasers before Victoire managed to beat them back. When John accidentally blocked Joanne as she tried to make goal, Teddy called a timeout just to come over and scream at him.
Sherlock flushed happily, and scooped up John’s hand again to press a kiss to the back of it.  “John do you want to order pudding  . . . “ He let the question trail off.
John moved to knock at the heavy wooden door of the study as Sherlock skittered off in the other direction. The study wasn’t a room that either of them frequented, and the door often remained shut. Today, thought, it seemed closed with purpose.
“I think you just didn’t notice them.” John’s eyes went soft. “I can’t believe people didn’t notice you.”
“Fair enough.” Sherlock tipped his head back to take a sip, and John almost forgot to breath, watching the long column of his throat work.
John gave those globes a gentle squeeze and then abandoned his prize to run his hands up Sherlock’s back. Kneeling behind him he draped himself over Sherlock’s back and brought his arms around to hug him. He kissed up Sherlock’s spine through his shirt, then his shoulder blades and then the bare skin of his neck eliciting another shudder from the man beneath him.
“Yeah, come on, I didn’t have all those lessons for nothing.” John pushed back from his chair to stand.
“No. Nope. Not acceptable.” John scooped out the socks and dumped them on the bed ignoring Sherlock’s squawks. He did the same with the other drawers until they were empty again, and a veritable mountain of poncy socks, pants and shirts lay heaped over the duvet.
Sherlock made sure he had phone, wallet and memory stick securely in his pockets before scrambling out the window as well. John managed to scuttle back out of the way as Sherlock dropped down beside him. The landing was jarring, but he bore it, none the worse for wear.
John gestured for Sherlock to go first, so he led the way back to the furnished rooms upstairs. John paused in the hallway to strip off his sodden outerwear, hanging it on some pegs along the wall, while Sherlock moved past him into the room where he'd dropped his pack. Sherlock hunkered down to dig through his things on the floor, setting his torch beside for some light. He gave a triumphant cluck when his fingers finally closed over what he was looking for.
This is silly. This whole story is just silly. Many thanks to those following a WIP and leaving encouragement. I do appreciate it! :D
Sherlock was a little formal with him the next morning, and John didn’t know what to say to set things right. They had breakfast together as usual, and then Sherlock all but fled to his experiments. John poked at his story in progress a bit, and then gave it up for a loss that morning, shutting the cover on the laptop. He just couldn’t concentrate.
Sherlock disentangled himself from John and rolled to his feet. “Speaking of which, let me give him a call.
John turned to look at him properly, and caught his breath. Christ, he was lovely, all pale ropey limbs and a riot of dark curls clinging to his forehead or blowing about in the breeze. His clear blue eyes almost exactly matched the azure waters around them.  John must have looked right gobsmacked because Sherlock frowned slightly, tilting his head. His plump lips parted as he made to say something, and John couldn’t stand it, couldn’t bear another moment of not kissing Sherlock. He hauled him down and covered Sherlock’s dream of a mouth with his own, tasting the briny seawater on the tall boy’s lips. Sherlock kissed back warmly, bringing the sweep of a tongue into the equation, and John quite lost his head mapping each taste and feel and noise of the slippery man in his arms. A sudden tickling across his lower legs ripped a yelp from John as he broke away in surprise. He looked down to watch bright streamers of colour in the clear waters winding around his legs and passing on.
Sherlock shivered and bit his lip as John nipped at a particularly sensitive place along a neck ridge. He couldn’t help the needy sound of loss when John pulled back from their tiny universe of two to fumble at a nearby shelf. When he returned to slick up Sherlock’s cock with a palm full of massage oil, he forgave the brief absence.
“God, yes, yes.” John scrambled to find supplies in the bedside table, bringing out a handful of condoms, and a tube holding a viscous liquid. He dropped most of the condoms, scattering them over the floor, but managed to keep hold of one. His hands shook as he tried to open the foil packet until Sherlock took it gently from him, ripping off the corner with his teeth to spit the strip onto the floor.
John grunted in response. Sherlock kept a grounding hand to John’s thigh as he carefully pulled the toy out and slid it back in. He leaned in and licked a stripe over one of John’s nipples.
“God, Mike, some bloke named Sherlock. Honestly, he’s a nightmare. Already nattering on about wanting a single.”
“Sherlock, love.” John knelt behind him. “What the Cardassian Empire does is not your fault.” A warm hand curled over Sherlock’s shoulder. “We just put one foot in front of the other. We do what needs to be done. You’re invaluable to the Resistance, but more importantly, you’re invaluable to me. I love you.”
“We can just watch some telly,” John said, giving him a final squeeze before stepping back. “Oh, and we can also have some of this.” He moved to pick up the bottle of champagne they’d left on the desk.
I was quite pleased to discover that tincture of baneberry WAS a good anti-coagulant to the herbal soothers I’ve been working on.  Good luck on your charms exam. I know you’ll do above average.
Mycroft moved about, still shaking hands, and murmuring greetings to the other VIP’s before coming to join John on the comfy armchairs provided. When he finally took his seat, he nudged John, pressing a pair of omnioculars into his hands. “Here, you’ll be better able to view the grand proceedings with these, I think.”
“I’m amazed you survived this.” He moved in to trace his fingers over the red lines. “Does it still hurt?”
After that a sort of agreement seemed to have sprung up between the dragon and the hobbit. The Little Hobbit didn’t try to escape, and in exchange, the dragon brought him anything he desired to keep him well. Each morning, he presented the hobbit with new food that he had foraged, and each evening, he brought him to writhing orgasm in new and varied ways. One night he used the flat of his tongue to spank the hobbit quite soundly before wrapping his tongue around his cock to bring him off. The hobbit sobbed his thanks.
Sherlock took John’s hand as they left the restaurant, stepping out into the soft, summer evening. They passed another couple arriving at Angelo’s, a woman in a short red dress, and a tall, gangly bloke with an arm at her back. For just a moment, it occurred to John that he didn’t need to feel jealous of seeing everyone walking about in pairs anymore. HE was part of a couple now. He looked up at Sherlock and grinned. Sherlock looked down with a small, crooked smile of his own, and they floated back to the car high on wine, and good food, and the feeling of their hands clasped together.
“Alright.” Sherlock paused a moment. “Genius, consulting detective, high functioning sociopath . . . “
Sherlock blinked awake to daylight seeping in around the curtains in the window, and the ex-army doctor sleeping peacefully beside him, sprawled out on his back, his face looking years younger relaxed in sleep. Sherlock crept quietly from the bed to find his phone in the sitting room. He thumbed it to life, grateful to find it still had enough of a charge left to make a call.
Sherlock suppressed yet another eye roll, and went through his song and dance about the “new farming project” in the neighboring district. He breathed a sigh of relief when the beam clicked on, securing the thing behind their truck.
Back inside, John said, “The gingerbread dough should be thawed by now. Want to help me make gingerbread men?”
“I missed you too.” John allowed himself to be manhandled into place, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck.
John grinned and made short work of his curry and rice before starting on his mango pudding. It felt like the sun had broken through the clouds though it remained overcast through the windows. He cheerfully listened to the things Molly thought she’d gotten wrong on the orgo exam before they had to part ways for their afternoon things.
A movement rippled through John, a shrug. “It’s a contact point for the Resistance. People come and go here easily enough.”
“They do. The dozas were to die for too. Of course John’s mother always made the best I ever had. She was our cook.”
John felt his face heat. He looked quickly to see how Sherlock would take the comment, but the man has used the bustle to slip away from the room unseen.
“Oh. My. God.” John was trembling against him, barely holding himself upright. “Fuck,” he breathed out, dropping his head down between his braced arms.
John stopped when they hit open field, shutting the car off and dousing the headlights. Before them the night sky came into focus, a splash of diamond pinpricks scattered over a sheet of velvet. Far in the background, the sounds of the ocean murmured, a muted susurrus of waves crashing endlessly against the shore.
“You were watching my videos?” John looked pale. “Spying on me? Sherlock, I thought we were friends.”
“Rubbish. You need an social outing that doesn’t include footballers. I won’t take no for an answer. It’s only a hour or so at the Student Center lounge next Friday.”
‘You’ve clearly done something. You only attempt cryptics when you’re in a good enough mood to handle the humiliation, and you’ve got your lounge socks on which say you’re determined not to leave the flat again. We didn’t have milk in the flat, but you’ve had some in your tea, meaning you’ve already done the shopping, but on a normal day, your necessary post-work sit-down would put you at the shops now. You were clearly feeling positive enough to forgo this tradition in favour of settling in for a longer term relaxation, something you only do when you’re feeling particularly amiable. So. I repeat, what news?’
‘I know that, finally. And now I know what it means. I’m sorry I didn’t know it before, but I do now, and I swear I won’t let you down again. I’m with you,’ I leaned forward to brush my lips across hers. ‘I’m not saying we won’t both drive each other round the twist sometimes, but I’ve tried that whole “leaving you” bollocks enough, and it was utter rubbish, so I’m more than content never to try that again, if it’s all the same to you.’
She looked up at me, and froze, mouth in a little ‘o’ that then snapped shut, her eyes narrowing. ‘Honestly, you’re nearly as bad as Mycroft sometimes.’
I tried to incorporate some elements of Joan's ongoing interaction with her own sexuality, I think she's surprising herself as she goes along.  But not in the 'Upon the touch of Sherlock's lips, John discovered that he was ragingly gay, after having utterly no clue previously. He also discovered that he had fab deep-throating skills on the first go' way.
I turned her on her side and rolled her against me and reached round her hip and slid my fingers through the auburn curls at the crux of her legs.
She gently disentangled her hand from mine and spread me open with the same kind of delicacy she normally reserved for the most sensitive of documents.
Sherlock whimpered. ‘I’ve… been led to understand that it’s a normal ... physiological reaction to stimuli.’
had kept him coming here. There were stories they shared, he and Sherlock, and then others, ones from before he had been there, ones from when he hadn’t been around. Hours and hours of storytelling of laughter and honeyed tea (mainly Sherlock’s – John didn’t abide by sweet tea, but he’d have the honey on occasion to humour his friend). So many stories, so many words, so many times he’d watched the light of the day move round his friend’s face, afternoon softening into evening, the different hours of the day flickering across the smile lines, and surprise lines and ‘oh!’ deduction lines now etched on his companion’s face. Wherever they were, in the folding chairs out in the garden, or on the sofa when the weather wasn’t fair, you started to feel like the universe was moving around him, and that made John laugh – that’s how Sherlock had always thought it worked, wasn’t it, sun going round the earth. So maybe the universe had really fallen into place now.
I think about marriage. It seems like the right thing, a show that I’m heading in the right direction, heading away from the detour that was eighteen months of you, and before that, years of military.   Heading back to whatever kinds of dreams I could still have in whatever remains of the world I used to know.
Problem was, it did feel uncomfortable. Even the thought of saying it felt a bit wrong. It brought about a sort of horrible twisting in the pit of my stomach,
I worked my hands underneath her, gripping her body, and lost myself in her until her fingers dug into my arms, and her legs locked around me in a convulsing embrace, and I thought perhaps I might drown in her, but I would have been perfectly happy.
‘No, don’t even start! You! Have had a fucking hard-on, stiffy, erection, whatever, dammit, every time I’m near you, if you even try to- You have got one now, I can fucking see it, so unless there’s some other reason, or someone else in this house-’
her sent a new wave of tingling awareness across my skin. It was as if I could feel her eyes as they moved across me. She reached up and traced a delicate finger round and about the discoloured crater in my shoulder, her fingerprint ghosting over the indentation, hovering as if it might fit there, might complete it again. Every now and again I could feel a warm stream of her breath on my cleavage, and it made me feel very exposed, and not as cold as I ought to have felt wearing just trousers and a bra. It also made me feel like her lips might be nice there, and I was still reminding myself that it was alright for me to think that when her fingers progressed away from the scar and down my chest, her knuckles tracing a feather-light v around the edge of my bra, brushing the soft skin between my breasts. She did it again with the pads of her fingers, just pressing in the smallest amount, that I wanted to squirm into. It was an unfamiliar sensation, most blokes had a sense of what to do which was much more ...manual and grabby. This was like… she was actually paying attention to me. And my skin. Which was nice. But it also would have been nice if she’d got on with some proper gropage in the near future before my dodgy shoulder gave out from being propped up over her.
‘I assure you, I have no idea to what you are referring.’ The the smallest, coldest voice in the world emanated from the direction of Sherlock's chair. John fought the urge to scream.
‘I’m finding your stubby GP fingers more than adequate. But yes. Anything.’ She squirmed around and captured my mouth in a kiss whose haphazardness suggested how far gone she was. I worked my way down her body, making sure to pay at least cursory homage to her ribcage (more biscuits advised), navel (shivery, delightful), outcrop of hipbone (more shivering), and the nearly invisible filaments of hair tracing down her stomach (nearly invisible, lucky sod).
A few days later, I closed my online dating profile. I couldn’t face it. I didn’t want to. Maybe it was the situation with Martin, on top of everything else, but I couldn’t picture myself with anybody else. I couldn’t picture myself with anybody, not there anyway. Flicking through the profiles of the various eligibles had just made me cringe inwardly. Picturing myself with any of them made me feel a bit ill. Disgusted. What right did they have to my life? Who the hell could possibly fit into it? I wasn’t even sure I wanted to share my life with someone else. I dreaded the very process of getting to know someone new, the years it took before knowing someone well. I felt too bloody old to be starting fresh, and I couldn’t face it. It was worse now that we’d achieved some local celebrity, what with the blog and everything. I couldn’t help but remember Ella’s early note of me having ‘trust issues’. Nothing like having a mad assassin spouse to make you particularly jumpy about meeting strangers. That, and a constant insight into the criminal underbelly (and overbelly) of the world. I found myself almost wishing I
This is not to say that Sherlock isn’t timely, Sherlock’s plenty timely. Except when she isn’t, and then I find myself standing on some steps at some drinks event, and somewhere there are always some giant overbearing columns, and all I’m thinking is why, for once, can’t any of our clients, or prospective clients, or prospective clients’ prospective murderer’s second cousin ever drop round for drinks in a nice pub. Because that’s what I could go for. A nice pub, and a nice quiet pint, maybe a fireplace, and some chips, that’ll do me. We have those sometimes, after a case, and that’s perfect, honestly I have lost all ambition to see anything more of London’s finer drinking establishments.
‘Because I can’t be arsed. Because I can’t imagine explaining what we do to anyone else. Because I don’t want to have to split myself in pieces again. Because I’m happy with this here. At the moment.’
‘If you.. if you… if you don’t know what to do, Joan, you could’ breathed Sherlock, ‘You could do it, like you do to yourself. Do it to me. I want to know. I want to know what you do.’
‘Oh. God. Sorry,’ I gasped, ‘that was… that was… didn’t mean to… to come. There…’ I could feel her pleased smile, and a puff of warm breath skated across my skin, eliciting a pleasurable aftershock, I squirmed.
‘John I have saved you countless times. And vice versa. More than you know,’ he paused, glancing up before adding, with a pointed look, ‘and she is
One day later, somewhere in Serbia, a tortured shell of a man is rescued from captivity by the British Government. He doesn’t even make it out of the country before he deduces in his brother’s face the one thing said brother knew he couldn’t afford to know. The man's second fall, from the airlift, is one you don’t come back from, and the sky above him is a cracked sort of dark blue. In his last moments, he allows himself to imagine it means something.
It really warmed the cockles, to think that somewhere amidst the bunting and baking-tent of tv land, five amateur bakers tipped their mason jars, hoping to create a jam worthy of Mary Berry’s Victoria sponge, while here in the domestic haven of 221B, Sherlock perched at our worktop, scrutinising her own mason jars, which contained samples of hair that appeared to be melting, at different rates, into unappealing jelly-like tentacles. Who was that fool that said you couldn't have it all?
Still, I keep at this ‘trying’ business. I get myself a girlfriend. She’s a nurse. She’s colourful. Not luminous like you, but she’s got something… something that reminds me of you. Just a little. An edge. But I can’t put my finger on it, which is the only reason I can attempt, a little, with her. Mary, that’s her name. Most of the time she’s nothing like you at all.
John thought he ought to say something, finished the thought he’d had before, before it slipped away. What was it? Ah yes, there it was, ‘I guess I was just thinking, what would’ve it been like if I’d stayed here with you all along?’
‘You know those are fairly normal symptoms right?’ I said. I mean, she had to know. How could she not know?
My gaze is drawn again to your bag – I’m growing less sure of its contents – and the second time, you catch me at it. We both look guiltily away.
‘Yes, if the writing on your blog is anything to go by, I can only imagine the carnage,’ she said contentedly, burying her face deeper into my skin.
‘Can I- can I- will you let me- What do you want? Do you want me to? Anything you want – I mean, I have no idea what I’m doing, but…’
‘Well come on, get it,’ I said offering my hand again, ‘I mean, if you want to. Obviously you can still… you know… kick me out.’
Incidentally, when I mentioned the 'last chapter which isn't finished', it's the next one.  Basically this is the sex scene that never ends.  Unless I opt for fanfic over work (which could happen), it'll probably take more than a day to appear.
Sherlock turned his head against the brick to look at him, and John felt his veins pulsing with all the warmth and whatever other madness that had always drawn them together. After a moment, he could see the protective layer of scorn slip from his friend’s expression.
‘Yes! Ok, alright! Jesus.’ You glare at me, as though, at this moment, my head isn’t already filling with six other alternate explanations of the bag, which could lead me to be agonisingly wrong. Sentiment. Always with you.
‘Hush. Yeah, that’s exactly my point. Martin had the same damn choice. His reputation or a life. Protecting the people he cared about, or protecting his ego. And he chose the latter.’
Sure enough, after about half a minute, Sherlock wandered in to occupy the remaining space on the couch. She was carrying the pretence of an article with her, but I knew there was a 70:30 chance it would soon be left by the wayside in favour of commenting on the programme. Of course I looked forward to it at this point – Sherlock was to my telly-watching like Marmite was to my toast – unpalatable to some, but pretty much the most flavourful part, from my perspective.
‘No, I can’t stop it Joan, this is how I talk. Or how I will be talking for the rest of the evening, so you better get used to it,’ she added in her normal voice, before dropping back into the growly whatever it was, ‘Why, does it bother you?’ she slid over so her shoulder was pressing against mine, ‘do you think it’s… effective.’ Now it was bloody dripping, for fuck’s sake. Dripping in my ear like vocal toffee.
Sherlock disappeared, clearly a bit miffed she hadn’t sorted it. I hadn’t realised she’d come back into the room until I heard her speak. As it turns out, I had dozed off. She was back in her chair, across from me.
Not that I'd been able to put ‘interests: chasing maniacs around crime scenes’. Thought that might attract the wrong crowd.
. Whether it would seal the matter or condemn it, he was unsure, but he felt certain it had to happen, and now. Before he could coax his lips to do anything more than grope at the words, Sherlock had perhaps seen them, or read his intent, or, what the hell, his face was already between Sherlock’s sizeable hands, and they were breathing in each other’s air, so it didn’t take a genius to deduce where they were headed next - oh.
No, it was better this way, best this way, really. They had had the very best of times together as friends, and John was full and golden with it.
‘Oh come on, it’s a disguise. I’m getting a bit recognisable thanks to your little blog, but I find the gender switch always really throws the unobservant. It worked on
‘Just the chocolate biscuits, none of those horrible raspberry cakey things you bought just because they were on offer.’
‘Pardon?’ I had been perusing the news, and Sherlock had been doing something that was probably thinking, but currently involved Herself hanging partially off the sofa. I wasn’t sure how her dressing gown managed to stay on in that position, but then maybe she was mentally rearranging gravity, I wouldn’t have been all that surprised.
I inhale the concentrated smoky aroma of the steam, and a small laugh shakes my chest, ‘Wicked of you’.
‘C’mere you big dafty,’ I shoved over and put my arm round her shoulders, pulling her towards me. Seeing as how she’d still got her knees all bundled up to her chest, she tipped over a bit like one of those squat Russian nesting dolls, but didn’t protest. She sort of nestled her head into the crook of my shoulder, and then over the next five minutes, continued to insinuate herself into every amount of personal space I had until she was more or less curled up around me, in the manner of a very enthusiastic ivy plant. She’d got one arm round my stomach and the other behind me and her thumb was absentmindedly petting the fat on my hip. Ok. Belly. Hip. Combination. Which wasn’t exactly the part of my body I was particularly thrilled about having attention drawn to, but she seemed content so I didn’t say anything.
I heard myself make a strange strangled noise that emerged from somewhere between my urge to scream and to laugh, but something in Sherlock’s look prevented me from turning the noise into either.
Sherlock shook her head, eyes dashing over me. Nothing she hadn’t seen before, but still. The thought that I was half naked in front of her, half naked
‘God, I’m just so fucking scared.’ You whisper, and I feel as though my hyoid will snap with the aching in my throat.
Sherlock finds out about Joan's online dating profile.  References are made to eels, among other things. Nobody is pleased.  Sherlock makes a proposal.
‘Oho, I am well aware of that love, don’t let me hold you back. All I ask is that you keep the bedside violin playing to a minimum.’
Five hours and twenty-three minutes later, a banking intern thanks his lucky stars that his cabbie had already pulled over to let him out when the aneurism hit, pound coins dropping heavy from his chapped fingers before they can be counted.
I figured one of us had to take the plunge, so I pulled back the duvet (thank god, nothing there but the sheet) and climbed in.
Sometimes it felt like he’d never left. All that time in between the stories – the ones he’d written, the ones they shared – that time started to blend together after all the years, like it wasn’t important. He thought of Sherlock’s method of deleting all the bits that didn’t pertain to cases, all the unimportant, uninteresting bits.
Sherlock continued scanning the crowd after the waiter moved on, drumming his fingers on the table as he waited. He scowled at a Bajoran youth bedecked in gold cuffs and pink bits of fluff who looked about to join him. The boy squeaked before scampering off.
John sighed, reaching up to hang onto Sherlock’s arms locked over his chest. “God, that was amazing . . . I didn’t know it could feel like that,” he said quietly.
John would be back at school by Sherlock’s birthday proper, so they’d made one day serve as a stand-in birthday before he left. John had sneaked out early to buy tea and pastries at Bertha’s and woken Sherlock with breakfast in bed. They’d spent the whole day doing whatever took Sherlock’s fancy, having ice creams for lunch, and spending the afternoon in the Museum of Magic before washing up at an American-style restaurant that sold hamburgers and chips in gravy for dinner. John had given him some small gifts, silly things he’d picked up in shops over the week, some scented soaps, a wooden frog with a bobble head, a bag of toffees that let you whistle like a bird after you’d eaten them. Tomorrow morning, John had to catch a portkey back to London, and the two of them felt completely unprepared.
“As you know, I am a scientist. I abhor all sentiment. It is the grit in the instrument, the crack in the high power lens. Relationships are not my area. I am simply incapable of producing the emotions necessary for such an endeavor, and it would detract from the seriousness of my work.”
“Only a few years,” Sherlock admitted, navigating elegantly around the kitchen, each movement fluid, almost choreographed like a dancer. “I lived in London after uni for several years.”
John opened his arms, and Sherlock took the few steps to fall into them. The door swished closed behind him leaving them in the blessed dark.
He might have supposed that Sherlock had moved out and left him the room alone if he hadn’t seen his things still about the room, and his poncy coat left handing over a partially open wardrobe door. John kept his eyes out for Sherlock during the day around campus. He was gratified when he did spy Sherlock in the back of his chemistry class, but the git came late and left early, and John wasn’t able to reach him before he’d swept back out the door. John called Residential Services about the folding bed in case Sherlock had decided to kip with a friend until they had the bed situation resolved, but he kept being shuffled to voice mail, and after leaving two different messages, he gave up.
Harry’s eyebrows rose upward at that, but Sherlock missed it, intent on moving forward to inspect the ceramic sculpture of a torso on the shelf.
Mr. Holmes waved good-bye when the doors opened on his floor. “I’ll see you soon, then.” With a wink, he was off down the hall.
Sherlock almost replayed the video, but a repeat would have taken away the magic that Johnny was talking to him alone, really welcoming him home at the end of a day. A further scan of the
“Oh, there you are. Where the hell where you last night? You missed all the fun! The police showed up to arrest one of Clara’s uni friends. Total cock-up.” Harry pushed her way past John into the room.
Sherlock thanked her again, removing his shoes and outer jacket to slide under the covers after she had left. The lighting in the room automatically dimmed at the lack of movement in the room, retreating to a soft glow from the small lights around the base of the walls. Sherlock tossed and turned, trying to find a comfortable position on the thin mattress, feeling as if the bed were both too big and too small at once. He realized he missed the warmth of another body sleeping next to him with a bone deep, visceral ache.
“Yes. If I allowed myself to remember everything, my Mind Palace would become horribly cluttered. So, I periodically tidy up and put the rubbish in the bin. And then, every so often, I haul the bin out to the skip, and it’s gone for good.”
Sherlock pulled out the phone, and after a modicum of trial and error managed to switch it on. Sherlock was disgusted to see Mycroft’s smug face filling the screen as it flickered to life. John crowded round to watch.
The man, John Watson, looked away, and then back again. His eyes were a fascinating color. Not brown as Sherlock had first assumed, but a very dark indigo, something like the sky at twilight.
The man lifted a jar of his spring clover honey to the sun, admiring the way the amber liquid caught the light, then tipped it to the side to check the bottom. Oh, he was looking for a price tag.
“No, you’re right. He’s not worth thinking about for another instant. Here I am with you in this big bed.” John turned his hand over to lace his fingers with Sherlock’s. “Why are we talking about whatshisname?”
“Closer than LA.” The beautiful dark man shrugged a shoulder. “I decided to drop in for a visit. Thought you’d be pleased to see me.”
“I certainly thought so,” Mrs. Holmes said. “I wasn’t sure about all that pink at first, but then later I decided . . .”
“Oh God. It’s okay.” Harry pushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “You took enough shit from Dad as it was. It probably would have killed him sooner to have a queer son.”
“Sherlock? No, he’s great . . .” He heard John come to his defense before he moved down the hall. Sherlock sighed as he stacked the box with its compatriots in the cupboard thinking how quickly the whole lot could have been shooed into place with a single wave of his wand.
Sherlock almost couldn’t believe it was him. He was dressed in a bland dark uniform, and his lovely golden hair had been transformed into a muddy brown from a bottle of dye to match. A large pair of heavy spectacles covered most of his face, but it was John, here, actually here in the flesh. When he turned, Sherlock saw that he still wore his usual earring with the Watson clan markings clearly visible above the swinging chains. Thankfully most Cardassians wouldn’t know the difference Sherlock thought ruefully.
“All right. Stay for breakfast at least, and I’ll have someone drive you back. I’m sorry, you’ll have to be blindfolded again for the journey.”  John frowned. “It’s for the best.”
“You jumped me in the bathroom, and I fucked you over the edge of the tub, knotted you right there on the bath mat, didn’t I? God, you felt so good.”
. Sherlock watched John moving up the drive, running as usual. Rather than slowing down to wave up the schoolroom though, he kept his head down, charging through to the back. Curious.
The rest of the holiday passed in a pleasantly indolent haze.  Many hours were spent lounging on the beach or paddling in the sea, and Sherlock’s cheeks and nose remained pink no matter how much sunscreen they slathered on.  One afternoon had them poking about some nearby Wizard shops where John got Sherlock a seashell that played a lively Greek tune, and Sherlock bought John a mug painted around with ribbon fish that kept tea warm for hours.  They found a small café that served mocha frappes to die for, and went back three times.  John melted every time he listened to Sherlock rattling off fluent Greek to the locals. A permanently goofy grin seemed to have settled across his face. Sherlock would smile sweetly back every time he caught John watching him, little crinkles bracketing his gorgeous almond-shaped eyes. John decided he was going to write poetry about those little crinkles as soon as he had pen and paper in hand. The thought of being back at school though was too horrible to contemplate, and John quickly stuffed it away to return to coffee-flavoured kisses, and long flowing days of sea, and sand, and sex as languid as the rhythmic sounds of surf pounding outside their bedroom window.
“I work with many of the magical creatures of the water. We do research as well as education, and outreach. You’d be surprised how many Magical people who go boating don’t respect the boundaries we have with the Merpeople..”
“You won’t get ANY food this good in London,”  John said forking up another bite with completely different flavours.
“I’m sorry sir, visiting hours are over.” She switched neatly to Cardassian. “You’ll need to leave, please.” Her wrinkled face creased into a perfunctory smile.
John quickly discovered that there were definite advantages to doing this with another man, rather than with a woman. For one thing, there was no question of ‘missing the mark.’ The mark in question was unmissable. For another, the angle, which he had found so difficult with that long-ago girlfriend, could be easily adjusted with his hand on Sherlock’s cock. Okay, then — all systems go.
Sherlock glanced at the bodies of two unmoving Cardassian guards, bound and left in the weeds by the side of the road. He wondered briefly which one had been the owner of the nasty voice that had woven through his agonies. Sherlock had trouble dredging up any sympathy if the men were dead, but still the repercussions of killing officers . . .
“What did you wish for, Johnny?” Harry teased him. “More of this one?” She nodded toward Sherlock once John released him with a light squeeze to the back of his neck.
The days stretched on horrid and bleak even with the refuge of his music. Sherlock didn’t think he’d been this long apart from John since that trip to Cardassia Prime to visit his grandparents when he was nine. He kept wondering what John was doing with his holiday break from school. Was he sneaking into vids with those awful boys, JoJo and Kirby? Was he visiting the dabo tables at the midtown casino and losing far too much money without Sherlock there to restrain him? Besides a few short emails exchanged with an account that he’d had John set up at the library, Sherlock hadn’t heard from him. Though he simply itched to have more news, Sherlock dared not be seen in the kitchens questioning Mrs. Watson as he honed his “perfect son” act.
Sherlock straightened out of his slump, no longer supported by the wall, and began to walk, suddenly leading them. John walked behind him and watched how the man came aboard the ship as if he had been on it for ages. He stopped at the railing, hands tight on the wood.
"Captain Watson!" Sarah Donovan said loudly to him. She was a member of the guard on the S.S. Reichenbach and he had had little issue with her in all the time she had worked there- in fact, he had no reason to see much of her at all. "I cannot work with this man. He should not be allowed as part of any society, and he should not be allowed around me. He is only fit to be a-" She sucked in a breath, eyes flaring in anger and mind grabbing for words. "a freak!"
"Are you just planning on standing there then?" Sherlock said, looking down at him. "I assume you've come to ask me of my intentions or to berate me for whatever small chaos you believe I've caused." He stared at him when he didn't respond. "Well?" Another thought crossed his mind. "Have you messaged my brother?"
The sky was clear and it seemed as if it would remain so. He had checked it as soon as getting back on deck, and then had done so several more times mainly just out of habit. He had little to do, something that occasionally felt like a blessing, but more than he liked to admit, bored and annoyed him out of his mind. It was only sane for him to be glad to have such a calm job, especially after the injuries he had witnessed in the army. He hated to admit that while he did often think about the contrast of his life now and then, these thoughts were not always followed with the obligatory relief of changing things and getting out of the danger. He checked the sky's conditions once more.
"Do you?" He stated doubtfully. It was true that The Woman was infamous for knowing far too much, but this information was classified and he hardly believed that she could have gotten it so easily. More so, he did not believe that she would keep a thing that was so popular, completely to herself.
As he stepped onto the main deck, he was proven correct. Informed or not, The SS Reichenbach's passengers would be absolutely filled with excitement. He remembered, as he often did, his days on a ship much like the one he was on, but much more inforced and much stronger, and filled with soldiers. He had seen so much blood and death and destruction that he would never forget, and the excitement of these passengers was reminding him of those who would never feel it again. He liked to think that he was a veteran, no longer a soldier for England, walking firmly away from chaos in disdain and exhaustion, but in truth he knew he was still a pawn. He was sailing their ship to be their spies, and transporting those trained just for it- and the biggest problem of all, was that he almost didn't have a problem with it. He shuddered slightly and looked at those around him, the families, mostly, of the crew, not any soldiers- at least no soldiers that would be seeing warfare on this ship.
His mind moved too slowly and it was long seconds later before John could reply the oversimplified answer of, "Yes."
"I am Sherlock Holmes," He replied with a tone that John thought he enjoyed a little too much. "The man with the ability to have you incarcerated."
"Oh, hello, Mr. Holmes," He found himself saying. He approached the other man a little hesitantly, using his cane as little as possible. "Started investigating now, have you?"
Sherlock Holmes grinned, something that John wasn't quite sure if he had ever witnessed before. "I saw you drink it."
He tried to hide his surprise and significant annoyance, but he knew it shined through enough for her to be absolutely amused by it.
John spent his time that night as he spent most of his time- pacing the ship, making sure everything was running smoothly and there was no harm done to any of the crew or passengers. When his watch had alerted him to the fact that three hours had passed since midnight, he had taken over for the captain, letting him gain as much sleep as he could for the night. Usually the nights were peaceful, excluding mainly just natural anomalies, such as storms. He had no problem with focus on most nights, concentration coming easy in the dark, steady night. This one, however, was not bringing out the best in him, and he felt less like a captain than ever. The star filled sky could not hold his attention, and the wheel felt like nothing under his hands.
"Oh!" She left to retrieve this item without another word. John knew very little about Mrs. Hooper, including, until this point, even her appearance. He was aware that she was a guard on the ship, and that she had medical practice, but this was about it. He found it odd that out of all of the guards on the ship that Sherlock Holmes would pick her to accompany him, as well as Anderson. He pondered the idea of them being thrown together and was highly curious to know if that was indeed what had happened. He supposed that he would just have to wonder about it to himself or let it go.
John moved aside for the captain to take him place at the helm yet again and retired back to the main deck, searching for unrest and breakage. A face caught his eye and he slowed subconsciously, hand tightening its grip on his cane.
The day went slow, but not too much slower than the ones before it had. The crew was working smoothly and passengers were not up in arms enough to become a true problem. The winds had sped up more but other than the flapping of his coat, John hardly noticed it. The clouds and darkened, however, and he did notice this development. His feet and cane brought him to the captain again, knowing the other man was known for becoming part of the worn wood surrounding him if allowed to, and losing his individual focus. He was a good captain, John admired him for this, but he had a tendency to look past the danger and forget that the chaotic beauty he often revelled in was also something to fight against or at least prepare for.
"What?" He was taken aback. Had Sherlock Holmes just offered to get him tea? He stared at the man. Perhaps he was demanding tea for himself and expected John to jump and get it. The thought frustrated him and he opened his mouth to announce it.
The captain did not bring any new ideas to him and seemed just as baffled as he had been by the response. He had decided, though, to ignore all meanings they might have overlooked or misunderstood, and simply bring Mr. Hudson as planned and hope for the best. This plan was not the most thought out or the safest, but would be, at least, well executed.
"My God, you haven't heard?" Captain Brookes retorted. "Dear man, what have you been doing?" He shook his head, this news apparently too much for him. "Mr. Holmes has found threats to the workers. Mainly, it would seem, from other workers on the Reichenbach. He's stopped them at once, and the guards are all alerted and posted for any violence that may come from it. The majority of them could most likely handle themselves, but there still seems to be some relief in the air now, doesn't it?"
Of all the things he could have made them aware of, he had indeed made them aware of his violin playing. John was starting to wish their conversation had been a little longer.
"Captain?" He questioned the figure before him. "It's not your shift for-" He checked his pocket watch. "an hour and a half at least. You need to sleep."
As he passed the passengers many of them would gossip hurriedly or greet him with the obvious hope of getting extra information. The exception seemed to be The Woman. She flashed him a smile he couldn't quite call sultry, as he had seen her at her best. She was leaning against the wall with an air of simple seduction, bodice showing just enough to be improper. He was still not entirely sure how she had ever gotten onto the ship, but it was well-known that she had the money to pay (which she did without any word of it) and that taking her off the ship, or threatening to, would surely cause nothing short of a riot. The men, and even the woman, all loved her, a strange phenomenon that even touched the captain. John felt an empty neutralness for her, annoyed occasionally by her crass, but generally finding not but a thing wrong with her enough to lose her any kind of privilege that they could take away.
There, once more, was that edge of a smile, and it shocked John no less than it had moment ago when he had seen it first.
"Well, Watson, of course that's the most impressive," He replied. "A man like Mr. Hudson and those sorts of substances, it does seem more major. These cases he's solved, though, the smaller ones, they may not be nearly as impressive, but I do respect a job well done. He's brought productivity of the workers up merely by being present and able to tell when someone slips out to Mrs. Adler. He has a hawk's gaze, that man."
"Good morning, Dr. Watson," She greeted him, eyes twinkling in a way he could imagine might get her what she wanted with some, but would not with him- a fact they both knew.
"Know what, Watson?" He asked, face nearly unreadable. "That you needed tea or that you drink Pekoe?"
He reached a hand out in greeting and one of the men stepped up towards him. He was taller than John and had silver hair and a formal outfit which coupled with his posture to create a picture of a man who had gone through training. He could guess that he was an official of some sort, but couldn't be sure exactly what. The man took his outstretched hand into a very firm handshake and smiled casually.
There had been whispers of the things Mr. Hudson did for as long as he had been there. Their biggest source of gossip, Langdale Pike, had let them all become aware of the things Mr. Hudson did in secret. These things involved drug use, illegally selling drugs aboard the ship, sexual deviancy, and aggression towards many women- usually his wife. John had never been fond of him at all, but he was influential enough that he couldn't do a thing about any of it. The captain did, however, ask him not to sell to the crew, as it could be dangerous. John wasn't sure if he even adhered to this rule.
"Ah, hello, Co-captain Watson," Gregory Lestrade greeted him with a grin. "I trust the ship is going well."
He cocked his head in the direction of the words to see Sherlock coming onto the main deck, two guards behind him.
They would be docking that day, though they had only a handful of days before. This time, however, they were not getting supplies or even newly trained officials and their personal cargo, or dropping off old supplies and old passengers, but picking up a singular, very significant man. This was sure to cause a stir among the passengers so they had not spoken to any of them about the reason for this stop, but the docking itself was sure to cause it anyway, as it always did.
"Captain of the guard?" John questioned him incredulously. They had not had a captain of the guard since the very first trips on the The Reichenbach. Their guards from then on had mainly governed themselves, and had been doing a fine job of it. More curious, was the fact that this man was not the one he had been told to retrieve, and that they had only spoken to them about a single new passenger.
"Should we turn around?" John asked, not liking the idea, but willing to accept the captain's decision if it was justified.
"I play violin," He replied, an answer that did nothing less to confuse John. "I'm sure Mycroft made you aware of this."
"No," Sherlock replied. "I haven't begun at all yet- but I plan to. Mycroft would never stop messaging me if I didn't."
Everyone had been so interested in him before he came, John had been fully fearful that his actual arrival would throw them into some kind of frenzy. They had, in fact, been even more curious when he came aboard, and their questions hit him in floods and waves, but he did not drown in them, and they did not relish it as much as he had thought they would. They were whispering now, he knew, among themselves again, but their words lacked the intensity that they had had hours before. They knew who he was, and to them, he supposed, that made him a mystery solved. John, however, thought that perhaps the mystery was just beginning.
He opened the door with no hesitation and was not prepared. In front of him stood Miss Hilda Hope, in a vulnerable state. She stood, half slumped against the wall, legs wide, half naked. Her face was twisted with the agony of physical and emotional pain, a mask that John had never witnessed before and hoped never to again. Below her was her older sister, Sybil, crouched there with a serious yet worried look. The lamplight from the hall behind the door flashed against the thin metal branching between the hands of Sybil and the underneath of her sister. Hilda's eyes opened and widened with terror as soon as they noticed and recognized him.
"I've seen how the workers all look at him, as well," The captain continued. "There is a belief that he's some type of mad, but there's respect in their faces as well. I suppose that's from threats."
It was quiet on the main deck, too early for anyone to be up quite yet, and he couldn't imagine what kind of a ruckus could possibly be occurring. As he descended into the lower parts of his ship, the strain to his imagination instantly evaporated.
Feeling distant and strangely perplexed, he led the man down below deck and to his quarters, though he wasn't sure he could call it leading as Sherlock was, once again, in front of him. As they reached the door that hid the small space Sherlock would stay in, John slowed. Sherlock reached the door and opened it with no hesitation, instantly going in.
"You didn't have any real destination," Sherlock repeated. "but I believe if you go into the fifth door on the left in the lower deck, you'll find something quite illegal."
"Every four hours you have a spills on your shirt or pants, and usually an expression much less confrontational than the one you're currently wearing." He looked away to inspect the object Mrs. Hooper had been patiently holding next to him. "Your clothing has all been unmistakably cleaner and drier than usual." John felt himself flush at these words.
"P- please, Mr. Watson," She choked out. Sybil yerked her head up, along with her hand, eliciting a groan from Hilda. "Please."
With a scraping noise of wood pushing harshly against gravel, the figure grew to its full height and left the shadows. John felt his eyes widen considerably and uncontrollably. He was a tall man, much taller than himself, dressed in a long black coat, with black curls of hair on the top of his head. It may have looked striking if the hair had not been matted and wild and the long black coat draped over his altitudinous figure, twisted and smeared with dirt. His eyes were bloodshot and his skin pale as if his veins were carrying nothing at all. The blue scarf around his neck was drooping off of him and had a dark stain on it that he didn't wish to think about. He looked clearly annoyed as if this all bored him, but John thought it was unrealistic to think he could focus enough to even be bored. His reddened but still somehow sharp eyes locked on John and moved down his form quickly.
Sherlock looked as if he wanted to roll his eyes, and honestly John was surprised that he did not. Instead, he shook his head looking both annoyed and amused.
If anything, this only made John's stare more intense. What in the world was this man talking about? He cared less about how he knew his tea habits, but why he'd find it interesting to bring up.
"What..." He wanted to be eloquent and powerful, but instead he could only say, "What in the world is going on?"
"Ms. Adler," He responded, tipping his hat with a small gesture and a serious, slightly tired, expression on his face.
"And the accusations Mr. Hudson spoke of," He continued. "were all true- though I believe you already knew that. You'd have to be an idiot not to."
He had instead shown the letter to the captain, who had then taken his mid-day break to study it himself and decide the best course of action. John took control of the ship, the job he was most comfortable with, and firmly pushed these other thoughts out of his mind. He navigated with little thought and all the concentration that he had. The sun was bright above them and shone a strange light gray through the tinted glass covering the opening John looked out. His time sailing passed far too soon and the captain was back before he had thought more than a few minutes had passed.
His attention moved off of Sherlock and it was only then that he noticed the other man who had yet to speak.
"I'm Sherlock's acquaintance," He answered, to which Sherlock rolled his slightly dead looking eyes with another noise. "I know him, I mean, and when I heard that you were the captain of the ship he was going onto I offered to come. I'm support I suppose- and a good man to have around if a health issue arises." His eyes flickered to the still impassive Sherlock.
"He's solved numerous cases already and he's hardly been onboard a week." He made a slightly amused expression and added, "though by all the complaints you'd be sure to think it months."
John felt himself prickle in annoyance and offense. Michael, on the other hand, did not seem bothered in the slightest. To John's utter surprise, he actually laughed. After considering responses, John decided not to answer him at all, speechless from the confusion this man was forcing upon him. He was startlingly hard to understand, and, even after such a short meeting, John felt it safe for him to assume that he never would.
He had received back word from Mycroft Holmes and it did nothing but make him wish that he knew the man enough to understand how his words were expected to be taken. It was written rather casually but this was not a casual accusation or a casual imprisonment, and he himself was not a casual man. He could read it as angry or exhausted or pitying or even as someone talking a small delusional child. It maddened him that he did not know what this man was trying to get across and so did not know what to expect when he would see him just the next day to take Mr. Hudson away. He considered for only a moment asking Sherlock what he believed his brother thought about the matter, but after just a moment of thought he decided it was best not to ask anything of Sherlock.
"Uh, well, that's good to hear," John said awkwardly. He stood there a silent moment more before Sherlock began closing the door. "Wait!"
Sherlock gave met his eyes again and John fought not to break this uncomfortable connection. Finally, he turned back to Mr. Anderson who had just begun to hesitantly move. "And Souchong."
"Well," John said, slowly, trying to make his mind work again. "I do hope it works out for all of you. I must be on my way."
He felt himself nod, some of the relief being discussed entering into his own clouded mind. "Yes, Sherlock Holmes is most definitely an asset."
Sherlock turned away suddenly, coat tails flying as if possessed, and called out for Mr. Anderson, who frowned with vehemence.
"That certainly is good for the ship," John agreed, though he wasn't sure if the best use for Holmes' talents was staring at crew members.
"Threats?" John gaped. Was Mr. Holmes threatening the workers? He was not the least intimidating man, but threats were not something he would have expected. It was too blunt and unclever for him, somehow he was certain. Threats? He thought of the workers and their nervous expressions, and the amount of times he had seen Mr. Holmes by groups of them. He had never once suspected.
The wind hit against the hull, rocking the ship slightly and blowing the sail with great ferocity. The ship was built soundly and there was no real danger, but the newer passengers could be seen wobbling and holding on to the walls and railings in fear and doubt. In the early dawn, standing at the helm, was John Watson, veteran and former war doctor, now the co-captain of the SS Reichenbach. As the captain came in from his short but heavy sleep, he stepped back for him.
"It seems as if we could be right on time," The captain said suddenly, one hand on the wheel, one holding a dark brass compass. "If we were not exceptionally off course."
"That's amazing!" John cut off his rapid speech and was surprised by both of their outbursts. He felt a little violated to be honest, but the accuracy and skill he had just witnessed was beyond words. The other man looked a little surprised as well for a moment, then it passed and disappeared into his once again blank and bored face.
"Today's the day, is it not?" She said with enough feign innocence to make him actually crack a small smile. "It's gotten the ship quite curious."
"I doubt it will," He replied, then shook his hand and left again. John found himself wondering the meaning of such a reply.
With these words, Mr. Hudson's face turned from red to a soggy white, and his eyes widened in fear. He opened his mouth to speak again, and then instead when into his room, slamming the door behind him.
"Ah." John replied blankly, no further replies coming to mind even as he grabbed for them. Behind Sherlock, Anderson stood with his arms crossed tightly and an annoyed and guarded look upon his face.
His eyes had been focussed somewhere between the veined cup and the splintering floor, and he lifted them up on a whim, only to find himself staring into Sherlock's anew. Awkwardly, he brought the cup to his lips without breaking eye contact, feeling Holmes studying him with a mysterious intensity.
"Yes," Lestrade replied easily. "Mycroft Holmes has assigned me to to tighten security on his ship. I'm also accompanying Sherlock."
And so their crew set about taking down their flags and starting to leave the main deck. The tarps had been pulled across the decks, dark and strong and resistant. The only people above were John and the Captain, who watched the storm with eyes shaded with fear and calculation. Below them there were flashes of lightning, rods faded and distantly small, but bright. They could hear a distant clap of thunder, and with that the rain began.
"That Sherlock Holmes," Captain Brookes was saying, shaking John out of a daze he had not even known he was in. "seems to be becoming an asset. Do you agree, Mr. Watson?"
She simply laughed and asked for nothing more and told him no more either if she did indeed have anymore she could have shared. He walked away from her, tenser than before, and began watching the passengers again, and checking the crew. His mind began to wander, first lingering on the confusion he had about Irene Adler's incessant knack for gathering information she shouldn't have, then he forced himself to change the subject, and began to think the way the others on the ship were. He knew the man's name and his importance, his reason for being on their ship- both technically and politically- but not much more than that. It was said he was a man of not just awesome mind and wit, but of elegance.
She frowned and looked as if she wanted to argue, but thankfully she did not, and he was able to make his way successfully to the door. He hesitated as he raised his hand to it, then rapped on it with his knuckles. There was a small pause in the playing before continuing on as if no one has knocked at all. John tried again, and this time the music stopped for more than a second. A loud sigh came from inside the room, followed by heavy footsteps.
"Molly Hooper," He said now, addressing the other guard in such an informal way it made John extremely uncomfortable. "Fetch me a hook."
His eyes were shining with anticipation and something very much like excitement. He stood staring, silent, as if he were waiting for John to figure it out himself, which John then attempted to do. After several creaks of the ship and long, too loud breaths from their group of four, he finally answered.
It had been days now, perhaps three, since John had seen Sherlock Holmes from a distance closer than half a ship's length away. When Sherlock's eye finally locked on to him again, he blamed this for the electric reaction he felt. He felt as if he had been caught off guard, and immediately brought up his defenses.
"I cannot be sure," The captain began. "but I would guess no longer than two hours, hopefully a bit less."
"I need sleep," He told him with annoyance he had not even tried to hide. He raised two fingers to his temple, rubbing it aggressively. "My quarters, where are they?"
At the sound of the name, a dark figure moved behind him, letting out a small noise that could be interpreted as either a sigh or groan. John was surprised to feel himself grow more excited. He only had so much to go on, he hadn't an idea of what he should expect. He suddenly felt oddly shabby as he imagined the man stepping forward, well dressed and and dignified and with an air of money. His breath caught.
He paused now, in front of Sherlock's door. He wasn't entirely sure why he had come back down in the first place, and now that he was in front of this strange man's door, this troubled him more than he thought it might have, and the memories of the trouble he had already caused tore him between wanting to insist on knowing what he was trying to do to his ship, and walking away. The door swung open. He realized he had not even noticed the violin playing having stopped.
"Well, what is all... this?" John looked back to the crowd of his passengers. It certainly did not look like "nothing" was all that was going on.
Breaking through the still marginally dingy blue of the early day, something was flying towards him. Instinct winning out over thought, he caught it in the hand that wasn't loosely gripping his cane. The projectile, on further investigation, seemed to be a small notebook crammed with untidy handwriting. He deviated his gaze so that it fell upon Mr. Holmes again, and found him to be no longer looking back, content, it would seem, to not present any explanation for the notes he had hurled at his co-captain.
With care and ease, the ship was brought lower until they could properly make out the land, and then brought down to reach it. Gracefully it ascended until it reached a full stop on the ground, its belly skimming on the ground before it stood regally and expectantly on the empty dock in front of a large black building. The building, John saw as he approached the railing to leave the ship, had a small gathering of people in front of it.
"Ah, I've slept enough," He told him easily. "I'd like to say it's your turn now, but I'm afraid there's an issue you need to deal with."
He took hold of his thoughts and pulled them away from their current destination. There was something about that man, and he felt his mind fluidly roll now off of premonitions and fall to him again. There was something off about this Sherlock Holmes, not just the opium that had been, he liked to assume, clouding his judgement, but John could not think of it as sinister. He could merely see it as something not quite as it should have been, like a sharp object protruding from somewhere, not a weapon on its own, just odd how it was, but potentially, he thought, very dangerous.
He tried yet again to put his mind back on his task of sailing the ship forward. Again, the stars were blurring above him and his hands were growing restless against the wheel, tapping absent mindedly on the wood. There was a soft glow in the sky now, alerting him that it wasn't much longer until his shift would be over. He sighed and tried to get lost in the task of sailing instead of in his own mind.
It came to no shock when he discovered that the room that held whatever was producing this music was none other than Sherlock Holmes' himself. He did not get to it before his attention was called and his thoughts interrupted.
He couldn't help but laugh, a reaction that was half-startled out of him. This inspired an odd spark in Sherlock's eyes that John feared and yet somehow felt obsessed with, more curious about it than anything else he had seen in his life.
His curiosity was spectacularly present, but he did not linger on the subject for long. The ship felt sturdy under his feet and he could see the sun behind them, hidden only slightly by a dense cloud the captain had recently maneuvered around with ease. The wind moved across his experienced face like a low sigh, and his eyes searched the ship for misdeeds. Reichenbach was not a sinful ship- there was occasional gambling and the pleasures provided by The Woman, but those were simply gentlemen's fancies- and so he did not exactly expect any sudden debacles, but he searched for it anyway, examining the ship with his eyes and leaning heavily on his strong cane.
He opened his eyes to retort, then decided that perhaps it was best to take it as some type of twisted compliment. He couldn't find the correct words to answer this response, so simply nodded, a gesture though vague, he felt was reliable.
"Message my brother," Sherlock said, bringing his gaze to John. With this, he spun back to face away from them all, and went back to his room. As soon as the door closed, John could hear the violin start up again.
"Cases, sir?" He asked. "I haven't heard of many cases since Mr. Hudson's. Surely it hasn't been too many yet." The thought of Mr. Hudson reminded him once again that they would not have to stop again for weeks, as it had only been about three days now since they had landed last, taking him off of their ship.
As he arrived back at the main deck, he noticed not much had changed beyond himself. Sherlock Holmes was still standing there with an air or annoyance, as was Mr. Anderson, but Mrs. Hooper had returned, the hook she had been sent to retrieve now firmly in Mr. Holmes' hands. He was gesturing slightly savagely, his motions wild and tone unshielded, and somehow John found it quite hard to look away. Finally he managed to as the hook found itself buried in the now the splintered wood of the wall. The options he could see were either look away or attempt to stop whatever this was from happening. As the latter option involved speaking to Mr. Holmes, something that had not gone very well in his past attempts, he chose the former and moved away. It was a big ship and he had found ways to keep himself sane before all this, surely he could count on himself to do it again.
"Does that include you, Ms. Adler?" John asked her, feeling as if he did not want to hear the answer at all.
This passing conversation skimmed along the surface of his mind as he tended to his duties. It most likely meant nothing, but the phrasing had felt off somehow. John found it hard to believe that is was just a casual remark, even as he tried to keep himself from becoming paranoid. He walked about the decks, inspecting what he should, speaking when necessary, and he felt the time pass like it was dragging on and on, and felt it pass as if it had only been moments. He was feeling a strange exhaustion when he heard a very familiar deep voice say, "No, that doesn't make any sense at all."
"I am not the one that 'nearly gave Mr. May a heart attack'," He said. "I believe that would be his wife."
He had an expression on his face that John took to mean both "there's hardly a thing I care about less" and "I dare you to tell me I should". John shifted his weight uncomfortably, only just noticing Mrs. Hooper had been behind him. Gaze gliding over the area now, he could also see Mr. Anderson crouched several feet away from them, staring at the wall.
His eyes flicked off of the railing of the ship to the door to the lower deck. He didn't expect there to be more problems, but he supposed that he should most likely check anyway. With his head still slipping away from concentration, he made his way down.
"Good," Sherlock said. "I suppose it's safe to assume you can follow orders then. That'll come in handy."
The crew had not been riled up like the passengers, he decided as he watched them work, no less focussed or hard working as any other day. They worked diligently, no need for gossip or arguments. The passengers, he knew, were still less than joyous, but he was not able or willing to do much to help them. For most of them, it seemed that their unhappiness stemmed from their own issues that they themselves created. His job was not to help them sort out their lives, and though he didn't like to see upset on his ship, or his people in an uproar, he was not about to make it so.
Mr. Anderson was back before it seemed possible, with two cups gripped just slightly too tightly in his pale hands. One was shoved in John's reaction, followed quickly by an apologetic look that he felt was there just for show. The other cup seemed to appear in Sherlock Holmes' hands as if by magic, and he held it in front of his face, breathing it in as if it were some type of airborne drug. The thought caused John to tear his gaze away once again.
"Yes, that is true," Lestrade replied. "and it is. You have a fine amount of guards and well trained ones at that. I'm still getting acquainted to everything, but you should be proud of what you have here."
"I will say nothing," He refused, three words he deeply regretted as soon as they left him, for he knew they proved her right.
John sighed, exhausted by the thought of the storm and waiting for it to pass. They sailed forward for what must have been just under an hour, then sailed back in the other direction for longer. There did not seem to be anymore lightning, fortunately, and as they travelled the thunder became quieter and quieter until John was quite sure that it had disappeared.
There were much less people now out of their quarters, and the violin was still shouting from behind Sherlock Holmes' door. Slowly, he walked across, inspecting the few people still there, just two women and a young man whose name escaped him. They did not look enraged as the others had before, or even annoyed, they just looked intrigued, a reaction that John could not disapprove of, as he understood completely. They looked at him as he made his way by and one of them women turned, gesturing nervously now to the other two to follow her, and he watched as they all left behind a near by door.
"I..." His hand tightened on the door handle. "Hurry up." Quickly, he backed out of the room, slamming the door in front of his face. His heart was pounding within his chest and he wasn't sure how to deal with what he had just witnessed.
There were few clouds above them, but the ones that were were pouring on them mercilessly. The ship tried with all her might to dodge the heavy clouds surrounding her, but the gaps between them were narrowing more by the moment, and eventually, much too soon, they could not be dodged at all. The ship plunged them into the gray fog, the water creating it sticking and sinking into the wood they stood on. Visibility decreased exponentially as they sailed through clouds upon clouds. The wind was raging now, and they could see a dark trail of smoke next to them, which they knew had come from the back of the ship and had travelled to them quickly and erratically
They shared a few moments, talking of nothing more important than the weather as they sipped their tea, until John glanced at the chrono on his wrist.
Harry dragged John to a new club that he hadn't been to before to hear a band called “Slippery Slope.” The pounding beat, the sticky floors, and the smell of desperation in the air reminded him too much of the place they’d gone to over the summer with Sherlock. John ended up getting smashed at the bar while Harry flirted up the pretty dykes, crying into a bar napkin until the bartender called Harry over.
Sherlock allowed John to lead him to where cooking pots of warm spiced punch were being ladled out to all and sundry. John darted past the queue  toward the front of the table. Several people in the line shot Sherlock angry looks.
“Sherlock,” he replied reaching out to shake, wishing the boring negotiations didn’t take so long. Still, it was all part of the process.
“Hey, if you’re going to stay up all night, can you go at least go use the lounge? Some of us have class in the morning.”
John followed Victor down a corridor to a room with tall windows covered with blinds and bare curtain rods, a double bed with a dark duvet, and wonder of wonders, Sherlock’s things, his bag on the floor and some toiletries scattered over the top of a dresser. John wanted to touch them all, take the shirt balled up on the floor and press it to his face, but with Victor there, he settled for staring at them all longingly while dropping his bag at the foot of the bed.
This was nothing like those kisses at all. This kiss was in a whole other solar system from any other kiss that Sherlock had ever experienced thus far in his life.
“Couple of trips planned.” Victoire said. “We always go to my Gran’s for awhile, and then we’ve got a trip to France to visit family there.”
John moved in closer to slot a thigh between Sherlock’s legs. He slid both hands to Sherlock’s arse, urging him to widen his stance, pulling him in until their torsos were flush. With a swivel of his pelvis, John rocked in, sending their hips into a gentle circle, setting up a rhythm that Sherlock quickly fell into.
“Pleased to meet you,” the brunette said, offering a hand to shake while the ginger one struggled up a tight smile.
Sherlock took the ramufta and settled on a cushion beside John’s. After peeling the plastic spoon off the side, he ripped off the top of the packet, watching as John did the same. The bags heated their contents once opened, and in just a minute, the food was, if not exactly hot, not cold either. They spent the next few minutes in companionable silence spooning up their dinner.  John ate quickly, efficiently, scraping his package clean with a practiced air. Sherlock had only eaten half of his meal in the same time.
