There has been a bit of drama. I found the wizard. I get here to find the beast of a vintage Impala, Mr. Run-off-in-a-gay-panic, Dean fucking Winchester. Guess he and his brother failed to work out a schedule.
“Speak for yourself, Gabe. I like him with his pants off.” Dean says. Cas stands up, and offers Dean a hand to pull him up to standing. Dean’s right there and it’ll gross Gabe out, so Cas kisses Dean.
“Cas, I had a long talk with Benny. He’s been with his wife Andrea a long time, even before he quit drinking. He made me realize a few things. Like, even after two years I can’t get you out of my head. He also says that I don’t get to decide what you want or need.”
Dean looks wounded for a split second before his expression turns. He gives a cold chuckle and looks like he’s fixing to have a fight.. “Guess Sammy filled you in on my situation. Figures.”
He takes his time at the sink, but he can only hide in the bathroom for so long. Taking a deep breath, he opens the door and heads back in the living room. It’s only then that he gets a really good long look at Dean — still impossibly stunning— barefoot, in a well-worn pair of jeans that fit like a glove, a faded Zeppelin shirt. Either time has been kind to Dean or Cas has forgotten how breathtaking he is.
“I’ve missed her pancakes.” Dean says while peppering Cas’s chin with kisses. “Did you know that the first time, she met us she said we’d be together a long forever.”
“Ok, just sit here for a sec,” Dean helps him sit on the edge of the bath. “I… I’m just going to take my clothes off and join you.”
Then he’s out the door. The wind picks up and really he should have grabbed a shirt before heading out. He’s soaked within minutes. First the generator, he checks to make sure it’s full of gas then starts it up. They’ve got enough gas that it should last for a few days if needed. He moves a few bundles of wood for the fireplace closer to the door. He doesn’t think the cabin will get that cold, but you can’t beat the romance of a fire.
“Told her I wasn’t the marrying kind. She just shook her head, told me to put a ring on it. She invited us both for dinner at some point this week. Something about talking sense into us.”
Cas’s knees go a bit weak. He wishes he knew what to say, wishes he could he make light of being suddenly cut out of Dean’s life, or quip something snarky about having moved on and life being better without Dean. But he’s got nothing.
Settling onto the bed overlooking the lake, Cas fires up his computer and logs into the group chat. The guys have changed the chat name to
What the hell is Dean supposed to do now? Dean is a mess. And he’s not ready to talk about it. Sam knows something’s wrong but Jack rebuilt the world and well, Sam’s got Eileen and a chance at his happily ever after. The love of Dean’s life got sucked into the void. Probably to never return. Maybe Dean deserves this end for, well, any number of things that have happened since he got sent to hell. Probably for a few things before that too. So Dean pretends. Pretends he doesn’t miss Cas with every single ounce of his being, pretends to smile, and love pie. Mostly, deep down. He hates himself. Eternity is a long time to realize that  your only chance at happiness has, more than likely, passed you by.
Lyra doesn’t move, as if for her nothing at all has changed. Dean looks stunned. He keeps looking at Lyra, then the wing around her, then to Cas’s face. Cas thinks they’re awful, wishes he’d shown them to Dean back when he was proud of them, instead of the ragged mess that they are.
Dean reaches up and kisses Cas to reassure him, but looks down. “We’re good. We’re good. I’ve just haven’t been with a lot of men.”
Dean got a job at a local oil and lube place. Cas kept an eye out, and provided lore and expertise to other hunters. They’d just settled into a routine. They should have known that it was too good to last, their time as borrowed as it was.
Out of boredom, he takes a sip the large Coke he purchased during the last stop. The sweat from the cup drips onto his lap. It’s cold and damp but he just lets it dry. Not like anything has gone to plan since he since he left — the weather, crossing customs, finding a motel room for a night, what’s adding a damp crotch to the list? Cas isn’t a superstitious man, but he is sure all these things are portent to something awful. What if he just skipped Kansas and just kept heading west to California. Sunshine, beaches, and his dear friends and former roommates: Balthazar, Carter, and Ramzey. They’d done the sane thing, escaped winter and made a bee-line to beaches and sunshine. He was going to miss them.
“I'd rather bottom to be honest," Dean teases, really this train left professional a few stations back. "I’m sure it’ll be fine, Cas. Gabe said you’ve pretty much got this gig if you want it. And we’ll help with routines.” Dean looks down at the song selection. “This is such a great song choice. Let me see what you can do…” Dean  plugs Cas’s phone into the bluetooth for the room. “Are you ready?”
“If nothing else, this is making for a good story. You know, it’s an Italian restaurant. How bad can it be?” Cas says. “Not like there were brains on the menu or something.”
And so, the fairest omega in the land got off the couch because he was afraid of his mother. And he took his alpha by the hand and they went up to his apartment. Soon his place was filled with the blended of smells of cinnamon and sandalwood. And they kissed and undressed, and Dean discovered how magical Cas's hipbones were. Then they kissed more and Cas discovered that licking Dean’s slick right from the source is his favourite thing in the world. They kissed even more and Dean discovered that Cas slamming against his prostate makes him come untouched. They were kissing for the 103rd time, not that anyone was counting when Cas knotted Dean for the first time. They kissed for the 137th time and decided that they needed food. They ordered a pizza (no pineapple) and they talked about the future. And finally between kiss 143 and 145, they decided to  try for their every own happily ever after.
“Heh, you both wanted to blow something that’s for sure,” Charlie sing-songs. “Cassie and Dean sitting in a tree F-U-C-K-I-N-G.”
“It’s fine, Cas. Just water. We can clean it up later.” Dean is trying to look ok but it’s a nervous facade. Cas wonders if this is as difficult for Dean as it is for Cas. Probably not, but then he just stares at Cas again — ironic really, since Dean always used to accuse him of looking too intensely.
“No, I’m usually bored, wishing the song was shorter and passing the time making a grocery list,” Dean explains. “Coffee. Bump. Grind. Milk. Grind. Bread. Wiggle. Grind.”
And he’s tired of pussyfooting around Dean. He’s just not sure what Dean wants from him, he’s not sure what he wants from Dean either. Fact is, right at this moment he feels more alone than he has in a very long time. He considers logging into chat, knows that someone is likely there to help, or to try and make him laugh. He’s just not sure he can fake being happy even for their sake.
“Oh, it’s so good to see you two together again.” She hugs Dean, then swoops Cas up. “But things still aren’t right.” She looks deep into Dean’s eyes. He blushes and looks at his feet. Cas tries not to find it adorable.
Dean doesn’t say anything. How can he put into words the years of damage inflicted by all the times his father laid into him for being useless, worthless, and barely good enough to breathe the same air as his little brother. And how when things get difficult, Dean believes every single thing John Fucking Winchester ever told him: Dean doesn’t get to be happy, he’s a fuck up, a pussy, a fag and all those terrible words his dad used to try and “straighten him out.” His dad may have been a drunk and an asshole, but it doesn’t mean he wasn’t right about this.
“All the times I should have said something but didn’t. I should have told you. All the times, we both spent far too long staring at each other, every single time I wanted to kiss you. I am so sorry I didn’t see it. Didn’t believe it, in you, in us.”
Cas was rendered speechless. How could he have misread this situation? He was just so sure. Dean couldn’t what? Be bi? Be with him? Assuming the worst, Cas decided he’d pushed Dean too far, too fast and led him headfirst into a big gay panic. Cas washed himself off, got under the covers and wondered what he had gone wrong.
“I’d like that.” Dean lies.  “I was about to make soup and grilled cheese for dinner. Should I make enough for two?”
The car moves a bit beneath him, like someone is sitting here with him. He refuses to opens his eyes, maybe Bobby or his mom have come to give him a talking to. He doesn’t have the patience for a pep talk.
“Dean, please consider this… there aren’t that many eligible alphas in the land. Just give a few the sniff test, I promise it doesn’t mean anything. And I have the family business to run, please. One afternoon a week is all I ask.”
It’s a cold grey day in Lawrence, unusual for late August. The clouds hang low in the sky, and a cool wind sends shivers through the trees. Dean sits in his beloved black 1967 Chevy Impala down the street from Cas’s apartment. He doesn’t get out of the car, he just sits watching. Sam comes out holding a box and makes his way to Cas’s old SUV — the one Dean rebuilt for him. A very small part of Dean is glad that he could, at the very least, give Cas a safe ride to his new life even if he’s chosen to no longer be a part of it.
Memories flood in. Like the beating Cas gave him when he wanted to give himself over to Zachariah. He begged Cas to end it then and there. But Cas showed him mercy. At some point between being dragged into the alley and finding himself at Bobby’s, Cas--obviously still angry--pinned him one last time, Dean wasn’t sure if it was to kill or kiss. Dean went right to kill. Because no one falls in love with Dean Winchester. He’s too flawed, and filled with hate and anger.  Still. Now. Even in heaven.
“It’s just you and me, pup.” Sam says to the dog. Miracle barks. Dean still does not speak dog but he feels better knowing, Sam won’t be alone.
He woke up to a series of panicked texts from Sam and Bobby asking where he was, apparently they were supposed to have had dinner the night before. He didn’t care enough to answer. He turned off his phone and finished the bottle of JD in front of him. The passage of time is a bit hazy, but when he woke up next, he craved salt and carbs of the fast food variety. Nearest Rotten Ronnies was in the village 20 miles back. Dean admits he was feeling a bit off kilter but figured it was hunger and a hangover. He’d been asleep for a good long time, now time for the punishing aftermath. He started driving down the dirt road, when right before the bridge he swears a rabbit darted out in front of him. He took a sharp turn to avoid it and drove his beloved Baby into a large oak tree.
Dean loses the power of speech for a moment. From those strong legs, to the muscular chest, and every single thing in between. He’s usually self-assured and cocky. He’s got a line for this.
Clearly his usual meditation technique is not going to work. Cas then tries looking for the space between the wagons of the train but they are filled with images of Dean. Focussing on the rhythm of the rain hitting the window, but it sounds like an old Zeppelin tune. He gives up, frustrated and angrier than he was before. He really should have eaten first. When he finds his way back to the kitchen area, he sees that his coffee has been refreshed, and a green apple with peanut butter is on the plate — his usual breakfast. It’s a small gesture. And he feels his rage ebbing as he cuts the apple into quarters and spreads peanut butter on them. He’s so lost in thought that it’s some time before he sees Dean’s note.
There is the flutter of wings. Dean bolts up but it’s a blue heron taking off a few feet away from him.
“I gave Castiel a job waiting tables, he'll make enough from tips doing that. I won’t have family dancing.”
His mind flashes to sandy beaches and the warm sun. She gives his arm a gentle smack.”And you know California would only be another diversion.”
“It’s not bad enough that image is seared into my head. But now, there’s multi-colored glitter all over the house, my house. It got in my hair. I tracked it into my bed – it was everywhere, Dean. I gave away the couch, the table and the rug. It’s been two months, I thought it was gone. But Thursday night, I found a few more pieces.” Cas holds back a sob. “And you know what, it was my fault.”
He sits at the counter. The waitress is stunning, just his type, but he feels nothing for her. She brings him a coffee. Is she a forgotten one night stand? It would stand to reason that some of those people may be dead. He sips his coffee. The man working in the kitchen says something. It’s the voice. Dean stands up. Sees the  familiar wild dark hair. Dean jumps up before he has a chance to think.
Castiel gives the question some consideration, putting his arms through the sleeves his shirt. Dean misses the skin-on-skin contact immediately and pulls him closer once again before Cas does up the buttons.
Sam loads up the pick up Cas used to use, and drives off to the spot in the woods where they salted and burned most of a generations of  hunters before them. He washes Dean’s body with a reverence that Dean has never noticed before.  Then wraps it in a white shroud, ties it with natural hemp rope. Just like they've done with everyone around them who has passed before them. Sam cries.
“Dakar, Coltrane right?” Castiel overhears Dean telling a customer with an unruly silver beard. “Amazing album, I’m not sure if we have it. Hey Cas, do you know…”
“Oh sweetie, you ain’t seen nothing yet,” Dean winks. “There is a whole lot this fine piece of ass can do.”
Cas doesn’t bother to deny, instead retells him the events of the night, confessing that Dean Winchester still takes his breath away.
With all the tools assembled, they make their way to Missouri’s house. For the first time since he arrived in Kansas, the sun seems to be trying to peek through the clouds, he was starting to wonder if someone had scorched the sky. And though it was up and fine just yesterday, there is a fallen tree blocking the driveway. There must have been a windstorm in the night.
“You boys are a dangerous mix of stubborn and silly. There will always be a Castiel and Dean. There is a bond between you. Even now, even after you walked away and he let you. It’s stronger than you both, and it will always find a way to bring you back together if you try to stray too far.”
Cas is caught off guard, it’s not a question he expected. What is it to Dean if he’s got a man waiting for him?
“Bobby is ready for retirement, offered me the shop. Sam has Eileen to take care of him now. I wanted to be closer to you.”
“Please don’t stop on my account. I needed to clear my head. I ended up visiting with Missouri. I’m sorry for earlier. I did not handle that well.”
And Dean happily obliges, humming into the kiss, when Cas decides to flip him over. “I think I was the one making promises earlier. Let me take care of you.”
“Oh, one of those albums that makes jazz tolerable,” Dean says with a chuckle. Forget kissing, Cas is now back to thinking up original, creative ways to kill him.
Their eyes lock. Cas isn’t sure what he sees in those familiar green eyes. He’s not sure he wants to know.
by Miley Cyrus because she’s such an inspiration to me. Like Miley, I too cannot be tamed by convention or what people expect of me,” Becky says with far more passion and conviction than is warranted in this situation.
“Get out of your car and go find somewhere safe to be. I have this idea that speaking honestly with each other might change things for the better. But that job is good for you, as is that cute little house. You belong there, and you know it. If things fall apart, I’ll be more than happy to make room for you here.”
It was a hell of his own making, and he knew it, but Dean wasn’t sold on the concept that he might have a problem with alcohol, and honestly, he only went to rehab because they wouldn’t give him his license back until he had. During his first session with “Just Donna” his court-appointed therapist, she suggested he stopped drinking until the next appointment two days later. It was a bet, if Dean won, Donna would sign off on his license, if he failed, he would pick up doughnuts for the next session.
“Were you serious about kissing me at midnight?” Cas says. “Charlie assures me that odds are you were.”
“Almost there,” he tells himself. But the last half hour is crawling by, and it feels like he’s been trapped in this car for weeks.
Dean soaps up his hand and starts to work them down Cas’s body starting with his shoulders and neck. Cas tries not to let his drunken mind make more of this than it is. Dean’s hands rub his chest down Cas’s stomach, then kneeling down to go around his legs. But it doesn’t really matter. Cas doesn’t remember the last time someone took the time to care of him like this, Michael certainly didn’t. Cas wouldn't have taken care of that cheating bastard either. He realizes, maybe four years too late, that he and Michael were probably never really in love. But Dean is here. Dean came back. For him.
“Listen, I want to go, you want to go. I’d love to go with you. I promise to keep my hands to myself,” Cas says. “Unless you’d rather I didn’t.”
There is a debate about whether or not to have dessert in bed. In the end, they decide that adding pie filling to the mess their sheets is probably not the best idea. They settle onto the couch instead. Cas doesn’t love pie, but maybe it’s that Dean made but it’s delicious. But he can do better. He crawls onto Dean’s lap, pulling off his shirt and t-shirt.
He dusts himself off, grabs the coats, the bowl, the weapons and places them in the trunk of the Impala. He finds the weapons compartment empty. There probably aren’t a lot of monsters to gank here, but you can never be too careful.
Cas squirms. What does he say? How does he explain what happened without it sounding like a cascade of bad drunken decisions snowballed into losing Dean? He’s spent all this time trying to move on and make a new life but he just can’t seem to do it. And right now, at this moment, he really hates himself for it.
“What’s the matter, Angel.” Dean mocks shaking his ass is his direction. “This too low-brow for your delicate ears. Too much Kenny G makes Cas a dull boy, you know.”
But this morning he’s proud of himself.  “I got fucked by a lava lamp.” He chuckles to himself. “I. Am. Amazing.”
“I … I hope this is a thing, Charlie.” Cas says. “But, we’re taking it slow. Waiting until midnight to seal it with a kiss.”
It’s a few minutes before 11 a.m. when Dean arrives at the club. The club always looks a bit worse for wear in the morning light, but crews are in giving it a good cleaning before the weekend. He spots Benny the club's head bouncer supervising over the work.
“To be honest, I wasn’t planning on coming back. There was a contract in Los Angeles. But this one is better, and I wanted to be closer to family. LA has sun and something that seems woefully lacking here. The boys were also moving there.” Cas ends it there.
Cas just smiles around his dick, allows his hand to follow.  “Don’t be.” With that, he swallows Dean down one last time before Dean comes down Cas’s throat.
“I’m studying dance, my last role required nudity for most the show but it wasn’t sexual,” Castiel continues.
Cas knows how much can change in a night. More thunder and lightning. Cas is tired, so tired — spending the night is probably the right thing to do. There is another dramatic pause.
“All killer no filler.” Dean mumbles to himself as the bar of Bon Jovi, “Wanted. Dead or Alive.”  In all it’s cheese, he loves this song.  Out of habit he checks to see when he needs to fill up Baby next. The tank is full.
It’s an olive branch and given that they’re likely going to have to spend some time together, a very considerate gesture. Cas still isn’t sure what he wants to do about Dean, but he has to admit it does smell heavenly. He throws the apple core out and he pulls out the plate. He bites into the omelet, it’s decadent -- part of him hoped it would be awful.
Dean lies over him, kissing up his neck. It’s divine. Cas is pretty sure he could come from this alone. He moans, grinding into the sheets. It’s only then that he feels Dean’s erection nestle between his butt cheeks. He’s not sure who sighs or who moans first. Dean moves away first.
When he comes to again, he’s definitely still drunk but less so and the pain in his head has abated. He sits up to find Dean sitting on the bed next to him. It takes a moment for his brain to catch-up. Thankfully, the room is no longer spinning. Much.
“Cas, these aren’t ugly. They are amazing. Beautiful even. And you know, we are always here to help.”
He and the fiancée broke up. He seems ok with it all. I really didn’t want to deal with this. Hopefully, I wake up in Oz without him and I can avoid this situation indefinitely.
Shit. People around them in their house and he’s hard in Cas’s lap. What will they think. Dean panics a bit. Then he realizes he really doesn’t care.
“Definitely Slytherin of the evil variety today, Boss. Do you need a few minutes after all that?”  Charlie provided valuable insight like which Hogwart’s House every alpha would be sorted into and a preview of the alphas to come. “Should I send them away?”
“Oh, that girl was a diversion. We all know it. Just like your friends, Castiel. You both hate to talk about this sort of thing. It’s what lead you to this point. But at some point, you will have to come clean about your feelings.”  She places a hand over his. “You can try to  deny it to yourself. But only for so long.”
“Dean honey, I know I said I wouldn’t push the issue. But this is taking up a lot of my time. Sam suggested maybe you could take over, set aside a bit of time to see them? I want you to be .”
Dean’s adorable when he’s this excited and nervous. Cas’s expectations for the meal are low. As he recalls, Dean had two standard meals he could prepare: burgers and lasagna. But it doesn’t smell like either, in fact, it smells like Thai coconut curry which is still one of Cas’s favourite meals. Cas pours out sparkling water for them both. Dean comes out with rice and salad, followed by the curry.
“Just because I am a drunk doesn’t mean I can’t handle a chainsaw.” Dean hadn’t meant for that piece of internal dialogue to make its way out.
“Thank god, he’s gone,” Cas thinks as he finishes the bottle. He wants more but that’s going to require going to the kitchen, he can’t quite handle standing up right now. He lies back on his bed. The room spins a bit and he hears footsteps in the hallway. There shouldn’t be anyone home. He prays the burglars kill him quickly and that’s the last thought he has before he passes out.
“You’ve been given a second chance, son.” Judge Hendrickson had said while sentencing him. “Take this as an opportunity to turn things around. Next time, we won’t be so lenient.”
“There’s a towel on the back of the couch for you,” Dean says looking up from behind the fridge door. He’s taken Cas’s bags and moved them into the small galley kitchen off the living room.
“You don’t know what happened.” It’s such a mess. Fuck, he knows better than to mix his liquors. Tequila, whiskey beer — they were fucking asking for trouble, and trouble with Cas it was. If only he could have kept his libido in his pants.
Cas shakes his head. “Not in the conventional sense. Some very close friends. It is also a long story. I do need to check in, it’s late they’ll be worried.”
He pulls up a chair and sits down across from Cas, leans forward so that his elbows are on his knees.
“You could check to see with the sheriff, she can arrange to get you out but you’d have to leave your car for now. And the forecast isn’t good, they’re calling for big winds and more rain tonight. It’s ok now, but things turn quickly around here. Sit back, open a cold one and enjoy Mother Nature’s light show.”
Dean wants to protest but Cas is right of course, a small litter of kittens shouldn’t be an issue. Baby shape-shifter sitting, that was a big issue.This is just a few little soft kitty-kats. A tiny fuzzy grey one has found its way to Dean’s shoulder. Ok. This is nice, sweet. He moves in closer to Cas.
“And it’s dumb, because at the same time, I’d pretty much decided that I need to do something about us. But, not drunk, and maybe with more words. I dunno, man, fucking date or something. I didn’t want our first time to be a drunken make out session, and I felt guilty about that too. It wasn’t supposed to go down like that. And I was kind of paralyzed by like my own recklessness. Then you were gone and I felt like it was too late. Sam and Charlie man, they tried. They threatened, begged, you know, pretty much anything and everything to get me to talk to you. And my dumb stubborn-ass self couldn’t admit that it was up to me to fix this and that I was …” Dean stumbles over this last word, “wrong. And booze seemed to be the only way to numb and forget how badly I’d fucked up.”
Cas just watches the scene as if it’s happening to someone else. But when Dean draws him into a hug. Cas collapses into his arms holding onto Dean, like he never thought he’d see his lover again.
“Probably third,” Dean says without skipping a beat. “We could go a bit more traditional.” Dean stops, makes as if he’s singing into a mic and croons:
“Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel,” he says in a voice sounds like two packs a day and a pint of whiskey. Dean would be pay money to hear that reading something, anything, like the phone book.
Dean chuckles. “I’ll show you later. But no, definitely not for children. Here you’ll want to wipe the jello off the couch.” He hands Cas a rag.
He moves Baby next to the SUV. He wonders for a moment if Cas has a name for her. The cars look cute together. “That may be the gayest thing I’ve ever thought.” He runs back to the generator to see that it’s running well. It should be ok until morning. Hopefully the power is back by then.  He braces himself and runs towards the door, still manages to get doused once again. He opens the door to find a few lit candles in the living room. Leaning against the couch is Cas, he’s holding a towel. Wearing a pair of sleep pants, judging by how low the pants are riding. Nothing else.
“Cassie, baby! Come out, come out wherever you are!” Gabe’s shouts echo through Castiel’s house. It’s grating and making everything worse. Cas takes a chug from the bottle of Wild Turkey that’s become his best friend.
“Ummmm, I think, in order to get the full impact of the dance, as naked as you would for a normal, paying client.”
“Cas, no magic shit. I was kidding about the whiskey. ” Dean gently grabs Lyra’s face so she looking at him. “Lyra, look at me. Would you like to watch Moana?”
How is it, Cas wonders, that it can feel like forever since they’ve last spoken yet it still hurts like it was yesterday. Cas swallows hard, takes a deep breath and forces himself to blink. He wishes all he felt was anger, but he still feels something for Dean. He used to call it love -- now he’s not sure, lust perhaps. One thing is for sure, he call feel himself getting sucked back into Dean’s orbit. Part of him wants to move into Dean’s space, pull him close and kiss the breath out of him, the sane part of him wants to pick up his things and run.
“Gabriel, please, I told you I’m not interested in taking a mate right now. Why waste everyone’s time?”
“Listen Cas, I know I’m not your first choice for a date, but it’ll make a really good story about how you slummed it with a metal head. I’m told I’m not hard on the eyes.” Dean is talking brave but he keeps looking at his feet.
Dean was pretty sure that when he finally saw Cas again, Cas was going to beat the living shit out of him, and Dean was fully prepared to let him. But now that Cas is here and seems to be giving him a second chance, and the one thing Cas wants to know about, is the one thing that will scare him away for good. But there isn’t much Dean wouldn’t do for Cas.
“You know Dean loves you and he misses you so much. He’s just struggling to express it. Not that it excuses what he’s done in the past. He doesn’t think he deserves you. John Winchester left that poor boy with a legacy of sacrifice and self-loathing. And Dean, well, he still believes a lot of that and deep down he just wants to protect you.”
“Sit,” she says as if they are misbehaving puppies. And they do, stealing a glance at each other. This reminds Dean of the many times he ended up sitting outside the principal’s office. Cas usually with him to play the role of his defense attorney.
“Of course Dean.” Cas says as he rubs his nose between the kitten’s ears. “Sit down, Dean. Get to know them.” Dean is not entirely sure how he feels about this turn of events. It’s not that he doesn’t like cats, it’s just that, well, he’s just never been given much of an opportunity. And on the whole, all of God’s creatures great and small includes a bunch of things he’d rather not come across in a dark alley -- like Leviathan.
“Don’t be like that,” she says swatting Dean’s arm.  “This is it and it’s exactly as I remembered it,” she says “Dad will love it.”
After Cas vetoes all the slutty the suggestions, they do finally agree that what he calls his gay pub crawl outfit is the way to go. Light-wash jeans, they are a bit tight and his favourite white tunic. The tunic is light enough to show off his chest, the jeans his thigh and ass. It used to work magic on Carter, who inevitably would make Cas late. The boys say the outfit is completely and totally mind-blowingly hot without looking like Cas tried too hard. They say barefoot is better  —
They glare at each other, neither one saying a word. Eyes locked menacingly, Dean growls and cocks an eyebrow in challenge, eyes walking up one of side of Cas then down the other. Cas refuses to be cowed. Dean closes the space between them and making his height felt, Cas considers kissing him for sheer shock value.
Cas puts his cup down on the counter and kisses Dean. It’s tender at first. But he wants more, wants Dean. He runs his tongue gently across Dean’s lower lip. Dean opens his eyes, smiles and leans back into Cas and allowing the kiss to deepen. Dean pulls Cas closer. He breaks the kiss resting his forehead against Cas’s. Dean’s hand rubbing small circles over Cas’s hipbones.
“Gentlemen, please follow me” The maitre d’ interrupts eyeing them suspiciously.  Cas supposes that if two men came into his restaurant with a reservation under a clearly fake name, he’d be suspicious too.
Dealing with Cas being gone for good nearly drove Dean back to drinking. Lisa, well, she didn’t get it, wouldn’t give him space to figure it out. They’d had one hell of a fight about it, something about how if he was so upset about Cas, he should marry him instead. She may have been onto something.
They get under the covers and Dean falls asleep, without worrying about the fact that he’s the little spoon.
“Did you tell Sam?” Cas asks. “He wanted to have a welcome back party, bring the gang back up here. You ok with that?”
“I am not sure, a century, maybe more. No one has ever survived this before. It makes me ugly. Unwanted. I didn’t think anyone would ever want to preen me. That may speed things up. It’s been millennia since anyone touch them like that.”
After checking his neck and making sure there was nothing more serious than a bump to the head, the paramedic got him out of the car and into the ambulance.
He kisses Dean then. It’s a long, slow, passionate. Dean doesn’t usually kiss like this. Kissing for reassurance, to express caring, followed by gentle touches and lights the fire in Dean’s belly. Cas takes a step back.
“They’ll do for now. I’d like a bit more polish but we can work on that.” Balthazar says.  “There are a few people left on the list but nearing the end. Then we’re done for the day.” Balthazar shrugs with ennui.
Dean checks to see how Cas is doing, Cas looks away. It happens a lot. Dean doesn’t know what’s wrong. And he hates himself for not having the guts to tell Cas how he feels. Not that Cas would reciprocate, no way. Bad enough, he’s just a mechanic with a GED but he ran off in a bit of a panic, and now Cas knows he’s an alcoholic with a record. He wishes he were the kind of man Cas deserved but he’s not and he’s just going to have to accept it.
Cas takes his time. Prays Dean isn’t freaking out. He cleans himself off and gets rids of the condom.
Dean stands looking at Baby and Cas’s SUV, and decides they might be safer from falling branches and trees if he moved them towards the end of the driveway. He grabs his keys, and finds Cas’s keys.
“I’m going to let you in on a secret, Cas,” Dean says, his now-unbuttoned pants barely sitting on his hips. “I love getting naked for strong, beautiful, dark-haired, blue-eyed men.”
Missouri puts her hand over his and waits until he looks her in the eye before responding. She shakes her head.
“Thought I’d help. Sounds like a hell of a long drive to get here. But wow, there’s enough here to feed an army.”
“Jimmy, could you pass me another cherry pie,” the waitress says. Not Cas then, just someone who looks like him. He’s not sure if it’s better or worse to be able to see what Cas used to look like. For now, it hurts. A lot.
There is more open road, a bottomless tank of gas, and no need to stop. Until he sees a diner. He’s not hungry but feels compelled to stop. It looks familiar, maybe the diner from Twin Peaks. If it is, Dean will know this is hell.
“Dude, I have no clue who you’re talking about,” Dean says. “But ain’t nothing wrong with shaking your money maker for a living. It’s putting my bro through college with enough left over to support myself quite comfortably. People at clubs save their cash for the dancers. The waitstaff don’t do as well.”
It’s the wrong question. Cas unloads all of his problems on poor Balt. He tells him how they agreed to be friends and how Dean had seen the Ramzey video. He tries to downplay the shame and self-loathing but it’s hard.
“Nah, it’s on me. I fucked so many things up. And there are many things I can’t make amends for. Us being one of them.”
Dean tries to give Sam a sign, but it’s harder to move things than he remembered. Dean still isn’t sure what’s supposed to happen now. But he follows as Sam gathers a few things, picks up some salt, a clean white sheet and some wood for the pyre. Once or twice Sam looks over his shoulder.
by Pearl Jam comes on, he debates turning it off. It’s hitting a bit close to home. In the end, getting lost in a long drawn-out Mike McCready solo eases his mind. And if Vedder’s baritone reminds him of Cas, he’s sure as hell not going to admit it, especially not to himself.
“Let me make one thing perfectly clear, Blue Eyes, no self-respecting music lover likes the overproduced, corporate, cynical, middle-of-the-road crap put out by Nickelback.” Dean’s deep rumbly voice washes over him. Cas would like to be unaffected but he’s not; he holds the scowling gaze before putting his hands on Dean’s chest and firmly pushing him away.
“Cas, it’s ok.” Dean sounds like he’s trying to convince them both. “Sam explained. I didn’t tell him I’d be here either. Did you eat? I have some left-over pasta.”
“Ok. I put your stuff in the big room. I know you like to work overlooking the lake. We changed the windows last summer, put in a bay, the view is amazing.”
Cas looks up into those green eyes. They both know what Dean is saying. But as they usually do, neither take the first step to start the conversation.
The pitter-patter of raindrops on the roof of the new SUV  Gabe gave him as a graduation present gets louder and pulls him from his thoughts. It is a tattoo he’ll hear in his sleep for weeks to come. The
He finds his way back to the main road. Wandering along the way, he sees the newer cabins, most have been converted to rental properties, the peak season is over and most are empty. He sees a few downed trees, but no serious damage thankfully. Without really thinking about it, he starts to wander down the road a bit towards the old Moseley home. Missouri had been one of the few people he’d opened up to about his home situation. The long fights with his mom, their strict religious upbringing, how much they hated Dean, blaming him for turning Cas gay. Missouri promised him things would get better, and they had. Really, things arebetter now, this is just one blip on the radar. Soon this will be behind him and he can get on with his life. Lost in thought, he doesn’t realize he’s in front of the old home until he’s standing at the foot of her driveway.
“Beer?” Dean pulls a bottle out of the fridge door where he’s placed six of the bottles of Beyond the Pale’s Pink Fuzz. “Looks like you got the expensive crap.”
“You’re not the one who needs to apologize. I shouldn’t have been looking at  your stuff.” Dean says. “But yeah, this is hard. I miss us.”
“What do you know, he does know his Zeppelin,” Dean seems impressed.  “When we were kids my brother Sammy stuck a toy soldier in one of the vents. My dad never bothered to get it out. I’ve rebuilt her nearly from scratch and well, I never bothered to take it out either. I figure a car like this should have a few stories like that.”
“No, Dean. Enough. I was quite willing to give this friends thing, another try. But all day, it’s been like you’re coming onto me. What do you want from me, Dean? Because I am getting mixed messages.”
Dean didn’t really know leaving was still an option. Sure he’d heard Cas mention LA, but he couldn’t be serious. He just came back.“Don’t go,” is all Dean says. Cas looks over in surprise, but doesn’t say anything.
It felt honest and open, something he’d forgotten was possible after spending so much time repressing all his feelings for Dean. Balt was the wild party animal, Ramzey who could hold his own but acted as the group therapist, and Carter, beautiful Carter who was all about making sure everyone ate well and took care of themselves physically. It was a household filled with love and caring.
“Gabe and Zar’s geeky dancer cousin or something. Needs a job, Zar can’t bring himself to watch. So yours truly has to do it.” Dean sighs.
Cas moves in closer to Dean. “Hmmmm…. I really don’t want to, but if we keep going, we are going to have to get you out of your pants. If we do that, then I am going to end up kneeling in front of you, and we all know where that leads.”
Nothing much mattered to him after that, not really. So he shoved it down deep. Pretended everything was fine. Maybe Cas was happy now, or he felt like his sacrifice wasn’t worth it in the end. Maybe he just wanted to fly around doing whatever it was angels did. Or Cas was disappointed in Dean. Maybe Cas was happy “in the being” and didn’t need more.
Dean’s been through this with Donna any number of times -- that people will and do still love him. He struggles with it.
Cas looks right up at Dean and smiles. As if this is something that happens every single day. “You can put your hand back, now. I hear you have a thing for hips.”
“An omega who can’t have a normal life because the alphas of this world have somehow decided that his assignation means that he needs to be mated and produce pups for the rest of us. Doesn’t he have a right to make his own choices? “
Her home is cosy and warm, it smells like her molasses cookies and something else he can’t quite place. They catch up and the longer he stays the less he wants to leave. He wishes things had been more like this with his mom.
Whatever Dean expects to find when he opens the door, it’s definitely not this. In the middle of the stage stands a man with his back to him. He stretches, working his way through a series of standing yoga poses. Dean watches quietly, amused that he’s dressed in what appears to be dress pants, a shirt, and something that might be a tie. The dancer’s movements are graceful, smooth and sure -- beautiful in their apparent simplicity. Dean can’t bring himself to interrupt and so he stands there silently, watching the sequence of poses. He tracks the the strong shoulders and back muscles flexing under the shirt, the strong curve of his ass that gives way to strong powerful thighs as the man reaches his hand to the floor. Dean idly wonders if yoga might be something Zar would consider adding to their line-up. When the time he’s spent watching borders on creepy,Dean finally clears his throat to signal his arrival.
Conversation is a bit more fluid after that, Cas discovers Dean has dabbled in jazz enough to know his Coltrane from his Parker. And Dean learns that deep down Cas really loves a beautifully executed guitar solo. There may be more musical common ground there after all.
Not bothering with the table near the kitchen, they set up the meal on the coffee table in front of the TV. Dean sits on the couch with a full cushion separating him from Cas. He grabs some cheese to sprinkle on his food at the same time Cas does. They touch briefly before both pulling away like they’ve been burned.
Dean is admittedly moving a bit more slowly today as he tidies up the kitchen in the bunker. Last night, Cas decided to “try something new”  and started inserting larger and larger things up Dean’s ass. It started with a small dildo, then various food items:  a churro, an ear of corn, an eggplant then onto bigger and wider household items. He was honestly shocked when the lava lamp slid all the way in, but safeworded out when Cas started lubing up a
“Remember the bash when you came home from Stanford  after finishing your freshman year? God, Dean was so excited to see you, he must have baked 10 pies.”
“A deal is a deal Cassie baby, you’re next.”  Gabriel followed the redhead in with a wink at Castiel. “Even if Dean-o will be off the market by then.”
“There are a lot of things that don’t make sense,” Castiel says to no one in particular as he walks over and turns off the TV.
“But I am not really one for small talk,” Castiel continues. “I find it difficult. My family say I’m strange.”
It’s a bit hazy after than, but Cas worked Dean out of his jeans, mouthing at the erection hidden behind the boxer briefs..
“I do believe you mentioned something about wanting to see me on my knees,” as he slips a teasing finger under the waist band of Cas's pants. "If you're up to the task." Cas gasps.
Last in the email is a link to a video. Ramzey has captioned it. “I love looking up at gorgeous men when I suck dick. I miss you, Blue Eyes. Your favourite cocksucker. Ram.”
Cas laughs. “I take it that’s a yes. We really need to clean up.” Cas says, rolling off Dean. “Stay.”
But neither Cas nor Dean seem ready to go yet. They end up kissing lazily, indulging in finally being able to do this. Eventually they slowly find their way to shower and eventually get dressed.
And he hadn’t not really. Dean’s recovery took a lot of time and they both admitted that they really didn’t want to be on the front line of killing things anymore. It was time to explore their relationship, and each other. Cas kept watch over Dean — keeping him close, keeping  him safe. Throwing a dart on a map, they decided on Portland. They found a small apartment in a lovely small community where the neighbors didn’t ask too many questions, but still managed to keep an eye out for each other.
There’s a cold compress on his forehead when he opens his eyes – and a lot of pain in his head. A pair of concerned green eyes are looking over him.
“Hello, Missouri.” Sometimes it takes seeing a person again to realize how much you’ve missed them. He should have done a better job keeping in touch with her.
If they wanted to send him to jail for a long, long time, this was what he deserved. He wouldn’t let the hospital call anyone, but Jody knew Bobby and did anyway.
“I”m not going to lie though. The last few years have been hard. All the things I wanted to share with you. But I miss you and I’m tired of being angry. And I am still so stupidly, inexplicably in love with you. So yes, Dean. I’ll date you.”
As he makes his way into her house, takes off his wet jackets and shoes. She may be a bit greyer in the temples, she has the same twinkle in her eye. She pulls him into one of her impossibly good hugs.
He’s about to dial when he hears the door open and sees Cas come walking in as if it were any other day.
Cas looks victorious, as he crawls up Dean’s body. Kissing him deep and filthy -- Dean can taste himself on Cas’s tongue. He feels Cas stroking himself between them.
Cas washes his hands — he spots an old dent in the wall. They must have been about 14, he and Dean had been fishing when Bobby called them in for dinner and told them to go wash their hands. They were roughhousing when Cas’s elbow went through the thin drywall. It’s not bad for a first patch job. Still, it’s rough, and uneven. Guess Bobby never fixed it, more important things to deal with, no doubt.
Cas can see Dean’s frustration with Sam as the conversation goes on. Clearly he wants this over and done with, but Sam is not letting him off the hook that easily.
“Dean, we have all the time in the world. We don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with slow, remember?”
He rolls out of bed -- his head pounds a bit. Making his way to the bathroom, uses the facilities, spots Dean’s clothes hanging behind the door and one of his spare toothbrushes by the sink. Guess Dean is really here.
“I know all about that, sweetie. Bobby told me. And now you’re back and you’re not sure how to deal with the troubles you’ve been avoiding,” she whispers into his ear.
If Castiel has to listen to Trans-Siberian Orchestra’s version of Carol of the Bells one more time, he is going to smite everyone in   Little Wing Records starting with one perfectly-assed Santa-hat-wearing dancing Dean Winchester.
Dean sees an image of getting Cas ready for his date with Nora and how he looked in jeans. How nervous Cas was. How it killed Dean inside that Cas was trying to build a life without him. He should have said something then. He never should have kicked Cas out, not after everything.
“Counting on it,” Cas says.  And they both blush at their own audacity. “Come on, let’s see what Tony’s has to offer.”
Dean’s not sure what he expects but a gentle touch of lips is not it. It’s tender, and he feels the warm charge of healing energy coursing through him. He sighs happily, letting Cas taste him. The kiss is tender, gentle and kind. Dean is feeling things, emotional things,  and he’s not sure what to do about it. His relationship with Cas was always been tense, hard, and, passionate, all muscles and hard lines, it’s fucking to stave off the end of the world. Dean has tried to keep his heart out of it, but it’s always been more than a quick fuck or a one night stand. Obviously it is, Cas is his best friend. But this kiss, it’s healing but it’s saying so much more. It’s loving. If he’s honest, Dean would tell you that it’s the best kiss he’s ever had. But Dean is rarely honest about these things, especially not to himself.
“I’m going to contact UCLA, Balt. Lawrence is too small and I’ll never be able to get rid of him. And this moment, I’m pretty sure I hate him and I’m stuck here for four more days.”
“There’s is a re-issue this year, on green vinyl. It’s a bit tacky but I’m sucker for it.” A delicate piano version of O Tannenbaum fills the store and Cas feels his tension drop. “Did you know it was recorded in an afternoon and was the biggest hit of Vince’s career? They are playing at The Old Church this weekend.”
The phone rings after breakfast while Dean and Cas are doing the dishes — Cas washes, Dean dries. They’ve touched a total of 28 times since they got up this morning, right now Dean’s arm is brushing against Cas’s. Cas can deal with being relegated to friends, but the mixed messages this morning are frustrating.
But you know that’s not how it happened. They were decorating the living room for their annual New Year’s Party, making sure the tree was secure to prevent a repeat of the unfortunate Ash incident of 2015. A small, if heated, debate arose over whether or not to give people confetti to throw at midnight. Then Cas, ignoring their many discussions about personal space, walked right into Dean’s.
“That’s good you have a support system like that.” Cas sounds like he means it, but there is sadness in his eyes. “What did Lisa think about all this?”
“Oh my god, Cas… the rocket... “  The rocket, aka, the new big wide vibrating sex-toy Dean decided they needed. It’s never been used. Cas isn’t really sure he understands the purpose of the thing, and Dean hasn’t had the chance to explain it yet.
Cas is still not sure, there is the distinct possibility that this some sort of messed up ghost-of-binges-past thing. But he’s a bit more convinced that Dean might actually be in his bed. On his bed, over the blankets... whatever.
Zar’d been kicked out of his family home in his 20s. He’d done some dancing himself in his day, so Dean’s not sure what the issue is.
Cas’s powers may have waned a bit with all that’s happened, but he can usually feel supernatural entities. Right now he feels nothing at all, it feels just like it did before he left— and that is even more troubling. Maybe apparating here used all his juice, but Dean prayed to him seconds ago, what else could he do but come running.
“And of course, he will take one look at you, sniff  your cotton candy and popcorn scent, drop trou and present right there?” As far as Castiel was concerned even a five-minute date with Gabriel should be enough to send anyone running.  “Besides, I thought you’d decided to remain unattached. Something about sharing your gifts with all of weredom.”
“Uuuugh, ’s so bright in here. Can you turn off the ...?” Cas asks feebly as he sort points to the ceiling.
It’s almost two years to the day since he left. Back then, he wasn’t sure he wanted to leave. Right now, he’s not sure he wants to come back. Ottawa hadn’t been his first choice — too far, too foreign. But Dean made it clear he didn’t want him, all of a sudden that became the best thing about it. One drunken romp cost Cas his best friend and the man he’d been in love with since his teens. Physical distance seemed like the best idea, their lives in Kansas too intertwined.
He watches as Cas and Sam exchange hugs. Next up, Cas hugs Charlie, touching her face as he pulls away, he must be wiping away her tears. Cas is good like that. Sam and Charlie get into her car and drive off. Cas looks over his way, seems to give a small wave before getting in his car and driving away too.
“Then what? I’m supposed to remain virginal and pine for you while you drink and fuck your way through every bendy brunette in Kansas. Fuck you, Dean. I made real friends. People who actually care for my feelings and make me feel wanted, sexy and beautiful. Something I certainly needed help with after you fucked off.”
Dean looks like he’s about to say something, but doesn’t. Their eyes meet again, Cas sees anger has given way to confusion. He sees Dean take a deep breath to get rid of the tension in his body.
Dean returns mid-afternoon with a pie. In typical Mildred fashion, she’d fed Dean and sent him home with a treat. Dean sets the dessert down on the counter. Cas is sitting on the couch, wrapped in a blanket, reading.
“You’ve never seen a live strip show and you’re related to the drink-it-smoke-it-or-fuck it twins? How is that possible?”
“Thought I might find you here.” Cas jumps in surprise. He must be distracted. Dean was never one for stealth.
Cas drives back out toward the bridge, he sees someone standing by the barricade in a long police raincoat. They are too tall to be Jody. Cas pulls his SUV beside him, and rolls down the window. The bridge, what’s left of it anyway, is under at least a foot of water.
“These are for the Vince Guaraldi concert on Saturday night. Your shifts have been covered because Chuck fears the unresolved sexual tension between you two will explode in a very un-family-friendly way. I have taken the liberty of booking you a reservation at Tony’s Bistro. The cute little Italian place up the street with the red-checkered tablecloths. I recommend the lasagna.” She points at them . “You two are going on a date.”
Moon meows and snuggles in under Dean’s chin. On Dean’s lap are now four slightly bigger kittens apparently Moon is the cat captain. He looks over to see that Cas has ten more in his lap.
“Good to see you, brother! He’s already there. Warming up or something,” Benny explains. “How come he gets special treatment?”
He just smirked as he arranged his clothing. “You’re up next little brother.  Word to the wise bro, he really doesn’t want to see your knot.”
“If you could set the wood to dry by the side of the house, we can chop it into smaller pieces later. Meanwhile I’ll make lunch for us.”
The road has changed. It looks like Louisiana. Maybe Cajun country. He’d like to see Benny again. If John is here then the vampire with the heart of gold might be too. It’s a weird place this heaven, Dean thinks to himself.
Cas has the smirk he gets when he’s managed to surprise Dean. A cross between “awesome” and “gotcha.”
What a drive. Torrential rains, tornado warnings the whole way here. The customs agent took two hours with the car. And today, zero visibility on the Interstate my eight hour drive took 12. I made it to Kansas, but fear I might end up in Oz before the morning.
“Don’t. Please. It’s a good 20 miles out to the next town and Sam’ll kill me if anything happens to you out there.”
“Damn it, Cas. Not this again. I spent 30 minutes before you got here trying to calm her down…” Dean says, as if all of this is somehow Cas’s fault.
“Dean, Dean, wake up…” Someone was shaking Dean awake and being loud. His head hurt and he wasn’t entirely sure where he was.
Cas should say something, but he can’t right now. He is too angry. He was supposed to be over Dean. That’s what Balt, Ramzey and Carter were about. But now that Dean is here in front of him, his heart aches every time Dean walks by. And good lord, he wishes it didn’t.
Dean doesn’t fully remember why he started drinking that day. He was off work and pissed off about something, but he was always kind of pissed off. He’d pushed everyone away. Charlie told him to call her when he stopped being a rude asshole, Sam was barely tolerating him. And Bobby, well he was the last one hanging on, probably out of some sort of parental responsibility thing.
Cas wakes up to the sounds of birds, and an empty spot beside him in bed. There is nowhere for Dean to go, still he panics momentarily. It’s still too new.
A sudden gust of wind nearly pushes his SUV into the ditch. He clutches the wheel more tightly. There are deep puddles, and he’s glad for his four-wheel drive. He comes to the wooden bridge over a usually shallow creek. His headlights make the water glisten -- they wouldn’t normally, the water level is obviously exceptionally high. Sam wasn’t kidding about flooding. Water droplets splatter over his car, and he feels the bridge sway under the weight of it. This sort of thing doesn’t usually scare him but he’s glad the bridge is only a few hundred yards long.
“I don’t see kids or a fence in the future but maybe a dog or two,” she laughs knowingly. “Let me bring you dessert.”
He starts up Cas’s SUV. He isn’t about new cars, but even he has to admit it’s a sweet ride. He’ll have to take her for a test drive later. Assuming there is a later, he’s still not completely convinced that Cas isn’t going to run away screaming. But at this moment, he’s going to enjoy the anticipation. He parks the car nearer the road.
They end up at the bunker, where Sam gets Miracle. Dean loves that dog, he’s in good hands with Sam. He thinks Miracle can see him, and follows Dean’s spirit around.
“Thanks, Charlie. I think Victor needed to leave early. I’m ok here so why don’t you takes his place.”
“Oh, so you’re pretty sure there’s going to be a next time. Cocky,” Dean pulls Cas closer and grabs his ass. “Damn you’ve been holding out on me, some muscle in that ass.”
“Not forever, Dean. Just for a little bit. The parents need a rest.” Cas hands Dean a kitten and kisses him gently on the forehead. “It’s going to be fine. Trust me. We have faced much greater enemies.”
Cas holds the space and tries to get Dean to look at him, but it’s dark and he’s having a hard time catching Dean’s expression. The lightning streaks across the sky, lighting up the room briefly, Dean’s looking down at his hands like they hold the whole world.
Cas brain comes to a screeching halt. He looks down on to the screen and there is Ramzey on his knees, eyes beaming, his smirk evident. The angle of the video reveals the Enochian tattoo Cas has on his ribs. To anyone else, he could deny that it’s him, but Dean was there when he got it after his mother died. Still Cas is going to give denial the old college try.
A pang of jealousy hits Cas, as he wonders who this Benny guy is -- new best friend? There is a longer pause, then Dean looks at Cas, Dean seems almost surprised to see him there.
“Love, are you sure that was repulsion? You in a soaking wet t-shirt would turn most men gay. Ramzey isn’t wrong, you are beautiful. Why do you think we always ended up in your bed?”
Dean leans in and kisses Cas. Gentle at first, exploring, lips tenderly touching. Cas wraps his hand around the back of Dean’s neck and pulls him in closer. He licks into Dean’s mouth. It’s electric and delicious, Dean smells a spike in cinnamon - Cas’s arousal. It’s tender and questioning, passion restrained. Dean wants Cas naked, in his bed, in him, knotted right now.  But for now he’ll settle for having Cas licking up the scent glands in his neck while his hands find their way under Dean’s shirt.
For one his father is here. He’d hoped to be free from his father’s clutches for good. He might go see his mom, but his dad, well, there are issues and he needs to unpack first. He’ll avoid his dad for the next little while, until he can forgive. He hoped death would wipe the slate clean but it hasn’t. Guess, even in death nothing is tidy, nothing is resolved.
Fine is not how Cas would describe this situation nor the one with his bladder. He catches Dean’s eye and motions to Dean that he’s going to the bathroom. Dean nods.
“If I ever gave you the impression, Dean, that what you do for a living matters to me or means that you are somehow lesser than me, then I owe you an apology. Benny is right. I get to decide what I want, and what I deserve. I think a date sounds like a good place to start. And for all this self-sacrificing you do Dean, I hope you know you deserve to be happy too.”
He pulls the large serving bowl down off the shelf when feels a warm hand on his lower back. Cas. In Dean’s mind the touch is deliberate but yeah, maybe not. Still, he can’t help but lean into it.
Dean isn’t sure why he keep fucking up with Cas. Ok, he knows. He fucks everything up. He desperately wants Cas back in his life, knows it’s best for Cas if friends is all they are. But damn, sometimes his brain goes offline. Like 10 minutes ago, god what is that — forcing himself on Cas or anyone is not cool.
“I’m sorry it took so long. Gollum had to look at rings,” she says, as if that explains everything. “I hope she wasn’t any trouble.”
“Sam and I have better things to talk about than whatever your ‘situation’ is.” He uses air-quotes and feels a bit silly about it. “I meant that it’s been a long drive. Not that I’ll get drunk and throw myself at you again, if that’s the situation in question. I’m going to make myself a cup of tea and turn in for the night.” The silence between them is suddenly louder than the rain hitting the windows of the cabin.
They leave Missouri a generous tip, put on their coats and make their way towards Baby. The evening has gone cold and big fluffy snowflakes are falling from the sky. The Christmas lights from shops give the street a magical glow. Dean and Cas hold hands. Cas playfully bumps into Dean, spinning him around, pushing him against a wall and kissing him ferociously.
All the things Dean loves -- pie and cinnamon buns, and waffles with cinnamon. He fights a sudden urge to crawl into Castiel’s lap and scent Cas’s neck. What the actual fuck, he thinks to himself. He wants to walk up to Cas and nuzzle. Nuzzling is what needy omegas do right before they offer their necks up to their mates. Dean Winchester fucks, is fucked, gives, receives, blows and is blown and he might occasionally give in to a snuggle but he never ever nuzzles. But right now, all he wants is to do is drive his nose into this strange alpha’s neck and nuzzle. And Dean can’t finish the sentence.
There’s still lots of stuff in the back. There are a few frames, he picks one up. It’s a photo of the two of them as kids by the lake, Dean holding up the first fish he ever caught. He puts the photo back. Grabs the next, one, the two of them after Cas’s commencement clinking beer bottles. He’d give anything to have Cas look at him like that again. He’s not sure why he’s surprised that Cas kept them. He’s got tons of pictures at home too. He wants to go through them all, maybe Cas will let him once the storm lets up.
Then Cas, that ridiculous SOB, allows himself to get sucked into the empty to save Dean and tells him that he meant it all along. Cas was in love with him and Dean, well, Dean was in love with Cas, but just wouldn’t let himself admit it. There are any number of reasons for this, he could blame John Winchester’s homophobic views or that as “Daddy’s blunt instrument” he wasn’t supposed to have feelings. Not feelings like this anyway. Or maybe he just didn’t want to face the rejection of the only person he has ever loved like that. Could be, that Dean never really got over the fact that Cas was somehow slumming it with him and that one day the angel would be gone for good. Forever.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean.” Cas shoving Dean out of the way and snapping the laptop shut.  “Are you implying that I’m not hot enough to fuck someone like Ramzey? You know Dean, just because you don’t want me like that, or whatever the fuck you feel for me. Doesn’t mean no one else does.”
Cas can’t help but smile, Dean smiles back. It feels normal for a second. It hits Cas once again just how easy things used to be between them, and just how much he’s missed Dean.
Cas made his way up Dean’s body slowly. Cas gasped in surprise when Dean reached into Cas’s pants first.
“Imagine the team we’d make. Your fabulous good looks, my exceptional brain. We could rule the world.”
“I brought you a flashlight.” He’ll drop off the flashlight and go to his room. Really. But he still can’t quite bring himself to take that last step into the room.
“There are no monsters here, Lyra…” Cas has decided that toddlers are the most frustrating entity he has every come across, why would she want monsters.
The air crackles around him and the flutter he’s never really been able to quiet. It takes a moment. Then slowly two large silver and black wings emerge from Cas’s back. One wing is wrapped around Lyra keeping her warm, her tiny hand wrapped around a few of the silver feathers. The other rests behind Dean on the couch.
Cas is pretty sure he’s dead and this is the afterlife. Dean lowers himself down slowly, Cas gently massaging his legs. It’s so warm inside Dean and tight. Slowly Dean starts to move. Up and down, deep grinds. And Cas is slowly losing his mind. Dean reaches down and starts to stroke himself.
Dean watches as Cas takes off his shoes. He wants to walk up and hug him. Cas looks up at him, like he can’t quite find the right words.
“I remember some things too. It’ll make leftovers we can freeze since we aren’t sure how long we’ll be stuck here.”
I’m really sorry. I didn’t mean for this to happen. He hasn’t been back up there in a long time. Not since the accident.
“You were upset, it happens.” Dean is looking disappointed. “I should go, Bobby will wonder what happened to me. We should get together soon though.”
Cas seems to have regained his composure from earlier. This simply won’t do and Dean resolves to work a bit harder. He gets paid to make clients flustered, he's got this. He peels off his slightly too tight t-shirt and walks toward Cas placing his hands on Cas’s knees gently spreading them apart. The blush is back, is spreading down Cas’s neck as Dean leans forward and undulates to rub his bare chest against Cas. He hears a barely whispered “Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck”.
Dean grabs a towel and wipes himself off quickly then grabs a second towel and kneels before Cas slowly working his way up his body. It feels like an act of worship. All Cas would like to do is take Dean to bed make slow passionate love to him. But, that's not happening tonight. Dean is standing before him, he smiles as he rub the water out of Cas’s hair. Then Dean stops, moves in close and kisses Cas tenderly on his forehead.
“Thank god you’re back. They issued another tornado alert.” Dean says as Cas walks into the cabin. “I was worried.”
“Dean…” Cas puts the little cat down with all the others that have crawled into his lap, and touches Dean’s shoulder. “You’re still hurting from last night. You said you wanted to feel it today, but...”
The night was a celebration of the next phases of their lives. Cas had been accepted into school, Dean was taking on Bobby’s shop. A lot of beer, far too much tequila, and somehow they ended up together in the back of an Uber heading back to his place. He’s not sure how it happened or why, but Dean’s mouth was right there, so Cas kissed him. He’d pulled back quickly in shock, worried about what he’d just done, when Dean leaned forward and  kissed him back. Really kissed him — on the lips, with tongue. Cas was surprised, wondered if they were both too drunk to be doing this.
“No clue what addiction has to do with cutting down trees. But making a cut here will make your life easier.”
“Hey let me… “ Cas wipes off Dean’s chest, and the excess lube from his ass. Then he crawls in behind Dean, wraps himself around him. Dean makes like he’s going to protest, but snuggles in instead. Cas covers them both and hopes that bridge doesn’t open too soon.
“I have nothing left to say to him,” Cas says to Missouri. “I am heading back to the cabin.” He goes to stand but Missouri, busy getting lunch on the table, stops and puts her hand on his shoulder.
The kettle whistles, Dean grabs a tea bag, and Cas’s favourite cup. He fills it before adding some honey and handing it to Cas.
Cas blinks a few times, nods and takes another sip of his coffee. He feels anger bubbling just under the surface. “This is not Dean’s fault,” he mumbles to himself, calming himself with a deep breath before he finally speaks. “How long?”
He thinks about Cas. Cas is wrong. There is no happiness in just being. Not for him. He hopes it will come.
Cas wishes Gabe wouldn’t retell the story where he can hear it, but he’s out of wish lately. Gabe would have a field day if he knew what had actually happened to end his four year relationship with Michael. Yeah, his only friend is this bottle.
“Gabe and Zar are going to kill me for this. You have the job right, like don’t do this because you need the work.”
“Mistakes were made, charges were laid. Rehab ensued. Got 13th stepped, and well that’s it in a nutshell.”
At the time, he’d said he was angry that Bobby had taken over in running the garage again. Truth is, Bobby had to or the whole thing was going to go bankrupt. Dean wasn’t managing, he was always late, rarely there. In fact, his uncle was doing him a solid keeping him on as a mechanic — even though he’d been relegated to mostly oil changes and tune-ups.
“Daddy birb,” she nods and says again. Then she sits in his lap. He’s not sure he’s ever held a human child like this. He can smell the baby shampoo in her hair. He can’t help but kiss her head. Eventually, Lyra drifts off to sleep.
of the windshield wipers beating out a base pattern as if it’s a weird rhythm from an infernal metronome warning him to stay away.
“I’d like to kiss you?” Dean answers the question by closing the space between them and pressing his lips to Cas, gently nipping Cas’s lower lip. He feels Cas smile. Cas tastes like toothpaste and smells like lavender body wash. Dean’s been secretly loving the smell lingering in the air after Cas’s shower. He feels the towel fall to the floor. Cas nuzzles across Dean’s chin, to nip at his earlobe.
There is a pause, where they both just stare. Dean bites his lower lip, Cas watches, licking his own. He wonder if Cas tastes as good as he smells. Then Cas swallows and Dean feels the warm gush of arousal. He hates when that happens. He knows Cas can smell it. Judging by the way, the alpha is blushing, he’s not the only one affected.
“Nah, let’s just get it done. Can we cancel next week? I feel like I need the full Silkwood after Crowley.”
It’s friendly and a bit intimate. If he himself brushes against Dean once or twice, he doesn’t make too much of the fact that neither one moves away. The warm hand on his lower back as Dean leans forward and whispers that he’s going to step away to help a customer, well, that’s just Dean being polite. Castiel isn’t logging every single incident in his mind for a lonely night.
“I’m embarrassing myself here. Like today with the clip with Ramzey, I meant that he’s the lucky one. He gets to be with you. You said he was in school and doing things with his life. That guy should be your kind of man, but damn if I don’t hate him a lot right now.”
A petite blonde woman walks onto the stage, dressed in a weird get-up of white feathers and papier-maché, like some sort of homemade chicken Halloween costume. She’s even wearing yellow fishnet stockings and red high heeled platform shoes.
Dean starts the shower, Cas sits on the toilet. While the water warms he helps Cas get his shirt off. It should be erotic but much to Cas’s dismay, it’s really a bit clinical.
“I don’t know Cas, just hope dessert is on the house.” Cas notes that Dean’s hand is sitting on his thigh. He thinks it looks good there.
Dean leans into kiss Cas. It starts off chaste, just brushing his lips against Cas’s. Honestly, they have an eternity to get it on so why not take it slow. But then Cas sighs, and parts his lips. It’s the most beautiful thing, and Dean can’t resist, he licks into Cas’s mouth, tasting him for the first time. It’s electric. Cas pulls him in closer. Dean feels Cas’s wings wrap around them. He reaches up and touches the feathers. He’d feared they’d be sharp. Weapons. But they are soft, gentle. They move under his touch, alive. Magnificent, incredible. Dean wants to rub his face in them. He realizes he’s pulled away from Cas’s lips.
Cas looks down at his feet, he’s not sure how to explain the last two years or how things have gone sort of sideways with him and Dean. As she pulls away from him, he feels the tears welling up in his eyes. He swallows hard to stop himself from bursting into tears.
“A please might be nice.” But Cas comes over to help, pointing out how to cut through this knot. Dean knows how to solve the problem, he just needs Cas to hold something.
“We don’t have to do any of that though, if it makes you uncomfortable. We can just hold each other under the covers.”
stuck in his head. (So far, he muses, none of what he has seen would bring the boys to yard, even if they didn’t charge.)
Cas takes one last look in the mirror. He’s taken his time in the shower, tidied the scruff on his chin a bit. He grabs his bracelets from the nightstand. He’s not sure why he’s nervous. Last night was amazing, and well, Dean has been sweet and attentive all day. Sex Cas has no issue with, but dating and relationships are kind of new territory.
“Yes, they’re fine staying with us.” Cas is talking to the big cats again. “We can manage for a while. Dean could use a bit of pussy.”
His mom hated Dean the moment she laid eyes on him. Dean was “from the wrong side of the tracks and nothing but trouble”, not good enough for her baby boy. Yeah, gorgeous, green-eyed, fucking beautiful trouble if the latest photos from Sam’s Facebook page are any indication. Cas really hates that his mean conservative witch of a mother was right.
Then he starts on the left leg. KIssing, massaging, nipping. He taps Cas’s legs farther apart and runs his hands up the inner thighs. Cas bucks up a bit, offering Dean his ass. It’s beautiful, slow torture.
Dean picks up one of the bags he’s holding and places it on the island separating the kitchen from the living room.
“What? Oh God no,” Dean laughs. “I asked him why I would want him for a mate and he dropped his pants.” Castiel laughs, deep and long. The tension is broken for a moment.
“Gabriel, please leave!” Castiel says finding his human voice. “Take Charlie to dinner. Dean and I are going to get to know each other.”
“Hmmmm, not what I expected… first one Ravenclaw. Second one probably Gryffindor. Weird for the Milton clan. They could be fun.”
Balt chuckles. “If you really want to run away and come to LA, then that is certainly an option. I am sure the boys will welcome you with open arms. Word of advice, if I may. Resolve things with Dean first, otherwise you’re just going to wonder what could have been. “
“Nah, after the accident I really didn’t come up here much. Lisa wasn’t into roughing it. We decided on a road trips instead saw a bit of the country. She bitched the whole time about that too, said she’d prefer an ‘all inclusive’ beach with drink with frou-frou umbrellas.”
“You could be the one. Your true mate, all growling and bells ringing as you two can’t help but rip each other’s clothes off.”
“Hush, I am giving you both what you really want. Each other. You two lovebirds are going to go to dinner, hold hands, kiss goodnight. Cas, you can show Dean the high thread count of your new sheets. Snuggle. Not a word boys, not a word.”  She gives them the old Vulcan salute, winks, and leaves for the evening.
“The rest,” Dean explains, “is just a bit of bump and grind.” Looking right into Cas’s eyes, he proceeds to do just that. He leans forward as a the song ends and rests his forehead on Castiel’s. Both men are breathless. Dean gives himself a second to calm down before he slowly gets up, puts on his jeans deciding to leave his t-shirt on the floor. He grabs a couple of bottles of water from behind the bar. He hands one to Cas.
“Cas, I fucked up that night. I wanted you forever, I just didn’t know how to say it. Missed you like 30 seconds after I left your place and was too scared to go back. I freaked out when every single dumb thing my dad ever said started playing in my head, about how I break everything I touch, and how I couldn’t do anything right. Even though I knew, guess I still know that you don’t think it’s true. By the time I’d calmed down, I didn’t know what to say to make it better.”
Eventually they clean up and get out of bed. Dean makes Cas pancakes. Cas somehow manages to get syrup all over Dean. Best breakfast ever. Then Dean announces that he needs Cas to stay off the porch so he can get the space ready for their date. Cas retires to his bedroom to get ready. But he hasn’t really ever dated. He lays out five or six items on the bed and he can’t decide.
“Dean, this is lovely.” And Cas kisses his cheek. That makes Dean blush. Cas vows to make Dean blush like that often.
Cas looks right at him, Dean always feels that Cas sees him in a way no one else does.  “You know Dean, I used to be able to tell what you were thinking. Penny for your thoughts.”
“Yeah, been a bit more than a year. I’ll have to keep at it forever. I usually go to AA meetings a few times a week. Helps keeps things in check. But we’re kind of stuck here right now. I tried online but it’s not quite the same. Ended up calling my sponsor, Benny, last night. Hot guy from Louisiana, straight as a rod sadly. But he’s there when I need him. We’ve spoken a lot the last few days.”
He’d been tired on earth, tired of the grind of feeling all the aches and pains from too many hits. Now, in heaven nothing hurts. He checks to find all his scars are gone. He’s back to the body he liked most. Fresh out of hell. He checks his shoulder under his t-shirt. There it is, Cas’s handprint. He places his hand on it. There is a connection there, he knows. Cas is safe doing heaven’s work, as it should be. Jack has fixed heaven. Sam, Dean knows, is living a good life. If he stretches his mind he can see it all unfolding, a wife who may or may not be Eileen (she’s out of focus), a son, the white picket fence, all the trimmings.
“But…” Cas tries to reach up and touch Dean’s face, but the room seems to be rotating of its own volition.
“We’ll get you through this, Cas. I promise,” Dean whispers. Cas looks down. Dean is playing it cool but if the towel wrapped around his waist is any indication he’s not unaffected. “I hope you remember some of this in the morning.”
Cas can’t help but smile. Dean kisses him again. Cas grabs Dean, flips him and presses him to the bed.
“You know you mean a lot to me, Cas. It’s just Dad was right, I fuck up everything, all the good things. It’s better this way. I’m sorry.”
“To whoever is running this joint, I don’t care about Jimmy. I don’t care about Benny. I only care about Cas. So get his feathery ass to me because I need to tell him a few things.”
While some things at the cabin have changed, the speed of the wifi isn’t one of them. The file is taking a long time to download. He walks to the kitchen and fills the kettle and sets it on the stove.
There was so much left unsaid. So much he wanted to say after Cas’s “I love you”, probably things he should have said when he was among the living. It was so complicated there. But it seems silly now. The stupid things that held him away from Cas, from the magic between them. The time he spent worrying about what the very dead John Winchester would think. All the slurs, the ones his dad called Cesar and Jesse. How Dean never defended them. Then he thinks of how Charlie was the most amazing person he’s ever met. He wonders if the original Charlie is here too. God, Dean feels stupid.
“You’ve never pegged me at all, and that’s a damn shame.” Dean waggles his eyebrow suggestively. Cas hates that he feels himself turn a whole new shade of red. It’s going to be one of those days.
He looks up at again, there’s Cas watching him. He ponders changing it to some sort of cheesy love song. He plays to his strengths sings what the crowd wants. After the song, he’ll go talk to Cas, like adults do.
The music starts and well, Becky flaps, thrust and gyrates. Feathers fly everywhere. The three men tilt their heads and frown in unison, not quite understanding what the hell is going on in front of them. Becky spreads her wings and starts to remove her tail feathers by plucking them off one feather at a time.
“We swapped out the bunk beds for a double in there last summer. Not a big deal. I usually end up falling asleep on the couch, anyway. Better for you to be comfy, besides you’ll probably move in there tomorrow anyway. Make yourself at home.”
Which is not to say it had been easy news to receive. Balt insisted on finding Lisa on social media, said he absolutely wanted to see what she looked like. Cas told him he didn’t want to know. But Balt couldn’t resist, then Cas couldn’t help but look himself. It somehow made it real. There was Dean down on one knee, with a ring in his hand in front of this beautiful, dark-haired, perfect woman. They looked like the epitome of the American dream, like the quarterback marrying the cheerleader. Everything Cas could never be, Dean’s spouse, mother to his children, confidant and friend. On some level he felt he should have been glad that Dean had someone to share his life with, but honestly, most of the time he just hoped lightning would take them both out.
“You smell like you’ve already exchanged bites,” Dean says as he shoves Crowley away standing to give himself some much needed breathing room.
“Please. Hear me out. This is hard. I know what Missouri said, what a lot of people have said, so this is me trying. You deserve so much better than me. You deserve some super-smart, hot, perfect guy, who has a good job and can take care of you. Talk about all that religious stuff you keep studying. Not the fucking mess that I am.”
“Tell you what Cas. You’re whole love ‘em and leave ‘em performance sucks ass. I need you. And you’re not here. Turns out, I was right the first time, all angels are dicks.”
He can see the light of the exit up ahead. Soon he’s off the highway onto a deserted rural road. It’s much darker here, but visibility is better without the spray from the other cars and trucks. He turns down the radio and tries to find the usual landmarks, the broken tree and the old shack signalling the hidden road, but the rain and dark make it difficult. In spite of GPS directions, he still manages to miss his turn. He doubles back twice before finally spotting it.
“Cas, you’re going to have to do something. Pick her up. Take her to the living room. Give her some whiskey.”
Cas is really trying to pull himself together. He is a warrior god-damn it, a lawyer, defending the weak from the greedy hands of rich. He can bring big corporations to their knees. What he can’t do is have a loving relationship. He turns around and wraps his arms around Dean. Dean pulls him close. He’s not sure how long they stand like that, but the water is starting to run cold.
“Geez Cas, trying to get us arrested?” Cas unzips Dean’s leather jacket and makes a move for Dean’s belt.
Cas will move away and find someone better, someone who can take care of him the way he deserves. Dean knows that Cas would never be happy with him in the long run, couldn’t be. So he’s watching his best friend pack up his shit and walk out of his life.
“I love porn, Cas, all porn. You know that. Just didn’t expect it.” Dean leans in to get a closer look at the screen. Cas prays for death.  “Whoa, this is you…”
“No, please don’t. Just, they move. I didn’t expect that. And you, you know, have actual feathers.” Cas hates watching Dean struggle for the right words.
“Fine. If this is how you treat your friends, you can lose my number too.” She gets out of the car and slams the door.
The last half hour until the ball drops crawls by, but Cas never really leaves Dean’s side. They end up on the couch in the living room. Cas has his arm across the back of the couch Dean snuggled in close, hand on Cas’s thigh. It feels normal. Right.
“Possible DUI, could you do blood work? I tried the breathalyzer but he passed out. Could a be a concussion though, not sure.”
“I really am, I’m on top just like you like.” Cas looks at Dean seriously a bit more seriously. “Does it always feel like this?”
Cas moves to his left arm and dries that off too. Cas then leans in and whispers in Dean’s ear.“Turn around, let me dry off your back, pants will stay on for now. I promise.”
Soon Cas joins Sam, also holding a box. They seem to be discussing the best way to get it all to fit. Cas decides to put his on the back seat. Dean is sure he could pack it better, actual 3D Tetris he has always been good at, but it’s best he stay away from Cas. For now, forever. So he just sits in his car, absent-mindedly tapping out the beat to Ramble On on the steering wheel. Trying not to obsess over what the rest of his life will look like without the only person who ever really understood him.
fill the room, it feels like a bold choice for a dancer like Cas and in that get up. But fuck, it’s one of Dean’s favourite songs. Dean’s own audition had been to a much more thematically appropriate
Dean knows upsetting the balance they have is risky because Cas could decide that he doesn’t want any of it if Dean has Feelings. Dean would lose it all and he really can’t deal with that. So it’s been this kind of Schrödinger's relationship limbo— except now he’s opened the box. By kissing Cas on those amazing always slightly chapped lips.
“Cas, my friend, good to see you.” Garth, one of the areas ridiculously friendly local cops, leans into the SUV. Cas is grateful for the barrier — Garth likes to hug. “Welcome back man, it’s been a long time. How was Canada? I always wanted to go up there.”
Castiel looks nervous but nods. He hands his phone to Dean and makes his way to the stage. Cas adjust his pants, shirt and tie. “I’m not sure I can top you...”
They are both silenced by shouting and the door flying open. “Ok, ok, I’ll go. I swear my dick is the longest in the land. Casa Erotica 6 buddy, if you want to see it in action.”  Gabriel hobbled out with his belt unbuckled and his shirt untucked.
But Sam doesn’t hear, he doesn’t look too hard for Dean either. This is a good sign. Dean is ready for his next act. Part of him had hoped to see Cas when he died. Hoped he’d stand there in that stupid trenchcoat. “Hello, Dean. I’ve been waiting for you.” But no dice. Even death is disappointing.
As he crests the hill, he sees a kneeling bare-chested Cas doubled over. He is too late, it’s like a worse case scenario. Swallowing hard through the pain, he dashes over.
“It is a stack of logs. Pretty sure I can do this even if it’s not up to your standards. It’s just wood, Dean.” Cas stands tall, clearly pissed off, and takes a few steps towards Dean. Dean is taller, but furious Cas is a force to be reckoned with.
“I am sorry, Dean. My friend Ramzey is a bit of an exhibitionist, I didn’t realize what it was. I’ll move to the bedroom, not everyone is comfortable with amateur gay porn. My apologies.”
Cas leaps onto Dean’s lap, tickling him. Soon, Cas has Dean pinned and making out ensues. That may be why they don’t hear the door open.
“Ok, Novak, you’ve got this,” he says out loud to himself, but really he doesn’t. He pulls himself to standing long enough to  grab his toothbrush and toothpaste off the vanity. Then plops back down on the toilet. Damn. Slowly he takes the cap off the toothpaste, puts some on the brush, and does his thing. He only gags a bit, but counts it as a win. He grabs the water off the edge of the bathtub and manages to stand long enough to spit into the sink.
He sees the fish jumping. It’s the perfect day. Maybe they are all perfect. Too perfect… maybe this isn’t heaven at all. Maybe this is some sort of hell where you get to have everything you want except for the one thing that you need to make it worthwhile, and being forced to watch everyone live their bliss.
In Ottawa, the past wasn’t holding him back. There was no Sam whispering “he’ll come around,'' an empty promise as it turned out. No Gabe wanting to set him up on Grindr. Ottawa allowed Cas to just be, and with license to do whatever the hell he wanted that’s exactly what he did.
“I think you’re my new guilty pleasure,” Cas purrs into Dean ear, grinding up against him. A car horn sounds.
Doubting his powers of detection, he gets out his angel blade. It’s been almost a year since he last needed the weapon -- ten months, two weeks and five days to be exact. It feels normal in his hand. It’s his heart and mind that struggle providing a vivid flashback of that damned day and of what happens when Cas lets his guard down. Just like he did today. He grips the blade more tightly as the scene plays out.
“Not worth that much.” Dean wants to know more about Cas’s boyfriends. But not really any of his business. Cas raises an eyebrow and smirks. “Out with it then.”
And that’s the weird thing he’s been trying to put his finger on. JD was Dean’s usual coping mechanism for all things emotional and difficult.
“Castiel, Angel of the Lord, snookums, lovey dovey hun pooh, where in this marvelous universe are you?” Dean smirks as he  prays.
Dean sets the feather aside and goes back to work. From top to bottom, bottom to top through the rows around the fine bones that hold everything together. He spends hours re-arranging the bottom feathers. Cas is very still and the kittens are snoring quietly in his lap. Dean feels the gentle contented purr coming from Cas. Once he finishes the right he moves to the left.  He moves to the front, when the right wing sweeps him in closer to Cas. It’s gentle yet firm. Then the other wraps around him. He’s wrapped in a cocoon of Cas’s wings. Cas opens his eyes and smiles.
“I will talk and you will listen. Then I will leave you two stubborn boys alone to sort out this mess.” She starts to clear the table, but Dean and Cas are on it before she can. Cas refreshes everyone’s sweet tea and Dean grabs the tin of cookies that lives on her counter.
And the conversation goes on easily like that as they make up for lost time. They fall back into their old patterns. Cas is reminded again how much he likes Dean. It’s like old times,except for Cas’s foot resting against Dean’s calf. Cas knows it won’t always be this easy. It’s new they’re both still healing from the past two years.  But for now, it feels so good and so right.
“Nasty out there,” Dean says. Cas just nods, he’s soaked to the bone and, in spite of it being warm in the cabin he shivers again.
Minus Cas, of course, who could maybe explain to Sam why Dean’s death is fair, and that Dean is truly ok with dying. Hopefully Cas will be there to comfort the grieving, unseen.  He wonders how Sam feels about being the last man standing.
“Sadly no, I took a boat over. Jody’s due to swing by later to do the rounds and check on everyone in terms of provisions. Let me know if you need anything. Ain’t no way out. Time to curl up with a good book and enjoy a bit of quality down time.”
The moment he realizes he’s bored with driving he finds himself by a lake. It’s got a long narrow pier. He recognizes it from a dream. He knows the water is warm, and that if he wants a fishing rod, it will appear, and he’ll catch small-mouth bass on his first cast. He knows that if he decides he wants company he just has to send some sort of general invite into space.
“Deeeeeeaaaaan, you gotta come sing Wanted Dead or Alive for us…” Jo Harvelle, is beyond drunk yet somehow still standing. “It’s a tradition.”
Cas, did you pack your ruby slippers? I hear home is where the cute boys are. We need help christening the new mattress.
Seriously though, putting my counsellor hat on for a sec. Lawrence isn’t a big town and you guys know a lot of the same people, might be good to get some closure. Maybe have a conversation.
“Well, the bridge is out and it’s raining. Seems I have nothing but time.” Cas smiles, and Dean stomach does a little flip flop. God, he fucked things up with him, more so than with anyone else. And he wishes he could have him, but if there is one thing John Winchester was right about, it’s that Dean doesn’t get to have what he wants.
“What the hell is your problem?” Cas is glaring at him in a way that shouldn’t be so attractive. But Dean started this fight and damn it he’s going to finish it.
He feels Dean slowly run his hand up his right calf. Rough worker’s hands, followed by the soft scruff of Dean’s beard as he kisses, licks, and nips his way up Cas’s outer thigh. It’s slow, reverent. He uses both hands to massage the thighs.
Cas smiles, Dean wants to tell him that being able to look at him and know it’s ok might be the best part of the evening. Cas kisses him again, gently, then leaving a trail of kisses, nips and bites along his jaw, up his neck to his ears. He can’t find the words. He wraps his arms around Cas pulling him closer. He feels a bead of precome on his thigh that isn’t his own. Guess he doesn’t need to worry that Cas isn’t into this, somehow that’s a relief.
“I miss you, Cas. I love you. I am in love with you. I don’t want to do this without you,” Dean tells the night sky.
Dean was expecting a crushing kiss, instead Cas is gently running his hand down Dean’s cheek. His blues eyes looking longingly into Dean’s. Dean feels naked, he turns his head and kisses Cas’s hand, nipping at his thumb.
The rhythm of the wipers is a weird counterpoint to the end of the NPR Tiny Desk Concert podcast playing in Cas’s car. He’s not sure who the singer is, but his voice is grating, and it’s making him anxious. He blames the music, but it could be the rain that hasn’t stopped since he left three days ago, or this unending journey back to Kansas, or the fact that every song from Ottawa, Ontario to Ottawa, Kansas reminds him of how he left things with Dean.
“Come on… “ Cas said as he grabbed Dean’s hand and pulls him into the bedroom. He catches a glimpse of uncertainty in Dean’s eyes. Cas had to be sure, so he asked again.
Truth is Castiel really doesn’t want to be an afterthought. Eight hours of snarky Dean at work is enough for anyone. He is going to go home, pour himself a glass of wine put on the latest Snarky Puppy album and forget about what Dean’s deep rumble of a voice does to him.
Soon his rhythm becomes erratic as he paints Cas’s chest -- and Cas comes a few quick thrusts later.
Panicked, he disapparated from the grocery store, not putting down the ice cream in his hand. He realizes he’s still holding it. He walks into the kitchen. Things are messy in here too. All the bottom cupboard doors are open and the pots are stacked on the floor. The stockpot holds the dried kidney bean Dean refused to try. There are a pair of spoons next to them, and a mashed banana on the counter. Dean hates bananas. They never have bananas. Cas can’t figure what the fuck is going on. He leaves the ice cream on the counter.
“Cas, whatever you’re thinking, stop,” Dean gently licks Cas’s scrotum. “I love,” Dean takes a testicle into his mouth. “Sucking.” A pop and release. “Dick.” With that he’s takes Cas in deep.
Cas nods, another fantasy blown to shreds. A moment later, Dean joins him and helps Cas up. “Let’s do this,” Dean grabs the soap. “Ok?” Cas nods. “You aren’t really stable so you might want to hang on to me."
Cas is moving in closer, shivering a bit, the room is a bit cold. Dean picks up Cas’s shirt off the floor and wraps him in it, Cas smiles. Dean kisses his way up Cas’s neck.
“I suppose good luck is the right thing to say, but you know how degrading I find all this. For all of us.” Castiel said a bit louder than he’d intended. “I don’t even want a mate let alone in this sort weird game show environment.”
There are things he always wanted to do when he was alive. Concerts he never attended. Could he see the band Kansas play in the Roadhouse for him? Would that accidentally kill the band? If he wanted Zeppelin or something, would poor Robert Plant drop dead? (It occurs to him that Jimmy Page is probably some sort of monster that needed ganking, but dude was brilliant on the guitar.)
“How long as it been? No call. No email.” She says with a bit of teasing in her voice as she gently swats his arm.
Dean sits down, playing with the wing now wrapped around him. Running his fingers through feathers. Cas hums, content for the first time today.
“A week if it stops raining, maybe a bit longer. Depending on when they can get the replacement here.”
“Cas look at me,” Dean says. “This is not your fault. You deserve someone loyal, who loves you and who goes weak in the knees when you say hello. Come on, let’s get you dried off. It’s late, we should get you back to bed. It'll do you some good.”
Cas wishes he had more small talk in him. Sam’s voice on the end of the line was soothing. He starts a David Tennant podcast, he’s talking to Michael Sheen. They sound like old friends. It’s endearing. It doesn’t remind him of Dean, much.
“Wasn’t sure if you two were going to punch each other or rip each other’s clothes off,” Charlie says handing him a few more records to look over.
It’s now currently 11:15 and Dean is surprisingly sober. Not drive Baby kind of sober, but certainly sober enough to help poor Kevin to Cas’s room. Games of alcohol are Ash’s thing and poor Kevin never stood a chance. Best to let the poor guy lie down for a few hours.
“Of course, they do. Just because they were born in trash doesn’t mean their mom didn’t named them all and teach them a thing or two.”
“With a performance like that, I now know why sexy left in the first place,” Balthazar counters. “No one is going to pay to see him get naked.”
“But that’s not why I called. Charlie, Gabe and I were thinking of heading off to the cabin this weekend. Inviting the gang, bit of a welcome home thing.”
Cas will never understand how humans evolved to become so ridiculously complicated. Honestly, he’s at a loss. Truth be told, he’s still shaken by the prayer earlier and all he wants is to clean up this mess and either hold Dean forever or zap himself to that remote fjord in the Alaskan wilderness and wait for the end of the world.
Dean finds himself standing outside the Roadhouse, it’s heaven. Bobby waves him over. It’s good to see him. This is his Bobby, the man who was more of a father to him than his one. Dean’s relieved it isn’t John.
“Where were we? Right, your stubbornness and the pain in your ass,” Cas shakes his head. “Dean, you know how much I can hurt you. That wasn’t my intention last night. I love taking you apart but I need you to let me put you back together too.”
Dean isn’t sure when it happened, but Cas is suddenly behind him, a bit too close. He ponders turning around and kissing Cas again. Just to shut Lisa up.
“Yeah for sure we can come and help.” He sticks his tongue out at Cas. “Bobby’s chainsaw is around here somewhere.”There is a dramatic pause.
“You’re lucky no one else was hurt — saving fucking assholes like you is NOT what I signed up for,” the paramedic said as he jabbed a needle into Dean’s arm. Dean deserved this pain too, so he just looked away. “Fucking always picking up the pieces of innocent lives after people like you wreck them.”
“I think I’ll go for a drive,” he finally says to Bobby, as he looks over to the Impala. He fakes a bit of a smile. There is hope, if nothing else. If Cas helped Jack with this, that means he’s out of the Empty. He’s here, somewhere.
“Well, you do have wings.” Dean goes for levity. “You sure there aren’t any nephilim of yours floating around.” Cas hates it when he throws things like this out there.
Dean looks up at Cas and kisses him hard. Placing his hand behind Cas’s neck and pulling him close, controlling their motion. He lets go when he feels Cas’s fingers poking into the waist of his pants. He snaps the band of his boxer-briefs.
Cas moves his legs behind him in a move that seem anatomically impossible. Fucker is bendy. Before Dean realises it, lost in Jimmy Page’s screaming guitar solo, Cas is standing before Dean, as he languidly unzips his pants.
Dean remembers how the physical labour of building the pyre felt good. The way his hands would get blisters from the ax, the way the smell of gasoline would linger on his skin for days. A small way to remember the dead -- a reminder to grieve. He never got that chance when Cas got sucked into the empty.
Dean melts a bit, it’s the best thing he’s seen in a long time. He can do this, he can be friends with Cas. He knows it’s not exactly what he wants but Dean Winchester does not get good things — therapy and AA haven’t erased that last legacy of John’s, but he vows to do right by Cas.
“Dean, can I ask you a question?” Oh god here it comes. This year has been a shit show, might as well find out now that Cas doesn’t feel the same way and move on with things.
Cas,the fucker, chooses that moment to grind into him. God, he’d forgotten how much loves the feeling of a hard dick against his own. Cas in control is all kinds of sexy.
Then in a move he’s not fully sure he understands, Cas pulls Dean onto his lap. Dean is trying really hard to keep it family-friendly and above the belt. But with Cas’s mouth nuzzling on his neck and thoughts of how good that will feel in this inner thighs, Dean is quickly forgetting lot of things, including that there are other people around. He’s making to unbuckle Cas’s belt.
Even if he escapes this and he finds some way back to civilization, he is still going to have to find his way back here to get his car and his things. He knows it will result in some sort of Winchester intervention. And the last thing he needs is more fucking Winchester drama in his life. A simple life, nice house, job he likes and friends whose very presence don’t remind him every single day of how he let Dean get away..
Cas has heard banshees with less lung power. Maybe he’s wrong, maybe she is more demon that she seems. He gently touches, her forehead. Just an loud, incomprehensible tiny human. Great. Dean seems to understand this request.
“It can wait.” Cas takes a deep breath, doesn’t let go of Dean. He stands up, blanket falling at his feet so they are eye to eye.
“I wondered that too,” says a very gleeful Missouri. “Danced around each other for months, making each other crazy. Lord. The bill has been handled. I expect there are places you two would rather be.”
“Deep breath, Winchester. You got this. Act normal. Nothing doing. Just pretend like everything is perfectly normal. Because it is totally completely normal. Things are FINE,” he mumbles to himself. He also knows that shit’s not fine.
Castiel chuckles. Gabriel is about to chime in but Charlie shakes her head and grabs his arm. “Handmaiden, you sure you’re ok?”
This time, though Cas’s eyes are locked on Dean as he does. Sam calls this thing they do eye-fucking. Dean thinks Cas is just awkward and Dean likes to look into Cas’s baby blues. He also knows that if they hold it too long his stomach does a happy little flip flop. It is possible that Sam might be onto something.
Cas nods as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. And Dean is suddenly very jealous of little Kai snuggled up on Cas’s shoulder. He runs his hands down Cas’s back. “Do they see the true visage or this vessel?”
“I drove Baby into a tree, just this side of the bridge. I haven’t been back much since then. It was totally my fault, some things were just really hard after you left.”
