"Hey buddy, have a nice nap?" Peter asks as he picks him up and places him on his lap. Tony nods and leans back against Peter's chest. "Is Steve still asleep?" Another nod. "You want to help me with my homework?" Another nod. Okay then, not so talkative today.
Tony simply shrugged and took a sip of his coffee as he stared at his disgusted teammates. He didn't even have to look at Steve to know that his boyfriend was probably still bright red and wishing for the ground to swallow him up.
Steve's grinning like a loon with tear filled eyes while Toni was tucked in to his side as they faced their entire family.
"So perfect, Tones. Our little guy is finally here," he agreed in complete awe as he grabbed at a tiny hand.
"Wasn't hungry. Miss daddy," she says quietly and Peter closes his eyes to keep his tears back. It wasn't fair. She was six, almost seven, and she'd have to grow up without her dad around. Life could really be cruel sometimes.
"Did you have fun at Steve's, Peter Panda?" Tony asked his son as he drives them back home, the child sitting happily in his car seat and making his plush panda bear dance across his lap.
"Um, did you not hear? Peppermint mocha's are back. Of course I'm late because of Starbucks, Steve-o," Tony replied with a grin, pouting as Clint steals his coffee and takes a sip out of curiosity.
"Your idea of a prank is pretty obscure," Natasha reprimands the genius in a soft tone, lips twitching into an amused smirk.
"I want to hate you, you know? I really do but I can't bring myself to do so." Peter shrugs as he looks over at Steve who's taken off his suit jacket and undone the black tie so it just hangs there around his neck. His eyes are red rimmed and there are dried tear tracks on his cheeks and Peter guesses he looks about the same as him. "Dad always said it was because I don't have a single bad bone in me." He chuckles sadly and shakes his head. "And maybe that's true, but after everything that's happened, I'm just too exhausted to even think about wanting to hate you. You and dad both made mistakes all those years ago when the Accords came into play and your biggest flaw in your relationship was never being able to talk and listen to each other."
"You don't get to tell us what to do," the other boy told Tony, shoving him back a tiny bit and Tony stumbled with the force.
"He's like our guardian angel now?" Morgan asks curiously, not quite able to understand the concept of death yet though she knows that people die even if its meaning is a little confusing to her. And Peter, under very different circumstances, would have snorted because their father wasn't religious and he would have scoffed at the idea of guardian angels.
They hang up a few minutes later, Steve with 'I love you' on the tip of his tongue and Tony sounding like he wanted to say something else before just saying goodbye.
Loki rolls his eyes, but leans down and gives his shorter boyfriend a soft, teasing kiss. It wouldn't be enough to hold Tony for however long Loki was gone, but it was enough to keep him waiting and looking forward to his return anxiously.
"What is there to explain?" Tony asks them as Loki's arms come to wrap around the shorter man's shoulders. "My boyfriend is sometimes a girlfriend and it was fucking hilarious to see your reactions when you thought I was cheating. Which, ouch by the way. I'm as loyal as they come."
"Maybe I should stay," Peter tells Bucky who returned from checking up on Steve who was still pretty much dead to the world. Tony had both his arms wrapped around Peter's neck, holding on tightly and hiccuping every few seconds.
Bruce only smiles at that and pats Thor's back and briefly wonders if Thor was trying to make up for all the time he neglected that role of an older brother. It was endearing though to see him frowning and trying to keep an eye out for his baby brother.
"What the hell are you doing, Stark?" Natasha asks angrily as she stares between the woman and the genius, the latter who frowns in confusion while the woman's eyes glint with mirth.
"Boys!" Natasha shouted and the toddlers immediately stopped arguing though Tony kept crying. "Why are you fighting?"
Tony, for his age, actually ends up helping Peter with his math homework. The little guy had seen a mistake the teen made and quickly pointed it out. Peter, once the shock had passed, did as his little boss said and it earned him a big smile from Tony. And when Steve walked in a few minutes later, Peter pouted a little as Tony got off his lap and walked over to the blonde toddler.
"Hey, anytime you need me for anything, I'm here for you," Steve replies honestly as he wraps an arm around Tony to pull him into a hug.
"I am a Jotun, I technically have no gender. I can be a woman, a male or even a cat if I so desired. I just prefer to be in this form more than any other," Loki explains plainly as he sits casually on the counter with Tony standing between his legs, definitely not going to let go of the mage any time soon. "I could be Captain America even if I wanted to."
Tony nodded as if to confirm Steve's statement and Peter couldn't help but to ruffle their hair, earning twin shrieks of laughter and tiny hands swatting his much bigger ones away. So Peter sits with them, helping Steve build a whole city now, until Loki walks into the room and Tony rushes over to the mage who smiles warmly and lifts the three year old up into his arms.
"They don't remember us. Seems that their last memories include people who are no longer alive," Natasha replies a little sadly. "But for some reason Steve still has the serum."
"You just noticed?" Bruce asked in a bored tone as they all follow Tony inside the warm place, desperate to get out of the cold.
Immediately the rest of the Avengers began to cheer in excitement and ask a million questions while congratulating the happy couple. Toni basked in the excitement and let herself be hugged by everyone; Pepper, Rhodey and Happy holding her a little longer than the rest.
"Can someone please explain what's happening here?" Peter begged the rest of his family who all shared looks wondering who was going to be the one to tell Peter. "Really. Any one of you would be good."
"I'll show you confidence later," Steve whispers in her ear and Toni grins as she turns to give her boyfriend of nearly four years a heated look.
"Have Banner and Lang been able to get anything from the alien tech?" Thor asks once the toddlers are gone and he and Loki take a seat at the table with the others, the blonde keeping a suspicious eye out on his brother and Bucky who are sitting next to each other.
"Just one more big push, Toni!" Her doctor encouraged as she looked up from between Toni's legs. "Nearly there! Just one more and you'll have your little one."
"Come 'ere," Bucky said softly, ignoring Tony's sudden bad mood and arranged them on the couch so Bucky was laying on his back and Tony was tucked safely into his side and the back of the couch.
"Baby? You okay?" Steve asks as he tries looking at Tony, eyes trying to adjust to the soft blue light coming from a corner of the room.
"True, but I would miss this Tony too much if he ever got lost," Steve replies with a smile, gaze still locked on Tony's as he pulls the shorter man into his arms. "Thanks Nat, I'll make sure my favorite genius doesn't get lost."
Steve immediately stopped mid conversation to look at them, his eyes landing on Tony's and expression immediately going soft. For a moment Tony even stops brooding, but then Sharon just has to open her big mouth to get Steve's attention back on her and he's just really close to grabbing Steve by the neck and making out with him right then and there.
Tony cried and cried each and every time Peter went to either put him down on the couch or hand him off to Bucky. When Peter checked the time, he knew that if he left now that he would be at least five minutes late to his first class, but he really didn't want to leave Tony like this.
"At least he's happy now and that's all that matters," Steve tries to see the brighter side of the situation just so they stop making fun of Tony.
Now though, ever since the first holidays they spent together as a team, Toni likes to keep things quiet and simple. For New Year's it'll just be them six plus Pepper, Rhodey and Happy while they eat lots of take out and drink cocktails that Natasha would prepare for them and they'd watch the fireworks from the balcony. Toni loved it and especially now that her and Steve were together and so what if the team had grown by a few members by now? It was still family and there was no better way to spend tonight than at home with the ones she loved.
this is the last of my pre written chapters, so your requests will be fulfilled and out starting next month :)
"Nothing yet. Guess we have more hope for Thor returning with Loki soon than we have of Strange coming in," Natasha informs the metal armed soldier who nods.
"Stevie okay?" Tony asked the blonde who nodded and even offered Tony a smile. Tony, seemingly satisfied with that answer, smiled back and grabbed Steve's hand before leading him back to the living room where the sounds of their Lego blocks being dumped on the ground were heard.
Tony covers his giggles with his hands at Peter's dramatic gasp before curling back up on Steve's lap.
It takes Steve a few seconds to respond, but once the news settles in, he kisses her eagerly and then picks her up and spins her around excitedly which makes Toni squeal in surprise.
"Hey, Morgan. Thought you were eating," Peter says as he pulls the small girl onto his lap once she reaches him and holds her to his chest.
Strange simply looked at his boyfriend with a raised eyebrow and Tony would have smacked the look off the man he loves, but that meant getting out of his cozy little nest. He motioned for the Cloak and was very satisfied when it did the job Tony couldn't.
"He's fine, Tones, it just hurt him a little and probably scared him, but he's not hurt, okay?" Peter tried to reassure Tony who looked seconds away from crying now that the adrenaline had left him. "You did a good job defending him, I'm proud of you."
"They push Stevie!" Tony told the teen who picked up Steve and inspected the toddler for any cuts that might need his immediate attention, but only found the small scrapes on the palms of Steve's hands.
"Now we really know that our best friends do the dirty," Rhodey informs Bucky who nods but they're both smiling this time instead of grimacing in disgust like earlier.
Tony hadn't had the best day and honestly, all he'd wanted was to come home and cuddle up with his boyfriend after three long meetings at SI and many arguments with the latest StarkPad update that had left Tony with quite a headache, but he'd gotten home not even an hour ago only to find Bucky watching that annoying yellow sponge and why the hell was Tony so cold?
"Boys, sit. Wanda made a tater tot casserole," Natasha instructs them as she finished setting plates on the table.
hopefully i can have more consistent updates with this story, especially now that i ended up adding more chapters so yeah, that's what i've been doing all quarantine aside from watching Grey's Anatomy and movies😂😂
"And just before the day ended too," one of the nurses speaks up as she looks away from the clock. "Made it just before the clock struck twelve."
"No." Toni rolls her eyes as she stands on her tip toes to wrap her arms around his neck while his wrap tighter around her waist to pull her closer.
"He's perfectly fine, Pete. Bruce checked them both and they're healthy and all. Your dad's always been small, no matter what he says," Clint reassures the teen and Wanda hides her giggles. "But yeah, yelling and loud noises in general are a no go with the tiny genius, so we gotta keep it peaceful around here."
"Wow, that hurt," Peter jokes. "At least pops isn't here to give his 'I am disappointed in you' look."
Once all three kids were changed into their pajamas, Peter carried both toddlers down to the communal floor where the other Avengers were already seated and waiting with various snacks.
Maybe it's not the happy ending they deserved or wanted, but the world definitely felt safer now and they had their dad to thank for that.
Steve's not sure he heard right. Is Tony asking him to look after Peter day and possibly nights? Is that even a good idea when they haven't met?
"No thank you," Steve replies as he goes over to the toy box, amazed by all the toys inside. It was pretty obvious that he was no longer in 1921 because everything looked so different, but he didn't fully comprehend that it also meant that his mother was very obviously no longer alive.
"Maybe, maybe no." Peter shrugs and then proceeds to giggle again which makes Steve laugh and wrap one arm around the three year old.
Steve gets Peter. He'd be pretty awkward staying with someone he just met and Steve's never really been around kids much. None of his close friends have kids and Tony was the first guy he'd dated that has one, so he's not even sure how to interact with one or what to talk about with Peter.
"Pe'er! Play!" Tony shouted happily once his eyes landed on the teen who grinned and walked over to join them on the ground.
"Lo's of fun! He's silly, daddy," Peter replies in between giggles and Tony can't help but to glance up at his son through the rear view mirror.
"Can we get an explanation? I feel like my brain just exploded," Clint interfered with the siblings' bickering as he moved to pour himself a cup of coffee.
Natasha enters the room not even a minute after JARVIS had informed the team and is immediately at Toni's side, helping her off the bed while Steve grabbed her cozy slippers so she could slip them on.
Tony only keeps crying and he's shaking which makes Steve think that he probably had a nightmare. He's not even sure what to do. His ma usually sang him back to sleep when he had a nightmare and- and he misses his ma. He doesn't know where she is or why he's with so many strange people. Sure they're nice and he's got baby, but he wants his ma back to hold him and sing him back to sleep. She always made him feel safe and warm.
Peter looks up at the others who nod and so the teen hands off his dad (wow isn't that weird) to his pops (yeah that's not awkward at all) who hugs Tony to his chest and the smaller child happily cuddles into the blonde, closing his eyes and relaxing completely. Peter watches with wide eyes, surprised that even as kids their bond was still so strong and Steve was still so protective of Tony.
"There's a fucking reason why we have a communal floor, assholes! Some people don't like being woken up at ungodly hours!" Tony shouts angrily as he steps into the kitchen where he finds Steve and the rest of the team sitting around the table, all of them looking at Tony with various mixed looks of surprise and shock. "Some of us actually work you know and I like to take advantage of my one day off."
Thor snorts as he moves to sit at the island while Steve and Natasha share a look that borders on relieved now that they know that they didn't in fact catch Tony making out with a strange woman while his boyfriend was away.
"There's five minutes left until the new year starts, bitches!" Clint shouts excitedly and more than a little drunk. "Let's hope for a less villain infested year."
Steve's kept busy with his two pancakes which he drenched in syrup and ate happily, something he obviously couldn't do the first time he was a kid. Peter would have been a little concerned had the kid not had his super soldier metabolism. He'd leave the others to deal with his sugar high while he dealt with a clingy Tony.
"Mhmm. Is baby sleeping?" Steve asks quietly as he looks over at Tony who had his thumb in his mouth and looked completely peaceful as opposed to a few minutes ago.
Steve looking after his boyfriend's kid (who he's never even met) while Tony goes off on a last minute business trip
"What's going on?" Peter shouted anxiously as he ran into the living room, wiping away excess peanut butter on his jeans. "What happened?!"
"I done!" Steve announced awhile later before climbing down from his seat and rushing off to go play.
Steve misses the wide eyed look Bucky gives him, instead focusing on his ice cream and looking over at Peter whose face is covered in ice cream.
"Does he really miss Loki so much as to go and find his twin?" Clint asks him and Natasha quietly as he stares between Tony and the woman.
"He looks like the heart eyes emoji," Clint points out with a mouthful of cereal that makes Sam grimace.
So Peter does his best to move the kids without waking them, but it's impossible with how they're both on top of him and Tony's still clutching his shirt tightly.
"Would ya look at that. Looks like they did some bondin' these last three days," Bucky says in amusement as he stands next to Tony who doesn't understand his sudden urge to cry. Bucky meanwhile takes his phone out to take a picture and then leaves, Tony too caught up on the scene in front of him to hear what the other said.
Natasha, having noticed, simply rubbed the three year old's back in hopes of calming him down. Peter walked into the room and raised an eyebrow at all the things they'd gotten his tiny dads. Ugh, this situation was weird and once the children were back to normal, it was only bound to get weirder.
"I would if he didn't wake up the second he was no longer in my arms," Peter replies, hearing Tony let out a soft sigh in his sleep and his little fingers curled tightly around the teen's shirt as if to prove his point. "See? It's like he knows we're talking about him." Peter whispered and Natasha rolls her eyes fondly.
"Can we?!" Steve asked them excitedly, his tiny arms still around Tony who no longer looked seconds away from crying.
The sound of footsteps made Peter sit up straight though his spidey senses didn't indicate that he was in any danger. It didn't mean he relaxed though, not even when Steve Rogers appeared in his line of sight and took a seat next to him on the bench he'd been sitting on just staring out at the lake.
"Okay," Peter agrees and wraps his arms around Steve's neck when the man goes to get him off his lap so the blonde smiles instead and carries him towards his room, leaving behind Tony who was left staring after the two in complete happiness.
"Oh dear, it seems they do not know who I am. Anthony, have you not told them about me?" The woman asks, a British accent just like Loki.
Tony cuddles into Peter, clutching at the teen's shirt and sniffling. Peter motions for Steve to join them on the bed and the little blonde gladly gets up and cuddles into Tony's other side. It's not long before both boys are fast asleep and Peter himself starts to nod off.
"How long have they been like this?" Loki questioned the team as he placed a glowing hand gently on the toddler's head, taking advantage of Tony's distraction to do this.
"Lay off on pizza," Clint replies with a slight groan as he tosses a half eaten slice into an empty pizza box.
"Coming," Peter calls as he quickly finishes the rest of his food before heading towards Loki and taking the three year old into his arms. "Ready for a nap, kiddo?"
"Oh man up. They're always doing things for you," Sam informs the teen who wrinkles his nose. "Besides, you'll be the one to take care of them once they're old, so start practicing."
"I watch Baymax," Tony says quietly, but quickly changes his answer to dragons when Steve looks up at him with teary blue eyes and Peter sighs. "Baymax," Tony mumbles sadly and it definitely shouldn't break Peter's heart as much as it is considering they've seen Big Hero 6 about a dozen times since his dads were turned into toddlers, but Tony did get to chose the movie during their last movie night.
"I love you too, sweetie. You have no idea what you've done to me," says Steve in an awe filled voice as he stares at Tony like he hung the moon and the stars and all of the planets. "Pretty sure I fell in love with you the minute I saw you even though I didn't know it yet. I mean, I probably knew but was just too scared to admit it thinking it was too soon to say so."
Tony shrugs at that and lets Peter rinse off the shampoo from his hair, leaning completely into the teen's gentle hands. Peter found himself smiling despite the awkward situation as he finished rinsing off both toddlers.
Tony cried and cried each and every time Peter went to either put him down on the couch or hand him off to Bucky.
"Obviously. There's still no sign of either of our Asgardians," Natasha replies with a slight scoff and Steve sighs and shakes his head. "We has to suffer weeks of him pining after Loki and now that Loki's gone, we have to keep suffering."
Tony let Steve take his hand and lead him back to their spot with Peter who was busy building Avengers Tower. Peter watched Bucky sit next to Loki from the corner of his eye, the two men sitting close together and Loki lowering his head with hide a smile. Bucky's metal hand found it's way to Loki's thigh, but before he could see the mage's reaction, Peter was pulled back into playing with the toddlers when Tony asked for more red blocks.
"You've been no actual help, Clint," Natasha scolds him, but Peter ignores their bickering in favor of staring at the children, the brunette being the one who was crying and his wails were becoming more and more upset by the second. The blonde boy alternated between watching TV or staring at the other kid in exasperation.
"No, it's pretty much useless. We don't even know what it was supposed to do in the first place or why it even blew up," Sam explained with a shrug. "They do know that the tech was completely modified though, so maybe they didn't connect a few wires the right way and it went boom."
Tony was not brooding no matter what Natasha said. And he was also not plotting a murder no matter Clint's excitement to help.
"Fuck Stevie, if ya don't marry her, I will," Bucky commented as everyone cheered at the idea of going away for a few days and to somewhere warm.
He's not sure how much longer he can take of this situation. And not that the others didn't help, they did, but when Steve and Tony fought, it was best to keep them away from each other for the rest of the day. Thankfully though, Tony no longer cried when he went off to school and now that it was Saturday, he was just happy to have Peter at home all day.
"It's almost dinner time, anything special you want?" Steve asks the kid, turning to look at him just in time to see Peter shrug. "How about I order some pizza?" Another shrug. "Okay then."
"Hi!" Peter greets them in between giggles as he settles on Steve's lap, only laughing harder at the surprised looks on his dad's and Steve's faces.
"Your dads are goin' to make us all go gray before they return to normal," Bucky mumbles with a shake of his head and Peter simply giggled before heading off to the kitchen for something to eat.
"Meanies! No hit Stevie!" Tony yelled as he kept hitting the boys who tried to block the blows while Steve cried on the grass from the pain.
"And I would really not like to think about my best friend's sex life," Bucky chimes in with a grimace.
"Man, you're really gone for them. I've never seen you like this, it's honestly a good look on you man," Sam says honestly and Steve ducks his head as a slight blush starts creeping up his neck. "And they're good for you. I can see how much they love you right back."
Getting pregnant was the easy part. All her and Steve did was have sex in their kitchen with her sprawled on the counter while Steve fucked into her early one January morning.
"Hi Peter, it's so good to finally meet you. Your daddy's told me so much about you, kiddo," Steve informs him in hopes of getting Peter to relax a bit. And that seemed to do the trick because Peter looked at his dad with wide surprised eyes and Tony smiles softly and kissed his boy's forehead.
"This isn't high school," Natasha scolds her best friend with a roll of her eyes. "And they've been together for a month."
"Thanks for coming and sorry for bothering you, but Steve isn't picking up his phone and no one's answering the door," Tony tells Bucky a little worriedly as he gets up from the floor as his boyfriend's best friend steps off the elevator and approaches with the key copy to Steve's apartment.
Once inside, Tony looks around the open concept living area and he lets out a small surprised 'oh' when he finally spots his boyfriend and child. They're in the living room with Steve laying on the couch and Peter on his chest, the two in a deep sleep and one of Steve's arms wrapped protectively around the small boy.
"How about you and I watch Baymax tomorrow, yeah?" Peter suggest and it earns him a big smile and nod from Tony. "Good. Now let's change you monkeys."
Bruce and Scott arrive a few minutes later once they've all finished eating breakfast and Bucky's struggling to clean Steve off from the sticky mess he is before he can run off to play. Tony's still fast asleep with his head resting on Peter's shoulder and a thin line of drool coming from the corner of his mouth and landing on the teen's shoulder.
Just to spite the little boy, Peter presses another kiss to Tony's head. Steve bursts into tears and Bucky sighs from where he sits on Steve's other side and sends Peter a glare. The teen simply shrugs and briefly wonders if this is what it's like to have younger siblings. If so, boy he's missed out on a lot of fun.
"Can't we put them in pull ups or something? That was so awkward and I'm never going to be able to look at my dads the same," Peter whines and shivers at the memory of helping his three year old dad use the bathroom.
"Pete, darling, I told you you were meeting Steve and you can't do that if you don't come out and see him. It's rude, baby boy," Tony reprimands the child gently but still left no room for arguments in his voice. "Say hi."
"Hi daddy," Peter greets his father quietly and Tony looks down at his son to see his doe like eyes wide open and a sleepy smile on his face.
"Nah. We really got to know each other these last two days and we even went to the zoo this morning which is why you found us napping."
"Okay, so I'll definitely be gone for at least a day, but I'll call once I know when I might be coming back," Tony begins to explain to Steve who's holding Peter up with his left arm while the child plays with the top button of his plaid shirt. "If there's an emergency and you can't get ahold of me, call Pepper or Happy. Peter's not allergic to anything and bedtime is at nine, don't let him convince you otherwise because he's a little shit."
Tony falls asleep while they eat breakfast and Steve walks out from the room rubbing at his eyes and his blonde hair a tangled mess on his head.
"Hey, don't ever apologize for dropping by unannounced," Steve tells him as he steps aside to let his boyfriend in, just now noticing the bag hanging from the brunette's shoulder. "Whats with the bag?"
"I'm not as old as the others though, they're way older!" Peter informed the two children just as the elevator doors opened and Bucky and Natasha stepped out.
Steve takes Tony's hand and the two run off towards the sandbox while Peter himself sits at a bench where he can see them.
Conversation then shifts onto something else, but Thor is suddenly very aware of the closeness between his brother and Bucky who are having their own conversation. Bucky's arm is placed on the back of Loki's chair and he watches his brother roll his eyes at the obvious move but not do anything to brush him off.
"Hey, it's no problem, but the punk probably fell asleep and he can sleep through pretty much anythin'," Bucky explains to Tony as he starts to unlock the door. "And I doubt the mini you would open the door."
"Slow," Tony whined, his little legs tripping every few steps since he was unable to keep up with Steve's faster pace.
"We had to order them clothes, toys and other things they might need since we don't know how long they'll be like this," Natasha explained and Peter nodded in understanding. "We'll set up the other guest room for them."
"Can you two stop it?" Natasha scolds them as she walks into the room with Tony on her left hip and munching on a piece of banana bread.
Tony exhales and leans completely into Steve who places a kiss to the top of his head and one of Peter's tiny hands strokes his hair in a comforting manner like he does to the boy when he's upset or sick. It makes Tony smile and bite back a little giggle.
"My baby's really brave!" Steve told them during dinner with a giant grin, going back to his usual self and Tony blushed yet again and kept his head down. "Love my baby."
"A tower!" Steve exclaimed as he looked up at Peter, a block on either hand. "My baby help. He a good help."
"Did this happen after we rescued you from your latest kidnapping?" Natasha asked him, not at all fazed by the over sharing of information. She just looked more curious if anything. "Because if I recall correctly, Steve was a total nightmare those two days you were missing."
"Oh yeah," Peter mumbles sadly as he looks over at the kid version of his dad who as an adult was always loud and the center of attention, but this mini version of him was so quiet and would rather hide himself than be the center of attention.
"Open up, Tones," Peter said softly as he picked up some food with his fork and offered it to Tony who shook his head.
"It's okay. Now, my room is right next to yours, remember?" Peter asks the blonde who nods enthusiastically. "So smart." Steve smiles with a slight blush to his chubby cheeks. "Okay, you two need anything at night, you can have JARVIS wake me up or Bucky."
Tony would, somewhat, understand if it were Bucky's first time seeing this episode, but it wasn't. He'd seen more than a dozen times by now and could recite the entire episode word for word which can be endearing when Tony isn't in a bad mood and in serious need of attention from said man.
"Please," Tony says in a much calmer voice as he walks over to where Steve is now pouring him his favorite drink in a mug that looks very much like the one he's always drinking from.
also, to the ones who have left me a prompt, i promise to get your requests out soon so don't feel disappointed just yet !!
"I think we have a better chance at defeating HYDRA than that happening," Bucky replies with a smirk and it sends the entire room into laughter while Clint sulks.
"It's just, I have to go away to Malibu. Apparently there's some emergency stuff going on at HQ there that I need to take a look at and Pepper already flew ahead and Peter's usual nanny isn't available and you're literally the last person I can ask."
"Keep your bedroom stuff in the bedroom," Sam complained as he threw a piece of popcorn at the couple who turned to look at him with matching looks of mischief.
"Nuh uh! It was here when Tony and I got here!" Steve shouted as he stood up and blocked Tony from their view. The other little boy was looking around for Peter and finally spotted the teen on a bench, but he was busy on his phone to see what was going on which made Tony frown angrily at the teen.
"Ugh, just come here." Natasha sighs as she grabs his hand and drags him over to where Sharon was smiling at whatever Steve was telling her with a hand on his bicep. "Your boyfriend is so dumb."
Once Tony's gone, Steve's left with a quiet three year old and the most awkward silence he's experienced in his nearly thirty years of life. He has no idea what to say to the kid and oh does he wish he could have met Peter under different circumstances. Preferably with Tony around.
"Tony, calm down," Steve tried and Tony turned to glare at his boyfriend who wasn't even fazed by the look. "I forgot to mention that the team were coming up for breakfast today."
"Um, what's going on?" Peter asked curiously, a frown on his face as he stepped into the living room where two kids no older than the age of four greeted him; one blonde blue eyed boy and the other dark brown curly hair and large brown eyes and basically an exact copy of himself as a kid. For a brief moment Peter wondered if what Strange has said about the multiverse really was real and they'd somehow managed to bring a him from a different timeline into the future.
"Meanies push Stevie," Tony told her in a small voice, looking up at the spy who looked from Tony to Steve who was being quieter than usual. Well, not that he was loud in the first place, but out of the two kids, he was considered the loudest one.
"Who's kids did dad steal?" Peter wondered, earning a few chuckles from Sam, Wanda and Bucky. "Wait, where are dad and pops?"
"Yeah I've taught him well." Tony beams proudly and steps inside the apartment once Bucky has the door unlocked and opened.
Just then Thor walked into the room still looking half asleep, and Steve thought the God of Thunder would kill Tony for cheating on Loki, but then Steve understood. This woman looked like Loki and sounded like Loki because she was Loki. And his theory was proved right when Thor smiled at Loki and Tony without batting an eye at their closeness. Had she been any random woman, Thor would probably had thrown Tony out of the tower.
"Ouch," Clint mumbles as he dissolved into snickers next to Sam who only laughs harder at Thor's frown. Natasha merely sighs and Bucky smirks.
"But to protect the ones we love, we will do anything and you did a very brave thing by standing up to those big mean children." Loki tapped the toddler's nose and Tony giggled shyly, cheeks flushed an even brighter shade of red than usual.
"What?" Tony asks with a confused look on his face as he stares between his teammates and girlfriend who raised a thin, dark eyebrow at him and it was all Tony needed for realization to dawn on him. "Oh!"
"I'm sure Nicky and everyone at SHIELD can handle a few baddies if we go away for a week?" Toni suggested. "We've never taken a family vacation in the nearly six years we've been together. We can go to my private island for a bit of fun in the sun."
"Well sorry to burst your bubble, sour patch," Toni informs her best friend, giggling knowingly to herself as she snuggled impossibly closer to Steve.
Tony pulls away first and winks at Steve before turning around in his hold just as the barista returned with Tony's coffee. Steve, upon seeing the guy again, presses his front against Tony's back and presses light kisses against Tony's neck. Tony bites back a laugh as he grabs his coffee with one hand and laces his fingers with Steve with the other and thanks the guy.
"Always." Tony grins and pecks Steve's lips again, the two ignoring Peter's, Bucky's and Sam's childish groans. "Now hurry up and get your shit in the truck so we can go."
They're not even to the part where Esther reveals who she really is when Toni lets out a pained gasp and Steve's attention is immediately on her as JARVIS pauses the movie.
On the other end of the phone, Tony laughs freely and Steve could imagine the genius throwing his head back and scrunching up his nose in the way he did when he was laughing with the little crinkles by his eyes and oh does the mental image make his heart skip a few beats. He really does love this man.
"You sayin' the truth? Now that's new," Bucky teases Loki who huffs and if Peter didn't know better, he'd assume his Uncle Bucky actually offended the god of lies and mischief.
"Oh please, as if Loki would actually help us," Clint says with a scoff and Bucky grins over at the archer.
"Thanks," Peter whispers as he hands Tony the cup. "At least drink this. You don't have to finish it, just so your tummy has something in it."
"About dragons." Steve grimaces because he most certainly does not know any stories about dragons, made up or not.
"I seriously don't know how ya managed to ask Stark out on a date and manage to keep him for this long."
so technically this is an au which is why i changed Morgan's age. i wrote this about a week after Endgame came out and i just never got around to posting it
this one was short-ish, but it was just something to start off the new year and to tell you guys that i'm still working on this fic, just much slower than my other ones.
"Heard that, kid," Bucky grunts out, glaring playfully at the teen while the other two kids started giggling uncontrollably. "Anyways, we're here to take the kids to their room."
Tony explained as best he could, what with his limited speech and how he stumbled over his words. Eventually Natasha understood that the two had been playing in the sandbox with the supplies that were provided there when two older boys walked up to them saying the toys were theirs. Natasha expressed how proud she was of Tony for standing up and smiled at the blush that took over his chubby little cheeks.
"I'm exhausted," Tony says later that evening as he drops down on the couch after dropping off a sleeping Peter in his bedroom, letting out a long groan to emphasize his words and rests his head on the backrest.
"Guess Peter will always be the Tony whisperer," Sam comments and Peter swears he got whiplash from how fast he turned his head to face Sam with wide eyes.
Steve lets out a long relieved sigh before saying, "Thank goodness. I thought I'd screwed up with the kid. So he really said that he approved?"
Peter steps forward to take Tony with a slight struggle since Steve was holding onto him. Once he managed, Steve threw him a glare and Peter smiled at him victoriously just to see if he could get a rise out of Steve. And he did. The little blonde stuck his tongue out at Peter and continued to glare at him.
"Sweetheart, you've made it nine months, I'm sure you can take a few more days," Steve tries to be supportive and console his miserable wife, but all he gets in return is a glare so scary it makes Natasha's seem like a flirty look. "Hmm, you're right. I don't think I can take another week."
"Uh I hope you don't expect me to give them a bath," Peter comments as he stares between the two adults with wide eyes.
Stephen rolls his eyes as the Cloak heads over to the genius' side and stroked his cheek. Setting the things he'd brought down on the coffee table, Stephen removes his right glove and places the back of his hand on Tony's forehead. He sighed and ran a gentle hand through his boyfriend's hair.
yikes, it's been so long since i did a new one shot, but requests are still open and yes i am still working on the ones i've received
Loki's kisses were cool, in the cold kinda sense, soft and left Tony's head spinning and craving more each time. From the way Loki held him, like he was precious and the only person that mattered in this world. To the way Loki looked at him like he was the brightest star in all of the realms.
Natasha simply smirked knowingly as she leaned back in her seat and continued to drink her tea just watching the whole scene unfold in front of her. She didn't need anyone to tell her anything, she just knew everything that went around the tower. Tony suspected it was because she had a pact of some sort with JARVIS who in return told her everything. That was one theory and he rather not get into the other one. It was less conventional and more creepy.
Getting out of bed with a grumble, Tony grabs the first shirt he found and a pair of joggers, both articles of clothing being too big on his smaller frame. He didn't care, he just wanted to yell at whoever was out there to shut the fuck up because he was tired and wanted to go back to sleep.
Steve wakes up to the sound of soft crying from beside him. He frowns slightly and tries going back to sleep, but then he remembers that he's sleeping next to his baby and his eyes fly open in alarm thinking his baby was hurt.
"What's going on over here?" Natasha asks and Steve and Toni pull away from their little bubble to stare at the rest of the team who were looking at them worriedly, the fireworks still going off in the distance.
"Lo?" Tony mumbles sleepily and cold fingers brush the hair from his forehead back and away from his face.
"Baby had bad dream," Steve informs Peter whose expression softens as he reaches over to get Tony up on the bed.
Tony pouted and looked down at his plate which was still a little more than half full, but said, "me too!"
The two play in the sand for awhile with the bucket and shovel that laid there until two other boys older and bigger than them approached the toddlers with a scowl. Tony looked up at them with wide frightened brown eyes and moved closer to Steve who too looked up and glared at the older boys as best he could. It certainly helped that he was taller than Tony and could easily pass of as a five year old.
"What?" She asked, lifting her head from his chest to look up at her big brother with large brown eyes that were so similar to his and to their father's.
"I promise to make baby eat something, but baby's really tired and I'm sure he wants to go to sleep. Right baby?" Bucky asks Tony who nods and yawns again, this time his eyes are closed and Peter has to jostle the kid around gently to wake him up.
"What? My beard tickles you?" Bucky rubbed his stubble against Tony's soft skin which only had Tony laughing even louder and Peter was a little afraid of the toddler having an accident because he was so not cleaning up that mess.
"So how's it goin'?" Bucky asked Steve with an amused glint in his eyes as he looks at the bored three years old sitting on the couch with his bear.
"Uh we'll be walking away now," Tony mumbles before dragging Steve away from Sharon and to a more quiet and private corner.
"You name's funny," Peter eventually says as he climbs up on a chair where Steve sets a bowl of chocolate ice cream in front of him.
"Hi babe," Tony greets him back a little breathlessly as he steps forward and stands on his top toes to press a kiss to his lips. It's just a quick press of their lips, but it's enough to leave Steve's veins coursing with energy and butterflies swirling in his stomach. "Sorry for dropping by without a warning."
A shrill cry broke through the air and Steve looked away from his wife, who slumped backwards tiredly, to see the doctor with a small baked and ugly little bundle in her arms, limbs flailing around to express his discomfort at coming into the world.
And then he began to laugh hysterically which just further angered and confused the three Avengers who were clearly out of the loop from whatever inside joke Tony and his mistress had.
"Go 'way," Tony told them as angrily as he could, glaring up at the taller boys though the sun got directly in his eyes made it hard to do so.
"Well you're the doctor here, what do you recommend we do? He's not eatin' on his own and he doesn't let anyone else feed him," Bucky asked the doctor who sighed.
"Wha-? Tony?" Steve asks, voice deep with sleep and eyes blinking open slowly. "How'd you get in? Wait, why are you here? Thought ya were comin' home tomorrow?"
"We finished early and I really needed to see my boys," Tony tells him as he leans over to kiss Steve's cheek. "And Bucky let me in. The world could be ending and you'd probably never know." Steve chuckled and rolled his eyes. "So I see everything is good between you and Pete? No more awkwardness?"
Peter just nodded and explored the room once Steve set him down on the ground while the blonde looked through Peter's bag to see what Tony had packed. He pulls out t-shirts with various cartoon characters, pants, underwear and a few pull ups which Tony didn't mention those and Steve also pulls out a stuffed bear and some toy cars.
"'Tis the truth." Loki shrugged as he looks over at his older brother with a look of pure innocence that has Bucky snickering and even Tony and Steve giggle even if they don't really understand what is going on.
Peter guessed Tony was really tired since he didn't complain about being called baby, especially by someone who wasn't Steve. While Bucky dresses Steve in Captain America pajamas (Peter was so using that as blackmail now), Peter got Tony dressed in Iron Man pajamas and had to carry him out to the dining room with Steve running off ahead of them.
"Yeah. We got back, we fought, you know like usual, and then we had fantastic make up sex and he asked me out afterwards."
"We had a small problem at the park with some older kids," Peter replied as he set a fast asleep Steve down on the couch carefully and helped Tony climb up when the toddler couldn't do so on his own.
"I want my baby!" Steve suddenly shouts as he stands up from his spot and rushes over to Bucky, hitting the man on the legs until he set the toddler down. "Come on baby!"
Steve laughs fondly and kisses the side of her head before saying, "now that's an impossible resolution."
The message cut off and Peter sighed as he brought his phone down and pushed the home button, his wallpaper staring up at him. It was a picture of him and his dad with big smiles on their faces, days before they got on that ship that took them to space. Days before it all changed. Peter remembers that day. It'd been a good day for his dad. He'd been smiling a lot more recently and gone were the days where the man would walk around like an empty shell after everything that happened with Rogers and the Rogue Avengers. It'd been such a good day that Peter wishes he could relieve it all over, just to spend a few more moments with his father and do everything he could to memorize it all. From the smells to the sounds and the feeling of being able to hug said man just because he could.
"Hi Peter Panda. Did ya have fun with Steve?" Tony asks him as he reaches out to play with his hair, watching the boy snuggle more into Steve and clutch at the blonde's shirt.
Stephen looks over at his lover and smiles softly when he sees the man asleep. He lowers the volume on the TV until it's just a low murmur and then heads into the kitchen to put the donuts away and make some soup and tea for his sick boyfriend.
Upon entering the large kitchen, however, they found the genius kissing a woman with long black hair and crowding her up against the counter. Her pale arms were around his neck, toying with the hair at the nape of Tony's neck. Tony's hands were on her hips under her shirt, which was a little big on her small frame and very obviously Tony's. Her bare toes curled against the cold marble floor as she continued to kiss the genius. She was about an inch taller than Tony and Steve interrupted their moment when her legging clad legs were moving to wrap around Tony's waist.
"Coming right up, gorgeous," the guy says before going off to make Tony's order while the genius stood up straight and faced Steve who was glaring at the barista.
Peter adores Steve and Tony loves the way his son's large brown eyes stare up at Steve with wonder whenever the blonde is telling him something. He loves hearing his son's happy giggles whenever Steve plays airplane with him or tells him some silly story from when he and Bucky were kids. He loves the family moments they have and he wants to have them everyday; day and night. And apparently Steve wants the same because two months after Peter and Steve's first meeting, the blonde asks Tony to move in with him.
Bucky leaves about an hour later and again, Steve and Peter are left in an awkward silence. The three year old is curled up on one end of the couch with his plushie and Steve's sitting on the other end with the TV on some cartoons that Peter had shown excitement at when Steve passed the channel. They're halfway through the second episode when Steve's phone goes off with Tony's name flashing on the screen and it immediately makes the blonde man smile as he answers it.
"No no no no no. I am having a bad dream. This isn't real. I am not holding my dad in my arms and getting glared at by the mini version of my pops. Nope. Not happening! I refuse to believe that I am awake," Peter rambled as he began to pace the length of the living room with his dad- the boy- in his arms. "Nope. Not real. Not possible."
"Be safe and call often," Steve tells him as he walks Tony to the door with Peter back to toying with Steve's button.
Tony simply rolled his eyes and stepped up into Steve's space before leaning up on his toes to press his lips against Steve's slightly cold and chapped ones. The blonde's eyes close and his hands settle on Tony's hips as he kisses the short teenager back after the shock wares off.
"Yeah. Tony had a nightmare and Steve took him to my room," Peter explained. "Not sure my- Tony's gonna like waking up without me there, though. Didn't want to let me go."
"Gee, I wonder why," Tony snapped, still glaring and his arms now crossed across his chest hoping to warm himself up a little bit.
"You only help with getting them all worked up and giving them candy," Sam says with a roll of his eyes.
"You'll get him back once we're upstairs," Natasha said calmly, hoping to prevent a tantrum from starting because if Steve started to shout, then it would set Tony off into a round of crying and trigger a panic attack. "And it's not time for bed, but we need to get you two into clean clothes and don't you want to see all the toys we brought for you?"
"Yeah? That's nice, doll," Bucky replied distractedly as he patted Tony on the head without taking his eyes away from the TV screen where Squidward was telling SpongeBob the story of the hash slinging slasher.
"Babe, it'll be fine, I promise," Steve reassures him with a fond smile as he watches Tony think about what he may have forgotten and coming up blank. "Besides, I'm sure Peter here will be a big help, right Pete?"
"Heading towards two in a few days, actually" Tony corrected her, in a much better mood now that he had his coffee and his boyfriend had his arms around him as they stood leaning against the island and facing the team. "There's nothing to tell unless you want me to go into details about how we got together after having sex first."
"You were just- you were just so jealous! And then- and then Clint-!" Steve struggled to get out between bouts of laughter, his face a bright red and tears streaming down his cheeks.
ironstrange is one of my favorite otps, so i was really happy to do this one and even happier that i was able to do someone's prompt
"Shh, sorry buddy. Go back to sleep," Peter says quietly as Tony settles against his chest again and he brings a hand out to stroke Steve's blonde hair.
"So how long have you two been, ya know, getting it on in the janitor's closet?" Clint asks curiously as he goes back to his bowl of cereal despite having already had a large stack of pancakes.
"You're pretty warm. Have you taken anything?" Strange asks Tony who scowls up at him and slaps the Cloak away from his face.
He knew Tony had a kid named Peter who was three and had lost his mother just a few short months after being born in a car accident. Tony hadn't kept that bit of very important information from Steve and had told them before they'd even gone on their first date, saying that if Steve was going to run off, he could do it now and save them both the trouble of getting through one date before the blonde decided he did not want to date someone with a kid. The joke was on Tony though because Steve had simply asked to see a picture and still showed up on their date the next day, the morning after that and still continued to show up even three months later.
After a quick shower, getting dressed and brushing his teeth, Peter heads out to the kitchen where Bucky's already up and fixing him a plate of pancakes.
"Hey, it's going to be fine, Pete," Natasha reassures him, running her fingers through his hair soothingly. "We're all here to help out and make things easier for you. We miss your dads too, but take this as a learning experience."
After a very long and successful mission for the Avengers, Tony decided to throw a party to celebrate their success and despite having wanted to keep it small, some people ended up bringing a plus one and somehow the entire communal floor of the tower was filled with agents, heroes and others. Unfortunately for Tony, Sharon Carter was also in attendance despite the two not getting along as kids because of Sharon's jealousy towards Tony and how much closer he was to Peggy.
"I have come to notice recently," Steve admitted sheepishly as he moved his hands down to Tony's arms and to his hips. "I promise that I did notice how obvious she was being in her attempts at seducing me, but I also wasn't sure how to let her down without sounding rude."
"He's gonna love you. You've got nothing to worry about. He's just a shy kid and it takes him a bit to warm up to new people so don't take it personally."
"Looks like you're getting your wish, sweetheart," Steve tells his wife softly as he pressed a kiss to her temple, the elevator ride seeming to take longer than usual.
Halfway through dinner, Peter looked down at his lap and realized that Tony had fallen asleep with the cup still held to his lips and one hand curled loosely around it. Peter smiled fondly and leaned down to press a kiss to Tony's forehead and it wasn't even a second later when Steve leaned over to kiss him too while sending Peter a small glare that had half the table snorting in amusement while Peter kissed Tony's head again just to further anger his blonde tiny dad.
"Hey munchkins!" Clint shouted as he and the rest of the team arrived on their floor with bags of take out food.
"You are a literal child when you are sick. I'm afraid that if I leave, you'll end up suffocating under all those blankets." Stephen scoffs and rolls his eyes fondly as he places his hands on his boyfriend's feet and rubs them gently.
"Why are you surprised? It took months and for you to point out to him that I was flirting with him," Tony points out in a deadpan voice that has Natasha snickering as they reach the other two.
"We got called in this morning," Bucky takes over as Natasha stands up and lets the metal armed super soldier take her place. "Some guys were dealin' with stolen alien tech that they messed with and somehow one exploded and the only two near it were your dads so here we are."
"Isn't that why we have JARVIS? So he can save us the-" Clint's cut off by a glare from the red headed spy. "Okay, we're going."
"He's not a picky eater, mostly, just don't let his food touch if there's more than one thing on his plate otherwise he won't eat it."
When he enters the living room, he finds Tony sitting on the ground crying while an angry looking Steve stands above him with the doll held over his head and all of the toy cars scattered around the floor.
"Daddy?" Peter asks excitedly as he rushes off the couch, stumbling a bit, and heading towards Steve who has his arm stretched out with the phone that the three year old takes. "Hi daddy!"
Bruce, Scott and Vision walked in and took their seats after updating everyone that they weren't even close to figuring out what the alien tech was even supposed to do. Peter was a little let down that they weren't anywhere near finding out how to get his dads back to normal.
"Well if it isn't my favorite customer. Let me guess, peppermint?" The barista, a young man with dark hair and bright green eyes, asks Tony in a flirtatious tone that doesn't sit well with Steve who unconsciously moves to stand closer to Tony while Clint, Nat and Bruce raise an eyebrow in amusement as they stand off to the side to wait.
"Amen to that," Rhodey says, tipping his cup of whatever weird concoction Natasha had given him. In fact, Natasha had given everyone a weird blend of very colorful drinks. Everyone but Toni who'd refused any and all alcohol all evening much to everyone's suspicion.
Tony chuckles quietly and goes back to watching TV, which he now realizes is on HGTV. He doesn't even make it through an episode of Good Bones when he falls asleep with Stephen's comforting presence and the Cloak serving as yet another blanket.
"It's no use. Guess we'll just have to wait this out," Bruce informs them and they all let out a resigned breath.
Tony gets woken up to loud voices coming from down the hall, probably the kitchen he supposed. He didn't care right now because he was tired and just wanted to go to sleep, but then he realized that he wasn't even on his floor and the person he'd been sleeping next to was now gone and was probably out there with whoever was visiting this early. Well, early for him and late for everyone else who lived normal hours.
"Well, when I was your age, I used to get into all sorts of trouble with kids much older than me," Loki informed Tony. "Mostly it was to defend my oaf of a brother."
"Mm, cherry," Steve says as he leans in for another kiss, tasting the Popsicle on the man's lips and grinning. "My favorite."
"You're right, he does," Bucky agrees, cackling in utter glee when Steve turns a bright red and turns to the sink to start washing the dishes.
"Hey!" Thor exclaimed but even he couldn't stay mad for long when Tony looked up at the mage with big eyes and expression full of wonder.
"Oh Peter!" Clint cries out in relief as he walks up to the teen, placing his hands on Peter's shoulders and shaking him slightly. "Thank goodness you're home! I can't take this anymore!"
"Stop! Wanna play!" Tony giggled, a tiny hand coming out to try and push Bucky's face away from his.
"Sorry, I just worry about my brother," Thor admits with a slight blush to his cheeks. "He has been through a lot and I only want the best for him."
"That I get to wake up next to you now," Steve replied as he placed a kiss to Tony's forehead. "That we get to be disgustingly domestic." A kiss to the tip of Tony's nose. "That I get to be apart of Peter's life everyday." A kiss to the corner of Tony's mouth. "That I've got a family." And with that, Steve's lips finally touch Tony's in a soft kiss that unfortunately gets interrupted a few seconds into it because a small body jumps on top of them.
"Tony, stop," Steve pleaded as he buried his face in Tony's neck, sounding completely mortified which made the genius laugh at his misery.
"I know this is a lot to ask and shit-" "Bad word," Peter mumbles sleepily. "-but kinda really need a big favor from you that you are totally allowed to say no to, by the way," Tony rambles on nervously, not even phased by Peter's brief interruption.
Steve pulls her into a hug and tucks his face into her neck, sniffling slightly and she coos and rubs his back. Not even a minute into the new year and Steve's life was already changing for the better. He was going to be a dad with the woman he loves and fuck if he isn't the happiest man alive right now.
"Okay Yeah. I really need to go and I'm sorry for springing this on you at the last minute," Tony says as he walks up to Steve with an apologetic smile.
"You are not even legal to vote, kid, you're still considered a baby by our standards," Bucky chimes in as he walks in, a smirk on his face and Peter sticks his tongue out at the man. "You heard the baby, Lokes, he wants you to play with them."
as he makes grabby hands at the brunette boy who's still covering his ears and shaking in Peter's hold.
"So we're all just accepting the fact that Loki is also a girl?" Clint asks a little hysterically as he looks between Natasha and Steve who shrug.
"Fuck, babe, you have no idea how happy you just made me," Steve says breathlessly, his hands pressed against the wall on either side of Toni's head and pressing the front of his body against hers.
Peter smiles as Steve wraps an arm around Tony, the blankets up to their shoulders and Peter waits until JARVIS turns off the lights and the nightlight lights up from a corner in the room before leaving.
"Exactly, punk," Bucky says with a grin. "I'm your godfather, so in the meantime, I'm in charge of ya."
"Must be horrified to think that there's another me to torment him," Tony eventually says after his laughter has dissolved into giggles.
"Hey, what's going on?" Peter asked worriedly as he rushed over, eyes wide as he took in the state of his mini parents.
"How 'bout we get ya guys in the bath so you're all squeaky clean once dinner's ready?" Bucky asked, breaking the slight tension in the room.
"Daddy wan's say bye," Peter says quietly as he walks over to Steve a few minutes later, holding the phone out shyly and averting his gaze every few seconds and it only makes Steve want to hug the child and squeeze him to his chest.
"But we've only been together for like, three weeks. You're leaving me in the middle of our honeymoon phase, honey boo!" Tony whines, probably seconds away from getting on the ground and attaching himself to Loki's long legs to prevent the man from leaving him. "This is basically my clingy phase."
"Yep. And said you're silly and that's basically the equivalent of I like you in three year old speak." Steve chuckled on the other end and Tony's heart skipped a beat at the sound. "The kid even asked when we could all hang out and I was wondering if you'd like to go out for a little ice cream tomorrow?"
Tony shrugged as he stared at his doll, still a little unused to the idea that these people let him play with actual toys unlike his father.
Strange spent the rest of the day looking after Tony and every time he was asleep, popped in quickly to the Sanctum to make sure Wong hadn't set anything on fire or unleashed yet another creature. He also made sure that FRIDAY ignored any and all calls unless they were a life or death type of situation. The other Avengers had been made aware of Tony's condition and steered clear of the penthouse to let the genius get some much needed rest.
"He'll still be watching over us. We can't see him anymore, but he can see us and he lives in our hearts forever, now. And he'll always be proud of you and me and as we grow, we can make sure to do things that will keep making him proud."
"Hi mis'er S'eve," Peter greets him, lifting his right hand up to wave at Steve who waves back with a smile.
"Brother," Thor reprimands his younger sibling for being so direct and Peter doesn't like that option so he'd rather deal with two snotty toddlers for a few more days.
"I hate this family," Steve mumbles after overcoming the shock of the situation and heads further into the kitchen to cook something for lunch.
"I figured. He looks bigger than the small sick scrawny kid he keeps telling me he was. But dad does look small, is that okay?" Peter asked worriedly. Really looking at both three year olds, his dad looked to be around two and Steve around five.
"Hey, no worries, alright? You do what you gotta go and Pete and I will be fine. Gives us time to get to know each other and hopefully break this awkwardness."
"You didn't have to stay all day, ya know? I'm a big boy," Tony says later that night. His nose was stuffy and his cheeks were flushed with the fever that was up and down all day.
"Good or else I'll kick your ass, got that?" Natasha threatens him seriously and Steve nods with slightly wide eyes which makes Tony snicker.
"Stevie, that's enough. We don't want to wake up baby now, do we?" Bucky questions the blonde who immediately stops crying at that, looking at Tony with wide frightened eyes as he waits to see if the toddler will wake up. "Now finish your dinner so we can get you and baby to bed. And Pete, knock it off."
"Oh hey there little guy, why the tears, huh?" Peter asks as he picks up the boy who cuddles into him, still sniffling and hiccuping but no longer wailing like earlier. "Are you lost? Is that why you and your friend are here?"
"We've got dinner!" Sam announced and Peter quickly packed away his homework to set the table just as they all walked in to start serving the food.
"This isn't you calling to break up with me because I had no idea how to entertain your kid, right?" Is how Steve answers and Tony snorts in amusement as he leans back in his chair and stares at his report which was just a blank page at the moment. Maybe he should have started it first before calling Steve because now he was bound to not finish it and get a good scolding from Pepper in the morning.
"I tell ya, freaky shit. And it's only freakier when ya see a picture of Tony as a kid and realize that Peter's basically his twin," Bucky comments as he heads for the truck to set the boxes inside and Sam snorts in agreement as he follows the long haired man.
"No worries, we'll catch up some other day over dinner if you'd like," Sharon says and Tony is two seconds away from kicking her out of the tower.
"Were you born in the 40's or something? Get with the teen lingo, grandpa," Tony tells Steve, poking his side playfully. "You're nearly eighteen, not eighty."
Tony smiled and leaned forward to kiss Steve, somehow managing to do so in the awkward angle. They break apart after a few seconds when Peter giggles and mumbles an 'Eww!'.
"All clean!" Steve shouts, momentarily forgetting about his sleeping baby who doesn't even stir in the bed. "Oops."
"I guess." Steve shrugs though there's still a frown on his face as Bucky helps him off the couch and holds his hand as they walk towards the elevators with Peter trailing behind them and making silly faces at Tony who's looking at him over Nat's shoulder.
"What?" Tony asked as he lifted his head slightly to be able to look up at his boyfriend who was looking down at him with that soft look on his face that Bucky always teases the blonde about. He said that whenever Steve looked at Tony that it was obvious he was in love because he always got this stupid dumb smile on his face. Bucky's words, not Tony's.
"But to protect the ones we love, we will do anything and you did a very brave thing by standing up to those big mean children." Loki tapped the toddler's nose and Tony giggled shyly, cheeks flushed an even brighter shade of red than usual.
"I'll get you a sippy cup in the morning," Stephen jokes and Tony tosses a throw pillow at the ex neurosurgeon's face. Well, attempted to anyways because Stephen easily moved out of the way. "Now get some rest. Let the medicine I gave you do its work."
"I don't think I can take another week of this," complains one heavily pregnant Toni Stark as she laid in bed, back resting against a mountain of pillows and a fluffy throw blanket covering her swollen feet.
"Anyone have any resolutions they'd like to actually achieve this year?" Natasha asks the team as she looks around at all of them, ten minutes before the new year rings in.
"I think this belongs to you," Natasha says oh so very casually as she grabs Steve's hand with her free one and basically hands Tony over like a forgotten jacket. "Please don't lose him. We can't get another Tony anywhere else."
Once Tony is on the floor, Steve grabs his hand and leads him out of their room and towards Peter's. Steve opened the bedroom door and was thankful when JARVIS turned on the lights a bit so they could see.
"Sweetheart, relax. I'm sure and you're not ruining anything," Steve reassures him with a fond smile, seeing his boyfriend starting to get really worked up and his grip tighten on Peter just a tiny bit. "I'll gladly watch over the little guy. It'll help us get to know each other and bond for a bit."
"Uh could be better," Steve says honestly as he rubs the back of his neck. "Bucky dropped by for a bit with ice cream and Buck thinks it's freaky how alike you and Pete are."
"It's what they get for waking me up and this is your fault anyways for not telling me about your breakfast plans, so man up, Rogers," Tony tells his boyfriend as he hits his arm with one hand while he holds his coffee cup with the other. "Anyways, I hope you all have a wonderful breakfast. I shall see you all later."
"I honestly don't know why I'm so surprised. I've never seen this look on you. It's good and you and Tony are good for each other, punk."
just a little short something i came up with last night in an attempt to get me out of this weird funk.
"If I ask nicely, he will," Bucky reminds him with a suggestive wiggle of his eyebrows and the others make disgusted looks.
"Guess little Tony still has big Tony's bad eating habits," Clint says with a slight snicker as he reaches over for the toddler's leftovers to eat them.
Knowing they were pregnant was also easy. Toni's periods have always been exact and just with being two days late and she knew. No need for pregnancy tests since she headed straight to her doctor's and it was confirmed.
"Of course he does, my little Peter Panda. He knows you're daddy's favorite boy," Tony tells his son who giggles at the nickname and seems to think that Steve's okay as he stretches his arms out towards the blonde man.
"Sass," Tony mumbles, lips twitching up into an involuntary smile, unable to stay mad at his idiot boyfriend for long.
"My friends!" Thor shouted excitedly as he stepped into the room and Tony flinched which made Steve move towards him instinctively and Peter turned to shush the God of Thunder, vaguely noticing the distance now between Bucky and Loki who'd made a book appear out of nowhere. "I apologize, but I do recall tonight being a movie night? Perhaps our young companions would like to chose tonight's movie?"
To Steve's complete and utter surprise (not), Toni bursts into tears and he just stands dumbly at the foot of the bed watching the tears run down her slightly more rounded cheeks. Honestly, he so much as breaths these days and she gets upset so really he would rather not get chewed out again. Also, Toni's very upset because she loves Halloween and this is the first one is soooo long that she doesn't get to dress up for because her doctor put her on bed rest half a month ago.
"It's a pleasure to grace you all with my presence," Tony replies with a smirk and the students snickered.
"I wanna watch Dragons!" Steve tells Peter and Tony wrinkles his tiny button nose as he rests his head on Peter's shoulder.
"And back then I said that it came with the spooky season," Tony says as he sets his coffee cup down to open up his textbook to the page written on the board.
"Hi dad, uh, just wanted to say that I uh love you and all. And that I miss you... A lot. It's been a few days and I still can't believe it happened, you know? Just take care of yourself and-"
Don't be scared to drop your prompts in the comments, just make sure you guys leave what pairing you'd like (romantic or platonic) and the only way I'll write Tony and Peter is IronDad and SpiderSon so get your dirty ass St**ker shit away from me. Please.
"Nah, stop worrying you're pretty head, babe. Just calling to let you know that you are officially Peter Panda approved. The kid adores you and your awkwardness," Tony teases his boyfriend fondly, letting out a small dreamy sigh as he twirled a pen around with his free hand.
"To put it lightly, Peter would be left an orphan and he would suddenly find himself a single father of two."
"Wait, I think my brain just exploded," Clint commented as he stared at Tony wide eyed, taking in his outfit which was very obviously not his, the messy hair, the very visible love bites on either side of his neck and the direction in which he just came from. Steve's bedroom.
"Hey, no no! Please don't cry!" Peter begged desperately. If Tony cried then Peter would start crying and then Steve would probably start crying because his baby was crying and it would be a never ending thing.
"No!" Steve whines when Peter sets him on the bed and the teen winces as Tony starts to stir on top of him.
Peter walks into the kitchen and stares up at Bucky curiously, head tilted to the side and brown eyes large. He looked like a puppy and Steve had to hold back his coo.
Peter tried setting Tony down on another chair, but the three year old clung to him so the teen sat in his usual spot with Tony on his lap while Steve sat next to them, excited to have dinner. Peter was just glad that Steve hadn't asked for his mom again.
"Tony started it!" Steve shouted above the crying and Peter really had no idea how parents did this. "He throw my cars!"
"Shut it, Buck," Steve tells him, face turning even redder if possible. "Well since you're up, want some coffee?"
Tony sniffled and curled up into Peter's side and the teen gladly held both children tightly, waiting for Steve to calm down so they could head home.
"You alright?" Stephen Strange, Tony's boyfriend of just a year, asks with a concerned frown on his face as he arrives at the penthouse with a box of donuts and two coffees. "You look like shit."
"Not a baby," Tony argues, scowling cutely up at Bucky who plucks him out of Loki's hold and kisses his chubby cheeks repeatedly which has Tony laughing and trying to squirm away from him. "Tickles!"
"Alright kiddies, time to get out so we can go eat dinner," Bucky says cheerfully as he helps Steve stand up carefully and starts to dry him off. "You guys must be hungry, right?"
"Steve-o. My giant teddy bear," Tony calls, trying to rouse Steve from his sleep but the man simply lets out a small sigh and the genius can't help but giggle."Wakie wakie eggs and bakey!"
"Hey Tones," Steve greets his boyfriend of three months after opening the door of his apartment, smile not even faltering when he noticed the three year old in said boyfriend's arms with his face tucked into Tony's neck.
"You're shivering," Bucky told Tony worriedly as he turned to look at his boyfriend who was glaring at the screen.
"Then we'll just make them as comfortable as we can and give them a great second childhood," Natasha concludes. "And while Peter's at school we'll all take shifts spending time with the little ones."
And now to get Tony off his chest. Letting out a sigh, Peter shifted slowly and carefully, sliding Tony off his chest inch by inch. Once he managed to successfully place Tony on the bed without waking up either toddler, Peter let out a quiet sigh of relief and began to gather his clothes to go and get ready for school in the bathroom.
"Holy shit, the baby is coming," he mumbles to himself over and over in an ever growing hysterical tone while Toni watches in amusement from the bed.
Peter places Tony down on the bed gently, in the center with enough space for Steve who's brushing his teeth in the bathroom and with pillows on the sides so they, hopefully, won't roll off and fall. Tony shifts on the bed, mumbling something in his sleep as he turns into his side.
Meanwhile Steve is left staring at Toni in open shock while she grins up at him, ignoring everyone else around the two.
"Ugh, you guys ruin all the fun. Come on, tiny humans, time for a bath," Peter grumbled as he picked up Steve with his other arm and carried both kids to the adjoining bathroom.
It's over an hour later and Peter's working on homework when Tony wanders in rubbing at his eyes with his fists and Peter can't remember exactly when he stopped freaking out and started finding every little thing the kids did, cute.
It was silent between the two, just the TV on with Patrick waking up due to his alarm clock and shouting, "Oh boy! Three am!" and began to eat a krabby patty. Tony simply shakes his head because really this show never made any sense, but it was entertaining anyways. Well, certain episodes were.
"Toni? What's wrong? Is it the baby? Braxton Hicks?" Steve asks frantically as he watches the way his wife doubles over as best she can with both her hands cradling her bump.
"Good, maybe he can babysit on date nights." Now it was Steve's turn to laugh. "I'm working hard to be able to go back home tomorrow, but Pepper's in a mood and this place is a mess so no promises."
"Does your baby have a name?" Loki asks as he sat on the couch with Tony on his lap and eyeing the baby doll with the blonde hair, blue eyes and pink footie pajamas. "I must imagine you have named her, yes?"
For the rest of the day, Tony was pouty and mopey which didn't go unnoticed by his teammates who all teased him endlessly until Steve decided to step in for his best friend's sake. But it wasn't just that day, Tony was like that for nearly a whole week.
The morning is easy and peaceful and it makes Peter glad to have missed school that day when he hears the toddlers' sweet giggles or gets to play with them. It's all fairly easy, up until around lunchtime when both kids are getting tired and cranky and are in desperate need of a nap. That's when Peter regrets staying.
Toni pulls away first from the kiss with Steve's teeth nipping at her bottom lip before letting go completely.
"What's going on?" Natasha asks as she hurries over to Peter who's being unsuccessful in calming the toddler down.
"I have no idea what's going on," Clint comments as Thor goes to ruffle the woman's hair but she bats his hand away and glares at him in the way only Loki does; a mixture of irritation and fondness.
"How was your trip to the park?" Natasha asked the toddlers as she lead them to the kitchen by their hands.
Tony immediately curled up protectively around Steve and closed his eyes and Bucky snorted at the scene while Peter went off to grab them a blanket. When he returned, Tony was already fast asleep and so he covered them with the blanket before explaining to Bucky what had happened at the park.
Peter does as he's told and Steve just barely manages to hold back a gasp at the resemblance between the two. Pictures really didn't do much to piece together the resemblance between father and son. They both had the large brown doe like eyes, brown curly hair, slightly tan complexion and Peter wore the same pout Tony had when their dates came to an end and neither wanted to say goodbye. It was adorable and Steve could already feel himself falling for this little boy.
Tony takes the cup reluctantly and drinks his milk leaning completely against Peter who keeps eating with one hand while his other arm was around the three year old. Steve began to eat, satisfied that his baby would have something in his belly before bed. Conversations were had around the table, though it wasn't the same without Tony's sassy commentary or Steve's fond sigh.
And later, that one ice cream date turns into family outings to the zoo, park, aquarium and the movies with few dates in between for the two adults while leaving Bucky as the designated babysitter. Tony doesn't think they're moving fast. Everything is flowing smoothly and it all feels so natural, almost like they've been a family from the start.
"I sent Lo out on a meeting a few weeks ago and no one noticed it wasn't me," Tony says as he grins at the team who all look a little terrified but impressed by the thought. "His skills come in handy."
"Stop! You scaring him!" The little blonde boy shouted at Peter with a pretty impressive glare and- oh. Oh no.
"You poor thing," Steve coos playfully. "You're lucky the show's on commercial so I'm sure he'll talk to you." Turning to Peter, Steve says, "Pete, your dad's on the phone and wants to talk to you."
"Uh we get robot babies now so they actually cry and- so not the point," Peter finishes off with a groan.
The episode began to play again making Tony realize that JARVIS had paused it. As it kept playing, Tony's eyes began to get heavy with sleep and he eventually fell asleep to the sound of both Squidward and SpongeBob screaming as Bucky's flesh hand played with his hair just the way he liked it.
And it's not that they want to keep things a secret from the world forever, it's just that their relationship was still so new and Tony was afraid that the scrutiny of the general public would put a large strain on their relationship. Also, Tony wasn't sure how Steve would take to being kissed in front of Sharon because he was being a jealous brat.
The two met about two weeks after Steve and Tony had begun dating when the genius had been on his way to Steve's apartment. He'd bumped into Bucky in the elevator and the meeting had apparently started off kinda rocky, with Bucky being suspicious of Tony's intentions and asking him a lot of questions. By the time they'd both left Steve's apartment though, the two had become friends and according to Tony, the two texted each other silly memes or whatever trend was in that day.
Thankfully the park wasn't crowded, seeing as it wasn't even noon yet and most kids didn't arrive until after. It was perfect for now since Tony was painfully shy and didn't like being around big crowds. That and Peter was afraid of losing two mini Avengers in the crowd and he really didn't want to lose his dads.
i promise that you're requests are coming, i just want to get the ones collecting dust in my drive out before starting on those :)
"True, but he's starting school next year and I feel like he's a little behind on some things and I feel guilty because I've been working too much recently and not giving him the attention he deserves."
"Barnes," Natasha scolded him as she walks over to the bed and sets Tony down on it, counting down from three until Steve jumped up on the bed and wrapped his thin pale arms around Tony who wrinkled his nose slightly. It was obvious he was starting to get annoyed by Steve. "Don't worry Peter, I'll do it."
"You heart that, sweetheart?" Steve says quietly by her ear as he holds her hand and dabs at the sweat on her forehead. "Nearly there, darlin'. One big one."
"You did and said the exact same thing when pumpkin spice lattes arrived at Starbucks," Natasha reminds Tony with a fond expression on her face. "You are such a white girl."
Peter takes Tony into his arms, rubbing his back in hopes of getting him to calm down and not wake up Steve as they left the room. Steve was dead to the world, as he usually was. Peter wasn't even sure how his pops heard the alarm to assemble when it went off in the middle of the night. Clint once joked by saying that it was his dad who tired him out to which Peter had nearly banged his head into a wall in hopes of erasing that conversation from his head.
"Would it make you feel better if we had a horror movie marathon?" Steve offers as he rubs her feet over the blanket, her sons reducing to slow flowing tears and hiccups every few seconds. "Or if I put up Halloween decorations in our room?"
"Stevie okay?" Tony asked the teen who sat on the grass next to Tony with Steve on his lap and crying into his chest.
"This stuff is gross. Why are you so obsessed with peppermint everything?" Clint asked as he handed the shorter teenager his coffee back.
"You're a jerk. Hey Pete, you want ice cream?!" Steve asks the three year old who immediately gets off the couch and walks over to them. "I'll take that as a yes."
his familiar voice sounded through Peter's phone, making his heart clench and tears sting his eyes as he tightens his grip on his phone.
Steve shuts her nervous rambling up by pressing his lips against hers and Toni's hands come up to clutch at the front of Steve's jacket. They kiss softly despite Steve being all riled up, just savoring each other's lips and the super soldier brings his hands down to hold onto Toni's hips under the hoodie she was wearing, his thumbs stroking bare skin.
"Well that's a relief," Clint mumbles. "If Steve's back first, he can take care of his husband, I'm done."
"We talked and for now, I'll be movin' into the penthouse with you guys to help you take care of the little ones," Bucky informs Peter who sighs in relief.
"Don't feel bad, sweets. He's three and if he's like you, he'll learn quick and you know I can help out if you want me to. Now that I've officially met the kid, I want to be able to be there for the both of you for whatever you need."
"Now we've got all the more reasons to love Halloween," Steve jokes, not once tearing his gaze away from the now sleeping baby as he laid on Toni's bare chest. "Absolutely perfect."
"Happy New Year, my loves," Steve replies as he brings a hand to Toni's flat stomach before closing the small gap between them and kissing her again; pouring every ounce of love and gratitude and happiness he can manage into the one kiss.
They move to the balcony once there's sixty seconds left on the clock, all of them bundled up to brace themselves for the cold. Steve and Toni stand close together with his arm around her waist as they stare off into the busy New York City nightlife.
The two sit in silence for a bit. The wind blows occasionally and it's a soft breeze that has Peter choking up as a sense of nostalgia hits him. He remembers being young and his dad bringing him to this exact house whenever he needed to get away from SI during the summer. The sun would shine bright and warm and it would make the lake sparkle beautifully. They would sometimes have a picnic under this same tree they sat under and the breeze would blow softly, caressing their skin and bringing forth the smell of summer. After his dad became an Avenger and started dating Steve, trips to the lake had become less and less until they'd completely stopped post Ultron. And Peter regretted not pushing for more trips, especially when Morgan came along a year after the so called Avengers Civil War.
"Are the boys in your room?" Bucky asks as he turns to face the teen who's sitting at the island. "Walked past their room and the door was open and the bed empty."
"Bucky and Clint are waiting downstairs with the SUV and Bruce is calling ahead so they're ready when we arrive," Natasha informs Steve who thanks her as the two help Toni walk to the elevator.
"Sorry to cut our conversation short, but I have some personal things to take care of," Steve apologizes to Sharon as he wraps an arm around Tony's waist and the genius really tries to not grin smugly at her jealous look, but he fails miserably and from the corner of his eye he can see Bruce and Nat shaking their heads at him.
"Sleep," Tony whispered as he looked up at Peter with half lidded eyes, bringing a hand up to rub at his left eye.
"But why? Is not bedtime," Steve argued, whining when Natasha picked up Tony off his lap and making grabby hands at the smaller three year old. "I wan' my baby back!"
"Kissing my girlfriend who's been gone for an awfully long time?" Tony responds though he's still frowning.
"How about I help you two get into your pajamas and I help you think, yeah?" Peter offers and both kids nod as they quickly finish cleaning up before Tony is raising his arms towards Peter who easily picks him up and then holds Steve's hand, leading them to the elevator. "Well what movie are you kids in the mood for? Disney? Dreamworks? About animals? Movies with songs?"
"No. If I interfere before the effects of whatever turned them into children leave their bodies on its own, than I would be complicating things and cause consequences," Loki explained calmly as he lowered his hand.
"-and I'm supposed to be okay with this? Like what are we going to do now? Can't you call Strange to do something?"
"Hmm, knew there was a reason why I fell in love with you," Tony replies sarcastically from where he laid on his couch under two blankets, wearing a hoodie and sweats. "You really make me feel special with your lovely words."
"You know I gotta go to school, right?" Peter asked the toddler who only tightened his hold on the teen, letting out a distressed wail that made Peter's heart ache. "I'm sorry buddy."
Tony grumbled about not being tired, but fell asleep not even a minute later much to Stephen's amusement. The sorcerer stood up from the bed and leaned down to press a kiss to Tony's forehead before heading off to the bathroom to shower. There was no way he was going to leave his boyfriend alone tonight, all jokes aside about Tony accidentally killing himself, Stephen wanted to take care of his boyfriend just like the man took care of him on his bad days.
Peter has to admit that it's a pretty cute sight. When the adult versions of his dads do this, it's disgusting but with the kids versions it's adorable. Especially with how protective baby Steve is of baby Tony.
The teen looks over and finds two sets of large eyes staring at him curiously, bread crumbs around their mouths and Tony leaning forward on Steve's lap to better look at the sixteen year old.
"You giant oaf, you frighten the children," Loki scolds his brother and Peter would snicker at their banter if he weren't sitting far from Tony's reach. "Now young one, there is nothing to be afraid of. Thor is something of a puppy, you mortals call him." Loki's now kneeling next to Tony who slowly pulls his hands away from his ears and stares at the mage with wide eyes.
"Uh," was all the noise both Sam and Bucky made as they stared between a very angry and tired Tony Stark and one bright red and embarrassed Steve Rogers.
"Come on, baby," Steve says softly as he jumps out of bed and helps baby get off, glad that baby was smaller than him.
"Peter!" The cry of a small girl brought him out of his thoughts and he looked behind him to see Morgan, his little sister, running towards him with tears in her eyes and still in the black dress Pepper had dressed her in earlier that morning for the funeral. Well, the actual funeral had been yesterday, but this one had been more of a symbolic one where they'd sent off his dad's arc reactor off into the lake.
Tony waits with his arms cross against his chest and a scowl on his face until Steve's laughter dies to soft chuckles.
"I- Yeah! That'd be great! I'm really looking forward to tomorrow then. Get to hang out with my two favorite boys."
Peter nods and makes a face as Tony kisses his cheeks, blushing right after when he realizes Steve was watching the two with a big smile.
"Baby, ya halfta eat!" Steve exclaims as he looks over at Tony who whines and buries his face in Peter's neck. "Baby has to eat. Promise baby will eat?" Steve looks up at Bucky who bites back the chuckles that threaten to escape.
"A little reminder never hurt anyone. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get Clint to stop planning someone's murder."
"Naugh'y," Peter says as he grabs the spoon with his right hand, holding it awkwardly as he scoops up some ice cream and takes a big bite.
It's been a week now and there's still no signs of either of them changing. Peter found himself missing his dads more and more with each passing day, but luckily the pocket sized versions of them helped ease the feeling a bit. This morning after breakfast, Peter had informed the team he'd be taking the toddlers to the park while they headed for SHIELD. The children had been locked indoors all week and they were getting restless and cranky so Peter figured a bit of fresh air would do them some good.
Tony's shoulders sag in relief, the tension completely leaving his body and his smile relaxes into a more genuine one. Peter only whines when Tony tries to get him out of his hiding place and Steve watches with a gentle smile as his tiny boyfriend all but loses to a three year old.
i didn't name the baby, but assume it's peter. also, expect more october themed one shots throughout the month and if you have a prompt in mind, please drop it in the comments.
Peter's quiet for a bit, just attempting to process everything that he was told and that he's seeing. His parents were three (and a half) and though it was temporary, how long was temporary? A day? A week? Month?
Steve snickers and steals one more kiss from Tony before getting up and continuing to help Bucky and Sam with emptying out his apartment.
Letting out a sigh, Peter looked up at the blue sky and scowled. The day was beautiful and he hated it. Hated that he couldn't enjoy it and that his dad couldn't enjoy it. He hated that the only reason why everyone he'd once called family, plus some more, were together again was to say goodbye to the one man they'd all wronged through the years.
In the morning, Peter wakes up with both boys on top of him. If it were up to him, he'd just lay there until they woke up, but he has to go to school and move out from under them even if it means waking the three year olds up.
"Hey, no, it's okay," Peter coos as he approaches the toddler who was reaching out for him desperately. "I'm right here."
"Please. Tony's starting to fall asleep," Peter says as he takes one of the towels as the water starts to drain from the tub.
The genius walks over to the pair and kneels down by Steve's hair, reaching a hand out to run his fingers through his boyfriend's blonde hair.
They head back inside once the fireworks are over and in the midst of the celebration, Steve drags Toni up to their floor and pins her against their bedroom wall, pupils blown wide with lust as he stared down at the shorter woman.
"What are you doing here? You can go, you know," Tony mumbles as he pulls the blankets tighter around himself, fever glazed eyes glued on the TV screen though he had no idea what he was even watching.
"Nice of you to join us, Mr Stark," their teacher told the young genius as he kept glaring at Tony who simply leaned back in his seat without a care in the world, coffee cup still in hand.
They get outside after a minute and find Tony sitting on the sidewalk next to the moving truck wearing his orange tinted sunglasses with Peter sitting next to him with his own pair and the two eating a red colored Popsicle.
"They was big," Tony says shyly as he stares at his food, struggling to get some peas onto his little plastic fork until Loki smiled and leaned over to help him.
"How To Train Your Dragon," Peter informs the team who nod and he sits on the couch with his mini dads, missing their adult versions who would be curled around him right about now. Instead, he now had to three year olds leaning into his side and giggling every few minutes, their large eyes trained on the screen and Peter decided that this was okay too.
"Yeah? Well good 'cause I love him," Tony confesses as he looks into Steve's deep blue eyes which fill up with tears.
Later that night, Tony called Steve after he'd put Peter down for bed and the genius himself was in his office hoping to finish off a last minute report Pepper had emailed him earlier.
"I'm not taking it personally, but it's a little unsettling and you know I'm not great with kids either," Steve confesses with a slight frown, looking at the TV where the show's ended and is now showing commercials.
"Any luck with getting into contact with Strange?" Bucky asks Sam and Natasha to take the attention off of Tony who was starting to stir in Peter's arms.
"Hey kid, my name's Bucky. I'm a friend of Stevie's," Bucky tells the child who makes a funny face at the name Bucky.
And so Peter explained what the two boys had said and Natasha was not happy. After scolding both boys, she set them in separate corners for time out and Peter went back to finishing their lunch before calling them over.
