'Oh my god,' John exclaims. 'she's Moriarty! She's the one who put that video everywhere.'
He keeps holding the file from his last patient, who just left the office, so he doesn't forget to archive it correctly. Mr. Doyle needs a pain meds prescription almost every month for his arthritis so it always needs to be readily available. He dials line 3.
John looked at her breasts briefly, like he couldn't help it. Good. 'Yeah. Well. I was quite close to my superior, James Sholto. I think he's Major now.' he said trying to look neutral but with a softness around his eyes.
'Ok, what do you want?'
Sherlock.'
John gets up to pace around, turning this over his head. Surprisingly, Sherlock was quiet, letting him process the information.
He spent months submitting himself, waiting for a reward at the end, only to be made a fool once again.
They choose what Sherlock perceives as an adequate glass vase. John complements it with a bunch of pink carnations. He proposes going to dinner, and Sherlock accepts. It's sort of the end of a case, after all. They opt for a greek restaurant and it feels so much like old times, like the last three years never happened, that it takes a bit of John's breath away.
'Ahn, "The problems of your past are your business, the problems of your future are my privilege". ' he reads aloud, evaluating it. 'Quite dramatic. That could be understood as I have the privilege to be with her in the future or-'
'I… think I'll accept it. Thank you. I appreciate it.'
'Are you having an earthquake?'
'For god's sake.' she reclines again, her back to him. He huffs angrily and does the same.
The difference between John and Sherlock's approach to people lies in the key question being asked. John keeps in mind
He had excused himself to shower, and then to bed. He dreamt he and Sherlock were at a rooftop, not Bart's, and Magnussen was there laughing manically at him while being shot over and over again, and then Anna came out of nowhere and pushed Sherlock from the rooftop. John had tried to move, to scream, but he couldn't. He had woken up covered in sweat to find Anna sleeping peacefully by his side. He kept rolling on the bed without batting an eyelid until morning.
He had planned to further try to make Sherlock talk about what Mycroft called "Victor Trevor disaster" which he had refused to. And when Sherlock doesn't want to talk about something, there wasn't a living soul who could convince him otherwise. He is the master of avoidance. The king in changing subjects. Bloody cryptic. Since that afternoon had been a relief in a myriad of aspects, John had let go.
'Surprisingly I did.' he answers. 'Your only fault was being someone else than you showed. Granted, an assassin who was supposed to kill us on more than one occasion, but still.'
They stare at each other focusedly for a moment. John doesn't know if he's capable of tearing his eyes off Sherlock's. The detective looks at the floor for a second before gazing up again, a side-smile forming on his lips, John feels his own moving up and he wants so much…
'Perhaps it's the belly. I understand that. I can barely move around.' she says passively from the bed, while he gets ready for work.
'If Victor's father situation never happened they could still be together for all I know.' he says sullen.
Mycroft inhales loudly, breaking the mood. 'For obvious reasons, we can't call the police unless this puts Mrs. Mary Watson on the spotlight. Our… agreement,' and he spells the word as if it's something nasty. '- I'll respect it. Do you want me to track her?'
smell impregnate the cabinet. He closes the door delicately.
-- * --
Sherlock holds it more steadily. 'I'd rather not.'
‘Jealousy.’ he frowns.
'I have to go.' he murmurs against his Addam's apple. Sherlock locks his arms around his shoulder blades.
The scene in front of him is completely unpredictable. Sherlock is dancing with… Janine?
And he also suspects why, but this is for when the effects pass. Meanwhile, he thinks back to David Payne and Mary Morstan.
‘Oh, that’s great!’ she asserts enthusiastically while folding a t-shirt that has grown small on her, even before the pregnancy. He remembers it, she used on their first morning after, only in her panties, while frying eggs. 'So what about Moriarty?'
. Any court would give Rosie to me, so don't try to be funny on me, John. You'll regret it.'
-- * --
this.
'More of an abstract at this point. The time-range is too large.' Sherlock replies smiling with the wrinkles John loves.
'No. Had break-fest and left.'
'I can make do downstairs.' he had answered boldly, admiring the redness that had tinted Sherlock's face, who only nodded in response.
He removes his hand, but Sherlock remains quiet. He waits. Eventually, Sherlock sighs. 'Why do you want me to say it?' he asks, frowning at John's shoulder.
'I don't
Sherlock doesn't answer, but grips John's sides. The stay awake, breathing each other, for a long time.
'Wait, wait, what stuff are you going to buy?'
'I disrespected you?' he questions taking her bait: he's getting sullen as well. 'Care to tell me how?'
'Sir?'
‘Then it took a good turn.’
John shakes his head, blinking rapidly. He scratches the side of his neck. 'Wanned to seem remorse. So she woulnnot pay attention.' A thin stream of saliva comes from his mouth and reaches his chin. Sherlock takes a tissue from his pocket, the one his old-fashioned father trained him to always keep there, and cleans it.
She smiles again at him. 'You need to rest. Someone will bring you some food soon.'
'I understand. I pay for it, don't I?'
The practising thing demonstrated to be way tougher than he had anticipated. First, he was terrible at acting. Unlike Sherlock, he never participated in the school plays. Once at primary school his mother obligated him to, but he was so awful that the teacher dressed him as a tree and instructed him not to open his mouth. But everyone saw him making absurd faces at the back while Dorothy was attacked by Ethan-the apple tree.
The dark water is a massive weight on his head, pressuring his eardrums until they whistle, entering his nose and his mouth and his lungs, and he knows it’s not a house meant to be lived in. The house and its inhabiting creatures pull you down to the ocean floor, a slow asphyxiation method he can’t help but feel powerless when facing it.
‘She is very connected to the idea of family.’
He guesses the man will leave after being denied John's presence, but John hears some commotion downstairs. Other people's voices. He frowns and opens the door just ajar, trying to hear what's happening.
'Ahn, the second.' he answers awkwardly. They look at each other some more.
'Ok.'
See ya! :)
They quietly watch open a hole in the sand and bury the bucket in it. Without warning, Sherlock dips his head and gives a lingering peck on his lips. John wants badly to entangle himself all over him, but he would never in public, and Sherlock knows that, so he swiftly settles back against John't arm still around his waist.
They exchange greeting kisses, like they used to do before. She turns to John, who has Rosie in her baby carrier. 'And my little girl, I barely see you too nowadays. Come here.'
He frowns at her reticence, but attributes to the visit she just had, which increase his suspicions. 'You said you wanted an unique name for her. Have you thought about something?'
The water blocked his nostrils and filled his mouth and he impeded himself from inhaling just a second more, just a second more, just a s…
They can't suppress the giggles now, but still try to keep it quiet.
'We are… physically fine.'
'You've got to be kidding me.' he says and unconsciously gives a single step back, creating some space between him and Sherlock.
Next chapter on thursday, 28/01/16, hope you stick around :')
(See the end of the chapter for
Well then. He is going to celebrate for once. He's getting a proper birthday cake, maybe birthday hats! Perhaps he should call Molly and Greg?
'No.'
It's a bit past 10pm already. He starts to get nervous. He finishes eating and is already washing his bowl at the sink when Sherlock comes behind him to kiss the back of his neck, while resting his huge hands (John might have a thing here but he's not ready to admit it) over his hips.
He nearly retches on the tub.
Three months and once more, no news from Mary. The GPS tracker had been confiscated by Mycroft and co., so he has no idea if they know her whereabouts. He assumes they'll do the courtesy of warning him if she's in London. Two weeks ago her car was found near Swansea, in a parking lot. John is unable to get too tranquil, since she has been gone for longer periods of time before, and had still come back to torment them. Every day that passes he breathes a little easier, and keeps hoping it lasts.
Of course. 'What will happen to her now?'
John inspects his shoulder fussily. 'Yeah, but we need to put antiseptic and a plaster in it.
Also, a considerable number of people can testify to her lack of presence in the past year. Co-workers from the old clinic in Fulham, their neighbors, Watson's pediatrician, and even the babysitter who was left waiting with the then baby on the day she ran away from Brent Sullivan.
used to humiliate me
Talk to me on tumblr about anything you fancy! Username thanks-mike-stamford
She lowers her voice and gets close to him, as if telling a gossip. 'To be honest with you, I never liked her that much.'
'I could engage more next time.' he says.
From Anna-Greta in Hungary to Priscille Bonnay in Belgium to Lidiya Polzina in Russia to Rachel Bailey in the United States to Mary Morstan in Ireland. Verified 34 homicides, between other illegal activities. Attempted murder against one Sherlock Holmes. There wasn't even a chance the court wouldn't just accept his application. Due to the circumstances it was possible that it would even take less time than the usual.
Sherlock advances slowly. Brent looks over his shoulder at John, gun still up. 'And you put your hands in your head and come too.'
Greg was a bit more complex, they were friendly with each other but it wasn’t like they meet for a pint and talk about nothing. In fact, John wouldn’t have invited him at all if during the “years-without-Sherlock” the DI hadn’t come to him sometimes, out of guilty probably. John accepted because he was the only person that didn’t avoid talking about Sherlock in his presence, and never spared a bitter remark about the consulting detective, even if he smiled fondly after. John hadn’t been wanting more pity and grief, and Greg offered none of it.
'John, your head is getting ahead of your knees!' Shannon says from somewhere in his peripheral vision. He corrects himself, remembering Sherlock's tips.
'Did you make a list?' Mycroft asks Sherlock with a patience John has never seen before. Sherlock seems to want to say something, moving his mouth and looking around, and throws a paper haphazardly. John picks it up.
and John has to keep his gaze at the window to not punch her in the face. She speaks to the driver cheerfully about gas prices, even if he barely talks back. She comments how she watched Casablanca in teenage years and now tarmacs are associated with romantic scenes.
It looks so intimate, so fond, that he turns off the screen with his heart hammering against his chest. He arrives home, takes a shower and changes into pyjamas. Anna is reading a book already in bed. He slides beside her and they both set to sleep.
She drove to Springbrook Road and dumped the corpse out of view. It was late, so she decided to park at the All Saints Cemetery and sleep there.
They share a knowing smile and surprisingly Mycroft reach for them to shake hands. John feels slightly solemn over the whole ordeal. The older Holmes opens the door and it's already a step in the street when he suddenly seems to remember something.
She just shrugs and goes upstairs, John in tow. She takes some clean clothes from the drawer and heads to the bathroom, leaving the door ajar. John notices she doesn't have luggage with her, and he doesn't remember the clothes she is wearing. The toilet flushes and the shower starts. He stands close to the door. 'Anything else?' he asks over the noise.
'So, I had a few ideas, I will read them and you tell me which one you are more inclined to.'
she ended up taking naproxen since it wasn't by force, which is
'Are you okay?' he asks a bit distrustful.
'Please go on, I have the whole day to wait for you guys to discuss it.'
So at night, when the lights are finally out and Mr. Clearwater is given an elephant dose of morphine to sleep (and John has been aware for a while that he does it on purpose), John looks up at the grey ceiling not holding back the tears that flood his eyes immediately, streaming down his face. He hiccups, forcingly keeping his mouth closed as his nose overworks to keep oxygen flowing in. He throws his clenched his fist over his face and cries for a long time, alone in the dark.
A pregnant silence fills the air. John swallows. 'Well, I couldn't just leave you there.'
'You stash weed in your flat?' he asks a bit hysterically. 'Thankfully Lestrade never extended his drugs bust down here.'
The relief quickly dissolved into guilty, because he
'Are they comin' to gemme?' John finally speaks.
'Why do you believe in that?' she asks looking curious now.
He swallows his disappointment. 'Yeah Greg, sort of. But we are… fine.'
He dials one his contacts marked as favourites. He picks up on the fourth ring. 'What happened?' Lestrades's voice sounds alarmed in his ear. 'Say
And even if he fancies that her behaviour that actually put her in a bad path, it keeps coming to memory Sherlock, still in a hospital bed mind you, reading that she had been one of Moriarty's snipers - she was the one who shot the blind old woman and she was at the pool - in different minor circumstances, she would have put a bullet in John's skull. She would have watched him blow up.
'She doesn't have any teeth, Sherlock. All the food needs to be mashed.'
He holds him like this for the whole duration of the weeping, which Sherlock persists in trying to keep down. John doesn't say platitudes or hush sounds, because is futile. He's an expert in nightmares after all. When he finally calms down a couple minutes later John clasps his shoulder. 'Feeling better now?'
John sighs relieved. Teething he can deal with. Mary cleans some invisible dirt from her thighs and stands. 'Look, I also came to say that I need to leave again.'
'You've been reading John's blog - the story of how you met.' Anna announces out of nowhere. Sherlock stops talking and looks at her with confused glassy eyes. John takes Sherlock's phone from her. 'Not right now, please.' he says to her, not waiting for her response.
'This is the question of the year, Mrs. H. She left, and supposedly she will come back. Right now some people are after her, so well just lay low and stand out of the way.'
'Despite the professional content of my website, and myself being the detective in charge, the interesting crimes are usually sent to John's blog.' he says around a mouthful of potatoes.
'Thought so. But I had to ask. Second, we could charge her. Mycroft has enough evidence. And being in MI-6 territory there wouldn't be much media frenzy, if they get to know at all. She would be in a special prison and not a bother for decades.'
When he reaches the final steps of the staircase, Rosie is already there, a second from crawling down. '
It definitely is, and it smells. He hopes she feels safe enough on her feet soon so she can be potty trained, as the appropriate age in all the children's websites (18 months) seems to be approaching.
'I do.'
And then, from one of the bathroom stalls, a cat jumps out.
He thinks about it for a moment, recalling Moriarty, and Irene (still stings, he notices), and Patrick the bartender, and Janine - on his bloody wedding! ‘All the time. All the
‘I can’t do that, but I can fix this for you. You just have to tell me what you want’
There’s a shift and then she is looking intently at him. He stares back, not knowing what to do. After a moment she settles again with her back to him and proceeds to sleep. He turns off his phone, puts it under his pillow and follows suit.
Sherlock embraces him as he could sideways. ‘I'm not judging that. I don’t have your emotional bias in the situation so I can’t possibly tell.’
'John! You're okay?' Shannon asks him appearing a bit worried. He cleans the sweat in his brow with a washcloth.
The detective gets his violin out of the case, and puts a three-page sheet on the music stand. He looks very shy, but keeps turned to John when he starts to play. It commences quite cheerful and youngish, then descends into an angry quick tune, passing for a slow sad melody. It returns to same melody from the beginning, but slowed down so it sounds like closure.
'You were the one saying it aloud.'
Victor Trevor after all, and he even said it was
'Not exactly.' Sherlock answers. 'This one - Viktoria Tereshchenko. She died by accident in the Ukrainian conflicts happening in the last years. Mycroft can tell you more about those. Thomas Barnett, Bill Cooper and Rob Jones were caught by Mycroft's people the day I jumped from Bart's. The ones assigned to kill you, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.' he addresses him.
John lets him take a step back from his grip, and pushes him out of the way, ignoring Mrs. Hudson's pleas and going back to the living room. Not-Anthea is curiously observing the scene for once, but John marches right over and takes the violin case from her, holding it tightly against his chest.
It's kinda funny seeing his feathers getting all ruffled. 'Did your brother set you up? I always suspected he knew too much for a whatever man in the government.'
'Charismatic, you'd say.' Greg looks thoughtful. 'We barely spoke to each other. But Sherlock was better at being sociable when he was around. And he seemed happy. Until Trevor senior died and everything went to shit.'
He gets anxious again, pacing around. He goes to the loo to relieve himself, and wash his face. Anna is still looking at the photographs in the sofa when he hears a car parking outside. He peers Mycroft coming up to his door through the window. He moves to open the door for him. Mycroft looks fatigued, which had never occurred before, not even in the night he summoned John to inform he had sold information on Sherlock to Moriarty.
'You're worried about your performance as a father? Or unsure about how to adapt to a new lifestyle perhaps? Something else?'
That he did. 'You put thought in all the details and you're still sure about it?'
‘You decidedly looks happy about it.’ she comments. ‘I've never seen you so talkative in all these years. You are worrying they will have to adapt with you?’
'Are you a medium now? Can you see the future? You don't know that. And it's
'She doesn't speak English I'm afraid.' Mycroft intervenes. 'Unless you know german…?'
'Relationship problems come around, John. And you've been friends longer than you've been… dating?'
He opts for a side-blog. He chooses a different domain from his main one, and sets it up around eating his sandwich. He calls himself Scott in the profile. He proceeds to erase all the activity from the browser's history before going back to work.
‘No. No. There is another thing I want to discuss.’
He blinks at her. 'I'm sorry?'
Sherlock said that drawing a plan would help at first. So he scribbled a living room, with cabinets in a semicircle by the walls. First one for human anatomy, then other for diseases and its symptoms plus one for treatment pharmacos. This should be good to start with. Seeing the visual part was the purpose of the whole thing, he imagined the place in soft yellow wallpaper, the two windows decorated with closed curtains and a sofa in the middle.
not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
All the boxing lessons, all the hope he had built up, it had been crumbling as he let Magnussen flick his face, and never before he had been so ready to pull his gun at blow up a motherfucker's face. And he invaded Afghanistan. Sherlock had stood there, emotions all over his face, something John finally had admitted to recognize, in the worst moment possible. Knowing what it meant, understanding that face at last, he should have known. He should have impeded it. He should have held him and told him it wasn't worth it.
Oh, of course John. She knew Rosie would be there today. She made friends there. She wanted you to look incapacitated in public.'
'The streets have ears.' John can't see him, but hears the smirk, knowing it is directed to himself. 'And they also told me Mary Watson left London hours ago, so there's no point to this. If you leave now I will even let you go.'
'Passed away.' he says bracing himself for what he knows comes after.
Of course, now that he is in there, he is aware of the possibility that Mary had taken it out with her. Granted, she had her own when the whole Magnussen situation arose, but he has no idea what she did with it, as he never saw it in the house.
Now they have full control on information about Anna-Greta. There are no more additional variables with unexpected outcomes. Sherlock had solved that for him. They have a plan, and they can keep following it. He had fixed it for John.
'Cut it off, Mycroft.' he replies annoyed. 'Not right now, ok? Where's Sherlock?'
John giggles and Sherlock rolls his eyes. 'Medical actually. About healthcare crimes. I can send you a copy if you want, but it will take some months.'
After "Shock" comes "jaffe" for her toy, and "epow", and "nana" for Mrs. Hudson and "jol" for Joyce and "dog" which is an easy one and eventually "dada" because Joyce keeps repeating to her that Dada is coming soon to get her.
Diana is the morning receptionist of the clinic in Paddington, which is considerably bigger than his previous workplace. She's in her early twenties, bleaches her neck length hair and tends to be chatty about pretty much everything to anyone available to listen - he is never, for the record. John is aware she has a nose ring that is removed when she comes in and placed back at the end of the shift.
'I thought we could go pick Rosie together.' Mary tells him. Diana snorts. 'Grab a decent lunch.'
'He was pretty offended, I guarantee. He stormed out of the flat.'
find out about her. Magnussen she could deal with. Lots of people dealt with him, lots of people wanted to see him dead. She probably had currency to exchange with him. But me? I would tell you for sure. She didn't want my help, because the secret wasn't about her past, it was about the present she wanted to maintain. She has been active in murder for hire and whatever crimes since the beginning. That was the whole point of Magnussen.'
to my contact. Did you understand?'
'Because I asked.'
Initially he wrote a work of fiction, about House and Wilson, obviously heavily based on their own experiences, and the book had been divided in two for commercial purposes. He named House after Greg, who almost pissed himself of laughter when he found out. Sherlock had read them before he even sent them to a publisher. He had ignored the name joke, and had said he would be interested in his backstory.
He sighs 'It's not that. I'm not repulsed by your… body.' he hopes she hasn't heard his delay.
John sees him biting an acid answer. 'Remember I said Moriarty is dead, but he's back? Because his position as a crime lord is still vacant after all these years. And Aadhya is back in England. Talking to people she knew, dangerous individuals living in the country. A woman who never changed her name and yet never got caught. Pretty damn smart with computers and guns.'
'He texted me an hour ago. He's probably talking to her right now.'
Moriarty is, ultimately, dead. He is a page turned, and John is honestly glad. He couldn't bear even hearing his name anymore. He understands now how it was still a shadow in his back, tormenting him all the time.
'Can you imagine him with a date? It would be like a sitcom!' she's fully laughing now. 'Painting a moustache and pretending to be a waiter, that's hilarious!'
None of that diminishes the fact that working at this surgery has become unbearable. The environment has never been his cup of tea to begin with, but since he had been labeled as the cheating spouse alienating his daughter, the understated general hostility towards him makes the whole morning go as slowly as possible. He reaches the conclusion that it's honestly not worth it feeling humiliated every day.
-- * --
(six months, Mycroft had predicted), and there was that.
'What was I doing?' Sherlock bites his bait. 'What have I done now?'
‘Ok. What about the baby?’ he asks anxiously.
Sherlock, on the other hand, has always been intrigued by the man. David slinks at the corners of his Mind Palace like a piece of a puzzle he doesn't know the full picture. Why does the man still nurture feelings for Mary? She by all means seems to be the one who left him. Then, why does she keep him around? If she is so friendly, bordering on cosy, why did she break up with him at all?
He obeys, dreading the moment. He has zero experience with proper break-ups, but he supposes this is gonna be it. He sits on his chair, and to his awe instead of just doing the same, John pushes his own chair forward, so it's quite close to Sherlock. He holds his breath as John finally sits, and their knees are tangled.
They kiss for what feels like eternity, which is absurd and cliche and fantastic.
He thinks of Eszter, but says nothing.
if I didn't spend half my time worrying about your next stupid moves!' his voice is louder than John has ever heard. The two men seem to have forgotten he was in the room.
He goes to the kitchen again to finish the can of soup, left on the counter. An hour later he is facing diarrhea in the bathroom, which is a great improvement because at least he has a reason to stay up all night and be distracted by it.
'I don't have a concern ranking, Mary! Why are you angry? You've never been like that!'
'Does that mean you met non-human beings worthy of comparison?' he asks against John's cheek, who giggles madly.
John makes tea for them and sits heavily on his chair facing Sherlock when he's done. They sip in silence.
Nausea finally gives in after it's already dark outside and inside, and he goes down to the living room. He uses the toilet, drinks a glass of water, and collects an expired canned soup he finds at the cupboard behind a jar of pig's fetus. He manages half of it and goes back to bed.
'I'm really sorry Sherlock stopped you murdering someone!'
The cemetery closes at 17:30, everyday. He prepares a small suitcase with some plastic water bottles, a shovel and pickaxe heads, and the stick necessary to use them. At 17:00 he enters and hides in the graveyard until closing time, making sure everyone has left before moving from his spot. It's the first time he has come to see Sherlock's grave, and if everything works perfectly, it will be the last.
'Dun-no.' he is definitely hyperventilating. 'Wowd not right. Can't work. Shlock please.'
'Well I don't have anything on my history, see?' he shows his phone to him. 'I tried messaging and calling you too, but it didn't work, I was always cut off.'
about them. Relationship-wise. What could be crossing Sherlock's mind?
Surprisingly Ella smiles at him. ‘This has to do with the adaptation you were worried about?’ he nods. ‘Are you feeling ready to the new changes in your life, then?’
, but the only question he can formulate in this moment is
'Can someone bother to fill me in?' he asks loudly over the stare competition going on.
'Sorry, yes, I'm sorry, I forgot' he apologizes regretting not going to her sooner. 'He's fine, now they have to be sure he doesn't get pneumonia or infections. When he's finished with antibiotics he'll be ready to come home, to rest if you believe it'
Sherlock looks up at him, brow deeply furrowed. 'What kind of name is Sigerson?'
'I bet you have a project of this somewhere, don't you?' he asks softly, making Sherlock look at him with light eyes.
Sherlock puts his hands down to push himself to a sitting position. John drops the pickaxe aside, and uncaps the water bottle, bringing it to Sherlock's lips, who gulps it generously.
'I think it's the novelty of voicing thoughts. It'll pass.'
They arrive at Baker Street and while Sherlock goes upstairs to pack for himself, John stays at 221A to talk to Mrs. Hudson. There's another silent suit-dressed agent positioned at the door. John can see the outline of a pistol on the inside of his jacket. Mrs. Hudson tells him Rosie is already sleeping.
‘It’s true that I… never moved on Mary. Sorry, I can’t call her Anna-Greta, it doesn’t sound right.’
'The name of the documentary, John, do keep up.'
His eyebrows twitch to indicate he's listening. 'Young father.' he cleans his throat, not knowing what aroused the information provided. 'You seem to be doing well.' he adds after noticing he sounded a bit judgemental unintentionally.
was a reminder of that.
Out of nowhere, John Watson gets Moriarty in a tight embrace, and tell Sherlock to run. It intensified her bad mood. Everyone in the world revolved around Sherlock fucking Holmes, was it? What was that special about him after all? Arrogant posh sod. She's seen a lot of those.
A fortnight after they arrived in Brighton they finally receive the call from Mycroft, who also unblocked Sherlock's phone number, telling them the situation is cleared. Mrs. Hudson would be in a train the morning after, and a car would pick them up just after lunch. Rosie has a bottle, the adults treat themselves to bolognese lasagna and garlic bread, and a single glass of wine each.
John sounds terrified. Sherlock closes his eyes to take a breath for a second, and starts signaling for a cab. 'Can you describe your surroundings? How long ago did you leave home? Are you in your car?'
I want to thank everyone who followed this fic to the end, who subscribed, bookmarked and kudoed. A special thanks to everyone who commented it, I didn't expect so many lovely and kind comments on this fic. I talk about it a bit, and also what's next for me here: https://thanks-mike-stamford.tumblr.com/post/630363288231886848/show-chapter-archive
He blinks out of his revenue and groans, pinching his face. He is too old for this, replaying lovely events in his head all day like a teenager after the first kiss. But they were quite lovely, who can blame him. And also, he doesn’t really want to think about the fact that Janine is probably at his house right now, trying to sweet-talk Anna into abandoning the life she had been prepared to kill for. He doesn’t want to think about how he had given Sherlock no easy options to deal with this, how it sounds very dumb in his head right now that he even considered she would accept this kind of arrangement.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Wait, wait, what are you on about? I didn't ignore anyone.'
'Yes!' she grinned hugely, caressing her belly. 'I did a ultrasound some weeks ago. I remembered you told once that you'd like a girl, wasn't it? Oh, everything is perfect!'
Sherlock feeds her beforehand, and promises to sit tight waiting for Rosie to come back. They arrive at the restaurant five minutes before Mary, who comes in a black cab. At the table she makes a show of giving the tablet to Rosie, showing some videos for babies in it, but the kid is not interested at all and seems very suspicious of her.
Nursing wasn't actually so bad. At uni she heard a lot that nurses were only wannabe doctors who failed, or didn't have the capacity. But she never had the interest in being a doctor. It was being a nurse that planted the idea that she could be an assassin.
First things first, there are only two bedrooms at the flat. One is for the baby of course. Skyler? He doesn’t want to concede again for her, but he likes the name. Ok, let’s go with Skyler. Skyler can take the smaller bedroom, which had been his? The stairs make him a bit uneasy but he can block the door with those baby-proof gates. And he could sleep… with Sherlock. Oh my, he’s quite jumping ahead isn’t he?
The man steps quickly out of the car, and they both help to carry her inside of the of the sedan. She stomps to the far side of him, making clear she doesn’t want him near. She’s also crying silently, holding her belly. The driver is fast in taking them out of there. John starts to text Sherlock to warn him. ‘Where are we going?’ he asks the man at the front.
and hangs up on him. He takes a deep breath before excusing himself to Mrs. Weible, but goes to reception to get the file.
'Oh, for god's sake, he can't leave me alone for a
Sherlock brings a large picnic towel to cover the ground so Rosie can crawl over it. John had no idea he even owned such a thing. But then, Sherlock also used to own a clown costume that he actually wore on a case. John has to remember to tell this story to her when she's older. They both sit down on the ground and Rosie gravitates between them. She lets out some whines from time to time, and then seems to forget it.
Sherlock looked impossibly puzzled.
'He was playing with strange things in the kitchen.' she whispers to them as they put the hats on. 'Here the candles, I'll go up first!'
'Hello, miss thing!' he scoops her up and receives a wet kiss at the side of the nose for his trouble. 'What did you say? Mail?'
It takes a few moments of rapid pulse, but he finally answers. 'What?'
He had stayed a week locked in a cell, completely alone with his mind, turning over the fact that he was going to die and he wouldn't hear John's deep regular breath ever again. He was going to suffer physically and mentally until he couldn't take it
John turned absently minded the flash drive in his hand, staring at a spot in the linoleum floor, knowing Sherlock was regarding him closely. When wasn’t he?
'Yes! Yes. I just got carried away a bit.' he winces and drinks water from his squeeze, as Shannon makes a comprehending expression.
'Yes. I have enough evidence for this case to be over on my part. Favour paid back.'
A few minutes after he hangs up the car appears and drives him to Baker Street. At least he has his keychain with him. Sherlock is in his outside suit, meaning he has just arrived. He seems surprised to see John. More than he expected.
John shrugs. 'You could say that.'
Mrs. Hudson actually took away anything that was on the table when he was in hospital, but she wasn't aware of the pig fetus inside the cupboard. It's in formaldehyde, so John just moves it from behind the coffee pot to the shelf designated for experiments. He scrubs the fridge and the sink with sanitiser, and the table with water and soap. Later he will go out for groceries to restock the kitchen with actual food. He needs to buy some apparatus anyway.
!' Sherlock yells at him and jumps to catch his hand away from Anna. 'What are you
'You're coming back for dinner, right?'
He puts the hold back in place and calls Mary on his mobile. It goes straight to voicemail. There is no point in fretting over that right now, so he calls Sherlock next.
'He's the most important person in the world to me.' John replies, knowing he's tipsy too, otherwise he would never say that aloud to someone else.
Mycroft looks up. 'Ah, John. I've come to take Sherlock's things. I'm sorry we couldn't talk earlier.'
So, of course, he googled Victor Trevor, who he suspected to be Sherlock's ex. Luckily it wasn't that common a name, and narrowing down to UK he found some facebook profiles. The one that struck him with more potential had been a certain Victor Trevor born two years before Sherlock, currently living in Dubai, ok, but had finished his studies in Cambridge around the time he was sure Sherlock was also there. He had a degree in History of Art, and apparently worked in a tea company. Right.
and slept thoroughly for the first time in days.
'What a mess of a relationship.' John asserts all of a sudden, studying the glass still on the carpet.
Come talk to me on tumblr: I'm thanks-mike-stamford.
Sherlock sits down on the sofa adjacent to its arm, ostensibly to watch TV.
Since it’s a self-fulfilled prophecy, try to avoid visualizing a pink elephant and that’s all you’ll have in your mind, he rewinds the events. Sherlock putting a coffee in front of him, Sherlock pulling him all the way to the canteen, Dr. Coleman going back inside the staff area of the hospital, him almost losing his temper at her, Dr. Coleman explaining to him there were no signs of pregnancy or a baby, him questioning if she had mistaken the patients charts, Sherlock’s hand at his shoulder anchoring him, Dr. Coleman saying Anna wasn’t pregnant.
The woman gapes at Sherlock, as if suddenly aware he's standing right beside John. 'Excuse me?'
Sherlock closes his eyes and rests back against his pillows. 'I know it seems insane, but think with me ok? All this is happening because she wanted to prevent you from knowing the truth about her, she wanted to keep you. If you pretend to forgive her, she'll feel like she's won after all.'
Sherlock looks as if he's been slapped in the face.
After that, there was the wedding. He had asked himself if it was normal to not to be fully delighted, participating in all the plans - even Sherlock had been completed involved. And all John wanted was to ignore all that.
'Then renegotiate it. Aren't you the mastermind of bargaining with people? Don't make him leave for this mission.'
'Feeling sick. Can you get me an antacid?'
Sherlock shrugs. 'I don't blame him. Nor was I angry. But I honestly liked him. So. There's that.'
For someone who thought he feared the war all those years ago, she seems to have improved a lot in her job in the meantime.
So, good-bye lovelies! Talk to me on tumblr! User thanks-mike-stamford!
John knocks on the door. ‘Composing?’
'Oh, for god's sake!' she spits at him. 'He was never in real danger. Mycroft Holmes had everything in his pocket agenda.'
John throws the door open and bolts downstairs. Mrs. Hudson is watching from the kitchen doorway as a couple men with some cardboard boxes go around the flat, collecting stuff. Mycroft is near the window, where Sherlock's music stand usually is located, packing away music sheets that have been lying about. Not-Anthea holds the violin case with one hand and types on her Blackberry with the other.
He hadn't intended to, but he gathers from her tone that he would be in trouble if he didn't. 'Yeah, sure.' he gets up and she smiles at him.
Mycroft sighs. 'My brother's prospect has been largely discussed by the concerned authorities. I was able to suspend charges on official jurisdiction. However, he needs to compensate by providing services to the Union.'
things that shouldn't be easily accessed were in the closet, and a lock should be provided as soon as Rosie started walking.
! But I'll need more detailed pictures of her house.' he points at Sally, as if emphasising it, and then side-eyes John at the other end of the L table. 'And don't think I'm not aware you are pushing this to me conveniently two days before the deadline your publisher gave you.'
'It would be a bit strange wanting amorous activities with another person than your spouse on your wedding day.'
'I don't know.' he answers between gritted teeth, averting from her gaze.
'Doesn't matter.'
, John doesn't need to think about anything else.
. He answers Anna remotely as she expresses apprehension towards the news, but the only thing in his mind is that
Watson is acting cranky because of the jab she took earlier. She had whimpered a bit during the procedure, but what appears to be bothering her the most is the residual arm pain. He focuses on distracting her so the conversation between her father and the lawyer is not interrupted, but he's trying not to dwell on the fact that he's the one who needs a distraction.
The driver produces a plastic bag out of somewhere and Sherlock vomits in it immediately. Anna looks a bit weary, so John stumbles over her to change seats. He has another wave of nausea as the car turns a street and John tries to hold his fringe out of the way. Sherlock breathes heavily for a moment, trying to control the sickness. They stop at a traffic light, and the driver reaches behind him again, offering a water bottle. John takes it and gives it to Sherlock, who is now reclined against the window and holding the bag as far as he could.
John dry swallows. 'It's okay. I… I understand, really. You were worried about him.'
He stops and sits up, fine sweat covering his brow. 'Fucking shit!'
he regrets it. It sounds awfully like flirting. Fortunately he has an excuse to delete all his messages. He wants to investigate with Sherlock but he is afraid Anna will find out the ongoings and it would ruin everything. So he sits back and waits for Sherlock and Mycroft to finish. He wishes he had his gun, but the last time he saw it had been in Appledore. Truth to be told, he's not sure he would trust a firearm inside his house.
He runs downstairs to drop the bag at the foyer and collect a bucket from under the kitchen counter. John is still in the same place, but looking around quickly, as if following a fly.
"And yet you hold this power over me" she thought nervously. This is not how a job is supposed to go. But the offer was beyond tempting.
He fulfills me like nobody else ever did
Second reason the adoption topic hasn't come out is his lack of closure from her. He doesn't know what is going to happen in the close future, nevermind forever. He needs to be sure there are no impediments. He needs to get rid of this terrible obstacle he put himself into.
Sorry, I forgot to post yesterday! But here it is! I'm going home for Easter, but I don't know if I'll be able to post the new chapter on the weekend. Any changes I'll post on tumblr. Come talk to me there! username thanks-mike-stamford.
(See the end of the chapter for
They stay in silence for a bit. Sherlock picks at his waist absent-mindly. 'You're tense.' he murmurs.
'I… Ahm, well.' he grips his own nape, looking around, then sighs. 'He was already dead when the help arrived.' he answers in a very low voice. 'I actually went to his funeral yesterday. It had to be delayed for the coroner report, since it was a criminal case.'
'Perhaps she recognised me, and purposefully ran away.' he wondered aloud.
'Not really.'
The USB stick arrives somewhere by the end of November, early in the morning. Sherlock, not really being a morning person if he doesn't have an interesting case on, is lounging on his armchair draped in his white sheet (pants on, by previous agreement), trying to not look sulky while sporting a crumpled pillow face and disarranged frizzy curls. Rosie had decided to wake up before dawn, refusing to settle down again.
'You deduced it, didn't you?' he waves the paper, and Sherlock opens one eye to spy on him.
what kind of person I am. You were almost on your knees to make me come back.' she also throws the other bags in the backseat. 'You never complained about me paying the mortgage, because you are a pathetic poor dog that waves your tail to whomever throws a bone of affection.'
' he continues, just before a thunder cuts the sound. John frowns at it.
Sherlock, impatient as always, lumps forward to get to his feet. John is still angled down and he sees the flashes of white. 'Sherlock, what is that on your back?'
soft warm under. stretch. smell nice. squeeze with paw.
He is also given a jab of tetanus immunoglobulin for his trouble. As she is pressing the puncture wound with a cotton ball, he asks again 'Where's Sherlock?'.
‘Did she go to the obstetrician anytime?’
this would happen! Do you think I'm stupid, John? That I wouldn't notice what you're doing? Making people come here and sweet talk me into what, exactly? What is it that you wanted? Janine, David, who was next?'
He furrows his brow, reaching for the drawer where his phone is lying, on silent. 'Mary was supposed to pick her up an hour and a half ago.'
'It was one of my first deductions about you, in fact. I just refrained from analysing it further.' he continues, satisfied that she didn't seem to have a bashful answer to that. 'Honestly, it was you who did all the work. If you hadn't shot me, you'd probably still have a husband.'
Sherlock avoids his eyes. 'It's just some ideas.' he mumbles while putting a purple hand over Rosie's yellow ones on the poster board over the coffee table.
Every now and then he has to stop and recover his breath. One of the water bottles is positioned by the side of his work place so he can take a sip. His arms start to tremble and his shoulders hurt like hell, a headache begins to crawl up at the front of his skull, and he can only continue out of spite and adrenaline.
and nobody to supervise this time? I thought people learned from their mistakes.' he steps out still drying his hair and only in his trousers. John tries very hard not think how he's not wearing pants.
'Well, he's in the shower right now.'
He gulps. 'No. Just… aah... There's a cat that lives around the neighbourhood and I've been putting some food for it on the windowsill at night. The wind must have brought the fur.'
'And keep your eyes up when walking.' he finishes stamping the prescription and giving to him. The boy takes a look at the sheet.
'We could buy Mrs. Hudson another vase.' Sherlock suggests when they finally are able to leave.
He buys a digital thermometer and saline drops. At home, the thermometer already sterilized, he cleans the kitchen table and covers it with a duvet, putting Rosie on her stomach over it.
'Do you miss someone from the Army?' she asked with a soft smile and open expression, watching him squirm subtly in his seat.
'Good job. Dr. Watson, be a gent and put your gun away, it's trouble enough pretending it doesn't exist.' Mycroft says from the doorway, surveilling the scene in front of him. Anthea trails not far behind, head bent in her phone.
'Well, you tell me Watson. Do you like your meat puree?'
. John boggles at wall. The woman had been in his house drinking tea, for god's sake!
Sherlock snorts, places his own hand on top of John's. 'Why did you drink coffee she made?'
'Oh.' he licks his lips. 'I love you too.' he replies softly.
Sherlock comes into the kitchen and hugs him from behind, crossing his arms over his shoulders. He plants a long kiss on John's nape, which is quite lovely, so he shivers all over. 'I have something to show you.' he murmurs against his neck, and releases him. They return to the living room, where Sherlock motions for him to sit on his chair.
Mary crosses her arms, pursing her lips. 'Where's John? I went to the clinic and they told me he left months ago.'
Sherlock nods, so he delicately pushes him to the bed, pulling the duvet back over them. They get as close as possible to each other in the middle of the bed, intertwining legs and holding each other tight, kissing deep and slowly. John's heart is hammering against his chest, he prays hard that he doesn't die right here. He buries his hand in Sherlock's glorious curls and moans himself in pleasure of the sensation, making Sherlock shiver all over. He ventures his other hand under Sherlock's shirt, savouring all the silky skin.
John smiles at him, all soft at the edges, like there's no one else in the room. He smiles back, but can't bear to look at it much longer, so he directs his glance to the floor, trying to control the flutter in his stomach.
The guy could be an assailant, but John doubts it. Those people were usually very straightforward. Human trafficking, for all the years working on crime, is usually more subtle than this. Something in his gut was telling him this is personal, and not random at all.
This is what scares him more.
John had experienced it before. He had been deaf for long minutes after being just close enough to an exploding car in Afghanistan. The blast wind movement can be dangerous to the tympanic membrane. His hearing was right as rain soon after the incident, but it did impede him from hearing Bill Murray calling his name seconds before he was shot in the shoulder.
He flinches. 'I know I did wrong. I should have assisted you. But you know very well why I needed the space.'
'This is pretty much rhetorical, considering both of you profit equally from the work partnership, even if you like to pretend otherwise in the website.'
. All for nothing.
Sherlock plays with a lint on the towel, looking down. 'I don't know.' the reply is very quiet.
And then her tone completely changes, adopting a high pitch that sounds very unnatural. 'Hello, Rosamund! I missed you! Come on, talk to mama.' as she tries to pull the kid from Sherlock to her on arms.
It took a year for her to finally meet John Watson. In what she considered a move of fate, they started working in the same clinic. However, after all that time, he still grieved deeply for his friend's death and it showed to the most observant ones, like her. Likely seeing a therapist.
John snorts and reclines again, thumping his heard hard against the wall with a dull noise. Sherlock winces in sympathy. 'I bugged her phone again. Even found hers shecret phone. Pssft. Bitch.'
'What do you mean why?'
'That I'm alive. Ajay has been talking before dying.'
Sherlock's eyes are wide as saucers. 'What about me?'
'Sherlock.'
'What happened?' Mary's voice comes from downstairs. His adrenaline is high as a kite.
'And you knew all the time? Well, Sherlock knew for sure. He let you marry her!'
. Ok. Focus.), but is being kinda coy. John thinks it's very endearing.
He watches Sherlock fixing more photos at the end of a line connected to Aadhya. A blond woman with East Europe features. Twin black guys. A bald dude with many tattoos that strikes John as very familiar, until he remembers he was the one talking to Mrs. Hudson the day Sherlock jumped, when John thought she had been shot. A slim young man he's sure he saw in Greg's department before. An asian girl who he swears is a kid and two other unremarkable blokes.
John looks up at him. 'You're talking about Victor. You
John hasn't been to breakfast since christmas, so obviously Sherlock doesn't have anything suitable for consumption in the fridge. After they eat at Speedy's John coerces him to help making the living room somewhat presentable again, since there's still glass on the carpet, and the table is turned up which means all the trash on it is on the floor now.
John giggles and pecks him, carefully storing that info for later. ‘Let's see what we can do about it.’
'Harmful lies surely, about my inhuman sexual prowess.' Sherlock replies in the same way.
!' he runs to Sherlock's bedroom, where one man had already taken the framings out of the wall and packed, and the other has messed up Sherlock's sock drawer. 'Get the fuck out, right
John blinked at him. 'So, in sum you are suggesting boxing to me because you used to and it helps to relax?'
-- * --
John's heart skips a beat. 'Sherlock? You all right?'
Mrs. Hudson peeks through her door. 'Sherlock, what happened?'
John ruminates the thought for a while. 'Well, if she runs away, I don't have any responsibility for her decisions. I promised protection if she stayed, but that was not enough for her.'
'Yes.' he doesn't offer more.
Oh John, really, that obvious?
'Many time writing is a way to express what you can't manage to say. That's why I suggested a blog when you first came to me.'
And in the top shelf, the one he couldn't reach without a chair, the very first thing he deposited inside the cabinet, a locked box. He had the key somewhere, but he didn't remember exactly.
Next he disattaches the pickaxe to put the shovel head in its place. Taking a deep breath, he starts digging. And digging, and digging. Nobody realises how much work it is to open a grave. He gets all sweaty and definitely itchy at his back. His face picks up the dust coming out of the exercise, and combines with the sweat dripping from his forehead, resulting in a disgusting muddy layer over his face. Sand and small pebbles manage to make their way inside his boots, scratching uncomfortably his feet.
'Holy Jesus! How? When? I don't even know what to ask!'
'I want to get out of here, obviously.' he answers, petulant.
'So, how the meat ranked in your system?'
See you guys!!! Come talk to me on tumblr, seriously! username thanks-mike-stamford
So he showers, changes into his pyjamas - how Anthea entered his house to pack some things for him he really didn't want to know - and pours some scotch. He sits by the fireplace, sipping the bitter drink slowly, refilling the glass a few times.
John wonders "what did I see in her?" until he drifts off.
Sherlock gets her up, already investigating the case. He tastes the food, nothing wrong. Both parents observe him from the sofa. He then puts his finger on her lip, pushing it down slightly to look inside her mouth. 'Aha. Apparently she has started teething.'
'Lovely. I'm sure you can call them later for tea.' he sits down in front of him. 'Let's have a little chat about you using Sherlock again as exchange currency.'
'So if you want to cheat on your wife, whatever dude, that's on you.' he interrupts John. 'But don't estrange her from her own daughter, you don't have the right.'
‘Is it because you think he could do better?’
Sherlock rolls his eyes. 'Yeah, basically that. You're still too angry to do this properly.'
'How?' Sherlock leans forward and his face is a giant question mark, although his cheeks did get tinted pink at John's admission. 'How did you do that? What is going on, because I don't understand!'
Obviously he would be good with knives, John thinks watching him rapidly transforming a whole onion in small same-size cubes. Sherlock seems to possess dexterity in all manual activities. John moves around him with a hand on the small of his back to take a look at the recipe on his phone, lying on the kitchen table.
'Woah, rude, young man!' Mrs. Hudson chastises him. 'Come on, eat a biscuit.'
She looks at them assessing the situation. 'She's having a nap down here.'
"Apparently yes." he thinks sourly. 'What is bothering you? That I spend time with him? He's my best friend! You even told me to spend time with him!'
Oh god, no.
'Well, you know what to do, mate. Go catch your detective before he runs away.'
He doesn't ask what she means, but only because he doesn't know how to answer. So he leaves the room, and this time he knows he's finished with her.
get close to big cat. smell. my smell? nice.
He hears a whisper of good-night from Sherlock and after that his steps growing distant. When John finally looks up he is already turning a street corner in the main road's path, probably to take a cab. He revolves to get back inside when a movement catches his attention.
The inserts about an inch of the object in her rectum. Whines are full complaints now, and she pumps her tight fists on the table surface. 'Yes, that will be the Watson temper talking.' he addresses, focused on the small screen reading. The thermometer finally beeps, showing 37.8 °C. 'Not a fever but higher than it should, uhm?'.
When he finally revealed that he had a mind palace of his own, he had been more astounded with Sherlock's shock, that he had made mistake, that he had counted with a crucial factor for the whole Anna-Greta plan to work, but it didn't exist. That all he had done had been for nothing. John was not used to Sherlock getting it wrong and not being able to force his way out.
'Yes, Grace, I don't know how long I will be away, sorry for that.' John ignores Sherlock now trying to hack into MI6 database and makes some calls of his own. 'My leave is already being renewed? Oh, that's great. No no, of course it was me, I just wanted to be sure the, uhm, documentation went through. Thank you.' he hangs up and takes a piece of paper out of Rosie's hand just one second before going into her mouth.
‘Probably not. But I hope she’s shifty after that. I still have a card.’ Sherlock replied likewise, behind semi-closed eyelids. ‘Mycroft is sure she still has family in Hungary. He’s trying to contact them.’
‘Wouldn't be better to
'Then what happened?'
He spends hours with Rosie on the carpeted floor showing her how the movement is supposed to be done. She pushes up to her elbows and watches him very curiously. John refrains from saying he looks like teaching some tricks to a dog, because at least they are entertained.
Sherlock babbles something about Emilia Ricoletti and how Moriarty died, but he's talking quickly, changing constantly the volume of his voice and not finishing his sentences,
'Anytime dear. You know that. Please take care, I'll be downstairs.'
John is furious. He arrives half an hour after them. Mrs. Hudson entertains them in her kitchen until them, and Sherlock gives lunch to Rosie while John and Mary go the client's office next door to have their shouting match. John shouts at least, he can't hear anything Mary is saying, which is usually how their fights go.
He bolts in front of everyone to be the first to board. However, as soon as he sees Sherlock, John knows something is clearly wrong. First, he's pale as death, face sweaty. His eyes are closed and moving frantically behind his eyelids. He hears Anna and Mycroft coming on his heels. 'Sherlock?'
The reception. Of his wedding. Which reminded him of his insanely jealous murderous wife.
'Well,' he shrugs. 'her perfect timing took you out of that plane, wasn't it?'
'Why?'
'. Anna gawks at him in shock. Mrs. Hudson gasps.
'They obviously know the optimal times to turn it on.' And the muscle of his thigh contracts against John's. 'Also, the editing of shows like this are crucial. The most important part of tv I'd say.'
He approached slowly once again, kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and just stayed there, his lips locked with the smooth skin and his nose sort of immersed in his cheek. He felt the detective closing his eyes by the flipping of eyelashes against the side of his own face. Then a thought crossed his mind, an old desire that had taunted him day and night. He changed the location of his nose from Sherlock’s cheek to his neck. Oh, now that was a nice place to bury himself and die in peace, and going by Sherlock’s shudders and the tight embrace he created, he agreed as well. The glorious neck. So long…
And then, like nothing happened in over three months she was away, she's in the house again. John is so perplexed he doesn't have a reaction at first. She just walks past him to the kitchen, and John follows gingerly. She takes a glass of water from the tap and gives a once over inside the fridge.
So, really, while he is enough of an idiot to not have expected, he gives himself credit for not being exactly
He hurriedly skips the "Details of children" section.
They keep watching the spectacle frozen in place. Soon the firemen arrive, and start working on putting out the fire.
'You must at least celebrate, John!' she is adamant on convincing him. 'I'm sure you haven't been irresponsible with your finances, you'll be fine.'
(and as always, come talk to me on tumblr. User thanks-mike-stamford)
'A very nice lady came to him last week.' she looks for the tea box in a cupboard of Sherlock's kitchen, finds a jar containing a single hand in formaldehyde and closes the cupboard. 'She was looking a bit desperate. Afraid I didn't catch her name.'
‘I want my child.’ he said resolutely, locking his gaze with him.
'Ye-es.' he can hear the frown, his tone now suspicious. 'Their mother left them and is going to pick them up on Sunday. Why?'
'Why do you insist in being so
'Not everything is about you.' he sniffs and narrows his eyes at her. 'What if Rosie was here, uhm? Are you going to tell me who this is?'
He puts down the empty beer. 'Could say so. He had a motivation at least. Took months, and he relapsed a couple times, but I think he managed very well. When you came by he really was clean.'
She goes relieve herself, and thinks they could do with a coffee. She buys two cups at the canteen, but back to their corridor, nobody sits on the chairs beside the door. She checks the nurses at the wing desk, all of them are outside, chatting.
See you soon :)
'Oh!'
'Who knows. But we can't change the past, only the future.' they exchange incredulous stares. 'Yeah, I'm a bit tipsy already, but you see: Victor is not coming back. Sherlock had been so sure he wouldn't that he gave up. He liked him a lot, I give you that, but he moved worlds for you. He is actually
'You really worked yourself from the bottom to the top.'
'Mhrow.' is the short answer. He shrugs and keeps digging. He's sure he's almost done.
The living room is stinking with old vomit. Was it only two days since that? Felt like ages definitely. He ignores the thing and searches the kitchen for the cardboard boxes he's sure they still have. A bunch of them in hand, he migrates to the bedroom, and starts to remove the contents of the wardrobe. He separates mechanically his possessions from Anna's, which are very few, he comes to realise. It occurs to him that Ezster must have come to get most of her things to take with her. He texts Mycroft to confirm it, just in case.
I realised that all my talking scenes are basically people sitting down, argh.
Sherlock frowns at him. 'Of course I don't. Why would I?'
He opens his mouth, but closes again. He's going to explain, John has to know about the issue that has been keeping him awake, but it's not fair on any of them, their biggest problem right now will be soon resolved, and if he verbalises his feelings all his efforts will just have a sour taste. He reformulates the explanation in his head, but what actually comes out of his mouth is a traitorous hiccup.
A black car appears out of nowhere. The driver’s window is lowered to show a hard-looking man in suit. ‘She needs to go to the hospital!’
'It's better to be prepared, you know how I am.' he says, very defensive. John smiles softly.
'What is it you're insecure about?'
Sherlock wishes a cigarette right now, but there's no remedy for that. So he straightens his shirt and walks to the kitchen to prepare two reinforced shots of whisky. He gives one to John and settles with his own.
'I did go homeless for around six months.' the man himself tells him while watching John pushing Rosie on the swings. She's a bit afraid at first so he does it very gently. 'How do you think I formed my network?'
'... No.'
He sits there, drinking his
'Well, my family spends a lot of time here. I suppose John never got rid of the habit.' she keeps smiling, and John tries so hard but can't see past her careful kind Mary Morstan facade. She has been building it for years, so it makes sense. 'And you, Sherlock? Decided to expand the flat? I see some work is being done.'
Sherlock had immediately jumped on the mission of getting to know cat John, who had been locked in his upstairs bedroom the whole time. Problem is, cat John had never seen any human before, and it's not social at all. Sherlock had tried to touch him, and the result is the scratches currently sitting on his hand, and John hiding under the bed the whole night. He had transformed right there in the morning, and had to crawl out full of dust and fur, and ended up rolling over the poop that cat John had released in fear.
has been sparring him of so much since he came back. John had told him to fuck off and he did, and yet he ran straight to a bonfire to save him. John made him be his best man knowing he hated these things, and the man took care of the minimal details, even warning off his fiancé's ex who still nurtured feelings for her. His wife actively shoots him in the heart, and his priority is to unveil the truth to John in the most trustworthy fashion. He hid his own problems to John could resolve his, without asking for nothing.
Sherlock's official
He smiled back, a bit flirtatious. 'Sure. How about tomorrow night?'
'I can check for you at Speedy's if you clean her, if the face she's making is what I think it is.'
'You are amazing.' he says at some point.
He stares at the device confused. The signal is on. He types Sherlock's number again, but on the dialer. Instead of ringing, the call is cut off. He tries calling the clinic. The familiar voice of the receptionist answers. He hangs up. He attempts to call Sherlock and is cut off again.
'Obviously you already know.' he mutters. 'You know what? I'd prefer if you were with me if you don't mind.'
'It's been a while, dear.' Mrs. Hudson intervenes. 'Where have you been?'
The sand is up to his ankles now. The air is very dry, and sweat pools under his nape. He can't open his eyes. 'Stop that.'
As he raises the razor again, there's pounding on the door. He almost drops the object.
kissed, in John’s very own presence, mind you. They had been sort of… intimate. She called him a pet name, she knew where the things were placed in the cupboard, she slept in his bed even if he wasn’t there, she took a shower with him—
don't go where I can't follow you. Heck, he tried to make Sherlock run and save himself, but he didn't listen. And look how that ended.
'Hey John! Didn't expect you here!' she says smiling.
He gets up to prepare a cup of Nexium and bring back to the living room. She drinks in small gulps.
'By the clock.' is the bored response. And then with more excitement. 'Her syllables are sounding more refined. I bet she'll be speaking her first words within a month.
He chooses a modern waltz, with a woman actually singing over it, because he thinks it will be easier for John than a classical piece. The man himself is very attentive to follow his steps, which Sherlock finds quite endearing. He looks directly into Sherlock's eyes the whole time. Sherlock gently makes him spin from side to side, none of them really guiding. John rests his lips under Sherlock's jawline and murmurs 'I choose you.' until Sherlock releases his tight grip on him.
'I DON-I don't want a biscuit, thank you Mrs. Hudson.' he turns to the fireplace, listening to her leaving the room while muttering. He waits for Sherlock's remark.
This is nothing like it. Sherlock had been a few metres in front of a professional bomb, which exploded right to his face. His figuratively gigantic brain had slammed against his skull, making it swell out of control. He instantly developed pulmonary contusion, which caused an air embolism that led to obstruction of blood flow from the right side of the heart to the left, myocardial ischemia, and eventual cardiac arrest.
Anna-Greta is not in the room.
'All clear, sir!' the one who had been speaking before says aloud.
. ‘Just passing the time.’ he unconvincingly dismisses him, putting the violin in its case and the sheets in a folder. He stands there, holding his hands together at his back. ‘Janine will be here at any time. She texted me when she left your house.’
'If you don't want it we can have just tea, by all means.' she says gently.
John couldn’t resist peppering kisses on him, sinking his fingers in the nest of curls. He pecked his mouth, cheekbone, jawline, and then back on the tip of the pointed nose, which got him another chuckle. He drew back a bit to look at him.
On the other hand he comes to truly realise that his beautiful lovely
John?
A bit later he prepares mashed avocado with peanuts, she eats happily and takes her morning nap right after. Knowing she will only wake up by lunchtime, he brings his laptop to her room (Mary is downstairs watching TV apparently) to pass the time until he has to take a shower to leave for work. He confirms with Joyce that Rosie will be with her in the afternoon.
She raises one eyebrow, smirk playing at the edges of her lips. 'I'm not visiting. I live here. I want to know why my family is not at home anymore.'
'I don't know.' she gives the cup back to him and reclines on the sofa. 'Perhaps the chicken sauce was off. I'll rest a bit.'
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughs, this time with joy. 'Can't say about that. I spent most of that day thinking about you, so.'
' he can't help but raise his voice. 'Rosie calls everyone but she doesn't even
He hears fumbling with keys. It takes a long minute, but his on phone pings with the notification. He pinpoints where John is, and informs the driver.
'’DADA, mail!'
He had been squeezed out like toothpaste.
'I want to know...' he checks again, Sherlock looks relaxed. 'If you mind me living here again.'
-- * --
John still looked hesitant.
As I am posting this my timeline on twitter is full of new spoilers thanks to a new trailer in czech apparently so I'm running away from it. Less than two weeks to go!
'It's 10:26.'
making noise when she's asleep, and I'll need to adapt my working hours, I won't be able to go to cases with you at first, and not so frequently after. It's a lot!'
The truth about Moriarty is uncovered and some precautions are taken. While that, Anna has another course of action.
The man adjusts in his seat, looking the most uncomfortable person in the world. ‘John. I know how it seems, I went to your wedding, but I want to make it clear that I would never stab you in your back.’
'We haven't talked Mrs. Hudson. I believe she's at home. I'm still… sorting this out.'
There's a drawer in the special cabinet John keeps in his mind bungalow that he detests to open. This time, however, when he once again crosses the room directly to the corner ignoring the sofa, he pulls it wide. Inside a handkerchief stained with blood and an envelope signed "to Dr. and Mrs. Watson" in fancy handwriting stand out among other things. Just beside them the deposits a paper card that resembles a print screen from a message app that reads "Dinner here, wednesday 19 pm".
'But I didn't. I could have died many times before. I could have taken Hope's pill, but you were there, as you are here now.'
'Dr. Watson, great timing. He's been his usual difficult self about breathing therapy.' he says visibly controlling the urge to roll his eyes.
'He mostly doesn't let anyone. You just have to do it anyway.' he bows his head slightly and departs. His family is waiting for him.
Sherlock just shakes his head mutely, and plants kisses down John's collarbone. They stay like that for some moments, when suddenly John pulls away from the chair to stand up, bringing Sherlock with him, however.
He brings a small cardboard box to his last day of work. After the last patient, he pulls it from the cupboard, and starts filling with his stuff. There's not much since it never felt like a permanent position, no pictures on the desk as he grew paranoid of his coworkers becoming allies of the wrong side. The only thing incriminating are the documents he has kept locked in the drawer for months, since he first moved back to 221B.
They soon eat the bread, tasteful as always. After that they watch a movie on telly, and when it's finished they take their showers, separately, and he shaves before joining her on the bed. It's evocative of their time before Sherlock came back from the dead. John's stomach sinks a bit as he feels the familiarity because he knows what always came next in the old days.
‘All right.’ he says not really paying attention to that. He just firmly walks to the detective and only halts when there’s no personal space between them. ‘And can I say hello to you?’
Luckily the boy is not whiny or hysterical. He makes some sore faces but otherwise the process is quick. They sit at his table again while John prescribes his home treatment. Basically ice pack or cold compresses until the swelling diminishes, sleep with his head high, ibuprofen if it hurts too much, avoid contact sports for at least six weeks.
'Ah, you must be Holmes, the busybody.' George says, locking the front door with the key, and walks slowly in his direction. 'I was alerted you were sniffing around my flat in Holland Park. You think you can just get away with invading people's property like this?'
He drunkenly watches nothing, or the alcohol creates abstract images in the living room. He vaguely remembers his stag night, but there were more giggles on that occasion. There were giggles, period.
'How about we invite her for Christmas? My mother is being insufferable about me coming over.'
'That's how I met Sherlock.' she continues, now with a warm smile. 'I don't know why he was in Florida of all places that year, I fancy it was fate! The americans didn't have enough evidence to convict my husband. I couldn't tell them everything because I was so involved I was afraid they would jail me too. And obviously he knew it was me who gave him away, so I was also scared of dying, and the feeling that I knew he would kill me out of spite, oh I asked myself why I ignored that for so long.'
They shake hands, Sherlock making a point of being without his glove, which suddenly brings John back to the first day, when he gave Harry's phone to him, causing their hands to touch minimally, and all the sparkles that he felt on that moment.
‘That's very good, John.’ she compliments. ‘But what is it that you don’t know? Still the marriage trouble?’
He manages to nod. "I will try not to fuck this up. I promise." he thinks.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Nothing happened. What answer? You never contacted me! It's been days since you last texted! I was getting worried.'
‘Janine.’ he pets the fair surface with his nose. ‘When I saw you kissing. It was a quite boring kiss.’
-- * --
As he opens another conversation, his answer arrives.
'Don't be ridiculous!' Sherlock scorns. 'I think I'm entitled to interact with other people, as you always do. And I happen to enjoy Janine's company.'
'Yes.'
a second, I'll do it.'
'Leave the violin, I'll take it with me.' Mycroft tells someone. 'Yes, his bedroom is the last of the corridor, you can get everything from there.'
. With Sherlock. Janine, who sold stories about him to the papers, who spent a whole month playing girlfriend with him who
They gather their things to close the office. As it is a bank holiday, no clients are scheduled for the day, to any of them. Donovan came in as favour they still permit, on the condition of not being too gruesome. Sherlock mainly delegates legwork to his Irregulars, who have been receiving extensive training for almost two years now. John has his own share of clients from the
'Victor. He didn't break up with me. He just… left. Couldn't be bothered I assume.' he watches the unlit fireplace, where Magnussen had peed the one time he came to visit.
'Sherlock told me where your priorities lie right now. What do you plan next?' Mycroft asks bluntly, with a serious expression, looking at him right in the eye. John blinks twice.
. He wasn't even able to propose to Mary, for god's sake. She had just assumed what was going to happen hadn't Sherlock interrupted them in the restaurant, and took the engagement ring from him.
to know I'm below him in your concern ranking!' she bangs her hand forcefully against the table surface. John urges himself to stay calm when in fact he's a bit disturbed.
While taking a shower he ponders how strange is that she’s having nausea so frequently in the last weeks of pregnancy when the entirety of it had been quite calm. Or he supposes it was. In fact, she never said anything about the first months she spent alone, except for the occasion she showed him the ultrasound. He deduces from this that she didn’t have any complications worthy of commenting. Should he have asked? She complained a couple times how  how he never asks for her to tell the stories she passed through, but honestly he’s not interested. In fact, he was never interested in her past, even when he didn’t know it included her pointing a gun at his head in a dark swimming pool.
They finish dinner and watch tv. After living in 221B he couldn't be quiet during the late show. He kept waiting for Sherlock remarks about who shagged the director or who recently left the rehab. Anna never makes a noise because apparently she
Sherlock had been distracted enough that he honestly didn’t see it coming.
He descends his hand and finds the band of the towel, which is still around Sherlock's hips and probably dampening the mattress. Feeling very much like a bold teenager, he asks 'Can I?'
John seems a bit disconcerted. 'Was it this dramatic? Your breakup with… Victor Trevor?'
It's Mary. Her hair is dyed ink black, longer than John has ever seen on her. It looks like a messed nest, fitting with the roughen up face. There's a dark bruise covering one of her eyes, tinted with green at the edges. Her lips are dry, and when she opens her mouth to speak, he can see one tooth missing. She looks angry, and now that he thinks about it, it's not an emotion he's used to see on her.
John inwardly debates this.
The growing suspicion is becoming solid in his mind. He keeps chit-chatting nonsense with him, until they get to where he is supposedly. He tells the cab to wait. Looking around he sees John sitting in on the front step of a penthouse. It appears he walked from the main avenue and landed here.
He looks at the blocked door for the corridor upstairs, where the dust is thicker, nodding to himself. 'Yes, I thought it was time to have a proper lab for myself. Mrs. Hudson needed to fix the mould problem in 221C. Everything just built up, to be honest.'
In fact, in two different circumstances he's seen it from the front row. One had been in the army. Bloke had been half exploded in an ambush. He had been brought to John, who dedicated hours under the desert sun to save him. He managed, but at the expense of one and half leg, and right forearm. His honourable discharge at just 19 years old hadn't been received very well. At night, when he thought nobody was watching (but John had been refilling the amoxicillin stock that had arrived half an hour later), he was approached by the cat.
'Wait, you never told me you used to box.'
'I know what I said! That was then, and this is now! I don't mind you spending time with him, but it
So, first, he needs to check if it's still inside the baby monitor box on the top shelf. Issue: how to get there without announcing his intentions to Brent Sullivan, since he has nothing to aid him to reach the top shelf, situated a good meter from his head. Second, he needs to leave the closet and ambush the guy. Issue: he had his own gun pointed at Sherlock right now, the timing has to be precise so Brent doesn't panic shoot him. He also can't take too long, otherwise Brent has funny ideas on how to gather information from Sherlock.
Sherlock spends two days taking turns between solving cases on his phone and continuing his toys experiment with Rosie, who seems to approve this endeavor. On the third day he snaps and starts calling Mycroft. After the eighth call, Mycroft stops answering. After the twentieth call, Sherlock's number is automatically directed at Anthea's office.
Sherlock's lips keep threatening to lift up. He then looks at John from under his eyelashes. 'John, I studied the solar system. What do you think?'
?' he asks incredulously. 'Why on Earth would you be jealous of her?'
! Can you please
The man just makes a "I don't know" face at him and starts talking to his colleague about something completely unrelated.
He furrows his brow, tries to evaluate the memories he can access. 'We used condoms. I'm pretty sure.'
'Surely he's more perceptive than that.' he responds dryly.
'I.' John says eloquently. 'I-- don't know? I thought you would... ' he swallows, hateful, hateful Mycroft coming to mind again. 'Nevermind, go on.'
'Was it you who prepared it?'
! You're even speaking like him! Been exchanging lots of words you two, ahn?' he smirks, making John flush.
Anna is observing him from a window. She's not smiling.
He glances at Anna, who's obviously paying attention to the conversation. He tries not to look guilty (of what?) and just goes to the loo, entering the room before he starts to have second thoughts about it. The curtain is opaque and dark, gratefully. When he closes the door behind him Sherlock pulls it a bit to check who is it. His hair is all slicked back, which is an interesting sight.
‘Did she?’ he tries for casual. ‘First time since she moved to Surrey, isn’t it?’
John cleans his throat. 'Recently we… ah… changed the nature of our relationship.'
'You see, it's very confusing.' his eyes quickly scan the pages, his brow is deeply furrowed, making his nose wrinkle. John wants to smooth it with his fingers. 'For all purposes, my heart had stopped before paramedics were even at the scene. When my body was rescued from the havoc, it was almost all burned. The pictures are actually a bit disturbing. But I'm sure you've seen explosion victims before.'
He raises his point, but the fact that false documentation makes the marriage invalid forbids a divorce process, as the solicitor Mycroft put in his case affirms. He ends up marking the "The Petitioner/Respondent did not validly consent to its formation, whether in consequence of duress, mistake, unsoundness of mind or otherwise" option.
‘Stop calling him “this" it’s a good start, since he is a person.’ she replies in a neutral tone, and he supposes they are on trouble territory again. ‘You said you were trying to hold back. Have you felt like this before?’
'Let me do something.' Sherlock complains, John kisses the wrinkles on the top of his nose. 'I'm just lying here.'
'When you jumped,' he starts, making Sherlock look up at him in alert. 'I blamed myself for not having paid better attention to you. I could have asked. I could have known if I have done something about it. It would have changed everything. And now I made the exactly same mistake.'
'Oh.' a pause. 'Will she scream out every word?'
He thinks about Rosie. They've been working on her crawling, and Sherlock thinks she's almost there. Soon she will be able to be introduced to proper food, instead of bottles and bottles of formula. He has lots of plans for her, and for John.
‘That's your plan then? Take my daughter away from me and go live a happy life with him? And I’d be happy off? Perhaps the chief bridesmaid of your wedding?’
John grins and follows him.
He lifts out the towel and tosses it on the floor. Oh yes. The Butt. He actually rises on his elbow to take a look. It have felt like forbidden land to be explored since he almost got a glimpse of them at Buckingham Palace. The fine cut of his trousers always accentuates the roundness and it
'What?'
Living room… not much of biohazard, but John braces himself. It's more intimate. He probably wouldn't manage to throw anything away if he had to. He puts Sherlock's women magazines in the corner pile where they belong. The scattered books are collected and reorganised in the shelfs following Sherlock's indexing method, first by general area of study, then topic, then colour palette, and last alphabetical order.
'This looks a bit disgusting.' Sherlock has said, sneaking behind him.
'Obviously.' he shifts, and pouts just once. 'Also, Ms. Douglas called me this morning.'
John cuts a green pea with more force than he calculated, the knife resonating loudly against the plate.
The silence that follows is quite telling. John sighs. 'I've been there too, you know. When I came back to London my sleep was so erratic sometimes I didn't even bother. I understand. Want to… talk about it?'
‘I didn’t think you would.’
'You're free to help yourself.' Sherlock replies. He then bundles up on John, with his legs still over John's lap, holding one square of chocolate to his mouth. 'Try it. It's 65%.'
It's on the tip of his tongue to respond with "I know" but he refrains just in time. The teenage doesn't seem to mind his silence because he shrugs and leaves. John spots his mother getting up as soon as the door opens, and waves to her before it closes.
He closes the office door behind him, and hearing the front door also closing he slips out through the back door that goes to the spiral staircase, straight to the living room. The door from the foyer remains locked from the inside when he has a client, for safety measures. He gets the call.
So when she gives him a positive to come over, he doesn't hesitate. Everything sounds nice this evening, prospective sofa make-out session on the way, with potential to become full shagging. Sherlock promised to get the milk, no madman is threatening to bomb innocent bystanders for now. He can do this, he thinks as he struts feeling content on the way to the Tube.
'Ok.' he replies and progresses their activities keeping in mind this new information.
Sherlock keeps telling him that he took years to reach this level, and it's too soon for John to have an independent reputation, but John is honestly not bothered. He likes to spend his time writing, the one job he truly embraced these last years, and frequency means his speed typing is actually getting better, although not as quick as his partner's.
'Sure. And John? I'm sorry for your loss.'
Which didn't exactly put John at ease.
But some things are inevitable, and one day she missteps and lands her knee on a hard plastic block.
John almost chokes on wine. Sherlock does something strange with his mouth.
She was right, she was being followed almost 24 to 7. Sherlock finds out by following her himself, with her agreement. After three days he is able to discern a white man in his early forties, if his appearance is not deceitful, always after her. He eats a sandwich while watching her fix her watch in a store on the other side of the road, and Sherlock drinks coffee while watching him. He sends Keona a message so she takes a little longer than necessary, so Sherlock can pickpocket the man. His ID shows: Todd Fuller, 46. He drops the wallet on the floor beside Todd, and leaves.
Being back at 221B by himself after almost three years is strange and yet reminiscent of those times John still can't bring himself to talk about. Funny thing that, considering he's been living a hell of a lie since then. No, Sherlock is not dead, no Mary is not her real name, no he didn't marry a fucking normal person.
'Make a move, John' she murmured to herself. 'Give me a reason, come on'
On the screen, a group of child animals go to the zoo. John blinks in confusion. Why is there a zoo in an animals city universe? 'Creepy is not a word I would have expected to hear you saying.' he replies.
Sherlock stops in the middle of the stairs. 'John? What's going on?' he can hear street sounds in the background, which means John is not at home.
Ella raises an eyebrow to him. ‘So why did you want to meet me? Historically you give sessions a break when you are well.’
'You don't fool me, Sherlock Holmes.' John says as he closes the door behind him. 'What are you doing?'
'I hope so.' she turns her back to him and comes back to sleep, or at least pretend to. He stays in shock for a few moments before turning off the mobile and putting it back on the bedside table.
It was simply found more and more evidences on Aadhya, including arms trafficking, homicide, illegal possession of firearms, gang formation, and hackering activities. It was all over the news. They even managed to identify an old professor from Essex, who said in interview it was a shame such a bright student to have lost herself. The Moriarty "Did you miss me" video was always replayed at the end to add dramatic effect.
' he highlights this with his chin on John's general direction 'his latest book and I'd prefer to maintain my five-years old away from crime scenes, thank you very much.'
A woman in her thirties approaches the neighbour swing with her own daughter, who looks around five. She coos Rosie, telling the kid "Look babe, you have a little friend with you!" and smiles at John, who nods in acknowledgment. The little girl starts swinging herself as the woman goes around it to remove herself from the line of fire. Once behind the kid - and beside John, she smiles at him again. John looks forward, cleaning his throat.
'Are you still living with her?'
Till next week, my lovelies!
Suddenly the bike tumbles on a discarded rock and he almost falls on the pavement. Dismounting the bike, he tosses the rock aside and inspects the wheel for any damage. Finding none he straightened back, prepared to have a go again, when he notices the parked motorbike some feet ahead of him.
'But surely you have a special friend. We all have that one' she pushed gently, smiling wider.
John blinks at him. 'Summon up to what? To arms trafficking?'
Pablo faces him fully now. 'My ex-fiancée is their legal guardian. She took them to fucking
'So by plans you mean relationship related right?'
'Hey, Sherlock? Whatever you're thinking you're not saying it aloud. You're just doing the blinking thing.'
'Not a problem.' Sherlock answers, but when he turns to John he looks on the verge of tears. 'I'll tell you when we have conclusive results in the investigation.'
He folds the paper and puts in his pocket, going to the fridge while turning the mobile on.
'It's no more than warm, John, I know how to check the temperature of food.'
All that crosses his mind as he stares at the back of Sherlock's head, ignoring Magnussen's body aside. Uniformed agents come up the terrace and cuff Sherlock up. They pat John to check for weapons. Useless, as the one he brought was taken by Sherlock, and lies on the floor.
'Drive on the direction of Paddington, I'll give specifics later.'
‘You look more relaxed than the last encounters.’
He goes to bed with John even if he doesn't like sex. He would have accepted his daughter at 221B because he knew it would make John happy. He turns his back to John and cries on his own.
'He talks a lot, that boy.' she says fondly. 'Impressive posture too, while holding a baby.'
It's been some days since the whole resurrection business took place. Mrs. Hudson almost had a heart attack (figuratively, but should be observed, considering her age), Greg had been ecstatic, and Sherlock is adamant that Mycroft only barely didn't pee his pants. John just chooses to believe in him.
He takes a deep breath. 'Are you free right now? We could have lunch.'
They dance, they eat cake and they talk in strange places.
He frowns. 'But where's Rosie?'
Mycroft sighs. 'I've been in contact Hungary authorities and also some… connections in CIA. Obviously the quite shocking recent discovery shifted the negotiations. But I believe I'm close to manage a place for her in the Forensic Psychiatric and Mental Institution from the Hungarian Prison Service, in Budapest.'
He holds his breath. Mycroft had promised London was clear for them. Surely it wouldn't be related to a case? They had nothing dangerous since Todd Fuller. And MI6 hadn't given his gun back.
Ella raises her eyebrows at him, but she doesn't look impressed. 'Pregnancy doesn't stop you from ending a marriage. Do you think the child will help to straighten your relationship up?'
He breathes deeply through his nose. That would explain the whole ordeal. 'And so what now?'
'I thought I could update your casebook.' Sherlock answers sheepishly. John smiles.
'John, hung up on him.'
'You are being unfair to me, John. I care deeply about him, but if he needs the government involved...'
The balcony has a breakfast table, and is situated right in front of the pier. They can watch the most beautiful sunrise and sunset from inside, and feel the sea wind if they are tired from inside and need fresh air, considering they can't really leave the room until further notice from Mycroft.
He feels conflicted thinking about John right now, but he is sure that if John had been with him, this wouldn't have happened. But John has a job he needs to keep (for now), and a daughter he can't just leave anywhere. But the case was supposed to be very simple, and he needs the money.
Sherlock just shrugs, and a lump allocate in John's throat. He breathes slowly trying to keep the wetness away from his eyes. 'I'm sorry. I didn't know. I shouldn't have anyway.'
His notice ends, at last. Dr. Gujjar, his boss, is less than thrilled that he ended up staying for such a short period, but he had given himself two months after the drugging incident to cool off and reconsider, and time hasn't changed his feelings. He still has his army pension, which is not much, but it means he won't go from a yearly salary to zero pounds plus benefits for an indeterminate duration. Another month in advance for his contract termination notice, and here he is.
'Where will you sleep then?'
'It's beautiful. What is it about?'
He beams at John, looking at him through his eyelashes. 'Now we have to practise how you are going to tell her, and also what you shouldn't mention while living with her.'
He compresses his lips together, moving his eyes to the corners, as if thinking. Or thinking of a way to say what's on his mind. 'You became a liability. It wasn't worth it anymore. However, she still has Rosie. If you go ballistic on her, she takes Rosie and becomes a single mother, a victim. Rosie can be taken care of by a number of people who will think she is just working a normal job, and she avoids prosecution. Drugging you specifically with a psychotropic that takes time to kick in, she wanted you to get to work like this. She knew by your fight that you weren't driving anymore, so you would arrive at work completely high.
I made some research but obviously I had to take some liberties on UK's legal system.
John stays there, breathing deeply, looking at the floor, for more minutes than he intended.
'Your life could be a plot on East Enders, honestly.' Greg cleans the sweat on his face with a paper napkin. 'But is everything over now? You said she was going to prison.'
The radio is on, and they are playing a special selection of 80's songs right now. The current song that reminds John of his teenage years.
The woman stands back up, holding the gun like a professional, frowning at him. Jim just nods mockingly 'Oh, I will.'
Of course the ruse wasn't supposed to hold up long. The second step had involved favours being asked. When the three of them took refuge in Brighton due to the threats on Mary's life, MI6 had captured another man who was very much intending to destroy her for years now. The man was still in custody yesterday because of valuable information he possessed on a myriad of criminal acts in the UK.
'The curiosity has been killing me.' he groans. 'He told me about the "break-up" but nothing more.'
She shrugs. 'The way he is. He only needs to open his mouth to scare away someone with a romantic interest. It's funny to have a friend like that, but you know he's going to be the uncle bachelor forever.' she concludes chuckling as if the whole thing is very funny. John beg to differs.
'Tell me about your love life. Bet you have some wild affairs to recount!' she says mischievously. John wants to bang his head on the table.
She regards him for a moment and throws her head back to laugh loudly. The old man glares indignantly at her before looking away. 'There you are. You really didn't.' she says showing all her teeth.
'What the fuck is happening here?!'
'You're right.' is all he offers, and leaves them to their experiments.
He bites the inside of his cheek. 'For life?'
'You can sleep in my bed.' Sherlock murmurs against his head. 'I won't be using it today anyway. Your room must be cold without the upstairs heater on.'
"Ok, this is it."
'I was hurting in every possible way, and I went through it by myself.' she says dryly.
-- * --
‘Right. I’ll leave you homework, what about that? I want you to talk to Sherlock about your daughter. It’s still troubling you and it’s very important that you are on the same page.’
John is already shaking his head. 'No. Let her do whatever she thinks it's best. But what the guy said is worrying me. That he's not the only one who wants to know.'
'What about me going upstairs?'
John opened Sherlock's laptop to do that. And right when he was closing the browser, a new email arrived. It was a reply from an architect with a budget proposal. The original email from Sherlock had a file of archives attached, all related to renovation plans at 221B. Those plans included reorganising the space so he and Rosie could move in. John hadn't had a chance to bring it up yet.
He is largely ignoring her already, and rewinds a bit the video.
‘Do you think he’s right? Do you think I’m wrong about all this?’ he talks to the detective’s scalp.
'Hm?'
Sherlock blinks at him. And blinks once more. John just beams. 'Come here.' he says in a low voice.
-- * --
It's the most awkward thing he's seen, Mary trying to feed the child. Rosie tries to evade the spoon, but ultimately accepts it, only to break into tears right after, spitting the food. Mary looks very alarmed. 'I didn't do anything, why are you crying?'.
He concludes it was very moronic of him to have not foreseen this. Anna took the decision to shoot Sherlock because she thought it was enough to prevent John discovering the truth about her. First option, Sherlock dies and can't say a word anymore. Second option, Sherlock is traumatized and afraid and keeps his mouth shut. To be honest it was a good strategy - for a bloody psychopath. It served to show, though, that she is a mentally unstable person with no qualms to go extreme to protect her wishes.
'Of course. Give me the address.'
'Do what?'
She watches him for a moment.
'She has a noteworthy criminal history. It's the best outcome for her, honestly. Her sister doesn't live at the capital, but she can visit from time to time.'
-- * --
He considers this for a moment. 'I know. I believe you.' he really does. 'It doesn't matter, honestly.'
'What is it that she did to ruin your life?' he asks, trying to distract him. The cars he heard park outside. 'It surely has been years now.'
She puts the coffee cups at the chairs and a hand inside her jacket, to where rests her compact revolver, and opens the door. Fairbrother lies on the floor in a strange position, stripped of his shirt and trousers. There is a wound at his forehead, not severe but enough to make him unconscious.
Mary is already on a thin line with LSCB. He started judicial action against her, and she failed to appear in court twice. The social worker had asked him if he had reported missing person on her. He had just replied they are used to her disappearing from time to time. He has evidence she hasn't been present at all since Rosie was a baby, after all. He counts on the Holmes brothers to testify for him in case people start thinking he's a wife murderer.
'Or we could talk a bit.' they both turn at the sudden appearance of Sherlock, and oh John is so going to kill him, quickly coming inside from the kitchen window and standing in front of John, shielding him from the man. 'Brent Sullivan, isn't it?'
Basically, things were how he supposed they must have been all along.
She and the other guys leave, and Mycroft comes right after, with Mrs. Hudson in tow. 'There's a new phone on the kitchen table.' he tells John. 'As I understand you lost yours. Call me when you feel ready.'
'And your wife is out there, probably wondering why we are taking so long inside a bathroom.'
He doesn't call Lestrade back as he asked, in fact he doesn't even have a phone at the moment. The one Harry gave him had been in his coat, which was removed out of him when he was captured. It probably blew up like everything else at the gymnasium.
They eat their dinner and go watch tv. Big Brother is on, and Sherlock loves reality shows. Well, loves to complain about them, and never stop watching. They like to play the game of what's scripted and what is raw human interaction, who wants to shag whom, who is going to be eliminated next considering the narrative the show builds on them.
'I told she knew her way on syllables.'
'Well, you'd probably say it's about us.' Sherlock says as he puts the violin aside. 'But I composed with you in mind.'
'I see.' she replies not giving away anything. 'I told you big brother would solve everything. Oh!'
He tries to think quickly. Who can he trust, who is adequate for babysitting, who is
hitting on you. But you said you were married to your work...'
'Cheers. Welcome to the ex-husbands team.' he offers his glass and they toast. They help themselves to more chips.
'Why wouldn't we deliberate a plan for
He enters the bathroom, locking the door behind him. He undresses to his pants, going to the digital scale in a corner. He distracts himself for some moments analysing the displayed numbers. He lost three pounds since last week, and he still wants to go down another six at least. At the beginning of their marriage, before Mary decided shooting people was a good way out of her problems, she used to tease him about his newly gained weight. Which was why he decided to cycle to work, killing two birds with one stone: losing weight and avoiding talking to her in the idle time of commute. In retrospect, he should have suspected something was off with them.
'How are you feeling? Here's a bucket if you need it.'
-' he stops, breathing heavily. Sherlock looks utterly shocked, his mouth is even hanging open a bit, eyes as wide as they can be.
There's a pause. He is sure Ella has already picked up for change in posture and expression.
'You didn't care. You were with
'Don't I know?' she smiles at him knowingly. The she looks conflicted.
'What did you think of him?' he asks, already feeling jittery.
Bet you thought you'd seen the last of me. I was going to explain myself but then, I realise, I don't really have to so there it is. I never abandoned it. One thing tho, is I'm not forcing myself to write more per chapter, I'll just put the idea I have for the tag.
‘And I’m not.’ this time she’s definitely cheeky. ‘You have been my patient since you came back to London, and I do follow your blog. I was more surprised that you got married to someone else, if you don’t mind me being honest.’
He takes her out, dries her carefully and puts her nappy and clean clothes, found inside her bag. 'I had a fever so high, I entered a delirium state. Mycroft didn't even notice at first, because he usually expects me to be a hysterical Victorian damsel or something equivalent, the pompous meddler. I hyper fixated on the patterns of diverse furniture in his apartment. It took quite a while for him to catch that I wasn't ignoring his remarks, I just really wasn't acknowledging anything happening around me.'
. His whole world shifted and he has barely been able to sleep yet
‘So, how was it?’ he starts, to gloss over his reverie.
'Shut up, you poof. Come up here, let's go to my car.'
-- * --
'What do you mean that little
'You said cut off?' Sherlock looks the same way he does when finding a clue at a crime scene. 'Let me see this.'
He wishes the bedroom light was on to see everything, but doesn't suggest they kick off the duvet, as Sherlock seems very comfortable with it. In fact, he's completely comfortable as they are now, not making any moves to increase friction or, well, more intense stimulation. 'Sherlock...' he wanders his hand down the man's thigh, trying to make a point. Sherlock breathes on him for a moment and responds by doing the same.
A couple more hours later he does feel a bit better, even if the lamps are still flying around. Sherlock attempts to have a more significant conversation, and he appreciates the effort.
'Why you didn't call him?'
'Kids ask questions about everything.' he replies under his breath.
'Ok, this is very awkward, don't stop in the middle of a sentence.' Sherlock says as he gets a biscuit. 'Thank you Mrs. Hudson. Come sit to evaluate too!'
'We could negotiate with her. Give her some incentives so she gives you full guardianship and leaves Britain, to not come back again.'
'Please don't.'
'I prefer fish to be honest.' she continues. 'But John loves Shepherd's pie. Love is about compromising to your spouse sometimes.'
Sherlock shrugs.
'I have no idea why someone would take these dvds, Sherlock.' the fifty-something whatever his name was sounds quite desperate. Sherlock always insists his clients call him by his first name. Mr. Holmes sounds too much like Mycroft for his taste. 'But Brenda is going to kill me if she finds out, and we had a rough patch less than two years ago beca- ahm.'
He is gathering up the courage to clean the days-old vomit when his phone rings. He answers without even looking at the screen, thinking Sherlock had come back home already. 'Yes, hello?'
'Some plants have indoor preferences, you thing. And Rosie would appreciate going out for a stroll.'
The problem is, as time passes, he progressively goes from agitated to annoyed to furious. He knows it is no good to snap at the medical staff, but he can't help it when he knows he's being deliberately kept in the dark. Sherlock is not in his ward, so he deduces his condition is more serious than his. He hadn't had the stalls as coverage, so perhaps he is in the burning victims area? It wouldn't be a pretty sight for sure, but John doesn't care, he just wants to see him.
'How did you get this?' he asks Sherlock, who is in his downstairs lab with Rosie, showing her how homemade lava lamps are done.
Sherlock doing things he hasn't communicated John is not news. The real problem is that when Sherlock doesn't tell his part of the plan, it usually leads to stupid or dangerous or disastrous ideas on his part. For a man who considered himself so smart above everyone in the room, he honestly needs John to guide him.
got a glimpse of his backside but he had grasped the sheet at the last second.
'We can definitely try that another day.' he forces what is supposed to be a cheeky smirk. 'But initially I don't sleep well in new environments, so we have to build up a bit on that.'
Sherlock does a breathless sound quite satisfying. 'Yes.'
She still is hard to give in, but eventually Sherlock manages to put her to sleep. Perhaps a nap will improve her mood. John is in their living room when he comes downstairs. He has a duffle bag by his feet.
She laughs just once, the sound bitter. 'Well, fuck you and your space. I lost the baby before you were arsed to talk to me.'
Sherlock enters the room and moves his own chair a bit so he’s not completely sideways to the sofa, where Janine accommodates herself easily. Just this little consideration is enough to light the sparkle of jealousy in him. She’s a gorgeous woman, which makes it worse. Even if they didn’t have sex, they
Sherlock side smirks. 'Summoning up proper help. Luckily for us, Wiggins now has a phone.'
He blinks at her. ‘That makes a hell lot of sense.’
'Do you think I'll need to get a rabies shot?'
He sits beside him carefully. John is still following the invisible fly, but grips Sherlock's leg just above the knee. Something is still bothering him, though.
'We thought Skyler was a good name. What do you think Sherlock?'
Hey, is your friend a bloke? Because I have this friend… I don't know, I think I have feelings for him. But I never, you know, with a guy. But I really want to, you know, with him. I also don't know if he is gay, but I've never seen him with a bird. Can I email you?
-- * --
She dated David for two years before getting tired of him. Probably it was not his fault, but all the things that culminated in their relationship. Furthermore, being in Dublin that put her in contact with Moriarty, and she wanted to get rid of all that life. She was so bloody grateful for his disturbance. In addition, the problematic obsession had gone with him. All was perfect.
He vaguely remembers dropping the phone during the brief fight. Todd had actually aimed the long knife at his abdomen, but instinct and quick thinking made him pull his legs up to protect the critical area, resulting in his outside left thigh being the one hit. The knife had penetrated almost to the handle, but Sherlock thinks it luckily missed main blood vessels, by the amount of blood that came out of it. When alone in the bathroom he uses all the energy left to raise his leg and prop it on the door, and the blood stream stops after a few minutes.
Later, he has to cover an usual diabetes patient from Dr. Lavalle, so the file is not in his office. He calls reception to verify its whereabouts, and instead of sending someone over she tells him dryly
While Sherlock was in hospital, the police had found Todd Fuller nearby, going to the crime scene to see if Keona Douglas had come back home. They recovered all the footage on the app on Sherlock's phone, retrieved from the rooftop, and several other proves on how dangerous Fuller was to her and the general society. She had sent an email thanking him profusely and asking for Sherlock's bank details, so she could make a deposit.
'Not really.' The answer is not hesitant, so John believes him. 'And I have nightmares now and then, as everyone else. I mostly don't have a sleeping pattern so it's hard to tell.'
'So it's my fault?'
The song finally enters the last stage, combining elements from the cheerful tune and the sensual one, staying in midtempo and gradually slowing to an end. Sherlock does a little bow, the blush high on his cheeks. John sighs.
He ended up sprawled on the floor, coughing, trembling from the cold, attempting not to acknowledge the tears running to the drain with the soap, like the fool he was.
Her hair bobs around her neck and it's dyed auburn brown, but her face is carved in Sherlock's mind. At close distance, Mrs. Hudson finally notices, and squeezes his arm in silence. Mary smiles at them.
-- * --
He enters the house, and John can hear him speaking to the agents still there.
It struck her that the explosion would probably kill them too.
'Everyone in bloody London! And also Norfolk now that I think about it.'
'I have scones.' Mrs Hudson interjects, and they both turn to her. Rosie starts bothering to get to the ground, probably thinking they will stay to play in the park. 'I baked them when I woke up. Let's go to my flat and talk while we wait for him.'
'Oh, yes. Not having finished my degree even after I came back from rehab the first time meant I couldn't properly be hired as a chemist. Had small jobs here and there, until Mycroft took pity on me living in a dumpster flat and managed to arrange a small assistant position for me in the MI6. Brainless boring tasks, they never let me in any real cases. I started a blog with my applied chemistry essays, just to have an escape from it. Also started using drugs again. I actually met Mrs. Hudson during that time, accompanying an agent to Florida. I helped her all by myself, going off-route on him. Eventually after coming back, I got enough of it and decided to end my contract and go freelance. I did it once, could do it again. Left pamphlets around and everything. But with no reliable income and a drug habit, you end up in a position where you can't pay rent anymore.'
Sherlock wides his eyes at him. 'Oh but I did get away with it, if you are just aware of these two.'
'I can help you with your things.' Sherlock breaks the silence.
'You and Sherlock! How can this be about something else? It's always him, isn't it?'
' he takes a hold of her pulling her up. It takes some moments to realise he managed to not drop both baby and lunch plate.
'They conceded Sherlock's provisory freedom.' he informs her while she is putting away some clothes for donation.
That was when he had run to a small side street and called Sherlock, after a lot of fumbling and dropping his phone. The drive home made him nauseated, but when he limited visual input, Sherlock's heartbeat started booming in his ears, and he developed a sudden awareness of his smell, overpowering and addictive. Being buried in Sherlock's chest had been a breath of heaven following the biggest physical distress since he was shot.
If he was very skeptical with all this scheme, now he feels more serene. He could see himself omitting the truth until Sherlock and Mycroft convinced Anna-Greta to leave England. He has been even sleeping better, with the boxing fatigue. He could continue the classes after he (temporarily) moved back, but perhaps he would need to search for a gym closer to the suburbs.
It’s so,
'John?'
'That doesn't sound very mature.'
, not reactionless, so you just have to go there and get him back. Apologizing for whatever you said is a good idea too.'
to choose the Canary Wharf one today. Sherlock hears the door unlocking from where he stands in the spacious balcony. Through the tall glass window panels of the balcony he can see below him the busy streets of London mid morning.
John could swim from one room to the other, in this house. And there’s always a figure lurking at the corners, watching him. Trying to create the alluring light, just so he can get close and closer and closer and then he would be swallowed.
'Yes.'
That night the news anchor informs them that the court for Aadhya's case is confirmed. Anna is forever silent and John's thoughts are miles away. When they climb the bed couple hours after, John's phone already turned off and under his pillow, she says in a murmur:
He just lies on top of the duvet looking at the ceiling. Every now and then he moves a little, of course a human body is not able to sustain the same position for long periods of time. His lacerated side still hurts a bit, which constrains the positions he's able to pull off. Sometimes he closes his eyes, being still for so long makes your body start to trick you into sleep. But as soon as he starts to drift, the pool explodes behind his eyelids, so no luck on that. He is left staring into empty space.
Being terribly specific makes it hard to evade a question, he supposes she knows exactly what she's doing.
'Why are you smiling like that?'
'Doctor Watson?'
His pulse is sky high. He keeps circling in the park, avoiding all the gates and looking around every second. He finally stops by a tree near a sideway entrance, twenty minutes later. Pushing the bike on his feet, he scrutinizes the street from the gates. People are coming and going quickly. The traffic has increased if anything. The shops across the road are still bustling, even if it was all dark now.
He closes his eyes and lets it linger. When Sherlock moves away, John clasps both his hands on the sides of his neck and pulls him back, planting several small kisses on him. 'Do you like tongue?' he asks with his eyes still closed.
‘Tell me what you want’
After delivering the documents to the client, they walk away from the scene to get a cab and avoid being connected to the stolen bus, and John has a hysterical fit of giggling in the middle of the street. He needs to hold onto Sherlock's bicep as his knees get weak from laughter, and Sherlock follows him suit, circling his shoulders to help him into the cab. They were going for the Tube, but John insisted on a cab as it was getting late and he wanted to be home.
'So, John, you were saying?' she asks with her usual cheery face, sitting beside Sherlock.
'I know.' he rubs his hand all over his face.
What if…
He rolls his eyes. 'I'm
So John backs off, and they work on the case.
sorry I couldn't be here for the wedding. Out of the country.'
. Who did you talk to?'
Everything is like it should be.
Sherlock is in the living room, sitting on the floor and working on something at the coffee table. John lowers himself next to him, pushing the paper bag with the croissants to his general direction. He immediately gets one and tries to put it whole inside his mouth. The manners on him, honestly. While he attempts to overfeed, John takes a look at the mess on the table.
'I was aware, eventually.'
The box is white and green, and reads
'Not really.' Sherlock repeats. 'When it was possible I handled those people to the concerned authorities. Usually the local ones, but a handful happened to be wanted by Interpol and likewise.'
'Recent studies showed evidences for positive effects of physical activity on mental health, and learning a new sport provides a distraction from mental illness. Also, exercises are very effective in improving concentration and overall cognitive function, which can be helpful if you are too stressed to concentrate. Specifically in martial arts case, psychologists have found positive correlations between practicing and lower levels of hostility. My recommendation is boxing because I'm familiar with its practising.'
'Of sorts.' he answers. 'This is the coroner's report on my death.'
At around 10pm according to his watch, a shadow passes quickly through the torch light pointing to him. He looks up from inside the hole, and the tabby cat is a dark loom on top of the pile of sand by the side of the gravestone. Their purple eyes are the only thing that denounce them, shining against the dark. He rests the shovel against his feet and straightens up to stretch his back, feeling like it perfectly intended to be bent in this position forever by now. At this point he is already deep enough to be completely covered inside the hole.
'Because I'll have a child with me. This changes everything.'
He still hasn't talked to Sherlock about the adoption papers he's been studying for so long, but he hopes they'll have the opportunity soon. He just doesn't know how to start a conversation like this, with so much meaning. This means he expects
'How about David?'
Since Mary Morstan never existed, his marriage is not valid. Falsified identity documentation is not foreseen on guides to fill a nullity petition, which makes quite difficult to answer the questions of the form they give to him. There should be an "Others" blank space option. How can he explain that his wife had a fake name and a not-so-former assassin career? It would be much easier to divorce under the justificative that she was abusive and violent.
'Yes.' Sherlock concurs. 'Fetch me the red marker over there.'
It's absolutely lovely to kiss every inch of the large shoulder blades while constantly rubbing his lower back, nuzzling his nose on Sherlock's nape. He finds himself quite fond of the back of Sherlock's knees, as they show to be very sensitive. He turns Sherlock back, taking in the untamed state of his hair and can't contain a grin.
'It was all over the news. I couldn't believe it! I was thinking you had stood me up, I was actually angry when I went to sleep, then in the morning when I heard about it I almost beat myself up. I should have checked on you, of course something had happened.'
She shrugs. 'I don't know. I'm here aren't I?', and smiles thinly.
'So, no influence over the kid. Ok. There's the possibility that she… disappears. Not uncommon in her profession.'
Usually he parks the bike near the car, but he decides to put it away in the garage lot, throwing a plastic cover over it. When he holds the key in place to open the door, his hands are so shaky he almost drops it.
big cat points paw. headbutt paw.
He chews his lip. 'I saw some pictures of him. He's cute.'
-- * --
She grinned. 'Perfect'.
you are planning with him. I knew he was going to be trouble!'
John takes the tube back to Baker Street. Ella had said by the end of their appointment that she was very happy with him. He had told her that right now he was feeling better than any moment of his life. It took him about forty years to get it right, but the most important is that he can truly say that everything is fine.
He falters, realizing he had been smiling all this time. Sherlock and Anna had been very amicable to each other, even plotting on his back. Well, you say plotting. More like having silly conversations about John and the wedding. He is also a far greater actor than John, perhaps if he kept being friendly it would add up to the performance?
'I also heard about your flatmate. My condolences.'
'Yeah, won't lie, it was pretty terrible. I barely arrived home, in tears, and my husband only complained I didn't take something he asked, I don't remember well. It was when I realized that our marriage had always been about him - what he wanted, how he wanted, what would I do to help him. So I reported him to the authorities.'
