"I don't think it flips," Steve offered.
Tony had always encouraged Pepper's expanding of his art collection since she first showed interest. She was drawn towards the abstract, anything that required some interpretation. He let her indulge in Rothko and Mondrian, and all those artists that throw some paint splatter on a canvas and call it a day.
Steve pressed two fingers to find a pulse. The skin was sickeningly cold and slick. With his other hand he moved more of the seaweed away and... There were bright red scales?
Steve started and tried to twist around but didn't end up moving anywhere.
Steve was still learning how to use his tail. It was frustrating to no end, and Tony wasn't helping when he kept calling him a small fry.
"Okay. Look on the back of the screen. Is there an apple on it? A name?"
Suddenly a cool hand grabbed his own. He jerked in surprise, ready to draw away until he felt webbing against his fingers and a gentle brush against his forehead.
Tony let it go until they got all the armor off and he was sitting in his own undersuit with a half-drunk bottle of water in his hand. "Alright. So spill. What's up?"
That one had been disintegrated by a supervillain.
The future was different. His new team was different. There were many lies thrown around, but no one lied as much as Tony. He was one of the first men that Steve had some trouble getting a read on. He spoke so quickly and flippantly, it took some time for Steve to parse through the jumble.
That seemed to stop Tony in his tracks. "You do?"
Steve glanced up at the ceiling with a frown. "Uncomfortable?"
Steve gave him a watery smile. Because he knew Tony was speaking the absolute truth.
"Then it doesn't!" Tony said, waving the idea away with one hand, the other still clasped with Steve's. "If the day never comes that we officially tie the knot — our way, the way we want to — then it never comes. And I'll still never have any regrets. Because I don't need a piece of paper and some nice pictures and a cake to solidify that I love you."
"No!" Steve yelped, and waded into the water a few feet until the cuffs of his rolled up pants started getting wet. He looked down, but the water was too murky for him to see anything. He groaned.
"Stark?"
When Natasha let him go, Loki vanished. "I'll keep tabs," she promised Tony and Steve. "He's going to have a rough couple days," she said before vanishing herself in a less mystical.
The next section was recent gallery openings and exhibits that she had selected to sponser under Tony's name. He spent a little more time scanning through those. Examples of the featured art flitted past until he landed on one piece.
Stark glanced at Hogan. "Don't worry. He's putting it away, right?"
Tony grinned and kissed him. "It's a date."
“Tony…”
Despite being as intoxicated on the kiss as Steve was, he let out another quiet moan that was swallowed by Tony as their tongues brushed together, letting the brunet coax his tongue into the genius’ mouth. In the back of his mind, Steve heard a faint clinking, and he couldn’t help but think hysterically that they did this way too often—considering how easily Tony’s hands found their way around his belt buckle and into his undone uniform’s pants—before his thoughts were stolen from him by Tony’s clever tongue and mouth like his breath.
He blinks, and the pity is gone as if it had never been there. Instead, she looks a bit… Sad. She knows something he doesn’t know. Tony tenses. He’s teetering. He suddenly isn’t sure if he wants to know. Natasha looks away from him for the first time since she’s taken a seat across from him.
She fixes him with her pointed gaze once more, but this time, Tony doesn’t back down, meeting her eyes defiantly. She seems to cut through his feint in less than a second, speaking slowly.
"No, it's okay, I got it!" Pepper answered with a laugh, and the brunette nodded after a moment of hesitation and a bit of suspicion.
There are times when they make contact. Perhaps a warm hand on Steve’s arm or on Tony’s shoulder, fingertips brushing against each other, and sometimes, palm against palm when they share a rare high-five. Other times, it’s when Tony’s trying to take measurements to tailor his suit to him perfectly. It makes Tony feel as if… As if he’s not as broken a man as he is. It makes him feel whole.
"Steve Rogers, my god, the past few years have been fucking
The brunet didn’t waste another moment after that, sucking Steve down completely and without pause, opening his throat up to let the head hit the back of it before he pressed on, letting it push past the threshold until his red, kiss-bruised lips were wrapped tightly around the base of Steve’s cock.
It doesn’t mean anything like that when at charity galas or parties, Tony has to come and rescue him from whatever fox decides to attempt to seduce him. It’s a bit funny to watch, but something strange in him twinges every time he sees someone by Steve’s side, arm hooked with his. He doesn’t take strange relish in the way that Steve often frantically looks around, polite as he is, in an attempt to look for Tony so he has an excuse to politely decline whoever is vying for his attention.
“When we go home, yeah?” The brunet murmured softly, and Steve flushed at the prospect.
“Just wanted to,” Steve replies, his words slurring just a bit at the end, and Tony just gives a hum in answer. His brain is slowing down, and sleep is tugging pleasantly at his body. He gets like this often in Steve’s company. He doesn’t know why. He’s pleasantly drowsy for the first time in nearly 24 hours, so he’s not complaining. Tony sighs, leaning back on the couch, a comfortable silence falling between them. It’s nice. He closes his aching eyes against the light, and he could totally drift off like this- Until he can’t.
Tony let out a husky laugh, rising from the ground back onto his feet with a sigh, ignoring the throbbing ache in his own pants. Casually, he brushed himself free of any dust that could be clinging to him, slipping closer to Steve who was still using the wall as support. Clearing his throat, Tony silently pulled the blond’s underwear and pants back up, carefully tucking him back in and fixing his pants before he looped Steve’s belt back into place.
Needless to say, that becomes Steve’s favorite moment that he feels Tony say “I love you.” That, and he also hears it.
"Mm, I was just going to ask about the paperwork you wanted me to do to--"
Steve took another moment or two before he groaned, realizing he was absolutely late to debriefing. He also knew that Tony had completely derailed his train of thought and that there was no way he was going to be able to focus on debriefing or his mission reports with the prospect of what Tony would do after they returned home.
It doesn’t mean anything like that when he goes up to the top floor where he just knows Steve is, drawing or just sitting, hidden away in a corner. Tony usually has a couple of sandwiches and water, because he knows that Steve has come directly to the workshop without eating or cleaning. After all that activity, Steve’s bound to be hungry and thirsty.
The team was waiting for them in the living room, and they smiled when they zeroed in on Tony and Steve's hands, as if they knew, which they probably did, considering they all had tried so hard to get rid of him with Pepper. However, when their eyes fell on the ring on Steve's finger, Clint, Natasha, and Bucky cleared their throats and spouted about going to check out a new gym before disappearing. Bruce muttered an excuse about going to check some books out at the library, disappearing out the door too. Rhodey and Pepper both excuse themselves while saying they have work and paperwork to complete, vanishing, leaving Tony and Steve alone.
He was. He is. Tony's faith is gone.
Tony felt Steve coming down his throat, waited patiently for a moment or two until his lungs began to burn, carefully pulling his fingers out of Steve as he inched back, sucking gently to clean off the softening cock. Giving the head one last lick, Tony pulled off of Steve completely, the bitter taste of his husband’s cum lingering. He looked up to meet Steve’s hazy blue eyes as he leaned back on his heels, lifting a hand to wipe the dribbles of cum he hadn’t managed to swallow off with his thumb. He smirked, tongue flickering out to lick the remains.
He’d been in denial long enough. He’d hoped to remain in that state, but damn. Natasha never let things go his way.
The tale of Icarus plays in his mind as he watches Steve. Just then, Steve turns his head to meet his eyes, smiling brightly and gives him a little wave, and suddenly, Tony can’t breathe. It’s only when Steve turns to nod to Natasha that he drags in a shaky breath.
Tony never says “I love you.”
Steve was home.
If Steve didn’t want to listen, he would make him.
“Fuck, Tony, please, please-” He gasped out, the words tumbling from his lips as he tugged lightly at his husband’s hair. “Tony, please, I need-” he continued, feeling as if he would turn to ash on the spot from the ravaging fire that burned in his blood.
Natasha holds him tight. He doesn’t have to look back at the punching bag to know whether Steve is there or not. He’ll never be there again.
Tony stood up slowly, a brief glint of silver flashing before it suddenly spread in an instant, rapidly crawling over and covering his skin, fitting onto his body like a second skin. The liquid armor moved as if it was an extension of his body as Tony closed his eyes, relishing in the feeling. The armor seemed to swallow him up in gleaming silver until finally, the armor framed his head and jaw, leaving his face exposed. An eerie blue glow settled on the center of his chest, and slowly, Tony opened his eyes as a chilling smile that could freeze blood settled on his lips, wicked and confident.
His eyes glowed the same eerie blue.
It’s definitely not anything like that when he makes random Disney references from the movies they’ve watched that Steve immediately gets at the breakfast table, making him grin or chuckle while the others look at them like they’re insane. That’s okay. He doesn’t mind being a little insane if it makes Steve smile.
“Tony, Tony, oh fuck, please, Tony-” he begged, hips stuttering as he was trapped between the slick heat of Tony’s mouth and the curling strokes of the brunet’s fingers, and at this point, Steve didn’t know what he was begging for. He didn’t know, God, he didn’t know but he needed something, anything-
Strong brows furrow in concentration, his full lips as soft and as colored as pink rose petals that part as he breathes in and out, his broad shoulders hunched and chest heaving. He clenches his teeth, showing a chiseled jawline that would make Adonis weep. Steve moves faster, almost a blur, pushing, straining, and Tony knows that he won’t stop until he’s at the brink of breaking.
“What was that for?” He rasps out, a smile on his lips, and Steve’s giddy. He grins and shrugs, repeating his words from before.
Tony smiled, pulling away to stoop down and grab his jacket off the floor, dusting that before he slipped it back on, fixing it shut.
Tony thought that his chest would split open at the thought of Steve Rogers, his thought suddenly unorganized and loud, emotions battering against each other in his head; anger, disgust, curiosity, and worst of all, love. Tony’s teeth set upon his lip in a glower, eyes narrowing as he slammed his fist down onto the desk in cold fury. What was this? His mind knew, logically, that this was a weakness. His mind had already categorized Steve Rogers as a risk and a threat that could quite potentially be his undoing. His mind knew, and he’d already deduced that he would need to eliminate Steve Rogers, however, something reacted violently to his rational thoughts. A bolt of pain struck into his chest as he felt something inside of him twist and near break at the thought of Steve no longer existing.
Tony is leaning back on him with his tablet on his lap, back against Steve’s side, and Steve has his arm resting on Tony’s, a book in the other. He turns his head, but Tony’s completely absorbed into his work, scrolling through the tablet, and Steve just watches, his face soft and lips curled into a slight smile. He leans in, pressing his lips to a patch of skin behind Tony’s ear, and the reaction he gets is entirely unexpected but welcome.
“It is.”
“Welcome home, darling,” Tony whispered, feeling the blond’s frame shudder under his hands to his breathy words. He let Steve draw back enough to press their foreheads together, noses bumping against each other as they shared another laugh, the high of the moment overriding everything else. The genius smiled, hand settling on the nape of Steve’s neck as his fingers coiled into the strands of hair there. “Miss me?” He teased, a smirk curling his lips.
Tony’s tongue made flash appearances as he alternated between sucking and swirling it around the head of Steve’s length, swiping over the slit to lap after the taste of precum infiltrating his mouth, tracing teasingly over the ridges of the hard flesh. Tony didn’t look away from Steve’s flushed face once the entire time, watching as Steve panted and shuddered in his grip.
“I’m not hungry.” Tony said. What the hell was going on? What was he forgetting? He had to do something, meet someone, but every time he tried to grasp a thought it slipped away from him. It was just out of reach, but he couldn’t get a grip on it. It was driving him crazy. With a sudden stab of fear, he wondered if he didn’t have dementia. It would explain the wobbliness of time, and his memory failure.
“A while,” Tony admitted.
“Sir. I see the jet lag hasn’t worn off yet.”
Bucky feinted left and grabbed a chunk of Steve’s hair.
Even their sparring sessions had gone out of hand. One day, Bucky had glimpsed a set of bruises on Tony. Furious he had gone to Steve – no one else could have done it. When he’d confronted him, Steve had started stammering and Bucky had given him a good talking to, reminding him that Tony didn’t have the serum like them and Steve had to be more careful with him.
“All day,” Iron Man said, fatalistic.
But just when Bucky hoped that his best friend and the man he’d helped raise as a boy were finally becoming friends, they drifted apart again. And this time it was worse. They stopped spending time together, where the three of them used to hang out together, it was just him and Steve or him and Tony. When Steve and Tony were in a room together, the energy between them would be intense- like they wanted to beat the hell out of each other; just like before, only worse now.
“Steve.”
“I know,” Black Panther murmured over the sound of two super-soldiers grappling and yelling at each other. “I saw the video.”
What the hell?
Bucky laughed and tried to defuse the by now familiar tension by cracking a joke. “Don’t mind him, he’s missing his red thong lady.”
Okay.
He had, a month two months ago, some constipation, and indigestion. He’d felt tired. So tired. He thought it was the accords. Then the indigestion hit, and joint pain. He’d been so irritable, thinking it was age catching up to him. He’d even snapped at Steve a couple of times. It was like he couldn’t bear his own alpha suddenly.
Okay so maybe he could have at least put on a nicer hoodie not covered in stains.
"Still having trouble with technology?" Coulson didn't like to beat around the bush, Steve would give him that.
The kid leaned against the side of the game to watch him. He looked bored. He probably thought Steve wasn't gonna last a damn minute but he'd show him!
"Shall I redirect his call to SHIELD's actual technical support?" JARVIS asked.
"Please."
The lawyers voice jump-started his brain, and Bucky sent him a dark glare. He stood, and Orzman jumped up himself in shock. "And he just thought he could fucking sic some lawyer and that would be fucking it? He doesn't even have the balls to show up himself?"
Tony seemed to notice his hesitation. "I'll make you a deal," he offered. "You bring me interesting human things, and I'll give you any of these that I find."
"If you need any suggestions, I'm full of them." Too many of them, if Pepper and Rhodey were anything to go by.
Steve hesitated. "Yeah. Isn't that how it works for mermaids? Don't you, I dunno, trade seashells for food or something?"
Bucky stood frozen. He couldn't even tell if he was trying to take it or not. All he knew was that the arm stayed unmoved at his side.
Tony snorted. "Are you kidding? My life was so much simpler before you guys showed up." Truth. "I'd like for my tower to be nice and quiet." Truth.
Now he was just here, alone in his rooms.
Bucky gaped at him. "What the fuck. Is that why you stopped the divorce? Were you trying to find a way around it?"
"Are you Steven G. Rogers?" he asked.
He looked away from the holograms of the new smart watch the board was pushing him to make. "Who?"
The video cuts off, and the screen changes back to the news anchor.
"Only the ones I really like," he said with a wink.
He also knew when someone was lying. There was a strange sour feel to their emotions that Steve came to recognize as deceit.
Steve and his team weren't often in Wakanda. Even if they had the resources, he didn't like to impose. They were already doing so much for Bucky. But between their work against Hyrda and avoiding the arm of the law, they would stop by on T'Challa's open invitation.
"I'm going to sleep for the next year," Bucky groaned.
"Fuck off!" Tony shouted. He couldn't take this. He probably deserved it, to be haunted by a constant reminder of his biggest failure, but he couldn't take his much longer.
Steve guessed he had a point.
"Okay, what kind of phone do you have?" Tony asked, wondering if he should just help Steve through the settings from the get go.
He didn't have to wait long before someone swiped to get into the door next to it and he rushed over, grabbing it before it closed and slipping in. He followed the wall to the right until he reached an area with an unmarked elevator and a line of black cars with black out windows.
Steve bit his lip. He looked down at the quarters in his hand.
Steve laughed. "No lie," he promised, and kissed him.
When his stop finally came, Bucky wasted no time getting out onto the street. It was still another two blocks, but he didn't need to look at street signs to know which way to go. This was unfortunately a route he was familiar with.
Tony froze, and Steve looked over in concern. "Is this okay?" he asked. He didn't want to make Tony uncomfortable.
It was his left.
Nat seemed to look through him for a moment. "All our gear will be here in the morning. Why don't we all head to bed?" Nat gave Steve a pointed look. "All of us."
"I won't be able to bring you human stuff anymore," Steve said apologetically.
Tony hummed in approval.
Steve looked towards the back of his parlor. He should really do some of the paperwork that’s piled up... Steve wasn't usually one for sweets, but Bucky and Sam never said no to a donut in the morning. This was probably the only opportunity he'd get.
Steve turned back, his brow creased. "How did you know my name?"
"No," Tony admitted. "But they should."
Sam and Bucky make faces at each other. They'd been doing that a lot during this mission.
"Oh. Well. They told me I could get a hold of Tech Support if I needed help." 'They.' Sounded ominous. "I'm not very good with all these acronyms nowadays, but I looked in the address book in the phone they gave me, and there was one labeled TS."
Steve moved his head to kiss Tony's palm. "Never."
He heard a hum down the line. He couldn't tell if Steve was agreeing with him or humoring him. He'd take it either way.
"You okay?" Tony asked. "You're not bleeding internally or anything, right? You got that pinched look."
Tony cackled.
Tony was particularly interested in the padlock. Asking all kinds of questions about how it worked. Apparently mermaids weren't interested in making things. They would craft some necessary tools for hunting and cooking, but most were uninterested in more.
Tony jerked back and glared at him. "You're not a dumb dog! You're smart and you're loyal! They don't call dogs man's best friend because they're dumb."
Tony reared back and looked at him like he was crazy. He opened his mouth a few times, but seemed unable to speak. Instead, he gave Steve and exasperated look, grabbed Steve on either side of his face and kissed him.
Steve smiled back. "Yeah, I can see that."
His arms were solid and strong as they crushed Tony into an embrace. This second kiss was far from gentle, and Tony wanted to weep. If Steve has been drowning in the ocean, Tony had been dying of thirst in a desert. It was the sweet cool water of an oasis after years of wandering alone.
Jan glared at him over Natasha's shoulder.
Steve's ears twitched, his tail slowly starting to wag.
"You gonna play or just stare at it all day?"
Tony smirked and grabbed his hand. Steve resisted a moment, but soon allowed Tony to pull him out of the main gallery to an empty hallway. He pushed him against the wall, and by the tightening anger in Steve's face, this was the extent of his cooperation.
"Well of course that's what
is my
"Uh, who
Natalia and Bucky plopped themselves down next to him. He starled a bit and his wings ruffled but settled down easily.
Steve stopped the bike. "Sorry, what did you say?"
He never
"Fuck you too," Peter spat. He squinted. "Can I ask about your wings? Or are you going to call me insane?"
"Yep," Harley stuck his hand out and MJ regarded him.
Peter nodded. "And my aunt was killed in front of me. And I don't know if the Avengers are coming after me or not-"
Everything was going to be okay.
Natasha was sitting next to Peter, arm wrapped around his shoulder as he shuddered and still tried to come down from the sensory overload he had.
"Cus I had a girlfriend or two," Harley answered. "I'm bi Pete."
""Are you kidding?" Peter waved his hands. "I went from having no dad and no mom to two moms and two dads," he gestured to Captain America and Tony. Cap looked surprised for a moment as Peter continued. "This is a total upgrade and probably the best day of my entire life!""
"This is Peter. Peter, this is your mother, Natasha Romanov." Phil introduced.
"So what have all of you been talking about?" Tony asked, changing the subject.
"Your wings are Phoenix wings." Steve repeated.
"Tony," Steve kissed the genius's head made a face. "Tony, you have to take a shower right now." Tony was staring at a holographic screen, his eyes starting to go red.
Thor frowned, Bruce cocked his head, Clint and Natasha threw him incredulous looks and Steve looked tense.
Harley woke up to the sound of his garage being blown up.
but that doesn't mean I'm going to be anything short of cautious with her." Natasha snarled, sending a glare to Steve.
2000 - Peter is born
Tony cat was in his lap, purring and humming, tail flicking lazily around Steve's face.
"Yeah," Peter nodded. "I was called to the office -?"
"That's good to hear," Harley smiled at him as they began to walk. "Did you know that
"He was doing that all morning," Clint complained from the couch.
"Red Sparrow." Natasha said smoothly and Peter nodded.
MJ frowned. "What do you mean?"
At the tower, pretty much everyone got into their own routines. At certain points in the day they would head down to the gym and train together. Bruce would join Tony in the lab a lot and often Clint perched above both of them, keeping an eye on them. Steve found him doing that to a lot of people.
"Strange is getting us home." Bucky hugged Steve tightly. "You gave us a heart attack
And a man in love with Death has them all.
"What is?" Everyone turned to see Peter pocketing his phone and walking inside.
"Steve!"
want in a child. They can choose how to have you grow up. They dictate everything in your life because suddenly-they're your parents.
"Jarvis is currently fixing a containment problem in the third section of the Training Room A3," FRIDAY cheerfully responded. "If you require assistance, Miss Romanov, feel free to ask."
"Now that that's done," Steve muttered and left the room, trying to push down the emotions that were rising. Tony didn't remember anything? Great, just his luck.
"Hello
~~~~~~~
"Harley?" Tony scoffed, eyes narrowing. "What the hell are you talking about?"
There was a moment and then Natasha decided that the moment lasted long enough and cleared her throat. May startled and backed away, looking around and seemed embarrassed.
Killian ignored her as Peter was dragged out in front of him. Peter whimpered, struggling as his wings beat as fast as they could. They fluttered around him and Peter seemed to be freaking out.
Wattpad Vers. will be posted soon
Peter stumbled backwards before falling flat on his back. His vision began to waver, going in and out as the man stepped over him, smiling. "Just on
His mother's were a light pink and barely three feet long.
"We ran into a gang." Peter explained quickly. "Turns out they were the gang that killed my par - adoptive parents and my uncle Ben. And um...I killed her." Peter pointed guiltily.
Peter blinked. "I'm not an amazing engineer but sure, I'd - I'd like that." Then he frowned. "Wait, why am I living here?"
"Yep," he said as Natalia pulled away.
"Well, I assume you know that we're the Avengers," Steve introduced everyone one by one and they all waved back. Clint seemed a little tense as well but mostly everyone else was polite and loving to her.
are the Avengers?"
He closed his eyes, breathing in a deep breath just as May knocked and came in. She had tears in her eyes and Peter began to cry too. She huddled him into a hug and they sat there for a moment.
Tony was thrown out.
"Fair enough." Natasha smiled. "How about you three go to the living room and set up a movie and Steve can get some popcorn going." Steve brightened, nodding and looking pleased that he could be helpful as he left the room.
Clint was next to Pietro who was next to Wanda. Next to Wanda was Bucky, then Steve, then Natalia, then Peter. They were in an army carrier plane and had parked the quinjet in the air next to the plane.
"It's just - I used to come out here - all the time - because I - It's - It's the street where my parents crashed their car and died," Tony said flatly.
He swung around, making his way back to the place where the man had told him to meet him. Peter's ears were ringing and his heart was thudding as he touched down on one of the roofs.
," Natasha kissed her cheek back and Pepper giggled. "You look wonderful tonight," Pepper was wearing a beautiful navy blue dress that Natasha recognized as the dress she wore to Tony's party back before Iron Man even existed. Natasha herself was wearing a dark red. It was sleeveless and came up to her neck. It was tight and slim around her waist before flowing out to just below her ankles and there was a slit in it to reveal her legs.
!" Steve's annoyed voice came through Tony's comm and Tony waved off the conversation that was happening.
Which made sense if the Black Widow wasn't lying to him and he was
He had a Gauntlet in his hand. It was gold and had six stone in it. According to Strange and Tony, the stones were Infinty Stones; Time, Reality, Space, Power, Mind, and Soul. The Tesseract was the Space Stone and Vision was the Mind Stone.
"Well this was a horrible idea," Steve remarked, peering down at the explosion below him.
"I - yeah! How do you know him?" Peter yelped.
to teach you."
"Did you lock the gang up?" Steve asked and Bucky shook his head. "So could they still be out there looking for Peter?"
Harry shrugged. "Okay." And he tossed the keys into a tank.
Words: 1k+
"Yeah." Tony smiled proudly. "And actually, I reached 250 when I was
"Not that you never gave the tools to him," Tony added hastily towards May. "It just - you know, you gave him the best you could." May smiled lightly.
Steve closed his eyes. He didn't want to look behind him but he did it anyway. He had brilliant goldn wings, about nine feet long.
Artie stumbled a bit but nodded rapidly and scampered off with his friends. The kid watched them go before scooping the pad up from the ground. He frowned, looking at the mud and dirt on it as he tried to scrape it off. He sighed.
Steve entered and closed his eyes, praying for it not to hurt.
Steve tried to pull down his bonds but Killian clicked at him. "Ah-ah-ah. I wouldn't do that. Those are vibranium-stolen from Klau himself."
"MJ bought me a pizza and shake today," Peter whispered. "She said I didn't have to pay her back but I feel like we should."
Natasha nodded.
"I just think that -" Steve started.
He slipped into the building and twisted around the thinning crowd as he raced to get to AP Chemistry. He slipped in just before Mr. Becker came and closed the door. Peter flipped his backpack over when he sat down in between MJ and Ned.
Peter blinked. "What?"
"Peter," Natasha tried as her son stomped up the steps and left them all behind. She turned away, sighing a little.
His father's were a dark brooding black and stretched to at least five feet long-maybe longer.
"Right." Steve blinked. "Erm."
"This is horrible." Tony fumed under his breath as the priest began the ceremony. "I can't believe-"
When they entered Peter's room, Clint burst into a fit of cackling laughter.
Harley fell over.
"Oh my god," Black Widow pulled away, crouched next to the couch that Peter was sitting criss-crossed on and she wiped away his hair, cupping his face with her hands. "You...you look like Tony." She smiled softly. "And...I...your eyes...."
Confused, Flash left them to catch up to the group that was getting ready to leave.
Tony purred again, curling up on Steve's chest and apparently finding it a content spot to sleep because the next thing Steve knew was Tony falling asleep on his chest.
Peter and Bucky startled and they both turned to see that the bald man was back. Bucky stood in front of Peter protectively as the bald man looked over Peter with a wild look that Peter didn't quite like.
It took three days and all of the Avengers pitched in. Natasha had called the school saying that Peter was taking the rest of the week off. She and Tony explained the situation and then told the administrators that they would all have to sign an NDA. And when the Black Widow threatens you to stay silent, you stay silent.
When Steve said his goodbyes and hung up, Tony slouched back on the couch. "I need more coffee."
The sound that came through the voice filter probably started as a groan. "Unfortunately."
He climbed over the uneven rocks along the water, ignoring the sharp points under his feet and Bucky's scolding voice in his head. When he finally stumbled over the last obstacle, he got a clear look of the small bay, and froze.
"I'm wounded," Tony said with an exaggerated groan. "I send you a brand-spanking-new tablet, and you let it collect dust? I bet you haven't even checked your email, have you."
Steve mashed the buttons, one for punching and one for his repulsors. It took a while to get used to not needing a jump button. Iron Man could fly after all.
When he was selected, Erskine had been right. His powers were almost overwhelming at first, but he had to learn to adapt on his own when the assassin hit its mark.
Tony cleared his throat and suddenly the tail was gone, hidden below the water once more. There was a blush on Tony's cheeks that rivaled the red of the fins on the side of his face. But he looked pleased, so Steve supposed that was a good thing.
Tony hissed and pounced, but went straight through him. Tony would have slammed right into the bookshelves if Steve hadn't grabbed him around the waist. "We were studying, Loki," Steve corrected sternly. "You're the one who tripped."
Steve didn't know how long he stood there but when an interview guest began to speculate on whether Steve had left Tony for Bucky, his 'old flame,' he shut the screen off. That hadn't been it. He and Bucky had never been together, but he had meant a lot to him. After Peggy died, Bucky was the last thing he had left.
Orzman produced a bundle of papers with a flourish. He pushed it across the table towards Bucky, who only glanced at it. "It has come to our attention that an unfortunate error has been made. The divorce was never finalized, and you are, officially, still married to Mr. Stark."
Shuri merely nodded and walked passed, the doors sliding shut behind her.
Tony's ears perked up. Did he?
When Stark led them past, the man didn't even even notice his boss as he gave Bucky a double take. Bucky shifted his shoulders, making sure the metal hand was still in his pocket. He was suddenly aware if what exactly he was wearing.
They both started, and Hogan pulled out a gun.
Steve started, wide eyed. He looked up at Tony and blushed.
"Yes," Steve agreed.
"Do I just call back when I'm done?"
Tony blinked. "Bucky?" He looked over at Bucky in surprise. "I thought your name was James."
"Neat," Tony said, because even he knew it was rude to just interrogate some guy over the phone about his mutations. He did a quick skim of Windows 8 guides, and was relieved to see you could still get back on the original format. He could definitely work with that. He hoped the guy had an Internet connection. "So, I want you to look for a tile that says desktop. It's probably a picture of a hill..."
"When we, well," Tony hesitated, "When we weren't on speaking terms, let's say. I always tried to keep track of you, but you guys knew how to cover your tracks, leave no clear images. When we finally saw each other again, it was gone. I never actually saw a picture of you with the beard until afterwards... I don't know if it was fortunate or not that I didn't see it before. I probably wouldn't have left our rift go on for so long if I did."
Steve blinked at it and checked his watch. It was an unusual sight to see no line outside the door at 6:30.  The bakery was very popular, and people were willing to wait for hours just to get inside. He guessed he wasn't the only one deterred by the weather.
Steve watched the dock fall away, and hit the water like a brick wall. It was icy and cold, and Steve flailed, trying to find up, trying to breach the surface. He knew he must be sinking because it was getting darker. He started to panic and gasped. It felt like his throat and lungs were full of ice, stabbing him. The cold was so encompassing, he could barely move.
It hadn't been a sex tape, but Steve felt more exposed than if it had been.
The man shrugged, and poured himself a glass, not bothering with ice. "I'm still on Hong Kong time." He took a huge gulp, and studied Bucky. "When's the last time you had that arm checked?"
The most startling thing was no one could tell him how to use anything. They would tell him to go to the "settings" but he didn't know how. Usually they would just do it for him with an indulgent smile. He knew they were trying to help, but he wasn't actually learning how to do anything.
He didn't know what these men thought, but survival out in the wilderness hadn't changed much. He was probably better equipped, seeing as he wasn't used to the creature comforts expected in modern life.
"I know. This is your phone." He slid it closer. He waited for Steve to meet him in the eye again. "In-person sessions aren't working. We both know that out in the field if a tactic doesn't work, we try a different approach. We don't go into a situation with only one plan. If the mission is important enough, then we don't give up until the job gets done."
Steve ducked his head against the rain as he jogged across the street. It was a short trip, but he was soaked by the time he reached the door. He opened the door, darted inside and abruptly stopped.
There was another pause. "I, uh, right now?"
"It better be!" Jan growled. "No one is allowed to change anyone's styles but me!"
Steve leaned over and pressed his lips against Tony's. He gently scratched at the stubble growing on Tony's jaw.
Tony was ready to hang up on the guy, because really? You didn't ask Mozart to write a jingle for your cat food commercial. Or to teach your 3rd grade class the recorder. Or to tune your piano. Ooh. That sounded sexual. He was getting off topic. Anyway. Really. He was ready to hang up. His finger was hovering over End Call...
"Buck." It was Steve, just on the other side of the door. "You okay in there?" It must not be the first time he'd called.
Loki sighed, looking at his nails. "Calm down."
Steve took out his small knife and crawled closer, but the merman twisted. Steve shuffled back and put his hands up. He supposed he didn't look very non-threatening with the knife in his hand, but he couldn't leave him there. Even if Steve had been strong enough to pull the net to the water, he worried the merman couldn't get out.
Steve made quick work getting the left gauntlet off as well, but when he moved over to the table, something fell out onto the floor. For a horrible moment, he thought it was a piece of finger, but when he picked it up, he could help but give a sad little laugh.
--------------------------
It was the merman, lounging on the shore. He was giving Steve a smirk that hinted at sharpened teeth. His red tail lazily waved behind him. Even in the cloudy weather, it was shiny and magnificent looking.
A peek through the peephole showed a skinny man in a suit who looked like he was smelling something horrible. When Bucky cracked open the door without undoing the chain, the man sneered like he found the source of the smell.
He suddenly desperately wanted someone to talk to.
Steve got pretty good at weeding out the bullies. They were always lying, whether it was about their intentions or their beliefs. A man yelling flippantly at the news reel, disrespecting the soldiers fighting overseas and the others in the theater. He felt their frustration at the man's attitude. Steve hated the negative effect someone could have on so many people.
The warmth hurt at first, like prickly needles all over his limbs. His hands and toes felt like they were on fire. He tried to turn away from the warmth, but he felt like he was floating, unable to get leverage on anything. He tried to move his limbs but it felt like they were weighted down.
"Sir? Are you still there?"
Tony stared at him a long moment before smirking again. "Bucky the Guppy."
The space was warm and cozy with gold and red highlights accenting the fixtures. Rows and rows of colorful donuts, cakes, cookies and pastries lined the displays, almost overflowing with baked goods. Steve had never seen anything like it.
Hogan seemed particularly irritated. "Boss, I'll get rid of him."
That was over seventy years ago, but for him it was only a few. Finding himself surrounded by men who didn't trust him to know which end the bullet came out of a rifle was infuriating.
It had lot of pictures and few words, but it all seemed to swim in his vision. He tossed the guide down, not having the patience to figure this out right now. He felt dumb and useless and lonely.
Tony smirked down at the collection of tarnished cabinet knobs and a broken plate. "It's big and blue and wet."
Steve's heart was in his throat and he started to shiver. He knew he didn't imagine Tony, but at that moment it felt like he had to be. He felt so alone.
And when the purr started up again, he didn't stop that either.
A dull numbness overcame him. His vision was blacking out. He only had a single thought for Tony when his mind slipped under, making him imagine he felt lips against his own.
--------------------------
Steve knew what that meant too. Bucky didn't hear a sigh, but he was sure Steve gave one. "See you tonight."
It took a long time for Steve not to jump to conclusions. He learned Tony was a master at hiding himself. Lies and sarcasm were his tools of the trade. He deflected so easily using others' minds against them. He put up so many false flags that quickly lead to incorrect conclusions. It was easy to miss the truth.
He felt like throwing up. Just when he'd drank enough to forget. He never remembered having hallucinations when he was drunk, and this was a hell of a time to start.
The forth had melted on a hot plate.
"You've had enough."
Stark stared down unseeing at the papers for a long time.
"Metal?"
Steve scratched his jaw, still unused to his beard even though it had been growing for the last couple months. At least it wasn't as itchy as it had been. "I just want to shave this thing off."
Tony stopped. He could set up Steve with the free trial, but that only lasted a month. Tony didn't know exactly what Steve's finances were. Did SHIELD pay him? Did he have a credit card? Did he even have a bank account? For all Tony knew he stuffed his money under the mattress. Just the idea of having to go through all that was giving him a headache.
He blinked. When he breathed in, he felt water rushing through his nose.
But Tony wasn't looking at the portrait. He was staring at the man before it. His back was to him. His broad shoulders were made to look even broader in his suit jacket, and they blocked most of the painting. His golden hair glowed lightly in the gallery lights. It was shorter than Tony last remembered. He was...
Steve rolled his shoulders as he trudged down the Quinjet ramp. It was late, nearly four in the morning, but he had to fight the disappointment at not seeing Tony waiting for him.
He finally stood up when the heat began really getting to him. He took a moment to brush as much sand off his trousers and shirt as he could before putting away his knife and grabbing the net. Even with the large hole cut into it, it was worth at least a few dimes. When he turned to head back to the beach proper, a glint in the sand caught Steve's eye. He knelt, and carefully picked it up.
A cold shiver went down his spine. "What do you want?"
A video. There were many videos, and Steve felt nauseous at the prospect of any of them being broadcast on the news. They were personal and heated. Steve had liked them. He had a photographic memory but there was an intensity that memories could never really capture. Maybe Steve had liked the proof, the real physical proof that they'd been something. Tony could always be hard to pin down. Maybe he thought they'd keep him from running.
Tony rubbed his face against Steve's shoulder. Steve's tail was thumping on the blanket.
It took a week for Steve to make his full transformation. He was worried about his legs turning into a tail until Tony explained they'd wrap them up so they could fuse together. Steve said it was like a cocoon, and Tony had him explain the whole life cycle of butterflies.
"Think they'll finally kiss goodbye?" Sam murmured. Steve probably had the ability to hear him even from this distance, but he was so focused on Tony, Sam doubted anything short of an emergency alarm would pull his attention away. And even then...
Steve managed to get all the way to the Mandarin before a huge blast from one of his rings zaps the last of his arc reactor energy. Steve groaned. He'd been so close!
"I'm not a kid," Steve repeated with a glare.
He was reminded of his first, and last, USO show overseas. The soldiers had seen him as a clown in red, white and blue. He could acknowledge he hadn't proven himself at that point, but once he had, he'd never had to do it again with the men on the ground.
The panic before was nothing like the spike of panic now. "No!" Lie.
A body. There was a body.
Right when Steve resolved to go down to the gym to release some frustration on a punching bag, his eyes landed on the clean silver and black box on his desk. It had arrived the morning they'd set out, so he hadn't more than glanced at it, much less opened it.
Bucky stared at the pen.
She didn't look happy, but acquiesced and shut the door.
Tony winced. So maybe he wasn't that successful at hiding his annoyance. "My fault," he admitted. And now he was owning up to his mistakes. Who the hell was this guy. "So!" he started, forcing the cheer a little but he was gonna push forward. "Swipe down from the top. You should see a little gear at the top right," he repeated.
He played up the ignorant layman, accusing it of being on par with kindergarten finger-painting. He pushed her towards realism and figurativism, towards new artists with honed technique. He told her he wanted to discover the next big artist; he wanted to finance the next "Leonardo DiCaprio." She'd stopped trying to correct him after the fifth time.
Steve's grin widened to almost painful. "You do."
Steve swallowed, remembering the fight and being thrown off the dock. The cold and the dark.
Tony blinked and the noise he hadn't even noticed stopped. He burried his face in Steve's neck to hide his blush. "Why did you get to be a tough dog and I'm a sissy cat?" He moved his tail out of Steve's reach to tuck it against his side out of the way.
"What? What's with the face?"
"Of course. When else?" Tony asked, raising an eyebrow.
Tony stopped to look at him. The large fin on the back poked out of the water, and Steve took it as an invitation. When the tail came closer, Steve reached out to touch it, but hesitated, glancing at Tony for permission. All he received was a grin, so he petted the large fin. Steve had been afraid it would be cold and slimy, like most fish. Instead, it was smooth, almost silky. The little spines made long ridges along the webbing.
Steve froze and looked over his shoulder at the grinning face. "Bucky?"
"Fell?" Bucky asked suspiciously.
"When you put it like that, it almost sounds reasonable." Lie.
He kept that hand in the sleeve as he opened the door,  and was hit with the smell of caffeine. In the kitchen, he found a pot of coffee already brewed.
Tony. He was close, hovering near with his webbed hand out like he didn't know if he should touch him or not.
When he placed a gentle hand on Tony's shoulder, it might as well have been a zap with a cattle prod.
"Sir has fallen asleep at his desk in his workshop."
Tony sighed. "Tony St— stellar tech support speaking."
Tony sighed and looked at his hand. There was a shallow cut on his ring finger, probably from one of the finger plates being bent in during the fight. "That's what, the tenth?"
Steve looked up to find Tony had managed to take off his chest piece and a boot on his own. "Sorry, sorry." He put the ring on the coffee table and helped him with the next boot.
Stark smirked, something that actually looked genuine. "And you didn't say no," he concluded. He flipped through the pages again, the smile fading from his face. "Describe this lawyer to me."
"It's got a bunch of colored tiles on a purple background."
"That's a lie!"
"Computers are finicky, Steve. When in doubt, turn it off and on again. It's like the tech support mantra." Which was all perfectly true. It just didn't actually pertain to this instance. But Tony had learned a while ago, some people tended to object to him buying them things. Steve seemed like that kind of guy.
"It seems that way, sir," JARVIS said, sounding amused.
Steve looked outside the front windows at the pounding rain. He was debating whether he wanted to still do his morning run when he focused on the illuminated storefront of Marvelous Cupcakes across the street.
"Yeah?" Steve asked, tentative and unsure but hopeful.
Bucky kicked Steve's shin under the table. "You keep glaring at your food like that and it'll spoil."
Steve nodded.
Tony looked like he was going through the same thought process.
Steve stared at him. No one had ever asked him to play with them before. He looked at the co-op game with longing. "I don't have—"
Tony glared. "I do not!" Lie. "You're the most infuriating man I know!" Truth. "I don't know why I put up with you." Lie.
Hogan looked like he wanted to protest, but put it back in the holster. He didn't clip it back in.
He was gently laid down on the cushions on his side. A thick pillow propped up his pounding head. Tony groaned. His body wasn't liking this new position but seemed to settle down.
Tony smirked. "The painting. It's beautiful."
The men on his squad didn't know how to react to him. He held their respect but not their confidence. He was Captain America, and the uniform was a symbol. Before the exercise, one of the men had come up to shake his hand, and thank him for his service. But Steve Rogers was from another time, a 'less enlightened' time.
Steve rolled his eyes. "I was thrown off," he admitted.
Bucky knew Stark was right, Steve wouldn't have taken anything that wasn't his.
"I'll talk to you later," Tony said, surprised that he hoped he would.
Jan walked up to the base of the statue. "Tony! It'll be okay. I'll modify a couple pairs of pants for your tail. Ooh, maybe I can even design some accessories to put on it. Like cuffs. Please come down?"
Until the shock smoothed away to a more determined look. He finally moved, but not away. Closer. He stroked the beard again.
When he turned back around, he saw the paperwork still sitting on the kitchen table. The lawyer's gilded card sat on top.
"You get food with that?" Tony asked incredulously.
"I won't be gone long," Bucky said, sipping at his cabbage broth. It was really all they could afford on Bucky's measly salary and any money Steve could bring in from trading in cans and the occasional odd job.
Bucky became acutely aware of the metal at his side. It didn't matter how hidden Bucky's arm was, its presence would always be there where Stark was concerned. "I'm not here to talk about that," he gritted out.
Steve glared at him. "Yes I do."
"No!" Tony said far too quickly. "I mean..." He really should...
"It's a natural hot spring."
"JARVS!" Tony barked, startling her. He quickly swiped back to the exhibit details. "What's the date?"
Tony swallowed, but seemed transfixed by Steve's gaze, unable to look away. "I like you, too." Lie.
It smelled so damn good, like vanilla, cinnamon, strawberries and chocolate.
He watched Steve and Tony as they spoke at the entrance to the hanger. It wasn't unusual to see Steve suited up in his uniform standing next to Tony in jeans and a weird shirt. It also wasn't unusual for one to find some reason to talk endlessly with the other. Even when a certain Capitan should be on a Quinjet heading over the Atlantic right now.
Which was why Tony frustrated him so much.
Steve grabbed his jacket, and walked out, not even bothering to lock the door.
Sure, Stark was rich, and Bucky could begrudgingly say also charismatic and good-looking, but Steve was no dummy. That wasn't anything that would fool him. Stark could charm his way into people's bank accounts and their beds, but that's all it was. There wasn't any depth to that.
Dark. Curtains shut. Barest glow from the edges. His bed under him. His feet on stiff carpet. Cold.
The term stung, but he couldn't argue with it. "I guess so."
"It would be most fortuitous if there were someone to persuade him into a bed."
When Steve asked if Erskine could feel emotions too, he said no, but that he could see people's auras, an energy field that spoke of the character of one's soul. It was that which told him Steve was not like other men, that he was special. This serum would take what was already in Steve and return it tenfold.
He couldn't believe it. He felt his hands, both of them, curl into fists so tight it was difficult to loosen them. That fucking rich prick. Bucky wondered if Stark even batted an eye when he found out about it. He was probably just annoyed.
Tony blinked in surprise, but the smirk slid easily back on his face. He tapped Steve on the chest, above his heart. "Right here."
Steve knew he wasn't strong, though that never really stopped him from getting into fights, so he knew when his fist connected with the man's nose and he fell hard, it had been the element of surprise.
Owning a tattoo parlor certainly hadn't been in the plan, but he loved it. After doing some amateur tattooing on his army buddies, Bucky had pushed him to think about it seriously once they were discharged. His parlor was on an old street lined with different kinds of small businesses.
"Trust me, Steve, normal is the most boring thing you could ever be."
Tony spun around on his stool and would have landed face first down on the floor if something hadn't snagged the collar of his shirt. He was propped back on the bar for a moment before his arm was thrown over a wide muscular set of shoulders. He was lifted up, but the movement was too much for him and he doubled over to vomit, only liquid coming up. The alcohol and stomach acid burned his throat and his nostrils.
Coulson's smile expanded a bit. "Phone calls. And a bit of anonymity."
Tony squeezed his hands. "I love you, Steve."
--------------------------
It was then that he brought up the concept of empathy. Steve had never heard of it but as Erskine described it, he knew it was what he had.
The sound of a car approaching spiked Bucky's adrenaline, and he scrambled around the nearest blackout car. He stayed crouched to stay hidden. As soon as the people left, he'd get out of here.
Steve gave him a final peck before pulling back and moving around the couch again. He settled on the coffee table in front of Tony. "Let's get you out of that armor."
"Does it fold in half?"
"I could probably stand to see your face tomorrow." Lie.
Tony looked like he wanted to say something, but he seemed to think better of it. He smiled and just said, "me too."
Captain America was who he aspired to be. Iron Man... Steve blushed just thinking about him.
Bucky knew if he walked into the lobby, he wouldn't get anywhere. Instead, he walked past to the next block and a nondescript garage door.
Steve's shoulders relaxed a bit. That was an analogy that Steve could understand. During the war going against Hydra, the plans that he and the Commandos made before the attack rarely unfolded as they thought it would. They always improvised, brushed aside the small failures and found a way to win the battle.
"Feet," Steve started to correct, but there were suddenly raised voices on the dock above them. In the time it took for Steve to look up, Tony had disappeared in the water again. "Wait!" Steve said but he was already gone.
The body jerked and Steve was elbowed in the stomach. He fell back as the body thrashed and twisted in the sand. Steve watched, wide-eyed as all of the seaweed was thrown off.
"So, you are going to hit the menu button at the top, three lines, and go to the Playlist tab. You'll hit the options button at the top right, three dots, and select New Playlist." Tony instructed, following the instructions on his own phone.
Steve nodded and walked closer, his eyes straying to the displays. "I thought I'd come over and grab some breakfast for my co-workers."
"Only people with bad taste say that," Tony dismissed, getting the laugh he was hoping for. "I'm going to email you a list of songs, and you're going to add them to this list," Tony explained, making himself a SHIELD tech support email. He started listing out all the hits, ACDC, Black Sabbath, Queen, Guns N Roses, and hell, some Beatles and Rolling Stones. You had to start the guy right. "When you—"
Steve frowned. "What if the right moment never comes?"
"No, no! Keep to the inside!" the kid suddenly said.
"I am Gerald Orzman, and I represent Mr. Tony Stark and Stark Industries. I have some things I wish to discuss with you."
Steve startled, and turned to find a boy smirking at him. He was a head taller with dark hair. He had on a denim jacket over a worn Queen band shirt, nice jeans and high top Chuck Taylors. Steve had seen him a lot around here, pockets full of coins to play as many games as he wanted. He'd seen him playing this game a whole lot.
"I'm breathing underwater," Steve said helplessly.
"You can, but this is quicker."
"Yeah. Sorry," Steve said, his voice sounded further away, but the embarrassment in his voice was pretty clear.
"Language!" Tony scolded.
"Tony," the merman said, staring at the offered hand, like he was expecting it to start doing something.
In the beginning, Pepper was glued to his side. Tony had been tight-lipped to her earlier interrogation attempts. Once they arrived, he just wondered around, schmoozing with a few people and taking a photo-op or two. Luckily, the art was actually worthy of being exhibited, and an hour of looping past the more abstract art piqued Pepper's curiosity enough for her to take a closer look. Tony waited until she was in a deep conversation with a stunning redhead about a painting of some violent slashes of color before slipping away.
Steve laughed, wiping at his eyes. "Tell you what, my next birthday party. Go for it."
Steve rolled his eyes, but still blushed, suddenly conscious of the fact his white shirt was soaked to see-through. "What, uh, do you recommend?"
Loki held his hands up. "I can't."
-------
It had been three long months away from home. Months without sparing, without movie nights, without impromptu meals when Steve would bring food down to the workshop so Tony wouldn't forget to eat. There had obviously been times before when they'd been apart for longer, but not since they reconciled. The friendship that had been torn apart was now mended stronger than ever. Strong enough that Steve wished for more, but he didn't want to risk what they had now. Not when Tony was probably only being friendly back.
He said seriously, "So I can fire him for representing me without my permission to facilitate something I don't want."
"That's probably for the best," his ghost said before leading — or more accurately, dragging — Tony from the penthouse bar over couches.
He quirked a smile. "As long as I'm not paying millions for some cloth painted black and called deep, I'll take your word for it."
-------
"Do you see that little gear?"
Steve's head snapped up.
The man glanced down at Steve's arms inked in red, white and blue, and recognition dawned on his face. "You work at the tattoo place across the street."
Steve didn't like to run, but he didn't have a name in this fight and he scrambled to get away before the stunned group got over their shock. Unfortunately, they did far too quickly and grabbed at him. They got a couple good punches in, and when he fell back hard, his coin purse ripped open, scattering his money across the deck.
Steve flailed, breathing in more water and coughing it out, but it didn't seem like he was getting any air in.
He wasn't half way across the world. He wasn't in a war zone. He was home. He was safe.
"Should've," Tony rebutted. His eyes were too heavy to keep open for long. "I promised I'd protect you. You're dead because I didn't."
"I've got to go, but I really appreciate this," Steve said. "I've been having a really hard time with this."
Steve's stomach did a complicated flip that it could only have learned from Natasha. But his gut knew that happiness told the truth of his words. "That's a lie."
"By the time I got to you," Tony said slowly, "you had already been in the water too long. And it was too cold to just drag you up to shore. I didn't know when someone would find you, and you needed attention immediately."
"It is," he grumbled. "It's a nickname."
After tearing his eyes away from the cabinet, Bucky set his mug down, and deliberately walked away.
Steve rolled his eyes, but he was grinning. "As long as I can be Captain America."
Steve offered his hand. "I'm Steve."
When Steve was growing up, x-genes hadn't been well-known. There was always talk of mutants. Whenever anything strange happened, rumors of people with superpowers would pop up. Radiating both fear and excitement, they would tell others how they knew someone who knew someone who could breath fire or move objects with their mind.
"Okay," Steve said slowly. "It's asking me to name it. Do I just call it New Playlist?"
Pepper Potts walked through with a thunderous expression on her face, and regarded Bucky. She opened her mouth to speak, but she paused when she glanced at Stark's solemn expression. Whatever she was going to say, she settled on, "Your next appointment is becoming impatient, Mr. Stark."
God, he was such a jerk, thinking about buttons while Steve was clearly having a moment, having a painful moment because he couldn't go back home. "Ah," Tony said, his voice strangled. This was why he didn't do emotional mumbo-jumbo. He didn't know if he could really relate. If he had to leave any of the places he owned and never come back, he didn't think he'd have much trouble with that. Maybe his workshop. He didn't want to admit it but not having Dummy or Butterfingers or You around would be tough. Not to mention never seeing Pepper or Rhodey again. So maybe he could relate a little.
"Out!" Bucky snapped.
It had been almost five years since Steve had proposed to Tony and slid the first engagement ring on his finger. It had also been silicon and gold. He'd spent hours looking online and consulting people. He remembered that elation, that excitement, that pure joy when Tony had grinned and said yes.
Steve shook his head. "It didn't. It doesn't. Not usually."
"Oh yeah?" he grinned. "As if you could beat my high score."
"I'll go out looking for stuff on the beach tomorrow," Steve promised.
Stark rolled his eyes, and waved Hogan away. "Only in your dreams, Happy." He moved out from behind his bodyguard to regard Bucky. "I think I've got some time."
"Tech Support," Coulson said, with a nod to the phone. Steve was grateful that he didn't reach over to show him. "No one in tech support has a high enough clearance to be told who you are. When they look up your profile, they'll find Steve Raber."
"Go back to the home screen. There's probably an icon with a music note on it at the bottom. It's just called Music."
Steve sat up, his suit feeling stiff. His arms ached as he managed to pull off the top half, and then the bottom, leaving him in just his undersuit. He was quick to peel off the top of that as well, leaving it bunch around his waist.
Steve was nice and warm, and his bulky body shielded Tony from some of the cold wind that whipped around this high. It was hard to find any privacy, but at least up here any guests were limited to fliers, nosy spies and Squirrel Girl.
Steve leaned in. "I love you, too."
It just didn't work.
Steve reached underneath the Iron Man helmet and unhooked it. He carefully pulled it off Tony's head, revealing his unimpressed face and an impressive head of hair. "Is that any way to treat your fiancé?"
"Uh." Was there more than one? Tony designed the tablet but he didn't actually make any decisions on the packaging. It was quick work to bring up the specs. "The thicker one. The real thin one is a set of headphones." Amazing high-quality headphones. Tony didn't do things by halves.
Steve laughed and nudged him in the ribs. "I want a nice photo. Smile."
The heat of his first cup did a lot to thaw out his head. He was half way through his second cup when there was a terse knock at the door.
Tony blinked, his emotions shocked into nothing before a warm sense of happiness felt like the sun on Steve's face. "I, uh, like working with you, too." Lie.
Steve huffed a laugh. "Everyone is, and they all suggest different things."
"Steve."
Steve huffed a laugh.
His first (and last) USO show was a punch in the gut. Sure, morale was higher at home, but it was only pain on the front lines. He had lost his focus over the last few years, but he suddenly knew what he had to do.
"No," Bucky said before he could think about it. He hadn't exactly been impersonating Steve, but he had not doubts Stark could make it stick if he wanted to. "A lawyer came to the door. Said he worked for you. Asked if I was him. I didn't say yes."
They said he developed weapons, that he was smart. Bucky was sure he just paid off a bunch of people to let him sign his name between his martinis.
"First thing's first. Smell it."
Steve hadn't liked Iron Man for a while. He was just some rich jerk in a shiny suit. But one week when he had been really sick, Sam had brought over a whole bunch of comics for him to read. He started at Issue #1, and he couldn't put them down. Iron Man was smart and cool and funny. Iron Man had built his crazy powerful suit himself. In a cave!
With more pep to their step, Sam and Bucky walked away, starting to debate if they should get food delivered.
Tony couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up, not even bothered by Steve's assumption that Tony couldn't figure it out. "What can I say? SHIELD is ridiculous like that." Tony moved over to the living room and swiped his hand through the air. JARVIS turned on the television and activated the holographic keyboard above the coffee table. Tony sat down and started typing. "Tell you what, I'll help you get onto Google for the moment, and I'll try to see if I can't requisition you a better computer. Or probably a tablet. Would a tablet be better? A tablet would be better."
"It'll grow," Tony hesitantly explained. He placed his hand on top of Steve's, showing his own webbing. "You'll get more scales. More fins... Less legs."
The subway ride back was even more uncomfortable.
Captain America was his favorite character ever. He didn't have a lot of comics, but his friend Sam let him read all of his. Captain America was big and strong and wasn't afraid to stand up to bullies. He was pretty different from Iron Man.
Tony sighed and wrapped himself around Steve again. He shimmied bit, trying to get as much of his scent on him as possible to Tony's embarrassment. But it didn't stop him from doing it.
The government deemed it a failure with Erskine gone and gone with him the possibility of more super soldiers. A senator came to him, offered him a job selling war bonds. Steve was acutely aware that the man wasn't giving him the whole truth, but he felt the joy and hope he gave people when he performed. He reveled in the happiness of an audience watching one of his movies.
"Never getting to smoosh cake in your face in front of all our friends."
He looked up at Stark, expecting cruel amusement. Instead, all he saw was calculating concern.
Bucky looked over at them. He winced when Steve started shuffling his feet a bit. "I've already talked to him, and he's adamant Tony doesn't like him like that. Steve isn't going to make that first step."
The tablet was black, nestled in foam. He picked it up, and was surprised at how light it was compared to the weight of the box. He placed it gently on the table. He wasn't sure if this was a good idea. His computer was bigger, but seemed more durable with its plastic case. Steve felt like he would crack the tablet's glass screen by just looking at it.
This was definitely not one of those moments where Tony admired that trait.
Tony didn’t even get the opportunity to kiss back properly before Steve was drawing back, much to his disappointment and chagrin. “Steve, what are you doing?” he protested, tightening his grip on the back of Steve’s neck as he fixed his husband with a perplexed look.
“Tony,” Steve hissed as the dim light clicked on over them, gaze flickering to the door. “I don’t have time for this, this is hardly the appropriate-” Steve’s words were cut off when Tony kissed him, surging over with such a force that Steve couldn’t help but stumble a step or two back, ending up slamming into the wall behind him. The words Steve had been meaning to say died in his throat. All thoughts on his mind were wiped clean as Tony kissed him, and it was all too easy to taste the filthy promises that Tony pressed into his lips. It was nothing like the kiss they’d shared at the hangar.
Tony finds Steve on the couch, alone, a bottle of alcohol in his hands. To say he’s surprised is an understatement, and Tony raises a brow at Steve who looks up when he hears someone coming in, giving Tony a smile and a tilt of the bottle in greeting, and the telltale pink flush on his cheeks tells Tony all that he needs to know.
Tony made it to SHIELD, stepping into the bustling place as he strode past the busy agents that rushed here and there. All were busy and intent on completing their task, so Tony was spared from unwanted attention. The brunet knew enough about the facility to be able to make his way around without a guide. Admittedly, the reason why he’d been summoned to SHIELD was just about the furthest thing from Tony’s mind as he continued to mull over the absence of Steve, and eventually, when the genius looked up, he found that he’d made a few wrong turns and ended up unwittingly at the hangar.
It really isn’t like that. Tony appreciates Steve, he’s an amazing friend and they’re just close. Yes, sure, Steve is… He’s beautiful, there isn’t any other word to describe him. Inside and out. He’s kind, generous, humorous, and caring. He has an edge that no one expects. He’s a lot more sarcastic and deadpan than he lets on in public. He’s not—He’s not perfect, no one is, Tony knows this.
“There’s no mention of Captain Rogers, sir,” his AI’s voice spoke once again, causing Tony to give a sigh as his shoulders slumped, the wave of both disappointment and relief causing quite the contrast in his emotions.
Things fall apart around him. In a moment or two, everything just collapses. He falls through the ice. He is pushed off the cliff. He knows exactly what she’s talking about. Who is he kidding? Everything just… Slides into place. Tony is centered. He knows, he knows, and he’s always known. Natasha knows exactly when everything clicks, a small smile appearing on her lips.
Tony loved the feeling of Steve’s cock in his mouth. He loved the way he could make Steve react, drinking in every moan, gasp, and shudder that the blond gave him, loved swallowing him whole and seeing Steve look down at him in awe. He loved how his husband tasted, somehow bitter and sweet at the same time, loved just how full his throat felt when he managed to suppress his gag reflex and sucked him down. A filthy, wet sound escaped as Tony pulled back and pushed on again, moaning along the way to send vibrations along Steve’s length until his breathing was cut off by the blond’s cock again.
“You know what I mean, Tony,” she says carefully, then she taps the side of her mouth.
A strangled, moaning cry left Steve’s lips as one hand flew up, stuffing two of his own knuckles into his mouth and biting down against the gloved leather in an attempt to muffle the sounds. Steve’s other hand buried itself into Tony’s hair, curling into the dark curls in an attempt to anchor himself against the crashing wave of sudden pleasure that slammed into him, threatening to break him apart. The blond dared to glance down, biting down on his knuckles even harder at the sight that greeted him.
Steve is still oblivious, or so it seems from the brief glance Tony gave before looking away. He’s pounding away at the punching bag. Natasha’s sharp eyes catch it. There’s a long, heavy silence, and then she sighs. She speaks first.
"Tony..." His voice was desperate, and Tony set about to working him open more furiously, and Steve writhed in want and need against the brunette, who finally pulled his fingers out when he thought it was enough, positioning himself after slicking himself up with more lube, and he leaned down to kiss Steve again as the head of his length pressed against the blonde's entrance, before slowly sliding in little by little, and the blonde inhaled sharply, his head tilting back as his legs tightened around Tony's waist, his arms around his neck, his back arching and hips switching as Tony bottomed out, buried deep inside him, making Steve let out another moan, burrowing his face into the crook of his lover's neck. "Hmn... Tony, move."
"Tony, we need to talk."
Well, Steve thought, it had been two weeks, and that was much too long of a time for them to have been apart.
He swallows.
He watches. It’s all he ever does anymore.
The corner of his lip quirked up as he let out a soft laugh, the poison and contemptuous pity embedded deep within that gentle sound unmistakable. Protecting, helping, loving the people? The laugh that left his lips again abruptly twisted into a faint snarl as he breathed in.
"Hey, Pep, I've been looking everywhere for you! Hey, have you--" Tony looked up to see a Russian woman with a poker-face on, with Pepper looking at him faintly guiltily. He furrowed his brows, looking from Nat to Pepper, and back to Nat again. "Oooookay, what's going on?" He asked, and Nat looked up, shrugging casually.
Tony was a god. Perfection defined. Flawless. He was Superior Iron Man. He would save the world, with Steve by his side.
Tony was perfect. Nothing was holding him back anymore, he could fix humanity. He could teach them to be strong, happy, and immortal; he knew that he was superior to all others with his newfound knowledge, he was a god merely playing as a human. It was no mystery why he’d had so much trouble before—however, there was one person that contradicted all that he’d learned about himself and about humanity. One person who he simply couldn’t understand. Someone that even he couldn’t get rid of nor bring himself to stop caring for. A person who was a danger to everything that Tony had come to stand for and had learned. His one weakness.
Natasha just looks at him. She’s frowning. He just stares back at her. Why is she frowning?
Steve pulled Tony up into their room, closing the door after them, before he pressed closer, kissing him eagerly, and Tony smiled into the kiss, cupping the blonde's face in his hands, before murmuring an 'I love you' into the kiss, which Steve eagerly returned with the words 'I love you too'. They hadn't done this in ages, and soon enough, their clothes found their way to the floor and pooled on the floor in puddles of cloth. Tony pressed hot open mouthed kisses down the blonde's throat, his fingers and hands mapping out Steve's body again, eliciting those gorgeous noises he's missed from him as they fell back on the bed, Tony's body pressing him back into the bed.
He whimpers.
Steve’s drunk.
“Tony!”
Steve’s stubborn, stubborn enough to go toe to toe with Tony himself. He’s strong, so very strong, but sometimes—sometimes during sleepless nights when Steve sits silently in the kitchen, staring with a scarily blank expression at the countertop, Tony slips down to the kitchen. Tony’s only going down for himself.
It doesn’t mean anything like that when Tony comes down to the gym with Steve when he looks more worn down than usual and ends up going a couple of rounds with him, which usually ends with him flat on his back, slick with sweat, and panting while Steve has forgotten all about what was bugging him, grinning as he pins him down.
"Tony, look up." She muttered quietly, and with a sigh, the brunette reluctantly tugged his gaze from his phone, dragging his eyes to Pepper's face.
“Have for a while,” Steve adds with a sigh, starting to pull back.
Tony groans, letting himself drop, his face burying into his arm. Natasha gives a soft laugh and he knows that she’s laughing at him. “It’s not funny,” he murmurs thickly, his heart squeezing painfully but fluttering simultaneously.
Steve looked different. Tony was used to the Steve he saw at home; he was always clean-cut with short blond hair and no facial hair, incredibly handsome and there certainly wasn’t a day that went by where the brunet didn’t count his blessings, but now?
The answers had been before Tony the entire time, and yet, his former self had been too weak, too sad, too broken to see it. He’d been too pathetic to understand. Now, without his crippling guilt to torment him and feed the dark demons that had plagued him since the very beginning, Tony was free. He was free, and he was perfect. It was everyone else that was weak, sad, and broken now. Tony had found the answers, he was no longer the pathetic, sniveling alcoholic of a man he’d been before. Caring for people, protecting them, loving them. It was all a weakness. Without such feelings and obligations, he was no longer suffering from under the suffocating weight of trauma, guilt, and tragedy. The torturous routine of wondering what he could have done better wasn't his anymore. He wasn't drowning underwater, held down by a chain and ball forged of disappointments, expectations, and insecurities. There was no need to question himself or his abilities; Tony was no longer weak, pathetic, or a failure of a human being. No longer useless.
Steve can feel Tony say it when he calls him darling, dear, or dearest every opportunity he gets. He can feel him say it when he feigns overdramatic disappointment by protesting with every Italian endearment he can think of in an effort to convince him whenever Steve rolls his eyes and tells him no. His far most favorite time that he’s felt Tony say it is when Tony forgot that he could understand a bit of Italian and said “My sun, my moon, my stars,” while looking at him, and Steve just smiled and replied with “Love you too,” and that simple statement made for a flustered Tony, a sight rare in itself.
"I love you, Steve."
He should’ve been there.
And it was approximately two weeks later Tony came into his room, shutting the door after him, leaning against it with a blank face before sinking to the floor and buried his face into his hands, the unshed tears coming in torrents and muffling his sobs into his them. A series of knocks on the door made Tony cringe and crawl away from the door, before sitting on the floor with his back to the bed, leaning against it slightly with his knees tucked to his chest, his face buried in his arms. "Go away." He murmured, and his voice was quiet, but jagged and broken. The knocking stopped for a while before the door swung open, and Tony only curled up into a tighter ball.
A slow smile overtook Tony’s lips as the irritated tapping of fingers lessened, the cool wood pressing against his fingertips as he rested his hand on the table. He treated it as if it was an anchoring point for his chaotic thoughts as everything began to settle. Yes, that had to be the reason, the reason for Tony’s desire and his rebelling instincts whenever he thought to get rid of Steve to achieve his goals. The smile on his lips curled further up into a faint smirk, his mind straying from his initial thoughts as he pulled up the image of Steve’s broad shoulders, his long legs, and his tapered waist. His mind wandered down the muscled length of Steve's arms, drifting to his large hands before moving back up to the hard planes of his chest and stomach rippling through his tight shirt. Tony imagined the sweep of his back, his gaze focusing in on the curves of Steve's ass, his smirk growing more lascivious. Steve was admittedly handsome and while Tony was perhaps a newly realized god that would be the savior of the world, he had needs.
He’s just being a good friend. What anyone would do. He cares for Steve. That’s all.
Somewhere inside Tony, the sound of shattering glass is deafening.
He’s dead.
Those three words drove fear into Tony's heart as he looked up from his project on the table to a serious Steve who had his arms crossed over his chest. Those words never brought good news. "Yeah? What is it?" Tony finally managed to spit out, and the blonde hesitated, before looking away.
That being said, Tony was about as equally stubborn as Steve was, and he had absolutely no intention of letting this slide. For a moment, he let his husband break his grip as if he was going to let him walk away; the brunet let another wicked smirk color his lips before he snagged Steve’s elbow in his grip, whirling him around and pulling the man straight out of the hangar and into SHIELD.
That was how long  Tony had gone without any contact from his husband. The genius knew that this was the typical time frame when Steve went away for solo missions. It was a hard life, having a superhero and agent of SHIELD for a husband, but Tony would take what he could get. Steve was worth it.
"Oh, of course! That's fine, I just... Yeah." He murmured, giving Bruce a smile, and as he turned and left, he thought he saw a flash of ginger hair in the corner of his eyes.
Yes, when it comes to self-destructive tendencies, no one is better at it than Anthony Edward Stark. Frankly, it might as well have been his middle name or another alias, like the Invincible Iron Man.
Within moments, Tony’s assumption was proved correct as a quinjet came rolling into the hangar. The brunet watched with mild interest as the aircraft came to a smooth stop, orders being shouted left and right as all systems came to a stop. He continued to keep his gaze fixated on the quinjet for a moment or two before he began to turn away, about to maneuver his way to Fury’s office when something he glimpsed in the corner of his eye caused him to freeze; Tony whirled around, his brown eyes wide as his heart lurched in his chest and nearly jumped to his throat.
He can feel him say it when Tony kisses him, hard and insistent against his mouth until he’s gasping and out of breath, or when his hands explore Steve like he’s never done it before, dragging over skin and lingering on his shoulders or his hips or his arms. He can feel it in the almost comedic way that Tony bristles up like an angry cat whenever someone gets too cozy or too close to him and pulls him away, muttering angrily under his breath in Italian. He tends to forget that Steve can kind of understand Italian, especially if it’s curse words. He can feel him say it when Tony thinks he’s sleeping and tugs his fingers through his hair gently and brushes it back, and he can feel him say it whenever he tucks himself up against Steve’s back and curls an arm around his waist late at night.
“Wha- Tony, what are you- I told you, I still have work-” Surprised, Steve was only able to stumble after Tony as he protested, only to watch as the brunet found a convenient supply closet—really, it was uncanny how easily Tony could find secluded spots—and let himself be pushed into it, door clicking shut behind them.
It’s moments like these that Tony is in awe. Steve Rogers is a force to be reckoned with, unstoppable and unending. He is, simply put, a force of nature.
It doesn’t mean anything when Tony comes to the surface from the lab and finds Steve spread over the couch, eyes shut and serene, and he’s unable to stop from smiling before he searches out a soft blanket and returns with it to cover Steve before going back to what his initial task. It doesn’t mean anything like that when he sees Steve after an especially hard battle that pushes him further into a slump that Tony has come to recognize to be the overwhelming realization that things have changed so much and that the years have moved on without him, and it causes a tightness in Tony’s chest that he just can’t seem to relieve.
Steve’s gone.
Tony shut the door after them, and much to Steve’s dismay (and faint arousal), he felt Tony’s hands squeezing his ass, his lips by his ear.
He drags in a ragged breath. A sob twists out of his throat. He should’ve been there. Steve hadn’t made it out of that mission.
Steve let out a warm huff of laughter, catching Tony in his arms as he gathered him to his chest, and all Tony was able to do at that moment was cling and soak in the warmth emanating from the soldier. Time seemed to slow, the background fading away as Tony turned his head, a grin on his lips as he pressed them against Steve’s ear.
with his teeth, and pouring a generous amount in his hand, warming it up as he rolled it around his palm before slicking his fingers up in it. With that, he pressed his index finger against Steve's twitching entrance before pushing in then pulling out in a pattern, before he pushed a second one in, watching as Steve's hips lifted and twitched, trying to get them to go in deeper, before letting out a strangled moan when Tony crooked his fingers, hitting his prostate. "Fuck, you're tight, Steve." He spoke through gritted teeth, and Steve only responded with a whimper. Tony took that as a que, and impatient one at that, to slip his third finger in, which he did. The blonde gasped sharply, his hips moving against before the brunette locked his fingers into it, pressing it back into the bed. "Steve, you look gorgeous like this." The brunette purred out, and that sent a sharp spike of heat straight to Steve's cock.
Steve had jumped away as well, an emotion flickering over his face and eyes too fast for Tony to process after seeing the expression on Tony’s face. He’d schooled his expression to something placid and had smiled, saying that Tony should get more sleep, and then, he’d been gone.
thinking about that—and Steve chuckles, teasingly flirting back. Still, Tony knows. It's just banter. Tony flirts with all his friends and Steve's just humoring him.
Steve can feel Tony say it when he comes back from work and seeks him out to pull him into his arms and hold him tight, murmuring out a greeting. He can feel Tony say it when he drops random kisses wherever he can reach when he’s passing by Steve, on his cheek, his nose, his forehead, his hair, his brow. He can feel Tony say it when Steve looks up from his sketchpad while they’re in the workshop together on lazy days with Tony’s soft brown eyes focused on him. Steve can feel him say it when Tony reaches out to take his hand and firmly knits their fingers together just because he wants to. He can feel Tony say it when his eyes light up and the way his lips curl into a gentle smile whenever he sees Steve.
"Did you miss me, Tony?" He asked softly, and Tony snapped, something welling up from deep inside him, building and expanding in his chest, and it rose, so big and unbearable, suffocating him. A sob finally left his lips, his eyesight growing blurry, before his feet shuffled a few steps forward before going out in a full out run, launching himself at the blonde, sobbing uncontrollably, his arms going around Steve's neck, burying his tear stained face into the crook of his neck. Steve smiled, and returned the tight hug, his arms sliding around Tony's waist, holding tight, squeezing, turning his head to press a kiss into his temple, murmuring 'Tony' over and over again. The brunette's body was shaking from the force of his sobbing, his fingers weaving into the blonde's hair.
Tony could see the precise moment that Steve spotted him standing at a distance. The blond man’s eyes lit up, a wide smile appearing on his lips as it broke the neutral expression that Steve often saved for strictly professional settings. The instant Steve stepped off the quinjet and in Tony’s direction, it was like the spell that had been cast on Tony before snapped like a rubber band stretched too thin.
Tony gave an indignant sound as he was pried loose from his husband, eyes narrowed in what was almost a glare. Of course, it wasn’t as if Tony had expected any different; Steve was nothing if not devoted to his work and stubborn to boot, it was one of the many qualities he and Steve shared and something that he admired to an extent.
The blond had the gall to laugh at Tony’s disgruntled expression, shaking his head. “Tony, not now. I still have debrief and mission reports to type up. I’m still on duty, you know that as well as I do. I’ll see you at home,” Steve answered, reaching up to gently tug free from the brunet’s grip on him.
By the time Tony drew away, Steve was thoroughly dazed and heaving for air despite the fact he was a supersoldier. Tony watched as the blond breathed shakily, brown eyes glimmering with a devious light. Whatever blood that hadn’t rushed south to aid Steve's arousal was helping to color his pale skin red, flushed with anticipation and embarrassment.
Through the opened doors of the jet, a familiar silhouette appeared. Tony focused on that silhouette, not even realizing that he was holding his breath, all his senses narrowing on that one individual. When the man finally turned in Tony’s direction, the brunet couldn’t help the delighted laugh that left his lips, a strong wave of elation surging through him.
Tony lets out a keening sound that sounds like the broken shell of something that had been a hysterical laugh. Natasha’s grip on him only tightens. Icarus. Apollo. It was ironic, how well it fit. Tony had been godless, but not faithless.
A familiar bulky frame stood a little ways away from Tony, a suitcase neatly beside him, dressed properly in an army uniform, with a jaunty cap placed on his neat golden locks. Tony's eyes stared at him, disbelieving, staring at the strong jaw line, the clean shaven peach skin, his rosy lips, his straight nose, before finally locking onto his eyes. His blue eyes held his gaze, and everything besides him faded away, leaving only him. He gave the brunette a faint smile, speaking up.
, darling, welcome home,” The genius whispered, smirking, and Steve could only watch dazedly as Tony sauntered off towards Fury’s office, leaving him behind.
A terrible ripping sound reaches his ears dully.
Steve’s rational side was quickly being stripped from him as he began to have trouble even reminding himself to breathe around the toe-curling kiss, suddenly hyper-aware of the places where their bodies intersected, Tony’s body pressed against Steve’s in one, hot line. Steve’s hands instinctively flew up onto the other man’s shoulders, gripping tightly in an effort to anchor himself, failing miserably in the end. Eventually, the blond gave up entirely on thinking about anything at all, allowing himself to be swept up in the throes of lust that broke over his head, a burning fire scorching just under his skin.
In battle, it had been so easy to read Steve, and when the Captain approached him, fire blazing bright in his blue eyes, Tony had known exactly what to do each time. No words had to be exchanged and they moved on, their actions like a deadly dance that had been choreographed beforehand perfectly.
The only issue was still, of course, getting Steve to agree with him and seeing the bigger picture. Tony felt an amused smile color his lips once more. The angel Michael had been God’s soldier in the Catholic tales the so-called Bible liked to speak of. Steve would become Tony’s Michael. Tony sighed and stretched as he pursed his lips, an unwelcome thought straying into his mind. He’d have to be careful. Steve wasn’t afraid to do what was necessary for what he thought was right, and if Tony couldn’t convince him, he’d be a mighty adversary. Tony sighed. He didn’t want to have to do it, but if necessary, he would find a way to convince Steve with other means. He would save Steve. Steve, of all people, deserved to be saved. Tony was just as determined and stubborn as the other man could be, and Tony had decided he was going to reach out and take what was now his.
"Oh my god, yes. Yes, Tony, I will marry you." Steve finally gasped out, and with a grin, his soft chocolate eyes still wet, the brunette stood up, pulling the ring out of the box and slipping it onto Steve's left hand on his ring finger, where it would stay. He pulled the blonde down for another soft kiss, and everyone was cheering and shouting, some cooing and crying, but Tony and Steve could not care less. The world had reduced to just the two of them at the moment. Tony pulled away with a luxurious smile.
The brunet sighed as he tapped his fingers on his desk. Though his eyes were fixated on the stream of numbers and text that scrolled down the screen in front of him, his thoughts were otherwise occupied. He wondered what Steve would be doing now, if he was safe and eating well wherever he was. It was more than obvious that their jobs were dangerous and the risks were unavoidable, as per the usual in their line of work. Still, that didn’t mean that Tony couldn’t keep the nagging worry that Steve wasn’t near him, wasn’t around for him to look after, and help if the blond ended up in a tight spot where Iron Man was needed.
Tony purposefully searches out things that he thinks will make Steve laugh or smile, finding Steve little snippets of the past after hearing him murmur a soft complaint that he wishes he had an older radio. Tony finds an old radio and repurposes it to function as it would have back in the old days but much better, and it finds its way quietly settled next to the bedside table of Steve’s room. It doesn’t mean anything romantically, they’re friends and it’s only natural that Tony wants Steve happy. Steve deserves it more than anyone, and he always looks best when he's smiling. It makes Tony feel accomplished every time he sees the man laugh, and it's especially worth it when Steve thanks him later, practically beaming with joy and radiating contentment.
He definitely wouldn’t mind if those needs were handled by Steve. Tony shook himself out of those thoughts, returning once more to his original plan. Convincing Steve wouldn’t be easy. Steve was stubborn and determined, and frankly, it was two traits that Tony couldn’t fault him for and admired. Having Steve for an enemy could be deadly, but as an ally, they would be unstoppable. He pondered his thoughts, mulling over ways on how to convince Steve. Good was a matter of perspective; to do good, there always needed to be a sacrifice, and Tony was more than certain that Steve would understand this. After all, both he and Steve had made great sacrifices for their shared but unfortunately misguided cause. In Tony’s eyes, however, the loss of his demons and his guilt wasn’t a great sacrifice. Sacrificing his humanity had turned him into a god. He could now save the world, and not only that, he’d achieve it with Steve Rogers. He’d have everything that his older, past-self had coveted but been too weak to take for his own.
Tony’s tired. He’s been down at the workshop, going over schematics and code all of last night and the entire day, and he really should be heading up to at least try to sleep before anything else- But as per usual, he gravitates toward Steve and onto the couch beside him. He looks to Steve with a quizzical look, and the man just laughs and shrugs, relaxed, and Tony catches a whiff of the contents of the bottle. It’s not alcohol. At least, not from Earth. It’s Asgardian. Thor must have given Steve some.
Right. Showtime.
Tony seemed ignorant to Steve’s internal struggle, pressing close to hook his fingers over the hem of both Steve’s pants and underwear, tugging them down until the blond’s hard length sprang free, already drooling precum. Tony didn’t give his husband a moment to process what was about to happen, opening his mouth to take the head of Steve’s cock into his mouth, sealing his lips around it as he gave a vehement suck.
He leans in close and tells Tony to concede, and Tony only gasps out a no before going completely limp and causing Steve some alarm, his guard down and grip loosening—and then Tony strikes. He suddenly throws his weight upwards and derails Steve, and even though he ends up getting pinned again, he holds his own wrestling and grappling for purchase with Steve for around two minutes and he’s damn proud of it. He tells him as much and Steve laughs as Tony sighs and concedes Steve's victory.
Tony melts. He gives a small shudder and sighs, his bent legs stretching out on the couch, all the tension leaving his shoulders, his head lolling back onto Steve’s shoulder, eyes fluttering shut as he relaxes, like a pile of goop, for the lack of a better way to say it. Tony’s mouth becomes slack, and he almost purrs. He blinks after a moment or two of surprised silence from Steve and eyes him with a small sheepish grin.
"Pep, I have work to do. I'm sorry, maybe ask Nat?" Tony started to say, but the ginger haired woman firmly shook her head, before marching over and grabbing the collar of his shirt, starting to drag him out of the lab. Damn, was she strong. "Pep! Hey, woah! Let me go!" Tony flailed, attempting to escape, but failed miserably as he was dragged up the stairs.
He doesn’t remember closing his eyes. He painstakingly wrenches them open, and it’s like there’s glass behind his eyelids. Everything is blurry. He can’t stop shaking. He thinks for a brief moment, maybe this is hell. Something hot slides down his cheeks and suddenly, his vision comes into focus.
His waist is a lot more trim than people think. For a brief moment, Tony wonders if his fingertips will almost reach if he wraps his hands around that waist. He banishes the thought before it affects him more than he’ll ever be willing to admit. Steve is a coiled spring, full of smooth power and sinuous grace. His hips are wider than one would suspect, and pardon Tony’s crass observance, but someone could bounce quarters off Steve’s ass. Tony isn’t sure he’s seen anyone with an ass as glorious as Steve’s, and he wonders again if it’s legal to be so perfect.
Steve didn't like coffee, so the sight unclenched something in his chest.
"He is not. Would you like me to wake him?"
How fucking long had he been sitting there, staring at his full glass? The lights of the city winked dully through the whiskey until suddenly they didn't. He frowned at it, wondering if power went out in the city. It could be the work of a villian. He'd have to get to the armor. Tony tried to sit up, but it felt like the room was twisting around him. His vision spun as he looked up and saw him standing right in front of him on the other side of the bar.
The merman huffed deeply as if trying to get more air. Steve had the horrible thought that he may not be able to breathe.
"Yes. Just now," Steve admitted apologetically.
"It looks..." Tony seemed to be struggling with what to say. The beard was clearly throwing him off. He couldn't seem to take his eyes off it. "It looks good," Tony finally settled on.
Steve Roger's face swam into focus. He looked battered, like he'd just come off a mission. Like he wasn't currently down in the tower basement in a drawer. Not even super soldiers could walk off a bullet to the heart.
Steve sighed, picking up the broken ring once more. "Do you think this is a sign?"
"I'M DOING IT!"
Steve turned his glare to Bucky.
Steve's brain finally caught up to what the man said. "What?"
Natasha grabbed Loki by his furry label and yanked him forward. "Reverse them."
"You don't like working with me," Steve began, and the tiny jolt of Tony's panic emblazoned him on. "You love working with me."
"It's not my fault you bumped into me while I was studying arcane lore in the Timeless Archives." Loki smirked. "Be happy you still have thumbs."
"A laptop. Right, you said that. But what brand?"
Steve had never heard anyone speak of his mutation. He didn't even really understand it at the time. He couldn't read minds or make people hallucinate.
Sam felt the vibration more than heard the footsteps as Bucky walked over and plopped down on the side of the ramp, his legs hanging off the side.
--------------------------
There was silence on the other end. Tony would have hung up but he could sense the person thinking on the other end. What snail-brained lackey had been told to call him?
Steve's blond dog ears drooped a little and his tail tucked. Aw, now Tony felt bad.
Tony's heart ached for him. He could never decide who had it worse:  the man who remembered everything of every lifetime and was consumed with the need to find the other half of his soul, or the man who remembered nothing but was overcome by an emptiness he couldn't understand. Steve always described it as a dark pit where his heart was suppose to be.
Tony looked offended. "Why would I trade empty shells for full shells?"
"What, really?" The second Tony got anything new, he couldn't resist tearing right into it. He always hopped into the newest Iron Man suit as soon as it was fabricated. How could Steve leave a shiny new toy just sitting there for weeks? "Did you at least open the box?"
The arcade was dark, but the lights on all the machines were bright, blinking with the sounds of dings and music. Sometimes a distorted voice would say something you couldn't even understand.
Tony nodded. "I'm sorry, Steve. I really am. But I couldn't let you die! I couldn't-"
"It looks good," Steve assured him before admitting, “but it also just looked like a cupcake I could get at the grocery store."
"Huh?"
Steve opened and closed his mouth, probably doing a great impression of a fish stuck on dry land.
Steve sat in his and Bucky's apartment. He stared down at his hands. He wasn't sure what he was going to do.
Bucky didn't bother to look at who it was until he heard one of them speak. He didn't know what he said, but he fucking knew that voice.
"He really wanted me — Steve — to sign it." Bucky leaned back in his chair. "He offered a million dollars to make this go away. He must have been desperate."
"No!" Tony suddenly yelled and reached a hand out to Steve's face. He stroked it once before freezing, as if realizing what he'd just done.
"Mr. Rogers!"
There was particularly loud rowdy group of drunk sailors that evening that Steve tried to ignore and walk past until one of them grabbed his jacket.
It only became worse when after ten days in the middle of a forest, in the rain and mud, they'd stumbled onto a hidden Hydra base. They had been as surprised as the Hydra goons. When Steve took charge, the others didn't want to follow. It was only when Natasha had snapped at them that they fell into line.
When Dr. Erskine first approached him, he did not talk about Steve's physical limitations. He spoke of the emotional effects of war. He spoke of the men who broke under the horror. Steve didn't understand why he was describing this, but Erskine was not trying to be deceitful or manipulative, so Steve listened.
Pepper was too professional to roll her eyes at him, which he admired. He didn't have the same amount of patience she did.
Steve blinked at him. He didn't think anyone really noticed. He blushed at the awed expression the kid was giving him, and climbed down off the stool.
Steve swallowed shallowly. "I love you, too."
Steve shrugged. "I fell off the dock."
If Sam had to name one man who was never afraid to take action, it would be Captain America. If he had to name one man who was prepared to die without telling his crush he liked them, it was Steve Rogers. This was getting ridiculous.
The Invincible Iron Man music started and a thrill shot up Steve's spine. The game started right at the beginning in the cave where Tony Stark was kidnapped. His first job was to get through the Ten Rings to freedom.
He'd hoped that the elevator would just open. He'd seen Stark, and Steve, just press the call button. But it didn't light up. Bucky only hit it a few times, paranoid that too many would make the security system suspicious.
Now that the opportunity presented itself, Tony wasted no time heading towards the collection in the back corner that he'd avoided all night. He had waited so long. Too long. He couldn't stand another moment.
The Ameri-Can-Do Tattoo didn't open until eleven in the morning, but Steve was usually up before six. The little apartment above his parlor was small and didn't get a lot of hot water, but he and Bucky made the most of it.
It was a quick walk to the palace proper and a smaller anteroom beside the main council room. T'Challa was facing one of their larger computer screens, although it was blank. Shuri stood beside him. When she saw Steve and had no smile for him, he realized the sudden seriousness.
The next time Steve became aware, he knew he must be in a dream. He felt warm rock against his back, but he didn't feel like he was lying on it. He opened his eyes to a soft glowing green light, the beams of it waving through the room.
Steve's eyes burned and he let out a shaky breath. He hated crying. He hadn't let himself cry since before Zemo. He couldn't remember the last time he'd cried, but he cried now.
"How was it?" Tony asked. Gloated, more like it.
"Hey, Tony," Steve's voice came through. His voice held a smile, though he sounded tired.
Steve tried to pull away but Tony just burrowed in, tightening his grip on Steve's waist.
When Steve went to let it go, Tony pulled his hand close to sniff at it. He opened their hands, but Tony didn't let go. He opened and closed Steve's hand, looking between his fingers. "No wonder you humans are horrible at swimming." Tony released his and but bent down and grabbed at Steve's foot. He lifted a it up, and Steve fell back on his butt with an oof.
Tony heard the clacking of plastic as the guy looked around the outside of the computer. "No. Nothing. Do you think it fell off?"
"Steve. Steve!" Tony called out. "Get back here!"
Tony moved along from one painting to the next, each more stunning than the last:  a smoky scene in a bar, a landscape of snowy pine trees and, finally, a portrait.
He grinned at Pepper. "Fancy a trip to SoHo?"
When the started fighting the exploding pyro people, the kid was leaning in so far, he was almost knocking Steve off his stool.
Peggy would be proud to see a female agent who could command obedience like her, but it was bittersweet for Steve.
The elevator doors opened to Tony's workshop. He gave the nearest camera a flat look but walked out.
Steve nodded. "Yeah, I actually, uh. Well, Tony-"
The merman snorted. "We don't eat humans. Besides, I wouldn't eat a kid."
"I know!"
"Okay, okay," Tony murmured. He set the tablet down off screen and faced the camera. He smiled and pressed his lips against Steve's temple. His eyes twinkled at the camera.
He nodded, and Okoye's smile widened as she gestured towards the royal palace with her spear.
"Don't worry about," he finally said. "Happy to help."
Stark stared at him. Or Bucky assumed he did since he was wearing a huge pair of sunglasses.  "Barnes?"
They both watched Tony lean into Steve's space and bump their shoulders together with a smirk.
Tony studied the portrait for the first time. It was a younger, smooth-faced version of himself, lounging in bed with silken sheets pooled in his lap. His skin was glowing with morning light in contrast to his dark surroundings. He couldn't point to an exact moment or even an exact century the scene was from. Perhaps Paris or Milan. There were a few lifetimes where his obsession with silk was absolute.
They blinked at her, forgetting she had even been there. She waved and left.
He looked over his cover and saw Happy Hogan next to an open door. And then Tony fucking Stark stepped out. He didn't even think before jumping up.
Steve was starting to wonder if Tony was getting lost in his own forest.
Tony squinted at him a moment. "Tell you what. You look like a man of integrity.  I'll let you try my Marvelous Iron Cupcake. If you think it's alright, you can skip the line and eat anything you want, free of charge, every morning for the rest of our lives, but. BUT. If it’s the best damn cupcake you've ever had, you'll have to get a tattoo of it."
Rough fingers combed through Tony's hair. It felt nice. It was something to concentrate on, to distract himself from the pain.
Their linked hands though, that was drawing attention. It was mostly smirks, plus a scowl from the Enchantress and a high-five from Sam for Steve who turned red as a tomato but that didn't stop him from clapping his hand.
He knew what others were feeling, but not by visual cues or listening to the tone of their voice. He felt it. He felt their fear when they read the newspaper. He felt their grief when learning of a death. He felt his mother's exhaustion when she came home from working as a nurse.
His mom never lied to him. Bucky didn't either, even when he told Steve he thought he was strong.
It was a dark landscape, a fantastical skyline of skyscrapers silhouetted by a burst of a starry sky. One skyscraper in particular rose above the rest, seeming to reach for a large, bright blue-tinted star.
They were there when they received new intel on a Hydra base in Europe. Steve was suited, heading towards the hanger bay when Okoye blocked his path, flanked by two Dora Milaje. "Captain Rogers. My king has commanded me to bring you to him."
Pepper paused but then nodded.
That was a bit of an awkward conversation with little kids and the press had a field day.
Harley had his own choice of room though and it was all to himself. He had a feeling it was because he was older but he wasn't one to complain. He gave his room to someone else and took the garage instead. Nobody went in there so it was perfect for him.
Peter swiveled, realizing with horror that he had said his plan out loud even though he was sure he hadn't. Bucky was frowning at him.
May and Ben had left a while ago. Before she left, May had made a cake and a lasagna for lunch but Peter had a feeling he wouldn't be able to eat that within the next five hours.
Tony's eyes widened. "Me? Like, cat me?"
"Maybe Bucky has an idea," Sam suggested, watching Wanda move things around to entertain Pietro. "He's been acting weird since he told us about the whole situation."
"What happened between you two?" Peter asked, looking over at Harley.
He could see people's wings.
"Come here," Tony dragged her into a hug and Natasha took it after a moment of hesitation. They stood there for a moment, just close and hugging.
After everything was built, Tony, Steve, and Peter surfed Amazon, Hottopic, and other online stores for posters, nick knacks, clothes, and other thing. Natasha, Bucky and Clint found where May lived and worked on packing everything up and bring it to the Tower.
Peter smiled warmly back. "That's great! What'd you graduate with?"
"Friday's been gathering intel this entire time," Tony cast a glance to the balcony before using his Stark phone to bring up the files on a holographic computer screen. Natasha moved slightly to get a better look at it. "Peter...Carbonell Parker first shows up...well, actually at the 2010 Stark Expo. Apparently, he was there with May and Benjamin Parker. That's his 'aunt and uncle'. Richard and Mary Parker died four years earlier when he was six.
"Wait, I thought Mr. Stark was dating Captain America?" Peter looked at her and Black Widow considered that.
Steve held his face. "Tony..."
"That's not a bad idea," Carol spoke up from the couch and Scott, Hope, Rhodey, and Clint were all in the living room, next to her.
She sat down next to him and Peter chewed his lip. "I - uh, well...what do you...what do you want to know?"
"That is entirely possible." Tony nodded.
I actually came up with this on my own cus I read a cat fic Tony and well I wanna write it.
"Oh."
"Ah."
When the Avengers showed up, Harley begged saying he only had two years before he'd be kicked to the curb. Peter chipped in and Tony did too-after admiring Harley's work lab.
"Tony," Steve stepped forward and rested his hand on his boyfriend's shoulder. "What's done is done. Ms. Potts is going to take of it."
"Hey Penis! Where have you been?" Flash knocked his chair behind him and Peter flapped his hands for a second before gaining his balance back. He didn't respond to Flash, just glared and scowled at him.
"Seriously. Even Natasha knows she didn't do anything so just let it go. Actually get to know her god," Sam rolled his eyes, walking towards his room.
Peter's wings were as fluttery as his personality. They were a flurry of different colors and seemed to change whenever he moved. They seemed to make him more hyper-active and Steve found that it was fun whenever Peter hung around with the Avengers. And that was only on the weekends because he still lived with his aunt but their weekends were always more exciting with Peter.
"Natasha!" the door burst open with Tony running inside. "Oh thank god you found him - we gotta go! Sam's rigged the place to blow and Wanda is waiting with the trigger."
." The girl spit rapid fire Russian at him before turning to look at Steve. "
"But that literally doesn't explain -
He wasn't here and Phillips said that the only option was that he was dead. Steve and Natalia refused to believe that and instead opted for going against the rules. They convinced Howard and Peggy to take them behind the lines where they snuck into the HYDRA camp.
"Vis, you're in charge." Steve called quickly. "Jarvis, find-"
"Do you still have the package?"
She stepped inside and May looked up from signing the papers. May's mouth dropped a little and she swallowed hard. "I -"
Peter ran over to her and she grinned, enveloping him into a hug. He hugged her back tightly and she started talking. "Are you okay? How have you been? Oh my gosh, I've been so worried -"
Then Tony's wings snapped back with enough force so that Tony stumbled forward and fell into Steve's lap.
"Like we'd tell you kid," the woman sneered.
"I'm so sorry," she whispered.
"That's not encouraging," Peter giggled.
And he was born anew.
Harley looked behind him at the bright emerald green wings. "Deformity?" he guessed.
The right wing was metal. It was red and gold and orange as well but the feathers and the main structure was all metal. It came out of the person's back, scared around it. They glistened and the tips were sharper than the other wing.
Tony reeled back, stunned.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was wearing a dress.
. (Later, Steve found that the whole team could see the wings and they seemed to look to him as the leader. Which Steve guessed would make sense. He was considered to be the first Avenger. That's what the team was called-the Avengers.)
kidnapped, weren't you?"
Steve's wings kept reaching out as far as they could when they stopped. Tony's reached out as well, reaching for Steve's. Steve's wing snapped back when the red metal tip of Tony's touched the tip of Steve's.
Yay I did it!
"Do you wanna see something cool?" Harry asked suddenly.
. My AIs can't even find him.
It made sense in a way. That she had been given something to allow her to get pregnant. If she even tried to think back on the day that she met Tony and got pregnant, it was all blurry.
Natasha's brow furrowed. "What do you mean?"
"Anthony Stark," Bucky moved the silver metal arm, wincing a bit. "He prefers Tony though."
And then there was a loud but muffled boom and Julian frowned, turning around.
Natasha glanced at him and then Tony. "I was never really good at that.
or created by
"Well, I think that was a good idea," Steve commented flippantly and both mother and father shot him small glares.
Tony's brow furrowed. "Huh, well it looks great. So what was with the comment?"
"Natasha -" he started.
"What-" Captain America started but Harley screamed again and ran to the middle of the room where the blast had knocked down debris. Harley looked around, feeling really frustrated and pissed off. He was so close to finishing that damn project and now it was down the water.
"Could I see it?" Clint peered over her shoulder again and she handed him her phone.
"Hey, no, no, no, shhh," Bucky reached out to gently and slightly awkwardly hug Peter. "Peter - it's okay, it's okay. I get it. I do. We should - we should head back to your house though - the Tower....definitely get to the Tower..."
"Maybe for you," Peter muttered. He glanced at Harry who was twirling the keys and looking at the spider. "But that was
There was Tony, wings spread and tear-streaked. He was holding the Infinty Gauntlet though and Steve recalled Gamora saying that if anyone tried to hold even one stone, they would die.
Natasha was still vibrating with how excited she was about Peter being home.
One of them was a hero named Spider-Man. He wasn't wearing the best suit and took a shining to Steve and Tony right away. He seemed to adore both of them and even though Steve thought Tony might act arrogant, he didn't. Instead he adapted to Spider-Man. He let Spider-Man make him laugh and almost change him into a different man.
The dress was white and had long sleeves but strapless. They cut off at the elbow. It was tight to his body until mid-waist when it trailed out in the back. Gold jewels were pinned along the back and Tony was slightly red.
Steve looked at him, his eyes widening a little bit. "Um. Cool."
"No-no, no, no, it's just-" Harley stopped. "Not everyone is born with the Sight."
May looked put off but nodded.
(Rhodey-Tony's friend-had also joined the Avengers as War Machine. His wings were a soft brown color and spanned about three feet. They weren't as big or as impressive as his suit.)
"Did I just...hear a cat?" Bruce asked slowly. Steve turned to see Natasha climbing the wall and hopping over what could barely be called a fence. She reached behind her and tugged off a ball of black fur.
"Rose Hill, Tennessee, sir." JARVIS said. "Running scan again."
Peter ran down to the wharf that he goes to when he wants to clear his head and headed into an abandoned building and lay down on the roof, letting out a long sigh.
"Yeah, hold on," he muttered and pulled out his phone to find at least thirty texts from Natasha and a couple from other Avengers. Rolling his eyes, Peter turned on his phone and sent a quick text to Tony that he was fine and he was just wandering around with Ned and MJ. "Okay. Got that done."
"It's fine." Tony interrupted. "It's fine."
"This is going to be a long field trip," Ned sighed.
Harley let Peter stay the night. He cleared off space next to the cooler and laid down an inflatable bed. He pumped air into it as Peter sneakily ran inside and came back with some bedsheets announcing that someone probably saw him.
Peter leaned over, frowning. He let out a silent gasp when he fell forward and then paused, shocked.
Steve closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to fall back to sleep.
Natalia practically threw herself at him. He laughed and hugged her back tightly. The man that had been caring for Bucky, took a step back and went to the table behind him.
"A borked 4.0 and a genuine 35 on the ACT," Harry said the last part proudly. Peter couldn't help himself when he hooted and raised his hand for a high-five. Harry grinned and high-fived back.
"For what!?" Peter nearly exploded but looked at Phil angrily.
"No, you're not." Bucky said, flicking through channels on the television.
Anthony Stark. Not a goddamn knife or gun.
"Do I have to know everything?" Steve asked sarcastically.
Pietro stopped and Wanda sagged, eyes still watery.
"I can send something to her mom." May whispered back quietly.
The priest repeated the sentence to Tony and he smiled softly. "I do."
The Black Widow's eyes were twinkling with soft admiration and maybe, love? "You know quite a lot, huh?"
"That's a good idea," MJ nodded. Ned looked worried.
"It's an emotional time for everyone," Clint shrugged. Natasha glanced at Bucky to see him looking off and Natasha watched him suspiciously.
"Star Wars." Peter replied proudly and Natasha laughed a little. "What's yours?"
Steve nodded.
There was Tony, his wings snapped out to their full wingspan. In one flap he was already at least ten feet above Steve and blocked out the sun. The only thing Steve could see was the outline of Tony, the parts of the sun that weren't blocked, and Tony's wings.
Steve rolled his eyes and walked over to them. Steve pulled but it refused to move and instead Tony tripped into Steve.
Tony stuttered.
"He was in the area," Bucky shrugged. "But ah, we kind of learned something...interesting." Bucky pursed his lips and Sam frowned.
"We can try," Tony suggested and both Natasha and Steve glared.
Nothing he read made any sense. And it seemed as though Mr. Osborn wasn't going to get back to him. Ever.
Peter frowned. "No. That's not - no. That's not happening."
"Mission Protect." Bucky said again. "Plan does not include protection or soldat."
"Tony report!" Steve yelled.
"Are you kidding?" Peter waved his hands. "I went from having
Steve laughed. "Yeah, that's not coming off Shellhead."
Natasha laughed and followed him downstairs.
He created Iron Man and killed Stane.
Peter rested on a building, looking out towards the ferry and wharf when his suit beeped.
JARVIS had put a tracker on Peter and had led them here. Steve, Clint, Bucky, Pietro, and Natasha were the ground team, scouting the place out. Tony, Sam, Thor, and Wanda were the air team, looking at the warehouse. Bruce had stayed behind with May to be behind the scenes and helping with the tech.
Tony looked up at him. "Yeah, don't do that." His eyes had small flickering flames of fire inside them. His body looked like it was burning, moving underneath his skin.
"Join the club," Clint called from the couch. Sam gave an exasperated sound.
Tony shut down the weapons system in Stark Industries with the help of Pepper who came up with a new way to make money.
." She whispered. "I mean like...
This will be published every other day if I remember.
Peter's bedroom became a masterpiece.
Pepper was surprisingly calm about Tony's predicament when she came around to the Tower to see him.
Peter went a little red, surprised that she would ask that. "I - I mean yeah. I don't - I've never been -
Then he shook his head. "No. They aren't." He turned to leave.
Steve dropped the subject, still looking disappointed but glanced at his phone. "Tony wants me to come home. Please play nice guys." he looked apprehensively at all of them before leaving the room.
She looked over at Bucky and gestured. Bucky nodded and walked over, cranking his arm before punching it through the door. Once the door was broken down, Natasha could hear the rest of the air team landing.
Bucky nodded. "No problem Spidey. I guess I should thank you too seeing as you do the same but...in a larger area." Bucky looked at him for a moment. "Does your friend happen to be a young woman named Michelle?"
It's a fucking street.
But Steve wasn't listening and he took two long strides to reach Tony. He leaned in and kissed him.
"So is that what you spent the last like five days doing?" MJ asked.
"So what happened?" Steve asked as Tony asked, "How'd it go?"
Steve scrambled away as the new kid walked over. He was about their age, maybe a little older and almost twice Steve's height. Steve felt miserable. He didn't know the new kid, but he was sure the new kid knew him. And that just didn't bode well for him-
Steve stared at Tony. He had been drawing Tony as they were sitting in Central Park. Tony was wearing a button up white shirt and black pants. His hair was windswept as always and it moved in the light breeze.
Steve was twelve at the time. He didn't have really any friends mostly because Artie bullied him and Artie was the popular kid in school. He also looked like a six year old so that might have something to do with it. And maybe the fact that he cared about his grades and his teachers loved him.
Steve rolled his eyes.
"I can't." Tony rasped.
The other was a man named T'Challa. He was the Prince of Wakanda where T'Chalka-the King-had agreed to let T'Challa work with the Avenges.
"You only saw them twice!" Tony spat, yanking his hand back. "You don't know what beautiful is if you think that they're-"
"Tony what's going on?" Natalia asked loudly.
"I know what beatific is because I'm looking at it." Steve interrupted.
It was something that he eventually stopped talking about.
She hummed, wondering for a moment. "Well, what's your favorite class? You're in high school right?"
"So it's entirely possible that the Avengers won't let us see them?" Ned asked. Then he went quiet. "Or you?"
"Another childhood friend?" MJ's eyebrow raised.
"Bruce any intel?" Clint yelled too, whipping around to mash an arrow at a magical crow.
Tony seemed immobile so Peter shakily got to his feet. He walked over to Clint and unhooked him. Peter seemed out of energy after that because he fell, collapsing. Clint quickly caught him before he could hurt himself anymore. Clint gently set him down and turned to everyone else.
"Oh, shit," he swore and leaped to his feet, Natalia on his heels.
Harley would usually give them a chicken wrap, let them stay the night, wait until they leave the next day and call the police. But the softer buzz from behind him made him think otherwise.
Steve cried out in alarm because gosh darn-it, that was his best picture yet!
2015 - Natasha finds Peter
," Bucky replied. He ran out of the room, probably to get a clearer network.
"You turned into a cat for a week and a half," Natasha supplied, giving a hand to Tony who took it and stood.
Steve gasped.
They were silent, thinking.
Harley was wearing a red button up plaid shirt with ripped jeans. The sleeves of the shirt were frayed and looked like they had been cut off. He had a sort of rugged, farm boy looking going on with a definite bad boy feeling. Peter tried to be as friendly as possible but it was really hard when you're gay and you're childhood friend looked so hot.
"Just a little," Steve mumbled, ears turning pink.
Peter startled. "Really? Sweet!" He started forward and then paused. "Wait. I forgot where it is."
"What are you thinking about Nat?" Steve asked, handing her a spoon full of cookie dough. She started licking at it, smiling at Steve in thanks.
"We weren't sure if Natasha was going to abort it but imagine our surprise to find out that she was absolutely elated to be pregnant. Maybe hesitant about that fact it was Stark's child but she loved it nonetheless." Julian sighed. "And that's when it got complicated."
"Huh?" Peter frowned as Natasha nodded.
"Where. Is. He?" She seethed. "It's been twelve years -
"Oh please," Harry rolled his eyes. "I bet it didn't even hurt did it?" Peter went silent. "Told you. And it was fun!"
Bucky grinned and laughed. "Don't say anything yet. Nat and I want to-"
Steve winced and sighed. "Looks like we're going in with a bang." He jumped down and he heard Tony sigh loudly.
"Uh -" Peter started but then there was a click and Tony was off the phone. Peter pulled away and shoved his phone in his pocket. "Um. I have to go home."
He walked into the hallway, leaving Tony with his thoughts.
"Who are you talking to?" May came up next to him, kissing his cheek.
"For him yeah." Bucky snorted. Natalia rolled her eyes, muttering.
Steve watched the display before Tony turned to look at him and let out a small miaow.
"And not really me to be honest but that's expected." Steve shrugged, waking Tony.
the universe.
"But it's not a school night!" Peter argued.
Feathers that to him, looked like Captain America. Tony was ecstatic and loved them.
Luckily, Phillips and Peggy had caught up, giving him a lift to the plane. As the neared the ship, Peggy pulled him down and kissed him. She stared him hard in the eyes as she said, "Don't come back, idiot."
marching out of the room and towards Phil.
"Alright." Bucky came down with two boxes of stuff and Clint came down with one. "We've got everything in boxes so we just need to get everything out."
He was forced in a cave, his chest blown out, and pain everywhere around him. He couldn't see or hear and all he could feel was the pain in his chest. He faintly heard screams and it took him a moment to realize that it was him.
"The only way to get true answers is to find them," Steve nodded. "The quest is how do we do that though."
"So when do I get to see her?" He asked excitedly.
"She's Peter's 'aunt' and might have been an accomplice in his kidnapping," Natasha said flippantly and Peter turned to argue again but then his phone went off.
Natasha glanced at Bucky, wondering if he was going to say anything. Bucky glanced at her and Bucky sighed. "I'm probably going to stay away. I have no idea what Winter thinks of Peter yet."
He tried to subtly tell them to go away and he winced a little when they left. They were just trying to protect him and they didn't know about Spider-Man but still. Peter couldn't help but feel somewhat betrayed by both of them.
The man tried to turn his gun and step towards her but she shot and the noise rang through the open aired room. She instantly felt regret - not killing the man but killing him in front of Peter.
Wanda snorted. "Oh right. Of course."
"Kind of. Still woozy and dizzy," Peter held his head. "Oh my god. What - what was that?"
"But we can't tell mom and dad about Spider-Man," Peter pleaded. "Please - Buck - I'm serious -"
Peter outright laughed at that. "Why the hell would I - no! No they do not know! And before you ask - no, May does not know. If she knew she would freak out and when she freaks out, I freak out,"
Before Tony could respond, Pietro interrupted, "Wanda, he's a billionaire. Of course he can pay for all of this."
It was freakish.
"You're beautiful." Steve blurted, interrupting. He was still staring at Tony.
They were in the quinjet, heading to Tony's last known location. Thor, Vision, Bruce, Pepper, Sam, and Rhodey decided to stay behind. So the ones on the mission were Peter, Steve, Bucky, Natalia, Wanda, Clint, and Pietro. They had tried to tell Peter to stay behind but it was a useless effort.
Ned had shaken out of it enough to hand Peter ear plugs and a tissue. Peter took both as MJ continued to rant about something and led them to the back of the school.
"Better?" Steve asked. Tony just yawned widely in response and crawled up to settle down on Steve's shoulders.
." Steve gave a small smile. "And
"Why not?" Bruce asked softly.
"Right," she muttered and looked at Peter. "This is not over Peter. You're explaining as soon as we get home."
"So...do you want to?" Tony's voice brought him out of his thoughts and he blinked.
Harley made the bed and then went to his own bunk bed, a few feet from where Peter was lying down. They talked a bit before falling asleep and Harley was pretty happy about it. He told Peter a lot about his life at the orphanage-how he never got adopted and how he ended up here in the first place.
"I don't know, maybe ask your people," MJ scoffed, shooting at Tony who looked like he wanted to get angry but couldn't.
"Why?" Steve asked. "What is it?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well no shit Sherlock but
"Suspected kidnapping." Phil responded smoothly.
And Observation 3: Everything felt better as soon as he stepped out of the container.
MJ noticed something was wrong but Ned was too busy paying attention (Art wasn't his best subject).
Steve sat up slightly and he unconsciously began to pet Tony's fur. Tony's tail paused before going back to its lazy flicking.
Tony's wings were out, the twenty-four feet of it draped behind him like a wedding train. Most people avoided them but occasionally someone would step on his wings and they would snap back, nearly tripping Tony.
"Mr. Delmar's," Peter piped up. He felt a low purring noise and fur against his feet and he grinned, leaning down to scratch Goose's chin. Carol had dropped off her cat a few weeks ago, claiming that the cat didn't want to be around Nick Fury anymore. Goose quickly grew fond of Peter and licked his chin, face, fingers, and hair, while also nuzzling his clothing and under his chin.
"Well, we have some...probably surprising news for you." Phil said, letting him into the elevator first and the two security guards stood at the front of them.
Ultron was destroyed.
Natasha seethed while Steve gently nudged his boyfriend. "Not the time sweetheart," Steve muttered and Tony took his cue.
"You slept with me," Steve pointed out and then spluttered. "I mean like - you as a cat would lay on my chest and purr - god that sounds worse..."
"Well teach 'stealth' to Mr. Blow-Up-Everything-In-My-Way-Without-Even-Asking, here!" Harley spat. He craned his head to look at the hole, missing Black Widow's surprised and proud look.
Steve woke up.
They looked at each other and then more words spilled out of Steve's damn mouth. "I'm distracted, but you look really eager."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, I promised you a story yes?" Julian sighed. "Here it is." the man cleared his throat and sat down on a stool as he tapped his lip. "Natasha Romanov." He twisted his lips before grimacing out a smirk. "The Black Widow had so many talents for a perfect soldier. We read up all about her. And when we managed to get our hands on her - well, we couldn't believe our luck. Our team for years had been searching up a formula - something to give her the opportunity to be pregnant. And then, once we set her up with Anthony Stark, we figured we would take the child once it was born.
Tony quickly shut up and just stood there as Steve slowly pulled away. But then Tony launched on him and kissed him harder than before. They're mouths moved in sync and Tony moaned as Steve pulled him closer.
His phone was beat up and broken but Tony replaced it and now he was able to keep it safely on his suit.
"Thank you for letting us," Mr. Harrington replied and gestured to the kids who all quickly chimed in their thanks after taking the hint. They filed inside and went through the security system. They had to go through some metal detectors and then take their fingerprints.
"Wanda and Clint are dealing with that." Steve called up. The two new recruits that they saved from HYDRA, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, joined their side pretty easily. And it was good too, because both twins were powerful.
"Shocked as well but I mean," May gestured around and then kissed Peter's forehead. "I missed you."
