“Yes. No. I mean ...no, I’m not married. Not any more. That’s Daphne, Amelia’s best friend. We’re divorced. So very, very divorced.”
Slowly, Dean’s hands drifted down Castiel’s back, and he cupped the other man’s ass, rocking their hips together, swallowing down the small gasp that fell from Castiel’s lips. Dean’s fingers brushed up beneath Cas’ shirt, his skin hot to touch, and Cas’ small nod before he pushed forward, running his hands up the corded muscle of Castiel’s back and pulling his shirt off as he went.
“Yeah, a little bit. But not for two days! Dean was going out of his mind with worry that he had lost you forever. I’m pretty sure he was about to ram himself back into the closet, just for you,” answered Charlie with an intensity that made Dean raise his eyebrows. He opened his mouth to calm the situation before Charlie really went off on Benny, they’d gotten past it and were in a good place now, no need to bring up the past. But Jo spoke first.
Dean nodded, taking in the new information and then asked, “Do you also have computer science with Frank Devereaux next?”
It turned out to be easier said than done to find the right box. The basement was full of boxes, with incredibly different detailed descriptions; from Anna’s neat writing listing everything in the box, to Cas’ eloquent summaries of what could be found in them, to Gabriel’s messy ‘stuff’.
"Maybe we should just come back another time? We are obviously missing something," came Gabriel's voice from behind Castiel. Dean hadn't even noticed him before now.
That didn’t really help. The walk to the door was far longer the Dean remembered it being. Back when Eileen was alive, Dean hadn’t even stopped long enough to knock on the door; he used to just waltz inside. It had never mattered how often he’d been there or what time it was, convenient or not. Sam used to yell at him for it, but Eileen always just laughed it off and told him to make himself at home.
“The Lord of the Rings, we are going to watch the first movie tonight and the second one next time. Hope you don’t mind seeing it again,” answered Dean.
“Have you seen your car? I think that sound is the least of your problems because I can fix that, everything else with your car is a lost cause. I won’t be able to let other people see me near it. They might think you’re my pimp or something,” answered Dean unable to keep himself from laughing.
been thinking. Not really. He shouldn’t be allowed to make plans right after having mind blowing sex. Or before sex, to be perfectly honest. Which kind of put a damper on the whole sex at work thing.
A few seconds later, “You were right, Sam. It totally worked!” was heard in the living room followed by laughter from Sam.
Castiel nodded, resting his head against Dean’s shoulder and closing his eyes. “You going home tonight?” he asked, smiling as Dean turned in his arms.
“It’s nice to see you checking up on your patients, Winchester.” Balthazar cuts in, jerking his head towards Castiel’s former room when Dean feigns innocence. “Shame this one got away from you.”
Dean nodded slowly then realization hit him and he choked on his bite of pie, his eyes widening. “Oh my God,” he snorted, his cheeks turning slightly pink as he laughed at Cas’ perfectly straight face, “that’s not what I meant and you know it!”
“Your mom…” Castiel cleared his throat, glancing up at Amelia before continuing, “deserves to be happy too. But just because she’s not dating doesn’t mean she’s not happy. And just because she misses your dad…”
“Charlie is friends with Sam. Talking about something they’re working on together… I caught them hugging and everything,” said Dean as he sat down in his usual seat. Not in the mood to deal with his brother right now, Dean scanned the room trying to find him so he could avoid him. Thankfully, Sam and his group of cronies were nowhere to be seen.
Claire smiled back at him, her cheeks flushing a bit pink. “Mom?” she said after a moment, glancing back. “I’m… I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
“Dean Winchester! Why would you do that? I raised you better than that!” scolded Mary disappointingly.
“I could make you say it, you know,” Dean said in jest, working the ring out of the box. Castiel glared at him, but Dean kissed it away, slipping the ring onto his finger. Castiel looked at it, lifting his hand to better see it in their lamplight, then reached for Dean’s head, pulling him in for a kiss.
I have no idea what happened, but Charlie can probably find proof that something happened. Better safe than sorry.
He couldn’t hold back the scream when his arms were gripped to do the same for the ropes there. “Stop! Let me do it, “said the voice next to him, and then there were gentler hands untying the rope that held his hands together. “The plan wasn’t to let him walk all the way back to town with a broken arm.”
Sam hangs up the phone, his face pale. “Dean, that was Bobby. He’s at the hospital. Ellen had an accident.”
Ignoring the pang in his heart that the imagery caused, he got up and put on a pair of comfy sweatpants, deciding to forego boxers and a shirt for the time being.
“Um, it’s just Jo. She’s-” Dean hesitated, not wanting to bore Castiel with an explanation of the reason for his sister’s wrath.
“What are you talking about?” Castiel furrowed his brows, his brain short circuiting as Dean nipped at his inner thigh. “What question?”
“See!” Gabriel said as Castiel came back to take the seat beside him, “I told you he wasn’t dying or anything.”
“Yes,” Castiel answered, looking back at the tree in front of them. “I have never had a tree before, actually. Not since I was a child, and my father always bundled all of us up and took us into the forest at the edge of the property.” He looked around the area slowly and gave Dean a small smile as he met his eyes. “The idea of a tree lot with hot drinks is much more appealing, now that I’m thirty.”
Somehow, in the short time he had known Sam, Luc had managed to bring back that spark Sam lost after Eileen died.
“Yeah, you’re right. It will take me about an hour…” she trailed off and Castiel could hear the revving of her engine. “No, make that half an hour, before I get back to town. Can you stay with him until then? I will be there as soon as I can.”
Castiel rolled his eyes playfully, leaning back against the bench of the seat to finish the rest of his coffee. The waitress came back with the receipt and Castiel watched Dean sign his name quickly, leaving a healthy tip before shoving his wallet back into his pocket.
right there in the bathroom, naked and sharing a single towel, was the happiest Dean could remember feeling in a long time.
“Screw this!” Charlie hissed, shaking off Castiel’s hand before storming up to the table Sam and his friends were sitting at. Her friends scrambled up and quickly followed behind. Sam didn’t seem to notice her until she slapped her hands down on the table in front of him and got right up to his face.
Claire hesitated for a moment, then pushed up and came to squeeze onto the couch between Castiel and her mom, leaning heavily on her Uncle’s side.
Castiel huffed a small laugh as his eyes flickered down to the speedometer then up to Dean with a quirked brow. “Eager, are we?”
The night continued, the kids heading to bed with heavy feet and wide yawns, the adults falling off one by one... Dean was the last downstairs with him, other than Sam who was curled up on the couch already snoring, despite the tree lights still being on and casting him in its bright, pink glow. Dean reached for him at the bottom of the stairs, twisting their fingers together as he tried and failed to bite back a yawn. They stripped and redressed into clean pajamas - just in case, there were over a dozen people in the house that did not need to see them in a compromising position - and crawled under the sheets.
Dean stayed back and watched as Castiel opened the door, a loud screech erupting moments before Castiel was knocked back a few feet, his legs in a vice grip of a long limbs and curly blonde hair.
“Ohh, you know, he’s still trying to get into Princeton, so all I do these days is remind him to eat and sleep.”
“I— I don’t know.” Surely Sam wasn’t half hiding behind his boyfriend. Dean knew he was quite… let’ say,
“What? No!” he said, as he took his eyes off the road to look at her. “The photo, look at the photo.”
“Well,” Castiel shrugged, holding out one of the forks, “no one is around to see us eating like animals.”
Before Dean could say anything to Benny, Coach told everybody to sit down and keep their mouths shut.
“I know! I mean, you would think that the great Chuck Shurley could take a break from writing to spend some time with his son every now and again,” said Dean just to get a rise out of Charlie, which seems to have worked if you went by how Charlie’s eyes had widened.
Cas turned to him with a blinding smile. “Good morning, Dean. I hope you don’t mind me cooking without your permission.”
to his party this Saturday,” said Dean, still in shock. “Or more like demanded I showed up. You're invited too by the way.”
"I don't know brother. The Golden boy probably asked him to come," answered Benny. But when Dean looked over at Sam, he looked just as shocked at John being there as everyone else.
As soon as the big screen flickered to life, Dean looked up from his drawing. “Now, Mr. Novak here might not have a social media account for himself, but that doesn't mean that he’s not all over them. Be careful about who you surround yourself with because they might plaster you all over the internet. So far, I have figured out that he is the youngest son of Chuck Novak, who is best known as the writer Chuck Shurley.”
boyfriends? Early morning handjobs and blowjobs, maybe taking a shower together and washing each other off- it would start off innocently but eventually turn into shower sex because they couldn’t keep their hands off each other. It had been a long time since Dean had been in an actual relationship, and a part of him was feeling lonely and missing the companionship that accompanied a long term relationship. Despite what image he projected to everyone, he was a sappy romantic at heart.
He wasn’t really sure what to expect when they walked into the Emergency Department. Cas instantly went into ‘doctor mode’, disappearing into the sea of hospital personnel. For a few seconds, Dean simply felt frozen, listening to the unknown voices calling for supplies or for consults from other physicians. It wasn’t until he heard his own name called that he returned back to the present, finding himself being pulled roughly by the arm by Jo towards the closest victim.
“That wasn’t a date!” Dean argued for what felt like the hundredth time. Dean was sure he heard his mom say, “Could have fooled me,” under her breath in response.
"Keep walking, Uncle Cassie!" Claire giggles and hides her face in her hands. Gabe and Amelia are both pink-cheeked and grinning like idiots. They both nod toward the rest of the line.
Dean leaned forward and gestured to Bobby to come closer, almost like he wanted to whisper something to him. But his voice was loud and carried as he said, “He’s mean. You sure you’re not my daddy?”
Looking through the notes Donna had left Sam, Charlie quickly picked out what she could try to do to help. “I think she wants to see more emotions from you. Don’t just write the facts, write how you feel about them. Like…” Charlie looked around her while she was trying to come up with some example. She noticed ‘The Hobbit’ still lying on the table where she put it, but now it was mostly buried under Dean’s clothes. “...like in ‘The Hobbit’! You have read that one, right?”
In between crazy working hours, I FINALLY got time to finish this chapter! I guess there is some upside to being stuck sick in bed all day.
“It’s snowing like crazy! You don’t have to do that,” Castiel shook his head, smiling fondly at Dean. “We can make do with what we have.”
“You would think of all the names in the class he would remember yours, at least your last name since he has the same one!”
“The rumors of you liking, you know--” said Castiel, clearly having trouble with how to phrase this. If Castiel wasn’t gay, then he would most likely be freaking out, if he had heard the rumors of Dean liking him. Castiel had never given Dean a reason to think he was
“I would like to see you prove that in court, Cassy,” said Luc, just as Sam joined them and placed a hand around Luc’s middle.
Sam clicked his tongue, thinking, then shook his head before pressing on. “He went to a psychiatrist for a few months, basically some cognitive behavioral therapy to get out of that mindset, and for the most part it worked. Until… Eileen.”
“Aright, thank you,” said Castiel, walking back towards Gabriel who had stayed seated, but close enough that he heard what she’d said.
“Oh, he’s gay. Trust me, I could tell from the looks he kept sending Dean. He’s going to fall in love with Dean, because how can he not? And when he sees what a dick Sam is, he will never talk to him again. Problem solved.”
Dean’s pants had just barely hit the floor before Cas was moving after him and stripping out of his own clothes. At the very least, if they ended up taking too long in the shower, at least the pie would be cool enough to transport.
Dean didn't hear what John was saying on the phone, but he did notice that Sam was looking at his shoes the entire time John was talking.
“No. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not thrilled to have him here, and you should have talked to me before you decided to invite people to
Dean hadn’t really talked to Castiel since Castiel gave him a ride home. In fact, he’d done everything in his power to not run into Cas. Sure, whenever Dean had seen Cas smiling at him in the hallway, he had smiled back, or when Cas greeted him, he would say ‘Hi’ before taking the first turn he could, even if it took him twice as long to take that way. He wasn’t trying to be rude. Mostly he did it because whenever he saw Castiel, Sam was next to him, and he was still recovering from yesterday’s beat down.
When they got back to the other room, the others had already sat down. Gabriel and Benny were sitting on the larger, furthest couch with Sam and Cas on the loveseat on the opposite side of Ash’s recliner. Since Dean wanted to be as far away from Sam as possible, that meant sitting in the spot beside Cas was out of the question… Sitting next to Benny it was then!
Dinner with Cas. His boss' boss. What kind of idiot went out on a date with his boss' boss? He palmed the steering wheel with both hands and willed down the rising lump of panic in his throat. Break it down. Hospital title aside, Cas was just a person, just like him, and dinner was just food. He liked Cas and he liked food. This was no big deal. He could do this. At least Cas didn't pick some swanky, stuffy place. He rolled his eyes at his reflection in the rear view mirror. "I'm a twelve-year-old girl."
Thankfully it wasn’t long before the nicer nurse came back and told them they could follow her to Dean’s room. Dean was more alert and was asking for them both. The walk down the hospital wing Dean was in was painfully slow and Castiel had to fight down the urge to just ask the nurse which room Dean was in and run the rest of the way.
He jogged across the parking lot towards Castiel. “Hey!” he greeted him, reaching for his arm. There was an awkward moment where Castiel reached forward for a handshake, changing to mimic Dean’s movement instead, and Dean ended up grabbing his forearm.
The fight ranged all over his front yard, the two of them surging through the deep snow, laughing and shouting. Dean was pleasantly surprised as Castiel made him work for it, putting up a good defense, finally resorting to tackling Dean into the snow.
“Good morning to you too,” said Castiel with a chuckle before kissing Dean right underneath his ear, which sent shivers down to all the right places. How Castiel could be so lively before getting his coffee was beyond Dean. “Sorry about her, I forgot to warn you about this. You don’t have to get up now.” But even as he said that, he started untangling himself from Dean.
“Great! Thanks, Bobby! I mean it!” Dean exclaimed, vibrating with excitement. “I’ll take super good care of her, you know I will!” said Dean with the biggest smile possible as he made his way to go get the key.
Clearing his throat, the policeman stepped forward and said, “I’m Officer Kontos. We just have a couple of questions.” He took up a small notepad and flipped the pages open.
When the trees arrived, he’d told the delivery driver that they had the wrong address, almost had them loaded back into the truck and on their way before Sam came sprinting out of the shop with his arms waving. He at least was given a full thermos of fresh coffee before Sam had put him to work building wooden stands to hold the
Yet… someone obviously had had a change of heart and let Dean’s friends know. There was only one person that came to mind. “Jack. Talk to Jack Kline.”
Dean cackled at that, leading them to the car and stopping to lean against the door. Castiel stepped up close before him, shaking his head with a small, nervous smile. A shiver went down Dean’s back as something cold hit the back of his neck and he looked up, small flecks of white swirling in the air around them.
Dean looked over to the passenger seat, the glow of the driveway lights illuminating the front seat of the car. Cas’ brow was furrowed, and it took a moment for Dean to realize his fingers were gone from his leg, and Dean wasn’t even hard anymore. How on earth did they even make it back to Cas’ place? Dean couldn’t even remember.
wanted to dig into was the ‘definitely’ on the wife. Bad divorce? Not interested in marriage? Or not interested in the wife part of it?
“Sorry to burst your bubble but his wife and son seem to think otherwise,” Castiel said defensively.
Dean's hands shake as he slides the ring onto his finger. He twines his fingers with Cas'. "I love you."
“At home! Where it is warm and safe. Why did I come with you again? Ohh, right, because you said you were going to the store,” came the first voice again, more irritated then it had been before.
“No, not really,” Dean answered looking up at the ceiling. It was the safest place to look. There were no photos of smiling people or worried mothers there. “I don’t really remember it. I just remember someone jumping me on my way home and being driven somewhere. And— it gets a little foggy after that,” Dean said with a far away look in his eyes, before it was overtaken with confusion. “Was Cas there?”
"Fergus does wood working and restoration projects," Castiel supplied, giving Dean's shoulder a squeeze.
“Mom, for the last time! Go to work. I’ll be fine, I promise,” said Dean as he attempted to eat the food in front of him. It was one of the few times his mom brought him breakfast in bed, even though it was nearing 2 o’clock. He’d just hung up the phone after talking to Cas and his friends when the smell from the kitchen hit him, making his mouth water. Mary had made him one of his favorite foods, chocolate chip pancakes, heavy on the syrup. It was almost good enough to make him forget about what Castiel had just told him. How the entire football team had been called into the principal office, his brother included. Cas hadn’t been able to get into much detail before having to go to class, but he promised to tell Dean all about it when he saw him later after school.
“Ropes?” Dean asked as he knelt down, fingers brushing over the trunk of the tree. He nodded when he saw Sam had already trimmed it for Mrs. Kenningston and looked up from his crouch to see Sam nodding, pulling twine from his pocket.
For those of you who follow my other story Dean's angel: I just started writting this because I don't know to get my next chapter of Dean's Angel together. I have already written one chapter that I will hopefully post soon but the one after that is being a pain.
“I had a feeling Sam’s friends were planning to do something to his stuff, so I took it all when I left. I left him a note telling him I would leave it with you since I don’t want Dean to think it was all stolen. I just... don’t know if the note will still be there when he gets there.”
. There went Dean’s hope of trying to keep this from his mom. Not that he ever stood a chance, his mom was a master of knowing when Dean was keeping things from her.
freaking friend, he never would have believed them. He and Charlie were supposed to be best friends forever. He knew that sounded sappy, but it was the truth nonetheless. And as much as Dean felt betrayed... he couldn’t help but miss her. He’d long since lost count of how many times he picked up his phone to call her to talk about the latest cliffhanger, or about how perfect Cas was. But, just as he was about to hit speed deal, he remembered that he wasn’t talking to her.
“Blackmail.” Castiel snorted, pushing the plate with the remainder of the pie in front of Dean. He grinned as Dean’s eyes lit up as he dug in with gusto. “Can’t believe you are using my curious nature against me.”
A movement on the bed next to him had him turning around to see Castiel in the progress of busting himself up to sit against the headboard.
“It’s a surprise,” was all he said as he got into the car, starting up the ignition as Cas settled in beside him. He saw Castiel roll his eyes and reach forward to turn up the radio. Dean simply laughed as he pulled out of the driveway.
“That’s so unfair of them! Why shouldn’t you get to talk about what makes you happy?” Castiel sounded so disappointed.
Cas stomps the snow and mud from his boots on the welcome mat as he enters Winchester Auto. He pulls his hat off and nods to Ash behind the counter.
John had written a note or two on some of the pages. On a small newspaper article about Mary’s coffee-shop opening he wrote, “Doing what she always wanted.” From the pictures, Dean figured that John didn’t write any more entries for a few years. He also noticed that Sam's mom wasn’t in any of the photos.
“Dean,” Cas said softly, slipping on his shoes. “Stop worrying. Please. I can almost assure you that no one will give us two glances when we arrive. You haven’t yet experienced the chaos that comes from a multi trauma. We will be the last thing on everyone’s minds.” He grabbed his keys off the dresser, glanced back at Dean as they made their way out.
He had to turn around in bed to be able to see the alarm clock on Cas’ bedside table. The red letters on it confirmed the horrible truth, that the time was only 7:06. In. The. Freaking. Morning. He couldn’t believe it until he watched the last number turn into seven. It was way too early to be awake. Especially on a day after a major holiday.
After saying his goodbyes, Dean hung up the phone and put it away. Making his way back into the living room, he sat on the floor next to Claire. “Find anything interesting?”
And really, Sam seemed like a nice kid for sticking around with Luc and making sure Castiel was settled in for an extended stay at the hospital. He would’ve liked to chat with him some more, but the glares from Luc were so intense that Castiel finally told them to get out of his hair and leave him be.
“Hey, Cas?” he started tentatively leaning back to look at Cas’ face. “Will you be my boyfriend? Like all exclusive and shit?”
It was a good thing that Dean Winchester was not known for being a quitter, because there was only one word that could describe Castiel at pool; that word was ‘terrible.’ God knows Castiel tried his best, but no matter how much he tried, he could not get a single ball in a hole without Dean’s help. Not that Dean was complaining. In fact, Dean loved everything about Castiel playing pool.
He was led through Cas’ house by his hand, Cas turning lights out as they went. House dim, he followed Cas upstairs and in to the master bedroom.
“You are absolutely stunning,” Castiel muttered as his fingers skated along Dean’s collarbone and down his pecs, his nails gently grazing his hardened nipples, drawing a low groan from Dean.
Dean was just rounding the last corner on his way home later that day, when he felt hands grab his arms and pull him back. Before he could turn his head to see who it was, something was put over his head and everything went dark. Ignoring the spike of nerves, he gave a small chuckle and was just about to ask his friends what they thought they were trying to do, when he got punched in the stomach.
“Just don’t ever do it again,” Mary whispered into his hair, taking a moment to collect herself before turning towards Castiel. Both boys pointedly ignored the tears shining in her eyes. “Sorry about that, what can I get you and your idiot of a boyfriend?”
“Oh my-- Cas, just so you know, if you ever break up? We’re keeping Dean solely on his pie making skills. So don’t fuck this up!”
His mom watched him with thoughtful eyes as she reached for the pills and water. “Take this but if the pain gets any worse, you
“I was at home?” Sam answered hesitantly as he wiped his forehead. He hadn’t been doing anything illegal, in fact he’d blown off his friends to work on one of his essays and yet he couldn’t help but be nervous.
“Are you going to give me the nickel tour?” Castiel asked as he crowded Dean’s space, backing him up against the wall. He ran his hands down Dean’s chest and gripped his hips. Dean groaned and let his head fall back, thumping against the wall as Castiel kissed his way up Dean’s throat. His hands wandered around to grip Dean’s ass and pull them together. “How about we start with the bedroom?”
Dean would’ve never made it to work on time if it hadn’t been for his mom’s help. Without her, he would probably still be standing in his underwear in front of the mirror trying to find something to wear. He hadn’t even had time to clean up his room before he had to leave to catch the bus. All he could hope for was that he would have some time to clean up before Castiel showed up to pick him up, or hope that Castiel wouldn’t want to come in.
Benny slowly leaned towards Jo and asked, “Do you think he finally lost it and will start bursting into songs now?” in as low voice of a voice as he could while still running.
Cas heaved a sigh and leaned back against the wall with his eyes closed. "I just had a really shitty day."
“It’s homemade and it looks delicious. You’re your own worst critic.” Castiel pushed him back gently and shooed him out of the kitchen. “Alright, we only have about an hour until we have to leave. You need to shower and get out of your scrubs.”
“Oh I showed it to Amilea. She didn’t think it was a good idea to put it up just yet,” answered Cas, after a moment he added, “Why do you ask?”
He focused on the last one. This didn’t change anything! Sam still hated him and John was still a dick. No matter what the journal said, that wouldn’t change.
“Well, boys, it’s way past visiting hours. You two should head on home and get some sleep. Dean will be fine while you’re gone. They want to keep him here overnight, just to make sure everything is alright,” said Mary as she sat on the edge of Dean’s bed.
“Absolutely not. He’s much better. In fact, I sent him home an hour ago. I got so sick of his whining and complaining that I couldn’t stand it another second.”
“Hi babe. Missed me already?” asked Cas when he picked up and Dean could hear someone make kissing noises behind him before Castiel excused himself. “Sorry about that. My brother is an idiot.”
Dean looked up to see Luc had managed to sneak a bite out of the pie and was now in the progress of devouring the rest of it. “Hey!” Dean said sharply, reaching for the pie plate, “Leave some for me!”
“So what now?” asked a voice Dean couldn’t place and he tried to rack his brain, thinking about who those two assholes hung out with other than Sam.
It didn’t take Dean long to find the burger he wanted, a bacon burger loaded with onion rings. The only problem was, Dean didn’t want to have onion breath for the rest of the night. That would probably ruin his chance of getting to kiss Castiel sometime this evening.
After answering all of the police officer's questions and showing him the message Gabriel had gotten, the officer thanked them for their cooperation. He turned to Mary, walking with her to the door. Castiel overheard him tell her he’d keep her informed and that he’d stop by to talk to Dean once he was awake.
Sam waited patiently while Dean used the bathroom and brushed his teeth, then both brothers went downstairs together. The tree was lit up, the plate of Santa's cookies mostly eaten and a huge hunk taken out of the carrot --
“My dad was at home, but I don’t think he noticed I was there. He left in a hurry later that night.” Sam couldn’t read what Officer Kontos was thinking as he scribbled something down in his note pad.
Dean searched Cas’ eyes and licked his lower lip slowly. “I… I don’t usually kiss on the first date. Not when I’m hoping for another one.”
“I have most of the next two weeks off,” Castiel started, “so I really don’t have an excuse… I should get to decorating and planning for my family.”
I hope everyone has enjoyed this story as much as I have, and I sincerely hope I did the ending justice. I was excited and terrified to go last, so fingers crossed I wrapped everything up well! ♥ The chapter ended up a little longer than the 2-3kish we all did, but I couldn't figure out how to tie things up in less words.  Sorry?
date! It wasn’t that Dean was ashamed about the date or anything, he was just nervous enough about it without his friends making a big deal out of it.
Dean sat on the couch to root through the box he was working on. There were only a few left, and the place was already feeling like a real home. There were pictures of pretty landscapes on the walls, some weird knick-knacks on shelves, and a huge old quilt that Castiel had pulled out of a tiny box like a magician with endless scarves. It was resting across the back of the couch. This one looked like it was filled with pictures in frames, and Dean took them out one by one, placing them on the coffee table.
When he was naked, he ran his hands back up Dean’s thighs, pushing them open so he could lay between them and lean back up to kiss Dean’s lips. “I could,” he smirked, rolling his hips and pressing their hardened flesh together. “I could stare at you for hours. But…”
"Was he at least wearing pants?" Castiel asked as he pulled the blankets back and sat up, slipping his feet into his slippers. He glanced up to see Sam slowly shaking his head and started laughing again. "Well, that was Gabriel's Christmas wake up call, of course. If it helps any, it means breakfast and coffee is ready. He woke us all up once before the coffee was done and I was
“Sorry!” said Sam as he patted his pockets to find his phone under the angry stare of the librarian. Finding it, he quickly looked at the screen before answering. “Hey Mom!” in a low voice.
Castiel sighed and leaned back against his pillows once more. Dean bent down to grab them, the strange feeling of being watched making him flush. Realistically, he knew Doctor Novak was probably glaring at his back, but the tiny brain that was connected to his dick was whispering he was staring at his ass.
Dean leaned back against the armchair, smiling as Claire followed after her uncle, good naturedly nitpicking his ornament placement. Dean had been impressed; his boyfriend had gotten the typical baubles of gold, red, and green, but he’d picked up a package of emoji ornaments - which Claire
“Yeah, it did,” said Dean in between a yawn. And it had been. It had been a long time since he’d been able to relax and just had fun, especially with Sam. “We should do it again soon.”
At the bottom was a large, silver frame, all hearts and curlicues. He turned it over curiously, and the picture made Dean’s heart skip a beat.
“Well, he’s awake but still a little out of it,” she said with a warm smile, after taking a quick look towards the nearest nurse’s station to see that it was empty. She gave him another small smile and quickly added, “I can’t tell you any details, but his injuries looked a lot worse than they are. They’re going to keep him overnight just to keep an eye on him, but he should be able to go home tomorrow. When his parents get here, you can ask them to tell you more.”
Pulling up to his house, Dean turned off the car and turned his full attention towards Clarie. “I can ask Cas about it, if you want.” All he got back was a small nod before, Clarie got out of the car.
Since Missouri kept an eye on both Charlie and Jo for the rest of the class, they didn't have a chance to ask Castiel if he would come to movie night. Their decision to wait until class was over did not work out like they hoped. When the bell finally rang, Castiel was obviously in a hurry since he had already packed his stuff and was out of his chair.
Ten years ago, John showed back up with his fancy new car, a wife, and a kid. A kid who just happend to be four months younger than Dean. At first, Dean had tried to look out for Sam. He knew from all the books he’d read that big brothers should look out for their little brothers. When other kids were mean to Sam, he would tell them to stop and leave Sam alone.
Claire licked her lips and turned, narrowing her eyes as she searched Dean’s face. “I hope you know, we’re totally cooler than any of your family.”
“Here, I brought this for you,” she said as she handed it over. “Hey Dean, can I give you a makeover later?”
“Just the part about your mom. He didn’t say anything worse did he?” asked Castiel, and Dean was sure that Cas had not bought it when he shocked his head no. Thankfully he let it drop.
Dean was greatly enjoying this visit with Doctor Novak, and was in no hurry to leave, so in an attempt to keep the conversation going, he blurted out “so, I guess if you’re well enough you’ll have to go to this stupid seminar at the weekend? I would play sick if I was you.”
“Hey now,” Dean argued, looking perfectly affronted, “I very well may make a cobbler, thank you very much.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he felt his heart rate pick up. He forced himself to swallow, took a breath, and bit the bullet. “I do,” Dean confirmed, turning his head to the side and meeting Castiel’s gaze head on.
“It’s two friends meeting to discuss some things,” corrected Castiel and Dean was pretty sure his heart just got crushed into tiny pieces. He was so busy trying to wrap his head around it that he almost didn’t notice that Castiel was still talking, just in a lower voice so the people near them wouldn’t hear him. “I just mean that when I take you out on a date it’s going to be someplace else than your mom’s cafe shop. Not that it’s not a great place for a date, I just think you deserve to go somewhere new and exciting for our first date.”
, at least that is what my mom keeps telling me.” At Castiel’s confused looked, Dean quickly explained, “It’s my mom’s shop, we live above it.”
“So,” Dean cleared his throat, shuffling his feet in the pine shavings, “wife and kids around? Getting cocoa?”
“Hi, sorry for keeping you waiting-- Cas? What--what are you doing here?” Castiel had not been one of the persons Dean expected to see today, but there he was. Looking oddly adorable, wearing the same clothes he had been wearing yesterday, with his head tilted to the side with a thoughtful look on his face.
They made small talk throughout the rest of the ride, chatting about their respective families – Dean only had his younger brother, Sam, and those he considered family like Bobby and the Harvelle’s while Castiel was one of five, three of his siblings with children of their own – and their holiday plans.
Dean ducked inside Doctor Novak’s room and breathed a sigh of relief, before suddenly remembering that the man himself was in the bed and probably wondering what was going on. He turned around, and was faced with a wide-eyed, confused-looking patient.
“What the hell happened?” He grabs her chart and flips through it - liquid acetaminophen in an IV escalated to morphine if required, X-rays ordered, good. That’s good. Everything he would have done. He sees the scrawl at the bottom of the form - Doctor Masters - and relaxes somewhat. She’s a good doctor, thorough and precise, and he trusts her judgement.
“Like a date?” asked Charlie, with the biggest grin on her face, and if Dean didn’t know any better he would say she was more excited about it than he was.
locked the locker room and turned off the water in the showers so Dean had to spend ten minutes looking for him to get access to his stuff again and to wash off.
Bobby's expression softens and he lays his hand on Dean's arm. "You really think everybody woulda went along with it if we thought he'd hate it?"
“Dean,” Cas called out to him. “Dean!” Dean stopped walking but didn’t turn around. “Don’t confuse my control for being uncaring.”
Normally Dean wouldn’t be sure he could keep that promise. There was just something about Castiel that had Dean agreeing to it, and meaning it.
He closed his eyes, blowing out a slow breath, and had only a moment to plaster a smile on his face before Charlie was at his side, linking their arms together. “If I’d known you were still going to be here, I wouldn’t have stopped for chow in the caf-- Dude, what the hell happened?”
His phone pinged from one of his pockets as he went back to join Charlie. Somehow, he wasn’t surprised at what he saw on it when he had dug it up.
Dean wiped his brow with the back of his hand, slid down the wall, and slumped onto the floor. This was his first major incident since becoming a fully-fledged doctor, and it had been an exhausting few hours. He wasn’t sure how many patients he had seen - some with minor injuries, some seriously hurt - but he had definitely saved the life of at least one, and none had died under his care. Now finally the shift was over, and Dean felt a satisfaction that the hospital had dealt with everyone professionally, and with the utmost care.
over at Tumblr) it would never by as good without them. I’m pretty sure I’m going to end up naming all my future babies after them, at this point.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh at his boyfriend’s absurd thinking, “So you tell her that you are going to torture me? Good going, Cas.”
Dean's alarm went off at 7 the next day and it took all of his will power not to throw that goddamn thing at the wall. To say that Dean was not a morning person would be an understatement. Twenty minutes later, Dean was no closer to getting out of bed, but he got up when he heard “Dean Winchester, your breakfast is ready, so get your ass out of bed or you’re going to be late to work!”
“Maybe she’s PMSing because your lame ass brother finally got what was coming to him,” said Lucifer laughing as he stopped next to Sam, putting one arm over his shoulder. “Right,
Clarie had almost gone through everything in the cabinet and the pile next to her was reaching her height. Something told Dean that that wasn’t the leave behind pile. “I think your nieces is looking for a way into Narnia. So fifteen minutes? Twenty tops.”
Brow furrowed, he takes the note she hands over and gives his order. As she scrambles to place it and pour his coffee, he reads:
“I can just go get the ones I have, then we can decide,” said Castiel as he got up from the couch. “Dean can you come help me bring them in?”
“How are you feeling Dean?” asked Castiel as he looked his boyfriend over, taking note of every little cut or scratch.
he thought to himself. When Dean noticed there was no pie left and all of his other friends were too busy stuffing their faces, he said, “That was the last piece! Aren't you going to have any?”
“At least Castiel tried. If the book doesn't have pictures in it then Dean won’t try it.” Charlie rolled her eyes and then glanced back down at the book. “So, how far in it are you?”
Since he’s already at the hospital, Dean figures he should probably pick up an extra shift to make himself useful. As he makes his way down the corridor, Castiel’s office looms on his left, the door firmly closed and the lights turned off. He lingers for just a moment, using the hand sanitizer to kill some time, thinking of Charlie and her mission. He can go and check up on Castiel, make sure he’s safe in bed and unlikely to wander about and catch him in the act. Maybe they can hang out for a bit before his break runs out. Then he can return to the office and… break in. A cold sweat breaks out under his armpits at the thought of being caught. He can’t get into trouble so early in his career, he
, Gabriel playing pranks on Lucas and Castiel as if he were being paid to do so, Anna mother henning each of her brothers - and all four of them taking it, too. They were loud and boisterous and slightly obnoxious at times, but they made Dean and Sam feel like family, too, the moment they walked through the door.
“Yes, sir.” No matter what his dad kept telling him, Sam had long ago figured out it was a lot easier to just work with the police than fight them on every little thing.
Not two minutes later, Dean’s phone pinged again. He quickly checked if his mom was looking and stole a peek at his phone.
Dean kissed Cas on the cheek, before taking off his stained sweats. He bent down to pick up a dirty shirt to clean himself off, before heading to the dresser to look for a new pair of sweats to wear. He was fumbling in the top drawer of Cas' dresser when he heard Cas speak up behind him.
So he liked screwing with his brother, sue him! It was his birthright after all. And not even Sam, Luc, or their combined lawyer education could convince him differently.
He wrote Dean’s name down in the margin of the paper on his table and made a note to do a little research on the doctor and maybe, Castiel yawned, he’ll invite Dean for a cup of coffee. ‘
He thought back to Gabriel’s comment and wondered if he should call Sam and ask if he had anything to do with all of this. He wanted to give his friend the benefit of the doubt, the chance to explain. But a bigger part of him was terrified that Sam would answer and confess to planning all of this.
“Okay, spill, now!” said Charlie, who had totally forgotten the game she had been playing against Benny and her half of the screen now had a big Game Over across it.
“The Impala? What do you want with baby?” asked Dean, completely lost over the strange request. Had he missed something when he was having one of his daydreams about Castiel?
"I think he was here today," she whispered, turning her head to look at Castiel. "And I think he really, really would've liked Dean."
“Yeah, I think I could swing that.” Dean pulled him in for another lingering kiss before pushing him back and tapping his ass. “Now go, before you’re the one rushing.”
“Mom! I’m fine, really.” Dean knew his mom wasn’t buying that, so he decided to tell her a little of the truth in the hope she would let it go. “I just haven’t been having a good day, that’s all.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whispered against his lips, chasing another kiss as Cas pulled back to hover over Dean’s body. Cas smirked at him, kissing his way down Dean’s neck as his fingers twisted in the hem of Dean’s shirt. He gripped the ends, pulling it away from Dean’s body so he could feel skin, and yanked Dean up to pull it from his head.
Lowering his voice, Dean kept his eyes on Claire as he asked, “Speaking of Jimmy. The star with his name on it, why isn’t it sitting on top of the Christmas tree?”
“No, I’m just surprised they haven’t figured it out yet,” said Dean. “We should pretend to get really mad at each other or something?”
“Sorry I’m late! Something came up.” When Dean open his eyes, he saw a guilty looking Charlie standing there with all of his stuff. At the confused look on Dean’s face, Charlie added, “Didn’t you see Benny’s note?”
Dean led them over to a bench along the far wall and gestured for Cas to sit. He knelt down and gently laid his hands on Cas' thighs. "I know we haven't known each other all that long. But from what I've seen and what Sam's said, this isn't you. So talk to me. What's up?"
Before reading, Dean decided to try to find out how owned the journal and why that person would leave it for him. Dean quickly flipped through the journal but all it did was confuse him even more. Pictures or articles of him, his mom, and of Sam were all over the journal. Once in a while an article about John would even pop up. The news article of his mom’s café-shop opening, the article about him winning the sport-tournament in first grade, it was all there.
“I can help you rewrite it, if you want,” offered Charlie as she ran her fingers through his hair. “Besides, it’s always easier to write it the second time.”
The word ‘Director’ is underlined twice. Taking his breakfast sandwich and coffee, he looks around, finding the stairs. The stairwell is in the back and around the door are painted flames. Above it is a sign that says “HELL”. Where this room is brightly and cheerfully lit, the stairs are   darker with moody red lighting. He takes a beat to calculate how fast he’d have to move to get to the Seminar on time. Too fast, way too fast
Castiel ordered the same thing he had had last time, which was just a regular cheeseburger. After only a moment’s hesitation, Dean ended up ordering the bacon burger but without the onion rings. Thankfully, Castiel didn’t seem to notice how Krissy looked between them and said, “Good choice!” to Dean when he asked her to skip them.
“Hey, Baby. Miss me?” asked Dean as he got comfortable in the driver's seat, even though he knew he wouldn’t get an answer. Some people talk to their pets, he just talked to his car instead. He knew he shouldn’t have run out of class and it was without a doubt going to bite him in the ass later. He just couldn’t take it anymore and needed to get as far away from his father and brother as he possibly could... which isn’t very far when you don’t have a car.
The whole Novak-Crowley family, still only dressed in their pajamas, were already gathered in the living room with the exception of Fergus, who still needed his beauty sleep according to his wife, and Gabriel and Kali, who apparently were looking for snacks in the kitchen.
Claire squeals with delight and nearly knocks him down with the force of her hug. Everyone bursts into congratulations. Sam muscles his way to Dean and pulls him into a tight embrace. Gabe produces a small packet of tissues, which Ellen and Amelia immediately grab.
“Did something happened over at Jo’s? Because I talked to Ellen earlier and she said you looked like you had some things on your mind…” Mary paused, turning her head to the side slightly. “But I’m starting to think there’s more than that.”
Then Castiel opens the door, dressed in pajama pants and a waffle robe with old man slippers on his feet, looking tired but better than Dean has seen him in days. All his nerves dissipate immediately leaving behind a warm glow, one that makes him want to wrap an arm around Castiel’s waist and kiss him stupid. Castiel’s eyes light up when they land on him and he smiles.
still recovering. And there was the little thing about being his boss that continued to nag at the back of his mind that made Dean feel like he would be overstepping his bounds.
Before Dean knew what was happening, Cas leaned down and swallowed him down in one motion, taking him in down to the base. Dean lifted his legs to rest them on Cas’ shoulders and moaned loudly as he thrust his hips into the tight, wet suction of Cas’ mouth.
naked men so much was beyond Dean. And he was not going to ask since he wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer. With a little maneuvering, he ended on his stomach in the center of the floor with the girls on either side of him and the magazine open in front of them.
“I didn’t,” Dean interrupted quicky, then immediately felt heat rise to his cheeks. God, he was doing
Dean cupped his hand against Cas’ cheek, caressing the scruff with his thumb. Cas’ pink tongue darts out to taste. Pulling the tip into his mouth and sucking, Dean can’t help the groan that escapes his lips.
Cas set a heavy mug in front of Dean, steaming hot and black, just the way Dean liked it. He sat down directly across from Dean, coffee mug warming his hands.
The smell of coffee, bacon, and warm cinnamon greeted them as soon as the entered the kitchen. Castiel had pulled a large folding table up from the basement, extending it off the regular dining table, and giving fourteen seats and room for the two high-chairs. Castiel was moving around one side, setting out plates and napkins, while Gabriel - thankfully having found a fuzzy, red and white robe to put over his Rudolph faced, skin tight boxers - followed after him with silverware.
Dean made his way back into the kitchen, quickly cleaning up the spilled coffee and dropping the soaked hand towel into the sink. It took a bit to find what he needed, opening up more wrong cabinets than right ones, but he managed without having to ask Castiel were things were. As he was heating the soup up on the stove he hummed to himself. It had been a long time since he took care of someone outside of work and he found himself wandering back to the earlier day dream. Dean actually missed having the opportunity to do it, the ‘domestic crap’ he always used to give Sam shit for.
“Excuse me, I have to…” Dean started. “I’ll leave you two to talk.” He all but ran out of the room, leaning his head on the wall once he was round the corner.
Sam smirked, eyes darting between Dean and Castiel, and Dean forced himself to keep his attention on his brother. He raised an eyebrow when Sam looked back at him.
They fell into silence once more, both of them enjoying the other’s presence and the calm around them. The path twisted slightly, the trees fanning and thinning out into a grassy area. Ahead of them was the river, the tide high for this time of year and the water rushing by and adding to the symphony.
Claire was in the progress of listing the order she wanted to try the games in when they walked through the front door. Anna and Amelia were quick to come help carry everything in, and Claire wasted no time telling them about everything she had picked.
“I’m not really hungry right now but we can still watch something. Just... not Game of Thrones, please,” answered Charlie in a low, sad voice. Dean bringing up Game of Thrones had reminded Charlie of how much she’d enjoyed talking to Sam and now she felt guilty.
Cas closes the distance between them and goes down to his knees. He wraps his right hand around the back of Dean's neck and pulls him in for a searing, deep kiss. "Hello, Dean," he whispers against Dean's lips.
“Okay, spill, pretty boy!” said Jo as she put her tray down next to him and sat down in front of it.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Dean said as he dropped his phone to the side and leaning over to place his head against Castiel’s shoulder, “I made plans with our brothers.”
“Can someone tell me what the hell is going on?” asked Sam, before lowering his voice and asking Charlie, “Why are you so mad at me all of the sudden?” When he didn’t get an answer from her, he turned to Castiel. “Cas?”
Dean tightened his arms around Cas for a moment, before getting out of bed and pulling on a pair of sweatpants- Cas', probably, by the way they fit him. Dropping a soft kiss on his boyfriend's forehead, he headed down to see what everyone else was doing.
I’m not sure how much I’m keeping in line with whatever everyone else wrote, much less than my chapter syncing properly as I’m working with writers more experienced writing SPN fics. This is my first SPN fic, so please be gentle.
“Don't whine. The department board said it was mandatory, and I already signed us up for the course that's for next Saturday.”
“That must be nice,” Dean said with a laugh. “Sam and I take a few days off, but we’re on call for any emergencies that might happen. What do you do for work?”
Claire put aside each of the angel ornaments, saying that everyone should place themselves or their families when they were ready. Amelia kissed her head and agreed, then handed over a box they’d brought of reindeer ornaments Claire had made.
Castiel groaned around his first bite of pie, nodding as he chewed it up. “You were right,” he grinned at Dean as he licked a few flakes of oreo crust from his lips, “this tastes just like Christmas Day.”
With all signs of nervousness gone, Dean said, “Hell, yes!” a little too loudly apparently, since now everyone else in the shop was staring at him. Including his mom, who was giving him the stink eye for disturbing the quiet in the shop, even though Dean could tell she was trying to keep the smile off her face at the same time. A little quieter he said, “Yes, I would love to go out with you.”
“Yeah, but they didn’t really have to. News travel fast.” Castiel paused and then asked, “Did you really tell John about us?”
Why does it matter when she did it? Charlie killed me because I told Dean all of her darkest secrets.
Sorry for the delay! The original assigned author backed out on the day of posting, so it was a quick scramble to get this chapter done! This chapter was cowritten by Dani & Cas (lotrspnfangirl & CassondraWinchester). We hope you enjoy this chapter!!
After doing just that, Dean put his stuff in the backseat and went to open the garage door so Castiel could back out. When Cas was backed the car safely out of the garage Dean quickly ran to the other side of the room and turned off the light, before closing the door and getting into Cas’s car.
“Huhh, I didn’t think about that,” said Dean before rolling that thought in his head. After thinking it through for a little while, Dean turned to his friends and said, “I can’t be friends with you guys anymore. You always eat my pie," before finally starting on his slice.
The last comment always got Dean the most… It was different, Dean didn’t know that Sam and Cas were friends back when he first met Cas and fell head over heels for him. Charlie, on the other hand, had watched Sam torment him for years and knew how Dean felt about him. Hell, she used to dislike Sam just as much as Dean growing up!
You take that back right now Dean Winchester or I swear I will kill you and I won’t use tomato sauce to do it this time!.
Of course, there was also the part where he didn’t want Sam to find out about it. Not that his friends would ever tell! Things like this just tended to leak out when too many knew about it. And since Sam hadn’t punched him yet for even
The next few hours were spent on the couch, watching some old reruns, as he waited for Castiel. Every now and then his phone would ping with new messages from his friends about what was going on in school, or in Ash's case, some random conspiracy theories he’d found. In the background, he listened to his mom run around the house to make it spotless, torn between grateful he didn’t have to clean and itching to get up and help her. Every little dust bunny had to go, though Dean had no doubt his grandmother would find the one that got away. He contemplated getting out of her way and going back to his room, but the short journey from his mom’s room to the living room had been exhausting. It wasn’t worth risking the stairs unless he had to. Besides, Castiel would be there soon.
“And you,” replied Castiel before Mary made her way back to the kitchen. Castiel reached for the door before turning back to Dean. “I must get going. Thank you, Dean, I had fun tonight and I’m really looking forward to Saturday.”
“Are the two of you five?” called Mary with a smile on her face. Charlie and Dean sent Mary their most innocent smile as they went to work.
“Well, you’re obviously still distraught so I think you should head home early. In fact, I’d leave now if I were you.” There’s a mischievous spark in Balthazar’s eyes and Dean fights his temptation to tell the guy not to be such a goddamn asshole. But being given permission to head home early, via the home of the guy he is totally
On Saturday morning, he woke up two hours before his alarm was supposed to go off. After tossing and turning, wide awake, in bed for the next half hour, he finally gave up on trying to get more sleep. When he sat up, he couldn’t help but cringe when he noticed the complete mess that was his room. There were clothes everywhere. Not that he was surprised... he’d pretty much emptied his entire closet last night trying to find something to wear. Normally he would’ve just asked Charlie to pick something for him; he’d even tried to call Charlie five times last night, willing to tell her everything if she would just came and help him, but she never returned any of his calls. He eventually found out from Jo that Charlie had some tutoring thing that she had to attend.
Castiel’s pace was languid, slow at first; he wanted to savor the feeling of Dean buried deep inside him. But at the first brush of Dean’s cock against his sweet spot, Castiel slightly quickened his stride. He gasped, loving the feel of Dean underneath him, the way Dean’s hands were practically worshipping every inch of his body within reach.
But… what was this ‘deal’ about? Was there something else that had kept John away, other than him just being a shitty person?
“Oh, no,” Castiel shook his head quickly, explaining, “I technically work for Homeland Security. I’ve always been an advocate for Veterans and Military Personnel, so that lead me to my current position.”
.” Castiel made sure to drop his voice an octave or two as he said Dean’s name, and he was rewarded for that effort with a barely audible gasp.
“Sure,” she said as she put her book down and accepted the armful of stuff. “But why do you have it?”
Sam nodded, his eyes shining and he looked up away from the screen for a moment, worrying at his bottom lip. “Luc noticed the second time he was over that I had tried to put away some photographs. I didn’t want to make him uncomfortable, you know? But he, uh, he told me that it wasn’t necessary. That she was a part of me and my life and that meant she was important to him, too. He asked me to tell him about her.”
He’d been so happy when the photo was taken, he hadn’t noticed until afterwards that all of his teammates were celebrating with their dads. Some of their mothers were there too, taking pictures as the dads hoisted their sons up on their shoulders or clapped them on the shoulder with a proud smile, but it was the dads that were laughing and shouting, “Did you see how my son tackled that ball from the other team? Just like his old man.”
“Oh, they have the real deal,” Dean promised, laughing when Castiel licked his lower lip. “Good choice.”
“It wasn’t funny at all. I had just found out my best friend liked guys! I was allowed to freak out a little bit, since I don’t know,
His stomach fluttered in excitement. A date night with Castiel was far overdue and he couldn’t wait until Cas was there. He’d spent the last two weeks asking all of the nurses and even some of his patient’s for good spots to go for a picnic, and a few people had told him about a secluded area by the river. Dean drove by and went on the short walk down to a grassy area near the water and instantly knew that he had to bring Cas there.
Deciding to start at the beginning Dean went back to the pages with the baby photo of his mom and him.
“Consider it pay back for letting me sleep on the couch, you have no idea what Gabriel gets up to in the morning.”
Castiel didn’t want to leave Dean’s side but he knew he couldn’t stay there the whole night. Mindful of Dean’s injuries, Cas took Dean’s hand and gave it a little squeeze. “You’re right, Mary. Will you let me know if something happens?” he asked without looking up from Dean.
“Well, yeah! Not that the teachers know that, I just give them a few nudges in the right direction,” said Charlie, quite proud of herself. “Anyway, we do the project together, that way Donna has to give you a similar grade as the one she gives me. Well, she will as long as I don’t tell her that you didn’t do anything, and I will tell her that if you don’t help me. You’re going to have to do your part -- like read the whole book, do research on the book and the writer, and of course, help me write the essay. If you don’t, I will make sure you get an F. And trust me, I can.”
“Right, so I suppose it was just my bad eyesight that saw… what was his name? Castiel? Leaning towards you every time you stopped moving, watching you as you spoke, looking extremely interested…”
"I am so sorry, Sam, Amelia-" Cas began, but Dean turned around and cut him off with a kiss. He wrapped his arms around Cas, and both the men snuggled into each other as Dean whispered into Cas' ear, "This is exactly what I always wished for, and I wouldn't change anything about this, Cas."
want to spend time with his family that day. Whatever he decides to do, we’re going to respect, right?”
“What?” and “He tried to do what?” sounded all over the room at the same time Benny said, “Shut up, Jo!”
“You’re evil, both of you!” said Dean after his mom started laughing and telling Castiel how much she liked that idea.
His throat was still sore, so he knew he wouldn’t be shouting any time soon, but he also knew his mom was close enough to hear him nonetheless. “Mom,” he said in a raspy voice.
Dean twisted his hands nervously, then reached out to straighten the plate of crackers and cheese in the kitchen island. Dean didn’t
“Not that you’re not welcome here, but is there a reason why you didn’t go home first like you usually do?” Jo asked Dean as they walked into the Roadhouse.
"Ahh,” Sam nodded and shrugged in Charlie’s direction. “You are one of the geek squad. No wonder I didn't remember you."
“If he wants to,” Dean mumbled and he could feel his face get redder and redder. What was even worse, he saw the moment Sam noticed it too.
“I kind of… I kind of have a date after work. But can you keep that to yourself for now? I don’t want everyone to know about it in case it doesn’t work out. Oh, and I won’t be home until late tonight.”
“Sorry dude, you’re going. Now if we hurry, we can be ready before the others show up. See you in a few Jo!” With that, Benny took hold of Dean’s shoulder and steered him towards the boy’s changing room while Jo went to the girl’s.
“Now, since we have a new student joining us today I will go over everything you need to know in this classroom again. First, I’m Missouri Moseley and I will be teaching you in this class. Second, I don’t tolerate any disturbances; you are here to learn, not to talk to your friends. Now, if you could all look at the drawing table…”
“Dude,” Sam snapped finally, slamming the mouse down hard enough to make Dean jump, “what the hell are you so nervous for?”
With a “You were gonna be gay for me?!” Dean jumped on top of Benny and whispered in his ear, “Do you still have it?”
“Dean’s-easy-sex-to-intimate-endless-love, D.E.S.T.I.E.L for short. Do you get it? Dean, Castiel, Destiel.”  From the smile on Charlie’s face, you could think she just came up with the solution to world's hunger.
Dean had passed out right before they pulled up to the hospital, and he’d been rushed in as soon as they got there. After trying to answer as many questions as they could about what had happened, they were asked to take a seat and wait. They had been waiting there for any news regarding Dean for an hour now and to say that Castiel was anxious was an understatement.
“Actually, I have never seen them,” Castiel said, like it was no big deal. How is it possible to not have seen the Lord of the Rings?
Castiel was completely dressed, his tie hanging loosely around his neck, but he sank down on the other side of the bed and reached for Dean’s hand, taking it in his own.
friggin steaks Dean had ever tasted. Which is why he wasn’t moving from the dinner table any time soon, and if the groan from the otherside of the table was any indicator, neither was Luc.
“And would you have answered?” She pins him with a penetrative stare. “I doubt it. You’ve got better things to do these days. Oh,
“Sorry about that but, you’re Castiel, right? You must be! Dean said you were the best looking guy in school.”
. Goddammit, why did Dean always have to be such a fucking idjit? Of course Castiel had organised it; he was the damn Medical Director. “Haha, that was just a test,” he said, hoping to reverse any damage before it was too late. “That was my way of finding out if you would be going.”
He has to give the decorator props, though, descending into the bottom floor is kind of spooky. When he gets there, instead of some weird den of vice, “Hell” turns out to be set up for performances. He looks around, seeing several tables around a low stage, all of the furniture painted a glossy black. The walls are covered in graffiti, with what looks like years of art covering art over more art. Posters advertising Open Mic, Comedy Night, and a local Burlesque troupe are plastered up haphazardly over the remains of other posters. Spaced around the room are Art Deco statues of devils holding up light sconces that keep the lighting dim and moody.
Looking through his notepad, Officer Kontos found what he was looking for and asked, “You are friends with Lucifer Novak and Alastair Heyerdahl, am I correct?” After getting confirmation from Sam, he continued, “Do you know what either of them were doing after school yesterday?”
“I’ve tried, okay? I really didn’t mean to laugh. She just doesn't believe me,” said Sam with a guilty look, one that Charlie was pretty sure was genuine.
Castiel turned it on and found a flat spot of the grass nearby to set it up on while Dean cleaned up their dinner and pulled out the pie.
The next day, while he was waiting for class to start, Dean was sitting on the floor in front of the classroom with his legs stretched out and his notebook balancing on his knees. He was slowly sketching out a symbol he had seen on a piece of paper, though he couldn’t remember where.
“I expect every member of the football team in my office, immediately, if they don’t wish to spend the remainder of their high school career in
Castiel looked confused for a moment, his eyes darting over to the garage before his mouth parted in a soft “Oh!” of understanding.
“No, and I’m not going to,” answered Dean immediately. He still couldn’t wrap his head around how his friend could go behind his back like that.
well built. Even though the guy was really, really hot, Dean couldn’t help but think about the photo of Castiel in the pizza delivery outfit.
I'm alive! I'm terribly sorry for the long, long, LONG wait. Holy shit, has it really been almost a year since I updated this story? Where did all that time go? Writers block sure is a royal pain in the ass.
“Do you need help moving to the sofa?” asked Mary, already getting ready to put the tray back on the bed.
After eating one of the best burgers Dean had ever tasted, not that he was ever going to admit that to Ellen or his mom, Dean asked Castiel if he wanted to try out the pool table in the back. Dean had grown up playing pool at the Roadhouse with his friends so he was pretty good, if he said so himself. After learning that Castiel had never played pool before, Dean took it as his personal mission to teach him everything he knew. The fact that he got to stand really close to Castiel didn’t factor into that decision at all. Dean was a gentleman, afterall!
Dean shrugged, but found himself hard pressed to argue. He only really remembered half of the adults names, and the only child he could remember, other than Claire, was Anna's daughter Sasha, simply because the infant had refused to be put down after she was put in Dean's arms.
“Shit,” Dean whispered, dropping away from Cas’ mouth to press a kiss to the center of his chest. “You feel so fucking good.”
“Since Crowley doesn’t want a school full of pregnant girls, and most of you are sleeping with someone, you need
“I used to think it was big enough, but how you managed to take up the whole bed is a mystery to me.”
“Of course I can fix it. If I’m right about what it is, it will take me an hour, two tops, to fix it for you. If you want you can wait here, or we can call you when I’m done.”
Dean looked up as the front door opened, Castiel calling out his goodbyes to his brother before walking into the house completely. He shut the door, but Dean stopped him just as he was about to kick off his shoes.
Charlie slowly put one of her hand on the door handle and her other one on the lock before she looked over to Jo, silently asking if she should open the door. After getting approval from Jo, Charlie unlocked the door before pushing it open.
A pretty bell above the door chimes when he comes in. This must be Heaven, he thinks wryly. The room is painted with angels sitting on gilded clouds, watching over customers. All the furniture is white and gold, the workers’ uniforms matching in all white. Despite still being early, it’s packed with people eating breakfast. His stomach rumbles, and with no clue about what to do next, he decides to get in line. When he gets to the front, the barista looks at him and then her eyes widen.
Dean licked his lips and breathed in deep. The smell of sex with thick in the air and the sounds of skin slapping wet skin filled the room. His gaze trailed over Castiel’s body from his sweat soaked hair to his flushed chest, down to where Castiel’s cock head was slipping through the tight tunnel of his fist. He couldn’t hold back his wanton groan at the sight and how it made his cock throb inside the tight heat of Castiel’s body.
“Awww, you’re the sweetest brother. I don’t care what anyone says.” Jo smiled and reached for the spare coffee.
The confused look that had been on Castiel's face melted when he saw Dean. "Hi, Dean!" he said with a smile on his face. Dean almost missed it, too, since he was too busy trying to figure out what his brother was doing there.
Even though Dean had only known Claire for a couple of days, he could tell that she hadn’t been quite her usual self. It hadn’t gotten past Dean that everytime one of her cousins had called for their Dad, Claire had quickly looked away or left the room. Call it personal experience, Dean knew exactly what she was going through. Putting the box he’d been looking through back before reaching for the next, Dean said, “Yeah, I think she just misses her dad. I was the same around friends whenever I missed my mom. Just let her know you’re all there for her and try to make her feel included.”
“Yes, well, considering I am the consulting doctor on staff and teach most of the residents downstairs...” He paused a moment, smiling slightly at the look of surprise on Dean’s face. “It's Castiel when I'm not on duty.”
“Maybe it’s best if you just go. Just give him some time and from what we heard, you should probably talk to Sam,” said Benny as guided Castiel towards the exit.
obscenely as he came. Warm come filled Dean's throat and Dean could only swallow around it. Distantly, he felt his own sweatpants dampening from where he came in them, but he was too focused on Cas' orgasm to care.
A pained expression marred Castiel's face. His breathing was still ragged, his exhales more wheeze than air, and he avoided Dean’s gaze. “I’ve had coffee.” At Dean’s look he amended, “Before I was discharged.”
Dean didn’t bother to look up from the chart he was pretending to glance over, as if her hands weren’t blocking eight percent of the page. “Yeah, and?”
And yet, Dean couldn’t help but notice that there was nothing that showed there was a sixteen year old boy living there. There were certifications on the walls with ‘John Winchester’ or ‘Katie Winchester’ on them, along with magazine covers featuring them separately and even together, but there wasn’t a single photo of or drawing done by Sam.
“Um,” he started, immediately holding up Dr. Novak’s satchel, trying not to picture it as a shield, “Doctor Roche noticed you left this at the hospital and asked me to bring it to you.”
He doesn’t even know where the guy lives, but when he tells Balthazar as much the older Brit just smirks and tells him that the office computers have more uses than just looking up porn.
Mary made it to the hospital shortly after John left. She was visibly upset, even more so after they told her what happened to Dean and then with John. Once all the drugs kicked in and Dean dozed off, Mary went to track down a staff member to get more information and an explanation as to why John had been called. Waiting in the room, Bobby sighed softly and glanced back up at the clock, waiting for Mary to return. After nearly half an hour, he got up to go to find her, knowing he would have to try to calm her down as best as he could.
Dean collapsed against Cas’ chest, breathing hard. Cas’ hands moved up, smoothing over Dean’s back as his legs slipped out and laid flat against the blanket. Dean’s chest was rising and falling in time with Cas’ his head felt light and fuzzy, but he felt so damn loved. He wanted this, for the rest of his life.
“The shop closed more than an hour ago,” said Dean with a chuckle as he started cleaning up on the table. “My mom is still in the back but everyone else is long gone.”
" Dean heard him groan loud and long. If he was more in his senses, Dean would have worried about waking everyone else up, but all he could do was moan around Cas in his mouth, as he felt him thicken in his mouth, ready to explode.
“She seems to like the idea,” said Castiel with a little frown on his face, “But don’t worry, I will only use positive reinforcement in the future.”
Bright, blue eyes met Dean’s through the branches, the man’s cheeks tinged pink from embarrassment or the cold. He wore a long tan trench coat over a button up shirt, his blue tie stuck on the branch pressing against his chest. Dean was momentarily struck dumb.
“I know a little Italian place that makes a mean meatball,” Dean started, glancing over at Castiel. The other man nodded, accepting, but didn’t have that spark Dean was looking for. “Or we could do something a little simpler… There’s a great diner that makes the biggest bacon cheeseburgers.”
The body next to him hesitated, but got up eventually. A short time later, before Dean could muster up the energy to take the hood off his head, he heard the sound of the car driving away, leaving him in the middle of nowhere.
“Er… sorry. This is for Doctor Novak.” Dean lifted the cups away from Jo, as her face fell. He turned around and started towards room two-oh-five.
“No,” Casitel shook his head, “my brother Gabriel refuses to have a real tree. She just knows that I, uh, don’t usually decorate my home. It seems… fruitless to decorate when it’s just me, and I spend the holidays away from home.”
Dean and Sam had come over to Cas' place to spend Christmas with his family, and somehow, none of the guests left afterwards; so Dean was surprised to see that out of so many people, he was the first one to be awake. Smiling to himself, Dean started the coffee machine, letting the pot fill up, as he took out the ingredients to make everyone eggs and hash browns for breakfast.
The person had his head buried in a book in front of him, which explained why Dean hadn’t seen him. Even though the trench coat was a dead give away, Dean would have recognized Castiel straight away without it. He was so deep into the book that he didn’t notice Dean until one of the mugs of hot cocoa was slid beside his book.
Castiel smiled back before he turned back towards Mr. Deveraux to address him, “Mr. Devereaux, I think this is enough about my life. I mean, I’m sure you have something better to teach us then how to spy on teenagers on the internet.”
“No, I’m not tired. I think I’m just gonna try finding something to watch before Cas gets here,” Dean said as he pulled the comforter off him, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed.
Castiel and Gabriel were almost at the bed when Dean finally noticed them. “Cas! Where did you come--you just popped up!” Dean said and tried, or at least that was Castiel thought he was doing, to use his hands to somehow demonstrate Cas materializing into thin air before he got distracted by his cast yet again.
Dean stopped in his tracks, immediately looking around for the deep timbre singing. He spotted a man, half buried between two Balsam firs, surveying the base of the large, round tree he was holding.
“Yes and no,” Castiel answered, nodding to a tree further down. “I like the looks of that one, but there’s a little boy running to grab his parents now. We were looking at it together and he said it was ‘it’. I think,” Castiel smiled as the boy returned at the end of the aisle, tugging his father’s hand along with him, “I will let ownership of that tree slide.”
Sam nodded and Castiel blew out a breath. Luc had pissed him off a time or two, Castiel himself had even threatened to stop talking to his brother more than once, but it never lasted longer than a week at most. He’d only caught bits and pieces of the story from Luc’s recounting and from bits of conversation when Sam’s left his brother voicemails, but seeing how distraught Sam was was good enough for him to never threaten not speaking to his brother again.
“Other son? What are you talking about? Sam would have told me if he had a brother.” Castiel looked confused. Dean couldn’t tell if he was hurt by the fact that Sam hadn’t told him or if Cas thought that Dean was lying to him.
The heat from the sun was the first thing he was aware of, a fine sheen of sweat decorating his skin. He almost resisted the urge to throw the blanket off; he was still comfortable enough that sleep was still possible… Then, he heard the sound that woke him to begin with.
“You were the only one that hadn’t figured it out. I’d always figured Ash would be the last one,” said Charlie with her tongue sticking out in concentration. “It was kind of funny, when you think about it.”
As they sat down, Dean took a moment to run his hands over the cherry-red table made from the hood before letting his eyes wander around the place. After getting his fill, they finally settled on Castiel. “This place is awesome, Cas.”
"You just gonna stand there?" Dean asked, raising a brow at his brother before bending down to retrieve the socks he'd kicked off in the middle of the night from the floor.
Dean smiled and drummed against the steering wheel, taking solace in the comfortable silence that had fallen between them. He didn’t feel an intense need to fill the air with small talk, though he
“And I’m sorry about yours,” replied Dean as he turned onto a new street, before shooting a quick glance towards her. ”I know it’s not easy having other kids with both their parents around. Especially at this time of year.”
A part of Dean couldn’t help but think that the class need to hear about the dangers of unprotected sex in order to save some poor kid from growing up like he did, but John was not the right person for the job. It also did not mean that he had to sit there and listen to John talk about how Dean being born was the worst thing that ever happened to him and Mary.
“What?” Dean blinks at him, stepping back again. “I don’t have a clue what you’re talking about. Castiel is my patient and I wanted to check on him. It’s my
Sam somehow convinced both Luc and Dean to give up their fight over the pie plate and served them all healthy, smashed, but delicious slices, while Castiel went to the kitchen to get whipped cream.
To be honest, Dean didn’t really pay any attention to the movie. He was way too busy watching Cas. In his defense, Castiel kept looking at him when Sam wasn’t talking in his ear. Which wasn’t that often anymore since Charlie kept telling Sam to be quiet and watch the movie. If there had been any doubt about Castiel fitting in, it was gone. He was just as much a geek as the rest of them, even more so than Benny and Jo.
Dean was saved from having to answer thanks to a patient’s call light. As Jo walked away from the desk, she called back to him, “And mom says to come home for dinner once in awhile, for Christ's sake.”
Dean snorted and shook his head, shifting his weight as he pressed the saw deeper into the trunk. “Almost…” he muttered, giving a few more strokes before the saw cut through the end. “Perfect,” Dean said as he straightened, stretching his back before smiling at Cas. “She’s ready for the stand now.”
As they opened the door to leave, Mary’s soft voice came from behind them. “Boys, thank you for everything.”
Those four short words short circuited Dean’s brain. All the possibilities of what they could mean rattled around inside his head. Did Cas want to come over for a cup of coffee? A night cap? Watch a movie? Or...
“Lets see, you know how when I showed up to school yesterday someone had broken the lock on my locker so I couldn’t get it open?” There were collective nods around the table so he continued, “I found out that my essay I’d left in there was due today and now it’s missing! Because I was looking for it, I was five minutes late to Mr. Roman’s class, so he tore me a new one in front of everyone. Of course he didn’t believe that my essay had been stolen, but because I told him he could ask the office about my locker, he agreed to give me until tomorrow to turn in my essay. It took me a week to write it the first time!” He sighed, frustrated, before banging his head on the table.
Aside from the sign that said “Restaurant” above the door and the few picnic tables on the lawn next to it, there was nothing that indicated that you could find a restaurant here. There hadn’t even been a sign where you got off the main road.
For Pete’s sake, he was Dean fucking Win -- Maybe he should just change his last name already. His mom had suggested it when he was younger and his grandparents made sure to bring it up every time he saw them. It wasn’t like Sam or John were quiet about how they felt about Dean using the name...
“Uncle Gabe brought Kali to Christmas last year when they were only dating,” she pressed on, “so wouldn’t that mean Uncle Cas can bring
me, knows I’m gay. I just don’t shout it from the rooftops. If someone were to straight out ask me, I wouldn’t lie.”
A number of "Hell yes!" from the jocks accompanied by a groan from the nerds could be heard echoing in the large gym space.
“It said 911, it could be important! Besides, where’s your sense of adventure?” a second person, way too happily and loudly, replied. Dean closed his eyes, fighting to place that voice as well. He knew them, both of them, but from where?
Cas looked pained. “Jimmy and Gabriel held their own private intervention, after years and years of possibly the worst marriage ever. Daphne was so… so angry. And she had a right to be. None of it was fair to her. We had a scouring divorce, and she took everything I owned because I refused to fight her for it. Amelia never forgave me for hurting her friend, but she’s at least down to a dull roar. She doesn’t keep Claire from me, and she’s civil.”
“Uncle Cas is my business,” Claire argued back, dropping down to her knees in front of the coffee table, facing the couch. “He’s
wonky or is it me?" Dean squints at the lights, glances up at the sky. It's almost dusk, and everyone but Sam is here. He's handed out all the signs, made sure everyone is in position and ready. It's got to be perfect.
“Claire,” Amelia interrupted again, placing the bowl of cranberries she was stringing onto the coffee table and standing from the couch, “don’t you think it's up to your Uncle to invite Dean if he wants him there?”
Dean made his way over to the board after making sure that Sam was really gone. He was in no mood to deal with him today. He quickly found the list, which happened to be the gym one, that had
“You love me,” Charlie quipped back, holding the box out. Dean hesitated for a moment before reaching in and grabbing himself a handful. “So, tell me what happened. You know for a fact I’m going to get it out of you, and if you're as tired as you claim to be, you’ll just go ahead and tell me now so that we can go to sleep.”
“Oh, I didn’t even consider that,” Castiel said softly, his brows furrowing for a moment. “I’m going to need to get some decorations…”
“Don’t act offended, Cassie. I’m thrilled you two decided to get your heads out of your ass and actually do something. But I actually came here to see if you needed assistance with anything.”
Things between him and Sam had been weird since Sam found out about Dean’s relationship with Castiel. The day after Castiel told Sam, his half-brother cornered Dean after school, telling him in his own not so charming words, that ‘as far as Castiel would ever know he was going to be a good friend and not make a big deal out of this... but Dean should
As he bent to pick it up, he saw it was a brown leather journal with a sticky note on it. All the note said was
It was a week later in regularly scheduled gym class, that coach Turner would announce who got in the extra class and who didn't. Dean was in a pretty good mood when he and Benny walked into the gym. His good mood was ruined the moment he saw John talking to coach Turner.
Having a sudden moment of clarity, Dean said “Bedroom, Cas. We don’t have lube here and I’m not really into the whole fucking each other dry thing.”
He laid his hands flat on the top of the blanket, thinking back to the kind, attractive man he had gotten to see over the last two days. Holding a grudge didn’t seem like something he would do…
Dean, who was now lying on the floor trying to get the magazine with the help of Jo and two pens, turned his head to look back at Benny. “So you gave me a condom and a banana instead?”
"The sign," Fergus said after a moment, bringing Dean and Sam's attention to him, "it was ruined a good decade or so back, wasn't it?" At the brother's nods, Fergus gave them a smile. "I want to restore it, remake it if I need to. That old metal one you have now just doesn't do your shop justice."
“I didn’t know you were seeing him!” Sam’s surprised, but not angry. It touches off an already raw nerve.
“Save your excuses, boy.” Ellen’s voice, although tight with pain, rings out strongly from behind Bobby who steps aside to let Dean near her. “Is this the length I have to go to now to see my surrogate son?” She gestures down at her ankle which is swollen purple and black and definitely looks broken in Dean’s opinion. He swallows hard at the thought of how much pain she must be in.
Dean thought to his own relationship with Sammy, how they’d had their fair share of disagreements over the years, including the year and a half they only spoke via text. He can’t even remember the fight now, but he remembered how heavy he’d felt until they both pulled their big boy pants on and got over it.
They had to have connections with people in high places, that was for sure. But as he glanced up at the cool gaze of the Officer before him, Sam knew it was definitely not with this officer, and that made him happy. Not for the first time, Sam wondered why he was friends with these people.
Was that a hint of worry in his voice? thought Castiel. No, that couldn’t possibly be it. From everything he had learned since moving to town, one thing was perfectly clear: John Winchester hated his oldest son. Right?
Dean hadn't been in a hurry to sign up for the extra gym class, especially since the information board had been surrounded all week. So Dean decided to wait until after school when everyone was gone. He knew he would get in whether he was on top of the list or the bottom. The school coach had been asking him for a while to join any school sports team that he wanted; apparently he was a natural in every sport the school had to offer.
Sam. In fact, he’d become one of her closest friends. But Dean was her best friend and he didn’t deserve what happened to him. Sam might be trying to lay off Dean, but his friends never would. And as long as Sam couldn’t see that? Then… then there was no hope for Sam.
“Merry Christmas,” Dean echoed, waving at the kids in the backseat before clapping Sam on the shoulder. “Get back to work, bitch.”
“Hey, Claire,” Castiel laughed as he bent his knees and stood again, his niece in his arms. The smile on his face had Dean smiling just as wide. “Amelia,” Castiel continued, shifting Claire onto his hip and holding out an arm. A woman stepped forward and fell into the hug.
“No, I mean it. It’s not even seven and you’re up. I don’t think that’s ever happened. Is the world ending or something that I don’t know about?” Mary asked seconds before she noticed the state of his room. “What the heck happened in here? Do we have a poltergeist in the house?”
The shower was spent softly making out and washing each other carefully. After the shower, Dean was feeling light and playful. He took a single towel and wrapped it around both their waists, holding Cas close and breathing his scent mingled with Dean’s body wash.
“Don’t look so frightened, Winchester. I already gave that anal abscess lance to Doctor Tarbot, you’re safe.”
“Then who’s going to be Cas’ best man?” asked Dean jokingly as he got up to follow her out of the library, glad to finally have his best friend back.
“Sure you are,” answered Sam and it was clear he didn’t believe that for a second. “Look, can we just forget that happened and get back to work?”
After taking a big bite of his food, Dean, with his mouth full, said, “I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Dean responded by hooking his fingers through the belt loops on Cas’ pants and pulling him closer. He leaned in and pressed a small, tentative kiss on Cas’ lips. He pulled back and looked at Cas, who nodded, so Dean surged forward and kissed him again, his tongue darting out to taste.
Unable to handle any more teasing, Dean quickly reached behind Cas to untie the apron. At the same time Cas lifted him up on to the counter and pulled down his sweats with a swift jerk, making his erection sap against Dean’s stomach and jerk wildly at the sensation.
Turned out he was right, the pile next to her was all games she wanted to try. Making their way back towards the Impala with an armful of board games in the snow was easier said than done and caused Dean to almost fall a couple of times. The last time had Claire in tears from laughter that Dean soon joined in.
Castiel snorted but reached for Dean’s discarded jeans, finding the small foil packet of lube. He tossed it onto the blanket before crawling back up Dean’s body.
He’d been hoping that had been a dream, or a nightmare’s more like it. “No, I might have let it slip that I have a boyfriend... but I didn’t tell him that it was you.”
“Sam.” Cas replied with a nod, leaning forward to shake Sam’s hand, before wrapping it around Dean’s waist once again.
your regular gym class. The ones not on the list are still required to show up for their regular gym class. Am I clear?"
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel let go of Dean’s hands and wiped his eyes quickly before smiling at the tree as Dean lifted it and started towards the Impala. “I think Claire is really going to love that tree.”
Dean’s hips thrust upward meeting him, driving his cock deeper and Castiel moaned when the head of Dean’s cock hit his prostate once again. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut as his head tilted back and he cried out in sheer unadulterated pleasure.
,” Cas leaned in to whisper against Dean’s ear, his arm warm where it pressed against Dean’s. Dean suppressed a shiver and smiled wider.
“Yeah, there it is.” Dean sneers a little, still refusing to look in Sam’s eyes. “Tell it like it really is, Sammy.”
“No,” Sam shook his head, “they said they were getting together with some of the guys from the football team. Apparently they had plans and were gonna catch up with me later. I honestly didn’t really care what they were doing.”
The next hour and half was spent watching Bobby rewinding and shouting at the TV. When Dean scored the final goal, he had jumped up from the couch and in all the commotion, emptied his beer glass all over Dean and Mary.
Well, wasn’t this fan-fucking-tastic? As if things weren’t bad enough between Sam and him, now he had been hitting on his new boyfriend.
“Yeah, I will see you then.” Castiel sent Dean a smile before he turned around and walked over to Sam’s table. Dean took a quick look to see if any of his friends were there yet. Unfortunately, their table was empty so it looked like he would have to wait for them alone. He grabbed some food and took his normal seat. As he picked apart his sandwich, Dean went over everything that had just happened.
Something told Dean that Benny wouldn’t appreciate it if he reached across the table and kissed him right then and there. Plus, he was pretty sure Castiel, who was looking over to them, wouldn’t like that either.
He rubbed his hand across the back of his neck, a sheepish grin overcoming his face. “Sorry, I uh... shoe was untied.” Never mind the fact that his shoes didn't have laces. Dean cleared his throat twice, gesturing at the confetti of paper on the floor. “Sorry, I'll grab them, you can't get up.”
“Who the hell asked you?” asked John but Bobby acted like he couldn’t even hear him and made a beeline to the bed.
“Mom, it’s late, its been a very long day and I have to get up early tomorrow. I just want to go to bed and you should, too. You look really tired.”
This was far from it being the first time that Sam’s name had put a stop to his mom’s words of wisdom. His mom hated talking about the Winchester’s as much as Dean, if not more.
“None of your business,” said Dean as he pulled his covers higher up around him, looking everywhere but at his father. Even if it might bite him in the ass later, Castiel moved back towards Dean and took his hand in his. He could feel John’s angry gaze on their hands but the smile Dean sent his way as he squeezed his hand was worth it.
Dean moved with him, rolling his hips up every few strokes, his fingernails pressing almost painfully into his thighs. Castiel hoped he’d have marks to remind him in the morning. He shifted his weight, moaning loudly at the perfect pressure the new angle provided, and Dean swore beneath him, his eyes fluttering closed for a moment.
Another huff came from the man as he busied himself preparing the coffee. “Sit,” Castiel said as he turned around to face Dean.
“So, about that thing we were talking about at school…” said Dean quietly after making sure nobody - more importantly his mom or Charlie - was in a listening radius.
"That's pretty damn awesome," Dean finished for him, shaking Fergus' hand afterwards. "We really appreciate that, thank you."
Cas turned off the stove as he pushed Dean against the counter, bending to nip at his jaw. Dean groaned in response to the manhandling, his dick twitching in his sweatpants, pretty much begging for some attention.
“Unfortunately,” spat John towards her, and Dean visibly flinched, the drugs he was on making it harder for him to mask his feelings. It wasn’t long before John turned his attention back towards Dean. “What the hell happened to you?”
“Yeah, she is,” Castiel chuckled, kissing the back of Dean’s neck. “Her, uh, proposal to you wasn’t done in the best way but… if you and, well Sam too, want to come for Christmas? I’ll have plenty of food.”
“Dean didn’t see the car coming, and Eileen tried to get his attention… but her voice was never very loud, couldn’t be heard over the sound of the radio, and he didn’t see her signing. She…” Sam swallowed, looking up at the ceiling to clear the moisture from his eyes. “She died on impact, the car hit the passenger side. Dean had a few broken ribs and a fractured pelvis where he hit the other side but…
They ended up sitting there for a few minutes in silence except for the occasional snore from Ash. They all ended up huddled around Dean, Dean himself in between the girls and Benny sitting down on the floor in front of Jo with his shoulder touching Dean’s knee. That was all he needed to be reminded that they were there for him.
The fifth rule was that no one was supposed to impose on Dean and Castiel unless it was extremely necessary. Because of that, someone had to keep Gabriel busy so he wouldn’t get in the way. Since Benny was the only one that had already met him, he got that job.
“It’s fine, I’ll find out what is causing it and fix it for you. Why don’t do go and get it and I’ll go open the door, okay?”
“Look Cas, I know it might be difficult for you to understand... Sam is your best friend, but we’ve hated each other for years. He and his friends used to torment me growing up and because the gang were my friends, Sam would pick on them too. The fact that Charlie seems to have forgiven him for all of that is just…” Dean really didn’t know how to finish that sentence, all he knew was that he felt betrayed by Charlie right now. “She’s one of my best friends and he is like my arch enemy. He’s like Magneto to my Professor X.” Noticing the confused look on Castiel face, Dean decided to find another comparison that his boyfriend might recognize. “He is the Lex Luthor to my Clark?” If anything, Castiel just looked more confused. “The Joker to my Batman?”
“Of course I didn’t buy the car in the driveway! I bought the car parked down the street,” answered Dean sarcastically, before adding, “No, you know I don’t have nearly enough money to buy her yet.”
Dean wondered if he had succeeded in making every one forget about Charlie’s messages, but if he knew his friends they were just having fun right now and when he met them in school on Monday he’d never hear the end of it. But that was Monday's problem, right now, all he wanted was to joke around with his friends.
Dean held his breath: you could tell a lot about a man about the type of music he listened to. Castiel flipped through a few channels, finally settling on a classic rock station and pulling his hand back to his lap. He started drumming out the base to Metallica’s
Castiel’s thigh muscles burned as he pushed himself up and dropped back down over and over on Dean’s cock. Castiel moved his hands from the bed and back to Dean’s shoulders, wanting to feel his sweaty flesh beneath his palms.
“...good jobs with your teams today Mr. Novak and Mr. Heyerdahl,” came John’s voice as everyone made their way towards the doors to the changing rooms, Dean and his friends trailing behind. “Miss Harvelle and Mr. Lafitte you need to practice teamwork better, you let both of your teams down.”
Cas moaned a soft 'Dean' in his sleep, and unconsciously spread his legs wider, but didn't wake up. Letting go of one of Cas' legs, Dean pulled up one of his hands up to Cas' hole, and pressed the pucker as hard as he could without actually slipping his finger inside.
“Uh, appetizers and shit are out. Not that they’re shit, because - oh wait, Claire is a kid, I can’t say shit like shit and-”
“You’re right, honey. You go to bed and I will go to bed soon, don’t worry. Do me a favor? Try not worry about John or Sam too much. I’m sure it will be fine and if something happens, just let me know, alright?” Mary said with a smile, only continuing after receiving a quiet, “Yes, Mom,” from Dean. “Now go and get some sleep, honey!” She kissed the top of his head before she took the glass she had been drinking from to the kitchen to clean it.
For the first time ever, Charlie felt sorry for Sam. Just a little, though. He still was a major jerk who had bullied her and her friends for years. But... Charlie wasn’t sure a person could see the kicked puppy look Sam was pulling off right now and
Dean startled slightly at Cas’ sudden voice. Moving his hands from his face, he looked up to see Cas standing in front of him, hands in the pockets of his coat. “I know,” Dean said weakly, wiping his cheeks quickly.
That was a lie and both Dean and Mary knew it. Even if John wasn’t teaching at Dean’s school, he was always popping up in their lives, no matter how hard they tried to avoid him.
“Are you asking me or telling me?” Crowley drawled slowly. “Mr. Winchester, this is serious. Let’s skip all the bullshit and just be honest with us.”
He had a non-date with Castiel! And Castiel had pretty much just asked him on a date! How awesome was that! He couldn’t keep from smiling. That is how his friends found him, sitting all alone with a huge, goofy smile on his face.
"It's what they heard." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "I'm sorry. I'm really not good company I guess."
“Better than your plan! I told you, stealing his clothes is too predictable. But yeah, she agreed. Now all I have to do is get on her good side, that way I can split her and Dean up for good. That should teach him to leave my friends alone.” Sam rolled his eyes and then remembered. “Oh, by the way, you are going to have to leave Dean alone for a while.”
They sat there for hours, just talking. They had invited Charlie to join them when she was on her breaks, but mostly they were left alone.
Amelia immediately scolded Claire and Dean turned in alarm as he felt the bed shaking. Behind him, Castiel was laughing, the sound muffled by Dean's body before he pulled back and full on belly laughed.
Cas pulled his hand out and placed two of his come covered fingers to Dean's lips. Taking the hint, Dean wrapped his mouth around the fingers, and licked Cas' fingers clean of his come. He saw his boyfriend's eyes flutter close as Cas said, "Fuck, Dean. You're so hot. You're going to be the death of me someday, if you keep this up."
“You’re so welcome,” Sam replied, reaching out to open the back door of the van. The twins clambered into the back, and Molly put the youngest into his car seat, buckling him in. “Merry Christmas,” Sam said as he opened the front door, smiling as the pregnant woman climbed into the van.
A part of him wanted to call Sam and get him to talk his dad out of coming to the hospital, but there was something nagging at him, something that made him wonder if Sam had something to do with Dean’s attack. He hated himself for thinking his best friend was capable of something like this, but it was no secret that Sam hated his brother.
Cas sighed, squatting down beside Dean. “Of course not. Compassion and empathy are two traits that are honorable. But I’ve seen too many good doctors burn themselves out from getting attached.”
“Right?” Dean agreed, stabbing a large bite with his fork and scraping the bite through the chocolate drizzle on the plate. “I’m not usually big on the cream pies, but this?” Dean raised his fork and took he bite, nodding his head as he chewed. “It’s one of the best.”
crushing on? Dean isn’t stupid. He nods once at Balthazar, shoulders the satchel, and heads towards the staff changing rooms to stash his coat and scrubs and change into something that doesn't invite people to question him about their IBS or skin complaint the second he steps out of the hospital. He’s had way too many run-ins like that while stopping for groceries or gas.
It didn’t help that before John left, he had been a nice young man that didn’t have much, but when he came back he was a cold, rich businessman who seemed to have it all.
"What. The hell. Was that?" Sam asked, terrified as he turned from Cas to meet his brother's expression.
Not that he couldn’t use the extra hour, but he still felt bad about breaking his promise about working over time. Bobby had always been good to him the last thing he wanted was to let him down. Somehow, Dean got the feeling Bobby knew something that he didn’t. It only added to his suspicions when Bobby said, “That’s okay, you can go early. Just make sure t’ grab the keys to the Impala before you go.”
“The two of us were up pretty early the first Christmas after,” Castiel explained with a shrug, then smiled. “They were showing Ice Age on TV and we ended up watching it together,“ said Castiel before getting lost in thought, a fond smile broke out on his face. “Or I watched it, anyway. She ended up falling asleep on my lap midway through and since then, we have always watched it together. The rest of the family joined in soon after. It’s become somewhat of a tradition to watch it in the morning.”
As they all gathered around the dinner table to start playing, Dean noticed there was a different star on top of the Christmas tree. He met Claire’s eyes over the table, seeing she’d seen it too, and she smiled before pulling the first game out of the box.
Dean ran a hand back through his hair and sighed. At least he had a week to decide what the heck to do...
He was going to lose his license, he would never practice medicine again. If Cas could fire him, and his older brother was a lawyer, they could definitely revoke his medical license. And for that matter, Sam is sleeping with Cas’ brother anyway - and they just got to speaking again, so Dean would be a dumbass to even fuck that up again.
He’d heard through the grapevine -- Ellen and Jo -- that Sam had started a new relationship and that the man was ‘well employed’. He snorted. Medical Director was much better than he’d expected. Another Lawyer, sure, he’d even entertained the thought of Sam’s beau being an astronaut, though that was more for the consideration that maybe he’d relocate with Sam to outer space and then Dean would never have to confront Sam…
Dean quickly noticed the fond look Cas had been sending his brother’s way every time he and Sam got all ‘coupley’. And it hadn’t gone unnoticed that Sam and Lucifer shared the same look for Dean and Cas.
Dean loved his mom, he really did, but it was times like this that he wished that she couldn’t read him like an open book. Even though Mary would let him go to bed right now without saying anything, Dean knew that his mom wouldn’t sleep well. She would probably be up all night worrying about him and Dean couldn’t do that to her. He also knew that if he started talking to her, he would spill everything. About Cas, about Sam wanting to get back at him, about John’s new teaching position…
Since Charlie was still trying to process what she had just learned, Ash, who up till now had been doing god knows what on his phone, asked, “Wait! Isn’t that the guy that wrote the books Charlie is always talking about? You know, the ones about the two models or something.”
As he went to clean up their table Dean could help but think that as far as a non-date went, it had been a pretty good one.
Dean felt like he had just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. He quickly put his phone down before he started putting the chairs on top of the tables, so it would be easier to clean the floors later. “Sorry, Mom!” he called back at the same time as Charlie said, “Sorry Mary! It’s all Dean's fault.”
The worst thing was probably the fact that Sam must have told everyone he knew about Dean being gay. For the last day and a half, Dean must have been called every name in the book. Of course he had been called that in the past, too, but it was worse now. Before, they had just said it to make fun of him. Now, however? Now they meant it.
Castiel let out a shaky breath, turning his head just slightly to pin Dean with his brilliant eyes. Dean felt his heart stop in his chest, his mouth opening on a soft pant as Castiel just gazed back at him.
. He made his way to the cafeteria, making a decision on the way to pick up a drink for Doctor Novak too. He must like coffee - everyone does, right? But how does he take it? Sweet… black… milky? By the time Dean reached the cafeteria he was no closer to figuring out which type he should get.
member of the community – whatever that meant. He’d pitched the idea before Dean’s morning coffee, which was originally why Dean had agreed. It had been entirely unfair to ask him anything pre-caffeination, but Sam used that to his advantage and had booked it out of the office before Dean even realized what he’d said yes to.
“I’m officer Kontos, but you can call me Doug. I just need you to answer a couple of questions,” the officer said, slipping his hat off his head and holding it in front of him. “You were the ones to find Mr. Winchester in the woods, right? Mind telling me what you were doing there?”
The second reason was their "kids", Jo and Dean. Dean, of course, wasn't technically theirs, but Bobby had kind of taken it upon himself to be a father figure to Dean. When John and Bobby had been young, they had been best friends, almost like brothers. They had stayed that way until John walked away from Mary, and in turn Bobby for continuing a friendship with her. Since Bobby had gotten close to Mary when she and John had been dating, he considered her family. And you didn’t walk away from family. He took it upon himself to help her whenever she or Dean needed anything and because of that, Dean figured that Bobby felt like he would let them down somehow if he got together with Ellen.
“And leave me all alone with them? You would have to take me with you. Jo can just blindfold me,” Benny joked before getting serious again, “ No, somehow I don’t think he will allow that.”
“That would have been so funny if Dean had gone back into the closet and Benny had come out at the same time, like he tried to!”
“Who exactly is in this club,” Castiel smiled and then added, “I don’t have to do something weird to get in, do I?”
He cast a quick look to the side, startled as the door on the other end of the hall was slammed open so hard that it rang through the whole hall. It didn’t surprise him to see Sam walk in with Alistair and Lucifer right behind him.
“Gavin, can you go wake up Daddy for me?” asked Anna, as he walked into the living room, holding Sasha who’d just woken up from a nap. After a quick debate with his mom, Gavin eventually got up to go do what his mother said. Claire’s eyes followed after him the whole way.
Over the last year and a half, Castiel woke up every morning thankful that Dean was at his side, or that the bed was rumpled from his last sleep -- being on call or working night shift was
Dean glanced over at him again, suddenly hit with the thought of Castiel in his home; the attractive man lounging on the couch with him, a beer in hand and a movie playing, of Cas soapy and wet in his shower, then warm and crawling into his bed…
And I'm so terrible sorry that I haven't been answering comments for the last year. I have read and love every single one, I just haven't gotten to answering them. Bad me!
“I forgot to ask before, what kept you from bringing my stuff back on time?” asked Dean while he shoved the wet clothes into his laundry basket.
“You think being cheap and trying to injure the offense is going to get you anywhere in life? Fifty, in the corner, now!” Dean moved to the side to do his push-ups while Uriel stood up and kept playing like nothing had happened.
“You going to show me those trees now?” Castiel asked as Dean started up the car. “I’m excited to see which ones you deemed good enough for me to choose from.”
long time. In fact, from the looks of it, the Winchesters seem to invite him on most of their family trips.” Mr. Devereaux clicked away, pictures flashing by them from family photos Castiel was in, standing smiling beside Sam. “Here they are in Hawaii and… then on Iceland.” A few more photos and a close up of Sam and Castiel taking a selfie in front of Disney Castle blew up on the screen. “Here is their trip to Disneyland.”
Whatever argument Castiel had was cut short by a coughing fit and in his haste to turn away from Dean, Castiel knocked his coffee over with his elbow.
Dean tried to remember if he had promised Bobby to work longer that day. He was fairly certain that he had not and if he had, Bobby was sure to understand and let Dean off the hook this once. “Yeah, that works for me, I have work until six so that gives me time to get home and change.”
When Castiel brought he and Sam a gift, signed from Fergus and Anna, Dean immediately felt panic rise. "I didn't get them anything," he hissed to Castiel, trying to smile in case they were looking at him.
After taking his painkillers and then putting them on his desk, Dean got comfortable on his bed. Or as comfortable as he could in his state. He laid the journal on his lap and pulled the sticky note off. The first thing he saw were the initials
Dean wasn’t really paying any attention to what the Coach was saying at this point since he knew he that his name would be last. Having a last name that starts with ‘W’ had its advantages and disadvantages. Instead, he found himself busy watching John who was standing slightly behind the Coach with a smug smile plastered on his face.
“You don’t want to end up with a kid at your age, trust me.” John spoke the words straight at Dean, their eyes locking once, and it didn’t surprise Dean when he saw most of the class look in his direction. Some had expressions of pity, all knowing of Dean’s father’s hatred to him, but it was mostly disparaging, like it was all
“Lucas and Michael tend to play by different rules than the rest of us and try to conquer the whole board. It can turn ugly pretty fast, especially since Gabriel loves to cheat and egg them on,” answered Castiel as he shared an all knowing look with all the women in the room. “The three of them are banned from playing it.”
As Castiel once again turned around, he laid eyes on the only nurse that had been willing to tell them anything regarding Dean. Making a straight line towards her he asked “Anything?”
Dean pretended to look in the bottom drawer, when he felt Cas' tongue lick him from his balls to his hole. Dean yelped, not expecting the feeling, but pushed back into Cas' face, silently begging him to not stop.
The guy next to the bed had a smile as he said, “Good luck with that,” before leaving the room, leaving the door half open.
Together, they worked on it, Dean having borrowed the shovel from the grouch next door. Dean waited until Castiel was facing the other direction. Quietly putting the shovel down, he grabbed some snow and squashed it together into a ball. Eyeballing Castiel’s back, he carefully took aim and lobbed it right at him. It hit his arm, making him jump and shout out in surprise.
Charlie glared at his hand and ignoring it as she said, “I have less than a hour before I have to go meet Dean. What do you need help with?”
His narrowed eyes were faintly red-rimmed and puffy. Clearly something other than a dinner mix-up happened. Dean slid his hand down and twined their fingers together. "Come sit down with me for a second. Please?"
“I know you just wanted to help, but Dean, you don’t owe those people anything. It should have been Sam’s decision if he wanted to stand up to John or not, not yours,” Mary chided.
“Dean?” Charlie whispered, making him grunt in response that he was listening. “For what it’s worth… I think you’ve got it wrong. Sam and Castiel… they’re just… I don’t see them being in a relationship, romantically. Plus, Jo said Sam calls his boyfriend ‘Lucifer’...”
Dean swallowed hard and nodded, reaching down to place his hand over Cas’ and gave it a squeeze back. He pulled out of the parking lot, excitement swirling in his stomach as he led them onto the highway and back to Lawrence.
The walk to the car was pure agony. The other boys supported most of his weight, carrying him the entire way to the car, and helping him into the backseat. Castiel slid in beside him, helping Dean get comfortable leaning against him.
Dean gave himself a moment, letting both of them adjust, and then looked down to meet Cas’ eyes. He gave a tiny nod and Cas responded by lifting his legs, planting his feet flat on the ground and shifting Dean’s hips in the process, rocking him forward. Dean moved one hand behind him, placing it on Cas’ knee and using it to lift himself before slamming back down again. Cas let out a keening sound that had Dean’s heart leaping into his throat and heat pooling in his stomach, and he wanted nothing more than to hear him make that sound again.
pie?” asked Castiel with his head tilted to the side as he looked into Dean’s eyes. It was almost like he could find out how Dean’s mind worked if the looked hard enough.
“Okay, Chuck,” Dean bent down closer to patient, reaching for his arm to get his attention, “I know you’re hurting, man. We’re gonna do everything we can to help you. You’re in good hands, all right?”
