“You do. You do?”
“Yeah,” Steve mumbled into the curve of his neck, and Tony found the elastic band of his pants, shoved them down hard when the fabric caught agaisnt the head of Steve’s cock, and oh sweet God, apparently the man had gone commando underneath, because it was suddenly his cock that Tony could see, hard and thickly veined and listing slightly to the left, and shit, shit—
Of course, some eight hours later, his comm has gone haywire in the middle of godforsaken auction, and Tony had legged it, so to speak, to the southeastern coast of the Pacific, pushing the suit to the outer limits of its speed, and found Steve and Nat trying to wrestle a fucking kraken.
“—Marissa Gold, I know,” Steve finished.
“I’m not playing dumb, I don't know what the fuck you're going on about, Rogers.”
Steve’s hand slowed down. His breath exhaled softly, whistling in Tony’s ear.
“Holy fuck,” Tony mumbled, while a chorus of angels and the London Philharmonic started a symphonic orchestra in his head, because holy fuck, Steve was big.
He had felt it flare up then, that sudden riptide of grief-rage-no, and before he knew it, his hand had coiled into a fist and smashed into the nearest mirror, shattering it into a thousand pieces, a soundless roar escaping his throat, his mind a blissful haze of pain, and nothing else.
WHich was the point Steve pulled away to frown at Tony. “He didn’t
“How the fuck do you taste so good?” Tony demanded, and realized the thing his calves had bumped up against was his bed, there had been a bed this whole time.
. When did you get all—”
George tapped his shoulder, the one Steve hadn’t already invaded and occupied. “Hey,” he said quietly, “I’m gonna give you guys a little space.”
“So they’re deploying from Incirlik?” George asked Tony, who nodded, setting his phone down on the bartop, and pulling up a holodisplay of the globe, zooming in on Kazakhstan, the vast barren stretch north of Lake Balkash where the cold, barren taiga bled into cold, barren desert.
“I gotta—” Tony started to say, and Steve waved a lazy hand. “Yeah, yeah, go on.”
So, Tony started to say, that was interesting. And then Steve would have said, That’s one word for it, or maybe, Is that what the kids are calling it these days? because he liked to play up the ninety-five year old angle, as if he wasn't actually, horrifyingly the youngest person on their team.
it to mean. “Yeah?”
“Yeah, buddy,” Tony sighed. “I know.”
And Tony rolled his eyes, and pasted on a smirk that would've fooled God and St. Paul. “Relax, Cap. It’s a big party. I’ll find some company.”
Tony could feel the way his heart rate flew, the incandescent rage pouring off his skin. His smirk died. “Do you see me fucking laughing, Rogers?”
“Boring?” Tony suggested lightly.
Look, it wasn't like Steve’s reflexes weren't lightning-quick enough to have avoided it.
“Steve? Hey, Cap?”
He let his knees collapse, dragged Steve down to the mattress with him, and that was--fuck, ridiculously good, all that serum-enhanced weight, pinning him down, that cock grinding against his, Steve's tongue in his mouth, his fingers practically digging bruises into Tony's ass.
Tony glanced up at him, puzzled, tense, trying to figure out what that meant, what
Tony huffed a quiet laugh. “Repulsor blasts,” he complained lightly, “not
“Well hell, Cap,” Tony drawled, stepping past the threshold and kicking the door shut behind him. “If all you wanted was a little one on one time in the bedroom, you could’ve said that to begin with,” and then, “Yes,” Steve said sharply, yes, he said, just like that, rising up off the edge of the bed, and Tony's whole brain stopped working.
“Ball’s in your court, Captain,” Tony said, because what he actually really didn't want was to stretch up onto his toes, and kiss that hot, open mouth, and get decked in the face for his trouble. “What’re you gonna do ‘bout it?”
“Thor brought a thing.”
“You don't look too cut up about it.” Steve’s voice was a rich low murmur, and now Tony could feel the slow drag of his gaze, touching his bare skin like a physical caress.
“Tony,” Steve murmured. His voice was low, a rough, gravelly scrape Tony had never heard before, and it went straight to his cock, curled fresh lines of heat through his veins.
“Is that right.”
“So that was—”
“Oh.” Steve looked… blindsided. “I—”
Because that was a thing.
Tony blinked. Turned. Right, George,
“Nah, not really.”
“Whoa!” Tony exclaimed, catching him around the waist. “Easy there, soldier.”
That was about when his phone rang.
He levered off the bed, and went to the balcony, sliding the door shut behind him before accepting the call.
Steve chuckled bleakly. The set of shoulders was easy, relaxed, his hands buried in his pockets. “I wish. She wants some muscle, so.” He shrugged again. “You know, duty calls. You have a good night. Say hi to Marissa for me.”
“The...” and oh man, he was blushing now, properly, no two ways about it, the prettiest fucking thing Tony had ever seen, “the flirting. It's not right, Tony.”
Steve's expression shuttered then, sudden and hard, the crack of it almost audible. “I’m sure you will,” he had said softly, and that was that, that was the end of it, Steve had walked out of the door with nothing else left to say, and Tony had fought to remain standing.
“You— you—”
George twinkled at him, arched an eyebrow at Steve’s back, and then walked away, the bastard. Meanwhile, Steve was coping badly with the momentary loss of Tony’s attention.
“Yeah,” Tony repeated, baffled. “Whoops. Are you… drunk or something?”
“Ninety-five and killin’ it, Cap!” Tony cheered over the link. “Get it, hotpants!”
“How… the hell did you..”
“I'm, ah. Adaptable. Flexible.”
“Cramming for a meeting with the UN Secretary General tomorrow.”
There had been a couple of Cap fans in the line of fire, when the giant, malfunctioning penguin robots came climbing out the storm drains in Central Park, was how it started. Three idiot kids, too overwhelmed seeing their idol to actually get with the program and run away screaming like everyone else, and Hawkeye had alerted Cap about them loitering near the carousel. Predictably, Steve had charged in, herded them out of the way, except that was when one of the kids swooped in and—
“Oh, great.”
“--you’ll get your geriatric behind tossed in the can for statutory,” Steve retorted, and then sighed. “Area clear of civilians. Hawkeye, maybe try a sonic arrow. Widow, let’s get SHIELD’s containment unit closer. Iron Man, you know dealing with fans with a pain in the ass.”
you?”
“Right back at you,” Steve replied, and thumbed at his throat, choking his air just enough that Tony’s mouth dropped open, and Steve could kiss him again, and oh, that dirty bastard, was that how they were gonna play it?
And that sent a bucket of ice water coursing down his spine. It's not right. Tony could feel a sharp tightness draw over his face. “Not right,” he said blandly. “Why, Cap? Can't handle having a faggot on your precious team, is that it? Worried I won’t be able to stop myself from getting my filthy hands on you? No, no, don't worry,” he cut in when Steve’s jaw dropped in surprise, and he stepped into the guy's personal space with a sort of vindictive deliberateness, patted his shoulder, let his hand rest on that hard, defined stretch of muscle for just a second too long. “I’ll try to keep my mouth off your cock. It’ll be hard,” and the Captain looked gobsmacked, like he’d been slapped, and that sent a rush of angry pleasure through Tony, “but I’ll do my best. Anything else?”
“I don't— I— Hang on here, you weren't making those— those jokes to mess with me?”
Steve looked at him for a full beat. “
Steve sprawled back a little, arm coming over the top of the loveseat, and if it had been anyone else, if this was middle school and they were in a darkened movie theatre, Tony would have suspected someone was putting the moves on him. But it was Captain America, all apple pie, heterosexual, wholesome, made-for-TV goodness, and Tony quietly, guiltily pushed the thought away.
It's just that he had so completely not seen it coming, hadn't believed something like that could happen, which was how this kid, this teenage boy, blue-eyed and dakr-haired and skinny as a reed, ended up having more than enough time to lean over and land a smacker full on Cap’s astonished mouth, before scampering away with his buddies.
“I thought you were gonna find some company.”
It had been such a stupid little jibe, was the thing, not even close to the worst thing Tony had ever said, and he’d forgotten about it three seconds after he'd said it in the first place.
“You got it, boss-man. Hey, you know that one about the penguin who walked into a— Motherfucker, they shoot lasers from their eyes!!!”
He wrapped his hand around the head of his cock, thumb under the head, and wow, wow, okay, apparently this was a two-hand job, except for how Steve had closed his eyes, braced above Tony, and his hips were rutting forward, fucking into the tight clasp of his fingers, the head wet and shiny and Tony had never wanted anything in his mouth quite as badly as— “Yeah, that's it baby, come on,” Tony was saying, nonsense words, his own cock begging, aching for release, he was humping Steve’s thigh like a mentally deficient labradoodle, watching the wet, hungry thrusts of Steve’s cock, “Christ, I want to see you come, let me see you come, get it all over me, fuck, fuck Steve—”
“Marissa canceled actually,” Tony blurted, which was a lie, a lie, he’d asked Marissa if she wouldn’t mind going stag, because Tony had— had conjured up some bizarre, ridiculous fantasy of asking Steve to come with him, what the hell, what had he been thinking, and his eyes slid shut in pure defense.
Steve’s hand had slipped to Tony’s nape, a couple fingers sliding under his collar, stroking the warm, damp skin there. “Be nice to him,” Steve said, stepping in so close he was standing between Tony’s knees now. “Everybody else is having a blast. It’s no fun bein’ the only sober guy at the party, you know?”
“Check their joints, then. Widow, with me.”
what am I, a low-rent Superman?” and Steve waved his hand through the air, like
“I had some ideas,” Steve murmured, and their voices were so quiet, even though JARVIS had probably activated the locks, and they had the whole floor to themselves anyway.
“I thought I just did,” Tony replied, more than a little hoarse. Steve’s eyes were blue points of fire, dark and intent, and they stayed there, balanced on the edge of a blade.
And Steve seemed to breathe in deeply, and everything about him turned sort of hungry and intentional, and he said, “So I could do this,” and leaned in, holding Tony still, and kissed him.
Tony bucked against him, clutched those impossible shoulders, whispered, “Fuck, oh fuck, Steve, baby, you have to— you need to stop—”
“Well, shit, sweetheart,” Tony said, and his voice wasn't shaking, it wasn't, “if I’d known, they wouldn’t have been jokes, would they.” And then Tony clicked his jaw shut, because holy shit, holy shit, he’d just hit on Captain America, just openly done that, he was going to die, he was three seconds from being murdered, Pepper and Rhodey were going to have their hearts broken all over again—
“Tony?”
“Because I’m—” Steve was squinting down at him, like some kind of awful ‘09 internet meme about small, confused puppies. Tony wanted to fling himself off the top of the Empire State. “Wait, you really didn't know.”
Tony set the glass down, and balanced his elbows back against the balcony’s railing, hips tilted forward. He knew what he looked like.
“Because you're what now?”
Tony dove in, aiming a repulsor blast directly at the hinges that connected the head to the rounded body. Jesus, these were some ugly fuckin’ bots.
Which was just as well. They'd never been very good at words, and Tony heard what Steve hadn't yet said, wouldn't say, not until the next morning, with the air around them quiet and still, dawn's light filtering in past light, linen curtains in a soft wash of gold — “There's nobody else for me either. Nobody but you.”
“Hey,” Steve replied.
“What,” Steve asked weakly, and those summer blue eyes flicked down to his mouth, and then off to the side, a guilty little look that Tony knew so, so well.
“You’re missing a pretty great party down there.”
“That's what I wanted to talk to you about.”
“How was the party?”
“Maybe we should be putting you in bed, huh?” Tony tried carefully. His heart was starting to pound a little.
Or so Tony had thought.
Steve frowned. “You mean vodka soda.”
“Hey, yourself,” he said carefully. It wasn’t like Steve to come looking for him. He wondered what this was about.
“Hey,” he said, poking at Tony’s ribs. “Hey, I should get you that drink.”
meant, trying to look past the thing he…
Tony found the Captain in his bedroom, ostensibly waiting for him — which, you know, was very much not the usual. Steve didn't seek Tony out, not unless it was on Avengers business, and they’d just gotten through with a mission debrief from SHIELD, so that was out. Steve wasn't in uniform either, just sweatpants and one of those criminally tight t-shirts, the kind they didn't even make pornstars wear because they probably cut off circulation or something, and — and fuck, Tony had been staring too long, hadn't he?
“That kind of talk— It needs to stop. It sets a bad example for the team.”
“Figures,” Tony murmured, going back to his phone. Steve meanwhile was leaning farther and farther backward, to take in the last thirty or so floors above them, and the forty foot antenna above that, bending like a goddamn limbo player over the edge of the balcony, and then his foot skidded forward, and—
“...”
Tony had secreted himself away on the upper walkway that wrapped around the split-level living room slash common area where somebody had had the godforsaken bright idea to blast Party Rock on full — which, considering the quality of Tony’s sound system, was… a lot. He was pretty sure Clint and Darcy were teaching Thor how to grind, like the resident Bad Influences they were.
Steve slanted a glance at him, from underneath his lashes. His mouth gleamed from the possibly-cognac, shiny and wet, and his eyes were dark, fathomless, stunning. “Yeah.”
“You— What?” Tony stammered.
The way he was looking at Tony, holy mother of Christ, like he was good enough to eat—
And then TOny felt Steve’s mouth rub against his skin. “Steve?” he asked quietly, trying not to tense up.
Steve shrugged. His phone slid back into the pocket. He was standing up too. “We’ve met. She was fun.” Fun, Steve said, but with that flatness to his voice. “Look, I gotta head out, Natasha says there’s a recon mission off the coast of Chile. The cartels have upgraded to one-man stealth subs.”
“A peacekeeping force, or so the ambassador tells me,” Tony managed to reply, and then George was looking up with some alarm, and a hand was slapping Tony in the shoulder, and a too-familiar voice was saying, “Tony! There you are!”
“Oh I am going to
Loki started moving around me, spinning around as I felt dizzy from everything he was saying to me. At that moment I noticed that he was floating.
"Oh," I just managed to babble. I was sad for something that was not real. I felt great weight escaping my body and now it was a thousand times lighter than air.
Steve had also thought about it when Stark was explaining what his role would be, but it hadn't occurred to him to ask him directly.
I heard that he was asking while he entering my field of vision.
“I knew it! I was sure that under that disguise of perfection was hiding a selfish and greedy man. I hope you can live with your decision, Captain.”
In Siberia I did not fight him, I fought against all the feelings I had for him. I hurt him and I regret every day, and although he tells me that it was in the past, I know that I will never forget it.
The named Rhodey approached them and did something Steve never expected: he kissed Virginia Potts on the lips.
It was three in the morning when he finally fell asleep in my arms, as we both liked. Sometimes, it was he who wrapped me in his arms, other times, it was me.
Loki's gaze sharpened as I clenched my fists, and taking a deep breath I made my decision.
I couldn't really believe what Tony was telling me, less than a second ago I was jealous because of Bucky.
Loki vanished into the mist and I left alone in the middle of that room that for some reason seemed tiny and suffocating. What had I done?
“Do not misunderstand.” Said Steve, "I know this is a good opportunity, only if Stark is as ... as he was today, I don't want to imagine having to work with him every day. Apparently it is equal to everything they say about him in the press.”
“Cute cat.”
“You got me a cat.”
“If you don’t like her we can bring her back.” Steve said feeling on stronger footing now.
Tony stared at him, opened his mouth to stay something when he suddenly paused looking down at his hand. The cat had jumped onto the couch he was standing beside and was now sniffing at him questioningly. When Tony didn’t make a move, she proceeded to rub her face along the lines of his fingers.
“And I told you that U is a perfectly acceptable name. Besides U doesn’t have a problem with it!” Tony was a little indignant as he spoke crossing his arms before quickly uncrossing them to give the cat a pet as she wandered by.
"Apparently our newest member also believed that Pepper and I were a couple."
Pepper did not hide a wide smile
"You can't deny that your new boss is fun," she said, laughing again as Steve grimaced at the memory of his impression of
I never really stopped to think about whether he already had someone else.
"Shit," I heard him exclaim rather quietly.
"Then I think I can get to the point." Stark leaned forward, placed his elbows on the desk and put his hands together before looking directly at the blonde. "I'll be honest with you, if you want the job all you need is have oral sex with me."
Although an AI could be an excellent assistant to the genius, he just didn't want to have it anymore and asked me to remove everything I could. Tony did not want to know about the technology that he could no longer use as before. He just wanted us to keep a television so— our — daughter could watch movies, a music players, and a phone so that I could use it case of emergency. He didn't want anything else.
We lost so many that I can't remember all of them, and sometimes I don't want to, because that makes my sleepless nights longer.
“How?”
Tony was clinging desperately to my back and his nails were digging into my skin tightly, but the pain of that was nothing compared to the pleasure that enters and leaves his body caused me.
I had been in front of the mirror in my room for about twenty minutes. I must clarify that I´ve never been a vain man, nor did I care about my physical appearance aesthetically. I was a super soldier, not a model. But in those twenty minutes I had only been worried about my hair looked perfect, and my shirt didn't have any wrinkles that made it look bad.
When I turned around, I saw Loki Laufeyson. But who appeared in front of my eyes seemed a different Loki than the one I had known. His face was paler, and his green eyes were dull. This Loki seemed almost ethereal. I'm not sure if my eyes failed, but it seemed to me that he was enveloped in a kind of almost translucent smoke.
Pepper threatened him not to forget to eat this time, and walked away next to Rhodey. When his friends disappeared behind the elevator, Anthony spoke to Rogers.
“Aah Steve...”
Tony thought with a smile.
"Try to calm down," she said with a serious face, worried about her friend, "if you look very nervous, you will make a bad impression."
“Why?” It is more difficult, will you have the patience to train someone?
"Let me tell the truth, Captain, I am dead," he clarified, without losing his smile. “But the gods do not die as humans think. My soul is in a special limbo, along with other deities, and although I must say that it is the most boring thing I have ever experienced, they give me a tedious task. Give the saviors a gift.”
"Right now you give me the greatest revulsion in the world." Steve got up, ready to leave so he wouldn't have to bear to see each other's faces anymore.
I checked Morgan's room and saw her sleeping peacefully. Nothing in the kitchen, nothing in the living room. There was also nothing in the small study that I had to draw. I was about to return to the room when a strange cold invaded me.
He really didn't want to be alone. Wasn't it pathetic? He was supposed to be a grown man and yet he was more than terrified to enter that office.
Natasha smiled at her friend's expression.
That comment caused both Rhodey and Pepper to look at Steve, who was uncomfortable in a second.
During the battle I tried to stay strong and focused on turning away the image of seeing my friends falling in front of me; but there was something that made me lose control.
“Your language, Natasha."  Steve reprimanded and his friend could only roll her eyes “I can take a taxi, and at night use public transport. I will fix the motorcycle as soon as I can.”
“And why me?” I asked for. He had referred to Tony and me, but he was only showing up in my presence.
"Rogers," he said with a hint of humor.
Logically he must have misheard.
“Are you crazy?! He almost screamed, leaning back in his chair.
"Also, I must first repair my motorcycle." The blond continued and she quickly put her phone down before he discovered her. "And you know I still have a lot of debts."
“I see that, but I have a question, why a contest?” she asked reviewing again the announcement that they were planning to publish “I can help you get someone with capabilities without having to go through all that you pose, you are going to get bored of interviewing so many and you will explode.”
“How many times do I seem to be dead? By the way, your house is very ... beautiful.”
“I don't want any pretentious person who comes with airs of greatness, I want someone with no experience”.
"I'm a genius, geniuses don't need to know how to cook."
He was blind.
Steve quickly turned his head towards her, and looked at her like he was juggling an alien.
I felt nauseous at the time, and I had a great need to sit down for a moment. What he was saying was too difficult to hear. Tony loving someone else? Being with someone else? It wouldn't be Pepper, Laufeyson wouldn't revive her. But if it wasn't me, then who?
“Take good care of it, its category 2, so you have access to almost all areas of the company. I'd like to take you on a tour,” she said, standing up," and we save you from losing again.”
“Loki…”
"I want to see something, that's all." He sentenced opening his laptop.
“Wanda and Clint share an office. But Bruce work in the workshop he shares here with Tony, so we will give you your own office.”
"Then you're the famous Steve Rogers." Pepper looked him up and down with appreciative eyes, and gave him a sincere smile. "I've heard a lot about you."
“I suppose it was based on what Mr. Stark did first."
The receptionist who gave him directions seemed very friendly but either confused him on purpose or Steve just didn't understand.
I took everyone to their room and finished organizing the mess we had left in the kitchen. Sometimes I was surprised myself to have gotten that family. I was immensely happy to have it. I loved Tony with my soul, and Morgan was the daughter I never thought I would have after realizing that mine weren't women. Some days I felt like a usurper, I felt like I was stealing Pepper's place, but on those occasions Tony noticed it — he was blind, but he noticed everything that was happening to me — and told me that He had loved me since we have sex at Clint's farm, and sooner or later our destiny was to be together anyway.
"That man is an asshole, get out while you have a chance," he exclaimed with clear irritation, and then followed in his steps to the elevator.
"Beloved…" I repeated loud, kissing him before slowly getting out of bed to prepare breakfast.
"A deal, it's more like a deal." He corrected himself as he settled himself on the sofa. "I don't know why, but they understand that both you and Stark deserve a gift for your sacrifices. The fact that you have defeated Thanos and saved Midgard has kept order in all nine kingdoms. But have one thing pending, Captain. Nothing comes free, not even rewards or gift”
Thoughts of death, of loss, of torment, of the life separating me from Tony. Maybe that's why I woke him up in the middle of the night and claimed his body as mine. He didn't say anything, it wouldn't be the first time that happened. He knew that I was filled with fear of losing him, and he would kiss me until those thoughts were gone, and he would let me fuck him hard until the pleasure displaced the fear in me.
“Captain…”
And in the sun of that day, more than 9 years after that wedding, he was still sadly in love with his friend.
"I'm sorry for the delay," he said, approaching the desk and reaching out to greet the woman, "I got lost in the hallways and...”
Push one of the small two-seater sofas out for a better view, I sat down and reclined it a bit.
“What do you want of me?”
“What kind of deal?”
"Looks perfect, Steve."
He got lost.
“Well, changing the subject” Natasha crossed her legs, it was time to rest from the Stark theme “Sunday is Sharon's baby shower”
“What was all this?”
"Most probably, Tony likes Bucky."
"Steve, I don't think it's going to be your turn for now," she said as she adjusted her jacket. “Everyone who has entered takes around half an hour. The last one who entered is only about ten minutes.”
"I found out today." He made a move with his hand." I saw him something anxious in the kitchen and ended up telling me everything. Apparently they have a few weeks talking and ... he decided to ask her out
We spent the day together — although this was not new. — We saw the movies that Morgan liked so much, she was always in charge of narrating everything — absolutely everything — what was happening on the screen so that he could imagine it.
"So we started well," she smiled, feeling flattered, "I'm the vice president in front of the public, but soon you'll realize that I'm really in charge here."
"How long, Captain."
Steve sighed, not quite sure he wanted to see how Sharon and Bucky celebrated that they would soon have their first child.
“I'll be fine.” He said, cutting off what she had to say. "I will go on Sunday." He stated forcing a smile.
Pepper slightly adjusted her suit, informed her secretary and took him on a tour that Steve appreciated, he did not want to get lost again, and thanks to that tour he realized the true vastness of Stark Industries. Pepper was explaining several things related to his work, and she was quite clear about the things that he should have in mind:
"It doesn't seem so funny to me. It was extremely childish, as they always describe it.”
"Tic-tac captain, time is running. Decide now.”
“Does that matter?” he asked, being visibly happy of my restlessness “He will see again, he will have a happy life. It could be Strange, maybe a stranger or Bucky. Who knows if Banner? But after all, his sight will return and he will be happy with someone else. Aren't you the great and kind Steve Rogers? He will feel nothing for you, he will have no pain, he will have nothing to worry about. You are the symbol of altruism, of self-denial. You are the symbol of heroism, Steve Rogers.”
“And how am I going to know who he is?”
"It's a beautiful night today." He settled his hair with one hand and stared at me. "That always brings good luck."
"Let me get paid first." He began to prepare a coffee while getting rid of the first buttons on his shirt.
“I don't even know how to describe him”
My biggest nightmare was losing Tony Stark.
"Yes," Potts rolled her eyes, irritated by that, "there's no way they understand. But don't worry Steve, everyone reacts the same when they find out.”
I still remember how long it took to convince him that I would not leave his side, which I did not care about his disability. That I loved him no matter how he was.
That thought filled me with a strange feeling. What worried me the most was to get the courage to invite Tony out on a date, if he rejected me or not, it wasn't something I really wasn't thinking so much, my mind was so overwhelmed thinking how I could propose that I couldn't think of anything beyond of that.
"That all you need to get the job is go over there and give me a blow job, and that's it." Very easy right?
“How tall are you?” She asked out of nowhere, turning her face away.
“What are you talking about?” He stopped in the middle of the walk.
“Then you are…”
Now I felt really stupid for not seeing that before, Bucky must have liked Tony, and Tony….
“Do I look nervous?”
"Then you will be with him directly." Steve nodded and she continued. "They say working directly with Stark is not easy. And, well, according to your encounter with him ...”
Loki smiled again and this time, I know that whatever he tells me will be bad enough.
"1.83," she answered, confused by the question. “Why did you ask ...?”
The way he looked at me and smiled did not please me at all. I knew he was up to something, and that something was surely bad. Loki stepped back and walked to the sofa that was near us. I saw it better and now I can assure that the Asgardian was wrapped in a strange mist that clung to his body.
"Oh no, nothing happened that you imagine," he said, understanding the other's thoughts, "when he accepted, he obviously failed the test. He was offended because he failed, and went out fuming.”
"I hope you're not scaring him," was Tony Stark, wrapped in a dark blue suit, accompanied by man with a relaxed face and dressed in a gray suit. “You tend to be some intense when it comes to work.”
“How do you know?” I asked with genuine curiosity.
Steve smiled and watched her leave the apartment.
I wanted him to be quiet, to stop talking. He had me on a pedestal and I didn't deserve it, not after what I had done. I had stolen his chance to see again, to be happy again.
I felt a tightness in my chest and suddenly the air began to lack. I opened my mouth to breathe harder as my chest pain increased and I realized I was having a panic attack. I controlled myself as best I could, feeling useless and the worst scum on earth. I took a deep breath and headed towards the room feeling an indescribable need to hug Tony.
“I never doubted that, Tony."
We moved into a house away from everything, which was what we needed most. I really didn't care how much the world might need me at the time, I knew Carol and Sam could help as the heroes they still were. Bruce had also decided to stay and rebuild what he could and support others. I decided to hand over the Captain America shield and be what Tony and Morgan needed at the time: just Steve.
And there is no doubt about that.
I am not the example of greatness and heroism that everyone believes, and the decision I made not to tell Tony about his parents was not only to protect my friend - as I tried to convince myself - but it was also for revenge. I felt that if I had only been a "slip" for him, he had no right to demand I tell him anything.
Loki laughed, his laughter was so high and shrill that I was afraid Tony would wake up. He seemed to be genuinely enjoying all of this. The feeling that overwhelmed me I can describe as the biggest guilt I ever felt, but even if he asked me again my decision, I would say the same.
Out of nowhere I began to laugh, the situation itself seemed quite funny. After almost a minute in which I managed to control myself, Tony looked at me with great curiosity and wanted to know why I was laughing. And I decided to be fairly honest.
The mist that enveloped Loki grew thicker and green, and at that moment his smile grew even larger.
"It is my company, and the position for which you compete is higher than you think. For example, did you see the one before you?”
Well, Steve thought that was a little different. If the other boy had come out angry because he was willing to win the job that way so they would later tell him it was a test, he let Tony see a little better.
"But I love you. And to me, you are perfect”.
“You don't even have to ask” Steve answered as he got out of the car with an expression of peace and tranquility on his face.
I felt frustrated, very frustrated. I rubbed my eyes hard trying to take those thoughts away.
"What does my hair look like?" Steve asked, and Natasha couldn't help but smile. His friend never cared about his physical appearance, he was truly on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
He had also ordered a large construction to be built in the middle of the roof so that whoever climbed in the afternoon could hide from the sun and sit in one of the comfortable chairs. But one of the things I liked most was the beautiful plants that had been placed around the roof and that I knew, because I had spied on it a couple of times that Tony watered himself and took care whenever he could.
The fact that he prepared them made me even more happy. Tony hated cooking so much, that he preferred to order food at home, or wait for someone else to decide to cook and share something, even if he was very hungry. I had known it for a long time and tried to cook whenever I could and leave it with stored food that only had to be heated in the microwave.
“Loki…”
The room was filled with the sweet moans that came from his mouth, it was like music to my ears. No, that was more sublime than just music.
"He was furious." Steve recalled. "He told me you are an asshole, and I'm beginning to believe that perhaps he is right."
I managed to react just before I looked even more stupid.
Steve turned his head down the hall and noticed the secretary behind the desk. Behind her were huge doors where the interview would take place: Stark's office. The secretary was very pretty, with long brown hair tied in a braid, and very light eyes framed by long lashes. She had a small nametag that said Hope Pym, and she had paid relatively little attention to the group that would be interviewing his boss. She hardly raised his head from the computer to ask for the next one to pass when the previous one came out and got up from her chair to carry a folder with the participant's data. She didn't even look at them too much.
“God Steve! You are a stupid”
“Don't you want the job?” Tony asked looking truly serious, "I'm practically giving you a chance in a million."
"Please sit down" Steve seemed reluctant to do so, but when he saw that the other was waiting to continue talking, he reluctantly obeyed "Your project was very brilliant, I was even tempted to choose you immediately without having to do all this nonsense of the ten semifinalists But Pepper... do you know who she is?
The emptiness that flooded my chest had only been felt once before, and that was when I thought Stark had died from the snap that killed Thanos. Loki's offer might seem "fair," but it was killing me inside. He wasn't talking about killing anyone, but about taking away what I loved the most in life. Perhaps more than my own life, because since I met him, there was nothing in my life that did not turn around him.
And then, at that moment, someone spoke.
That was enough to make him more than nervous.
"I agree with that, Captain."
I heard Tony laugh again, I was fascinated to hear the sound of his laugh. He was with Bucky, they both turned their backs on me. Bucky seemed to be concentrating on something that was on the kitchen countertop, and I watched as Tony leaned over to see over my friend.
"I didn't know they were dating."
“Mr. Stark, this is the last one.”
Pepper continued talking to him, explaining well the work that he had to do, as well as giving him his own code card that he would use to walk between the offices. They had used the photo Steve attached to his resume, and he wondered if they had done that before he had the interview with Tony.
"The gods, Rogers, they can do anything. These are not the same as in your reality.” Loki stood up but kept his distance from me. "I can make Stark come out unscathed at the moment of the snap and Nat's life be changed by, I don't know, maybe Wong. I won't revive him anyway. And I will ensure that at the moment of your friend's death, be replaced by another person who was destined to die anyway.”
What was the first thing he did when he arrived?
He still did not fully believe that he had won the job position at Stark Industries.
It was five minutes before it was eight o'clock at night, but this time I was not enjoying the night sky as much as I had done other times.
Steve cleared his throat a little, he might be nervous, but he wasn't a vase either.
"So this is to form a work team."
The ride got longer than we planned, so I carried Morgan back and, although Tony assured me he wasn't tired at all, as soon as dinner was over I saw him falling asleep on the couch with his - now our - daughter.
“Why the hostility, Captain?” He asked, pretending to be offended. "Aren't you glad to see an old partner?"
An old habit that he did when he was nervous.
"Forget the word girlfriend, stay with the manager. You will already know her, she is a dictator,” he said, and he pretended to have a chill running through him. “She said something related about not choosing you just because you are very handsome, she believes that I only chose your project for your photo.”
Maybe he was so nervous about his physical appearance because of Stark. The magnate was known, among many things, for his extraordinary and fine way of dressing, with shirts that could easily cost much more than Steve's old motorcycle.
As he passed Steve, he paused for a moment to see the blonde sitting.
"I think even I have doubts about that."
"I will explain exactly what your responsibility would be in this company. As you already know, there’s two main pillars in this company,  me in the financial area, and Tony in the area of invention, of course. I have a work team, Wanda Maximoff and Clint Barton, you will meet them later, they are my right hand and between the three of us we carry that weight.” she paused, seemed to think something that had her worried “Tony does not have any team and that has always worried me, because he does not want to rely on the managers of the different departments either. He wants to do his part completely alone.”
"Then you're the famous Steve Rogers." Pepper looked him up and down with appreciative eyes, and gave him a sincere smile. "I've heard a lot about you."
I thought I should go to his workshop in the first place, because maybe he was working on some of his armor, but being in the hallway I heard a noise coming from the kitchen, and I recognized that it was his laugh. I thought we were the only ones in the Avengers Tower, but if he laughed, there must be someone else. I didn't think he was laughing alone.
"Not me," he said, almost spelling the words, "I wouldn't touch you for a million dollars, not even with a stick."
So Steve was almost 20 minutes late to Pepper. And, when her secretary opened the door to her boss's office and saw her sitting behind her desk, he had the decency to look truly sorry.
"It does amuse me," she laughed and ignored her friend's gaze, "but now we are going to be serious." she sat up straight, getting the full attention of his friend “it won't be easy for you to work with him if you can't bear that simple joke, didn't you say that it is a different position than the one announced?”
"You can go eat, for now I don't have to show you anything."
Anthony Stark was the main person in charge of the construction and planning of the projects and for no reason wanted to understand that he also needed assistants. He spent all his time working on ideas that he then turned over to the quality or production department, but he needed his own personal equipment so he wouldn't get too exhausted. A few months earlier, Bruce Banner, a colleague from Tony's university, had come to them when he lost his job. Pepper took the opportunity to make him work with Tony. At first the millionaire had been reluctant to accept it, offered him a high position in the company, but did not support Pepper's idea that he delegate part of his duties to him. Tony loved Bruce so much, but always said he was capable enough to have assistants. But two months ago, he had agreed to give the scientist more responsibilities, and even find someone else to help him with the designs and reduce his workload.
"This is your last second captain," said the Asgardian, getting quite close to me, "decide.”
I don't know if it was his words or the mocking tone in which he said them, but that sounded like he was finally showing what he really wanted.
"That means I won the bet."
"I am an intelligent man, my dear Pepper. I can change my mind." He replied when she asked again about his change of mind.
Both, he and I had come out of those battles carrying horrible dreams on our backs. He used to wake up in the middle of the night when his dreams were plagued by chitauris, the deaths of those we once knew, by Pepper and the darkness.
"Steve, did I do it right?" I came out of my thoughts when Morgan showed me the whipped cream hearts she had made over Tony's pancakes. I woke her up to help me prepare a surprise birthday breakfast for her father.
Tony was a genius, no one could deny that, but even the brightest geniuses needed to delegate functions from time to time. The two most important functions of the company were the financial part and the creative part. Pepper was financial and relationship compliant — technically she was the president — but she knew running a company like Stark Industries wasn't easy, and she had her own personal team: Wanda Maximoff and Harold Hogan. The three of them were the highest part of the finances, and then they leaned on the managers of each department.
,’ I was gonna say. You can
"Mr. Stark," Steve interrupted him in a serious voice, he did not want any misunderstandings between the two of them, "I want to clarify that I am not attracted to men."
Steve was the last. They went in alphabetical order of the last name, he was R, so he had to wait.
"Pepper said you where the cafeteria is, I guess," the millionaire continued, Steve nodded trying to remember what floor he was on, "I'll be in my office, when you're done, go upstairs.”
His smile, his sarcastic smile reminded me that the fantasy he was telling me would not be free. But if my friends could come back to life, and Tony, the love of my life could see again, what would I not do to make it come true?
"Tony," I cleared my throat a little, "when I went to the kitchen, I really wanted to ask you something," he said nothing, paying me full attention, his eyes shone in expectation, there was no turning back ... “Tony, do you want….”
"Oh don't worry, you wouldn't be the first to lose yourself. I got lost once looking for the quality department when they relocated it.” She gave him a wide smile and returned the greeting, and Steve verified that Pepper was also prettier than she seemed on television “but let me introduce myself as it should, my name is Virginia Potts, but tell me Pepper or Potts, I've always hated the Virginia. I am the main manager of the financial area. I guess Tony told you a little bit about me.”
I loved hearing him beg in our bed, between moans it was the only way to see that face of him that drove me crazy. Or one of its facets, because I was dying for the powerful, untouchable and sarcastic Stark that was in the day; as well as for its needy and submissive facet at night. For me, Tony was completely perfect.
My first logical thought on seeing it was that my family was in danger.
Steve was surprised to hear that, he really hadn't realized the magnitude of what his job would be.
“Do the gods have to give their reasons?” He questioned, and this time he did seem offended. “Let's just say that between you and Stark, you seemed more ... altruistic. And you need to be altruistic for this deal.”
But where I failed most and always going to regret is what happened in Siberia. After what happened at Clint's farm we had decided that it had only been a mistake, a slip of two men who were looking for a little affection and that we would stay as friends. And I will not lie, I didn´t want to be his friend. And that influenced the stupid decision I made.
“Yes.” he stated while looking at his empty cup, he was understanding what Natasha wanted to tell him. "It is not the position in the design area. According to what he told me, it is something like his right hand. He did not explain too much, he said that tomorrow the details would be better explained.”
Tony had modified the roof, and I had to admit that it had been beautiful.
"Shit, right." Romanoff exclaimed, suddenly remembering "How are you going to work tomorrow then? They gave me the night shift and I won't be able to take you. They told you to come at 7 for training, didn't they?
"Well Steve, I usually ask you questions about the proposal, but I already read it, so it would be stupid," he said with a shrug as he turned slightly in the chair, "and I also read your resume, so it would be just as stupid ask you anything about yourself. I guess you don't mind me skipping those ridiculous formalities?”
He ate a hasty breakfast and called a taxi as soon as he saw the time again. He arrived in good weather indeed, and thought that perhaps since his morning had started calmly and without setbacks, the day promised to be the same.
"Bucky instead ..." I sighed.
Chapter 2.
In the afternoon, Morgan wanted to take a walk, and although Tony always told me that he could go without my help —only helped by his cane— I was always on the lookout for anything he needed. Even in the woods he managed well enough not to trip, and Morgan and me always tried to keep up with him.
"Because Tony is not dead." his gesture became more and more sarcastic, and he began to shake his head “its life for life in the case of your friends. But in his case, it is what he wants most: his sight, for what you want most: his love.”
I was so nervous that my hands were sweating as if a waterfall were born from them. I had to write what I planned to say in a note and learned it, because I knew that improvising would not be the best option, then to end up inconsistencies and apologize without needing. I decided to buy a new blue shirt, similar to the one that he liked to see me on, but that was already worn.
Stark smiled again, delighted at the blonde's frown.
“You know? Rogers, at the end of the day, always makes me happy to know that you stayed by my side. I never thought I would be so lucky."
Her friend, married, with his best friend.
“You're dead.”
I loved to climb on it at night and contemplate the sky, and I loved more when I found that Tony was also up there, and we kept together making company each other for long hours.
And he ... He also woke up many nights with fear. But Tony just asked me to hug him and kiss him, because he woke up too scared and feeling too vulnerable to do anything else. And I filled him with caresses and said words of support until he could go back to sleep.
“Who ... who would be with him?” It was not my intention to babble, but it was inevitable. Just the thought of not having him with me made my chest ache.
The prestigious company Stark Industries was going to hire the winner of the contest in a pretty good position, something incredible considering the great importance of that place. For that, he had to send an original project first, and if it was among the best, he could go to the next step of the contest. The main problem was that considering the importance of Stark Industries, anyone wanted to work there, and only one of the hundreds of interested parties who applied could win. And to top it off, the final step was that the 10 participants with the best project would have the final interview with Anthony Stark himself to find out who would be the winner.
He looked so lovely when he smiled. He had stopped right next to the sofa, and that allowed me to see him completely. His shirt folded to the elbows and with the first button loose, gave him such a peaceful air. I noticed that her hair looked a little wet, it seemed that he had showered recently
"Today was a beautiful birthday," he said quietly. “Thank you”
"Umm Steve," after a while of talking about a tedious party he had to attend, when Tony finished eating, he laid his head on my shoulder. He was very adept at the physical demonstrations of love, and it was not the first time we were in that position watching the night sky— a while ago I saw that you were going to the kitchen and ... you returned.
But losing him was something I was never going to recover from, and I knew it.
That was something strange to hear for Steve, Stark sounded so melancholic...
"Tony or Banner, can be both. Although final approval is almost always given by Tony.”
"You're a fool Steve, you'll never look as good as him."
Hope motioned for him to sit in one of the comfortable armchairs in front of the desk. Stark seemed bored reading something from his phone, and paid little attention to his secretary when she left the folder on his desk. Steve could see that there was an ashtray with a poorly extinguished cigarette on the desk, and he understood that the strong smell of the fragrance was to diminish the cigarette smell in the office.
“Tony, what happened?” I asked with alarm, fearing he had been injured.
"I ..." That was going to kill me, "I don't accept."
“Ergonomics, durability and utility, you should always keep that in mind when making a design."
I felt like I was hearing wrong when those words came out of his mouth. Perhaps…
"I didn't understand what you said," he exclaimed, frowning. Perhaps he needed to clean his ears better.
“Where have you been?” His voice broke me even more than i already was. In the darkness of the night I could distinguish his face and his eyes ... those eyes that had no light, and that cause of me would never have it again.
Steve nodded and without wasting any more time in introductions, Pepper began to explain to him at first the operation of the company, everything that it covered and what was really wanted of him as a future worker. Apparently he would work together with someone else to lessen Anthony Stark's workload.
"You are very kind Tony." - I said sincerely, it felt good that he cared if I had eaten or not.
Every step I took was difficult, heavy, and stressful. And I knew it was that way because I was carrying the weight of my conscience. I tried not to make noise while lying down on the bed, but it seemed that he was awake and spoke as soon as I was beside him.
"I ... that's what the media says." He defended himself, feeling slightly stupid for some reason.
"For me, you were the winner from the beginning, but as I explained, Pepper forced me to do the tests thinking that I could find someone more capable than you. As I was forced to obey it, I decided to… change the questions a little.”
I opened my eyes feeling that someone was with us in the room. I quickly sat up, putting myself on guard and adjusting my sight to the dark. Tony was still sleeping. Although I didn't see anything, I decided to go out and check the house.
I had to make an effort not to be alarmed much. Tony stretched a little and stuck more to the other's body.
I had to silence him with a kiss, because his words were burning inside me. After a while he fell asleep, but my conscience wouldn't let me sleep. I had no remorse, knowing that if Loki returned, my decision would be the same. Maybe that guilt I felt would go away someday, I don't know.
“Do I disgust you so much?” He asked raising his eyebrows.
Not only was the fact of moving to a remote place the only novelty in our lives. There was another, and perhaps the most impressive of all: There was nothing in the house of the technology that once characterized Anthony Stark.
"Oh, you're the one from the Marvel project," the millionaire finished, breaking the silence, "I must say it's a ridiculous name, but a very good project."
"Steve."
"Well, you surely know that Stark Industries is always in the eye of the press." At Steve's nod, she continued," if we put what we really wanted in the ad, they wouldn't leave us alone among the many possible questions.”
“What right do you have to do this kind of tests on people?” He asked without hiding the reproach in his tone of voice. Did Stark think of himself as a deity above the rest?
From where she was sitting, she could see the kitchen fully, and Natasha shot him a photo while Steve was off guard. She had a friend who wanted to meet him, and she hoped she was the girl who made him forget...
He felt the secretary's heel click sharper and deafening than it really was, or perhaps it was his own heart that started to pound as soon as he got up from his chair and walked to the office. Office that in itself was intimidating of how immense and imposing it was. Stark was in the back, with his back to large windows that gave a full view of the city. His desk was mahogany with the company logo carved on the front. Anthony looked truly imposing. A strong scent of lavender filled his nostrils, surely with some scent.
The first time I saw Tony Stark, I must say that I felt a mixture between respect and restlessness. At first I thought it was a feeling of repulsion for his attitude, then I realized that his attitude always attract me, and that I fell at the millionaire's feet from the beginning. Our relationship was stormy and chaotic, and I have to admit that I am responsible for that. He always tried to get close, but the feelings I clearly had for him terrified me, and every time we were good I had to screw it up with something.
Stark smiled at him again and settled back slightly in the chair. Being so close Steve realized that the magazines had not done the millionaire real justice. He was attractive, more than anyone could describe, and he had the most seductive look that a person had ever seen. Those eyes seemed to want to proclaim themselves as the masters of the world.
“My project is very good” he answered slightly offended “and very well structured.”
"I don't like it, but he was somewhat anxious. He has a date with Maria and was thinking give her a homemade-gift."
Steve's face was serious, he seemed to have everything under control, but he was really nervous, and Natasha knew him too well to be fooled by his face.
“Did you prepare them?” I asked while biting one.
The mirror reflected the depressing image of a nervous man, without bearing and despair; That was exactly how I felt. All I wanted was to ask Tony for a ... date. Rather, go out with me without any commitment if he preferred. I took a deep breath and decided to leave the room, at least everyone had to leave, that made it easier for me to be alone with Tony, I could never have asked for anything in front of the other avengers.
Stark raised his arms, crying out a sound of peace.
I have loved, love, and always will love Tony Stark. And there is no doubt about that.
He also wanted to find someone who would finally get Sharon out of his mind once and for all...
"Stark ..." I could only babble, and I felt even more stupid if I could.
“And you just left?”
and I've caused too many problems for them already. I like that they have their space without me.”
"I'm just showing Steve the place," she defended herself, folding her arms, "Rhodey," she said, addressing the other man, "I thought you had a meeting at noon."
Loki gave a little laugh and tried to get closer to me, I backed away.
"You guys go ahead," Tony interrupted, remembering Rhodes's invitation to lunch, "there's something I have to show Steve."
Next to him was Natasha, who placed a hand on his leg to infuse him calmly and until that moment he realized that he was moving the leg as if pedaling in an old sewing machine.
"I've even received threats that I need to stop stealing Stark's girlfriend," Rhodey joked as he reached out for Steve, "but let me formally introduce myself, James Rhodes, the official boyfriend of cute Pepper."
And so, at 33, Steve was unable to get Sharon out of his mind.
"I'll give you Natasha and Bucky. Only those two. But also, I can get Stark to see again.”
The fear that ran through me when I heard that was indescribable. He couldn't be referring to parting with Tony, could he?
But what about Tony? He deserved that, giving him a chance to see again was the least I could do for him. He was the hero that we all needed many times, he was better than all of us together. I loved him, and I was willing to make him fully recover and that even with his disability he could get his life back. But that would never be the same compared to seeing again... And I swear it was sad to realize that I never thought about the possibility of seeing Natasha or Bucky.
Morgan knew that her father was blind, but sometimes the girl forgot Tony couldn´t see what she did. But it didn't really matter, Stark told her that he could "feel" whatever she did, and then he could "see" it. In addition, Morgan strove to detail every thing with all the precision that a girl of that age can have.
"Thank you for the compliment, Stark."
Whether or not Loki, what he said made me more uncomfortable. He had mentioned my house, it was a potential enemy inside my house. And in that house my daughter and my partner slept helpless.
"It's just ... my toothbrush fell to the floor and I was looking for it."
What would be my decision? Could I be so selfish to not let him go and condemn him to a life of darkness? It would be too selfish not to allow that, not only for him, but also for Morgan. I was really happy with them, but they could live better without me if I accepted that deal.
Steve smiled when he saw Pepper's concern for Anthony, it showed that the two were a true couple.
Steve nodded reluctantly, thinking about a coffee would be great for him at those moments, and he saw his friend get away from him, reach the elevator and disappear.
"You know, Maria Hill." He shrugged slightly. "He said he wanted to impress her. Apparently she didn't think he could really bake.”
I understood his reason, but I didn´t do everything he asked me. I kept some of the robots and computers that I found in the house and put them in a nearby shed. I had the idea that someday he would want to have his things around him again. It had been barely over a year since he lost his sight. But I was going to support him and try to slowly make him the man who always made me feel proud.
Stark smiled again, feeling slight happiness at having disturbed another.
Steve was tempted to ask him why he didn't come down to eat too, but assuming that perhaps he would do it in his office or, on second thought, that it was none of Steve business, he nodded and turned to head for the elevator.
The snap that vanish Thanos was too much for his body and, although it hadn't at least taken his life, it did with his eyesight.
"No," she smiled, "but I know you are."
Without adding anything else Tony dropped down on the couch, near me, really very close to me, and placed the tray on top of our legs, so we both shared the weight. He had brought two cups of hot chocolate, which was no longer so hot and some very badly cut sandwiches.
"Aha!," he said as soon as he touched it, "do you see Rogers? I can do it by myself.”
“A gift?” That certainly shocked me, I never expected anything good from Loki.
“Tony ... I'm the one who's lucky to have you."
I woke up when I dreamed him dying after Thanos' snap, when he didn't react after he fell when closing the portal that Loki once opened in New York, when he realized that I was not perfect and left my side.
"It wasn't really important, and you were with Bucky, I didn't want to interrupt you."
"And? It doesn't really matter, I can appreciate someone's beauty without expecting anything in return.”
"Test," he admitted without shame.
Her secretary had brought her Steve's papers, she really didn't understand why Tony had chosen him. Although his Marvel project was quite good, of all he was the one with the least experience, track record or recommendation he had. But the decision was already made, and Steve seemed to be quite a worker, so there was no other. Also, she couldn't complain too much, Tony had been the one who gave her a first job opportunity when she had no real experience.
I turn my head quickly towards the origin of the voice. Tony was standing a few steps behind me with a tray in his hands. He shifted his weight from side to side and smiled as only he could do.
"Explain to me again. When did you realize that I was always right and decided to listen to me?" Pepper Potts crossed his legs feeling victorious, so many times claiming to Anthony that he needed someone to help him and his friend finally realized. “I say, it is surprising that Rhodey and I begged you so many times for the same thing, so that out of nowhere you tell me that you accept my proposal.”
Pepper nodded without being too convinced of that, but not all battles could be won, and Tony was already giving in to delegate functions, that was more than enough for her
"I thought you didn't like cooking." - I realized late that comment was full of resentment, and he noticed. Apparently he was feeling funny that I felt upset.
"I guess I can try. Maybe he won't be so bad in the end."
"Ok Steve, you are ready, you can do it."
Pepper was going to answer him, but was interrupted.
He sat down and crossed his legs under my gaze, he seemed to be enjoying this situation.
The job would be for who will win the contest for the best project, explained and detailed.
- Have you been standing there for a long time?
I couldn't decipher his expression, I almost thought he was alarmed, but then he change to a broad smile.
At that moment Pepper's secretary came in with two cups of coffee and a folder under her arm that she proceeded to hand over to her boss. Pepper took it and the girl withdrew.
When I woke up, around seven in the morning, my arm felt asleep for having done the work of pillow of my beloved.
Tony's face was one of poorly contained surprise, but then an expression of amusement settled in his expression that angered Steve even more.
“It´s funny, you seem very attractive to me, anyway you don't need a blow job. It was just a test.”
Steve had to agree with that.
"You can't be with him."
“Could he see again?” I asked without believing it. I am ashamed of what I am going to confess, but I was much more excited for Tony to get his sight back than… to bring Nat and Bucky back to life.
His gaze was strange, as if he wanted to tell me something, and I wished it was the same as I wanted to say. I took a deep breath, he smiled at me as he tilted his head, as if he expected me to say something, and I knew I should ask him. Tony was too good for anyone to be interested in him, and if I missed this perfect opportunity, maybe someone else would take advantage of it.
Tony said nothing, just deepened the hug we were in, and I could only sink my nose into his hair, and inhale the scent he loved so much: his scent.
"I asked JARVIS for you and he told me that you had been up here for more than an hour, I assumed you hadn't had dinner and I brought you something to have dinner together."
Steve raised his eyebrows at that information. Was it already that Sunday? He felt a feeling of emptiness in his chest when he imagined it. Sharon was already almost eight months pregnant, so it was logical that the date was already so close.
“Won?”
It had two stones that I would recognize anywhere: The gem of reality and time.
“Can you get to the damn point of all this?” In less than 10 minutes the millionaire had caused his nerves to the point of saying two curses against his principles, which was reaching another level on the scale of being unbearable.
He loved me since that time and me, perhaps, since I met him.
Steve started an account in his mind trying to focus on something other than that compliment and that way he didn't blush, but he failed. Tony smiled and took the telephone receiver to dial his secretary's extension. When she answered, she said something Steve did not expect. —Hope, it is not necessary to wait until tomorrow, I have made a decision. Steve Rogers won.
"Not at all," Steve replied, but an immense question arose. What would Tony ask him if that was supposed to be an interview?
"I can make those who died on the side of the humans in the battle against Thanos return."
"I had to use the bathroom window for go out."
I don't know how Tony managed to take the gems from Thanos and put them in his own glove. At that moment I felt a true fear, an incomprehensible terror. I was close enough to see his movement, to yell at him to stop whatever he planned to do, but not to stop him.
Steve smiled at that, the name had been chosen by Sharon and he had not refused, although it actually sounded like some kind of cartoon or game for young children.
I recognized that voice immediately. I must have been dreaming, because that person was supposed to be dead.
Not that Steve was not happy for them, but the problem was that it was very difficult for him not to feel immense jealousy when he was in love with Sharon. The four of them had been friends since they were 15 years old, and although Steve had always had a thing for the blonde, it was Bucky who came forward to confess on graduation day, and to ask her about three years later. And Steve didn't blame him, no one knew of his feelings, except for Natasha — always so smart and insightful Natasha — but he had made her promise that she would never say anything.
“I know, I know. But hey, she's the boss, and I had to listen to her. Although I will not deny you, you are very handsome.”
It was Sunday May 29, his birthday.
"Just enough to see how you hit yourself and you proved I was right in what I have always said," he smiled even more before adding the latter, "you're stupid."
“I hope so, I'm just asking you to find someone who makes you happy, and makes you realize that love is something reciprocal, not just loving someone from afar.” Natasha checked the time on her cell phone and decided that it was time to go, but before she added: “And that by the way you can have cute children like you.”
At first it was very difficult for her to accept me since she accused me of wanting to usurp her mother's place. Almost a year had passed since that battle and, although I did not plan to replace Pepper, she already trusted me more and understood that I loved her father very much, and therefore, her too.
"Take it easy, Rogers. I'm here as a friend." He said with one of his characteristic smiles.
"You could have joined us without problems," he said, and it seemed to me that he was somewhat upset. "We were just talking while helping him make cookies."
When the coffee was ready, Steve approached her with the steaming cup, saw his friend smile on the phone and did not imagine that it was because she was sending his picture to her friend. They talked for a while, and Natasha wanted to listen again to the interview he had with Stark.
Steve sighed as he pulled the keys out of his pocket to open the door, knowing that Natasha was not going to stop charging him that "favor." He lived on the 6th floor of that building that required more than a coat of paint to burn it from the ground up and rebuild it again.
More than an hour, incredible. Time passed really quickly when you mentally tortured yourself.
"To bring Romanoff to life I will take someone else's. For Bucky's, the same. I need a change, Rogers. He will have his sight again, but for me to give him that gift, I will take his love for you. In the end, he will end up loving someone else.”
An achievement that Pepper still did not believe.
“Can I spend a few minutes?” she asked taking off her seat belt “I met some friends to meet up at a cafe nearby, and it's still early.”
"I'll go get you a coffee," said his friend, standing up.
My hand had settled between our bodies to caress him, he had thrown his head back concentrating on the pleasure that everything caused him. And I could only see how beautiful it was to have a Tony Stark under me.
Tony looked up to meet each other's eyes, recognized him from the photo attached to his resume and project, and instantly smiled. He had read hundreds of projects in less than a week, and the one with the blond present was one of the ones that most caught his attention. So much so, that he ended up rereading it several times and seeing the other's photo without being able to avoid it.
"Well, we're going to eat, I'm really hungry."
"Of course I want the job, but I won't lower myself to that act. I am capable enough of getting a damn position with my merits” Steve was more than angry, he didn't even realize he had said that curse, he was trying to keep his composure sitting in that chair, but the simple proposal was making him want to hit Stark “Do you think I will sell myself for a miserable job?”
That year there would be no birthday party for him. At least there would be no guests. Tony didn't want to, he didn't feel prepared to be surrounded by people feeling as vulnerable as he was. He hadn't told me, but I sensed it without needing to hear it from his mouth.
"Steve Rogers, it´s a pleasure," he said, responding to the greeting.
"I would have loved to see your reaction when you heard it from his lips.
The house was in a fairly thick forest and have only level — so Tony didn't need to use stairs — with a spacious lot around it, even more than anyone could ever need. I'd built a fence around the place to make sure Morgan didn't go too far, and Tony could go for a walk without risk of getting lost.
"I have heard of her." He admitted remembering that there was no gossip magazine or entertainment program that did not touch the Stark-Potts theme from time to time “She is your girlfriend and the company's financial manager.”
"I don't want to disturb them," he sighed and put on a strange expression for a second, which Steve didn't know if it was melancholy, "
"Of course I am, I am a destroyed man, in every way. I am blind, I am a burden to you.”
“What are you doing here?” I said in a serious tone. I had no weapon, but I knew that if he came up with a move, I wouldn't hesitate to finish it.
Look up at the sky to not connect with his eyes. "I was just analyzing something." - He made a growl, as if he was not happy with my explanation. - Anyway, what are you doing here?
“Do you know what this is?” He said and held out his hand.
Steve never thought that the salary was low at all.
“Do you think you regret it?” She asked doubtfully, if she already thought of his boss like that and hadn't even started...
But it was never so easy.
"It was canceled and I wanted to see if you were free to eat."
I felt pretty stupid for even thinking that I might have the chance to date Stark. He was too much and he wouldn't settle for so little. Putting the super soldier's serum aside, I had nothing to offer. I was null in terms of technology, I could hardly handle a cell phone that Tony had taught me to use, my sense of humor was “archaic” as the engineer always made fun of, as well as my way of dressing, my customs… everything me was archaic, obsolete.
After everything we had faced in our lives, we were both broken and full of wounds. But Tony, my Tony, in addition to being broken inside, had a physical wound that carried like a cross.
“I hope so.” Natasha took the last sip from her mug, already cold, and remembered that she had wanted to ask something. "I have a question, isn't it something strange that they hired someone strange for that position? I think they must have looked for someone within the same company.”
"Sometimes I don't think so, sometimes I don't understand how a person like you stayed with someone like me." He said
“You have seemed to me the best option from the beginning, and now I see that you wouldn't be tempted even by a good opportunity, besides that you are really handsome, it is a bonus for my eyes. You're my type, you know? Taller than me, strong, intelligent as well.”
"I'm in doubt," Steve interrupted in part, hoping he didn't sound rude, "why didn't you say this was going to be the job in the first place?"
"Mr. Stark mentioned that you were the boss," Steve said, ignoring that he had also described her as a dictator.
It was nothing, you deserve more."
"Mr. Stark...”
The last battle we fought against Thanos' army was perhaps one of the bloodiest I have ever participated in. The battle lasted two days. 48 hours in which the casualties increased on both sides every minute, and that for a moment I thought we were not going to win. We lost War Machine, Wanda and Scott. T´Challa lost Okoye and a large part of his army. We lost Wong and Strange disappeared after the fight. I lost Bucky and Tony lost Pepper that day too, and I almost lost him.
Steve covered his mouth before he could really get himself going, an involuntary smile curling his lips. Tony froze looking up at him mild panic still crossing his face. “No, it’s nothing like that.” Steve said unable to help the nerves from coming through in his voice “Really, I just thought… well if you don’t like it its totally fine. I talked to them and they said that if needed it would be okay that I bring it back, it just kinda frowned upon you know? I think Pepper would-”
Maybe Tony didn’t like cats as much as Steve was thinking he did. Maybe it was one of those things he liked but didn’t have any interest in owning himself… but that didn’t really sound like Tony.
Steve grinned up at the ceiling. He had long ago given up trying not to look and just accepted it was something he was going to do. “You know, when you start to answer my questions before I ask it just makes me believe you are closer to taking over the world than we all think.”
Tony just huffed again and gave the bot a scathing look resting his chin in Steve shoulder. Dummy, clearing not minding his creators pout, leaned into Steve.
“Ow!” Tony gripped his head with one hand and grabbed Steve’s shoulder with the other “Are you okay? What’s wrong?”
So, Steve didn’t want to outright ask, but he needed to find out if there was a specific (i.e. traumatic) reason Tony didn’t get himself a pet.
Steve was sure that he just wasn’t awake enough yet because Pepper wasn’t making sense, maybe he was just still tired from his run. He shook his head after a second and tried to ask his question again.
exhausted, the dark smuggest under his eyes hadn’t reached the ‘dark of the night’ stage and he seemed pretty coherent “Only about 17 hours, why you have a hot date planned?”
The worst that could happen was that he miscalculated seriously and Tony didn’t want a cat and Steve had just fucked up royalty. Sure, Tony would probably think it was funny but still this would just show how much Steve didn’t know his boyfriend and he did love Tony and didn’t want Tony to think he didn’t know him well. Honestly what if he thought Steve was just some idiot? He worried about that enough as it was this would just confirm-
After dinner Steve dragged Tony to the park, and to the area he knew a couple of cats hung out at.
be dealing with the New Zealand merger. Really any other year he would be fine with someone from the correct department picking the charity but noooo when it’s the animal shelters it’s up to me.”
Steve processed that. Yup. Sounds like something he boyfriend would do. “Okay well that-”
Which abruptly reminded Steve exactly what he did have planned. And oh fuck- Tony was relaxed and happy and- shit this was a bad plan. He never should have done this.
Steve had thought he had already convinced himself this was a good idea. After all he had done all the paperwork, bought all the supplies and even done as much possible research as one could do.
“Wait? Does this mean Tony likes cats?”
Tony wasn't listening and had started to walk, Iron Man suit and all, across the street toward a group of people.
Tony looked up at him, that vulnerable expression back for a moment before he broke into a real genuine smile. Not the ‘Anthony Stark ready for the press’ grin, this smile that was all
Steve really didn't connect the dots until Pepper Potts showed up at breakfast with a stack of papers she thumped down on the table. Steve raised this eyes at the pile (Stark industrials was well known to be relatively paper free). Steve had been worried he and Pepper wouldn’t get along, after all there was some history there, but lucky they had become pretty good friends. They both loved art and bonded over the dumb shit Tony Stark did. Pepper had actually been not only encouraging about Steve asking Tony out, about also helpful when it came to dealing with the man in question. A year since Steve had stuttered out an awkward “will you maybe get dinner with me” and Pepper and Steve had become pretty close, going to the MET and local art showings and even getting tea together, sometimes with Bruce.
“Down! Down you bug!” Tony said leaning into Steve, his voice filled with mirth. Steve still chucking reach up and scratched at Dummy’s arm. Instantly the bot calmed letting out a soft whirr of contentment.
“Yeah, I mean they are all adorable little buggers.”
He already knew the answer, in a moment he would build himself up and step through the door, damn the consequences if he was wrong. If there was one thing anyone knew about Steven Grant Rogers is that he was stubborn.
"Stark can you try and find out where this thing came from? We still have no clues as to where-"
“Right.” Steve said spinning on his heel back to the elevator and grabbing the cat carrier up.
There was just one other person he really should ask.
. So, he decided fuck it, and with Jarvis’s help picked out the best shelter he could find and downloaded the application.
“Who thought it was acceptable to put the TR136 into that piece of shit!”
If he was being simple he could just point blank ask Tony why he didn’t have one, but Tony had surprised Steve with things so many times he really wanted to give one back. Just last week Tony had come bounding up the stairs with a new wax for Steve’s shield that would create greater bounce to oncoming objects.
“Sir is in the sitting room” JARVIS said helpfully when Steve hadn’t made any move to exit.
"Barton, you Thor and Banner get back to medical, your covered in that stuff and I don't want to find out it was zoonotic or anything." It was true, Thor looked like he has been trying another once of those 'Hasks' Jane has sent. His hair was all gelled upwards like a bad 90’s style and Bruce was shivering, goop dripping from his nose.
“Steve!” Pepper said smiling up at him from her desk, “what can I do for you?”
This was the tricky part. Steve had no idea what acceptable answers to an adoption form was. He didn’t want to lie… but he also did know how to answer questions like “What is the activity level in your home?” Did Bruce hulking out while playing Mario cart rate a 5? At home, it was probably like a 3 at most since Hulk was actually pretty calm, but he wasn’t sure if most people would see it that way.
Steve was pretty sure that having a cat in the tower would not be too much of a problem. He had done some research on the care of cats, and even with missions and whatnot there should always been someone around to at least feed the animal. He was pretty sure none of the Avengers would mind. Actually, he was sure most of them would be thrilled with the idea. Clint lost his shit every time he saw any animal and Thor liked anything that was fluffy. Steve wasn’t sure about Bruce and Natasha, but he figured if anyone had a major problem they would keep the car in their suite. It was large enough for a dozen cats let alone one.
“Jarvis,” Steve started, his voice hesitant as he sat in front of the computer screen “do you think-”
“I’m just relaying what Pepper told me.” Steve laughed nuzzling into Tony’s hair.
Tony had turned to look from the cat at Steve. He had that unreadable expression that Steve had seem him use during uncomfortable encounters with members of congress, and Happy Hogan when he was pissed.
Tony laughed worries, for the moment, gone.
“Oh.” Tony said letting his head thump back down against the table. “That’s fine then, that’s-” Almost immediately Tony sat back up looking at Steve in surprise “You got me something?” He said it with such a vulnerability and caution that Steve’s heart lurched and the small vengeful side of his wanted to punch anyone who had ever made Tony look like that.
“So,” Steve murmured at Tony leaned back into him “the shelter was calling her Mia but we can change her name if you want?”
Steve had to admit he was a little excited, he had never really thought about owning a pet himself. Back in the 40’s people were too worried about keeping themselves fed to worry about feeding a pet so it really hadn’t been a thought. Looking through the various cat photos online had been pretty fun and he might already be kind of attached to the one he had read about at this shelter. If the description of the animal was accurate he was pretty sure it would be the perfect addition to the weird little family Steve had made for himself.
Steve casually tossed the salami in the path when he was sure Tony wasn’t paying attention. He needn’t have worried; his boyfriend was happily gesticulating in the air about… something…
It automatically snapped Steve from stuttering, to completely unintelligible.
“I am aware Captain, just thought I would save you the trouble.”
“Sir does often express this thought, though I think he would encourage the behavior.”
“An addition of a feline to the tower would not truly inconvenience me in any way. None of the occupants have any reported allergens to cats, and my data is in favor of sir owning an animal. I did indeed try to persuade him to get one in ’09 since research indicated having a pet can reduce stress and anxiety.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony rolled his eyes and giving Steve’s lips a peck. “You know adopting a cat together is kinda a big deal, right?” That note of hesitancy was back and Steve heard the ‘are you sure you want to take that step with me?’ between the words.
“You got me a cat.” Tony interrupted his face still blank. Watching as the animal roamed around the room. She was quite a pretty cat, calico, the shelter called her, but she had mostly white on her legs and chest and her green eyes glowing slightly as she peered around the room in curiosity.
Tony must have noticed the absolute terror cross his face because he went instantly from relaxed to high alert, sitting up and whacking his face into Steve’s chest.
Even so, he couldn’t help rethinking the whole thing. Was he actually making the right call here?
Dinner went well, Steve asking his boyfriend about his latest project and then listening to the endless stream of words about SI being ridiculous and some deadline being pushed back and so and so being as useless as they always were.
Steve would like to point out that he was absolutely not scared of Pepper Potts. Pepper had told him a hundred time he could bother her at any time about anything. Still Steve was a little embarrassed to knock on her door clutching a handful of paper’s regarding cat adoptions.
Steve was often hesitant to call it a coffee table (even if Tony insisted it was) since it was basically a large clear screen that Tony’s blue holograms jumped across. In fact, Steve was pretty sure it was not encouraged to actually put coffee on it... though Tony often broke his own rules.
Steve nodded along to the torrent of words, squeezing Tony’s hand glancing around. He always saw that stupid cat over here… it would be the one day he wanted to see the damn thing that-
.” Tony was saying “Sometimes I really do forget why he hired the man. He has no idea what is going on seventy percent of the time. This is what I get for hiring someone from Yale, really what was I thinking-”
Steve found him once more, this time out on the terrace of the Santiago Ritz-Carlton’s penthouse suite, in drawstring pants and not much else, freshly showered, nursing a scotch, staring out blankly over the cityscape.
And instead of straightening up, Steve sort of half-melted into him. “Whoops,” he mumbled into Tony’s shoulder.
“You should come on down,” Steve said. “Relax a little. Lemme buy you a drink.”
Steve elbowed him, rolling his eyes and taking a long sip of his maybe-scotch. “‘
“Tony. This isn't funny.”
“You're kidding.”
“It’s an open bar, Steve.” He went back to the refugee crisis in Central Asia. “An open bar, incidentally, that I’m paying for, so if anyone’s buyin’ anyone a drink…”
did not mind.
and shoot
“I’m just sayin’ Cap, if I have teenagers coming on to me when I turn ninety-five--”
He didn't grab Steve, barely even touched him, except for how he had somehow stepped closer, maybe they both had, and Tony's hand had found that ridiculously defined line of his waist, the ridge of that vee that haunted Tony in his dreams.
“Waiting for a call from the Italian premier.”
“No,” Steve said. The frown had not quite gone away, and his hands were cupping Tony’s jaw, gripping his shoulder, and Tony was only just realizing that at some point he had curled his own hands low around Steve’s waist, probably to steady him, he couldn’t even remember.
Steve was sitting up, when Tony came back in, sweatpants back in place, texting someone on his phone.
“Oh Cap,” Tony drawled, and that hot low drag in his voice was of course totally inappropriate for a commlink open to all the rest of the Avengers, unless you were Tony Stark and had gotten rid of things like Modesty and Personal Shame back in the 90s when you were railing down enough lines of cocaine to form a Black Diamond slope. “If the sex is a pain in the ass, he ain't doin’ you right, baby.”
“What’s this?”
“Tony!” Marissa chirped. “I just wanted to confirm: Are we still on for tonight?”
Tony watched him, the sloe-eyed gaze, the half-unbuttoned shirt, the faint sheen of sweat and bad decisions. “So,” he said quietly, because this wasn’t the kind of question you yelled at an Oscars’ afterparty, “why did you
“The—” Steve glared down at Tony. There was a pale pink flush banding over his cheekbones. “Don't play dumb, Stark. It doesn't suit you.”
Tony looked up from his StarkPad, and found Steve looking down at him, smiling and golden, and a little bit mussed, a square-cut crystal tumbler of what looked like whiskey in his hand.
Oh, he thought blankly, with a little throb of heat unspooling all through his chest, and then that voice in his head was talking again, that hellraiser Tony thought he had buried at seventeen, the one that had carried him through his parents’ death and Afghanistan, through the Bruce's disappearance and Obie’s betrayal, through a hole in the sky above New York, to the other end of the universe.
me.” Steve’s arm was still comfortably looped around Tony’s waist. It was… very solid. “He just got me pleasantly… pleasantly…”
“Sure I was. Anyone ever tell you you blush like a Disney princess?”
“Hey.”
“Hey,” Tony said, and suddenly this was— this was excruciating. It wasn't like Steve liked him, not even a little; you could fuck someone and still loathe them, Tony knew that better than anyone, had learned that lesson the hard way more than once.
Tony barked a laugh. “Terrible. The fish staged a revolt.”
“Do you care?” Tony asked wryly, and Steve grinned sheepishly, coming up against the edge and turning around, both elbows hanging over the lip of the railing, so he was facing Tony.
