Dean lolls his head to the side and sizes up Castiel with a squint. “You know, I like you better now.”
"Dean," Cas calls warningly, but he's already coming, fingers clenched hard around Dean's cock, hips pushing short and fast and fierce inside him. Dean shouts because he's hitting the right spot, over and over—and Dean can't tell anymore, can't tell the difference between pleasure and pain. It all cuts through him, slicing clean, and at last Dean comes too, revels in the release, right before Cas goes lax, falling loose and heavy on top of him.
Dean’s answering grin cracks like the dawn but his “Hey, Cas,” is soft. Tender, even. Enough to make Castiel blush.
"Fuck. Cas, I gotta—" breathe. Dean has to breathe. He does step back, but scarcely an inch and he doesn't let go. Not yet. He inhales the smell of soap and shaving cream and warm skin, feels Cas solid and alive in his hands, and yeah, okay. Decision made.
The angel scrutinizes himself carefully, rubbing a hand over his mostly bare face. Dean left a short layer of five o'clock shadow just for old times' sake, but Cas seems to be frowning at his reflection.
"Maybe if you weren't such an dick to him all the time he'd be around more," Sam counters. The he perks up a little, "Hey, maybe that's our problem, actually—you're such a dick, you probably ticked off something without even trying. Doesn't exactly narrow the field, but it's something."
Once Castiel’s head is damp, Dean pours a sweet-smelling gel into his hands and rubs it into his hair. It feels ignominious for a moment, but then Dean flexes his fingers and begins to work the lather into Castiel's scalp and Castiel forgets everything else. The smell is overpowering, but the sensation is overwhelming. An indulgent whimper escapes him.
Dean got to keep all the kitchen equipment he'd bought that Lisa swore up and down she was never going to use. She also gave him a set of pots and pans and one of those overhead pot rack things for Christmas. He enlists Cas's help in hanging the rack in the space above the sink and subsequently has to focus on not falling off the kitchen chair he's standing on every time he looks down to take one of the parts from Cas and sees the angel staring up at him, his mouth open in concentration and, coincidently, at the same level as Dean's crotch.
That night the house creaks and moans a little more than usual. Probably because it’s windy out. A spring storm could be moving in, which reminds him that he should really read up on tornado season now that he lives in Kansas.
It’s easy like this, easy to give, to respond. It’s so rare Dean allows anything to be easy. But moments like this, with Castiel, he does. It’s what Castiel has learned to give them both.
They unpack the boxes in the kitchen and put stuff away as they eat. (Well, Dean eats. Cas has a few token bites of burger but it turns out he's not interested in food that wasn't cooked by Dean, so Dean finishes his, too.) Dean's not used to unpacking with the intention of staying. As the cupboards and drawers fill up, he has to stomp down the feeling that he's spreading himself too thin, making it too hard to clear out in a hurry. But then he looks at Cas carefully putting away dishes or asking him where he wants to keep the colander and reminds himself that that's the point: he's not going anywhere.
He doesn't know why Cas is blaming himself. And he can't imagine what Cas could possibly have done to need his forgiveness, but he'd give it, and he'd help if he could. He twines his fingers with Cas's and tugs his hand until the angel inches his body even closer. "You can stop it, Cas. Whatever you did you can undo it. You can find a way, okay? Sam will help. Bobby too."
Cas tenses further, like he's shoring himself up, readying for an argument, but he nods. "This is where I am supposed to be. I'd lost sight of that, but now—"
There's a smudge of sauce on Cas's bottom lip. There's a smudge of sauce on Cas's bottom lip and Dean can't breathe or move but apparently he's doing a good job staring because Cas licks it clean without taking his eyes off Dean.
That wild gaze swings Dean's way and fixates on his face as though he's re-seeing whatever shook him up so bad. "Yes. They were."
Dean’s face goes a careful kind of blank, his shoulders stiffen. “I screwed with you,” he points out.
With one last stormy look, Cas steps back and disappears, leaving Dean on the counter, rumpled and legs wide, caught between laughing and crying and jerking off.
"Sam," Dean cuts him off, screwing up his face as that pain kicks in again. "Sam, this is so not okay. It
He wasn't sure what it would be like when Cas came back, if he'd feel pissed and surly or confused and bitter—because he'd felt all those things, for a while. But he's not any of them now. He's just glad. From the inside out, just really, totally glad. And he wants to touch Cas so much he twitches with it.
"Keep watch," Castiel snaps as he again lays hands on Dean. Guilt and anger rip through him. He was wrong to take from Dean while he was wounded, wrong to endanger Dean with his presence in the first place. "You will not die," Castiel commands as he forces Dean's heart to beat, his lungs to expand. "You will not."
"You ready, Cas?" he whispers, pushing his fingers in deep, making sure to trigger that sweet spot inside.
kill Cas—the Cas Dean had known, anyway. So, no. Not again, not ever again would Dean turn his back and leave Cas behind. Cursed or not, powered or not, Dean would rather have him and have him whole.
The frustrated groan that escapes his lungs escalates to a frustrated scream and he smacks his paint-wet hand down, hardwood be damned. Castiel counts to five, and then to ten. And then he lifts up his palm and looks at the red handprint left behind.
Dean is making cookies for Ben's soccer team bake sale. Cas has a smudge of flour on his cheek. While Dean contemplates wiping said flour from said cheek with his thumb, Cas asks if Dean is sleeping with Lisa.
"Maybe," Cas says, getting to his feet. He steps close into Dean's personal space, settling his mouth at Dean's ear, "Maybe you should think about what you
He pushes away from the counter in a move of suave, strategic misdirection before Cas can answer his question.
Castiel smiles lightly, thumbs digging in at Dean’s lower back, where he knows his own back now twinges after too long in the Impala. Dean groans, face buried in his pillow from the muffled sound of it.
Cas frowns in concentration and steps forward, pressing two fingers to Dean's forehead in a way he hasn't in forever. Dean closes his eyes and waits for that cool, heavenly feeling to sweep through him.
“Job security for me, then.” Castiel doesn’t miss the coy quirk in her smile or the quick rake of her eyes over him as they turn down one of the narrow aisles.
He allows it to wash over him, bathe him. From the tingling of his nerves to the tightening of pressure low in his abdomen.
Dean glowers at him too. "I'm not a fucking invalid." Sam glances up, looking pointedly at Dean's pajama pants and the blanket over his shoulders. "Shove it," Dean says and picks up his mug.
He tilts his head back and kisses Dean then, sideways and sloppy but just as determined, almost desperate.
The bitch of it is, Cas isn't wrong. Dean had never thought about it like that, exactly—provide and protect—but that's what it is. What it always has been, since Sam was a kid. And it's all part of the same deal as saving people and hunting things and
"Cas?" He reaches out to feel the bed next to him, blinking open his eyes when he finds only empty sheets.
The thing is, he’d purposefully filled the pan and set it out of his way, at the edge of the wall, to prevent exactly this kind of mistake. He’s not a home makeover genius, but he does possess basic common sense. The paint pan ending up behind him, three feet from where it started, with the plastic bunched up beneath it as though it had been pushed or dragged? That doesn’t make sense.
The burn across his stomach doesn't go away, but it heals enough that he can roll onto his side and get up if he has to take a piss. If he tries much more than that he feels like he's gonna fall over. Sam brings him food, but Dean doesn't see the point. He also doesn't see a point in watching TV or having long conversations about his feelings, so being awake in general seems pretty useless. And just
Cas has an open invitation to show up whenever he wants, so long as he flutters in and out of existence from the kitchen and not out front where the customers sit. When people ask about that cute fella in the trench coat who seems to be more than a regular, Dean smiles and tells them he's in business and travels a lot. When Cas isn't "traveling" he spends time in Dean's kitchen or Dean's bed. Even after a few years, Cas still begs for Dean's touch in bed, still looks surprised when he comes, all wonder and awe. He still feels like home to Dean. And it turns out that, once he gets the hang of it, Cas makes a mean pie with flaky crust to die for—Dean features them on the counter as "heaven-sent" rather than the usual "homemade."
"Curse!?" Dean squawks as his whole body tenses with another one of those unbelievable waves of pleasure, followed by the wash of pain. The room spins and he clings to his grip on reality. Curse. Curse makes sense. Cursed object, museum of ancient religious artifacts. Dean shoulda seen that one coming. No pun intended. "Yeah, okay, curse. How'd that happen?"
"S'alright, Cas," he soothes, teasing pre-come over the head with his thumb. "I got you, I got you."
Sam Winchester. Age 50s. Lebanon, KS. Other locations: Lawrence, KS; Palo Alto, CA. Family: Eileen Winchester, Colleen Winchester, Deanna Smith.
With a last lick at Dean's lower lip, Cas transfers his mouth to Dean's neck and sneaks a hand under the hem of Dean's shirt. Dean's not sure what the protocol is for stripping an angel, but Cas doesn't give him a chance to find out. He sinks to his knees and undoes Dean's fly, working his hand in around the denim. Dean's already hard. Of fucking course he is.
Also on the list of Things That Piss Dean Off is Cas and his no-shows, Cas and his I-don't-have-answers answers. There was a time Dean could count on him and now it's—whatever. It doesn't matter. It's different now. That's all.
“Mr. Novak!” the realtor chirps, hand extended, as he climbs the porch steps. “I’m Ava Wilson. We spoke on the phone,” she explains unnecessarily.
He fills the bathtub, cranking open the hot-water valve the whole way and squirting in whatever shower gel stuff is on the rack. He digs out a washcloth and a towel and grabs the sweatpants and t-shirt he found earlier, piling them on the back of the toilet tank for later. He checks the water level in the tub, turns on the cold a little to counter the scalding hot, then shuts off both taps and goes to collect Cas.
He begins to feel the tension wound tight around Dean unravel. He kisses the top of a hip, the dip of Dean’s spine, encouraging unseen knots to come undone. Castiel slips another finger beside the first, hurriedly licking it slicker before he does. He sweeps them up once, pulses them against that most sensitive spot. When he makes a pass with his two fingers spread open, pushing wide and skimming along either side, Dean mumbles an approval. Cas’s fingers circle and smooth, and little by little Dean lets go. Cas feels him slacken from toes to shoulders, until his whole body’s gone pliant.
He takes the wrench from his lips and tightens down the stem nut. If this works, it’ll be his second successful plumbing project of the day and, in theory, the constant drip he’s been hearing through the nights will stop.
“You what? You saw him? Meg, you could’ve told me my house was haunted!” Castiel shouts, forgetting ghost-seeking stealth mode.
Plus, he figures that if he ignores it all long enough, he'll just be dead and, frankly, dead's better than whatever this is. Sam doesn't seem to agree.
The ticker-tape of ghost-related questions kickstarts in Castiel’s mind again, but just because Dean seems to have an impolite streak doesn’t mean Castiel should forget his manners. “Hello, Dean,” he greets, carefully neutral.
Castiel understands that Dean means his distraction, but this, all of this—the bath, his reverence, his care—what else has it been if not an apology? Dean's actions have always said more than his words.
The list is already very long, items prioritized by necessity and size of project, down to the cosmetic. He doesn’t actually know how to do everything on it, but that first day—his only day—in town he’d met a man at the hardware store who was wary but helpful when Castiel asked for advice in purchasing a rudimentary tool set and located the public library, which he assumes will have resources for restoration projects. He has time to learn.
He’s circling the dining room for the second time when it occurs to him he hasn’t checked behind the china hutch. It’s such a fixture in the room Castiel doesn’t think of it as separate from the wall, but it must be, of course. He examines the hutch’s position and possible weaknesses and makes up his mind that it’s worth a try. He’ll have to get behind it eventually anyway to remove the wallpaper. Propping a hip against one side and working his fingers between the wood and the wall, he pushes. There’s a scrape and a rattle and a scary moment he thinks the whole thing might topple, but he manages it. When he stands back he notices the hutch is only a few inches from where it was—definitely heavier than it appeared. Still, it’s a few inches enough to peer behind it and find . . . no outlet.
“Me who,” Dean spits back, but his expression morphs from blank disinterested into a sneer as he recognizes his brother. “No. Fuck you.” The junk in the air lurches into motion and Sam and Castiel stumble back a few steps, Sam shrinking into his shoulders and Castiel ducking under a raised elbow. “The hell you think you’re doing, Cas?” Dean asks, descending the stairs and pressing forward.
Castiel has one spare second to plead Dean's name before a Leviathan is on them, jaws ready and tongue lashing. He grips its throat and shoves the fire of his grace—of Dean's soul—through its being, incinerating it from within. "Dean!" He shouts this time, but of course receives no response. There isn't time to heal him here. Castiel clenches Dean's battered jacket in his fist and transports them away.
"You shouldn't still be here," Cas rumbles, even as his hips give an interested push into Dean's hand.
But then Dean is pushing at him, trying to unseat him. "Cas, I'm gonna— I’m gonna do what you did. Move, Cas—"
Castiel curls his smile into Dean’s warm skin. He’s good at a lot of things, getting better at others. But what he’s best at—what he knows absolutely, loves without question—is Dean.
“Mr. Novak? It’s just—” She looks up at the house. “Good luck. With your work inside, I mean. Just, good luck.”
on his lap (he’d already renewed it once). He has the book open to the page on tub faucets and his wrench held tight between his rolled lips—because if he’s touching a tool, he can be sure it won’t disappear on him—while he tries to balance all the pieces in the correct order on top of the new washer.
"So, what's the deal? You show up just to psychoanalyze me?" Dean pops a piece of chicken in his mouth and smirks as he chews, holding his greasy fingers away from his body.
The paint pan, though. That’s something else altogether. One minute he’s rolling a satisfying red onto a feature wall in the living room with the paint pan safely feet away. The next, he takes a step back to assess the coverage, hoping the color dries darker than this initial coat, and squarely plants his right foot in the paint tray.
Dean's touch is tender, thorough, but still Castiel aches for more of it. For touches that linger, for Dean's hands to still, to stay. He didn't know this is a thing it is possible to desire. He's never experienced desire for anything other than
. Like he’s waiting too. Dean doesn't know for what. If Cas is wondering where to go from here or what comes next, well, Dean doesn’t have answers for himself, let alone the both of them.
He's almost done when he notices he can see Cas's bruises in the mirror, the web of wings he currently doesn't have. They're beautiful, in a sad way.
The good dreams come back. More kitchens, more making out, now in more detail because Dean knows what Cas tastes like now, knows how deepening a kiss can make him give one of those broken, begging moans. Dean doesn't mind these dreams so much now that he can make out with Cas in real life.  Not that they always do. Make out, that is. And that's something Dean is surprised to find he likes, the will-they-won't-they thing. Hell if he knows how a sure bet ever ended up sounding boring, but it does by comparison. So no, they don't whip up a game of tonsil hockey every time, but it's at least a possibility.
He ignores the coming dawn and closes his eyes. When he wakes up, they'll have to leave this place. Go back to the land of the living. Find Sam. Pick up wherever he left off. Dean doesn't know what.
He stares blankly out the kitchen window, seeing his future stretch before him flat and fixed as the Kansas horizon and isn’t sure he wants the view.
Today, though, today the sun is bright and high, the Kansas mud has dried to fertile earth that looks as if it might sprout life soon, and Castiel decides to venture into town for more than just cleaning supplies. There are some simple repair projects at the top of his list he’d like to research, and he’d spotted a diner that he might try for lunch. Something about today makes the prospect of local fare seem charming rather than dietarily dangerous.
He wets the washcloth, suds it with the soap, and leans forward again, palming it around the back of Cas's neck and rubbing at the ring of muck there until it's gone. He wets the cloth again, rinses the patch of clean skin, and moves on, water sluicing down Cas's shoulders, over his bruised back.
"Yeah, well, you can ride sidecar any time." Dean looks around at the woods they've materialized in. He's so sick of trees he could scream, but there's bird sounds and that forest-fresh smell that never existed in the sulfur sludge of Purgatory. "I owe you one. Or a hundred," he says, shifting Cas's weight once more.
He doesn’t argue. Head tilted back, his fingers still coated with Dean’s come, sticky but just slick enough, Cas jerks off. Maybe it’s foolish that the simple fact of knowing his body, of bringing pleasure to himself—or, better, to Dean—can fill him with a similar sense of infinite power as his absent grace, but it does. He replays Dean’s gruff, grateful curses at orgasm, the slow melt of Dean’s muscles under his hands, the confidence in Dean’s every kiss. Combined with the fast jack of his fist, the occasional spin of his thumb, and he’s close. Breath held, body seized tight along that razor’s edge of anticipation until—
Dean squeezes his eyes shut. Cas doesn't know you're not supposed to say shit like that, but Dean could still come from hearing it, just from the sound of his voice. He has to start breathing through his mouth.
The curse digs its fangs into Dean, its poison pumping into his blood, strangling thought, movement. Dean keeps his teeth clenched, his words to himself except the occasional cuss. There's nothing good to say. Want doesn't exist anymore. It's only need. The only desire Dean knows right now is the desire to make the pain stop.
"Whoa whoa whoa, Cas, hey." Dean grabs his wrist before Cas can fly away. He's not going to let one bad joke mess this up. He slips right up close to make sure Cas sees he's being straight with him. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that, it was just . . . Here's the deal—forget everything I said before, okay? You can hang out with Sam whenever you want. I'm glad you had him on your side. Ain't nobody better for backup, trust me, I know." He coaxes Cas with a smile, but Cas still looks wary.
When they’d begun sharing Dean's bed, they didn't talk about it. Not after the first night, not after the first week, first month. And they didn’t talk about it after the first time Dean pushed his erection into Cas's thigh, a sleep reflex that quickly became deliberate rutting, both of them sighing greedily against each other's mouths until their lips caught and Dean rolled on top of Cas, held him down and humped until they both came, cocks straining, untouched. They still don't talk about it, except to say
Dean's eyebrows shoot up and he risks sharing a quick look with Cas. "Then why isn't everybody on the museum staff trying to boink each other's brains out?"
“So he let you stay? All those families had to go, but not you.” Sam was obviously a shrewd prosecutor.
“Dude!” the voice repeats and it takes Castiel a few seconds to believe what he’s seeing. He stares, heart thumping in his throat.
“Dead? Hell if I know.” Dean swings the chair back to four legs and drops his boots to the floor. “Good talk, Cas. Send me the bill.” And with a flurry of cabinet doors slapping open, he’s gone.
Dean’s arms give out. Castiel feels the collapse as Dean sinks to his elbows, his chest planted flat to the bed. It’s Dean lying prostrate, but Castiel is the one at worship. Dean is his example, his protector and his peace. Cas is generous in his unspoken thanks and praise.
The TV flashes to commercial and Dean launches off the couch. "Pie break," he announces. "Who's in?" Ben shoots a hand in the air. Lisa rolls her eyes with a smile and declines. "Two slices à la mode, comin' right up," Dean claps his hands together.
"No," Dean repeats. "No. I don't know what kind of crazy shit you've all been reading, or whatever, but you're wrong." He blows by Sam, pointedly knocking into his shoulder, stalking into the kitchen and out the back door. As he storms into the growing dark, he clamps down on wondering whether that will bruise.
"I don't know, he didn't say. But, I mean, that's not possible, is it? Why would an angel make a deal with a demon?"
Dean nods because Cas is right, but a swirl of insatiable want leaves him with doubts. He can't stuff this down or hold it back, and it hurts him when he tries. It's physical, not emotional. It's here and it's now and it's biting into parts of him he thought he knew, tearing off chunks of his confidence and pride. But Cas has faith in him, and he has faith in Cas. Cas pulled him out of Hell. He can pull Dean out of this too.
Sam snorts, but Dean's dick almost jumps. And fuck it hurts. He's tense all over from trying to hold this thing off, and the pain is spreading. He forces himself upright and notices the way his muscles tremble.
anything, I may as well be dead. I should be dead. For fuck's sake, look at me, Cas," he demands, "Just
“Nothing that seems to apply. I want to help Dean move on, not”—he leans forward to consult a nineteenth-century tome he’d pushed away an hour ago—“‘eradicate the wayward spirit by dispatching its unclaimed soul to Hell.’”
Cas cocks his head, and there's an eerie difference in his focus, like he's looking at Dean's physical presence instead of his innermost soul, the way he usually does. Dean stiffens.  "You've lost weight," Cas concludes.
“You tried to scare me out of my house!” Castiel bursts, throwing his arms wide. Unbelievable, this man. Ghost. Entity. Whatever. He glowers and grits his teeth.
Dean hefts his keys and pushes off the car to go open the store. What he needs to do now is show Cas.
"He's right, Dean," Sam says, arms crossed. "Something's up with you. You're sick. But it's not, like,
He doesn’t return until late afternoon the next day. Meg had said something about dusk and a thinner boundary between worlds. Honestly, though, he’d only been willing to entertain maybe a fifth of what she’d shared with him as plausible, even less as serious advice. But she meant well, and he clearly has some kind of issue that needs to be addressed if he would like to continue living in this house. Which, he’s found, he does.
Three days unshaven, dark smudges under sunken eyes, and half heartedly holding a screwdriver for a reason he can’t remember, Castiel watches his forty-somethingth hour of CNN coverage while standing in the living room. Too big to fail was what they’d said about the Titanic too.
Sam's voice is blurry but he sounds like he's sitting up now as he says, "Yeah? Hey, Dean, that's great."
Sam’s flashlight beam cuts through Dean’s center but the ghost doesn’t flinch, of course. He’s powdery grey in the light, as near to dead as Castiel has ever seen him, and his eyes are empty black. Dean’s chin tilts down as he examines the beam and he raises his black gaze coyly up at Castiel.
's that sound way dirtier than they are. It's taken forever to get Dean here, but he's on the brink, just a little more friction, just a little harder, and—
Cas nods once, and moves to the island counter where Dean has the sauce ingredients spread out. He surveys the stuff like it's a fancy new puzzle, glances at the pot on the stove, and Dean sees the moment he puts it all together. "You're cooking."
He hears the whoosh as Sam flops back to his pillows, the lazy bastard. "Yeah, man. I mean, Lisa's great but it'll be good for you. Start living your own life, have your own space, and all that."
Cas looks at his upturned palms in the bubbles of soap. "My wings are an extension of my grace. My grace was what would prevent me from leaving through the same portal as a human. I assume they were . . . sheared to make my escape possible." To Dean's stunned, disgusted silence he adds, "I'm not sure why it has manifested this way. Perhaps because I have taken this form for so long. But the pain is not physical, so to speak."
“And Dean, he’s . . . ? I mean, we never talked about it. It never occurred to me. Not that there’s anything wrong with it! Really. I just wish he would’ve told me, I guess. For the most part I was a kid, you know? He definitely hooked up with plenty of girls, but never dated anyone seriously. I always thought maybe that was because of the war or taking care of me, or whatever.” Sam fidgets with a sleeve cuff, seeming so much younger than his near-sixty years.
Dean hadn't thought that far ahead, and he has a point. But for all Dean knows Cas is still an angelic virgin.
Cas kisses him again, this time with an edge, to remind Dean of all his dirty promises. "You'd better."
"Photo-what? What the hell is  wrong with you guys? Because there sure as hell is nothing wrong with
He's had stitches sewn with floss, claw marks disinfected with whiskey, black eyes and cracked ribs and some wicked stab wounds and they've all healed, all eventually erased themselves from his body. Slices from silver tests and blood sacrifices are invisible next to the new welts and lesions. The only mark that's never faded is the handprint that got him out of Hell. He fits his hand over the imprint, wondering for the thousandth time why he was worth saving then if this is what was waiting for him now. He should be dead. He doesn't know why he isn't.
Two weeks ago, Castiel would’ve found his tools downstairs and assumed he’d absent-mindedly left them the last time he’d come down to flip the breaker. He’d worry about his memory, attribute it to his anxiety about the economy crash and distractions over whether there were warrants out for his Angelus colleagues’ arrest, and try to forgive himself. Now that he’s met the actual culprit he’s much less forgiving.
Castiel stiffens, fear and sorrow tearing like a set of claws in his chest, but Sam is drawn forward. Jaw muscle jumping with tension, he takes a step nearer Dean simultaneously positioning himself, and his very square broad shoulders, in front of Castiel.
Days later, after spending an entire day indoors operating a rented floor sander, Castiel wants nothing more than to breathe air without sawdust in it and bask in silence. He’d bought a six pack of Shiner on a whim while in town to pick up the sander—it seemed the appropriately masculine thing to do—and has never been more glad of an impulse buy than he is in that moment, seated on the steps of his porch, dangling the cool neck of the bottle from his fingers.
Dean shifts and reshuffles, his eyes darting past Castiel. “Look, you’re crap at repairs but the old place needs ’em. So keep up the mediocre work. And remember, radio goes there,” he points. “And keep that piece of crap closed, okay?” He jerks his chin at the box on the floor. “Don’t make me come back to kick your ass.”
Dean's heart thuds hard in his chest, but the edges of his vision crumble to black even before Cas's words fade. Because then Dean wakes up, morning wood at full mast and aching.
—doesn’t reappear the next day, or the one after. All signs point to being alone, but Castiel moves a little more carefully through the house anyway.
He forces Dean to rest and runs warm, damp cloths over their bodies while he does, or coaxes Dean into the shower. He makes Dean eat a couple of Sam's granola bars. He insists Dean drink more water.
It's not just the coat though, of course. Cas's stupid asylum scrub shirt is drenched and his skin clammy. Sitting limply at the edge of the bed, he looks small and cold.
“I just moved here. My house doesn’t have an internet connection,” he explains. Both statements are true enough.
He feels it crest, feels the last grip of pleasure-pain. He shouts at Cas, shouts a string of cusses and comes so hard, the release blinding inside him as the curse's hold on him snaps.
“It’s usually to some low-budget late-night horror movie or the sports network. Definitely not the channel it was on when I shut it off,” Castiel confesses in a rush. He tells her about that first time, while he’s on a roll. “I thought maybe it was just the electricity,” he finishes weakly.
Castiel’s first night alone in the house had been cold. He’d slept on his new mattress in layers of his running clothes and a fraternity sweatshirt he hadn’t worn since college. He’s since called someone about the old but operational boiler in the cellar Ava had probably mentioned when he hadn’t been listening. The house has heat now—for what it’s worth given all the drafts—and hot water. Coffee helps. Castiel squints at the sun and takes a sip.
“Then did you rearrange my living room furniture while I was out? Or am I just imagining that my couch moved itself across the room?” Castiel closes his eyes for a second and wonders whether, if he sneaks a look around the staircase into the living room, he’ll find that to be true. He mounts the stairs instead.
"Oh. Right. Uh, Western corruption of ancient African religious practice? Think recipe for Victorian-age Viagra."
When Dean's pretty sure the pot rack's not going to rip out of the ceiling, he climbs down and hangs all the pots and pans from the hooks in the order Cas dictates according to the picture on the box. Then he pulls Cas back a few steps to the middle of the kitchen to admire their work. It's the only decoration-type thing in the room but Dean doesn't care. It's shiny and awesome. He flips his screwdriver in the air, catching it handily, and plants his fists on his hips like a superhero, beaming at their job well done.
Cas goes quiet for a moment, and he looks away before he speaks. "I always listen for you." Before Dean can think of what to say to that, let alone get past the hitch in his chest, Cas shifts and sighs restlessly, scrubbing his hands over his face before letting them dangle between his knees. "The war takes much of my time. It isn't . . . it's a difficult battle. I'm needed, but I can't—"
“So, the house was built in the early nineteen-hundreds,” begins Ava’s spiel. Castiel only half listens.
“No, nothing specific. I had a realtor handle the sale because I moved to California for school. Friends from Lawrence used to let me know when the house was on the market. Seemed like nobody really took to the place, which was a shame. People don’t always appreciate older houses these days, though.”
Cas doesn't ask if he's sure. He doesn't stop to fret or reveal some awkward lack of experience. He only gives a throaty and turned-on groan—Dean feels it against his neck—sucks a kiss from Dean's mouth, and goes to grab the lube.
He doesn't understand this fatigue. He doesn't understand why he is alive. He doesn't understand Dean's insistence on threading him back through that needle's eye, back into this world. He was wounded during their escape—he can't feel his grace, and his physical vessel is beyond collapse.
Humming along to The Who, he crouches down and fiddles with the OUIJA box until the lid sits properly, then stands, staring for a moment at the box in hands. It’s not returnable now, with the plastic off, and apparently it’s dangerous enough that it shouldn’t be sold as a toy anyway. He stuffs the game box on the top shelf of the closet beneath the stairs and decides not to think about it again.
"You've slept many places, Dean," Castiel replies evenly in that I-know-you-better-than-you-know-you tone.
And then it does. It all falls away, blank and black behind his eyelids as he comes, rushing hot and firing through his bones. Cas's fingers scrape through the damp hair at the back of his head and Dean grunts a gruff curse into his shoulder.
Cas slips his hand around Dean's sac, his other hand still giving his hard-on soft, slow attention, and Dean loses his breath. He peels forward—suddenly too hot to stay in place—and plants his hands on Cas's upraised knees like he's the captain of the goddamn
His brain's drowning in endorphins. He's pretty sure Cas is keeping him from having a heart attack by sheer force of angelic will.
"I don't have a couch," Dean blurts, breaking away from Cas's mouth. He gapes at his mostly empty house, panic flapping in his chest, completely appalled that he hadn't considered the lack of readily available horizontal surfaces before now. "Oh, but I've got a bed," he appeals, relief crashing through him as he pushes Cas in the direction of the bedroom. "I made it and everything."
He can't see Cas's face, but he's gripping him tight by the shoulders so he feels him wince. "An angel is not supposed to exist in Purgatory, Dean. Let alone escape from it."
Maybe, Dean thinks, they're making up for lost time. Making up for the hundred times they should've done it. A hundred times in four or five years? They could've done that. Easy.
"I mean what we are, to each other." He runs an ankle up Dean's calf, tangles their legs together. Dean nudges his own erection against the cleft of Cas's ass, wishing for all the world he didn't still have his Navy-issue skivvies on, and lets Cas ramble.
The Lawrence Public Library is a 1970s eyesore of squat construction flanked by white pillars of stucco, like someone’s minimalist reinterpretation of the Parthenon. Inside it’s exactly the kind of well-loved-but-underfunded space Castiel had always read about in the
Castiel flinches and presses his forehead to Dean's, silently begging forgiveness as he wills himself on.
"Dean," he pleads. He's giving so much, Castiel is overcome, but he begs for more, repeating Dean's name. There's something else, just out of reach. That feeling he can't yet comprehend.
Ava doesn’t wait for him to answer. She opens the wooden screen storm door and props it with an elbow. When Castiel reaches out to hold it for her, she startles, hand to her heart. “Oh! Oh, it’s you, Mr. Novak. I mean, thank you, Mr. Novak.”
Castiel narrows his eyes, studying Ava as she fidgets. His former coworkers would have eaten her alive. He reaches into his overcoat’s breast pocket for his checkbook.
He’d half expected to see Dean looking out from one of the windows, keeping watch, ready for them. But he isn’t there. Or, rather, he isn’t visible.
Sunlight spills onto the bed now, hits the wall on the opposite side of the room around their shadows. Dean stays quiet as he takes long, slow drags, their sharp breaths and bitten-off moans the only sounds in the room. Cas rocks his body up, hooking his ankles around Dean's ass, forcing him close, deep. "Dean," he whispers, clipped and desperate, and Dean sees he has his own cock in hand, jacking it steadily in the wake of Dean's hips. He thrusts short, trying to keep it on the slow side, but Cas is insistent and Dean loves the blunt force of it.
By the time Lisa calls, "We're home!" and Ben pounds into the kitchen, sweaty and in shin pads, Dean is alone, standing there holding out a taste-test spoon to thin air.
He feels Cas bristle before he even turns to face him. "I'm an angel, Dean. Spreading news is part of the job description," Cas snaps. "Sam has been a good friend and confidant during a time of distress. I wanted to share the
“Jesus, Cas. I thought— Jesus,” Dean pants, hips pushing into the mattress, short thrusts that mean he’s hard and seeking friction. It gives Castiel a prideful little thrill. He licks back into Dean’s body, this time flicking the stiff point of his tongue fast over Dean’s entrance.
Dean continues to make Cas taste test the food. Not everything is greeted as orgasmic, but watching Cas close his eyes and savor makes Dean's insides feel tingly. Cas begins to show a preference for deep, musky flavors like cumin and sage and cinnamon, and for tangy foods, like salt and vinegar potato chips and sour cream. Cas doesn't sample food on his own, but accepts Dean's proffered spoonfuls of whatever's cooking, and sometimes, when their eyes accidentally meet, Dean swears he sees an unsettling hunger in Cas's gaze.
"Coffee maker," he mutters to himself as he pads barefoot into the kitchen. "I need to own a coffee maker." But the sight that greets him has Dean as sharp and alert as any diner dark roast.
"Yeah. Shit. Yeah, I'm here, Cas," he jumps forward, offering his hands and arms for stability, "sorry." Castiel takes hold of one of his wrists, his other hand keeping a tight grasp on his towel. Dean steadies him with a hand on his shoulder. "Sorry," he says again when Castiel has both feet safely on the bathmat in front of him. "I was just— Sorry."
“No trick.” Dean holds up his hands as though honesty is the same thing as being unarmed. “Legit recommendation.”
A heel comes up around Cas’s ribs, toes hooking over his back, coaxing him on. Castiel runs a hand up Dean’s spine, down the back of a thigh. On his knees with his ass propped up high, Dean’s cock hangs heavy. Cas pauses to lick his lips then sets about laying deep kisses—a turn of his tongue here, a delicate rake teeth there. The change distracts Dean enough for Castiel to reach up unnoticed and palm his cock.
Dean stares hard at Cas then, remembering everything the angel had given, everything he'd suffered, every awe-inducing act he'd performed for no greater purpose than to protect Dean. His jaw clenches. He doesn't see any weakness here.
Dean laughs. Reinterpreted through angelspeak, he's pretty sure that means Cas had, in fact, been bribing him with the promise of sex. It's funnier than it should be. And kind of sweet in that I-don't-know-how-to-ask-for-things-I-want, angel way.
Thing is, he just keeps coming back. He just pops in, the friendly neighborhood angel who chops vegetables for the salad. Castiel, Warrior Angel of the Cutting Board, Dean teased once, but Cas's gaze hardened and he made his next slice extra deliberate and Dean reminded himself not to piss off the angel holding a sharp object.
It’s the closest Castiel has come to telling Dean to shut the hell up. Honestly, he doesn’t have the heart to. It’s likely been decades since Dean regularly conversed with anyone.
"Lube," he half jokes as he pushes his trousers off his hips. "There's probably some in—" But he can't finish the thought as a surge of solid, aching
That’s what finally does it. Castiel jerks his fingers off the planchette as though he just realized it has teeth. “Yeah. Yes. I apologize. I didn’t realize— I didn’t know the risk was—  I wasn’t trying to—” His fingers feel thick and clumsy as he scrapes the board back into the box, not quite able to get the lid on correctly.
Bologna had seemed novel at first, but that wore off quickly. Ham proved boring—he needed a lot of mustard to make it interesting. Honey turkey was tasty when paired with a sharp cheddar. At the moment he’s low on ingredient options.
Dean nods, wincing through a wave of pain, even though he hasn't eaten for days. "I know, Sammy. But I don't think we have a choice."
"I thought you would be investigating by now," Cas rumbles at Sam, looking confused. Sam, hands on his hips, nods at Dean. Dean sighs and looks up with an abbreviated wave.
And of course there are the Leviathan. They dispatched the first wave of them who'd joined the fight with the ghouls, but more will come.
Dean paints on a smile and gives two sharp tugs on Cas's shirt. He kisses him quickly then moves away, grabbing his hat from under Cas's on the chair near the door.
"I could do this for myself," Cas says a few moments later, speaking low. He doesn't sound ashamed or angry. More apologetic.
He wrestles Dean’s wrist up and away from his head, then darts up to distract him with a kiss. Dean’s smile is tangible against his mouth, and their standoff with the paint brush ends as Dean allows himself to be distracted.
Dean groans in misery simultaneously at Sam's joke and the next roll of pain. He's broken out in a sweat and can feel it soaking through his good shirt under his arms, gathering along his forehead. He hurts, everywhere. But maybe a little angel dust will do the trick.
“Ooh, how exotic. You really aren’t a local boy, then. Well, angel baby, I’m Meg and these—” she plants a hand against a row of thick-spined books “—are the plumbing manuals.” Castiel nods but before he can step forward to examine the titles, Meg slips between him and books, sidling sideways. “If you need anything else, don’t be shy.”
This. Everything. This. Dean. Here. Now. Castiel is full, brimming. His heart, his mind, his body filled with Dean. And still it builds.
“You don’t miss them? Your brothers?” Dean’s demeanor shifts as he asks. It’s that thing he does where he feigns a lightheartedness over a deeper, likely darker, unspoken thought. There’s a joke in there about ghosts and transparency Castiel doesn’t quite have the wit to formulate.
Cas is in an apron—in nothing but an apron—and making pancakes. Or, trying to make pancakes. It looks to be a losing battle.
There’s a young man standing across the room. He’s wearing a well-worn henley, jeans that’ve seen better days, a faded green shirt tied around his hips, and heavy boots. His expression is stormy. And he’s semi-transparent.
"You said I didn't have a choice 'bout this, and I didn't. But if I did, I'd choose you, okay? You chose me, a long time ago, but I chose you back." His brain skips through pain-addled memories—empty months without Cas, the way his world crumbled every time Cas's marbles skittered all over the floor, that whirlwind door out of Purgatory, the
“No way. You were seriously scared. And I love you, Clarence, but you don’t have that much imagination.”
“We definitely shouldn’t do this,” Castiel says, brushing a hand over Dean’s growing erection before flipping open the button of his jeans with absolutely no intention of stopping.
“It’s here.” Castiel darts a look over his shoulder and paces quickly out of the living room, pitching his voice low—ridiculous and paranoid but he can’t help it. “You were right. I’ve seen it. Sort of. I have evidence.”
Dean slams down the shortening and throws up his hands, but Cas is back before Dean can even start to bitch. And he's holding a carton of eggs.
November means summer here on the wrong side of the equator and it's as steamy hot as an engine room already. A hell of a lot quieter, though. The whole island could still be asleep. Dean scrubs at his eyes with his wrist, his other arm shoved up behind his neck under the flat military-issue pillow, and lifts his head just enough to glare at the sun. He's seen more than a few sunrises lately, but this is the first regular morning he's had in months—one that comes after a night's sleep, in a bed that's not a bunk, and a body to share it with.
The library is adjacent to Lawrence’s historic downtown shopping district, and Castiel decides to take advantage of the clear weather to explore. He grabs a visitor’s brochure from the library lobby and sets out on foot, quickly grasping the grid pattern of numbered streets running east-west and streets named for states running north-south.
Dean stands his ground and wishes his heartbeat was quieter. Wishes Cas was less tousled and hot and close. Wishes the sound of Cas's voice didn't break him open and turn him on all at that same time.
And even though Dean is the strangest thing that’s ever happened to Castiel, he doesn’t tell Meg about him. He’s not sure why, but when he stepped out into the front yard to call her the next morning—and immediately wondered about Dean’s reach and whether he can appear outside the house—Castiel had found himself reporting that he hadn’t gotten results using the ouija board (because he hadn’t, technically) but activity had died down and he’s feeling safer.
So they're safe, but it's eerie here. Like they're only half way back to humanity, in some new limbo space between certain death and real life.
He finds a fuller appreciation for the word “spooky” as he takes a seat on the sofa. The gallop of his heart makes his body want to race. His lungs scream for more air. But he keeps a studied cool as he eases back into the cushions, deliberate, like not showing fear to a predator.
"Yeah, yeah, I guess it has." He tosses the washcloth on the floor and scoots away from the patch of bed that's still hot with body heat. "Hey," he says, coming to a stop next to Cas.
“Well, that houses can be haunted, yes. It’s all about the possibility, babe.” She sifts through the papers for him and pulls out a court report. “See there was this lawsuit—a fella bought a house, lived in it for a year, and then sued the former owner. He wanted the sale voided and the cost of the house back. Said it’d been sold under false pretenses. Namely, nobody told him the house was haunted.”
“No, no, didn’t you hear that? He laughed. I said the house is haunted and he laughed.” Panic is an extremely unpleasant feeling, Castiel thinks as he thunders back down the stairs. He flees past the abandoned groceries, across the porch, down the steps, and out into the front yard, anchoring himself against the maple. He’s trembling all the way down to the soles of his feet.
Castiel fights the flush he feels creeping up into his cheeks. It’s been a long time since someone attempted to flirt with him—well before he was kicked out of Angelus. His people skills had never been as smooth as his coworkers’ to begin with, and they’re even rustier now. He clears his throat but his thanks still comes out gravelled.
It's when Dean begins rutting against Cas's thigh that it finally hits him that what they're doing—what they've been doing—is having sex. Really one-sided sex, but still. Sex. And now? Well, blowjobs and nudity are pretty above and beyond the call of help-your-hard-up-friend duty.
,” he grits out, pushing up to meet Castiel’s mouth. Castiel licks deeply, tongue passing over that small, hot hole. The second time Dean moans, Cas does too, swept away on the current of Dean’s pleasure. He gives up keeping Dean parted with his fingers and sweeps his arms under Dean’s thighs, spreading wide and tilting his hips. His hands slide up along Dean’s sides, but soon he’s raking fingers back down Dean’s ribs, hoisting him closer, sinking his face deeper, as Dean curses again.
He'd think it was some sick angel plot, except no one else was ever involved. Cas never dragged Heaven into it, never talked about some greater good. He'd never asked for more, only asked about what Dean wanted and gladly accepted what little Dean gave him. And then Dean went and daydreamed about a happily ever after with Cas held at arm's length.
And then Cas is back, close, on the bed. Dean forgets the pillow and climbs into his lap. "Make it stop, make it stop, make it stop," he chants, eyes closed and hands clutching. Cas gathers Dean close and in two seconds has a miraculously lubed hand around him. "Sonofbitch, don't stop" Dean curses in relief, rocking into Cas's body, fucking his hand, "Never stop."
“No and yes. I grew up here, in this house, but I did a tour in ’Nam. Came back just before the States pulled out altogether. Been here ever since.”
“The case went to court and the judge ruled in the prosecution’s—the buyer’s—favor. Turns out there was a newspaper article.” She tugs what looks like a microfiche printout out to the top of the pile. “The former owner gave a local-color interview stating the house was haunted and that he regularly gave tours at Halloween. The court—you hearing me, handsome?—the court declared the house officially haunted. Ruled the former owner had to shell out back to the buyer and take his hunkajunk haunted house back.” Self-satisfaction radiates from Meg. She tips an eyebrow, sure of her argument but awaiting his judgment of the case.
Dean thinks about getting back to his boat, putting to sea again. He thinks about the other members on his crew, about Chuck's spam and marmalade sandwiches, the wide empty ocean, the spark and smoke of a torpedo fire. He knows he can't wish away the war. Like Cas said, he has to go out and meet it. And he will, but . . .
“It’s a nice company. I’ll have my own office and report directly to the vice president. It’s a very good position.”
Black fangs and a whiplike tongue that drip gray bile. Yellow fangs covered in red. Fangs on monsters that can't kill him but can kill Dean. That frightens him more.
“You’re right. I was going to say that my experience of family wasn’t what yours was. I can tell you loved them, cherish the memories of them. It’s in part why you’re here, I suspect. And I know you had a brother, but you barely talk about him.” Castiel moves to join Dean at the table, sliding into a chair beside him and resting a hand palm up, an invitation for a connection. “I’d like to know more, if you’d tell me.”
Dean rolls his eyes as he opens his own beer. "You know, wrapping paper. The stuff that dresses up the present, but that you rip through to get to the thing you actually want."
Stepping out into the comparatively cold air of the hall, Dean lets out a deep breath, trying to shed some of the intensity. He shakes it off, rubs at his eyes. He's fine. Tired, but fine. Except he feels something inside him drawn tight, like he's holding his breath, waiting. Maybe it's leftover from Purgatory—always waiting for the other shoe to drop, the next monster to show up. Maybe it's the waiting for Cas to get angeled up again. But somehow it feels like it's just
Then again, they knew the moment they met they were probably dead men, but that only made breaking every rule even more of a no-brainer—because if not now, never. And so far, by the grace of the God Cas counts on and Dean doesn't quite believe in, they're both still here.
Because he's doing it again. Play-acting like he would in any civilian role—PA on a film set, convicted criminal on a stint in the pen. Only this time there's no endgame, no case to solve, no fixed point when this is over. He could go on playing this part for the rest of his life.
“‘He’ who? You know my ghost?” The thought twists his insides. Of course. She’d seemed so certain about the haunting all along.
“Alright, fine. But call me if shit gets weird again. And next time you’re downtown I have some stuff for you. I found a picture of Mary Campbell—her folks built the house. Seems she showed a prize pony at the Douglas County Fair. I don’t know about the pony, but she’s pretty. And I think I read once that she died young. Are you sure your ghost isn’t a girl?”
The ghost looks at his proffered hand and snorts. Castiel pulls it back, feeling his face color. “Yeah, I know. Castiel Novak.” He tosses his head toward the desk in the opposite corner. “Read your mail.”
"Don't get me wrong, I'm awesome. But eighty more?" He shakes his head and looks at his hands again, "I don't think I can—"
Dean smashes his eyes shut. "Not sure—" he huffs as Cas wins his war with Dean's boxers "—this is a good idea."  It's a stupid, stupid thing to say, especially when his entire body is very convinced this is the best idea he's ever had, but, "Lisa," Dean blurts just as he can feel Cas's warm touch and breath. "Shhhhit. Cas. God yes," he gushes. Then he shakes his head. "I mean, no. No no no. Cas, Lisa and Ben—"
No, these are just dreams. How or when or why Cas made Dean's list of happy things to dream about (homey kitchens, favorite foods, a warrior angel of the Lord . . .), Dean isn't too sure. But it's not the weirdest thing that's ever happened to him, so he doesn't give it much thought. Until Castiel shows up in Lisa's kitchen.
Cas touches Dean's arm—he's sitting closer now—and drops a pointed look to Dean's hands clamped around the pillow. Dean bites his lip and shakes his head even though his body is screaming. He hasn't made himself wait, hasn't tried to hold back this long for hours. But he can't. Not yet. "SparkNotes version, Sammy," he grunts.
Cas comes back often enough that Dean starts to think up stuff to make that could use an extra pair of hands for prep. He always gives Cas onion-chopping duty because his eyes don't tear up. And when Dean had him cube meat for kabobs one time, he was relieved to find that Cas didn't thank the flank steak for its sacrifice or anything.
"'The hell, man?" Dean splutters, and dumps too much sugar into the measuring cup. "Who've you been talking to? Did Sam put you up to this?"
“I appreciate that.” Castiel bobs the remaining half of his sandwich in cheers as Meg gets up to return to work. She leaves him the rest of the chips.
There's a big difference between the good, fun pain of a bite to a hypersensitive nipple or a quick smack on the ass and this. This is a step away from the soul-howling kind of pain Dean's already all too familiar with.
"There." He clicks off the razor and Cas opens his eyes. Dean dusts some of the stray clumps of dark hair away before standing and holding a hand out for Cas to get up and have a look in the mirror.
Castiel glares down at Dean from his perch on the ladder. Dean’s commentary is as useless as it is constant.
"Don't go," Dean pleads and grips Cas's tie and locks his legs, keeping Cas near, because it's over but it's also just beginning. "Don't leave," he bites out as the first shock of retaliatory pain kicks in.
Castiel stays near the soldier. The toy’s rifle is aimed at a nearby teapot and he seems undisturbed by events outside his hutch. Castiel folds his fingers around the matchbox in his coat pocket and silently asks forgiveness for what he’s about to do. The figure doesn’t offer any, but it’s the best Castiel can do. He steps back into the hall as Sam emerges from the kitchen, flashlight streaming ahead of him.
The sheets are hot beneath their bodies, the air boils between them. Dean feels sweat at his forehead, at every place their bodies touch.
He's going nuts replaying it in his head. His subconscious has been having a fucking field day, helpfully providing every move in vivid detail every time he shuts his eyes. So two days and three sleepless nights later, Dean does what he always does when he doesn't know what else to do: calls his brother.
Somewhere around thirty seconds later, Cas pops into existence in front of him, shoulders hunched and tight in his trench coat, disheveled as ever. Dean's heart lurches and his brain stumbles out a real prayer in the form of
Dean just kind of glazes over there for a second, watching Cas as he squints against the sunlight, all angeled up.
Every movement, every incremental adjustment of their bodies brings Castiel closer to a feeling he doesn't understand, but he knows this is what he wanted. This is what he sought from the first moment Dean kissed him. To experience this intimacy, to occupy a moment and feeling together. It's exquisite.
“Look, Dean had loads of issues before he died, but this one? This one’s on me.” He gets to his feet, lanky joints still spry at 59 years old. “Let me just go tell Eileen. I don’t know what we’re going to do or how I can help, but we’ll figure it out.”
"Okay, down we go," Dean says, voice strained as he lowers Castiel's arm from around his neck. Castiel drops heavily onto a soft surface. A bed, likely.
“What? No. No,” Dean huffs, bitter. “The jackass probably gave me a concussion but that wasn’t what did me in. That was, uh. That was the car accident. Sam was driving me home after,” he gestures to his head. “He was real worked up about the fight, about my getting hurt, and then this fucking trucker just outta nowhere, WHAM.” Dean sweeps the heel of his hand into air, smashing it against an invisible wall. “Blindsides us. Scrapes the Impala off the highway. Sam got jostled but me? Two days in a coma and I don’t wake up. Random fucking tragedy.”
He rolls his eyes and settles the phone back against his ear and his arms across his chest. “Well, yes, I recognize that now.”
"Exactly," Cas grumbles under his breath. Breath Dean is close enough to feel before Cas shifts away.
"What? What do you mean 'get me to move out'? What are you talking about? What's 'just about everything'?"
Dean knows it's been more than a while since he last ground up against somebody in a bathroom, but it's not like he forgot sex, and this is still better. Or maybe it's Cas—the sounds he makes, the way he feeds off Dean's kisses, responds to his touch, all totally unashamed and awesome.
Cas's eyes go soft. "I knew, Dean," he says. He leans down to kiss him, thorough and smooth, then rests his forehead against Dean's. "I know you chose me. 'Cursed or not,'" he quips, and smiles. "Now I can say the same to you."
Cas ignores him, except to enunciate clearer. "If you are not having sex with Lisa, you should move out."
It's not long before Dean has to pull back again, rolling his lips in and willing some self control. It's not easy with Cas panting against his mouth and one thumb finally having found a bare patch of skin under all Cas's layers. He strokes that smooth spot as he speaks and tries really hard not to think about undressing Cas entirely.
Hell, if anything, Cas deserves better than him. Dean got emptied out by Purgatory too, got stripped back to everything but the most brutal basics, and the only thing that kept his soul human was probably this busted-up angel in front of him. But maybe it's good Purgatory burned up all their baggage.
It strikes Dean that Cas's eyes aren't bright anymore. They're dark now, dark like too-deep water. Dean doesn't know why that is, what it means—if anything—but it sends his heart to his throat.
After the initial, joy-driven smack, Cas pours himself into the kiss, his heat and gladness melting Dean all the way down to his boots. It's far from their first kiss, but as Cas breaks off with a happy pant, Dean can't help feeling like it took him forever to get here. He takes one more kiss from Cas's warm mouth and pulls back, air puffing white between them.
"Like that, Cas," he encourages, "Just like that." He remembers Cas's dick is still in his own hand and does something about it, taking a few sweaty pulls and kissing Cas on the mouth before creeping his fingers lower to play with his sac.
Sam shrugs. "Close to a month, maybe? I didn't notice until he busted his knuckles and they won't heal. And his lip. And then, like you said, he's started losing weight. Stopped eating, for the most part. Stopped drinking."
At the moment he’s trying to visualize the short, blunt screw of this outlet cover finding the hole it’s supposed to go in and failing even at that, so he admits she has a point. “Regardless, you don’t have to worry. The situation seems to be back to normal.”
Cas looks at Dean and frowns. Dean lets him get up, promptly sinking into the pool of warmth he leaves behind. Cas grabs Sam's cell from the nightstand and walks it to the door. "We'll call you when it's over."
After nearly a week of sweeping and scrubbing, half a dozen trash bags of debris, countless buckets of dirtied water, and the development of a suspected mold allergy, the house feels ready. Or maybe it’s that Castiel feels ready—ready to try a project, ready to attempt the world again.
Cas spins to look down at Dean, eyes wide with pain and concern and honesty so eager it hurts to look at. "I would not withhold aid from you, Dean. Not when . . . not now."
Assuming Castiel’s right, of course. But if he wasn’t right, Angelus wouldn’t have fired him. He wouldn’t be in Lawrence if he wasn’t right.
They've been holed up here for days. Two more people have died in Sioux City, two more sigils burned into walls of the buildings where they bit it. The cops are muttering about a serial killer on TV, but all everybody downstairs can talk about is Dean and his mysterious wasting disease.
He hardly looks human anymore. They've seen all kinds of fucked up things this year, maybe Dean's some special new brand of monster. Any hunter worth his salt would take one look at him, shoot first and ask questions later. He's walking dead, shrunken and rotting in his own scarred skin.
“When you first showed up. You looked like such a stick in the mud—which makes sense considering you came from, you know, Doucheland. But you’re not. Not really. You just had to learn to relax.”
Something's different this time. And not just because Cas is the one who's initiated it, or because he's teasing, taking his time. Something's changed. Something's more serious now. It's in the air between them, in way they touch each other. Dean can hear it the way he calls out Cas's name. This morning he said it just because of the sensory overload, or as a warning of impending orgasm. But now each time he says Cas's name it's a little needier, a little dirtier.
He grabs for Cas, catching his wrist and tugging him onto the bed where Dean's propped against the headboard. Dean doesn't even think about it, he just guides Cas's hand back to where it was, wrapping Cas's fingers around his dick. The angle is bad but he can't keep himself from thrusting into his fist as the pain gives way to pleasure only. Cas shifts his hand and his weight so he's straddling Dean again, hovering above him. Only this time they're eye to eye—Dean can look at Cas's hand on him or he can look into Cas's eyes. Both are too much.
Instead he thinks about how he should be saving his money, not dumping it into empty equity. He’s known that all along, of course, but the consequences are real now. His investment in his house traps him here. There will be no flipping the property. There will be no selling, period.
Sam's silence says more than his voice when he finally speaks, and all he says is Dean's name—carefully, a gentle rebuke—and that speaks volumes on its own.
"So shave it off," Dean shrugs. When silence follows his suggestion he gives himself a mental kick for forgetting who he's talking to. Cas has never had to shave a day in his million-year life. He sits back on his haunches, trying very hard not to be aware of the fact that Cas is still only wearing a towel, and asks, "Do you want to shave it off?"
"This is not a wound you can treat, Dean." He wipes blood from his mouth with his sleeve. "Please, you must go. We're still under attack."
“Nuh-uh,” Dean admonishes. He tugs at Castiel’s knees, half his usual strength at best, until Cas is seated up around his lap. “Do it here,” he says, fumbling Cas’s hand into position around his own hard cock. “Wanna see you.”
Castiel blinks. He can’t see the screen, but that’s the jingle to the local car dealership, cut off mid-word—
The awareness of it, of each other, grows. Cas’s heavy gaze is almost a thing Dean can feel. It prickles down his neck, spine, the backs of his arms. And pretty soon the thought Dean can't shake is how close they are. They're close enough to be well beyond personal space, close enough that Dean stands half between Cas's legs and can feel Cas's breath on his neck each time he leans in to rinse foam off the razor in the sink.
He's scraping the onions into the pot, and at Cas's "Hello, Dean," he almost loses the small cutting board into the burbling stewed tomatoes, too.
"No, no, trust me, I don't want to. I just wanted to tell you guys what I found, but I forgot my phone. Let go of the door, Dean. I won't open it more."
He calls Sam a couple times, eventually works up the guts to ask whether he's heard from the Winchester family angel. "Nope," Sam says, "Not a peep. Not for a couple months, I think. You?"
She stations herself on the left side of the entryway, and Castiel bypasses her to examine the living room.
So mostly that's how it goes: a time or two every week Cas shows up, wields a knife, listens to Dean alternately brag and bitch, and takes off when the job is done. In a way, it's just like old times. Sort of.
"And it would be good for you to stop having heart-to-hearts with Sam," Dean snaps. He immediately feels guilty, but Cas drops the issue.
They’re quiet then, and Castiel turns the hand resting between them palm up, inviting. Dean moves his hand into place, fingertips translucent in the morning sun, just appearing to touch. Castiel can’t feel it, but in this moment seeing is believing.
Absurd happiness was never a future Castiel pictured for himself, but he can’t breathe for laughing, he’s dropped his brush in the spring grass, and Dean’s bare chest is most of his field of vision.
The sun sinks out of sight, leaving just a ribbon of light along the western edge of sky, and Castiel feels its warmth slide out of the air. He takes his final sip of beer but is reluctant to go inside while Dean seems content to stay.
Dean thinks, closing his eyes. He rests his head against the wall. It feels cool against his temple.
Castiel laughs and plops the mail on the desk. “‘Honey’? How domestic.” Dean doesn’t take strides, exactly, but he does appear suddenly much closer, intentionally crowding Castiel against his desk using mostly his hands and hips that don’t touch.
"What do you mean, 'you know'?" Dean jerks back a little, confused. "It's not like . . ." And a thousand dreams flash through his memory, all so much the same—kissing and Cas and a kitchen. He matches the times when there wasn't Cas with the times when there weren't dreams. His eyes widen. "Dude, you were there? Like,
By accident more than by design—because all Dean's really thinking about is Cas and getting more of Cas and not letting Cas fly away—Cas ends up backed against the island countertop. Dean grins when he realizes he has Cas trapped and dips down to bite at the joint of Cas's neck and jaw. That's when Cas maneuvers his thigh between Dean's legs and presses
“That’s the one,” she nods. “The Campbell family built it like a hundred years ago. All kinds of tragic, local-legend backstories about that house. I thought the county was going to bulldoze the old place to keep the kids out but, hey, that’s great. I mean, spooky, but good for you.”
Castiel didn’t know desire until he met Dean, but now—now that he’s subject to lust, to possessiveness, to carnality, all amplified by his humanity—just hearing his name tear from Dean’s throat like that is enough to fill his cock, make him throb with want. Knowing he can fulfill Dean’s desire makes Castiel desire Dean all the more. It’s a spiral Castiel doesn’t pretend to understand.
"Dean," Cas moans, his voice so needy it makes Dean want to drop to his knees and suck him till he comes. He sucks at Cas's neck instead and just lets their bodies work against each other because it's so fucking good.
His hand is on the knob, ready to turn it, when he's yanked back. Cas fists Dean's uniform and spins him, shoving Dean against the door and kissing him. Such a sudden, searing kiss, burning bright white behind Dean's eyelids, like the equator midday sun on the ocean. And this time Dean gets it, that feeling Cas was talking about earlier, that's too big to comprehend—it was this. It's huge and hot in Dean's veins, coursing toward his heart, running hot, straight, and true. Right on target.
“Do you want this place crawling with demons? I don’t know about you, but I’m good without that, thanks. Now put that damn thing away. You want to talk? Talk.”
"Hell if I know," Dean hears Bobby grouse. He's slouched against the wall at the top of the stairs. He can't sleep. There's a pain in his gut that won't let him. "It's not like the Dead Sea Scrolls are a damn medical journal."
Thirty-six hours ago he was a senior risk management analyst at Angelus, one of the largest investment banking firms in the country. He should be wary that this farmhouse and the not-insignificant parcel of land it sits on are selling at a cost below even the average value for the rural Midwest. It’s not a bargain, it’s a steal and Castiel should want to know why; should examine the wiring and plumbing and potential for termites. He should research the previous owners, he should ask questions about the costs of heating in the winter. But asking questions and examining data and weighing consequences—that’s not his job anymore.
"He ain't contagious. Whatever it is, it's eating him alive from the inside out. Sounds like monster business to me. A curse, maybe."
Cas drags him over to the bathroom, forces him to rinse off and drink some water. In exchange, Dean gets Cas to bring him off in front of the giant mirror there, hands braced on the counter with Cas behind him. And, because he's a kinky bastard sometimes, he watches as Cas watches him come.
Castiel closes the folder and tosses it aside. Technically he can complete the paperwork tomorrow, on company time. After all, he’s promised himself boundaries this time. Work-life balance.
Sam coughs as the demigod snarls and circles toward Bobby. Dean's about to head over there to make sure he's all right, but just then the possessed piece of crap kicks up a tornado of papers and office supplies that guarantees death by paper cut. Bobby raises his voice, chanting louder, with more confidence behind the words now that it's clear this isn't Zuul's favorite tune.
He pushes in lightly and Cas groans, quiet but deep, rolling back off his hip and bending a knee up over Dean's legs, spreading himself under Dean's touch. Dean inches down, furthering his reach. His finger sinks to the knuckle and Cas throws his head back and breathes Dean's name hard.
"I thought you would be angry with me." Cas's hands are caught at Dean's belt, eyes stuck at his chest.
“I don’t want to go,” Dean whispers, gruff. “You just got here.” Castiel laughs, but Dean is all seriousness. “Take care of the old place, okay?” he says, but what Castiel hears is
Dean really wishes Cas didn't look like his heart was breaking. If angels did tears, Cas would be about to splash big ones, and his voice sounds choked when he speaks.
Either way, Cas climbs up onto to the table, straddling Dean and unzipping his own pants. The sight makes Dean's lungs stop. He yanks Cas down by his tie and lets Cas kiss him filthy as they both use one hand to work Cas's dick the rest of the way free. Cas's whole body shudders when Dean gets a firm grip.
If there's business it's nothing pressing because instead of answering Cas asks, "Have you always had this particular set of skills?"
"This is a place of residence," he states, squinting toward the house. He doesn't look very impressed yet.
Dean dumps his duffle bag on the opposite side of the trunk. Not that he doesn't trust Sam's work or anything, just—
The crux of muscle he’s been tending is slack now. On impulse, he presses his tongue at the center of the circle, slides inside. There’s a near-sob from Dean. One of his hands flails back, fumbling until blunt nails dig into the base of Castiel’s skull, trapping him right where he is—a silent
He showers while Cas sleeps, letting the hot water pound the blood and bile and grime away, knowing the worst of what came back with him isn't stuff you can wash off. He scrounges for clothes in the dressers and closets and comes up with enough for both of them.
Which isn’t to say he hasn’t had successes. The living room has a new coat of paint, with no further paint pan problems. He’s replaced warped and rotted floor boards in the living room and a bedroom. He did, finally, call an electrician, who installed new outlet sockets and checked his fuse box connections, though the man also reported that “they’re in better shape than they have any right to be, actually,” and Castiel withheld a scoff. There’s a room upstairs he’s converted into a workshop, or at least a place to collect the mess: leftover paint supplies, sandpaper, drill and small power saw, and wood dust. Eventually the room may become his office, but for now his desk is downstairs in a corner of the living room; he doesn’t need it much anyway. And now that he has a kitchen table he prepares himself actual dinners and takes his meals there, thumbing through his ever-growing stack of library books.
The next piece of molding he’d been about to fetch is floating next to him. He slides a look at Dean.
Implied in there is that Sam somehow didn’t keep up his, and—ah, yes, now there they go. Castiel pictures those dominoes tipping one into the next. Dean died and then rejected a reaper. He chose to stay and became a ghost. All for his brother, a brother who he raised and believes he abandoned, so he’s been atoning ever since.
Dean holds his breath. If Cas is really begging for as much and as far as Dean can take this, well, Dean's not going to argue. But his mind is a little blown right now and he has to be sure. He pushes up on Cas's shoulder to get a look at his face. "Cas, do you— Can I?"
He dreams of being struck down, which happened, and of Dean being struck down, which didn't. One is more terrifying than the other.
It takes two seconds for the silence and stillness to get weird. The kitchen smells mouthwateringly good. It's warm and Cas is close and if Dean were to close his eyes he might end up dreaming this same scene. It wasn't as weird as he thought it would be, Cas cooking. But before he begins to think something sappy and stupid like
Dean jumps sideways before remembering it's just Cas. He yanks his pants better into place indignantly and glares at the angel seated on the edge of the other bed.
As Dean spreads his arms wide, attention totally on Sam, Castiel bolts for the stairs, leaping up them two at time. He’s down the hall and at the attic door by the time he hears a booming, “YOU LEFT,” from Dean, followed by another crash. Castiel sends a prayer to whatever’s out there that Sam’s okay and dashes up the attic steps.
The look Cas gives him could wither houseplants. "Yes," he growls. But his gaze slides off, his attention pulled elsewhere by whatever's happening in Heaven or Hell. "I have to go," he says, and disappears in the same breath.
Dean rolls back then, pulling Cas's leg with him, until he's on his back and Cas is straddled above him on his knees. Dean makes sure he's got his heels under him for leverage, his thighs bumping Cas's ass. He picks up his own dick and lubes himself up, his other hand pressed to Cas's pale abdomen as Cas looks down at him, watching, waiting. When Dean's good and slick and solid—and fuck if he's not far from coming—he beckons Cas down. "Go slow," he says. Cas nods and positions himself over Dean.
“Nothing. I told you, I’m fine. I’m beginning to believe I imagined it all.” Truly. The lack of activity now highlights just how much activity he’d been ignoring before. The house creaks less, no doors or cupboards are mysteriously open, the TV hasn’t turned itself on.
Dean doesn't do up the theme in the décor, though. Just sticks to the basics—long bar with stainless steel stools, half a dozen booths, couple tables. All the seats are covered in the sparkly red plastic stuff. He has a couple Zepp and AC/DC posters on one wall, a bulletin board of photos on the other. There's a picture of Ben and Lisa in one of the booths with Ben smiling through a face full of burger while Lisa grins with her chin planted on her fist; another of Sam sprawling the length of the countertop, exhausted after that marathon day of cleaning and painting; one of Bobby giving Dean a gruffly fond eye roll as Dean smiles and points to a framed one-dollar bill, his first honest dollar as a legitimate business owner; and of Cas, sleeves rolled up, towel over his shoulder, his smile open and his nose scrunched up in laughter.
The kiss Cas pulls him in for, fingers knuckled into the nape of his neck, yanking him close to seal their mouths—it's all the answer Dean needs.
"It 'didn't work out,'" Cas repeats, all solemn and focused, and still with the flour on his cheek. "So you make dinner and do chores in exchange for . . ."
The kitchen's a mess. On the stove are burnt pancakes, rumpled pancakes, and smears of pancake batter from failed attempts to flip pancakes. There's a box of Bisquick and some egg shells, a carton of milk, bottle of syrup, and a can of whipped cream on the counter.
“Thank you for telling me,” Castiel says, voice raspier than expected. “I’m sorry for what happened but I’m glad you shared that.”
Sam stops in the doorway and does a crap job of pretending not to look worried. "Oh, yeah, uh. He left last night."
For as many times as they've come this close in his dreams, they haven't actually done this before, Dean realizes. Somehow it jacks up how hot it is that Cas says his name like that.
Dawn is different in Kansas. Early pink light bleeds through the fields of tall grasses behind the house until the sun itself appears, a great orange orb rather than a distant, flat disc. Castiel stands at the kitchen sink with a mug of coffee as he has for the past several mornings, watching. He hasn’t showered yet—might not shower at all today. He also hasn’t shaved for a while, and he’s wearing the same jeans and tee he wore yesterday. The few suits he brought with him all hang in the closet of the bedroom he’s chosen to sleep in, the only one without broken window panes. Dawn isn’t the only difference in his new life.
"Then why'd you come? Why bother being here? I mean, you've been so busy lately." It's unfair and Dean knows it. Even if he's mad at Cas for being MIA the past few months—which he is, he really is—he doesn't get to be mad at him for this. The fact that the situation is completely fucking hopeless isn't Cas's fault. But Dean's too angry to care. "Hate to bug you with our petty people problems," he digs.
He digs his fingers into Cas's knees and grits his teeth. He wants to order his body to come, demand it get him there
He’s not sure how long it takes him to escape the undertow of endorphins, but Dean’s breaths are already slow and deep when Castiel is aware again, his hands resting loosely on Cas’s back. Castiel doesn’t want to move. He could fall asleep right here, like this, listening to the steady beat of Dean’s heart. But then,
that doubles as a plea for more and Castiel obliges, adding a second finger. He drops kisses over Dean’s back, hot promises sealed into skin. He sucks at a vertebra, bites the meat of his shoulder, all the while working his fingers in and out, in and around.
"New deal. She holds down the fort in Cicero, maybe gets herself a real boyfriend someday, and I set up shop here. Try doing my own thing. Somebody once told me it would be good to have a place of my own. I finally got the point."
He leans up and pushes at Dean’s shoulder to make him lie flat. Dean gathers a pillow under his cheek as Castiel plants a knee and swings the other over the dip of Dean’s back. Balancing on Dean’s backside, he reaches through the dark to trace Dean’s shoulders. He runs cupped hands firmly up Dean’s arms and drags them back down, tracing each sleek muscle as he goes, complex precision and power. He kneads the muscles of Dean’s back, hoping to ease the tension from between his shoulder blades, all the skin he can't see smooth and warm under his hands.
Cas's eyelids flutter, mouth falling open momentarily before he gulps, twisting his hips to bear down on Dean's fingers. "Hop to, sailor," he challenges.
Cas's chuckle turns into a contented hum. He fumbles a hand blindly back, trying to slide it between their bodies, but Dean stops him and shushes into his ear. "No hurry," he says. "Just let me." Cas gives a short huff but withdraws his hand. Dean shifts even closer, feeling the swish of his dogtags against his chest before they're trapped as he presses skin to skin, not leaving an inch between them. It's too warm, there's already a sheen of sweat covering them both, but it's good like this.
Castiel hums, memory and desire tugging inside him, alive again with confirmation. “So it happened.”
Before Dean can reach for a towel, Cas takes hold of Dean's wrist. Swift but deliberate, he folds the tip of Dean's thumb into his mouth and Dean's lungs stutter to a halt. Stock still and stunned, he watches as Cas closes his eyes and sucks firmly. He feels Cas's tongue drag against the fleshy pad of his thumb, extra sensitive from its contact with the paring knife. Cas parts his lips enough to circle his tongue once, then closes them again and pulls back with a hum.
"You could read my mind," Dean says with a shrug, and regrets it immediately—one glance sideways and he gets mesmerized by the slender strip of bare skin at Cas's neck, the blunt ends of his fingers as they trace over recipe card, and the several dozen things he wants to do to and with those body parts alone.  Yeah, he really doesn't want the angel poking around in his head.
And Castiel sees it now, the ashen color of Dean's skin, the tremor in his hands. He longs to heal him, to take away his pain.
Castiel’s skin prickles all over, cooler than the afternoon sun should allow. He crosses his arms, digging his fists into the crooks of his elbows to keep from shaking, to keep calm, and surveys the mess again.
About halfway into a description of his dream diner, Dean realizes what Cas just did. He'd been tense, pissed off, ready to snap. Instead of acting on any of that, he'd slipped comfortably back into talking to Cas. He wants to be annoyed that he fell into the angel's trap, but, well. He . . . missed this. In the middle of all the other BS it's this he wanted back.
Dean's skin goes cold but his face is hot. "What do you mean? What do you mean there's something wrong with me?"
He thanks her and she releases his hand, eyes bright with unspoken worry. The next moment she’s wiped it away, however, and she dangles the keys from her thumb and forefinger with a smile before dropping them into his palm. He smiles back and gives a cursory half salute as she climbs into her car.
They move into the living room and Sam stops short when he sees the words on the wall—DON’T YOU DARE spelled out in jagged white gashes against the blood-red wall.
“Right, of course,” Sam concedes. “I don’t know what I can do to help, but I’m willing. I always wanted Dean to find some peace, even before he died. We had a family friend—sort of a second dad to us, really—who always said Dean would fight his own shadow if it could punch back.” Sam shakes himself out of the memory. “Sorry. It’s just been so long.”
Three fingers press against his lips, stopping his words. "You are not the cause of the world's ills, Dean Winchester, and you alone are not the only person who can solve them. Don't be sorry that I love you, Dean. I'm not."
he shifts away, aware that Cas's gaze follows him. He adds the noodles to the boiling water, and stirs the sauce. He takes a slurp off the spoon and is pleased to find it's damn delicious.
“I know it doesn’t sound particularly sane, but we lived—or, well—existed together. It was easy to be close.”
Dean feels it alright. It's about to punch out of his chest. "I'm fine," he says, guiding Cas's hand away. He's not fine. The pain is impatient. And he's hard again, too. Agonizingly hard, actually.
Castiel rolls his eyes before carefully aiming hammer and nail, wishing for the umpteenth time he’d bothered to rent a nail gun. He makes contact with the nail head on the first strike and pounds until the molding is held fast. “It seems to me the repairs to
So Castiel makes himself at home. He tugs the area rug flat, drags the couch back into place, sets up the TV again, and nestles the radio where he wants it. Killing time, he adds some throw pillows he’d bought while out and arranges the potted plants Meg had given him as a housewarming gift in the nook of the bay window. Someday he’ll hang art on the walls, maybe a nice big mirror. But for now, for his purposes tonight, this is enough to reclaim the space as his.
The bed is too hot but the air is too chilled. His thoughts skip and repeat like a broken record. Memories of Angelus, mostly. Nothing in particular precipitated this—he hasn’t been contacted by anyone from back East and he’s continued to avoid financial news beyond tracking his own investments. But tonight his final projections of impending disaster are on loop in his head and the taste of bitter rejection is on the back of his tongue.
On the third day, Sam drives them to Bobby's while Dean’s passed out in the passenger seat. But it's Cas who says something first.
Castiel relaxes his shoulder and lets the phone clatter to the floor. It feels like the screw threads have finally caught and he scrambles to tighten the cover into place. He pumps a triumphant fist when cover stays put.
They come through with a flash of light. It hurts from the inside out, like everything from Dean’s hamstrings to his guts is being ripped up through his chest. But that's still better than 100% of everything that could have happened to any of them in Purgatory.
—lit up at point-blank range, showered with gunfire, and crippled by a couple torpedoes to the gut—that could happen on any given convoy or cruise.
He's not numb from the pain. It's the opposite. His every nerve is flayed. He may as well not have skin. And yet, the brush of a hand down his arm, lips against his neck, the firm press of Cas's body—glorious, all of it.
"You've been in there for like an hour, dude. We have to go." Sam's voice moves away, muffled by the door, and Dean hopes he didn't hear the squeak of a moan that just escaped him.
Benny's a few feet away, shaking off the inter-dimensional vertigo. He gets to his feet first and holds out an arm for Dean. Dean looks up at him and nods, but takes a second to secure his grip on the mostly unconscious Cas before accepting it. Benny helps steady them both.
Castiel savors the after. He tips his chin to kiss Dean’s sweaty hair and waits for his pounding heartbeat to slow and the shocky jolts of joy to subside.
"Yup." Dean crosses one boot over the other. "It's my place of residence." He watches Cas's spine straighten.
Eventually he starts sleeping and dreaming again. The dreams leave him unsettled, though. He's always looking for something. Not like he's patting down his pockets because he can't find his lighter or like he's on the trail of some big bad. More like he's on a quest for the Holy Grail or Princess Toadstool or something, only in suburbia. Every night he's searching through houses with empty rooms and no one home and every morning he wakes up feeling like he's missing something.
Everyone in the world, or at least this intersection, is really damn lucky Dean's foot is already on the brake. "I'm sorry, what?" he leans into the question, ear cocked to hear every syllable Sam's about to utter. "Cas said what?"
He dreams of the Leviathan falling from the sky, about their last moments in Purgatory. The creatures had dropped from above in every direction, one final offensive to capture and kill the angel who had so abused them. Dean bravely fought his way forward to the portal while the vampire did battle at Castiel's side, protecting him from behind. But the vampire fought to ensure his own escape with Dean. Castiel fought only to ensure Dean's.
At some point after that, a couple weeks or maybe a month later, Dean gets tired. Really fucking tired. But not the kind of tired that makes his eyelids sink shut. More like bone-deep tired. Too-much-work-to-lift-my-arms-right-now tired. He lets Sam drive.
Cas darts one of those unreadable angel glances at him and adds the diced green peppers to the simmering pot of stewed tomatoes and sauce. He stirs and taste-tests the mixture, adding more chili powder as Dean cracks open cans of kidney beans and drains off the water.
The realization he’s left with is the same one he started with: his and Dean’s experiences of family have been so very, so vastly different. His older brother never loved him the way Dean loves Sam. Dean sacrificed everything for Sam, while Castiel was sacrificed to Michael’s plan. Both circumstances were unfair, but he doubts Dean would ever see it that way.
Cas laughs and there's a jumble of affection and satisfaction in the low roll of his voice when he says, "Welcome home, Dean."
Maybe it's how tired he still is, or his lack of mojo, or the nightmares, but Cas is quietly compliant. He helps Dean help him up, concentrates on each step. It doesn't seem to be that there's anything wrong with his legs so much as he's dizzy and weak with exhaustion.
Dean stops breathing for a second. This ability of Cas's to pop up anywhere seems less convenient and more cosmically unfair now that the apocalypse is over—a guy should always have the option to avoid the dude he accidentally made out with a month ago. He reaches down to retrieve the mayo and Cas watches him, head cocked in anticipation of an answer.
"Can I, Cas?" he whispers, nipping the shell of Cas's ear as he strokes and presses. "You up for it?"
Thing is, Dean's a munitions grunt—he knows his weapons. PT boats carry two torpedoes apiece per run, and Dean's boat bristles with two machine guns and four cannon. Every one of those guns is his baby. His boat can blow a hole in a Jap cruiser from sixteen thousand yards. And sure, firing a torpedo can be like a roll of the dice. Sometimes those Mark 8s would porpoise off course or even turn in a goddamn circle to head back at them. But sometimes—enough times—they leave the tube hot, cut straight under waves, and hit their mark true.
He does as Dean suggested, rinsing the soap from his hair and the bath residue from the rest of his body. His skin feels too soft and looks pink. The touch of his own hands to his scalp and shoulders feels nothing like Dean's.
Castiel looks up to see a brunette with an armful of books smiling at him. He turns his back on the so-called card catalogue.
“Oh wow. This is— She loved this thing. So did Dean. I remember we used to listen to records over and over. He’d put them on and sing loud to help me forget fights with Dad. And then, after he died, he’d make me buy him new albums he read about.”  Sam looks up to meet Castiel’s eyes. “This is crazy. It’s like you lived my life all over again. I’m so sorry.”
, he thinks as he scopes it out in the motel mirror, but he shrugs and pulls his t-shirt on the rest of the way, grabs his jacket, and goes to meet Sam.
“No! No, I don’t know him. Believe me, okay? I don’t know who your mystery man is—or was.” She snickers, then clears her throat. “But look, I think I saw him. A long time ago.”
Castiel considers his next words before he says them. It feels right to express the thought, but he’s not sure Dean will understand its importance. He watches their fingers commingle and takes the risk. “I think . . . I think I’m happy.” Only after the words are out does he look up to meet Dean’s gaze.
Dean almost panics when he feels Cas move, but he tries to trust, he does. He's rewarded with searing wet heat surrounding his cock.
Castiel misses Dean. He wonders if Dean thinks he’s returned to New York. Or, worse, that Castiel has confirmed Dean’s biggest fear and abandoned him. The knots in his stomach over that thought prevent him from accepting most of the food Meg offers, but that hasn’t stopped her from trying.
But an hour later, when he wrestles armloads of groceries up the steps and through the front door, he finds that he has to start over after all.
After everything—the weeks of labor, the mountains of home refurbishment research, the electrician and the window contractor and the cable guy, the missing tools and the plumbing and stripping all that infernal wallpaper—that hits a nerve. Castiel’s defensive instincts flare and his eyes narrow. “It’s my house. You’re dead.”
An intruder wouldn’t come this far out just to rearrange his furniture. A thief would’ve taken the television, not just moved it. He can’t even suspect Meg; her humor is twisted, but she wouldn’t manufacture evidence toward her cause, and she wouldn’t know where the radio had been, or the arbitrary hour he finally chose to leave the house. Nothing’s broken, he notes. It’s all just . . . not where he left it.
Cas sighs, plucks the measuring spoons from the counter and metes out a teaspoon of vanilla. "You never talk about you, Dean. The only way to know anything is to ask."
They work in silent tandem then, Dean reaching down to pull off Cas's crappy, worn-out hospital shoes and peel off his socks as Cas lifts each foot. Dean slides his fingers into the elastic bands of pants and boxers at Cas's hips, widening his fingers and pulling the material out away from where it's dug into him. He barely brushes his skin as he lowers his arms and he averts his eyes as he bends to the side, allowing Cas to use his shoulder as a brace to climb out of each leg.
"It's a possibility," Cas rumbles. "There are many afflictions spoken of in the ancient texts, even through your Middle Ages. I can't know which is affecting Dean."
He doesn't know why he does what he does next—maybe because they're so close, maybe because he's been touching Cas for an hour now, maybe because his face looks so soft, so lost—but Dean reaches out and cups Cas's cheek again, forcing him to look at Dean, grounding him here, now.
"The dreams were yours," Cas says, all seriousness—except his concentration is on the spatula as he shovels the perfectly done pancake onto a plate. He smiles up at Dean when it lands safely. "I only . . . suggested some locations. And made myself available. Positive reinforcement is an effective strategy."
Except there’s a mark along the crest of his right shoulder. Two pink half moons. The shape of a lover’s bite.
"Right now, I'm the reason you exist, Cas, and I put a lotta work into making sure you do." He knows he's angry, knows he's being gruff and almost shouting, but he doesn't care. It's too important.
He touches as Dean decides, finger fitted in place, petting gently, painting the idea of what he wants with just a fingertip. When Dean relaxes under his touch Castiel’s finger dips into his body heat. “M’kay,” Dean mumbles, and Castiel smiles, giving the top of Dean’s ear a peck before he pulls back.
Yesterday Sam went to interview the families of the most recent victims. Today Bobby's at the Sioux City morgue. And Dean's sitting on his ass on the couch, wrapped in a blanket, with the blinds closed, because he's fucking cold all the time for no reason and anything brighter than a 60-watt bulb gives him a headache. He's useless and he knows it and it pisses him off.
His new midday hobby is experimenting with making different kinds of sandwiches for lunch. At Angelus he had typically worked through lunch or eaten out, so constructing an everyman afternoon meal has a kind of charm.
Castiel had taken it from the cabinet to examine again one afternoon just as his phone began to bleat from somewhere in the kitchen. He plucked the phone out from the pile of clean dishes on the kitchen counter (not at all convinced that’s where he’d left it, but oh well), took the call, and forgot all about putting the soldier back in the hutch.
It starts with a bruise. Dean notices it after they bring down that demon. It's on his back, definitely from getting thrown into that brick pillar—it's ugly, but he's had worse. He doesn't think about it again until just over a week later, when he notices it's still there.
Dean yanks him back up. "No, not here. Bedroom," he orders. Cas pouts. Dean surveys the pancake mess on the stove, the Bisquick and whipped cream and egg shells on the counter and shakes his head. "Cas, I promise to fuck you on the kitchen floor some other day. Right now, this first time, I'm going to fuck you in bed. Trust me on this one."
Dean ducks his chin to his shoulder and coughs back the start of a sudden lump in his throat. When he looks back, Cas is all eyes again. Big, soft, stupid blue angel eyes.
in favor of "Get down!" just as a filing cabinet launches across the room at Dean's head. He dives behind an overturned cubicle to find Bobby scribbling some runes on the floor.
Dean whips around to see Cas, unkempt but unbloodied. Surprise, relief, and something hokey like excitement ring through Dean louder than the clatter of the spoon he just dropped in the sink.
Cas sets the spatula down very carefully, away from the hot burner. His breath is already ragged. "Dean," he repeats. "Do you know why it was always kitchens, Dean? Why I came back to watch you cook?" Dean wags his head, presses a near silent no into Cas's hair. "Because you're beautiful when you're in control. When you're working." Dean rubs his thumb over the damp slit of Cas's cock. "Oh," Cas wavers. "Oh, yes." He makes a little plaintive moan-y sound. "Always wanted your hands on me, Dean."
"A shower," Dean quips, and gives himself a second to take stock. His stomach hurts, sharp and strong, but it's a constant ache, not a stabbing one. He feels weak but not fatigued, and his head feels clear, if a little woozy—all of which is probably from not eating for a couple days. It takes longer for those things to click than it should, but they do. Dean's eyebrows crunch together and he feels his stomach rumble. "And I think I'm hungry."
Dean can't get over Cas's sleek, clean-shavenness, soft and new. He touches his face to Cas's—temple to temple—and just holds there for a minute.
Confused, Dean waves a hand between Castiel and a dangling strip of molding. “Hey, don’t quit now! You were on a roll there.” Castiel ignores him, turning left across from the kitchen and heading for the door to the basement.
"Come on, c'mere," he beckons, tugging Cas fully on top of him. Cas grinds down, mimicking Dean's move earlier, and Jesus, yeah, that's more like it. Dean can't resist going with it, kissing and tasting Cas everywhere he can, their hips exchanging thrusts. Eventually, though, he forces his way up again, tilting their bodies just enough to get his hand around both of them and fuck yes.
The realtor is waiting on the front porch when Castiel pulls up in his rental car, her smile as tight as her grip on the folders of paperwork clutched to her chest. The windy spring day tosses the budding branches of a sprawling maple tree in the yard, but Castiel suspects she’s not bracing in the wind. Her tension probably has more to do with the fact that he’d called just yesterday to inform her that he’d be purchasing the property, at the asking price, sight unseen. Not a typical transaction, especially not in this part of the country.
Wishing away the lump in this throat, Castiel turns back toward the hall. He passes through into the dining room—which, other than some jostled wall art, remains largely untouched by Dean’s rampage—and stops at the china cabinet. “Hey, I recognize that guy,” Sam says, spotlighting the toy soldier through the glass. “We had a whole bucket of army men early on and used to play with ’em all the time. Can’t believe one survived.” Sam shines his light around the room and marvels more at Castiel’s work before continuing into the kitchen.
Castiel cocks his head to read it. It’s a phone number. He returns her smile and bobs a nod. “I will. Thank you.”
She drops out of sight to shuffle around on a shelf below the counter, then pops up and spins a manila folder toward him just as he reaches the reference desk.
A hand finds Cas’s thigh, hasty and goading, and Castiel wrestles with the temptation to push in, to have Dean tight around his cock and come hard inside him so he can crawl back down and suck it out of him, lap up the mess as it slides out of Dean’s fucked-wide hole. But he bites his lip and resists. Another day, when he can see it, when he can watch Dean’s rim give up his come and see the shock and wonder on Dean’s face as Castiel leans down to clean it up.
The Castiel of a year ago would never have considered instigating a hand job with his boyfriend outside in broad daylight, even at home alone in a house on a barely traveled country road. Too much risk.
Cas sags against his chest. His heartbeat's hammering. "More to feel, more of you. I want more of you."
Closing the bathroom door, he flicks the switch for the light, glad there's still just the one ugly incandescent bulb stuck in the fixture above the mirror. He pulls his t-shirt up to his ribs and picks at a corner of the bandage until he can peel it back. It hurts like a sonofabitch and Dean ends up braced against the counter, breathing through the pain. Another bruise catches his eye then, this one on his side, near his hip. He hikes his shirt a little higher but the bruise keeps going. He can't think of what it might be from, not that it matters. Falling on Bobby, maybe? He peels his shirt off the rest of the way.
The bottom drops out of Dean's chest. "A deal? Like, a demon deal?" The hollow feeling only grows. He wishes he more than half remembered Cas's confessions the night before.
,” Castiel gasps. His hips stutter in place even before his first short thrust, and he feels Dean shudder as he moves, sliding up and then down the slick and sensitive channel. After he regains some control, Castiel prods the blunt head of his cock against the ripe rim Dean’s body, not to seek entrance, just because he knows what it does to Dean, the feel of it, the potential for it.
He doesn’t tell Meg. It’s a decision made out of pride, perhaps, but also persistent skepticism. Once the sun is up and burning its arc through that endless blue Kansas sky from one side of the house to the other, it’s hard to remember what happened that night, let alone believe there could be a spirit lingering in the house’s shadows. So Castiel carries on, fixing, improving, tweaking. He finishes scraping off the wallpaper layers from the dining room and—fingers wrinkled and drenched to his elbows from hours of spongeing warm water on the walls to loosen the glue—vows to never, ever add another.
