"What is that?"
"Why do you think?" Sherlock reached into his left-hand pocket and withdrew the small foil packet he'd scrounged from the back of the drawer of John's nightstand.
Mycroft emerged from the kitchen and opened the front door before Leon had a chance to ring the bell. “Anything of interest?”
"She's great. We went to the park and watched the geese and then after dinner she was tired so I got out my old sleeping bag and pretended we were camping and now she's asleep on the floor of my bedroom. You can get her in the morning. How's everything going over there?"
"John!" Sherlock cried out, and his whole body twitched and shuddered, cock driving deeper as John's arse spasmed around it.
"No, it really hasn't." He squinted at John, who had pulled out his own phone and was presumably calling Mycroft back at the house. Not that trying to trace the call had done much good last time.
"No. I'm sorry, Mary," John said. "Sherlock, I need you to tell me exactly what evidence there is that led you to believe we've been having an affair."
"What? No, I don't have any doubts about that, Sherlock. I know you'll be able to take care of her. I've seen you with Rosie." He pushed aside the lingering memory of Sherlock panicking this morning before he revealed that he'd had cocaine hidden in his flat for the past two years.
"Children." John shook his head, then grabbed the jars from Sherlock's hand. He went back into the kitchen and returned a moment later, a brown paper bag on his lap. He held it out to Mycroft. "There. Double-bagged. No chance of any unwelcome fluids getting on your suit, Mycroft. And the two of you can race to be the first to find out who the fingers belonged to. Good luck!"
"Of course. I'll talk to Mycroft, see about setting something up for next month, after the holidays."
"Yeah, that happens when the water breaks. Come on." He put his hands out and Sherlock huffed and turned around, sparing John the need to try to physically wrestle him back towards the bedroom.
John shrugged again, then opened his eyes and nodded.
"Shut up, Mycroft." John turned away from him, bringing Eve up to his shoulder again. He forced his mind away from the drama of Eurus, trying to remember more things they would need to get for Eve. A changing table—Sherlock's bed would work for now, but a proper table at waist height would be ideal, and with Rosie still in nappies herself, he couldn't bring hers here. Rosie. "I have to call Molly and find out what time she needs me back. She's had Rosie for over 24 hours. Do you think you and Eve will be all right alone, Sherlock?"
"Okay, then we need a new plan. What should we do?"
“I am, Rosie. Don’t worry.” He wished briefly that he was wearing his hat—if he was going to be recognized, he might as well play to his audience. But his true audience wasn’t the dozens of people around with their phones out, despite the signs warning against photo-taking. Rosie: she was the only reason he was here. “It’s time I let the world see the real me, I suppose.”
He set the phone down and leaned back against his pillow to wait. He knew it wouldn't be long. Yet when the phone rang less than a minute later, he almost didn't answer it. He closed his eyes and picked it up in the middle of the third ring, hitting the answer button without saying a word.
"O-kay." John put his hands into the warm, soft pockets of the dressing gown and tipped his head, waiting for an explanation.
"I would've made you turn around and put them right back."
Molly nodded. "Eve. Yeah. I hope.... I mean, I think Sherlock will be a great father. He's a natural with Rosie. I just hope Eve doesn't end up like Eurus anyway. I know Sherlock used to pretend to be a sociopath, but he's really a caring person who was just trying to hide his emotions. So it's natural he would think his sister is the same, but she's an actual sociopath, don't you think? And yes, there can be a genetic predisposition, but the environment a child is raised in can also contribute—"
John raised his eyebrows.
"Yeah. Yeah." John's grin was back in full force. "And I think it will be good for Rosie, too, and for Eve. To have us both around."
John crossed the room to pick up the
John raised an eyebrow. "You sure about that? Because I think I might know a cure."
I realized this prompt started with a "b" so obviously I had to write a 221B. (Except first draft came in at 435 words! Luckily I love editing.)
Sherlock sighed. "You said it would take a lot more than one criminally insane sibling to tear us apart. Did you mean it?"
Sherlock let his head flop against the arm of the sofa and waved a hand dismissively in the air. “We...argued. He said he needed some space but that he’d come back. Don’t worry. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.”
"She manipulated every doctor and therapist who ever tried to treat her."
"Sherlock!" Mycroft's voice followed him, but he ignored it.
"I'm early," Sherlock said. "I was waiting for you in the morgue."
"Nothing to be sorry for, Sherlock." He let his hand fall to his side.
"Oh, sweetie, what's wrong?"
"What?" Sherlock put both hands into his hair, trying to fluff it a bit.
I admit that when I came up with the prompt "wind" it was so I could include Eurus/The East Wind. :) (Also I may enjoy writing angry!John a little too much and it's been months since the last time I got to do it.)
"So, what? She's just going to stay here? You're going to live here with Eurus and an infant?"
"Doesn't matter. He's not coming after John now. If he'd wanted to hurt him, he would have done it today while he had him."
And he was in very little danger. Moriarty wanted him alive.
The door to the bedroom was open, and Sherlock popped out through it as soon as John set foot in the hallway. He was barefoot, dressed in a pair of trousers and a dark blue dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. "John, thank God. I wasn't sure if you would really come."
"I know," John said. He bit at the inside of his lip, unable to express his fear that calling Rosie and Eve siblings would only make him even more aware of the relationship he and Sherlock would never have. He swallowed back a sigh and put his hand on Rosie's back. "Sherlock's right, sweetie. Eve will be just like a little sister to you."
"Good. Good." John smiled at him and Sherlock grinned back, then they turned as one to tell Rosie to stop trying to eat the few flakes of snow she had managed to collect from the ground.
"Oh, sweetie, I feel you there.” Molly reached out and patted Rosie’s shoulder. “But you'll find someone someday, I promise."
"Regardless, your flat will not be habitable for a few days, at least," Mycroft said. "The two of you will need to be temporarily relocated."
John could hear the anguish in Sherlock's voice, and a flicker of worry started to worm its way into his mind as he considered what might render Sherlock unable to leave the flat or call 999. "Why can't you? Damn it, Sherlock, this isn't—"
"Okay," Sherlock said. He planned to sleep with John, anyway, but his parents couldn't have known that. He lifted the larger of the suitcases he was carrying. "I'll just put this—"
"John?" Sherlock asked, and John knew he must have let his thoughts show on his face. "Do you want me to go run a bath? We could get in together, wash each other's backs."
"So?" They had hours before Rosie would be home.
“He hasn’t.”
"Good," she growled. "Can I start pushing? I want to be done now."
"What happened?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
Mycroft didn't rise to Sherlock's taunting, which made almost as much of an impression on Sherlock as his next words. "If you'll recall, before we locked him up, Moriarty was targeting you, Sherlock. Playing a game, trying to entice you, and when he attempted to kidnap John we speculated it was to remove him from the picture so he would have you to himself."
"I know." Sherlock stepped over to the luggage rack and rummaged in the suitcase until he found the new tube. "You do realize that I plan to use this on myself first, right?"
Sherlock shook his head. "Well, as it turns out, if you had ended up with Mary, you might still have had a life full of danger and intrigue. What with her being a spy and an assassin and all."
"Er, Sherlock," Lestrade said. "If you want to leave, you'd better do it now."
Sherlock lifted his head to look. "You just put the salad between two slices of bread."
Sherlock carried Rosie out of the bathroom and John turned to look at himself in the mirror. Handsome was not the first word to come to mind. And the shirt was too big on him, although when he rolled up the sleeves a couple of times, it looked fairly normal.
Handsome? John tried to keep his expression neutral. Sherlock was just making conversation with Rosie—he didn't really mean it. Did he? No. Unless it was a veiled criticism of John's own wardrobe.
"Oh." John swallowed, mouth suddenly gone dry.
John tightened his grip, pulling Sherlock forward until he stumbled over the lead. John grabbed him high on the other arm and stopped him from falling. "Why won't you hit me back, you arse?"
Moriarty used two fingers to flick at John’s face. When there was no response, he nodded and lifted the hem of his vest up over his chest. “Oh, oh! Look at that! Even better than I expected.” He stepped  slightly to the side, still holding the shirt up, so the camera had a full view of John’s chest. “I felt the ring earlier, but oh, my—I didn’t know about the muscles. This is one very defined chest your little pet has, Sherlock. I can definitely see the appeal.” He ran his free hand up from John’s waist to the pierced nipple, giving the ring a slight tug.
"Oh, we'll see if I have other options, will we?" Sherlock let his voice fill with bitterness, and slumped back in the armchair.
"Yeah, I think so." John yawned and blinked his eyes shut for a moment. "She's snoring, at least. She kept down the last few sips of water that I gave her, and her temperature is almost back to normal."
He hesitated. "Mummy's not even 74 until August."
"How did she—oh. The video of Moriarty. That was Eurus who did that?" At the time, John had thought it had been Mycroft or Sherlock himself, or perhaps even Mary's doing; he'd never made the connection to Eurus, though of course now that he knew she had met with Moriarty, it made sense.
"You don't think she would've helped Moriarty escape, do you? Thinking maybe they could get back together again?"
"Stone, hang on a second." John pushed the dog away. "I'll take you out in a minute. Sorry, Sherlock. I'm listening."
"I'm not."
"Mistletoe?"
That statement would not improve the current situation. He let go of Sherlock's hand and rubbed at his face, which he'd been trying to avoid doing for a week now. "I need to get out of this chair," he repeated.
"I don't see any reporters or cameras at the moment."
"For David."
"Oh, that is a good line. Nice job, love. Give me a kiss goodbye."
"Whoops, will you look at the time!" Moriarty pulled Sherlock's attention back to the phone. "We've been talking too long—I've got so much to do, so much to plan! See you later!"
Sherlock shrugged. "The wine bottles are obvious, and if you weren't on your fourth beer already, you would be able to smell the candles."
"Sherlock," John told him. "It has been a very, very long day and I need to get out of this chair and stretch out and you're blocking my path to the sofa."
"I wasn't trying to win you, Sherlock. I knew I'd lost you to...him. I was trying to punish you for making the wrong choice."
Sherlock let himself be pulled onto John's lap so they could wrap their arms around each other. He sagged against John's chest, whole body going limp with relief. "I thought I was going to have to rescue you. We were just down the road when I heard it, and I didn't know if you'd made it home yet."
"You can buy whatever you don't have," Mycroft said.
"Sorry, what? Since when?"
"Why is that so—?" Sherlock's fingers shifted in his mouth and his hand on their cocks changed its motion, sacrificing some of its earlier rhythm to speed up, stroking furiously between them.
Sherlock hesitated a moment, then nodded. He pushed the coffee table even further away from the sofa before sitting down at the end. "I could rub your feet, if you want. You've been working more than usual this week and wearing the same shoes every day."
"No." A twinge of dread crept up through his body and he reached out to take Rosie from Sherlock, wanting to keep her away from whoever was at the door downstairs. An overreaction, he hoped—Mycroft's men wouldn't let anyone get that close without vetting them first.
"Do you want me to turn it off?"
"No. No, you didn't." John shook his head. "That's not what I was going to say."
"Sherlock." John turned away from Rosie, lowering his voice. "Is this a joke? Please say you're joking."
"I do," Sherlock said.
"Oh, for God's sake." Lestrade glanced out into the hallway behind them, then ushered Molly inside so he could shut and bolt the door. He set the takeaway bag he'd been carrying down next to the television and looked at John. "Are you wearing my old t-shirt?"
When John and Stone were gone, Sherlock was once more able to lose himself in his study. He did a quick examination of the rings themselves: a matched pair, nearly the same size, though based on the fingers—
"I—" Sherlock swallowed, and John watched whatever doubts he may have had evaporate as his expression cleared. "Yes. Of course I do. She's my family."
"Downstairs," she said. "They muddy."
"Yes, it's perfect." John rested his head against the back of the tub and stretched out as far as he could—he could almost straighten his legs, but not quite. Definitely not room for the two of them. "Oh, God. It's been such a long day."
"It's almost three o'clock. She works from eight to four. She wouldn't take her lunch break now."
"Careful, they put a Foley in because they're giving me fluids."
Sherlock smirked and finished opening the box, then pulled out another box, this one covered in shimmering white gift wrap. "Rosie, this is a present for Eve, but would you like to help me open it? She's too small to do it herself."
"Mm-hmm. I drew lots of pictures and ate cheese and apples."
Sherlock frowned slightly, wondering how John could really have that much faith in him.
Sherlock tossed aside the sofa's cushions, then grabbed the metal bar to unfold the bed. When he had it pulled out all the way, John leaned forward and pushed down on the mattress with both hands. "It'll do. I've slept on worse."
Mycroft droned on about the cameras and Sherlock burrowed further into John's arms. John threaded the fingers of his right hand into the hair on the back of Sherlock's head and began to softly massage his neck, continuing until Mycroft tried to insist that they have one of his people stationed at Baker Street at all times.
"Oh, are you...?"
"Okay, then." John held his hands out as if he thought that would placate him. "So read it."
"Yes. I tried to send you a thank you note one year, but Dad said no way." He'd been a little more colorful about it than that, but Rosie still felt funny using bad words around adults.
I did my best with the details on this chapter, but I don't have a medical/childbirth beta or Britpicker for this story so I apologize for any mistakes. If you're squeamish about childbirth, don't worry, I was told this wasn't too detailed. It helps that as a writer I'm an under-describer anyway.
"I've never let her play in my room. You know that. The kitchen and hallway are always blocked off when she's here."
"You're okay," he said, giving her a gentle squeeze before he let go and stepped back.
"Whoa." John clutched at Sherlock's back and arm, nearly throwing him off balance.
He finished packing Rosie's bag, taking out all of the chunky LEGO pieces she had put into it—it was hard enough keeping track of the sets here in the house, never mind carrying them around London. He added two of the picture books that she liked to hear at bedtime, then headed down the hall to his own room.
"Damn it!" Sherlock clenched his fists and pounded once on Gemma's desk.
“Ah, poor Johnny. You like it when you can feel stuff, don’t you?” Moriarty let his vest drop down again and patted him on the bruised shoulder. “Not very much of that these days, is there? Oh well, probably should’ve been more careful when you ran out onto that fire escape last year.” He sighed and put himself squarely in front of John, filling the screen once more. “I can almost see why you like him, Sherlock. Almost.” He ran both hands down over his own chest suggestively. “Maybe I should have spent more time working out in prison. Though I don’t think nice abs really make up for nothing working below the waist, do they? Wouldn’t you rather have the whole package?”
Sherlock balled his fists in the pockets of his coat. "No. The idea of you falling off this roof doesn't frighten me in the least."
"Nope. Not hungry," John said, and nodded towards the sofa. Sherlock let his shoulders slump and dropped down onto it. He patted the cushion next to him, and John joined him immediately.
"No, he hasn't killed anyone else. Not yet, at least. Would you like some crisps?" He pulled the two packets he'd bought from his coat pocket.
Sherlock straightened up and waved his arm at the building behind them. "He already is. He got us to run all the way out here. I shouldn't have overreacted."
John turned off his phone and set it on the table next to his chair; across from him, Sherlock did the same. Rosie didn't often come to them for advice these days. "What's wrong, darling?" John asked.
Sherlock stood very still, replaying the words John had said, turning them over and around in his mind to see if he was misinterpreting or hallucinating or—
"No, no! That's not—" He gave a quick peek over his shoulder then once more faced away, at a complete loss as to what to do. No, he knew what he should do—he should leave, and pretend this hadn't happened at all, but he couldn't make himself do that.
"Sherlock, I'm not wearing any shoes!"
There was another pause, and Sherlock wished he could jump back sixty seconds in time and take it all back, but then John spoke. "It's okay," he said. "So do I. I mean sexually, non-sexually, all the time, really. That's how I think about myself all the time. It's definitely fantasising. It's okay."
John nodded once. "You have been an excellent nurse, all the years we've worked together."
"Yeah, come on in," John called over his shoulder, from where he sat on the floor of the bathroom. Rosie was in the tub in front of him, sitting in a foot of warm water, hugging her knees to her chest.
"It's okay. You were amusing. Wasn't the usual nightmare, anyway. I mean, it wasn't a good dream, but.... I just wanted to make sure you were still there."
"What?" John froze, his wallet in his hand. Why would she— "Why would you go to a thrift store?"
"And he's not in the military," Sherlock added.
"John, please—" Sherlock reached down to untangle himself from Stone so he could move.
"I know you know." He rolled onto his side and scooted closer to Sherlock, pulling the blankets up to both their shoulders. The sensation of lying down in their own bed was almost enough to make him relax. They'd been at the hospital since yesterday morning; Rosie had insisted they not spend another night there, and her husband had bustled them into a cab.
"Your prisoner's uniform would have interfered with our colour scheme."
Sherlock groaned and let his head fall into his hands again, though less because of Mycroft's presence than because he hadn't noticed the car before John had. Of course Mycroft would show up, after the text Sherlock had sent him earlier.
"I am tired. I am hungry. And my shoulders are really, really unhappy with me right now. I should've let them give me something stronger at the hospital but I didn't want to be even more sleepy."
"No, I don't. It's not exactly something we discuss, is it?"
"Not really in my skillset."
He adjusted his position so he could get his arms under the girl's shoulders and waist and lift her—she was bigger than she had been in the photo Moriarty had sent, but still weighed very little. He guessed she was about eight years old, and weighed perhaps four stone at the most.
"So those are all fake packages? Not real gifts?"
"Hmm?" John had picked up one of the newspapers on the coffee table but now put it back down.
So it was a bit of a shock when John walked into the flat on Sunday morning wearing not one of his normal boring weekend jumpers, but dressed as if he were going out on a date. Brown corduroy blazer over a neatly-pressed, blue checked shirt, hair styled more carefully than usual...did he have a date today? No, it was too early in the morning for a date, and anyway if he did have one, he would have told Sherlock, if only to let him know that he'd need to watch Rosie. Today was Valentine's Day, and John didn't have a date, but he was dressed as if he did, and, and....
"You're pregnant and John is the father."
"Sounds like Mary," Sherlock said, and John glanced at him, wondering if Mary was the only other pregnant woman he'd ever known. Possibly. Just about the only woman he knew under age 70 was Molly.
Sherlock exhaled and nodded. "Just caught me by surprise. Wasn't expecting a text."
"I don't know. Do I look like I play with dinosaurs?"
John crossed the room to meet her at the door. "Thank you again for watching Rosie. I really didn't know I was going to be here for so long."
Sherlock thought it unlikely, but didn't know what else they could do besides sit and wait for Moriarty's next move. Which was infuriating. He motioned to John that they were leaving, and John followed him out of the office. At least this time he didn't stop to talk to every person he saw on the way.
"What are you doing?"
"You don't need to go to there. You can buy new things for your friends. I'll give you enough money."
"He's broken! Why would you still love him? I don't know why you would love him in the first place, but especially not now! He can't do anything!"
John reacted first, letting Sherlock's cock slide from his mouth with a curse. He dropped his hands to the rims of his chair, tried to push himself back, then cursed again when the chair didn't move because he hadn't unlocked the wheels.
"I was not strange."
He narrowed his eyes at her, knowing she was being sarcastic but also worried about where Sherlock had gone. "You will be fine. Don't push until I get back." He darted out of the room, calling Sherlock's name as he ran.
He glanced behind himself but Mycroft's men were nowhere in sight. That was fine. They would catch up eventually, and Sherlock wanted to be the one to find and rescue John. Moriarty had been right about that.
"Well, now you don't have to. You're welcome, by the way."
"God. Jesus. God," Sherlock repeated.
He awoke to the dull grey light of a London morning and an almost overpowering urge to leave immediately so he could go and get Rosie. He'd spent a few nights apart from her, twice on cases with Sherlock and once last autumn when he'd gone to a medical conference and she'd stayed here at Baker Street, but now he missed her much more than he had either of those times. As soon as he checked to make sure everyone downstairs had survived the night, and talked to Sherlock about what they were going to do next, he would go and pick her up from Molly's. He could make it a special day for the two of them together. Maybe ice cream and a trip to the park, if the rain held off.
"Because I'm around people more. Just...let's not talk about this, okay? Any of this. I just want to sit here and not think for a little while and then I want to have a bath or a shower and possibly burn all the clothes I've worn this week. Either sit down with me or go do something else."
Thank you to everyone who's read this and especially those of you who took the time to leave comments! If you're interested in reading more of my fic, all of my works can be found
Sherlock let his mind race through possible ways to escape—
Sherlock smiled, very close to a real one. "Curiosity. It must run in the family."
"Nothing new," Sherlock replied, shoving his mask into his coat pocket as he pulled the door shut behind him. "Just his shoulders. Where's Rosie?"
"I don’t have crushes," he repeated. "Especially not on fictional characters. Or celebrities."
Sherlock watched him, trying to tell if his equanimity was genuine. John stacked the mail into three piles and then moved over to the desk and started to tidy the papers that sat there, clearly trying to keep himself busy to avoid thinking.
"John." Sherlock tipped his head down so his hair could be pulled more easily, but his hand working their cocks never paused or slowed. He'd only seen John give himself a few strokes, but somehow in that time he'd learned exactly how he liked to be touched. Unless he had heard him before, all the times that John had lain in this bed alone, thinking of Sherlock. Had they been wanking at the same time without John ever knowing? Oh, God. Maybe he should've been embarrassed, but instead the thought aroused him even more. He tightened his grip in Sherlock's curls and brought their mouths together again, pushing past Sherlock's lips with his tongue.
"It's very common, nothing to worry about. Rosie had a little bit of it, after she was born. She should see a paediatrician soon, anyway, and they can test her for it. Probably won't even need to be treated." He nodded towards the window. "Letting her sit in the sunlight like this might help, too."
"Of course I do, Rosie. I love you both a whole lot. But I still don't want to listen to you discuss ashes and soot." John headed off through the kitchen, but Rosie didn't let Sherlock dwell on his slight for long.
Sherlock read the message on his phone out loud, "Au revoir, ma belle petite famille -E." He turned to John "It means—"
Another very smutty one, so skip this chapter if you're trying to avoid that! :) 🎄
"Mrs. Hudson is home. She doesn't know what's going on up here, yet. You can leave Rosie with her. But trust me, Eurus is in no condition to harm anyone right now."
John followed her, pulling his phone from his pocket again as he climbed the stairs. He hit Molly's number, hoping she would answer. There was no way in hell he was going to bring Rosie to Baker Street with him. He'd drop her at the morgue with Molly if need be; anything was better than having her in the same building as Eurus.
"I don't want cheese on mine," Sherlock said.
Sherlock's stomach sank, convinced that John had been right and someone had snapped a photo of him carrying Sherlock in his lap. He risked a quick glance at the paper and saw instead a full-body shot of himself, carrying the little girl out of Speedy's, John just visible behind them. He pulled the paper closer so he could skim through the attached article. The mother of the children that he and John had helped from the building had given an interview, the sum of which amounted to several columns of twaddle about how grateful she was that they had been there.
"It'll be fine. And the house is isolated enough that it's easy to keep secure, right, Mycroft?"
"In a minute." John exhaled and wadded Sherlock's handkerchief into the pocket of his trousers, then gestured over his shoulder towards the ambulance. "Let me go tell them what I think about the poison, save them some time at the hospital."
"Well, I saw the two of you on Sunday, didn't I? And I've seen the way you look at each other all these years."
The apology, coupled with Sherlock's hesitant posture, told John everything he needed to know about his state of mind. Scared. Of course. John was scared, too, though he knew health-wise they were both probably going to be fine. But it was not easy to escape the feeling of dread that had slowly been building across the whole world and had now found a home here in their flat.
"Mycroft's barber?" John lifted his head to look at him. "And pay hundreds of quid for a trim?"
John lowered the tablet and twisted in his chair to look at him. He glanced at the bottle before returning his gaze to Sherlock's face. "Molly said that?"
He stood over the cot and took a few deep breaths, letting the peaceful sight of the baby and the steady sound of the water running in the bathroom calm him. A few minutes without Eurus. Good. He could hear feet pounding down the stairs as Sherlock went to procure clean sheets, so he began to pull the dirty ones from the bed. The blood stains weren't too bad; there were a few spots on the mattress pad but nothing had soaked through to the mattress itself. And he could certainly think of worse circumstances that would involve Eurus leaving a blood-stained mess in Sherlock's flat.
"This is a grown-up job," Sherlock told her. "Why don't you get the snowflake ornaments Granny Hudson gave you and find the best spots to hang them on the tree?"
Only 2 more chapters. And guess what happens in the next one!?
John shook his head, but he was smiling now. "Sherlock...," he said.
"Ah, no, darling. I don't want to get my work clothes all sooty."
“That’s—”
"I have no idea if she wants to nurse, Sherlock. You can ask her. Did you really get all of that done while I was in with her?"
Sherlock knew he would be kicking at the gravel path if he could.
"I called Kelly—she's the one I went to school with—and told her I had already paid for a week at a resort in Mallorca, but that something came up and I couldn't go, so they could go in my place, as long as they could leave immediately. They were thrilled."
Sherlock wiped at the corner of his mouth before answering. “Yes, because Mummy is probably making her whatever she asks for."
Sherlock continued to ignore him. He scooted the café chair close enough to John that their shoulders were touching, then threaded his left arm through John's right, settling his hand on top of John's on the table. The press of John's biceps against his triggered a list of what he liked about John's body, but that wasn't what was important at all. "Moriarty's boring. He's too one-dimensional. You're much more interesting than he'll ever be."
John opened and closed his mouth a few times before saying, "Playing...what did he do to me?"
Mummy rose up from the sofa and came over to him. “Sherlock. I know it’s hard, but you won’t help John by running off willy-nilly. Now, come on into the kitchen and I’ll brew you some chamomile tea.”
"I—I don't know."
"How am I supposed to know the answer to that?"
John laughed, buoyed by a curious mix of euphoria, incredulity and desire. "When I've imagined this day, I always thought that you would be the nervous one and I would have to reassure you."
"When did you order a rocking chair?"
"We're not really big wedding ceremony people," John said.
After a moment, John stopped fighting back, unwilling to embarrass himself any further when it was clear he couldn't win. Why did Sherlock have to be so damned tall and strong? And why had he felt compelled to stop him from punching Mycroft?
"Hmm. No, you're right. She's probably not that desperate."
John looked up at him, puzzled. "You—thank you, but I don't need—"
Sherlock took a few seconds to position himself, on his knees just below the pillows. He cracked the seal on the lubricant and smeared it over the fingers of his left hand and reached behind himself again, head tipping back and eyes closing.
Sherlock held the baby so John could clamp and cut the umbilical cord, then attend to Eurus. She lay nearly unresponsive while he made sure all of the afterbirth had been expelled and that she wasn't bleeding too heavily.
Rosie's favorite gift by far was the toy gun from the package that Mycroft handed to her after he had already presented her with his usual gift of stock certificates. She'd immediately abandoned everything else she’d received and was currently hiding behind the Christmas tree, the barrel of the gun poking through the branches as she followed Sherlock's movements. He was humoring her, ducking behind John's chair and then peeking over the top of it before darting out of the way again when she tried to fire her weapon.
"You should have let Mycroft take the fingers." John was still wearing his gun and holster, which made it difficult to focus on exactly what he was saying.
Sherlock pulled his phone from his pocket, briefly locking eyes with John before he looked at it. John nodded once, then reached past his ringing mobile to hit the speakerphone button on the landline.
"No. They're mine."
"The most I can ever get into him is an occasional apple," Mrs. Hudson said. "Unless it's baked into a pastry, then he'll eat most anything."
John didn't respond, unsure of why Eurus thought his knowledge of treatments for piles would make Sherlock like him.
Sherlock pursed his lips. "Yes. I have said that. I used to think it was true. But John, you and I have been in a relationship since the day we met."
"Ah. Of course." Molly stepped back from the table. "Rosie, you're a smart girl, usually, but you should really know better than to ever follow any sort of lifestyle advice from Sherlock."
In contrast, it did indeed appear as if Eurus had held an infant before. She cradled her in the crook of her arm against her chest and when Eve turned her head towards her, Eurus lifted her camisole and tried to get her to open her mouth by stroking her face with one finger. "I've been reading about breastfeeding," she said. "I know I'm most likely not producing any milk yet, but I don't know what it will feel like when I do."
He swallowed back laughter at the spectacle of Mycroft singing as he realised what he'd just seen. "Moriarty filmed you?"
"I can't. I can't—"
"I want to hold her." She looked up at Sherlock with eyes that John knew were impossible to resist.
Just a reminder that in this fic universe, Moriarty went to prison after The Great Game, but never kidnapped John and brought him to the pool so he and Sherlock have never actually met in person. (My reasoning is that if Sherlock and John got together as a couple soon after meeting, John wouldn't have gone to Sarah's and then been kidnapped as he was in TGG. )
John's smile was wider now, and seeing it directed at him in this context made Sherlock's head swim. He couldn't look him directly in the face, for fear that John would see what he'd hidden for so long. But this—a massage—this was good. Only a small taste of what Sherlock truly longed for, but better than nothing at all. Wasn't it?
If you haven't read
"It's 8:15," Rosie told him.
"I'm right here. I can't get any closer."
"How considerate of you."
She didn't leave their flat until their dinner arrived, at which point Sherlock let himself be coaxed him off the sofa by the scent of garlic bread. Neither he nor John mentioned the
John nodded. "She—" He cut himself off, abruptly spun his chair around in a half circle, and leaned over to vomit onto a patch of grass surrounding a small street tree. He stayed bent over for several moments before straightening up, shoulders bunched even more tightly than they'd been before.
It would explain why he was late coming home, but he'd never shown any interest in buying plants before now.
"How long has he been asleep?" John asked, as he began to unpack the food.
"Rosie's been asleep since eight, Sherlock."
Home. Yes, he wanted to go home, as long as Moriarty hadn't made any more deliveries in their absence. He put his free hand on top of John's and nodded, then frowned. "We won't be able to get a cab here quickly at this time of day."
"Oh. Okay." He let it drop. John had been undecided for weeks about whether he wanted to apply for the medical trial, with good reason.
"I was just in the shower."
"I told you yesterday that I was going in to tell them about Mycroft's bodyguards. I tried to wake you up when I was leaving, but it didn't work, but then I figured I'd be back before you got up anyway. What's going on?"
“No, sir. No sign of Dr. Watson anywhere in town, but nothing suspicious, either.”
Sherlock lifted his head enough to watch him talk, though John had turned away when he'd answered the phone.
"Daddy!" Rosie shouted, bouncing up from where she knelt in front of the fireplace. "I'm learning about ashes and soot! Come see!"
“She must be missing us,” Sherlock said. “She’s never been away from both of us for so long before. Maybe we should Skype her, just to make sure she’s doing okay.”
"Would you like to have an orgasm now?"
"No, that's fine," Sherlock said. The two cigarettes had suppressed any remaining appetite he might have had. He walked back into the living room to deliver John's water.
Moriarty returned to John’s side, this time drawing the backs of two fingers along his cheek. John’s head lifted from his chest and his eyelids fluttered. “Oooh, is he starting to wake up?” Moriarty squatted so his face was level with John’s, leaning with one hand on the wheel of his chair. “I think he is!”
He found a package of penne in one of the cabinets and an almost-empty jar of pasta sauce in the fridge. Something he knew how to cook, and it should sit well if John's stomach was still bothering him. He put a pot of water on to boil and went back out into the living room.
"Whas dat?" Rosie's head popped up from his shoulder—so much for his hope that she would fall asleep in his arms.
"Nope. This is it. I hope Rosie doesn't mind, but I wanted her to know she has a whole family who supports her."
"I couldn't find her before. What makes you think I can now?" Mycroft let his phone clatter onto the coffee table and dropped down to sit on the sofa, coming as close to a sprawl as John had ever seen him.
“It’s me! Jim! I answered Johnny’s phone. He’s unavailable right now, unfortunately.”
"Mrs. Hudson phoned my parents," Sherlock said, when his mother finally released John from her hold.
"Wait, what? What do you mean he can't find out about her? Didn't you tell him about her when you called him?"
"You should've worn your gloves."
John leaned over to pull the blankets up around her and dropped a kiss on her forehead, then moved quickly to shepherd everyone out of Rosie's room. "Goodnight, sweetheart," he whispered, and tiptoed away from her bed, grateful for her grandad and the string of fairy lights that had saved the day...and night.
John's fingers stopped moving, though he didn't pull them away. "Well, I'm not going to waste your salad." He dropped his hand from Sherlock's neck and Sherlock bent over his laptop again. John crossed the room to the worktop; apparently he was going to eat the salad himself, because he pulled it from the bag and opened the plastic container. A few moments later he turned around. "There. I made you a sandwich."
"I wasn't—I didn't mean right now. Just that we'd have plenty of time for that in the next two weeks."
“He’s got to reach the wheel lock in the front,” Sherlock said, his own hands mimicking the motion of John’s as he crept closer to his goal.
"Why...." John trailed off, breathing heavily, unwilling to ask the question in front of Mycroft and not sure that he'd be able to talk about it even if it were just him and Sherlock.
"No." He lowered Eve to his lap. "I just said that Eurus had been here and left."
"She stole my phone?" John felt his empty pockets again, then let his hands drop to his sides in defeat.
John hesitated, then nodded, his mind caught more on Sherlock's expression than on Rosie's distress.
Sherlock's hesitation evaporated. He popped up to stand directly in front of John, his bare toes wiggling against John's socks. "John, I need to tell you something," he said.
"Sorry, I must have moved it when I was up here tidying."
Sherlock shot a glance over his shoulder in time to see Lestrade walk through the door, Donovan close on his heels. She was the one who saw them first—Lestrade was too busy looking at something on his phone.
They were both quiet for a moment, then Sherlock asked, quietly, "What else do you want to happen?"
Sherlock glanced at John, the incredulous look on his face highlighting just how much he looked like his mother. John had a vague feeling that he should intervene and explain everything, but he had no idea where he would even start that explanation. He did have the urge to punch Mycroft, though. Was the fact that he wasn't acting on it progress?
John turned his back to Mycroft again and shrugged. "So we'll stay at a hotel. Doesn't mean I can't go to work tomorrow."
"That's the spirit." Sherlock grinned at her, and John reached for his phone to warn Molly about their plan.
He cleared his throat to interrupt the conversation between her and Sherlock. When he was sure he had their attention, he asked, "What, you mean the baby book wasn't destroyed when she burned down your family's house?"
“No, Mrs. Holmes, I’m certain. And I was paying extra attention because Mr. Holmes asked me to look out for him.”
"Yes, you should have. But you didn't."
"I know. I was here when they did it."
“They’ve arrived,” Mycroft announced. “No visual on the car.... Phone is transmitting from.... Damnit.”
"No, I should film her. I'm taller so I can get a better view. And anyway, we need to leave two more empty seats next to Mycroft, for Mummy and Daddy."
"I'm really not," John replied, though he understood, because his own muscles were protesting and his arms and legs hadn't even been bearing any weight. "Did you find the hotel's spa, when you took your walk around the resort looking for sex toys?"
"Almost nothing," Sherlock said, and strode past him without another word.
"I did wake you up. You told me you would never go gluten-free and then you tried to take off your socks."
Sherlock passed her over to him, then turned and marched out of the flat, leaving the door open behind him.
Rosie frowned. "But Dad said it wasn't the worst idea he'd had."
"No, but we heard about it," Molly said, as she shrugged out of her cardigan. "Are you okay?"
Sherlock frowned and debated if it was worth trying to reach into his trouser pocket for his handkerchief. Probably not. "I hope you're not getting sick like your Daddy." John had brought home a cold virus from work, and while he'd tried to deny it for a few days, he'd spent the whole night last night coughing and sneezing. It had almost been enough to drive Sherlock out of their bed. Eventually they'd both fallen asleep, but Sherlock knew John hadn't gotten much rest. That was part of the reason he'd taken Rosie out to the park—to give him a chance to catch up on sleep while the flat was quiet.
John stared at him. "You know that's not what I mean. What are going to do...tomorrow? And the day after that? Just let Eurus take Eve and leave? Do you think she's capable of raising a baby on her own?"
Mummy’s hand clamped down on his knee again, and Sherlock realised that his whole body was shaking. He tried to still himself and push her away, but only succeeded in tangling their fingers together.
"I hope you don't offer Rosie wine."
John ignored her comment. He took a deep breath and approached the bed to ask a question he'd never imagined he would need to ask of her. "How are you feeling?"
"I know what my own hair looks like." John wiped his fingers off again and then ran a hand through his hair, which was now long enough that he needed to comb it back from his forehead and style it every morning.
"Mm-hmm." He wasn't particularly eager to dredge up the memory, but it had seemed the right thing to say at the moment.
"Sherlock—"
John could tell Sherlock believed what he was saying, just as he could tell that he wasn't going to be able to change his mind, no matter what he said. When had he ever won a serious argument with Sherlock, anyway? He blew out a breath, slumping deeper into his chair for a moment, then straightened, pushing himself up to his feet.
"What if you get sick?"
"Yeah, earlier. A bit." John lifted his arm from Sherlock's chest and scrubbed a hand across his face.
Sherlock swallowed. Yesterday, when he'd been afraid that John might have been injured or killed in the explosion, he'd thought the solution was to stay with him at all times, but maybe the opposite was true. "You...you need to stay here."
"Of course! Why else do people do anything? You know that, Sherlock. Hm, maybe I should call some reporters myself, to make sure they talk more about me next time. I could send them a new headshot—the picture they've been using is five years old now!"
"Where's Daddy?" Sherlock asked. "Is he in the kitchen?"
"I'm sorry, Daddy," Rosie said. "Does your head still hurt?"
A few minutes later, the back door opened and Daddy came in, wiping his feet on the mat. "Got the newspaper. You didn't make the front page, boys, but you did get a story."
"Don't complain," Sherlock said, and straightened up again. The inside of the mask was starting to feel damp against his chin and nose, more from his breathing than from the attempted kiss. He wasn't going to take it off, though, not until they were done.
"Well, then we better find him soon, because we certainly can't have you going hungry."
"John Watson...yes, he would say that, I suppose." She smiled even more, then turned slightly away from Rosie, back towards the door to the flat. "I got you another present. It's bigger than what I usually send to you, and I didn't trust Mycroft to give it to you. I know your fathers didn't think you could handle it. It's out in the hall." Aunt Eurus stepped back through the door and Rosie tensed, wondering if she should make a dash for the fire escape or grab her phone and call Dad but before she could decide Aunt Eurus came back into the flat, carrying—
Molly made an effort to entertain them, but after Sherlock refused to play any sort of board or card game, they spent the evening watching crap telly and drinking beer. Lestrade did most of the beer-drinking. Sherlock abstained while Molly drank two and John limited himself to a single bottle—he was yawning before he had even finished it. Lestrade and Molly disappeared into the bedroom promptly at ten o'clock, leaving Sherlock and John blessedly alone once more.
Sherlock didn't comment, but spread his legs a little further apart and slid his hips forward, which meant John was doing a good job of keeping him distracted so far.
"Thank you." John ended the call and dropped his phone back onto its charging station, echoing Mycroft's sigh. Eurus had been free for ten months; she was unlikely to slip up now. And she wouldn't risk her freedom simply to send him a text. But now was probably also the best opportunity Mycroft would have to catch her, before she had time to get further away. Well, yesterday or this morning would have been the best time to catch her, he supposed, but he'd let Sherlock call the shots on that, hadn't he?
"But you know others who will."
Rosie felt her eyes widen. Aunt Eurus sure hadn't seemed like a murderer while she was here. "She was nice to me today."
"You both heard me." Sherlock picked up his phone again and leaned back in his chair.
"Sorry? No, we're going to go spend the night at Molly's place."
"That's not what I mean and you know it."
"You're very brave, and quite competent in the limited skills you have."
Sherlock sighed and opened the fridge-freezer to see if he could find anything more appealing than toast. Eggs seemed like too much work. Even after a shower he was still too sleepy to want to do anything other than flop onto the sofa and wait for someone to bring him something to eat. He closed the fridge door.
"You wrapped them? I thought you were just wrapping empty boxes."
John smiled at him as he sank back beneath the covers and Sherlock felt his chest tighten, not with illness but with the knowledge that he would risk any danger to keep what he now had.
He inspected himself in the mirror: no bruising that he could see, and John had hit him low enough on his nose that he didn’t think he’d end up with a black eye. It only hurt when he touched it, and it definitely wasn’t broken.
"Oh, no. I don't mean when she was flirting with you at your bus stop. I meant after you learned she was a murderer. That is your type after all, isn't it? Although Eurus was never paid for it—"
Sherlock sneered in disgust. At least it was buried inside the paper, further than he hoped most people would bother to read. He slid it away from himself so he could return to his tea. Perhaps Mrs. Hudson would go get her homemade stollen for him, now that he'd looked at that preposterous photo. Before he could ask, he felt his phone buzz in the pocket of his dressing gown. A text alert he recognized but rarely heard. He frowned and pulled the phone out—yes, it was a text from Mummy. He tapped it to open and was greeted with an image of the same newspaper photo, along with a message:
Sherlock turned his head towards him, frowning.
“I am.” Mycroft was somehow able to keep his voice much more modulated than Sherlock.
"I'm sorry," John said. "I shouldn't—I should have knocked."
"Yeah, go ahead." John exhaled, then wriggled himself down further so Sherlock could pick up his feet and put them on his lap. It had been long enough that it no longer felt surreal to see Sherlock touching and moving his legs and feet without being able to feel the movement. "Go ahead and take my socks off, I know you want to." John leaned back against the sofa's armrest and let himself smile a bit as he watched Sherlock gingerly pull off his socks for him.
Instead she set her bag down by her feet and looked at what was written on the other tags. "What about these other ones? Are they hard to find, too? 'Battery-operated Tyrannosaurus Rex'?"
"Stony?" Mycroft shook his head in disgust.
"Hm." Sherlock sniffed. "I can't imagine why Mrs. Hudson would have installed such a light in her building." He went back out into the living room while John fussed over the plant some more. Stone followed him and Sherlock bent to scratch his head with one hand while he shuffled through the post that John had brought in. Most of it could go straight into the recycling pile, but he pulled out a few pieces for John to deal with: some bills, a cheque from a case they'd had last month, a couple of letters from potential clients that probably weren't worth his time. He could always tell how interesting a case was by the envelope in which it arrived. Like this one at the bottom of the stack. He lifted it from the table. High-quality, heavyweight paper addressed by a left-handed male who was younger than the usual sort who preferred using the post to sending email. But this letter had no postmark; it had been hand-delivered.
A small smile started to play at John's lips.
"Yep. The last place he'd look, don't you think?"
"Shh," John said, and finished manoeuvring himself into position so they were facing each other. After a moment's hesitation, Sherlock scooted his lower half closer and slung his left leg over John's. John didn't love having his legs touched, but Sherlock wanted as much contact between their bodies as possible.
John tried to remember if there was anything that he'd learned in Mary's childbirth classes that could help make the contractions easier to bear. He'd only gone to the last two sessions, after he and Mary had reconciled on Christmas Day. He wasn't about to offer to massage Eurus through a contraction, though, or try to walk her around the flat or offer a water birth—God knew when Sherlock had last cleaned his bathtub. And he suspected it was too late for most of the measures designed to make her more comfortable, anyway.
"She texted me. Nothing bad. She actually thanked me for helping her."
Sherlock blinked at him. "She might be dead."
"It's Eurus," Sherlock repeated. "I found her. Well, she found me. She showed up at the door a little while ago and she's 41 weeks pregnant and her contractions are five minutes apart. Which I know is the time when Mary was told to go to hospital, but I can't—she can't—so I called you, instead. Will you come? I don't think I can do this by myself."
He returned to the front hall and ran up the staircase; if the whole family had fallen ill after eating they would most likely have retired upstairs to the bedrooms.
"A date?" John frowned. He didn't object to her dating—she was almost 18, after all. She'd had a boyfriend briefly about a year ago, but it hadn't lasted long and she hadn't mentioned anyone else since then. "Okay, then bring a date if you want to."
Sherlock considered the offer. It wouldn't be the first time they'd stolen a moment alone while on a case, though they'd never done it here in Scotland Yard. But if Lestrade was busy coordinating a search of all the flats around the Crawfords' building, as Sherlock had advised, then he wouldn't be back for some time. He glanced at the closed door, then back at John.
Eurus had told him to trust himself, but Eurus herself had almost no understanding of the emotions involved in functional human relationships. Not that Sherlock was much better at it himself. Maybe it really was time to ask an expert for advice.
, but not anything you can get with a prescription. But now...." He took a deep breath and spoke slowly, quietly. "Now I know what I'm supposed to feel like. What it's like to feel good more often than not. To feel stable. If that starts to change too much, I'll let you know."
"Boring," Sherlock said, but he got up and went into the kitchen. He didn't want to cook a whole meal, but he also wasn't about to leave the flat to go get takeaway, and he couldn't use his phone to order anything.
"Yes, no microphone, how—" Sherlock stumbled over his answer.
Mycroft started going on about putting cameras in their flat, and John interrupted to insist that they only cover the entrances to the building. Which obviously was what Mycroft had intended to do in the first place, but Sherlock let the two of them argue about it anyway. Cameras at the front door and covering the windows on all sides of the building might reduce the chances of Moriarty delivering any more macabre packages, or they might not; he did seem to love an audience.
John reached the end of the ramp and came back up the pavement to meet him. "Come on. Let's get home."
When the pasta was ready, he brought the plates out to the living room, kicking aside the shirt and vest John had been wearing earlier. He'd bin them later when John wasn't looking. They sat next to each other on the sofa, both concentrating on eating, until John picked up the television remote.
"It's dark, Daddy! Where's my night light?"
Aunt Eurus clapped her hands together. "Okay. Let's go get them, Rosie. We can decorate the whole flat together. Just think how surprised your dads will be when they get home."
"Er, no. She wasn't—"
"Fine." Sherlock shrugged into his jacket, arranging his still damp hair over the collar. "Are you all ready?"
Sherlock turned as if to leave, but then bent down and picked up the soiled clothes.
As he followed John to the lift, Sherlock pulled his phone from his pocket again. Maybe it was time to let Mycroft play his favourite role of protective big brother and implement a few new security measures. He and John could handle themselves, but if the game had changed, then Mrs. Hudson, his parents, Molly, anyone he knew could be a target now.
"I did? I did not."
"I'll take her." Sherlock reached out for her and John handed her off. He didn't mind holding her himself, but it was good to show Mycroft that Sherlock knew what he was doing. He smiled as Sherlock began to sway gently from side-to-side as soon as Eve was in his arms. She would probably like the violin, softly-played lullabies, of course. Mary had played classical music for Rosie to hear before she was born; he wondered if Eurus had ever played her violin for Eve. Maybe he could suggest that Sherlock play once they got Mycroft out of the flat.
"Relax," Sherlock said. "Mrs. Hudson is watching telly and didn't even notice I was in her flat. And I found the bassinet attachment upstairs in storage." He put the cot down, shaking it out so it opened fully, and then went back into the hallway to retrieve the bassinet that could be placed on top of it for younger babies. "And I called Wiggins and arranged to have him pick up and deliver nappies and some gender-neutral bodysuits and rompers. I sterilised the bottles I have, and told Wiggins to get some smaller nipples and formula. Unless you think Eurus is going to want to nurse?"
"Yeah, yeah. It's just—" John paused again, looking down at his own fist clenched around the borrowed handkerchief. "I was holding her, and she kept flailing her legs, but then she stopped, and...." After a moment he took a deep breath and went on. "I know Moriarty used botulinum as a poison before, but I think tetrodotoxin is a better fit given the pattern of paralysis she exhibited."
The noise, though still quiet by their usual standards, went straight to Sherlock's already straining cock. "Oh," he said, as softly as he could manage. "Oh." He closed his mouth and pressed it against the spot he'd just bitten, and John's hands moved in response, the right stroking long and firm while one finger on his left hand again delved between Sherlock's cheeks, pressing where the skin was so sensitised he almost let out a shout. Instead he ground his teeth together and thrust up against John's hand, letting his control go as he shuddered through a climax.
Sherlock cut him off. "This is the reason you've practiced on the stairs at home, isn't it?"
"You've been to the dentist twice in the last six months, and that didn't bother you."
"Daddy! Do you love me, too?"
"Yes, of course." Aunt Eurus leaned the case upright against the wall. "Three-quarters size, though I think you'll grow into full-size, despite what my brother may have said. Let me see your left hand."
"No, I think he's long gone."
"She's asleep already."
"Maybe you should wait to stop your meds until your ankle's better. You don't need two things preventing you from a good night's sleep."
"All right. Sorry." John's lips twisted for a moment, then he waved his hand at the dog. "And I guess you have Stone to keep you company, too."
"Yes, she did manipulate everyone who tried to treat her, but that was because it was all she knew. No one ever tried to treat her as anything more than a disease. She finally realised she had to help herself, and needed me to help her. That's what happened at Sherrinford last year."
Normally, Sherlock didn't mind too much when John went to work, since most days he could content himself with an experiment or cases that were easily solved from the sofa. But today promised nothing but an endless re-hashing of the facts of the case in an effort to suss out a connection between the Crawfords and Moriarty so he could predict Moriarty's next move. That work would hold much more appeal if John stayed here with him, instead of going off to his own job.
After a moment of surveillance, Sherlock could see that John had enjoyed the pizza, despite the touch of heartburn eating three slices had given him. He had been pleased that he hadn't had to make dinner for the three of them, and his shoulders were bothering him less after his nap on the sofa with the ice packs. But now his mood was starting to sour again, as he scrolled through page after page of news stories, none of them good. And his shoulders were beginning to inch up towards his ears, a sure recipe for more pain. Sherlock debated saying something to him. He could suggest that John try to relax his posture as he sat in his armchair reading. Or....
As always, feel free to
"Haven't needed to before now, but I will in the future." He had the door open quickly, and they entered the flat, locking the door behind them.
"A little."
Sherlock pushed himself to sit upright again. "Fine. We can use Stone as a buffer, at least. She's always wanted a grandson."
John met Mycroft's eyes. "He doesn't need a French accent to do that."
John took a deep breath and raised a hand to his own chest, slipping his thumb and forefinger between two buttons of his shirt placket so he could finger his nipple ring through the thin fabric of his vest. He didn't say anything else, and didn't need to; he was pretty sure Sherlock had passed the point of being able to process language anyway. John leaned back and tugged at his ring and watched Sherlock's face as it flushed even darker and his mouth fell open, his breaths gasping.
John snorted. "Well, he's got the old part right, at least."
"Mm." John slid his hands down Sherlock's body and Sherlock stopped trying to figure out the best way for them to touch each other. John's fingers stroked across Sherlock's thigh, his touch light enough that it was verging on ticklish. "Are you sure you can be quiet? Wouldn't want to disturb your parents or Mrs. Hudson."
She hesitantly took the tags from him, juggling her chequebook and handbag to hold them, and wrinkled her nose as she read one of them aloud. "LEGO set 41381, Rescue Mission Boat." She looked up at him through her no-line bifocals. "You want me to buy you LEGOs instead of paying you for solving my case?"
"Yes. Perhaps. I—thank you for watching Rosie," he said, and was grateful when she didn't point out how inane that sounded, given that she watched Rosie after school every Wednesday and Friday and he had never thanked her before. "Come on, Rosie, let's go. Daddy is waiting for us. Put your mask on."
"You have a boyfriend named David and a cat named Bowie?" John asked.
Mycroft sat in the seat Sherlock had been using and accepted a cup. "I assume you still haven't been contacted by Moriarty since the events of yesterday morning?"
Sherlock still thought that was highly debatable, but he knew they were never going to change each other's minds. He kept hold of John's hand and lay silently for a while, letting himself drift in relaxation for the first time in what felt like years, but after a few minutes the position became uncomfortable. He shifted, trying to roll onto his back, but the bed was too narrow. "My arm's asleep. I need to get up. Sorry."
He sighed and turned to toss his work bag into the corner of the room, next to a pile of Sherlock's books and journals that had migrated off an overflowing shelf. He should probably disinfect the bag, or maybe he could just leave it there for the next two weeks and let any potential germs die off on their own. Oh God, this was a nightmare. He could spend the next two weeks cleaning the entire flat but he still wouldn't be able to do anything about the potential infections he might have already spread. In the last three days he'd been to work, home, Speedy's, the corner shop to buy newspapers every morning, Scotland Yard on Tuesday, and to top it all off he'd spent yesterday evening in Mrs. Hudson's flat, trying to revive her ancient microwave because she didn't like the control panels on any of the new models. Mrs. Hudson. He'd exposed her. She was 81 years old. He was never going to be able to live with himself if something happened to her.
He lifted Eve from his shoulder and laid her face-up on his lap, her head resting at his knees. Even in the dim light, he could see that she had an outbreak of baby acne across her forehead and dried spit-up on her chin. She was beautiful. "We have to take care of you now, don't we? You and your big sister." He held her tiny hands between his thumbs and fingers and wiggled them gently, smiling and speaking in a whisper. "Can't be running off into danger all the time." He knew it, and knew Sherlock must, as well. He'd known it for a while now, though it had taken having Mary die in his arms at the aquarium, and going home alone that night to care for Rosie, to make it really sink in.
To say Sherlock was even more confused than he had been a few days ago would be an understatement. When he'd returned from Sherrinford, John's concern for him had been clear. He'd welcomed Sherlock's hug, but then Sherlock had kissed him—just on the forehead, he wasn't bold enough to try anything more—and John hadn't tried to kiss him back. He'd just left Sherlock's room with barely another word. So the kiss hadn't been welcome. Right?
"No, it's magnificent!"
Beyond clothes, he thought there was little of their own that they would need at his parents' house. Some toiletries from the loo, their phone chargers, Stone's favourite chew toy—the rubber would come clean easily with a bit of soap and water. He loaded everything into two small bags, recalling the last time he'd done this alone, when he'd packed several bags to bring to John in rehab. No need for sentimental photos this time, at least.
"I'm not sure," John said, as they heard him descend the stairs to the living room and the front door open and close.
Stone bounded into the kitchen, heading straight to his water dish instead of trying to get at the fingers.
John gritted his teeth together. A different opinion was when one person wanted Thai and the other preferred Italian for dinner. This was more than that.
"Yes." Sherlock pulled his feet in so he was sitting more compactly in his chair. "After...after Sherrinford. After it came out, everything that Mycroft had done to hide Eurus from me and our parents and to keep her locked up there, we had a number of...family discussions. He no longer monitors me as he used to, you can be assured of that."
Rosie froze, then buried her head in John's shoulder.
"Staying?" Sherlock wrinkled his nose and John sighed. At least he knew Sherlock's parents wouldn't be expecting to stay at Baker Street—Mycroft had much more space to host them. But John knew it would be up to him to make plans to entertain them and Rosie over the coming weekend.
"If I'd put gloves on earlier, I would have had to take them off again anyway," Sherlock said, but went obediently through the kitchen and into the loo.
"Did you take your pill?" John asked, as he stuffed his dirty clothes into the laundry hamper in the corner of the room.
He leaned both hands on the worktop next to the hob, where the eggs were just starting to cook. He watched them begin to bubble, then reached over and clicked off the gas to the burner. The smell of the half-cooked eggs was nearly as overpowering as the stench in the bedroom. He gritted his teeth together and stepped backwards towards the table, reaching behind himself for a chair. His fingers skittered against the edge of one, and then all the muscles in his body decided to stop working at once and he found himself sitting on the floor, his whole body shaking.
They exited the park through the nearest gate and walked back to Baker Street along the pavement outside. Stone seemed unaffected by his encounter with the other dogs, but Sherlock was still on edge. And rather embarrassed that the idea of Moriarty releasing vicious dogs in a public park had even crossed his mind. His parents' neighbours had had huskies when he was a child, and they'd all been rambunctious but sweet, as well as virtually untrainable. They would be a terrible choice to use in a deliberate attack.
Sherlock and John stared at each other for a moment, then John spread his hands on the top of the café table and sighed. "I'm sorry. I know—I know you don't want to be with him, Sherlock. It's just...you know. Hard for me sometimes."
They finished their meal and tidied up the dishes they'd used and those that had accumulated over the last few days, with John washing and Rosie drying and climbing up on the worktop to put everything away in the cabinets. John let her do it—her ability to reach any height in the flat was useful in his quest to make sure Sherlock's more dangerous experiments never got out of hand.
"We'll need to come up with a plan," Mummy said. "I'll invite them both to stay with us for Christmas, of course, and the three of us will make sure they end up confessing their love before the holidays are over. Mycroft, make sure you clear your schedule so you can spend at least Christmas Eve through Boxing Day with us. Oh, this is so exciting!"
John's head came back up. "Oh, so I'm just a distraction now, is that it? I thought I was your partner. Your husband."
"What?"
"I never guess." Sherlock grinned and finished the last swallow of his wine. He stood up, set his glass on the desk, then walked around to stand behind John's chair. John expected a back rub, which would be very welcome, but instead Sherlock pulled the blanket from the back of his chair and shook it out.
"All right, hang on," John said, and positioned his chair at an angle to the sofa. It was a bit awkward for him to move from the chair directly onto Sherlock, but eventually they wrestled themselves into place, with John lying on his stomach on top of him. It wasn't going to become their preferred lounging position any time soon, but it worked for now.
When John had finished cleaning them both up, he crossed the room to toss the used tissues into the bin and then picked up his clothes and started to get dressed.
Fortunately, John chose that moment to come down the stairs; Sherlock could hear Rosie babbling to him, still excited about the "wights" she had seen last night. He leaned back in his chair and grinned at her as John carried her into the kitchen. "Good morning little rosebud. Are you ready for some breakfast? I think Mrs. Hudson has some Christmas stollen that you would enjoy."
"I didn't. Mycroft did. He was terrible at it though, and he always got sunburned, even when it was cloudy. It was hilarious."
"A long time."
"I'm sure they knew you could. They watched you put together the glider today—you don't really want a repeat of that, anyway, do you?"
It did take Sherlock some time to fall asleep, but once he did, he slept soundly. He was vaguely aware of John getting up around his usual time, but Sherlock pulled his pillow up over his face to block out the morning light and didn't wake again until someone jabbed him in the shoulder, hard.
"Daddy!" Rosie screamed, and clutched at his arm.
"Right." Sherlock forced away the image of John's whole body stretched out on a leather-padded table and picked up the bottle of oil, which seemed slipperier than he recalled it having been a few seconds ago—his hands were sweating now.
John stepped towards it, then turned and tugged with one hand at the belt of Sherlock's dressing gown, raising an eyebrow. Sherlock nodded and reached out and began to unbutton John's shirt. He pulled the tails from John's trousers, ran a warm, steady hand down the front of John’s vest, and said, "I haven't shaved or showered since Sunday."
John raised his eyebrows, but elected not to start a conversation about the collective memories of the Holmes family and Sherlock's childhood.
"Not that much." Sherlock put his head back down on the pillow.
"Okay, yes. You enjoy the physical aspect, I can see that. But you've always said you weren't interested in relationships with other people."
He picked up his phone again and sat down on the bed, debated sending a text, then decided that Sherlock deserved a call, as well. He should check in on him anyway, to see how it was going with Eve and his mother.
Sherlock quickly assessed the options. The mother clearly wasn't able to wrangle all three children on her own. He wasn't sure how she'd even got them all here in the first place. John was perfectly capable of carrying a child on his lap, but he wouldn't be able to hold an uncooperative one and turn his chair around at the same time. Grabbing the handles of his chair and dragging him backwards out of the café wasn't a good idea, unless Sherlock fancied a punch in the face.
Sherlock had a brief moment of hope that it would wake John up, but nothing happened. Moriarty traced his finger out from the ring. “Oh, now, what else do we have here? Can everyone see that?” He took his hand off John’s chest and reached towards the camera and it zoomed to give a closer view of the other side of John’s chest. “Are those…teeth marks? Sherlock!”
"All right. I guess I've had enough exposure for today."
Sherlock let go of himself long enough to shove the covers on the bed down. The poor hotel staff. John would leave them an additional gratuity, if he still had enough brain cells left to remember to do that by the time they were done with this holiday. This sex holiday.
"No, not today."
"I'm not sulking. I'm thinking."
"But why.... You don't have to...." He stumbled over what he was trying to say.
"Mm-hmm." Rosie hugged her knees again. "I'm cold, Daddy. Can I have more hot water?"
Sherlock hesitated, then said, "I vomited when you got hurt, while they were getting you into the ambulance."
"You've been talking about getting older a lot lately, how grey your hair is, things like that. I thought you might have realised your chance for a life with a normal person was slipping away."
John opened his mouth to respond, but before he could, Rosie came flying out of the kitchen, a half-eaten biscuit in her hand. "Pizza!" she exclaimed.
"Can your homeless network help—" Mycroft began, before he was cut off by the buzzing of his own phone, magnified by the wood of the table where he'd dropped it. He stared blankly at it for a moment, then shook his head and picked it up. "Yes?" he said into the phone.
He went and got Eve out of the cot and gave her a dry nappy, then brought her into the living room. "You want to hold her while I get a bottle ready?"
He pushed his chair back from the table and looked around. There were a growing number of news cameras at the edge of the police perimeter, and the last of the firefighters were loading their gear back into their engine. He passed the end of Stone's lead over to John and stood. "I'm going in. We'll need a few things if we're going to be staying elsewhere for a while."
Sherlock turned around, surprise clear on his face. "John. Hello. Is everything okay?" His eyes crinkled in concern and John felt both foolish for having been afraid and so relieved he thought he might cry.
"You want to take a seat, Mycroft?" John nodded at his own chair. "You're looking a little pale."
"Come to bed with me, hm?" John raised his eyebrows at him. "Let me finish what I started earlier."
"You should have got out yourself, first. What if the building had collapsed?"
"Yeah, I probably should go to bed soon."
"I don't have a hair problem." John shook his head back and forth gently, tickling Sherlock's nose again.
John grimaced. "It's just...." He sighed. "Moriarty, I guess." He rolled his chair back a few feet, then skidded it forward abruptly.
Mycroft shook his head. "No one in the flat even knew she'd been there, until they went into the bedroom and found Sherlock's clothes."
"It's time," she informed him, as he stepped up to the foot of the bed, and when he checked, he saw that she was correct—she was finally fully dilated and the baby was ready to be born.
She stared back at him, face blank, until Eve began to squirm in her sleep atop her chest. She blinked and looked down at the baby, stroking her hand across the back of the yellow romper she wore. "The two of you are making us uncomfortable. We need some time apart from you." She sat up, moving gingerly as she adjusted her grip on Eve so she could heave herself up to standing.
John staggered against the wall of the cell, hearing the guards who'd dragged him here slam the door behind him. At least the walls of this room were padded.
John slipped his hand beneath the waistband of his pants, relishing the coolness of his fingers against the flesh there. He stroked lightly along his cock and then took himself more firmly in hand, shoving his pants down, out of the way. He would take Sherlock in his other hand, if Sherlock let him. Or maybe Sherlock would take over for them both—he did like to be in charge. Yes, it would be Sherlock's hand on John's cock, now, his long fingers sliding up and down, faster and faster, with just the right amount of force. He closed his eyes and pressed his head back into his pillow, trying to imagine what it would feel like, how much more it would be than just him here alone. Sherlock, in bed next to him. Two cocks, hard and slick. The narrative he was telling himself slipped, losing its coherency. Hands, moving, faster. Sherlock. Both of them, together. Now.
"Jesus, Mycroft," John sputtered. He had no idea why he'd phrased it that way. "I haven't slept with anyone since Mary died. I've been working full-time and parenting a two-year-old. I don't exactly have a sex life."
"She's so young. She's too young to go through this. We should be there—"
Rosie hadn't been able to find much about her on the internet, either, which was weird, because usually she was better than all her friends at finding stuff online. But she was pretty sure she knew where Aunt Eurus was anyway: in prison. Probably for drugs and stuff, that would explain why Dad was so against her and letting Rosie know anything about her. Maybe she was the one that had got Sherlock into doing drugs a long time ago, and then she'd started selling them herself and now she was in prison for it. And her family all visited her together once a year, except they wouldn't take Rosie with them because Dad wouldn't allow it. When she was older, she was going to go with them anyway, no matter what Dad said.
A moment later, Sherlock dropped his gaze, then slipped out of John's embrace. "I—I appreciate your confidence in me, John. And thank you for your help." He wrapped his arms around his legs again and shivered, though John didn't think it was cold in the flat.
He didn't stop; he got even worse. "You're my angel, darling," he said. "And you’re an amazing artist." He leaned over and kissed her on the forehead—it was so annoying how much shorter she still was next to him. But she let him do it, and didn't even squirm away from his hug. She felt a lot better about her drawing and her talent as an artist now, even if it was just Dad who thought she was any good.
"She wanted me to save her! She needed me to."
He'd meant it when he said that this was better with another person, but he'd forgotten exactly how good it felt to be touched. And he'd never had another man's cock pressed against his like this—it was better than he'd ever imagined, and he'd imagined being with Sherlock an incalculable number of times. He shifted his weight onto his right arm and slipped his left down between them, gliding first over Sherlock's hand as it moved, then lower, finding Sherlock's bollocks, heavy and full.
"Why? The door to the street is always locked."
John stood up from the bed to allow Sherlock access, and Rosie sat up, threw her arms around Sherlock's neck, and smacked him on the cheek with her lips. He kissed her nose delicately in return and then stepped back from the bed.
He was about to leave when he remembered one more thing he needed. Somewhat reluctantly, he opened the drawer to his nightstand and pulled out his meds. John would say this was not the time to start weaning himself from them, and he knew it was true. He sighed and walked around the ruined bed to John's nightstand, rummaged in the drawer for the bottle of Viagra, then, after a moment's consideration, put it back. There weren't many pills left; John would need a refill soon.
John shook his head. "Just watching you."
Dozens of tiny clues that Sherlock had missed over the past six months suddenly fell into place.
John shrugged. "I wouldn't have wanted it to collapse on everyone else."
"I am," Sherlock said, leaning forward to chase after John's mouth.
"I knew Mary thought you were, or had been, at least. Occasionally, I thought she might be right, but I could never be certain that I wasn't projecting my own feelings onto you."
"Yeah, I did. Maybe I shouldn't have. But we—I was afraid you were going to slip into a major depression, and I needed you to be functional right then. I'm sorry."
Sherlock. John's loyalty was normally to him, of course, just not in this one particular matter. And Sherlock knew where he stood when it came to Eurus being out of prison. So why did he feel guilty for calling Mycroft instead of Sherlock when she'd texted him?
Once he got to the kitchen, he made himself stop. Eurus was asleep in Sherlock's bed, not on a rampage through Sherrinford. He was safe. The baby was safe. He didn't know what was going to happen next, but they were all safe for now.
She shrugged and tucked Sherlock's clothes under one arm. "I'll make do, I suppose. I'm going to have a shower now. The two of you will keep an eye on Eve for me. Oh, and change the sheets on my bed. They're filthy. That's no way to treat a guest." She turned and walked back down the hallway before either of them could respond.
"I have no idea where John is," Mycroft replied, and Sherlock could hear the faintest hint of a tremble in his voice. "That's not my concern. Why haven't you answered your phone?"
Yes, it was her. Was she watching him and Sherlock, so she knew that John hadn't seen him today? Or maybe she'd just decided to text him every day as some sort of game, as Mycroft had implied. Was this going to be a daily routine? Maybe it was karmic retribution for all the nights he'd ignored Mary and Rosie and spent his time texting Eurus when he'd known her only as E, the girl who'd smiled at him on the bus.
"Oh, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said, as she and John entered the flat. "You haven't met my sister, have you?" He waved a casual hand towards the sofa, where Eurus, wearing Sherlock's oldest dressing gown, lay stretched out with the baby asleep on her chest. "This is Eurus, and the little one she's holding is my new niece, Eve."
"No. I'm never leaving the flat again."
Sherlock blinked his eyes closed for a moment, wondering what else could possibly go wrong today.
"Are they doing gag gifts this year?"
"Why on earth would he come here so early?"
"You definitely need to wear it to bed." Sherlock stepped away from the table so he could lean back against the worktop again. He raised his eyebrows at Mycroft, giving him a closed-mouth grin. "See? Everything's under control. John has a gun." He let his smile slip into something slightly more real and Mycroft groaned and rolled his eyes.
Sherlock inhaled. "Manipulative."
He started with his neck, trying to loosen the muscles without making John wince too much. Even with the different shirt, it was hard for Sherlock to keep the memory of Moriarty putting his hands all over him out of his head.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. "Not physically, at least."
"Ah. So now we wait for his next move." He came a little closer, his eyes darting over John before settling on Sherlock. "You must be quite relieved that he's unharmed." He cleared his throat and then turned his attention to the men who were conducting a thorough search of every cubicle and corner of the office. "You two finish your sweep of the building. Scotland Yard will be here within the hour. I'll have another helicopter sent to bring you back to London when you're done here."
"I know you did." Sherlock looked away from him, towards Rosie. "How's that shirt fit you, little rose?"
"I don't mind," Sherlock said, and rubbed his thumb deeper into John.
"And you think Sherlock is equipped to raise a child?"
"Yeah, yeah." John cut him off. "I helped out with a few deliveries. But if you have someone in your flat who's about to give birth, you need to get them to hospital."
"I just brought you crisps."
The kettle was still warm, but had less than a cup's worth of water, so John refilled it and opened the cabinet, only to find that their regular supply of tea cups and mugs had been replaced by a Christmas-themed set. He sighed. Sherlock's parents had given them the set a few years ago, but John much preferred to drink out of their regular cups. "Where are all the normal tea cups?"
Sherlock looked away from him, at his own foot propped beneath the cold pack. "No, don't be sorry." He paused, then continued. "You were right. I did need it, and I also needed that outside push because I wouldn't have started taking it on my own. I might've taken
"Face forward, please, Doctor Watson," Eurus said.
They moved towards each other as one, and John knew he tasted like stale coffee but he forgot to be self-conscious, because Sherlock’s lips were warm and after just a brief press of John’s tongue they opened and—oh.
"Oh, Sherlock. I do hope you know what you're doing," she said as he ushered her out of the flat and closed the door behind her.
"You can check. You just—"
"Yesterday you said he wouldn't kill me because he wouldn't want to upset you."
"Not especially."
"That's fine," John said. Everything was fine. They'd been in a physical relationship for nearly three years now, but during the past few days at this hotel, they'd managed to find new levels of pleasure John hadn't even known were possible. "As long as I get to watch your face while you do it."
"Agree to disagree? Sherlock, she could be out murdering people right now."
"Excellent." Sherlock opened his hand and let the card fall to the floor—John wouldn't mind. One of them would pick it up later. "Come here. Happy Valentine's Day." He pulled John into his arms, holding him tight against his chest. He could feel a heart beating between them, fast but steady. He wasn't even sure who it belonged to, but it didn't matter, because he knew that both their hearts were beating for the same thing.
"You already know that he loves you. He's told you."
"Okay. Good. Well. I'm just going to finish up this autopsy. If you want to get lunch with me in a little while, I didn't bring anything from home."
"We're not—you can't make us—"
He squinted at her as she began to climb the stairs. She didn't appear to be in any sort of digestive distress, but she kept her left hand spread across her middle and gripped the railing tightly with her right as she climbed.
"John," Sherlock gasped. "I'm not sure—"
“You think your ability to spot him surpasses that of Leon’s?” Mycroft asked.
Mycroft pursed his lips in disapproval before replying. "He was. He escaped." He took a sip of tea, then set the mug back on the table. If he'd been served it with a proper cup and saucer, Sherlock was sure it would've rattled as he put it down.
"Not just yet," Sherlock replied. "I have to, erm—I forgot something. Be right back."
Mycroft twisted the small button in the door handle and turned around to face Sherlock. "I assume the lift came equipped with keys to restrict access. Give one to John and one to Mrs. Hudson and keep it locked at all times."
"Mm-hmm." Rosie put her head back down.
"He filmed me and Bella kissing! And then he tried to show it to me!"
"Fine? John, really? What about Eurus? Is she actually there?"
"Mm-hmm." Sherlock let the vocalisation rumble through closed lips, barely audible. John leaned forward again and ghosted his lips along his cock before taking him fully into his mouth. Sherlock let his eyes fall shut. Maybe he should have sat in Lestrade's chair, so he'd be able to lean back more.
John turned his face away. "Any other embarrassing moments I slept through that you want to tell me about?"
"Sherlock, wake up!" Rosie smacked his face with one mitten-covered hand.
"Yes," Eurus replied, and motioned with her hands once again, as regal a gesture as John had ever seen Sherlock make, despite the fact that she was lying in bed half-dressed and clearly exhausted.
"No, it didn't. I got it on sale after Christmas last year." She gave a nervous giggle. "Because I knew we'd be doing this again this year."
And yes, I do plan to write a parentlock fic that begins with a panicked Sherlock calling John for help because Eurus shows up at Baker Street in labor. Where it ends up after that, I haven't quite figured out yet, so I don't know when it will be posted, but stay tuned! You can
"Things she's taken. Those are fine, but—" Sherlock twirled abruptly away from the medicine cabinet and pushed past John, running back into the bedroom. He pulled the nightstand out from the wall and dropped to his knees, then pried a section of the baseboard off with his fingers. "Gone."
"Well now," Mummy said. "That was much easier than I expected. I didn't even need to use the mistletoe."
"He said he wants to be on the telly. Talked about who to kill so he could be in the news." He exhaled and glanced towards the house. "He knows where we are. Mycroft needs to do more to increase the security here."
Moriarty hadn’t taken off the empty holster, though—the snug leather straps that usually stayed safely hidden beneath John’s coat were now visible to anyone who was watching.
"Good girl," John said, then added, to Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, "Thank you. She brings that bear everywhere with her, so that's a perfect gift for her."
"So, are we telling your parents about us?" John asked, as he pulled their luggage out of the boot.
Moriarty's shoulders slumped and he turned away, shaking his head. He walked towards the edge of the roof, then turned back. "I don't understand, Sherlock. Why would you choose him? Is it because he praises you? I could praise you!" He took a few running steps towards him and stopped; Sherlock stood his ground. "I like the way your curls get tousled by the wind. It was really clever how you figured out my connection to Moran Productions and rescued most of my employees before I got to them."
"Yeah, when you thought I was miles away with no chance of being here. What happened to wanting to be at my side because he couldn’t overpower us both at the same time, hmm? Dickhead."
"She's a murderer, Sherlock."
Sherlock began to type out a new message to him when he heard a dog bark. He looked up—not Stone, who had wandered another twenty metres to sniff at the next tree, but another dog. A small beagle on a short lead, yapping at his owner. They weren't close enough to try to strike up a conversation, thank God.
"Yeah, that's what Mycroft said. Sorry, I phoned him first. It's just—"
"You're both heroes," Mummy said. She bustled out of the kitchen, leaving Mrs. Hudson to watch over the frying pan, then returned a moment later carrying a large photo album and a pair of scissors.
"No. He cannot know. John, listen to me. There is an innocent child about to be born here. What do you think Mycroft would do if he found out?"
"Hmm." Sherlock reached for his phone. "What's his last name?"
"I really don't think so. He knows how upset I would be if he did that. Though I guess he could try to make me think Moriarty did it...." He trailed off when he saw that John wasn't smiling at the joke.
"She doesn't have a weapon and she's in no condition to overpower either of us at the moment, though I wouldn't want to be standing too close when her next contraction hits. Which will be in about a minute and a half, if I've got the timing right. Can you get here?"
"No," Sherlock said. "There's nothing he could do that John and I can't do on our own."
John didn't actually need to work, and neither did Sherlock, for that matter, because they had his family's money at their disposal, but most people didn't have that luxury. Most people did need to work to support their lifestyle. Most people—"Oh. Oh! That's it!" He sat up straight, suddenly wide awake.
"We could find you a yoga class if you want, but not mine. But really. You'd like basketball, and they've got plenty of extra chairs."
"My armpits are raw from using them." He tipped his head all the way back on the arm of the sofa and rolled his eyes to look at John sideways and upside down. "You should let me use yours."
"You don't know who I am, do you?"
Sherlock swallowed and made himself turn away. "Ah, where would you like to—
John took his time folding down the corner of the page he'd been reading and setting the journal aside on the table next to him before answering. "I don't...," he began, and then closed his eyes briefly. "Sherlock, we can't do that to Rosie. We can't put her in harm's way."
"I hope not." He squeezed his eyes shut, feeling a hot anxiety rise through his chest. Was John right—was it a normal oversight in light of hectic events?
But he had to; that was his role. Sherlock looked after Rosie while he was at work, and then when John came home, he took care of them both, cooking and cleaning and seeing to the myriad other details of running a household. He didn't mind, most of the time. He was Rosie's father, so of course it was his responsibility to take care of her. As for Sherlock, well. He'd long ago come to terms with the relationship he and Sherlock had. They worked together, lived together, and were raising a child together, and while John still occasionally longed for something more, he was happy enough where they were.
"Only for a minute or so, before Anthea was able to knock him off the air. But we were able to keep watching even after that. He was making a point of playing with you, called it 'Fun and Games with Jim'."
"Er, no. Not exactly. Eurus took off a few hours ago. Left the baby behind. We don't think she plans to come back. At least, I hope she doesn't."
"Because I know how paranoid about social distancing you are right now. 'Wash your hands. Cough into your elbow. Don't kiss me'."
"You're very tense."
John smirked anyway but it turned into a smile. "I can explain the rules to you, and I bet by the end of one practice you'd have all the basics down. You might not have played before, but you're naturally athletic and very coordinated."
"It's much less frequent, now. Still intense. But maybe, someday...."
He recoiled at the thought; though he had seen many dead people at many crime scenes, he'd rarely seen the body of someone he knew.
"You're so good with her. Come here." John took two long strides across the room and pulled Sherlock into his arms.
John shook his head. "You have a truly skewed sense of beauty, but thank you." He put his vest on and then glanced at the baby monitor. "Looks like she's still sound asleep."
Sherlock turned to face him, pulling away from his grasp so he could cross his arms over his chest. "I'm not embarrassed," he said, but his tone and posture, combined with the flush that John could see creeping up from his collar, put lie to his words.
He looked down at his plate. "It's early. I'm not that hungry yet."
Mycroft stood without moving for a moment, and John wondered if he should offer to hold Eve, or if Sherlock would now let him physically remove Mycroft from the flat himself. Finally, Mycroft's shoulders lowered a fraction of an inch and he spoke to Sherlock. "You obviously care for this child already, though I do recommend that you not become too attached, as I will be attempting to locate her father. And I must insist that should Eurus return to this flat, or otherwise make contact with you, you inform me immediately. For Eve's sake. Do you understand?"
“He’s very flexible!” Moriarty said, then his voice dropped, losing the playful lilt. “That could be fun, but not today. I think he needs another dose.” He stepped off-camera for a moment, then came back holding a small syringe.
They both stayed like that, gasping for air, until finally Sherlock moved, working his hand out from between them. John let more of his weight fall to lie on top of him, despite the mess across his stomach.
"Why weren't you at work?" Sherlock turned the questioning back on her.
“I noticed something when I dragged him out of the car, Sherlock,” Moriarty put his back to the camera and began to unbutton John’s shirt. “Something a little naughty!”
Sherlock blinked his eyes once and stepped through onto the roof, leaving the door open wide behind him.
"There's a good chance these victims were chosen randomly," Sherlock said. "If that's the case, then why here? Why this particular house on this street? Was Moriarty in the area? Is he still here? You need to have your people check every building in the vicinity—maybe he has a bolt hole or a flat of his own nearby."
Sherlock gritted his teeth together, holding back his natural inclination to reply to everything. He wanted to laugh, too, at how pleased John was with himself, as he taunted and teased and stimulated him. "Keep going," he said, making his voice soft but deeper than normal, knowing John was as likely to be unable to control his reactions as he himself was. He squirmed so he could reach down and take John in hand, a quick meeting of eyes confirming that John welcomed his touch.
"Yes." Sherlock stepped back to grab the bottle of oil and squeezed some of it into his left hand. Perhaps he should have attempted to warm the oil beforehand, but it was too late now. "It's cold," he said softly, and put both his hands on John's body.
Mary took one step towards the armchair before Sherlock stopped her. "I know why you're here," he said, and strode all the way into the flat, closing the door behind him. He wished he didn't know; he wished he'd stayed completely oblivious.
Without turning around, Mycroft made a shooing motion towards him. Sherlock knew he was already trying his best, but he couldn’t just sit and listen to Moriarty brag about having John—he needed to do something. He stood up and began to pace in a small circle behind the sofa.
Sherlock lifted his hand and flicked the stray locks that had fallen over John's forehead back into place. "I'll cut it for you."
"Nonsense. If she's old enough to hold a job, she's old enough to mind her own business." He walked back over to the bed and sat on the end of it, looking closely at John. "You've had that question before, haven't you?"
"John?" Sherlock said.
John grinned, letting himself relax all the way for the first time since he'd answered Sherlock's phone call hours earlier. "Here, you can hold her while I cut the cord."
"She's given no indication that she intends to do that."
"Mummy!" the girl shouted, the word clearer than anything else she'd said, and waved one arm in the general direction of the house, nearly swatting Sherlock in the face with the motion.
"Ow, ow, stop. That's enough."
"I was asleep! It's not even nine in the morning." He turned around and leaned against the worktop so he could glare at Mycroft.
"That's my phone," Sherlock announced.
John led her and Rosie up the stairs. He knocked on the door—one lesson he'd learned, at least—and then cracked it open, sticking his head in but not letting Rosie or Mrs. Hudson pass by him. "Sherlock?" he called, without raising his voice too much, for fear of disturbing Eve.
"Mary gave it to me." John dropped Stone's lead once they were in the building and Stone walked over to the lift and sat down in front of it.
John laughed. "Okay, I get it. You only watched Star Trek at a very particular point in your life when your hormones were raging out of control and you don't usually have celebrity crushes." He stepped forward again and settled his arms around Sherlock's shoulders in a loose hug. "It's not something to be ashamed of, though. I mean, I'm almost 50, and I still have a celebrity crush. Right now, at this very instant. On a man."
"What are you—?"
"Hey, what's going on?" John leaned back in his chair.
There were at least two dozen plants scattered throughout the room, on tables and windowsills and hung from the ceiling. "What happened to my bed?" There was a bed in the room, but it was low to the ground and the mattress was at least a foot shorter than standard—a toddler bed, instead of the full-size one he'd had growing up.
"No. I can." John craned his neck, looking at Moriarty before holstering his gun and pulling out his phone.
"There they are! Link! Zelda! Bad dogs!"
Rosie danced on the stoop with Mr. Bear in her arms as John unlocked the door to the building, and Mrs. Hudson emerged from her flat before they were both all the way inside. Rosie dropped the stuffed bear and ran to give her a hug.
A 221B ficlet.
Sherlock had another brief flashback to earlier today, but John put on the news, and Moriarty did not suddenly appear and take over the broadcast.
"No! Cold!" She pulled her hands away and crossed her arms. Her glare was also very much like John's.
"I told you, I'm not letting you cut my hair."
"Sherlock, have you lost your fucking mind?"
"He does not."
"Is it Bill?"
"Not in my office, you don't!" Lestrade shouted. "I eat my lunch on that desk!"
"I know," Sherlock replied.
I wrote a 221B ficlet that's set in this universe if anyone is interested--it takes place after this story, when Sherlock and John go on holiday with the Holmes family.
"Daddy, go home! Now." Rosie's demand was sleepy but determined.
"She can stay with her sister, if her flat needs to be cleaned, too."
"Yay!" She clapped her hands together and then threw her arms around his neck.
He pushed the laptop away and closed his eyes to review his mental file on Moriarty, created nearly a half-dozen years ago and rarely accessed since then. Moriarty was not following the same modus operandi as he had back then, when he'd kidnapped hostages and forced them to play his game of phoning Sherlock to give a deadline to solve a puzzle.
Mummy wrinkled her nose, but John spoke before she could object further. "We appreciate the concern, but we've been through things like this before. We can take care of ourselves."
“He probably stopped at that new bakery for a second breakfast.”
Sherlock sighed and shook his head at him. "Come here," he repeated, and held his arms out.
"No. She's fine. She's on holiday." John took off his gloves and shifted so he could put his arm around Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock slouched against him.
Mycroft straightened up. "I'm fine. This is ridiculous. Why would Eurus do such a thing? Where is she?"
"Oh, for God's sake." Mycroft slammed the laptop shut and stood up. "I'm going to do something useful and enquire about the state of your flat while the two of you sit here mooning over each other." He stalked away from the table, Anthea silently rising to follow him without looking up from the phone in her hand.
"John's hair is getting long, and he still managed to make it look presentable before he came to breakfast." Mummy turned away from the cutting board to look at them. "I like the longer look, John. Reminds me of Daddy when he was younger."
Once John was gone, Sherlock phoned Mycroft rather than texting him, which in itself was a good indication of how much his mood had improved. Working together, they quickly traced both Crawfords' entire employment histories. Christopher had been in a series of low-paying office jobs for four years, with three different employers. Before that, he'd worked for a company called Moran Productions. On the surface it appeared to be a television production company, but a little digging showed it had no physical offices and had never filmed even a single scene.
“Brilliant idea, running off alone. I’m surprised you let him go.”
He crossed to the desk and pulled the chair out, setting it opposite the fireplace, in line to make a triangle with their armchairs.
Aunt Eurus grinned. It was kind of a scary grin, like when Sherlock was trying to frighten stupid people away, but Rosie didn't think she was trying to be scary. "I'm glad you got my gifts," she said. "Have you liked them?"
"No, but you're sleeping with him again."
John closed the door behind her and turned to Sherlock. He didn't say anything, just looked up, head tilted slightly to the right, and raised his eyebrows.
"I guess so." He let himself sink into John's embrace and they sat together for a while, watching Stone be entertained by the wildlife outside. Though he wouldn't have admitted it to most people, Sherlock relished the chance to sit in silence like this, especially after the emotional tumult of this morning. Given the opportunity, he thought he might be tempted to take John and Stone and run off to live quietly in the country, where no one else could ever find them.
John nodded, the motion over-exaggerated, and didn't object when Sherlock began to push his chair, though that was normally considered a violation of the highest magnitude. He was still drifting in and out of consciousness when Sherlock and the pilot lifted him into the helicopter that was waiting outside.
"I used up all the batteries for the lanterns listening to my CDs in my workshop this summer," Grandad said.
"And had what I can only assume were a couple of soul-baring conversations with her."
"I bet it does." Sherlock stepped all the way into the tiny room, using one slipper-clad foot to nudge the pile of clothes that Rosie had thrown up on—her dress and tights, John's plaid shirt—out of the way. "Is this the box from the chocolates that Mrs. Hudson gave you yesterday?" he asked, holding up a large, heart-shaped box.
"Are you sure about that? You're willing to risk feeding our dog nightshade just to prove a point?" Sherlock swooped up the pot and marched into the kitchen, setting it in the window next to the fridge-freezer.
"You're an arse." John whacked him in the shoulder. "I'll be home around 5."
—and when Mary wasn't fleeing halfway around the world in an attempt to outrun her past. God. Thankfully, Rosie seemed to be turning out all right despite her parents' flaws. He did try to be a better father now, and maybe he could help Sherlock do better with Eve.
Thank you to
"Turn the sound off this instant!" Mycroft dove for the phone, knocking it from Sherlock's hand. They wrestled over it for a moment until Sherlock finally got possession of it and hit the pause button.
Sherlock bounced the bottle of oil from hand to hand, then made himself still his fidgeting. He stepped up next to John's chair, hands behind his back, and spoke very quickly. "Molly says your job has been very stressful and that's why your shoulders hurt and that I should offer to give you a massage." He thumped the bottle down on the table next to John and took his hand back immediately, waiting to see if he had to pull on his armour and resume pretending he didn't feel things that way.
As soon as Sherlock left, she brought her tablet and phone downstairs and stretched out on the sofa, which was the only comfortable place to sit in the living room. None of her friends were around to chat, but it would be nice to spend some time watching videos and listening to music without having headphones on.
"I don't want to go to practice. I want to stay home with you."
John shook his head, then, instead of going downstairs, pulled himself up to the top step. "Come here, you idiot. I love you so much and I was so scared." He held his arms out to Sherlock and squeezed his eyes shut.
She kept up her smile, but he caught a glimpse of fear beneath it. She was a good actress—the smile looked real.
"I admit I have become lax in my tab-keeping." Mycroft sighed, pulling out the chair Sherlock had been using earlier so he could sit down across from John. "I rather thought it had become your job, Sherlock. Isn't that what a husband is supposed to do? Keep track of everything your spouse does in his free time?"
Not a terrible problem, and one he could help her with. "Abby? Or would she not want to go because she's Jewish?"
A text, not a call. Sherlock had called him when Eurus had shown up—did that mean this time it wasn't an emergency? Or had he just known John was unable to answer the phone if he was with a patient? He probably had some minor issue with his mother, or was on a quest to find a better way to sterilise Eve's bottles. The fact that he hadn't followed up his plea for help with any details was a bit disturbing, though.
Sherlock sighed. "I'll consider it. Now, go. Fetch Rosie and return to me." His grin seemed real, and John's own anxiety eased considerably.
"She said you brought her crisps and didn't ask for any favours in return. And that you weren't interested in looking at a cardiac tumour and didn't outright refuse her offer of going to lunch. So I headed here, and then you texted me."
"Yeah." John cleared his throat, then tried and failed to suppress a cough.
Sherlock grumbled but stood up from the bed once more. It was clear that John wasn't going to continue doing anything with him until they dealt with Mary.
He glanced to his right; he would have to stand in a bush, but he should be able to reach one of the windows. Before he could try, he heard a series of thumping noises coming from behind the door, and a moment later the sound of a deadbolt snicking open. He tensed, readying himself to face whoever was on the other side, and wishing he'd thought to have John grab his gun before they'd raced over here.
"Again, you and I have been in a relationship since 2010, John. I think we'll be okay."
He frowned at his phone. That could mean anything—John might be in a cab en route, or still at the clinic, intending to leave but chatting with Sarah or another of his co-workers. He started to type a follow-up demanding that John be more specific, then decided that it didn't matter because he couldn't spend another minute alone here with Mycroft and Anthea. He turned to face them. "It's been lovely chatting with the two of you, but I need to take Stone over to the park."
Inside the bag were two wedding bands, their plain gold grown dull with age, each still attached to a severed, blood-spattered finger.
Mycroft folded down the newspaper he'd been reading. "This is my parents' house, the traditional place for family to gather to celebrate the holidays, I believe?" He picked up the tea sitting next to him and took a sip, staring at Sherlock over the top of the cup.
"How much do I owe you?" The woman stood in the living room, halfway between Sherlock and the door to the flat, her handbag in one hand and her chequebook in the other, clearly eager to leave.
Changing the order of prompts again, jumping in time, and writing another quick 221B because I am trying to get the final chapter of
"I wonder why."
Sherlock scowled. "Of course not. You didn't let us finish."
John turned to face the camera again. "You said penetration."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I swear to God, Sherlock, if you say 'chim-chim-iney' one more time...." John lowered the newspaper to glare at him.
The belief didn't seem to factor into John's daily life. When they'd first met, he'd told Sherlock that after he'd been shot, he'd asked God to let him live. And he'd been married in a church, and had Rosie christened as an infant, of course. But he didn't make Rosie say grace before meals, hadn't taught her any prayers, and never took her to church, except at Christmas and Easter. When Sherlock pointed out that there was no reason to drag her to services even twice a year, John bristled and sent her off with Mrs. Hudson to buy a dress for Christmas Eve.
Sherlock's chant lost its cohesion, becoming just a blur of carnal sounds, and his pace sped up, losing the rhythm it had had as he drove deeper into John's body.
"Yes, of course. Why wouldn't it be?"
"Oh, er, yeah." John glanced at his watch. "I—I should. Will you be all right alone for a bit? I was planning to pick up dinner and bring it back here, if you'd like me to."
"Good." Sherlock let himself sag a bit in relief, then switched his attention from Rosie to John. "Take off all your clothes," he said.
"Yes, I'm very aware of where you were. You asked them to do it, though. Stage their little 'intervention'."
"No. Not true. She was never given a chance."
"Stop." He gave a perfunctory tug, trying to free his arm, but John didn't let go, and Sherlock wasn't willing to struggle against him.
Sherlock's right hand went to his flies briefly before he pulled it back, folding his hands together at his waist.
"Snowfakes!" Rosie shouted again. "Where dey go?"
"What? This?" John lowered his eyes to Sherlock's mouth. “I hope not.”
"Hmph. It's not been a problem for us. We can use the fireplaces if it starts to get cold in here."
Molly hated to ask, but she had to know. "So, erm, you brought three dates tonight, right? What happened to the third one?"
"You really should be eating better at your age, Sherlock. Have some fruit."
"I'm sure," he said, just as John's hand moved further, slipping across his inner thigh to his bollocks, hitting the perfect balance between firm and gentle. Sherlock tried and failed not to moan as his cock began to stir above John's hand.
“He could be, but he’s not. Mummy and Daddy know every business owner in town, and everyone knows who John is. He’s not there.”
"Maybe we should sign him up for obedience classes," John said.
"What are you doing? Who are you calling now?" Sherlock followed him across the room, craning his neck to try to see Mycroft's phone. "You've already got people looking for Eurus. What more do you need to do? Besides leave this flat—Eve clearly doesn't like you. John, pick her up so she'll stop being scared."
"Yes?" John vaguely remembered Molly saying that, which was doubtless better than Sherlock, who probably didn't even know Molly and Greg were having a party.
"Why not? He killed people, too, right? Like Aunt Eurus."
"Mm." Sherlock stretched his own arms and legs, then tipped his head from side-to-side, trying to work the night-time stiffness out of his neck.
John picked up after the first ring.
"Yep." Sherlock popped the 'p" in his reply. "And this is just the beginning. These aren't the only bells I'm wearing."
"A minute? Gemma could be dead right now," he said, before realising that it would then make no difference how quickly they got into the building. Thankfully, John didn't point out his lapse in logic. Sherlock grimaced as he listened to Donovan explain the situation to the cleaning woman. He knew his level of worry for Gemma was out of proportion to his usual concern for potential victims of crimes, but given that she had been the one who'd indirectly inspired him to propose to John, he thought he at least owed her a debt of gratitude. She certainly didn't deserve to be killed because of him.
He stood and with a push of one foot sent Lestrade's chair rolling backwards out of the way, then began to clear a space in the middle of the desk, setting both Lestrade's and the Crawfords' laptops to the side.
"She smells so good. You smell so good, don't you little Eve?" Sherlock tipped his head down and kissed the top of her head. "Even mean old Uncle Mycroft is going to love the way you smell."
"No, no, it's fine! You assumed right! Even before—this." He stepped closer and waved his hand between them. "I had been thinking that Rosie and I should move back here. I just never dreamed I would be moving into your room. But I want to, I do." He looked up at Sherlock and saw the happiest, most unguarded expression he had ever seen on his face. And beyond that eager smile he saw—yes, that was lust. It was unmistakable, now that he knew what he was looking at. "Come here."
"Okay, well." John pushed the locks down on his wheelchair, then ran his hands up Sherlock's thighs again, more firmly this time. He stopped with his thumbs a hair's breadth away from where Sherlock wanted them. "Let's get to it then."
Rather than cooperating with his desire for a fast getaway, John started to help move the chairs back to where they belonged.
"Oh, well, maybe. If he's had a nap."
"So answer it. What if it's about the case?"
John let himself slump against the chair for a few moments, then gave up and walked around it to sit down. He wasn't hungry anymore, and knew he should go upstairs to get ready for bed. He had no reason to sit here feeling sorry for himself. Nothing had changed. Nothing had changed—that was the problem. Their friends and casual acquaintances were still making jokes about him and Sherlock being a couple and Sherlock still wasn't interested. The hugs and tiny kisses they had shared in the past few weeks hadn't meant anything more than friendship, though to John they felt like more.
Donovan drove them to Baker Street and after that they stopped for coffee before heading over to Scotland Yard. "I still don't know why you two insisted on coming all the way back here with me," Donovan said, as she led Sherlock and John into the office and across the room to her desk.
Or maybe John hadn't known how to react because he was just as confused as Sherlock. But John had been in plenty of relationships—he should know what to do. Which meant that the fact that he hadn't tried to kiss Sherlock back indicated that he really wasn't interested. Unless.... Sherlock's thoughts looped around and around, never reaching a conclusion. This was impossible. How did anyone ever manage to embark on a romantic relationship if this was what it was like?
Mummy turned to face Mycroft. "Why is it taking so long to catch him?"
Sherlock swallowed a glob of blood and stepped towards him again. John's left hand was shaking; he passed the lead to Sherlock, then made a fist and pressed it against his thigh. Sherlock reached out to him with his free hand. "John, don't—"
Sherlock grinned, a dark, filthy smile that only John ever got to see. "I added a few bells to one of the fox's tails we got. Remember how neither one of us was particularly into animal tails at first, until we discovered they could actually be quite pleasurable to wear?"
The boy picked up the filthy leads of the two huskies, wiping the mud that got on his hands onto the legs of his trousers. The girl frowned, then took a step back and peered up at Sherlock. "You're that detective man that my mum likes so much."
Sherlock emerged from the shower into the bedroom to discover that the dog had taken over his side of the bed. Since John was already up for the day, he had little incentive to crawl back under the covers anyway, so he let him stay where he was. He hung his dressing gown on its hook behind the door and picked up an old tennis ball that Stone had dropped in the middle of the floor, tossing it onto the bed so it wouldn't be in the way. "Don't drool on my pillow," he said. "John just changed the sheets."
"I'm not missing anything that you have to offer."
John was still up—he'd been napping when Sherlock got home with Rosie, and now sat in his armchair by the fireplace, a scowl on his face as he stared down at his tablet. Sherlock set down the magazine he'd been reading and took a careful look at him, taking in as many details as he could without staring so obviously that John would notice. Which was quite easy, given that John's observational skills had not noticeably improved in the decade that they'd known each other.
"Excellent medical advice," Sherlock heard Mycroft mutter behind him. He raised a hand in acknowledgement and opened the door to the building. The power hadn't been restored yet, so it was dim as he stepped inside and pulled the door shut behind him. The scent of smoke was strong even here in the entryway and grew as he climbed the stairs, walking up into a haze that made it even more difficult to see. He put a hand over his nose and mouth to minimise the amount he inhaled, though he had no doubt that over the years his smoking habit had caused him more damage than would a few minutes of breathing the air in the flat.
John shrugged. "I don't know. I didn't really think about it much. Plus, you've been doing so well on them.... I mean, I never expected you to keep taking them forever."
"I know," John said, and fluffed Rosie's hair as she ran past him. But he didn't move from where he stood near his armchair, and he didn't stop staring at Sherlock.
Sherlock clenched his fists to keep himself from sweeping the laptop onto the floor, then flinched as the television screen abruptly turned to snow.
Sherlock frowned. He'd been terrified that John would be hurt when he first started playing, but having seen him survive being kidnapped and abused by Moriarty, that fear now seemed greatly overblown.
Mycroft smirked and looked from Sherlock to John and back again. "No, brother dear. It appears Eurus doesn't share that preference—oh, good lord. Which of you finally broke down and confessed your undying love first?"
"I don't believe you."
Other plot notes: Moriarty was never mentioned in this series up until now. My thinking is that in this universe, Sherlock and John got together very soon after meeting. Moriarty did attempt to entice Sherlock into playing games with people's lives on the line, but he was caught, arrested and imprisoned after attempting to kidnap John. The infamous pool scene never happened, and none of the Moriarty-related events of series 2 occurred.
"No, that's not how it works. The first person picks a gift and unwraps it. The next person can choose to steal that gift or pick a new one that's still wrapped."
He reached the play area in three long strides and squatted down next to her to help her back onto her feet. "Up we go, Rosie. You're okay."
"Scene's pretty straightforward. I haven't let anyone touch anything. Not sure what you're looking for, though. We know how they died."
"I love the detective himself even more. Thank you for taking care of me and Rosie."
"Can't. Let me," John repeated slowly.
Once he was standing in front of the bed, he shifted his grip on John's legs again. "Okay, I can't just throw you without—"
"You knew he was going to try to kill you. That's why you texted me, isn't it?"
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, feeling the scabs inside shift, and didn’t answer.
"Me?" Sherlock scoffed. "I'm not the one who likes to moan in pain. And anyway, Daddy's got his hearing aids out by now, and I would bet money that Mummy's taken a tranquilizer to relax after having to deal with Mrs. Hudson all day."
John put his hand on his arm again and squeezed, then called out to Rosie. "Come here, sweetheart."
Sherlock tried to scoff at that, but knew from the way John touched his arm again that he didn't do a very convincing job. He stepped aside to let John use the ramp, but rather than following him down it himself, he turned to the short staircase next to it instead. He grabbed the railing with one hand and let himself slide down the few steps, barely lifting his feet. When he reached the bottom he sat, resting his head in his hands. It had started to drizzle while they were inside and the concrete steps were wet, but he couldn't feel it through his coat, and he didn't think he could stand up right now even if he had to. It didn't make sense that he was suddenly so physically exhausted, since he hadn't done anything beyond run a few metres into the building, but it felt like if he closed his eyes he could sleep for days.
"You don't have to—"
"You called who to do what?"
"That won't happen. Moriarty's dead now, and if you were enrolled in the study, you wouldn't be running off with me on cases."
"Obviously, given that the sound came from your pocket," Mycroft said. "Why should—"
He didn’t dare look away from the screen, because his mother was sitting right next to him and his father was standing behind the sofa watching over his shoulder and Mrs. Hudson was there, too, though he doubted that a little biting in bed would faze her.
"John!" Eurus's voice rang out through the flat. She stepped into view on the far side of the kitchen. "I don't suppose you have any spare trousers that you've left here in Sherlock's flat, do you? I'm going to be swimming in his." She held up a pair of grey jogging bottoms; in her other hand she clutched a dark blue t-shirt.
"What?"
"True. But, no. I only want you."
John moaned and pushed back against him, resolving to follow Sherlock's lead and pretend Eurus wasn't there, that she wasn't filming them and there was no possibility of anyone else ever viewing that recording.
Sherlock let his eyes roam over John's body for a few seconds, until his cock was once more hard enough to put the condom on. He knelt again, spreading his legs so his knees were on either side of John's legs. "Get up here." He put his hands on the sides of John's ribs and guided him upright, until they were pressed front to back from shoulder to groin. He planted another mask-hindered kiss on John's shoulder, but when he reached around to take hold of John's cock, John batted his hand away. "What—"
"No, I'm fine." John's voice was hoarse from days of coughing. He turned onto his back, blinking toward Sherlock in the dim light. "How are you and Rosie holding—"
Most important end note: For the backstory on John's nipple ring, please see the last chapter of
"I really don't mind."
"Whatever." Sherlock shrugged and dropped down onto the sofa to wait. Not even a full minute later he heard the lift coming back upstairs and raised his arm to check his watch. No, he hadn't lost track of time. Maybe John had forgotten something.
"Gran and Grandad?" John raised his eyebrows, glancing at Sherlock's parents and then back at Rosie.
"Um, this is making me a little uncomfortable," Mary said. "Maybe you could wait till—"
"Paternity leave?"
"Really?"
"Moriarty's as likely to try to kill you as he is me. I'm not leaving your side."
"Now Sherlock hug!"
"Sherlock. I'm not going to leave you." He shifted so they were sitting next to each other on the floor, then leaned in closer and drew Sherlock sideways into his arms. He'd seen Sherlock in distress before, but he'd never tried to comfort him like this, though Sherlock had now done it several times for him. Why? What had been stopping him?
Molly looked up and frowned at him and he tried to act natural.
"Can't do what?"
"Today's been a rough day." John lifted himself out of his chair and onto the bed. "This whole week has been...intense. Of course you've been feeling overwhelmed. That's normal."
"I didn't think you wanted! I've kissed you twice but you didn't seem—"
John exhaled a shaky breath and put down his phone. Lestrade had been joking, tonight at the party, and Anderson was probably too oblivious to realize that he and Sherlock weren't actually a couple. But The Woman. Irene. She wouldn't joke about this. Was Sherlock really interested in him, after all these years? How did she know? Had she and Sherlock been texting each other...about him?
"Sherlock." John stretched the fingers of his left hand towards him without lifting it from his lap.
John wriggled backwards a few inches as Sherlock stepped toward him. Eager, then. Obviously. He slipped his hand into his pocket again and found the small bottle of lubricant. The clack of the cap opening brought another needy squirm of John's arse in front of him. Excellent.
"She's down with Mrs. Hudson. I got her telly logged into our Disney+ account, so they should be occupied for a while."
"What—where are you going to go?"
Sherlock took a deep breath.
"And I have it on good authority that that particular set may be close to selling out, so you'll need to get to the shops immediately, or order it online tonight if you hope to have it in time. Good luck!" He clasped his hands behind his back and stepped toward her, trying to urge her toward the doorway.
John quirked an eyebrow at him.
He dropped the last box of clothes in the corner of the bedroom with a grunt of relief. The boxes hadn't seemed that heavy when he'd packed them up. He shook out his arms and walked into the living room just as Sherlock came back downstairs into the flat.
"That would be lovely. Send them separately, and they can wrap each other's gifts."
"Well, she sure had a funny way of asking for help."
"Ah, that's it. You're afraid of being the worst player on the court."
"Do you want me to be?"
Mycroft gave him a brief frown before stepping past him, then stopped dead just inside the doorway. "What is that?"
"My heart is not a trophy to be won." Sherlock crossed his arms, slouching in his chair. "And why would he think he would endear himself to me by blowing up our bedroom?"
"You put some of Rosie's lavender soap in the bath, didn't you?"
Eurus pushed her hair back behind her ears and gave him a smile he had no idea how to interpret. "I'm all for you wearing gloves, Dr. Watson. It's very professional of you. But I am clean, you should know. Well, I'm a bit filthy at the moment, but you know what I mean."
Sherlock's hand stuttered for a split-second, and John stroked slowly across the tight flesh beneath his cock. He stretched to kiss his mouth once more, and Sherlock's head rocked back into the pillow, letting out a long, slow groan. Beneath him, Sherlock's hand stilled, and John whispered, "Yes," as Sherlock bit off a small cry. A moment later, his whole body stiffened as his cock spilled over his hand, hitting John's stomach and covering Sherlock's own.
Mummy turned to look at Leon. “Are you sure you didn’t see him on your way here?”
"Okay." John sounded breathless already. He turned around so he was facing the fireplace between their chairs, then fell to his hands and knees on the rug.
John glanced at his computer screen, which listed the rest of the day's schedule. Another dozen appointments, most of which could be handled by someone else, though he would owe his colleagues a favour. "Let me just get through these next two patients—"
Sherlock bounded up from the sofa, then stalked his way slowly across the room, using the time to figure out the best way to lift and carry John. "You'll need to unlock your hips so I can sling you over my shoulder."
Rosie was a little worried about how Dad was going to react when he saw her drawing, but she'd worked really hard on it and wanted to show it to him, too. She pulled it from the tube she'd carried it home in and carefully unrolled it, spreading the paper out on the kitchen table.
"You'll have to water it."
"Mm-hmm. Of course you can. Kiss me," he said, and when Sherlock did, John switched his hands so his right was on Sherlock's cock and his left was in his hair. He held Sherlock's head in place while he teased his mouth open with his tongue. Sherlock let his jaw go slack, ceding control of the kiss to John, who took his time with it, his hand slowly moving between Sherlock's legs even as his tongue picked up its rhythm. After several minutes, John gave a particularly deep thrust of his tongue just as he tightened his hand while on the upstroke along Sherlock's cock.
"Was. I'm a nurse, now."
"But you kept working for him, even after he went to prison," Sherlock said. "For years."
"No, she didn't say anything specific about the father. She just said...." Sherlock blinked once, then said, "John, did you—"
Mummy looked nervously between the three of them. "I don't know. Maybe you should listen to Mycroft."
"I'm at work."
Sherlock met Lestrade's gaze so he wouldn't suspect him of any crimes while John continued to explain.
"Fuck, yes, fuck." John tipped his head back on the pillow and lifted his chest towards Sherlock.
"Do something?" Mycroft frowned at the screen that showed his parents. "What do you propose we do? Other than attempting to stop Eurus from playing games with Sherlock's head, but I know you don't like it when she's too heavily medicated to speak."
"But you're not leaving me here—"
"Nothing too terrible. Just...."
The door to the kitchen opened and Mycroft stood there, arms crossed over his chest.
John tipped his head first all the way to the right, then to the left. "No, I think I want to give my muscles a day or two to calm down first. Wouldn't say no to a bath, but I'm betting this flat just has a shower stall."
"But it is a game, to him. And I need to see it like he does if I'm going to be able to catch him." Not to mention that this was the most interesting case he'd had in ages.
"All right," she said, staring at him before bending back to her work.
The joke was a bit over her head, but Rosie ignored it anyway. "Now your turn! You hug Daddy!"
"You're really going to make eggs for her?"
Sherlock swallowed, hoping he simply meant that John could be arrested and not that he would be disappeared should Mycroft decide he was mistreating him. “No, he’ll either come back on his own or let me know if he wants a lift.”
"You're welcome to sleep in here, though I don't think I'll be going to bed tonight myself."
"I said I was. Please don't you start doubting me, too."
Lestrade sighed and emptied his beer bottle—he'd had a few already. "I'll go first, then we'll just move around the circle." He reached for one of the bags that John had brought.
John unloaded the car by himself, making several trips to haul boxes into the flat while Sherlock got Eve out of her cot and changed and fed her, narrating everything he did to a transfixed Rosie. The food John had ordered arrived, and John and Sherlock ate in the living room, while Rosie unpacked all of her old baby toys, holding up each item in turn so she could explain it to Eve, who rocked in her swing.
"All right." John wriggled a bit in the chair, then stilled. "Go ahead."
Sherlock let himself relax, and felt the tension in John's body lessen slightly, as well.
As he turned on the hob, his own phone vibrated in his pocket and he remembered that he'd promised to keep Molly updated about what was happening with Eurus. He pulled it out and sure enough, she was calling. He lowered the flame a bit and turned away from the pan. "Molly, hi. Sorry I didn't get a chance to text you. Been a little busy here. How's Rosie doing?"
, published in March of last year: “Cumulative Use of Strong Anticholinergics and Incident Dementia: A Prospective Cohort Study.” A queasy feeling began to curl through his gut as he read the abstract.
He spent most of the day at Barts. The little girl they'd found at the Dreyer house yesterday was still unconscious but alive; the bodies of the rest of the family had arrived at the morgue for autopsies. Molly wouldn't let him perform them, so he settled for critiquing her technique and stealing crisps from her desk drawer every time she got distracted. She did let him test Keith Dreyer's stomach contents after she'd done a visual examination, and he found that John had been right about the type of poison, not that Sherlock had doubted him. Moriarty had added the tetrodotoxin to their pasta dinner; it was potent enough that the small amount used would not have been detectable amid the flavours in the sauce.
"She seems to be feeling better," John said. "Have you heard from Mrs. Hudson?"
"Yes, hearts are okay," Sherlock agreed. "And I think that's the last one you need to make, if I'm not mistaken. Let's count them to make sure."
"No, nothing to be concerned about, just early-onset Alzheimer's Disease."
"Sherlock." John's tone was disapproving as he exited the lift, shortening Stone's lead to allow Sherlock to walk past them without being bowled over.
Mycroft scoffed. "She barely glanced at the tag. Does she even know how to read?"
"Yeah, I knew what you meant. It's just...." He sighed. What to do with Stone was an issue they'd need to resolve, but he just wanted a few minutes of peace first. "Could we talk about something else right now? Anything else? A case? Do you have a good case?"
John watched. Half the appeal of sex with Sherlock was watching him, though John was never able to wait long before joining in. Now he sat on the bed in front of him, stroking himself erect while Sherlock fingered himself open.
John's shoulders sank. "Ah, no. Come on. Don't ask me to do that."
"Sleep's boring," Sherlock said, but made no move to get out of bed himself. He watched John burrow into his pillows and let his mind drift, quite pleased with how the day had ended, even if he wasn't any closer to catching Moriarty.
Sherlock brought his hands up to John's shoulders again. It would've made for a better massage if John had kept the shirt off entirely, but he would make do.
"Did you? That sounds like fun!" He put a hand on her head and looked up at Molly, eyebrows raised.
if you're looking for something to read now. Thanks!
"I suppose." Sherlock rolled to meet him, and they kissed for long enough that he started to reconsider John's offer, but before he could say anything, John pulled away, keeping his hands where they were on Sherlock's shoulders.
One cigarette became two, but then he stopped. They were stale and not his preferred brand, but even the habit of inhaling and exhaling was undeniably soothing. He stuck the pack back in the drawer where he'd found it, not that Lestrade would be looking for them anytime soon.
“No!” Sherlock pounded the call button, though he knew Moriarty wouldn’t answer.
Sherlock opened his trousers and pulled himself free of his pants, then looked over at John again, eyebrows raised.
There was another flurry of movement in the hallway; Rosie tightened her grip on John's arm but didn't scream this time. A moment later Gram and Grandad appeared in the doorway, wearing matching plaid pyjamas and each carrying a torch. "Is everything okay?" Gram asked.
John rubbed at his own eyes. "That's how I made it through rehab, you know. Especially the first week or two. I couldn't sleep. I was exhausted and in pain but I missed you so much and everything was just so awful. I had to come up with ways to make myself relax enough to sleep."
"I wasn't
He sighed and turned away from watching John adjust his coat to make sure it completely hid the holster. "We won't go far. Just a bit of a walk." He saw Mummy throw a quick glance at John at Sherlock's use of the word "walk," and saw John ignore her look.
John did not make him a sandwich; he ignored Sherlock and left the room. Sherlock frowned.
—too prone to conspiracy theories to be useful in this context
The woman raised both hands. "Don't be afraid. I'm not going to hurt you."
"Why are your hands so dirty?" Mycroft leaned back, though Sherlock's hands were nowhere close to touching him.
Sherlock nearly choked but recovered quickly.  "Oh, yes, he's quite good in bed. And I can see by the small ring on your left hand that you're engaged to be married. How well does your fiancé perform?"
As soon as the doors opened, he began to talk, updating John on the progress he and Mycroft had made since this morning. "We connected fourteen names to Moriarty. Mycroft's people have rounded up eleven of them already. One of the others died three years ago, one's in Mountjoy Prison, and one emigrated to Canada two years ago, so the police there are going to—"
"Yeah, I know. I just hate sounding like some paranoid old man."
John's stomach tried to curl in on itself. Sherlock had drugs hidden in his flat. While he'd been babysitting Rosie over the past year. "Tell me what you had."
She was just trying to make him uncomfortable, now. He ignored her comment again and continued, sticking with questions he would ask any other patient in this situation. "Have you had any prenatal care? Any tests or scans?"
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, waiting to see if he needed to deduce or if John would explain, and John sighed. "Greg says their flat's upstairs and the building doesn't have a lift."
"Everything okay?" He tried to keep his voice casual as he stepped into the flat and started through the kitchen, even as he mentally began to plan what he would do if he reached the bedroom to find Eurus with a knife to Sherlock's throat or a similar situation.
"Sherlock." John's voice sounded as if it might crack. "Yes, it is likely that if I've been infected, you already have been, too, but we don't know that for sure. I still have to try to keep you safe. I have to. I have to know I did everything possible. Understand? I can't—I can't go through any of that again. I can't lose you." He didn't move from where he knelt on the rug, naked from the waist down, staring up at Sherlock.
"Can't wait to see you!" Moriarty cackled and Sherlock hit the button to end the call, cutting off the sound.
"No, I deduced it when I saw you the morning after you first tried it. I'm just not sure—"
John stepped towards him and they embraced; John was warm and solid and entirely too enticing in his arms. Sherlock let himself linger perhaps longer than was wise, though in his defense he did feel the need to savor such a rare opportunity. But John didn't seem to be trying to pull away, either. He had his arms firmly wrapped around Sherlock's torso, his hands resting lightly on his back. The hug went on for several seconds, until Rosie called out, "Now kiss, too!"
"We're going to build my house and your house, Gran! So the trains can go between them!"
He had an appointment five storeys above, on the roof of Barts.
He turned away from the mirror, somewhat comforted by the idea that John hadn’t really been trying to hurt him.
John shook his head. "Not true. I mean, I really don't think you need to worry about developing dementia from the amitriptyline, but I do understand why you're concerned and I think stopping is probably fine as long as you're not doing it on a whim. It's your body—you get to decide what you want to do with it."
John set his tea cup down a bit more forcefully than he usually would, especially when he was being polite around Mummy. "Come on, Mycroft. There's no reason for us to stay here. In fact, the two of us being here is probably creating more of a risk to everyone else."
"Yeah." He rubbed his left thumb over the marks on his right wrist, then switched hands. "I know I like a little pain play every now and then, but trust me, restraints are definitely not my idea of fun."
He turned away from the bed. "Erm, can you text Wiggins and have him pick up some sanitary pads? The thick kind."
John nodded. "We don't need you to keep tabs on us."
As much as he disliked sleep and saw it as a waste of time, there was something to be said for drifting off after taking a sedative.
"She can't—" Mycroft began.
"I'm not—I'm not the one that started it! You, you, trying to leave me here with your parents, and I'm not—"
"I'm out of the country right now, but if you're having an emergency we can talk for a bit or I can refer you to one of my colleagues."
"No, their lifestyle! How could the Crawfords have possibly supported their lifestyle?"
"Okay, I can get Rosie for you. She'll eat pizza, right?"
John let his tongue dart out between his lips as he considered. "I don't know. I didn't even know I did until just now."
"Just a little."
John tipped his head back and rolled his eyes ceiling-ward. "It seems much more likely that the two of you would start to squabble and kill each other. Maybe the security guys should come inside with him."
He exhaled and then stepped into the office, John right behind him. Two armchairs and a sofa for clients—
"You weren't attracted to me the last time I looked like this."
Now John laughed. "Okay. I'll be the boring dad," he said, and bit at his lip at the realisation that he'd made it sound as if they would be dads together. Sherlock didn't seem to notice. John swallowed and changed the subject. "Oh, I meant to ask. Did your mum and Mrs. Hudson buy a full-sized cot today? Because if they didn't, I can pull out Rosie's from storage."
Mummy blinked her eyes shut, letting the image imprint on her mind, then reached out and quietly shut the door to the bedroom.
Sherlock strode off to have a shower and John leaned back in his chair, feeling relaxed enough that he thought he might be able to fall asleep, until a cry from down the hall pulled him back to full wakefulness.
He turned back to see John pulling his vest over his head, the tight cotton twisting and stretching with his movements. Beautiful. John seemed perfectly comfortable undressing in front of him, apparently unaware of what he looked like, and how it was affecting Sherlock. Carefully, Sherlock let himself wallow in it, this rare, freely given glimpse of bare flesh. John's torso was lean and firm, not overly muscular but very well-formed for a man close to 50. The light in the room was too dim for Sherlock to tell if the dusting of pale hair across his chest was blond or grey; it tapered off to nothing mid-torso, then reappeared as a suggestion of fuzz that disappeared beneath his waistband. Oh, God. How did Sherlock expect himself to survive?
"He did track you down, didn't he?" Sherlock said "After he got out. What did you tell him?"
"No. She is not a dilemma. She's a child, and she is staying with me, so you can forget about whatever diabolical little plan may be forming in your mind."
He wished she were here now. Even though he wanted to be with Sherlock, at least if Mary were still alive, he wouldn't be alone. He hated being alone—it brought out all his worst memories, reminded him of how he'd felt when he'd been invalided out of the army and ended up by himself in London, all purpose to his life gone.
"Oh, Sherlock," Mrs. Holmes began. "I called the vicar to ask about baptisms and—"
"He will be," John said. "Thank you." He rang off and tucked his phone into his pocket. So. Rosie was sorted. He turned around and let himself back into the building, then climbed the stairs slowly, wondering how to make sure Sherlock understood that he wasn't staying because he didn't trust him, but simply because he was trying to be a better friend.
"Yes, I understand how plants work, thank you. Not for you." He gave Stone a light swat on the nose when the dog tried to sniff at it.
"You are planning to eat more than that for breakfast, I hope," Mummy said.
Sherlock sighed and moved his tea cup so he could spread the paper on the table, then began turning pages, only half-looking at them. Until— "What...how?" The photo was in full color, apparently snapped last evening when he and John had taken Rosie out for a stroll after dinner. Sherlock was holding her on one hip, a smile on his face as he pointed to something out of the shot—Christmas lights, lit up in every color of the rainbow, he recalled. One of Rosie's arms was in the air, too, waving in delight at the sight, while her other hand clutched tightly at his coat sleeve. John was next to them, an arm around Sherlock's waist, looking not at the lights but at Sherlock and Rosie, his expression unguarded and warm.
"No, no. He's upstairs pottering around, I think."
Sherlock tuned her out. Gemma was fine. Gemma was on holiday in Mallorca; she'd probably been sitting on the beach while he and John had rushed across town thinking Moriarty had killed her. He let himself fall back against the cushion of her chair again, trying to control the panic that was still coursing through him, even though he no longer had any reason for concern. John was wrong: this wasn't a nice little office. It was a horrid, anxiety-inducing cave.
"Oh, God." John stripped off the dressing gown and let it fall to the floor. He had on boxer shorts, for some reason—they were silky and sensual but he had no idea why he thought he'd spend any time wearing them.
John moved over to the cot and reached down to pat Eve, trying to quiet her, though she really wasn't doing much more than fussing a bit now. He kept his eyes on Sherlock and Mycroft, intuition telling him that he needed to stay alert because their argument was about to escalate.
"Why is it that I am eternally hopeful that you will talk some sense into my brother, particularly when it comes to matters of personal safety, and yet you continually disappoint me?"
"Oh, come on. You know why I have them, and you know I had nothing to do with it."
"Come on. Let's meet, just the two of us. Give me a chance." Moriarty sounded like a child begging a parent for sweets. "If we don't hit it off, I'll leave you alone."
"All right." Sherlock stepped around John so he could reach the kettle where it sat on the worktop. "Is there any food?"
"But...I don't want to."
Sherlock tilted his head. "You've been carrying Viagra around in your coat pocket in case I want to have sex with you in public?"
"Thank you," he told her, and took the plate to set it down on the desk. They looked a bit too sweet for his taste, and that was quite an accomplishment. "Come here, you have icing all over yourself." He knelt down in front of her and used the napkin she'd abandoned earlier to wipe her face clean. "There you go. See? I'm very good at cleaning up messes."
Molly didn't reply for a moment, then he heard her clear her throat. "All right," she said. "But be careful, John. Can you try to check in with me periodically so I know everyone's okay?"
Dad pulled the blanket off his chair and tossed it to Sherlock, then pushed the chair out of the way so there would be more space on the floor. "Go on, Rosie," he said, and nodded towards the fire, then crossed the room to retrieve the tray of drinks.
He could hear Mummy talking in the kitchen, so he shouted through the door that he was going to have a shower. He could clean off any remaining blood and prevent himself from trying to text John too soon.
"That's next month?" Sherlock wiggled the toes that peeked out from the bandage around his ankle and wondered how long he could stretch out the injury. "Not sure I'll be ready for a trip that soon."
"I know." Intellectually, he recognized that there was nothing wrong with letting Rosie and her friends shop second-hand, and that it was in fact environmentally conscientious of them to do so, but emotionally, it was a different story. "It's just—"
"Yeah, I will."
"If Moriarty managed to track Sherlock and John after they left Barts, then he would know that they came to your flat, which puts you in danger, too." He lifted his chin and glanced around the room, wearing his usual expression of distaste. "I'll take my leave now. Lord knows this flat is crowded enough without me. If there's anything else any of you need, do let me know."
