So This chapter is very important to me 😍 because I have imagined this scene long time ago and I couldn't write it those time.
Sam and Gabriel made breakfast. Stolen kisses here and there. Which made Dean continuously rolling his eyes and saying something sarcastically. and Castiel just giggled at them, didn't say such things like Dean. Of course, Dean and Cas helped them when they needed it, but mostly they just staring at each other when they think other one is not looking.
"Actually Mr. Winchester what are you doing in your brother's office this early morning, I mean I'm not judging or something, but just curious. And is Sam aware that you are coming? or you want me to call him and inform him that you are waiting for him?"
“Need your…aah need your cock” Cas peals and Dean grins him. And he pulls away to get the lube bottle quickly from the drawer.
"Please don't pretend, you know what I'm talking about. You had listened to my story, aren't you now?" Castiel asked when he felt he wants to cry again.
" yeah, Put your baby maker inside my hole and fuck my brain out!" Cas commanded and Dean entered to Cas and leaned to seal their lips at the same time.
Dean chuckled and took his cup and quickly fell next to Castiel on the couch, practically half on Castiel's lap.
Dean still was there standing up and thinking about the new offer then suddenly he showed them the middle finger and gave a death glare. And he got into the car, flew out there with his baby's roar. He was so fucked up.
Great. there are only He and Dean again. Cas wanted to wake up Sam, but it's a kind of childish move so he just got another sip. But he can feel Dean's glance on him again.
"Cas, I know you are so mad at me right now. And you have every right for that too, but I'm gonna sit here for a bit and gonna talk to you, okay? just please listen to me for few minutes okay?" Dean said and quickly sit in front of Castiel without waiting for a response from him.
Dean automatically stood up. What the hell Sam was doing. Shit. No Sam is right. Dean wished if he could go there and hug Castiel right now. But he can't. Practically how much his heart shouted at him to go there and took Castiel to his arms and soothe him, to tell him everything is gonna be okay, he can't, he can't do that, at least he didn't have a right to do so. So he just stood there without moving or say something.
"And finally how about you Gabe? you broke up with Kali two years ago and you still single. How about that?" Castiel asked.
His only relief was he got new friends and Mary and Sam were very kind to him, made him happy. But it ended becoming a nightmare as Dean was her elder son. Why my destiny always joking with me? why is God always made me ended up in front of Dean. Why God why? Castiel questioned today as usual before he falling asleep. But he didn't cry today. That was the only difference. But he was cried a lot earlier. Maybe that's why he didn't cry right now or maybe he got a bit stronger knowing that Mary is promised to be with him for everything and anything. Maybe it's a good thing after all. He got another person who really cares about him, besides Gabriel. He closed his eyes as dreams takeover him slowly.
"Dude, don't you hear what Mrs. Pamela said to that nerd. Besides I need these marks, so don't wanna get into any troubles" He said before yanking his hand and walking towards Castiel's desk without any delay.
Dean's heart leaped up for joy as relief rushed through his face. Cas wasn't done with me, he is not gonna reject me, he wants to see me too. Isn't he?
"Oh god, I'm sorry, it's my towel, it's, it's just broken, I really can't get up like this, I mean, can you please close your eyes, I'm gonna get up really quickly," He asked like a beg.
So how's that? Please tell me. Love to hear from you ❤😍 and don't forget to give me some kudos if you like it ❤❤
Nurse nodded. "Okay, Castiel I guess you are telling truth because there are much bigger buries for proving that, but we already take care of those, the pain will be reduced soon, bud the problem is, the time you were unconscious, that's too much time more than necessary. That's why doctors wanted to get some scans of you" Nurse explained to him.
Cas feels something wet on his hips as he looks at his hips, his eyes go wide as he sees his hips are bleeding, he starts to cry harder and beg Dean to stop.
"What? No. Mary, I'm so great full about your care, but actually, I really want to go home and I promise you, I can go home alone. I will be fine" Castiel said.
The man never left Cas to think about himself like that anymore. He loved to give presents to Cas, even for existing in this world. Dean adores him, always made Cas feels like he is wanted and cared for, mostly loved. So till this moment, Cas was completely impressed by Dean's courtship and his wooing. It's completely successful and there is only one thing left to fulfill. Castiel's YES. And Castiel knew he is on the edge to say yes and jump on the gorgeous green-eyed man and kiss him as much as he wants.
Castiel's heart was trying to come out and he can feel it hammered in his chest. His eye's wide and he was frozen in his place.
"Cas, don't do that please, don't hurt that precious lips like that" Dean said licking his own lips unable to hold himself saying so. He really wanted to touch those naturally red-pink lips.
But Castiel never tried to get to know about Dean or never flirt back because he didn't want any trouble in his life. Even though every time when Castiel saw Dean he can't take his eyes from that handsome man's beautiful green eyes. Those thousands of freckles all over his unbelievably handsome face, his strong well-built body, his strong looking arms, his very attractive bow legs, all just made Castiel drooling on him in his mind. But Castiel was strong enough to control himself and threatened to his own heart to never dream about any rich brats. And he didn't know about Dean. So Castiel makes sure to never let slide out his attraction to Dean. He locked up his romantic side a long time ago.
"Good, and for the record, if you gonna have some in the future, don't even think about that" Dean said again.
However, because of Castiel's long silence, Dean got the wrong message as his face fell and darkened with a big sadness. Then he smiled a very sad smile before turning to his glance down.
"Yeah yeah bullshit, he was staring at Castiel clearly for 7 minutes, if you want to see I got a clip" Azazel laughed this time and showed his phone to the eager football team who's trying to watch it, yelling they can't believe it.
and Castiel didn't know anything about Dean right now but he can imagine his character very clearly.
They have brought Dean to the castle quickly and the whole castle becomes a beehive. Everyone starts to scream and crying when King John starts to growl in a scary way. His loud snarls and his red eyes said the mighty Demon Alpha king is ready to start a war with anyone who did this to his beloved elder son. The crown prince demon Alpha Dean. His heir, his strength. So it's not a wonder when the whole castle going crazy like this. Some people say this would be the most dangerous and the greatest war in history if the king found out which kingdom did this to his Son.
"Yeah dude, don't worry he is okay now, just having few buries in his chest and stomach that's it, probably he will come back to college tomorrow, he told me so when I called him" Alfie put his hand on Kevin's shoulder and said trying to comfort him.
"Are you kidding me, just tell me everything I'm dying here to know about you more" Dean quickly jumped in.
"Dean ahh ahh ahh yes, ah fuck my tight hole. Please don't stop I need your huge thick cock Dean. Aahh god you feel so good inside me babe"
"Not at all, thank you, Dean," Castiel said and blew on the drink. Dean couldn't help but stared at his rosy lips when those lips perfectly blow the air on his hot drink.
"Hey, you wanna go to my room, then you can put your stuff there?" Sam offered and Cas eventually agreed as they ended up in Sam's room. They talk about what they going to do and stuff. Sam did his best to let Cas feel it's like his home. After few minutes Sam understood that Cas's nervous look was getting away slowly. His cheeks getting pink with happiness and his face lit by the excitement.
Castiel was walking through the library aisles, his eyes scanning the shelves to find the book that he wanted. He never gave any attention around him besides the books. Then he turned to go to the other shelves as next second he ran right into someone as he almost yelped. Castiel put his hand on his heart and had to wait another few seconds to get his breathes back to normal as he was stunned like a deer. And then he noticed who was happened to have he ran into. No wonder but it's the Dean freaking Winchester. Castiel's eyes went wide as he seeing him but Dean was having his smug grin for the whole time.
with me anytime you want. To bullied me, to insult me as much as you want. Isn't it? But remember, I do not belong to anyone. You are a sick bastard, just don't even think about a friendship, and don't ever talk to me again" Cas cried painfully before ran away from him.
"He said I'm a very weird and unnatural person and he said he feels like I'm a creepy guy, and broken up with me, and it didn't matter to me but his words made me so down and, I stopped even thinking about it and continued my studies after that.
Castiel tilts his head in confusion and then he glanced over his middle to check his clothes. His mouth went dry as his jaw dropped out and his eyes went wide with embarrassment.
Normally, Castiel is never got bored with his job. He always working great enthusiastic and happy. But for the first time, today he felt so dull and bored. Felt no mood to even smile a bit with his co-workers. Yeah, maybe it's because Mondays really suck. But definitely not because Dean is not going to come to see him today. He will tell so if someone asked him.
Anyhow he can't just jump into the guy and regret that later. so he took his time which Dean gave him very happily. But Castiel swore to himself if Dean's patience gets over before his tests still running he will kill himself for losing a guy like him. For losing Dean Winchester.
"Wait, is that mean? Oh, it's made Deano the eggnog thief?" Gabe said but it's mostly a question way.
Cas was getting a familiar panic as his heart started to race rapidly. His eyes nearly popped out of his head.
Sam never stopped talking about how wonderful was Clarence and of course his herbal teas. Mary always loved to talk about him so both of them enjoyed that chat but Dean was so done with Sam's talking.
"Dean, actually it's his private matter, so probably you should not asking about it anymore," Sam said glancing at Dean. It's pissed off Dean so damn much. How dare Sam talk to him like that. It's not his business.
Then Dean's pouty lips dragging to a beautiful and lovely smile as his so much green beautiful eyes aiming to his best friend's eyes.
"It's a relief to hear that Cas, but you know I just brought something to say sorry. I almost forgot about it after getting to know about Gabriel and didn't want to give it to you either after that" Dean said hesitantly.
Dean can see how uncomfortable Cas is right now. But he wished if Cas can sit there with him so relaxed way, just like he sat with Sam before. Dean can see the side of Cas's face. That side of his cheek is turning to pink now. Dean wanted to place a kiss there. But he took down his inner mind as he looked away from him. But only just a few seconds as his eyes turned into Cas again. Cas is beautiful. A really beautiful boy. His innocent face made Dean's heart shutter right now.
"What? It can't happen, he was just here, before a second ago. How? How could even he disappeared like that?"
The day they all going to college. Castiel was so excited because he knew his friends Meg and Alfie also going to join with him. But he never thought that his kindergarten best friend will meet him there who had been very changed. The kind little sweet boy into a very handsome stylish but very proud and easygoing boy who not caring about anything besides his family and best friends. Because he was trained to be the best, and the Man of the man. He hated to be weaker, failure, or be the second. Always he wanted to be first, at least besides in the class.
"Hey, Castiel you wanna join us..oh Dean what are you doing here?" Sam gave his brother a strange look.
"Okay then be safe mom" Don't try to lift anything, give all the heavy stuffs to this big moose" Dean smirked.
Cas put his dirty clothes outside and Sam took them downstairs. Everything was peaceful, Cas just tried his best to not think or touch anything in Dean's bathroom.
"Unfortunately with my strict time table and office life I can't look after him, he deserved a happy life with an Angelic, lovely, beautiful human, just like you. You are An Angel, you are so lovely and you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my entire life Cas, so this guy should be yours"
"Oh hey smells awesome guys, seems like I have missed the best part, sorry I just fell asleep" Dean yawned.
Dean groans but after a sharp eye roll, he pulls back from Cas and withdraws his hand from Cas's ass hesitantly.
The only thing working on Dean's body was his eyes. His brain is having a coma right now but his hungry eyes roaming all over Castiel's tan and beautiful sexy body but then Castiel suddenly looks like he was getting out of his own brain coma. because he just sat on the bed and covered his body with the only cloth he got in his hand, the pant he was going to wear.
"and it's "Sam" okay? I'm also very glad to hear that too" Sam joined smiling at him. Gabriel quickly looked at him grinning.
Castiel felt on his back and covered his face. started to crying because he felt a huge pain, also he starlet as hell, he didn't know what happened to him, just felt to the ground and started crying. Dean's eyes go wide the second he saw the accident without even a second thought he ran towards Castiel. He down to his knees and grab Castiel's hand which now covered his own face. Also, two teachers were running toward them around the playground.
Actually, Castiel can't believe how it changed into this very pale and numb face, from that most handsome, cheerful, and most live face of Dean that Castiel has ever seen. He hissed at the thought.
Next second Dean managed to push Alastair and Raphael from him and hit Azazel two more punches. But all of the gang grabbed him this time yelling both to stop.
"Cas, look buddy, I'm so sorry, I'm a huge idiot, I didn't mean that shit. I mean I didn't mean to yell at you, I'm really sorry" Dean continued but Castiel huffed, sad, but sarcastically.
"Dean don't be silly, you know I don't hate you, you are my friend," Castiel said walking towards the door as Dean followed him.
Cas was in his bed when Sam's message popped up on his phone. Cas was promised himself he will never going to Winchester home ever again as soon as he found out that Dean is Mary's eldest son. So obviously he was going to reject Sam's request. No second thought. But the problem was how to reject it without hurting Sam's feelings. Sam and Many are the first humans who really care about him after a long time. And Sam already gave him the best friend title. So it would be really great and nice to hang out with him, and a sleepover in Sam's home. but not when Dean freaking Winchester is living in the same house, so he has to say no. But it takes a few times for him to get a decent way to say No.
It's been freaking six months. yes, full Six months and still when Castiel comes out from the office, Dean freaking Winchester will sit outside of the office, in the huge guest area with something new, something different kind of gift in his hand.
"This is amazing man, god this aroma is so nice. the best herbal teas I have ever had in my life, thanks again dude," He said keeping the bottles to his chest.
"Dean I don't care about you ate it, of course, I brought them for both of you, but the problem is you knew I'm waiting for a guest and I thought we have dessert. So I didn't make anything and now we don't have any dessert and it's 4.50 now, I mean you should have told me that you finished all, then I could have to bring something"
Dean knew he has to do a lot more than this when he noticed it had been a month and his time for the bet is running so fast. But the only progress he getting is, his whole heart was literally being blinding with the strange feelings towards the Castiel. And Dean couldn't understand what's wrong with him but the only thing he knows is Castiel makes him happy, even the kid's existence makes Dean's heart warm. Every time Castiel came in front of him Dean's heart skipped his beats but Dean was always able to show it in a cool way to the outside. Dean couldn't stop staring at the poor kid and smirks at the blushing and helpless Castiel when he caught Dean staring at him.
"It's fine Cas, I swear. And I'm happy that finally, My Angel came to rescue me" Dean mumbled again as Castiel can't hold his angry face as he huffed a laugh. He put one hand on Dean's shoulder and the other on his chest. Then they slowly walked to the Car Castiel just parked in front of the building. There are four watchmen and they came to help them but Dean said everything is okay and close the office for the night.
"Yes, Dean I managed to give a call to Michael my eldest brother. He promised to inform my parents and my other siblings. they are on their way but it will take more hours for them to reach here" Castiel answered.
Mary looked up at the opening door and her expression of exhausted suddenly changed to one of the delighted amazement
//'m fine Gabriel, just had an exam so was a bit busy. that's great to hear that you are coming over at weekend, then see you soon//
"Oh my god Dean, you are........ You are very bad, very very bad" Castiel just made sure not to look at Dean right now as he knew he was blushing dangerously. He just tried to open the car door but suddenly Dean was behind him.
"Mmm please don't cover the eye candy baby, it's so beautiful view" Dean smirks and Cas's cheeks turn pink.
"Told you that I don't care about my life anymore baby, but I really need this today" Dean is so stubborn today as next second he pulls Cas's pantie down until it's on his shining, creamy thigs as Cas yelps as "Noo.."
"Don't be ridiculous Cas.." Dean groaned and took a bite from a cupcake. And make sure it's from the exact place where Castiel ate before. Castiel's face lit up again.
But unfortunately, Cas felt that feeling again as his concentration is broken for a moment and he turns his head to look around to see if there is anyone else looking at him. And that exact moment he doesn't see Michael's incoming shot and he falls on the ground with a huge thud. And both Michael's and Raphael's swords are on his face the next moment.
"And of course, Rufus kept crying that he can't keep you in the team as you have missed practice more than a month now repeatedly. What are you even doing son, I know Mary's accident took your time. but it was mouth ago, but now why in the world you missed the practice? You want to resign from the team? I thought you were obsessed with football"
"Not at all, it's a big deal for me, besides you were at a big meeting and still you managed to give attention to me and here you are, came to sing for me on Valentine's Day, I still can't believe it Dean" Castiel felt like he goes to cry as he quickly ducked his head. Dean put another step closing the space between him and put his finger on Castiel's chin to life his face.
"No Dean, I'm sorry I made you think so, I'm actually break down with that, I mean I'm an emotional mess" Castiel answered wiping his tears. Dean let go his face with a brief relief in his heart.
"Um, nothing, nothing man, just let's go" Dean babbled, dragging Benny into the cafeteria before he noticed Cas and the other guy.
"You know you are an assbutt, how come you are always catching my little awkward personal moments" Cas glares.
Well, that's the best opportunity to blast Dean's idea as Dean just opened and closed his mouth a few times thinking how to tell it.
Dean was holding the heavy red rose bouquet with both of his hands, but on the side of the bouquet he can see Castiel's head tilting and he groaned biting his bottom lip, making Castiel more confusing. Dean has always controlled himself when Castiel did that cute head tilting thing. because the only thing Dean wanted to do when he doing that, was jump on him and kiss him as much as he wants. But eventually, he controlled himself. Dean licked his lips before speaking again.
"Just asked, and you remember that Cas will become over tonight, right?" Sam asked quietly causing Dean's mood swing within one second.
“Oh really? good to know that.” Dean says while licking a stripe of Cas’s neck earning a delicious moan from Cas.
"Wait, Dude seriously just think why'd I say something like that if not someone told me so. I wanted to warn you before you get it as a rumor" Azazel was very cunning and smart enough to got Dean there.
At the same time, Cas was in his bathroom without knowing what's going to happen in the next second, naked and wet after the shower. He felt Dean's bathroom was teasing him. Because he can't stop but keep imagine Dean getting shower in here very naked. Only Cas wanted right now is to get out of this bathroom and pull into his clothes and get out of this house as soon as possible. So he quickly wrapped the towel over his lower waist and put his hand on the door nob to open it.
"I'm not lying like your kind, Demon, you are disgusting and you are the last thing I ever want to even look at"
Dean smirks before settles between his legs and leans into Cas's delicious smelling pussy, it smells so sweet and the most mouthwatering scent Dean ever has. Dean's tip of the nose touches the wet patch of Cas's panties when Cas shivers
"Dean just calm down. And you, what the fuck Azazel, Dean hate the guy. Don't you remember how he treated that cocksucker last year?"
It didn’t calm Dean's irritation inside him. But he resisted the urge to hit this asshole for saying that as simple as that.
"You mean your boyfriend?" Gabriel shooted back. Now Dean directly glancing over Castiel to see his reaction to that. This Gabe guy is actually a fun and awesome guy. He is kinda good for a wingman. Dean thought trying to stop his laughing.
"Like? Dean, I loved it, your singing was awesome, you are so talented and those arrangements are so lovely, that's the most romantic thing I have ever received even you called it cheeky, Thank you Dean" Cas said in a very shy voice and before his heart change the decision, he leaned in and pressed a soft and warm kiss on Dean's cheek.
"Wow, Cas you gonna seduce me or something like that, jeez Cas not even waiting for our first date?" Dean teased chuckling and Castiel rolled his eyes given a playful shove on Dean's arm.
"Well, I don't know do they dating or not but I have to agree with the part, they look cute together" Grath added as he took the stroke of his drink into his mouth. Dean rolled his eyes at him.
"Ah ha, seems like everyone has a brother's troubles in this Christmas. Anyhow Look dude, I'm also in a hurry, and the funny thing is I even don't like this shit and I'm not a freaking vegan. but I need to bring this home for a huge vegan nerd who suppose to stay in his home alone without giving this much trouble to me" Dean burst out without breaking eye contact with Castiel.
He stated quickly mostly looking at Castiel who was drinking his eggnog as he is not giving so much attention to the discussion.
"Oh yes I am, so now, after all, you had just flirted with me, and we became friends, now baby can I take you to a dinner out tonight?" Dean asked leaning towards him a bit. His voice smoothes but a bit seductive at the same time.
"Oh god Dean, I was crying like a baby a few hours ago and now I'm laughing here and that because of you. You know, thanks for that too. And I'm ME okay?. No one didn't do Anything to ME and I'm ME"
Wow, Castiel has to use Dean's phone now? What's going on with my life. Castiel stopped his thoughts and took the phone from Dean's hand.
He licks and sucks Cas's lips while Cas tasting himself from Dean's lips. Dean is smiling when they apart for the air.
"Dean, your big cock is so hard, mmm probably we should stop now and getting on our clothes back before someone walk into us like this" Cas says touching Dean's naked chest.
"Of course Dean, I do come definitely. You are my friend, now please, please let's go to the hospital" Castiel begged, cupping Dean's face again.
Sam just staring at his brother for a moment before his face lit with a  bright smile as Dean's eyes lit knowing that his idea is probably working.
"Oh don't even think about it Ben son, you gotta work hard too, I'm not gonna do your part this time" Charlie slapped on his shoulder earning an ouch from Ben. Dean only chuckled but his whole attention was aiming at Mrs.Pamela.
This whole time Cas didn't see Dean. That's a good sign. Maybe he is absent today. But Cas remembered the way he asked last night as "see you tomorrow?".
And then that piece of paper again fell on to his book and Castiel saw red now. He lifts his head and looked at the boy in front of him who was now giving him his signature Winchester charming grin. Castiel's jaw clenched and his brows snapped together.
"But you know, don't worry we are not gonna bite your precious new son, I mean at least ME, I'm not gonna bite him but I can't guarantee about this drooling giant here, I don't know what's going on him though" Dean chuckled and earned two punches from both Mom and Sam.
Both Mary and Castiel gasped when they saw Sam padded down the stairs like half running. They can say that Sam was crying when they saw his face.
Great, what a start for a new day. Castiel didn't want to sit in the class right now, he wanted to die. He was fed up with his life. He grabbed his fallen bag and ran out of the building and to the outside washroom.
"ohh Cas It drives me crazy when you look at me like that" Dean said before he starts thrusting again.
Dean keeps going down and starts sucking Cas’s collarbone, then he moves lower and lower, kissing all the way down to Cas’s delicious body. Normally Dean loves to tease Cas’s sensitive nipples for hours, but for now, he gives wet kisses to each nipple. Then he took one nipple into his mouth and sucks hard.
The sleep is even not close to him right now. His heart is still thumping hard enough to hear that sound outside. Cas touches his neck and hisses in the pain he feels. This is gonna be a long night. Cas thinks as he sobs with the huge pain stab inside his heart.
"Dean answer me? Who's with you in your home right now. Because you need to go to the hospital right now" Castiel demanded.
"What? I just said the truth" Dean protest. Castiel shook his head trying to turn over to check his souse but Dean grabbed his wrist.
"Fuck you asshole and fuck your bet. I don't want to prove anything to you" Dean yelled he is still trying to get rid of them but the gang made sure to not let him go.
"Hey, hey hey wait a minute. yes you are correct.of course I'm still very angry with you, and I have to have a big talk with you. but later I will do that. And now if you want to kiss the hands which made that pie, then please kiss our Castiel's hands"
"Oh, in that case, this is just a bet, so according to that theory if you fuck a gay it doesn't make you a gay, coz the rules of the bet are made by us to giving you chance to prove how much you hate him and you are not a gay"Azazel said.
Dean said like he never heard the Castiel reply because he was too busy with scanning Castiel head to toe. Dean chuckled when he saw Castiel go completely blushed again.
Suddenly Cas is wakes up with a gasp. He waits for a second and thinks about what happen and why he is woken up. Then next moment he feels it again. Dean’s crotch is press hard to his ass and he can feel that Dean is fully hard. He is having his morning wood as Cas can feel he slowly rubs his cock over Cas’s ass. Cas bits his lips to hold the moaning back. But Dean is still sleeping wrapping his arm around Cas’s back and Dean’s body is flushing against his.
"I just wanted to hear your voice but instead you chose to come to me, and I know your presence always healing me, but I don't know how? it's the reality" Dean said in a weak voice. Castiel couldn't say anything but staring at Dean with teary eyes.
"Their ancient king was Lucifer, who's starts the demon kingdom. But as the time run, now they seem more different from the stories we used to hear. I mean I have heard them as soulless barbarians. But actually, they are not like that. Once I saw them closely when we fought with them in a battle. And that's only things I know about them" Gabriel finish glancing at very confused Castiel.
"Oh yes, of course, I was so afraid to go to the car park alone, coz who knows whom will be out there hiding front of a huge building like this, so now you are here for me so no fear, wow" Castiel chuckled and Dean stared at him playfully.
"Cas, Cas, hey answer me? C'mon Cas?" Sam yelled shaking like hell. Dean can say that Sam was going to cry any moment now. He was so frightened by the situation of Cas. And he truly believed that Dean had done something to him.
Dean was panting heavily, not only him but the whole football team was. However Dean was more active than ever and he was playing like a flash, running and moving so fast, so active, and also very smarter. He collected points more than anyone else on the team and seems like Coach is started to impressed by that.
Dean was happy. His plan is finally working and now there is no way for Cas to ignore him this time. He got enough time to make a friendship. He smirked at the poor boy when he sat near the chair of Castiel.
So Mary and Sam get to know about Castiel, but not all of his secrets. Everything are still so twisted and a mess. Will see😍😍
"Oh wait, I pronounced it wrongly. It's Cassie and Oliver, my bad kids" She said almost smirking at Dean but quickly get back to her work.
"I... I need.. I need my headphones" Finally Cas said because Sam didn't wake up. He slipped off from the couch and ran weakly towards Sam's room because his backpack was there, and his headphones. Cas was shaking and Dean knew what's coming up as he also ran behind him.
It was a very beautiful and cute pair of Male Ballerina shoes. And then Castiel took out a white male ballet tight.
When it was a year ago, before Dean moves to New York City, the gang was not bad this much. They never hit any kids just bullied lightly, actually, even that was not bullying, it was mostly having a proud and walking through the other kids like a wolf pack, heads up chest out and they make fun of some weirdoes but never hit or never did any harm to the students like they did today. But besides only one time. There is only one very unfortunate incident and that will never forget for two students and that’s the only time Dean hit a kid in the collage. That happened in begin of their freshman year before Dean left the College.
Dean massages the hard clitoris with his tongue. He folds Cas's big dark pink pussy lips with his tongue and licks all around them before taking those pussy lips into his mouth, sucking them like crazy. Cas moans and licks his lips unconsciously.
"If you tell me where are your pajamas I can get it for you" Castiel offers and Dean showed Cas where his clothes were, unconsciously because he actually can't believe this is happening. Castiel is in his room finding his pajamas for him. Castiel chose a nice and soft looking clean green color pajama set and gave it to Dean.
"Oh my god Donna" Castiel shouted and go down to his knees to help Dean to lift Donna who was laid on the floor unconsciously but kind of shaking and some hives were all over her hands, red patches all over her face.
"He told it," Azazel said and Castiel lifted his head to see whom he talking about. Azazel was pointing his hand towards the gathered of students and students were slowly get away from his pointing finger as slowly there was a space between them. gathering of students had kept spread away making alredy frozen and wide eyes Castiel leaving there. who's now standing directly to the pointing finger of Azazel.
"Aww now that's so rude of you sweetie, Uriel here is trying to be nice to you but you are not giving him a chance," Alastair said coming into his personal space as Castiel turned his face to other side with a shiver.
"Dean... Don't even think about it, come, let me make it up to you," Cas says and pulls Dean's leather, hot, royal pants down as his big, throbbing, and angry Demon cock bumps out. Cas's eyes go wide. Mouth hanging open.
Castiel felt his heart going to blow any moment now. A few minutes earlier he was jealous of the lady who he thought these roses will receive, now that lady he thought became himself. And Dean said he brought this for his loved ones. Oh my god, this sly bastard caged me very cleverly. Now he asking me out. Oh my god. I really want a chair to sit in before my cheeky ass fainted. Dean hated his childish and fangirl side.
"Dean, when I tell you that I didn't bake a pie, I didn't lie, but Castiel made that pie himself and brought it for us, so seems like he is making the best pie. actually it smells heavenly so I can tell its delicious too" Dean barely hear his mom's babbling after the part of Castiel made the pie. Holy shit, that was the best pie he had ever eaten and it was made by his greatest enemy. No way. Today is filled with wonders. Dean practically wend beetroot red and he stared at Castiel few seconds without knowing what to say.
Sam suddenly looks like a deer in fire torch at his cousin aunt's question. Her face looks like she is ready to beat him if he lies to her. Sam gulps before answer her.
"Okay then give me a second, I will give you a lift, coz I also going to the town, so you can go with me," Dean said walking towards the cupboard which he put his keys. But Cas seems like got shocked by that. He glancing at him like he can't believe what he just said.
"No Castiel you are not going anywhere without having dinner with us? Okay," Sam said and put his hand on Castiel's shoulders.
Cas forgot how to talk. He gulped staring at this unbelievable man in front of him. These sweet things he saying, are they even real? Is he a caring person this much? Is he really love him this much? Cas's heart is questioned and Cas doesn't know what to think.
"Cas, I.. I can't even walk right now. I just wanted to hear your sweet voice" Dean got another long, hard breath with a clear struggle, making Castiel's heart shutter.
"Sam said what Cas?" He asked softly looking at Cas's eyes directly, he put another step, reducing the space between them.
"Oh tell me about that, I have happened to share my entire life with that dorky elder brother," Castiel said yawning.
"ahh, I need to cum Dean... Ahh, I really need...oohh Dean yeeess" Castiel going to complain but it ended with a moan as Dean quickly start to lick Castiel's hard nipple.
Castiel didn't bring Gabriel any breakfast because he didn't know if he allows having outside food this much soon because of his injuries. Castiel asked him about that and Gabriel said a nurse came and already gave his breakfast and it was sucked. Then Castiel went out to talk with a nurse about his food condition then he can bring some food for Gabriel since now if they allowed that.
"Nope, I'm not being mean, just saying, but you know that's a good thing Mr. Winchester finally understands that. by the way good for Mr. Winchester. You just played with his time a lot, and of course, you are not worth him at all" She said dramatically signing and pinched the bridge of her nose bitterly. Then she walked out of his room.
The next hours went without any crazy incidence or troubles and Castiel only wanted to go home and jump to his bed.
"Shut up Balthazar and get out here before I order my guards to drag you out" Cas's voice came as a threaten as Balthazar quickly backup and they hear the footsteps of someone leaving.
But after everything, he still can't forget about Cas for one second and it frightened him. Dean checked the time as it's already 8.30. Okay, that means the game night would end soon because Cas will not stay his home today. So maybe he doesn't want to go to Charlie's place. He could go home after Cas leaves. Then there is nothing to worry about. Of course, Cas will not meet Dean today, no way. Dean can stay outside until Cas leave the house. Then he can go to his room and sleep like the dead.
After few minutes they pulled out slowly. And then Dean cupped Castiel's face softly leaning in. Then pressed a warm kiss on his forehead.
"Huh huh so man, seems like you also stuck here right?" Dean asked pointing at the College building.
"It's fine Mary, oh it's a pie, I hope the water will not go inside but maybe you can reheat it a bit," He said shyly. He is very proud of himself till now as he holding himself without panicking.
"Okay then wait here, I will come back soon" With that she gone out of the room and Castiel knew this is his chance to escape as he jumped out of the bed and grabbed his trenchcoat. he didn't waste any time and escape from the hospital when he got the chance.
Cas sensed his phone vibrating in his pocket as he took it to check who's calling him right now. He was walking down to the college at that time.
"Mmm babe please I need you, now. Let go those offices to the hell. Let's call them and tell them that we are sick" Dean hums and nibbles Cas's earlobe.
Dean couldn't take his eyes from Cas's face. Finally, Cas opened his eyes. Dean was staring into his bluest eyes. Cas also failed to tear his eyes from the most beautiful green eyes in front of him. They were beautiful and now Dean's eyes trail down to Cas's shaking lips.
"Oh what a shame, I thought you guys having fun last night though, what to do? your lost" Gabriel shrugged.
"Oh Cas I really love to and want to, but unfortunately I have to leave right now, but I changed the time table a bit and got some time to get rid of the other directors, so I can run here before they got to know that I'm missing," Dean said chuckling. Cas nodded at him with an understanding smile.
"Samuel Winchester, we don't have time for this, your brother needs medicine, but without knowing what happened to him, I can't heal him, because his outer body not showing anything, this is so strange case. First time in my whole life I see this illness. And I'm suspect about something, but I can't put my finger in the point without confirming exactly it is accurate, so please help me to save him" Ellen says like a threaten.
"Hey No, no, no. I'm a huge fan of Harry Potter too, man are you kidding me right now, this is not stupid, this is the best gift, love both of them, wow Cas thank you so much, even you didn't know me then, you have got me my favorites, how even that possible?" Dean's voice was so excited.
"What? Wha.. do you mean for Castiel? Jeez No, dude, he is one of my best friends now, why would you even think like that?" Sam was shocked at his brother's question.
"Hey, you boy, mind your language around me or I'm gonna give you a card, and you gonna sit on that bench in the next day. Do you understand?" Coach Rufus groaned at Alastair unexpectedly and Alastair quickly nodded at him.
He gritted his teeth and hit his own reflection of the mirror with his heavy bad. The bag hit the mirror and flying away but below the end of the mirror got cracked a bit and a piece felt down near Castiel's shoes. Without even a second thought he picked it up and shoved up his sleeve of the shirt. Then he ran the mirror piece on his hand a few times, cutting the flesh without even thinking.
"See whether you like it?" Dean said enthusiastically causing Cas to slowly opened the bag to see what is inside.
"Yeah man, it's ended very well, and believe me Cas is a very smart boy. And mom enjoyed very well, oh yeah, Cas too" Sam said.
"Cas, please wait" He called out and Castiel stopped with that and signed. He slowly turned to face Dean. His gaze drifting from floor to Dean.
"Oh god, Azazel don't tell us that you are a faggot too, what? are you getting interested in the nerd's bubble virgin ass?" Alastair asked with a cocky laugh.
"Benny hurry up and help me, and Charlie, you go back to the castle, give the news to the king and bring the healer as much as fast you can, we will meet you on our way, now hurry" Sam yells and Charlie glance at her unconscious best friend one more time and then she mounts the horse, and heads towards the castle fast as much as she can.
"Are you sure about that Winchester, because I'm wondering if there is nothing between you guys why the hell did you kissed Castiel?" He asked with a high volume as everyone can here.
"Oh Thank you but it's fine Dean, I will be okay, and otherwise Gabriel is home alone and I didn't even talk to him before I leave, so I should go home Dean, otherwise he will be helpless," Castiel said before standing up and walking to Dean who pouting at him now.
"Hey, hey, don't be sorry, you just misunderstanding what I was going to say, oh Sweetheart, I mean by "don't do that" Like you are making me crazier about you"
"Stop your drama. All of these stories are just huge lies. But you can't make me a fool, you demon. There is no such thing like true mates" Cas grunts.
"And hey, can't blame this poor guy here, even I found myself questioning about my sexuality when that kid passing by me, he's a freaking catch and he got this freaking hot ass" Benny admitted and the whole gang burst out laughing, of course except Dean.
"Mary, I think it's time for me to go home, actually I really want to thank you for being very kind to me for the whole time. And I'm so sorry for every mess I had to bring here. I'm really really very sorry" Castiel said looking at his hands.
"Okay," Cas answered again, just pretending he is not angry. But this boyfriend thing is going too far and it's a kinda crazy feeling. Cas absolutely didn't like to say Alfie as his boyfriend.
"Aww, don't blush like that sweetheart. It's so cute of you when you blush like this. So, I will let your hands go, but you have to promise me that you will behave?" Dean says into Cas's ears like a whisper. Cas have thousand of ways in his mind, to kill this Demon behind him. But now, he only wants to get rid of him.
Dean said balancing the tray with 4 cups of eggnogs. 3 cups filled with the traditional eggnogs which he made and one with vegan eggnogs.
"Okay, who wants more eggnogs," Sam asked quickly to lighten up the situation and everyone gestured that they want too.
Okay, he can't wait anymore. This is a sick game and he is so done with waiting. Cas takes the chair away from the door and puts his hands on the door to unlock it. But panic surges through him as he can feel his heart jumps and it feels so uneasy. But he has to check on Dean. His Dean. Finally, Cas unlocks the door and opens it closing his eyes. Cas sweats with fear and he thought Dean will jump on him any moment now.
"Done, and please give me a ring cut Then I will save your number" Said with a smile. Way to go Castiel way to go. What are you doing? Exchanging the numbers? His mind screamed at him, but he didn't care or he hadn't time to care as he was having a wonderful time with these wonderful people after a long time or he can say for the first time in his life.
"Nah, I'm okay" He answered with a sleepy voice and Dean stood up to go to the kitchen but never asked Cas, that he wants coffee or not. Sam didn't notice that too. But Cas really glad about that, because even how much he would love to have a coffee right now, he didn't want to drink a coffee made by Dean, so it's better he didn't ask.
For the rest of the day, Dean didn't saw Castiel. That's how Dean got to know that Cas was keeping his word, tha stay away from Dean's steps just like he said earlier. But Dean just let it happen for today, only today because he got plans for tomorrow.
"Hey hey son, it's okay, it's okay just let it all go, it's only us, okay. And I'm telling you again, I never thought about you like that, and never will be, and I'm really really gonna see you every day since today no matter what happened. and if you not gonna visit me, I'm gonna come there and kick your ass until you come home, okay? Mary said making him a little bit smile through his tears. She was kept hugging him.
"So, Cas how's your new apartment, is everything getting normal after your quick-moving?" Sam asked drinking his eggnog.
The next day both of them going to Sam and Gabriel's home for Christmas and Castiel stopped the car at exactly the same market which they met a year ago for the first time saying he forgets to bring vegan eggnog for himself.
"Sweetie can you come over maybe 5. And I can come over to pick you up if you okay with that" Mary kindly offered and that's surprised Castiel.
"Woah Dean what's going on, are you okay?" Sam got surprised by Dean's sudden entering at this time. Because even Dean came every day to see Castiel he didn't come to say Hi to Sam every day. And of course, Sam can see Dean's upset face.
Dean caught Castiel's gaze as he stared at him licking his lips unconsciously just as always he did. Dean can't get enough of looking at those freaking sexy and pinkish lips. Sometimes before he wondered how do those plum and kissable lips taste like, but then he goes terrifying with those thoughts and his hatred popping up for covering those dangerous and "ridiculous" Ideas. That's how Dean normally dealing with his feelings, always covering up those with his fake hate. But right now it's different. Dean was in the middle of apologizing, so he has to behave.
"Oh babe, I love the way it sounds when you fuck me. Hear it? Ahh mmm" Castiel asked as the room filled again with the sound of the wet move and the sound of Dean's balls slapping Castiel's ass. And also all filthy moans.
"Cas, sweetheart take your time as much as you want, I'm not going anywhere. I can wait Angel. I can definitely wait. Because I know it's worth waiting for what you really want. So yes, please accept this Apple Pie and I will wait. Hell, I will wait for you as much as you want your time. Because Cas the only one I want is you" Dean said happily and honestly. Maybe the first time Castiel sees Dean this much happy. Both of them smiled. Castiel felt a relief.
"Shut up Gabe, there is nothing to laugh that much, and I'm so angry with that assbutt, and you are not much helping here, and you are the reason I'm here right now, don't forget that, now please drive" Castiel threatened and Gabriel hardly controlled his laugh.
"Why? Do you think like that? And let me tell you this, don't ever judge me by only my handsome face, alright? Have a nice evening gentlemen" Dean winked at pissed-off football players walking backward and then he is gone.
“Hmmm, okay, okay…but I need few days. We will check for five days, then if something happened again, we gonna get an appointment. But if nothing happens in those five days, we gonna forget this psychiatrist thing forever. Deal?” Dean asks and leans again for Cas’s lips.
"Believe me Cas, it's definitely because of you, and also believe me I met lots of doctors and gone through lots of medicines. And I'm fully cured. But sometimes it triggers and when it's triggered I'm a mess and this happening" Dean stopped and glanced at Castiel's face.
"So, about this your boyfriend, he's look's like do care a lot about.." Dean tried again but quickly stopped by very embarrassed-looking Cas.
Dean is madly in love with his soulmate. But his Omega prince is unconditionally hate him. So what will happen to them? Just check it out.
"Fuck you and your fucking guesses Azazel, I'm not a fucking gay you fucker. And I don't have anything for that cocksucker. Just let me go and then I will show you who is gay. Let me go, let me go Michael" Dean yelled like a mad man.
“And yes let’s go to the Doctor, but Cas, forgive me plea…” Dean couldn’t complete as Cas press his lips to Dean’s.
"Yeah, yeah, everything is great, I just, um" Sam chuckled nervously, looking at his Mom like he is asking for a guide.
"Which vehicle hit her, did anyone see that," Castiel asked from the people when he remembered about it as he never saw any damaged vehicle or anyone who looks like guilty for the accident. Probably the bastard who hit her must be gone without stopping as a no one is here to suspect and no vehicle either.
Ok this is a little awkward, he didn't want to act like a thief, damn.. basically he was the hero of the scene but he can't let them know who he really is. He was so scared to be recognized by others, he was so antisocial and he didn't like to his brother get to know anything about this. That's the whole reason for this hide and seek game.
"Good luck in advance Dean, and it's a friend's kind of kiss, and thank you very much for this little honey bun, just drive home safely okay? good night Dean" Then he was gone.
Finally, Dean separated from his gang and walked toward the washroom. he really didn't hope to meet Alfie, face to face in there but that's what exactly happened. Dean's whole mind screamed to beat the shit out of the kid. And It seems like only them in the washroom. Alfie didn't notice Dean as he was washing his hands. Then he walked towards the door but Dean came in front of him and they bumped into each other. Obviously, Dean did it on purpose, and Alfie throwback a few steps back.
"Mr. Winchester, first of all, you can't call me sweetheart, and second No, I don't like when you flirting. So if you excuse me now I have to go, have a pleasant evening" With that Castiel put a step towards the main door.
"So actually I wanna thank you, for the, um you know saving my Mom" Dean started and Castiel looked at him like is he serious or trying to do some prank.
They made loads of food and especially Dean make sure to prepare few vegan foods for Castiel. And they made vegan Cheese Lasagna, Roast potatoes with paprika, vegan mushroom gravy, Cauliflower Gratin, Buttery Mashed Potatoes, Cranberry-Orange Roast Ducklings, Peppery Roast Beef, cheesy garlic bread, and Glazed Tofu Roast. For Dessert of course Dean made his famous Apple Pie and there was a huge vanilla ice cream in the fridge. There were loads of food and they enjoyed their dinner together as a family.
Cas quickly understood that Dean isn't home today for sure. And surprisingly, that didn't make Cas feel better instead it made Cas kinda unhappy. He felt like he expected Dean's presence today. But wait, what kind of bullshit was that? Why would Cas expect Dean? That's a big joke, isn't it? Yeah, but somehow, the truth was Cas was so disappointed right now.
"But Dean, I just asked about his food from nurses, how did you know he is allowed to have outside food besides hospital foods?" Castiel asked in a surprised voice.
"Maybe they are afraid to touch you. Because everyone is thinking you and me are the greatest enemies" Dean said not meeting Cas's eyes.
"Stop that you bastards" Suddenly the bullying team herd a deep, gravelly voice and they all look around to see who had that much of power to challenge them.
He goes there and sees Dean glance out of the window. Cas sigh and wraps his hand around Dean’s stomach and hug him from behind pressing his warm cheek over Dean's cold back.
"That's him, Sam," She said pointing towards the boy who was walking slowly and grabbing items, few meters ahead of them.
"God Mr. Winchester, you are extremely flirty and vivacious. And of course, It's nice to meet you too Mr. Winchester" Dean chuckled at that happily.
Castiel looked over his shoulder and saw an old woman answered his question who was in the small of people gathering around them.
"Okay Cassie, then I will give you some time alone and I will come back to see you, but you sure you will be okay?" Gabriel asks and Castiel confirms that he is fine as Gabriel leaves him alone promising him to come back later.
"Well, I don't know. Just asking, you know. Because it's Valentine's Day and you are pathetically single. Oh, by the way, I was just curious about what happened to Mr.Winchester? I mean the other one, not our boss. I didn't see him around for days now? What happened? Did he finally understand that you are not worth it? And how pathetic you are?" Lisa's unexpected bitter words shocked him. Castiel knew Lisa was always jealous of him for whatever reason, as he gave her a calm look.
For the whole time, Cas can feel Dean's eyes on him. But why? What does he want from me? Is he planning something on me again? Cas's mind never stopped asking so, causing he didn't give more attention to the movie.
"Uriel please leave me, I can't deal with you right now, please let me go," Castiel said directly looking at Uriel's face.
Castiel was in deep thought. He got few vegetables, fruits, milk, cereal, bread, some fruit juice, sausages, and bacon. Also a few stuffs he was remembered to buy, then he paid the bill and came back home.
"Sweetheart, I was just kidding" Dean understood that question might be making Cas uncomfortable with his silence as he said so quickly to make him calm. And it's worked as Cas felt a kind of relief.
"Sorry dude had to have it, you kn.. Oh! " The green-eyed stranger said but suddenly stopped like he lost his words in the tongue, soon as Castiel's angry eyes set on his.
Everyone helped themselves eagerly. Especially Sam and Mary got generous pieces of pie before Dean finish it. Mary didn't forget to cut another piece and put it on Castiel's plate and hand over the ice cream for him.
"Dean, do you want to go to your room and maybe wash your face and change into your pajamas, meanwhile your food getting ready?" Castiel asked from the kitchen surprising Dean as he never expected something like that.
"Ohh, you are a real Angel you know, thank you Very much Cas," Dean said taking the coffee cup from Cas, but made sure to brush his 4 fingers brush over Castiel's fingers.
He nodded again and acted like he is giving his attention to the lecture and the lesson. His mind was a mess. Fuck Castiel in the hospital. Is he okay, why is he not came to school. if he was already taken to the hospital he must have come back to school by now. It's been three fucking days. If something isn't wrong Castiel never skips the school. Shit shit shit is his life in danger? He never thought that the fucking assholes will beat him like that. But wait why'd I worry about him. After all the things happen between us. I hate him. He is my number one enemy. I don't like the nerd so what?. I have more problems to think about than him. Dean kept saying himself and tried to calm himself, but deep down in his mind, he wished Castiel will be okay soon.
"Ahem, I mean, okay, right, um. I didn't know. Um, Castiel. It's very good and thank you,.. I guess" Dean collected some words as Castiel's still teary cheeks got a bit pinky. He nodded at Dean.
"God Mr. Winchester would you please stop, at least not in the hospital," He said through his laugh.
"C'mon Gabe, it's Obvious. You know I did all those battles and wars with other three kingdoms, but not Demon kingdom" Castiel says as it is just a normal fact.
"What? Why'd I? No. Oh, did you thought I'm gonna? Oh shit No Cas no, I just came in peace okay? No bulling no pranking, no more hurting. Jeez, why'd I even hit you Cas?" Dean babbled and Cas huffed at him sarcastically.
"Yeah whatever, mmm you know I don't have any plan for today evening, so you wanna make out inside your big old car?" Her red color painted long nails moved to his lips over his jaw.
Dean's angry eyes finally stopped on Castiel and Dean also froze when he saw him. His eyes wide and there was an unbelievable gesture on his face. Castiel didn't know he was crying until he felt a wetness on his cheeks with embracement, confusion,
"Okay Cas, I will be outside, you put your clothes outside the bathroom, okay? Then I will get them" Sam said closing his room door. Sam obviously took Cas to his room because that's what you do when your best friend came home. Right? But he forgot something important and when he remembered that Cas almost removed his shirt.
Castiel was going to say something but the door opened and a doctor came out. he stopped when he saw Dean and Castiel.
"Hey, Sam" Suddenly Dean changed his happy mood to a serious mood. And Sam raised his eyebrows at him.
"Oh c'mon man, that's not fair, it's Christmas after all, everyone deserved to be forgiven on this occasion" Dean protest pouting, and before Castiel answer that sam came in.
"And I promise you, I will let you take me anywhere you want to," Cas says as he knows how kinky Dean can be. Dean's pouty lips change a bit as he glances at Cas with raises eyebrows.
"Oh yes that's what I talking about" Dean murmured smirking at Castiel and Castiel smiled at him this time, with no glares.
"So, we can see what happens to you now, that fucking bully team has hurt you again. I don't know why those fuckers do that, I'm ashamed of my cousin sometimes" Jo said with a disgusting expression.
"Jesus Christ Dean! You know this is crazy. you can't just hold a cute little adorable puppy on your chest and walking like it's nothing, middle of the guest area of my freaking office.
He can remember the thick and long fingers of the Demon alpha. Those one finger will definitely split his pussy in their first time. Cas can't even imagine how good it will feel when Demon alpha inserts two of his fingers into his pussy and fuck him so good and... Wait a minute. What the fuck, Cas curses himself for even thinking something like that. How dare he think that kind of forbidden thing. He even can't think about that demon but here he is thinking so intimate sexual things with him. How disgusting.
Castiel working on a shitty company that happens to have a new management takeover for a while now. However, because of the covid 19 situations, he is currently working from home. but unfortunately, Cas has to go to the office sometimes because his company is struggling with the new management's shitty decisions.
“Babe… what are you doing?” Cas’s voice is nervures, half part of him badly wants to have sex with his lover, wants Dean to make him to love. but the other part is still terrifying about last time.
Castiel stayed staring at Dean for seconds, chewing on his bottom lip, His eyes were blank. No emotions in there. Just blank but still beautiful and shining like a sky.
"Oh c'mon Michael, is that all you got? C'mon don't be a pussy, I challenged you another round" Dran smirked.
"Dean, you are different than I thought before. And you are an amazing friend, an amazing man, but there is a huge trust issue inside me, but also I really need to believe you. So for the first time, I want to accept your gift, but at the same time I want to ask you to give me some time, I'm not really ready for that right now, but if you give me some more time I really appreciate" He said very clearly. No hesitation, no shaking but very calm and clear. Dean let out a breath he didn't know he was holding.
"Oh no Sam, it's not your fault, you know that. And me too. I really enjoyed it too, Thank you for inviting me" Cas said with a shy smile as Sam smiled back.
Without wasting any second Castiel stood up and gathered his stuff in the next second. Dean lifted an eyebrow and studies him.
With that question, he got pale within seconds. And he didn't answered for that as only staring at Mary wondering how to answer that. He didn't want to lie to Mary anymore, but same time he didn't want to tell his life story to this lovely and kind lady here and make her disappointed.
"I don't know why Cas. But I.. Okay fuck it. Cas, I just wanted to give this to you and say I'm truly, extremely sorry for what I did" Said Dean and unceremoniously shoved a little parcel into Castiel's lap. Castiel gasped and looked at it with a scowl.
"Um Sam, but why Mary didn't call me by herself? Is she alright?" Cas asked with sudden fear as he stopped on his foot. Sam quickly sense the fear in his voice as he answered Cas with a reassuring voice.
Castiel couldn't believe his eyes. There was a red path starting from the office main door to the car park making from petals of red roses, and middle of some point Dean Winchester was standing with a guitar in his hand. He was smiling his prince charming smile and its kinda blinding Castiel for a moment. That smile is powerful as it is. Castiel gasped as his mouth fell down with surprise. His eyes had already gone wide and couldn't believe what's going on.
Cas never expects it or he doesn't see it coming as he was trying to catch his breath again. So Cas cries out with that punch and he falls on the floor. Dean grabs Cas's hand roughly and pulls him hard again.
"Yes, we are. we are dating, and now you can humiliate me everywhere, isn't that what you want Winchester?" Cas asked, finally yanking out his hand from Dean's grip. his voice came out disappointingly, but not angrily. He was really tired of this acting of Dean.
The gang entered the class as Dean quickly looked at the corner, where Castiel normally sit. but he wasn’t there. Dean noticed that since after the day they hit the kid that he did not come to school. Dean also absents one day but he sure that Castiel didn't come three days straight. He wanted to ask the gang what happened to Castiel but was afraid. but now it's getting a bit not normal as Castiel normally doesn't get that many holidays. So he wanted to know. He leaned the next seat as Uriel looked at him
"Thank you" He murmured softly. Dean didn't say anything or didn't moan anymore while he ended the whole left pie piece. He didn't eat any other dessert but pie.
"Um nothing, nothing, just let's go" Dean shook his head and dragged her to his car. Before Dean opens the car door Lisa was on him. Started to kiss him hungrily. But wait what? Dean didn't kiss her back. One minute passed, two minutes passed. No, still Dean didn't kiss her. He just wanted to push her and chase someone else but who? And why?
Dean just wanted to be alone. He got a quick shower before other players come. He checked his phone when he walked into his car after his shower. But there was no any massages or miss call from Mom or Sam. But only a few messages from Charlie asking when he will come over.
On that day Dean waited for Sam in his office. And Dean explained everything to Sam and he was barely speaking over his laugh.
"Nooo, Okay? I said I don't want to prove anything you assholes, Azazel that's it, c'mon give me your fucking phone, and stop your bullshit, this is too much, don't go too far which you can't hold my punches"
That soft and blushing look on Castiel's face made Dean wanted to kiss every inch of that face. And kiss those perfect soft lips and taste them as much as he wanted since the first day he saw Castiel. Dean can bet those are delicious so damn well.
And this ass Alastair, he is a real asshole who would never ever leave this behind. But when they met their friends Dean never talked about what happened earlier neither Alastair, but Dean can see there is something on his damn skull when he saw that devilish smirk on his face. Dean determined to stay calm not giving a bit of clue that he is shattered for a moment with embarrassment.
Dean pulls out after seconds and presses another peck on Cas’s lips. Then he slowly settles between Cas’s legs and leans down, he grabs his ass cheeks and Spreads them to see the little hole.
"Jeez, relax red. I didn't even think of that, just wondering if Adam is going to coming out right now" Dean shooted back as Adam rolled his eyes.
"Hey, what the hell? What are you still doing here Dean, I thought you already gone, you told me that you gonna go over to your girlfriend's home, that was the plan, you leave and I and Cas have a sleepover, now why don't you leave us alone" Sam was still pissed but he managed to say it bit calmly. Dean glanced at him with wide eyes.
"Oh speaking of which, stop the Car" Castiel was so angry now. He knew what Dean going to do tomorrow. But he is not gonna shut his mouth tomorrow. He is done with Dean's all shits. This is his life and he has to protect himself. So he burst out.
Dean's and Castiel's eyes went wide and Castiel's jaw dropped for the second time in this morning. Dean just staring at him like he saw a ghost.
He answered with a trustworthy smile. But he knew he is not because he felt he is gonna fainting but he tried his best to ignore that because that's the last thing he wants to happen now. If he say that he is feeling not well he also has to admit in the hospital and his brother will come here and get to know all the things happen. Nah he didn't want that.
Castiel chose his books for the first class when he felt someone closed his eyes from behind with two hands. he felt panic for seconds but then he signed.
"Don't thank me, Dean, I took too long for it, and thank you for not giving up on me, and not stopped your flirting" Castiel said blushing.
"Oh is that so? Then I think maybe he will agree, I mean hell yeah, let me text him" Sam grabbed his phone and started to text with a huge grin on his face.
"Woah, what a surprise Dean, you just knocked on the door instead of breaking in," Sam said sarcastically as Dean rolled his eyes.
"Woah Woah where you think you going Fag?" Raphael asked coming face to face with Castiel, covering the way when Castiel got up and tried to go away quickly.
"Good Morning Dean, what are you doing here?" Even seeing Dean here made Castiel's heartwarming and beat fast, he asked so. Because it's his responsibility too to ask about Dean's side. Because he knew how busy Dean was.
"Obviously because you have a terrible and cruel plan inside your cunning brain, and tell me how many people came with you?, and what's your plan? To do a sudden and unexpected attack?" Cas asks.
"Yeah, just as usual you are covering his underworld work, isn't it baby?" Jo frowned at her girlfriend.
Before the practice starts today, Dean was in a grumpy mood. but as soon as the practice starts, his mood changed into this super active mood and he started to play like crazy, and as the captain of the team, Michael couldn't hesitate or lose to Dean as he signed others to follow his lead as they all played shoulder to shoulder. But they never knew Dean was in kinda self-punishment mood. So when it's coming to the end time of the practice everyone sighed with relief but Dean got another idea as he challenged Michael to another round, it turned to one another round, and another and more. So now they have played full two hours of extra practice and all boys were so pissed off.
"What? What did you say?" Castiel asked softly, he couldn't believe what he heard a few seconds ago. His voice was thick.
Woah, now Dean saying that he doesn't have a girlfriend? Why? Is that true? Cas was asking himself when Sam's pissed voice came on.
"Oh god Cassie what happened, look at your bottom lip, it must be hurting, What happened man?" He asked with real concern.
"Deannnn... Please....." Castiel's voice comes very lowly as he feeling he can't breathe anymore. Dean is screaming at his face and there is no sign as Dean can understand what's going on.
"Huh that's good, coz you know? Can you see those new little plants? They all are that seeds you have gifted me that day" Cas said showing the flower beds to Dean proudly. Dean's face lit by a beautiful surprised smile.
For the whole time, Cas kept looking away from Dean's eyes. He didn't want to look at those gorgeous green eyes when they directly looking at his eyes.
Today morning Dean is having his morning wood when Alpha starts to grind on his sweet and beautiful Omega's round and plump ass, who's sleeping in his arms, cuddling to his chest like a kitten. Dean is spooning him from his back and his omega is smelling so good as Cas's mouthwatering scent makes Dean's Alpha extremely horny. It doesn't matter where are they or what are they doing, Dean always craves for his omega in any circumstance.
Castiel glanced at him with awe on his face. Dean also looked at him and shyly he looked away and rubbed his back of the neck.
"But Dean, why'd he doing that, I mean he just saved my life, not did anything wrong, why is he hiding,but.." Mary hesitated a bit before continue.
Castiel squirmed on his chair uncomfortably as its looks like his teacher is going to close out every escape he got in this case. Dean was side-eyeing him as he knew Castiel definitely gonna offer that.
Seconds pass and then minutes. But nothing happens. There is no sign of Dean evenly. Cas wants to cry again. Where is his Dean?
Castiel opens his mouth a few times like he was going to say something but, quickly make his lips into a thin line and frown at his hands on his lap.
"What? No Sam even doesn't know that I got your number. You know I have my own ways Cas" Dean said but there is that sound like he is struggling for each breath. But what the hell?
"What is that Mom" Dean was now can't wait to hear that he wanted to make sure everything is okay with his Mom.
“Yeah? Is that feel good, Angel? Fuck, look at you, so sexy like this, moans like a needy slut on my fingers, and you sound so hot when you moan like that” Dean groans.
Oh, I was kept asking him out, so is that what he meant? Dean thought before looking at Castiel who is now staring at him with heart eyes. Wait, heart eyes? Damn, yes those are heart eyes. And then Dean's all thoughts shuttered within a second.
"Okay okay and now what?" Cas asked in a confused voice. He has already removed his gravy-soaked shirt and now he was hugging it into his nude chest in a little bit shy.
"No I'm not, and when are you gonna stop calling me Sweetheart, baby, and other names you calling me Dean?"
He said when it comes to his vows time, for his entire life the only thing he ever asked for Christmas was Castiel and he was very blessed because he got the love of his life and then he marring him today.
Oh, that's kind of make sense Mom, but what we going to do now" He asked without even knowing what's her Mom was thinking right now.
"Mr.Winchester? Mr. Winchester, You here with us?" Zachariah asked glaring at Dean almost a sarcastic way.
"What? I just asked did you guys.." Gabriel started pretending he has no clue why Castiel scolding him. But Castiel interrupted him.
Castiel felt his mouth gone dry. Is Dean know about one of his dark life stories? Castiel got really scared. What if Dean ruins his life by spreading it all around the college tomorrow? he can tell my story around other bullies and they would make my life a living hell. Oh god please help. Castiel wanted to cry. But he gathered himself and answered Dean. Because Winchester was acting weird too. He is talking like he knows all other things about me.
Cas's voice came out hoarse and rough. Kinda gruff but low and honeyed. It sounds very nice, but still, it sounds like he just had sex or something like that. Dean didn't know why but he felt like so.
Unfortunately, if he lost or withdrawn the bet he has to paint his precious impala in rainbow colors and he will never play the match and of course, we will make sure your name will rewrite as a Gay boy in books"
Dean runs his cock head up and down over the pussy as cock head naturally inserts a bit spreading the pussy lips. But the next second he pushes it without warning and his whole cock head slips through the pussy lips inside the slit. Cas gasps and grabs the silk bed sheet for dear life. Dean moans and closes his eyes.
"Mom I know you are angry with me now, but you know the hands which made this kind of golden pie, deserved to be kissed" Dean giggled like a kid and Castiel gasped. He knew Dean never gonna kiss his hands but he practically went pale with that thought.
"Please don't get me wrong here, I don't know you gonna think that it's too much that I came here, but Cas I swear I wanted to see you before I go, I mean, normally I have to wait to see you two days in weekends. But I can't wait 4 days without talking to you, without seeing you" Dean said almost like a whisper.
Dean just wanted to show Cas that they are civil. But when Alfie come and all over Cas, it was kinda too hard to control himself from killing that bastard right there. But why? It's their private life. Dean just has to seduce Cas to have sex with him only once. That's all that he got to do. But why Dean can't see clearly when Alfie trying to claim Cas as his. Dean was so fucked up but he is still don't want to think about it deeply as he started to flirt with the girl stands next to him.
"Castiel son, please have some more, you didn't eat much," Mary said when Castiel was folding his food on his plate, and Castiel smile at her.
"Hey pals, what's up? It's a pretty good match, isn't it?" He grinned again as Azazel shoved off Dean's arm off him.
He felt another hungry growl inside his stomach as lazily climbed out the bed. He checked the fridge and brings out some bacon and eggs. Fried them and made a hot coffee. He didn't want to make some lunch as he thought morning food is easy to make even now it’s almost afternoon. When he opened his mouth to eat there was a little pain in his jawbone reminding the yesterday scene. He signed and ate slowly and quietly. He didn't know why everyone hated him. He was always tried to be nice and kind to other people, try to help and he didn't know why people left him. And why god always treated him like this. In college, he only got a few kids as friends. Besides Gabriel, he only has very few people who even talk with him. Maybe it's really my fault, that's why people hate me. I'm not so social, don't like to use alcohol, not a party person, and I like to do my all studies first and I like books maybe that's why they call me a nerd, and I'm gay that's must be another reason for them to hate me. But I'm not hurt anyone in my life, why god why you always giving me sad and hurt. Most of his days ending up him cried to sleep, full of mind and body hurts. But he never complained about it, never asked anything from God, but he questioned, every day every night as, Why God, Why?
"I'm not an idiot. You can't fool me with your stupid true mate story, so stop it already or I will kill you right here" Cas's angry voice go deep inside Dean's ears.
"Oh guys I can eat a whole devil by my self can we eat now" They heard Dean said before he walked towards the kitchen.
"So boy I asked a question where is the fire?" Alastair burst out to Kevin's face and Kevin was still shivering. And he barely answered to them before he got into more trouble.
"Then, I told him not to touch me and let me go, but he didn't listen and I pushed him hard, then he fell on the floor and he got very angry, and, and Mary He hit me, and I was too young for to fight back him but I tried to avoid his attack and I ran away from him. I ran as much as I can and finally, I got caught by one of the kind janitor work there. he was very kind to me all the time, so I told him everything before that matron coming for me. The janitor knew about that man so he helped me to get out of the orphanage gate and he gave me some coins and told me to call Gabriel as soon as possible."
Wow, his eyes.. Damn so blue, like the sky, fuck he is beautiful. Dean didn't blink for a second and stared at Castiel. And Castiel was also distracted by this strange stranger and his beautiful green eyes and fluff kissable lips.
"Yeah after that, his dad made sure to withdraw him from the school after seeing Dean kissing me again, because I was got hurt and Dean wanted to make sure I'm okay, but his Dad got angry without even a reason" Castiel said without thinking more because he believed Azazel's every word.
“Yes love but I swear it's just happened. I woke up with a boner and I was gonna go to the bathroom. Because babe I can’t nah? I gave you a word, I have to wait” Dean lift his face to look at his boyfriend’s face.
"Well, you think you can walk now without spinning around you?" Castiel asked when Dean tried to stand up alone.
"Cas, hurry she is having breathing trouble. It's allergic. We have to take to her to the hospital" Dean was already going to his car when Castiel run after him after briefly said something to the security guard to inform Sam.
"Actually Mrs.Pamela, we kinda, you know, not actual Friends. So I'm pretty sure he will never gonna help me if I asked him directly and you know he is the smartest kid in the class and he already helping few kids with tutorials. So this is the only way" Dean said without any hesitation because he was ready for this question.
"What the fuck you said you fucker? I didn't kiss any fucker and how dare you to say such a stupid thing about me? Do you have a death wish Azazel?" He yelled at him without able to control his anger.
"Well Dean, they are telling the truth, just let the poor boys go, we will explain to you about what happened" Dean turned his head toward where Alastair's calm voice coming as he saw Alastair, Azazel, Michael, Uriel, and Raphael were standing behind him.
Dean had plans for the day. He was only waiting to complete his little investigation of Castiel. After that, he chose this special day to put his next step as their sixth month anniversary. Of course, which was cheesy as hell.
"He is not my boyfriend Gabe, he is my friend, like a really good friend, a best friend kind of friend" Castiel babbled and Dean didn't felt upset instead he felt proud when Castiel mentioned him as a best friend. And Dean decided to help Castiel a little bit here.
"Sam I'm sorry for rushing out like that, my brother had hospitalized and he is not doing okay and.."
"I don't know if you remember, we were little pups then. Actually, you were 8 years old and I'm 10, as I remember. You got this storybook then. It was your favorite one. And every night you wanted to listen to it before you sleep. And you loved it so much, do you remember?" Gabriel stops to check whether Castiel remembers it.
Dean was still in his boxers as he forgot to pick up his pants when he comes out of the room. But it doesn't matter, no one gonna come here right now except Cas. But Dean doesn't worry about it. He is not gay after all.
Castiel tried to open his eyes as he felt he is shaking. He can't even move, the coldness is too much as he wanted two blankets, yes he had lots of clean blankets in his closet. He just have to go and get in from the closet. He finally opened his eyes, what? Where am I? Why is everywhere is so dark? I can't see anything. I'm so cold. He can felt tears are already running down. He slowly stood up and tried to pull his shirt more tightly around him. What? He quickly glanced down at him. Oh no. He is not wearing anything but his brief. He felt his fingers are numb, he wanted to shout for help, but his throat is not doing that its freeze. He saw a very null weak light coming from his door. Oh, that's it. He is outside of his house. If he can walk there he can go inside, Castiel tried to walk toward the door, which side that weak and shaking light were. But he can't do that because the ice level is too high as it's now on his shoulder level, but how it happened?. He tried to shout again. But his voice is not coming out, the coldness is can't even imagine. He felt like he was already frozen as he can't move anymore. Suddenly he felt like he can't breathe anymore. No no what's happening he started to struggling and shout but he failed to do so. He can't breathe a bit now. Oh my god, my breath is hitching. God, please help. Then he felt his both legs not working anymore, the next second his both hands stopped sensing anymore and go completely numb. He can see they are frozen. Then he tried to yell again. Then his head frozen and he only can see his eyes got wide in his iced head. Then his heart stopped.
"Cassie, actually I don't know much about true mates. As I already told you I don't remember much about it. But I'm pretty sure it's not a joke. I think that word has a more powerful meaning than a joke. And for the second question, about demons, I think they are the most dangerous kingdom of all of us. But to be honest they never start wars, because of land problems or treasure like other kingdoms. But strangely they start battles only someone killed their innocent people, and because of all other living soul matters. It's kinda special, because they are very honest kingdom" Gabriel says and shocking Castiel for a moment as he remember Dean's words from yesterday.
No, he is not a coward. He has a gut. Whatever happens, he is strong than this. He should go there. Mary will understand when he explains what happened.
"Shut up, demon, first of all, I'm not your omega, and I'm not gonna trust one word you said" Cas couldn't even able to finish his word as it happens like a flash. So rapid and Cas can't understand what happened.
"Oh. My. God Castiel, you are not gonna believe this, guess what my boyfriend just gifted me for valentine's?" Becky's voice came in a high pitch and her face was like going to be a blast at any moment with that excitement.
"Who is it, besides at this time? It's almost night, tell them I will see them tomorrow morning" Cas says again.
"Man this is just, wow amazing taste, Clarence thank you man, thank you very much for this tea it's marvelous," Sam said and kept drinking his tea.
"One day something happened and our Father wasn't home anymore, no one didn't found him or heard from him since that day and I and my brother was left behind home. I was a kid and my brother was 17 at that time. We both had to go to an orphanage. And it was a terrible life for me. Gabriel was arguing and fighting with the authority that he was almost 18 and let him and me go. But they never let us go and one day Gabriel came to talk with me about a very important thing. That's another day I didn't like in my life. Gabriel knew I was suffering there, he just wanted to get out of the orphanage. So that night he told me that he was going to breaking out of the orphanage and he will find a job soon then he comes back for me. I cried and told him not to leave me. He was the only family left for me. But he promised to come back soon after he finds a job and a place to live for both of us. Then I had to agree with him. Then he left me that night. I cried a lot and I fell asleep because I didn't have friends there to talk to or to share my pain.
Azazel came close to him and grabbed Cas and hoists him to his feet by his collar, then without a second pass his fist lands on Castiel's right cheek and he's stumbled to the ground with a high cry.
Dean was driving the impala to their colleges and Sam was texting with someone. Dean didn't give any attention to Sam or didn't talk with him. He just drives the same way he was, since yesterday afternoon. Suddenly Sam chuckled and Dean tore his eyes from the road with an annoying face.
"You deserved more Cas, you know that right? You are so precious to me and all I want is to see your smile" Dean's voice came from deep down, the bottom of his heart as Cas smiled with him lovingly.
Dean didn't know how to explain that to this stubborn one here. The only thing he knew was he never leave this room without a real forgiveness.
Castiel never being happy that much and he kissed Dean in front of everyone and thanked him for being a most wonderful, very caring, and helpful boyfriend ever.
“What? Me? Cas, I? No babe, how could I do something like that? Believe me, babe. I didn’t hurt you, oh my god” Dean wraps both hands around his head and he starts to think, trying to remember.
"Deaaaannnn please No" Cas barely says when Dean's long, thick fingertip brushes the outside of his slit. Cas lifts his head to see Dean when he feels that said finger pushes inside of his pussy. so slightly dipping his finger inside him making Cas's head falls back onto the mattress as he starts to moan again.
Dean chuckled while closing his eyes as he promised. He slowly moved away from Cas and turned his head away. Then walked towards the door.
" Nope no chance, I'm pretty sure, and I'm guarantee that he is a dedicated virgin" Azazel compromised.
"Actually it's not a PARCEL parcel, I just say it with the habit" He chuckled and Castiel end his signing and look up then next moment his eyes went wide.
"Oh my god I'm so sorry, I completely forget to introduce you" Next moment Castiel turned to Dean and Sam apologizing.
"But Dean I didn't do anything. The only thing I did was turning down your every proposal. So I really can't get that credits Dean" Castiel said in a sad voice.
Dean was always very happy to hang out with his real friends like this. They are always very kind, funny and always there for him. After his family, this was his second family. So hanging out with them make him calm down always.
Obviously, Dean has hugged his friends and his family. But those are never felt like this. This is different and was felt so good. Cas's body is so soft and it's fit very well in Dean's arms. It's like a perfect match. Dean felt like he didn't want to let Cas go ever again. But then he remembered the reality. They are even not friends. And if Cas wasn't unconscious right now he will never let Dean touch him like this. Never. And even Dean already made a bet of him. So yes he is so fucking screwed up. He closed his eyes tight trying to push his thoughts away as much as he can.
God, what's happening to me. Dean cleared his throat before giving a nervous smile at Cas, who was looking at Dean with a suspicious look.
"Gabe! Nothing happened. And if Anna has already told you everything, there is nothing more to tell you, and maybe Anna forgot to mention that I have threatened him to stay away from our kingdom" Cas says proudly.
There was Lisa, chatting with her elegant friends, all shining and glistening. Dean smirked and started walking towards them. And he waited until there were few steps between him and Cas.
"What? didn't know that you are gay just like your twin sister" Dean couldn't stop his sarcastic comment as Charlie punched him in his shoulder.
"Alpha... Mmm," Castiel moans and bares his neck more for his Alpha and showing his submission to him.
"Don't be a bitch Dean, if you met him you also will like him, he is actually a nice person" Sam fired back.
"Yeah, you always are" With that Castiel tried to gather his books quickly, to leave here but before that, a warm and strong hand grabbed his wrist. Castiel glanced over his hand even he knew who's hand it was. Yeah, it's Dean's.
But when it's getting closer to Cas's off time, his mind only popped Cas's beautiful, innocent and blushing face. the way Cas looked at him when he says goodbye to him. Like he is waiting for Dean to kiss him right that moment. His lips were shining and practically begging to kiss them. But Dean didn't do that, not wanting to screw everything because of his hurry. But right now Dean really needed to see his Cas, but unfortunately, he has to wait until Wednesday for that. That's why he can't control his mind. But wait, he still can text him, right?. After the first time he called Cas, he didn't use it as an opportunity to push Cas by texting or calling him. Dean never wanted to be a stalker. So he just pretends as he didn't have Cas's number after that day. Even Cas didn't call him or text him. Of course, they didn't have to, because every day Dean came to see Cas to his office. But today is different. So Dean waited another few minutes justifying his messages are not gonna bother Cas at all. Then finally he grabbed his phone and typed a message.
"It's okay Castiel, you don't need to tell everything, just tell me what only you are comfortable with. Okay ?" Mary asked in a soothing tone. And Castiel seems to gather himself as he nodded at her.
Cas’s mouth drops down and he can’t understand what’s happening and what’s Dean talking about. Even he never knew any man named Benny.
"What the hell was help in that and what's the warning? Are you shitting with me you fucker? I think you should know whom with you are messed with?" He pushed him more to the wall and yelled again.
“Ok then come to bed babe. Let’s have some fun, I’m gonna make it up to you, I’m gonna blow you like hell, then you can do anything as your desire. come,
"And I know you are panicked because you are very naked right now. But don't worry. I'm not going to put a finger on you without your permission. And I'm going to protect you at any cost. I promise you, my Omega prince. So if you understand that, I can let you go, but you have to promise me that you will not yell at guards? Will you sweetheart?" Dean asks so softly even Cas can't believe can any demon talk like this softly.
Cas didn't notice Dean who was followed him few steps behind him. He just walking through the corridor which leads to the library, because he wanted to hand over a book before the class starts. And normally there are always very less students around the library most of the time. Cas's earphones were plugged in his ears as he walking unknowingly what's going around him.
Sam asked getting out of his phone from his pocket, giving a confused look at both Mary and Dean. Dean quickly looked away like he is not aware that what's going on. Because he didn't want Sam to say shitty things in front of their Mom.
Castiel gulped, okay it's too much to get right now, he always being awkward when it's coming to the compliments.
"Mom, you going out? No no, you are still not a completely fine mom, you can't go out" Dean jumped out of the bed and rush to the downstairs to face Mary who was putting her both hands on her waist and glaring at Dean. And Sam was beside her waving his head like he is disappointed.
"Yes, true mates, I mean personally it's like a joke to me, I don't believe it, it's just a fairy tale. It's kinda some juicy secret detail for teenager pups, right?" Castiel questions as he wants Gabriel to agree with him eventually. But Castiel regrets asking about it because normally Gabriel would tease him at least for months, remembering about this question.
Castiel can't believe what just happened. Lisa is always like this, hurts people's emotions, and tried to poke in others' wounds. But Castiel never argue with her, he was just not that kind of man, so he just let that go but deep down, he couldn't forget her words.
"Okay boys, listen Clarence is coming at 5 pm here. and please behave okay? Sam had already met him and the kid is a bit shy. So please don't say unnecessary things and don't ask lots of questions especially about his family. I don't know what's going on with him but seems like he wants to keep something to himself" Mary warned because she didn't want to scare the boy.
"Holy shit, I'm in my worst enemy's bathroom and getting a shower from the same shower he uses" He mumbled and his body did a full-body shiver.
"Aww sweetie, thank you but I'm full already. I just came back from the greatest date ever" She said beaming like a college girl.
wanna make you freaking out but Cas I had never felt about someone like this, never before. I swear, so please give me a chance and say yes, I'm asking for only one date, if you feel like you don't want to do it, you can go, no hard feelings, no force. nothing. I will take care of you my best Cas, please say yes one time" Dean said without even bothering to breathe.
Dean chuckled without even knowing. He felt funny and kinda happy when he was with Castiel on this car ride. He felt kinda easy and homie feeling.
"Mmm yeah, but who said that I forget about you Liz" Dean said and pushed Lisa to the nearest wall as Lisa quickly wrapped her hand around Dean's back, and pulled him into her tightly.
"Okay, okay fine. In the college, I got it again okay? It's turned out a big one. And I have somehow passed out. Then my friend Kevin has found me and he took me to the college nurse. But I got better soon after that and I just came home without waiting for an evening class. Because I thought I should get some rest, that's it, but I don't know how you caught that with my voice Gabe" Castiel said huffing a laugh a bit, for wanting to make Gabriel bit calm down.
"Sam, you remember the Clarence who saved me," She asked without getting her eyes from the side she was looking at.
"U'muther fucker, not'gonna listen to me right?" Dean gave him a devil glare and before he says anything else the team started to laugh at him.
When the rain starts Castiel was on the bus, he quickly checked for his umbrella and cursed himself when he found he has forgotten it home.
What should I bring with me?.... Castiel thought and though and kept thinking until he figured out one thing. One of his favorite thing in his loneliness filled life. Which always succeed to makes him very happy.
Dean felt a relief. Maybe he can talk with Charlie tonight. He just wanted a sense of peace. That's all.
Castiel takes some time before gathering himself to ask that one question that bothers him the most.
Castiel's day sucked from the start. First Alfie started to flirt with him, it was awkward. then Dean's crazy and strange acting, like he care a bit then again switched to hating mood. Then Alfie got pissed at Dean then stormed to Coach Singer's office and complain about Dean without even don't care when Castiel begging to stop. Castiel didn't know what it would be but he was ready to face the consequences too because of Alfie's stupid anger. Castiel sometimes wished if he can invisible to Dean. Because he was fed up with his troubles. Dean made sure to make his life a living hell even without a fair reason. Castiel hissed with painful memories. He was walking home after college suddenly he felt a huge loneliness. he was exhausted from the day after all. Even now when he went home he will get a shower then probably not making any lunch and will study more. Then will have something for dinner then fell asleep. That's it nothing special or no one there to talk to. Sometimes he wants to scream loud and cry when his heart is filled with all the pain and loneliness he felt.
They had finished the dessert listening to Sam's college stories when Castiel decided it's his sign to go home.
"Man, this egg salad is awesome, Cas, you know you are a blessed cook, I must say that" Sam babbled while eating. Cas's face lit up with that along with a shy smile as he thanked Sam quietly. But surprisingly Dean was very quiet but Cas can feel his eyes on him the whole time. Dean took another bite. And he can't help but closed his eyes with the taste he felt. Cas suddenly glanced at Dean just right the moment to caught it but he tore his eyes away. Finally, Dean had it enough. The food is amazing and he can't hold it without praising the cook.
There was a hesitation before the answer from the other end. And his voice came very deep and kind of shaking.
So Sam started to make all arrangements again of course the food arrangements. Sam wanted to make sure everything is perfect and super awesome for his boyfriend and also his little brother. When Sam was in the second round of his vegan shopping that evening, Dean had found the vegan eggnog from the first round of Sam's vegan shopping and that's how that started.
"Wait a minute is that she?" Dean asked walking around the reception table checking the floor and suddenly he cursed.
"Because my boyfriend is coming with amazing features, a hot English professor and a sexy Ballet dancer" Dean smirked wiggling his eyebrows.
However, They never found the Alpha, even how hard they searched for him. And Cas make sure that guards will not spread what happened in there and kept it as a secret.
The next morning which was the day before Christmas was very cozy, fun, and awesome. They decorated all the houses together. And they put their presents under the Christmas tree, they drank Eggnogs, hot chocolate, and even Dean baked Christmas cookies. And when Castiel be a volunteer to help, Dean accepted it very happily. And even he made an Angel shaped cookie for Castiel. And they iced those cookies with icing and Dean didn't forget to color the angel cookie eyes in blue icing. All the time Castiel didn't say anything just looking at him with a genuine smile like he is carefully measuring him. But Not judging.
"Kevin, run" Next second Castiel shout and Kevin understand what he means. Kevin started to run toward the hallways to get to class without even looking back. That makes enough to make the team pissed off and Castiel saw now the way those assholes eyes going fire.
So how's that? Please, please tell me what you think about this?☺☺ And your big kudos are so important so don't forget to give some kudos for me, my friends😍😍😍😍😍
Oh my god, what happened to my Dean, please God help us, help him. Cas keeps cries and prays for god. He can't call for any help. He can't tell this to their family or friends. Because he knows Dean would embarrass so much if he does that. But right now he has no other choice. But what if Dean tries to hurt anyone who comes for help. Cas stuck again and Dean still banging and hitting the door, with loud thud sounds and screams making Cas's body go cold with dread and he feels like he might throw up anytime soon.
"Castiel, I told you, you can tell anything, ANYTHING to me and I never ever misunderstand you or never let you go, son, I promise to god I'm not gonna leave you. I promise" Mary said wiping her tears. Castiel gave her a very sad smile through his tears.
" Yeah, you kept saying you hate the boy, but you barely hit him these days, what's the Matter Dean? Are you really having to feel for him" Azazel asked again?
"You are no cool Cas" Dean yells back. Then he remembers that he has to take care of his hard member now as he sighs. Then he takes his two fingers into his nose which was buried in Cas's hole a few minutes ago. and he inhales that mouth-watering scent of his Omega's slick. Then without letting that slick go wasted, he takes it into his mouth and hums, loving the sweet taste of his omega.
"Oh god, I'm sorry I should get up, I forgot about it, and no I'm not naked, I'm in a towel" Cas babbled in a shocking voice still closing his eyes. That moment Dean understood that their position and his heart started to skip its beat.
"Like he is not a bully. I think the truth is the reverse side" Said Benny still trying to calm him down with his laugh.
That's how he started to ruin his mission. And now he was leaning into Cas's delicious-looking neck and he really wanted to lick it. He loved the way Cas was looking at him right now. All caught up and frightened as hell like a soft, little bunny. And Dean should answer Cas's question.
"Don't care, but I promise you I will protect you with my life, until my last breath" Dean says removing his own top, and placing his strong and muscled arms, both sides of Cas's waist hovering over him. Then leaning in to kiss Cas's cheeks. Cas moans and wraps his arms around Dean.
"Sammy, what the hell man? You sure you are not into boys? Coz I think you are. When you gonna stop talking about this boy. I mean you said the exact same thing about him for the hundredth time now. Stop it dude" Dean yelled and Sam rolled his eyes.
"Oh Mr. Winchester how nice of you, I'm doing great. actually Mr.Winchester I wanted to inform you something. Because I believe and if I'm not mistaken that you came to see our Castiel, just like every other day, right?" Donna asked very politely, but Dean found there is a kind of unhappiness in her voice.
Castiel finally closed his notebook and shoved it into his backpack when he felt something in his hand. He slowly put it out.
"Shutup man, how you even talk about this like that, about THIS?" Dean cut of him and his voice was filled with awe.
Meg took his hand "Hey stupid boy, we know you okay, you don't need to say that you didn't do anything to them, coz we know who you are, you are the kindest kid I ever know" Meg said with a smile on her face.
However Dean didn't know, someone was listed to them for the whole time. Yes, Cas came to go to his last class when he saw Dean and his friends standing there. And Cas quickly jumped back before Dean noticing him. So then he can go to his class by the other side, but before he moved he heard what Dean asked from Charlie, and then he listens to the whole scene and was shocked by that.
"What the hell you doing Winchester," Castiel asked. Castiel felt anger bubbling inside of him. His lips got hurt because of this man. Now he has come here and investigating it, maybe for another dirty jokes and insults are on the way. Yeah, that's what they doing always.
"How about on your home office table?" Dean smirks knowing that he finally checkmate Cas with that kink. Because Cas never let Dean do sex in his home office room before. Cas rolls his eyes as Dean finally caged him and he can't resist that anymore.
Castiel slowly drove after they got inside the car securely and after make sure Dean is laying on the back seat. They didn't talk much as Castiel sure Dean fell into sleep again. But still, he can hear the way Dean struggling to breathe and it's horrible.
"He was asking about the new office in Russia" She whispered turning her head to cover her mouth and then grind to the other members like an idiot.
"No problem Dean, that's what friends are for" Castiel smirked making Dean get out of his imagination.
"Of course Donna said to you, isn't she?" Castiel asked crossing his arms over his chest. And Dean ducked his head hiding his laugh.
tasting his lover's body like getting on with drugs. He runs his tongue all over Cas's tits then sucks those nipples like he is drinking milk from them. He bits them, drags with his teeth, fonds them, and licks those nipples until Cas moans loudly.
“Babe, what are you doing here? You scared me you know?" Cas kissed his lover's back of the shoulder.
"You know Dean, but lots of people don't think like that and they are hate ballerinos" Castiel started.
"Cas look I was angry that time okay? Not with you, but with my brother, he made me go out to bring those vegan eggnogs when it's so cold and snowing so badly, and it's, it's like, you know kind of my fault too actually. But anyway I was angry and it's my fault too, I shouldn't have done that, I'm sorry" Dean said trying to catch Castiel's glance.
"Aww Cas, look at you, my favorite thing is seeing you getting blush like that. And it's so satisfying to know that the cause of your blushing is me" Dean said like a whisper and walking a few steps into Cas.
Cas also feels the same but didn't says much because he is too busy with, held himself from moving and take the whole cock.
"Oh no, you are not, you got this creamy tan color which makes you prettiest boy in the college" Alfie said suddenly and Castiel's face lit by that. But he pretended to its not made him happy but his lips curled into a nice smile.
"Actually Clearance I want to apologize for braking in to your house like this" Mary started as soon as they sitting on the couch.
Anyhow Dean seems like he never let go of Castiel away. So Castiel has hope now. Dean will wait for him. Yes, he will definitely wait if they really meant to be together.
The next morning, hopefully, doctors said that he can go home after he got few scans as they seem like no issues.
"By the way, Dean, did you heard anything about Clearance?" Mary remembered Castiel and wanted to know if Dean found anything about him.
"Oh no, not only him, they choose me too, remember the last time, he got to face them because of me" Kevin replied.
"I think this is too much for a prank Mr. Winchester. And I don't know what you get by pranking me like this"
"What the fuck man, how I'm supposed to work with that nerd, this is bullshit," He said but quickly stood up to go to Castiel's place without any delay. Suddenly Charlie stopped him by grabbing his hand.
"It should be Clarence," Mary said smiling at Sam who standup quickly from the couch beaming and coming behind Mary towards the door.
"I'm feeling much better now Cas,  I mean the breathing is not hard anymore" Castiel nodded happily.
"Dean? Dean Winchester? Oh god, you... You here? Do you remember me?" Castiel was beamed. Dean was totally stunned as the surprise bounces around inside his skull. But mainly he was staring at Castiel's Ocean blues and pinky and now more pinky and kissable lips. He nervously licks his lips.
"Gabriel, what are you think you doing in here, you know this area of the library is forbidden" Michael glares at his brother when he catches him in the closed and sealed area of the library.
"Oh shit, that looks very bad, Sam do you think it's happened with a poison blade?" Benny asks with a shaking voice.
"I Can't believe you said something like that Dean, I really don't understand how you have been this much rude for this sweet boy here. Look at him you dummy, he is so innocent, how are you being so rude like that?" Mary burst out and Dean's face got sad.
Castiel quickly checked his kitchen cupboards for flour and other stuff for a pie. Thank to god he had everything, and of course, he got some apples from the last shopping trip so everything is covered. He felt happy as he sighed in relief.
"Oh I get it, I get it, you think I'm poisoning you right?" Dean said chuckling again and the next moment he got a sip from the mug. And drank it soundly.
"Tell me about that Winchester. I can't even imagine what you were planning to do, to get your revenge on me, because that's what you definitely going to do" Castiel prompted.
"Hey, Cas, it's okay, let me help you. This is what we going to do. Okay? I'm going to flip us. Then I'm going to get up first and don't worry I will close my eyes when I get up. And you can wrap your towel. Okay?" Dean asked kindly staring at Cas as Cas looked at Dean's eyes for the first time. Because Cas can't believe Dean be kind to him like this. After the morning incidents in the college, Cas was expecting some punches and insults from Dean. But instead, Dean was being so kind to him. This must be a dream.
Mary was glaring at him, her one hand on her waist and other hand on the counter. Okay, typical pissed Mom mood activated. And also Sam's bitch faced toward Dean.
Castiel was staring at Dean's unbelievably handsome face when Dean suddenly opened his eyes. Castiel smiled with him very shyly. Their faces were few inches away and Dean was staring at Castiel's lips. His face is no more pale as that hot tan color was coming to his face slowly.
"Huh, yeah... another answerless question. Okay, whatever" Castiel can't help, but huff in a sarcastic way. His voice was cold. And Dean didn't say anything and there is another silence between them. But there is a very tight wheezing or inhaling sound came through the line but Castiel can't understand what is it.
“Fuck you, Dean. now you ask me who did this to me huh? Dean why you doing this? you terrifying me. what is this drama, why are you acting like this? I’m so afraid Dean, so much afraid.” Cas starts to cry again and Dean feels like his head is going to blast because he can’t understand what’s going on here.
Castiel is a very neat kid, he never put his works behind his back. As soon as came back home he put all the grocery bags on the counter and started to unpack them. arranging all the stuff in the right places. After all are settled he thought he will get some quick shower before cocking something to eat as he felt he was starving.
"Hey there, partner" Dean leaned in Castiel's side and murmured. Castiel closed his eyes taking a deep breath even without looking at Dean's side. Castiel hates him so much right now. panic surged through him moment by moment.
So this get-together is very important and Castiel has to make sure everything is perfect. so that's why Castiel tried to think about that instead of missing Dean for the whole day. But he failed to do so because even with how big that responsibility is on him, he refused to stop missing Dean for one second. Making his frustration worst, suddenly there is a knock on the door but before even he said to come in, the door burst open and very excited Becky stormed inside.
"Look I'm sorry, it's my fault I didn't see you coming okay? I'm truly really so sorry" Finally Castiel said and started to getting up slowly.
"Wow bro really? You seriously turn down that kind of man? Dude just brush your brain out of that rust a bit and open your eyes wide and look what you doing, man don't be stupid to lose that kind of love, Cassie you deserved to be loved"
"You know, my boyfriend took me to this 5-star hotel and it's like a dream. He ordered all of the food from the menu" She added very proudly not giving Castiel any chance to say a word.
Dean chuckles and releases Cas's hand. Within seconds Cas moves away from Dean like he gets some dangerous disease. Cas pickups his dagger back, aiming at the giant and gorgeous alpha in front of him.
That's it. No more ideas. No more things to say. No more things to do. I'm done... Dean was telling himself But then he heard his Mom calling for him and Sam.
"Okay... What do you want to say? Say it quickly because I have to go. And first of all leave my hand Winchester" Castiel groaned trying to pull his hand from Dean's tight grip again, but failed. Dean was staring at Castiel for the whole time, but never let go of his hand. Dean's gaze trailed onto Castiel's plump pink lips before he licked his lips unconsciously.
Cas whinged with the pleasure and eyed at his husband with most seductive eyes which drove Dean wild. Cas knew it turns Dean more sexier.
"No Dean, nurse said he seems like not well after the blood donate, but before they do any more checkup he has escaped without even informing, and she said he was kinda impatient to get to know that I'm doing okay" Mary chuckled.
//who you think you are? Do you know who am I? I don't want to wait anymore, you have already wasted enough time//
But also Castiel got a bit angry about this flirty king. How dare he talking like this and why the hell his body decided to got blush for every and each word coming out from the Dean's mouth.
"What? are you telling me that I'm an asshole? how dare Novak? Insulting me when you are sitting on my own car" Dean said. But not in real anger, just he was going on his natural habitat.
"Mmm, everything is delicious, and Cas please join with me, there are plenty of foods enough for both of us"
Sam stormed over them and before Dean say something he grabbed Cas's hand and pulled him away from Dean.
Oh, shit is Castiel hugging me? Dean got few seconds to prosses and the next second he wrapped his hands properly around Castiel and pulled him into his chest protectively. Dean felt Castiel's body shook with every sob.
"Kiss better? I will show you how I can make you feel better more than that, I will fuck you better" Dean growls again, and next second Dean tears Cas's precious lace pantie into half when Cas yelp with the surprise.
"Yeah don't worry let's go to Dean's. I also used it in the morning, c'mon hurry up otherwise you know, Mom will get pissed" Sam said chuckling but Cas quickly understood that is the last thing he wanted to do.
That's not what they planned as all three Winchester's eyes went wide. Cas sounded like he is about to get a panic attack.
"Yes of course he did, we are best friends. We don't keep secrets" Sam said smiling happily but Dean's face goes dark with that. Cas knew it's not a good sign and he really thought Dean will punch him in the face next second. But nothing happened. Dean just nodded at them slowly before walking to the sink quietly.
"Hey, hey it's not true, she's just kidding Cas, hey, don't get it serious, okay? You okay there?" Sam's voice came with a little bit of fear.
"Yo little bro, you wounded my heart, never mentioned that you gonna extend your family, how dare you not invited me to choose my little nephew here" Gabriel complained picking little puppy and cuddling it to his chest.
"Go inside Castiel, and change all wet clothes and come down, bring your clothes and we can dry them for you okay? And if you want anything else just call me. I and Sam will be down waiting for you" Mary smiled at him then both she and Sam walked downstairs leaving Castiel inside her elder son's room.
Cas also remember that he was still in the tub and it's already got cold as he joined Dean and chuckled.
"Oh you know Castiel is a very lovely name, but Cas is Cute, just like you" Dean grinned at him as Castiel rolled his eyes.
Suddenly Dean's scent started to change. And Cas catches it from the beginning, but he didn't show any change. It's really started to getting stronger as now it indicates a very sad, losing hope, and very sick Alpha. But why? This demon alpha must be trained very well to act so natural and realistically.
Slowly Mary woke up and opened her eyes, soon as she saw Dean, her face lighten up a little even though her pale face said all the pain she was going through.
Then Castiel drove off the car park and Dean fist-pumped to air. Oh my god, Winchester, it's a good step. I'm glad that Cas finally found I'm not some rich brat. He will eventually understand my love too. Yes, I will wait for him coz I love him so much. Dean thought and drove off his beloved baby to his home.
"Mmm okay, that sounds like a plan. But I wonder one day would enough for both our stories?" Cas laughed.
He came behind Cas when Cas was choosing DVDs, bending over to the down cupboard. Cas's perfect ass was in the air. His strong-looking nice legs showing off perfectly. His shaped waist and dark bed head reminded him of all those wet dreams with blue eyes, which made him woke up with a huge boner sometimes. Shit, why was he so beautiful every time Dean looking at him. Dean can't help as his legs took him very near to Cas, surprisingly Cas didn't understand that someone is behind him. Dean slowly leaned in and saw Cas was holding the Harry Potter DVD collection.
"Dean, you always do this, and these flowers are so beautiful, thank you, Dean. I love them so much" Castiel murmurs smelling flowers with closed eyes.
Sam's boyfriend who will be soon his fiancé as Dean's guessing, was going to come to join them for Christmas. But last-minute the plan changed a bit as Sam get to know Gabriel's younger brother was going to celebrate Christmas in his apartment alone. So Gabriel wanted to be with him even how much he wanted to come over Sam's. And Castiel firmly didn't agree with that and quickly called Sam, promising that Gabriel definitely going to celebrate Christmas with Sam and he will definitely send Gabriel to his house no matter what happened. Because Sam and Castiel both knew how stubborn Gabriel can be sometimes.
"mmm, I Know babe. I Love you too, so so much, to you and our babe, mmmm and this one too" Cas said with a lovely Smile on his face pointing his belly.
"Well, not like that, but I mean you can ask him to come over to spend the night here, you know like a sleepover which friends doing," Dean said trying his best to act cool.
Castiel slowly opened his eyes. He felt like his head is pounding as he tried to close and open his eyes a few times. He ran his eyes around to check where he was. Obviously it's not home and he is laid on a bed right now. His eyes still not clear and couldn't see anything yet as he had a blur vision. He just closed and open his eyes a few more times.
Dean said thinking and adding taking his time. When he stopped talking and glancing at Castiel, he caught Castiel staring at him. Then Castiel quickly looked away from him and Dean grinned.
Gabe was carefully looking at both of them. And suddenly leaned over to the gift box to check what is inside it, which made Castiel like this emotional. as soon as he saw it his eyes went wide.
Eventually, Castiel understood Dean's fear in his eyes and he assured him, soft and loving smile before put his hand on Dean's shoulder softly like he is calming down Dean.
"Mmm it's not good, it's amazing and perfect Dean" Cas blushes before looking away from Dean biting his bottom lips.
Dean was in a war with himself to not storming there and tearing that bastard, whose name is Alfred or something like that Dean can never remind, out of Cas, but why? For what? Why is Dean acting so weirdly? It's not his business to poke into Cas's personal life. He just has to focus on his bet, that's all.
But he tried to forget about him and concentrate on Mary and Sam. Castiel knew who Dean was. He didn't even want to think about what will happen to him when they going to college tomorrow. Because unfortunately lots of things happened today, Dean to get revenge tomorrow. So he didn't want to think about it now.
"You wanna go back to that horrible, dark pet shop again little puppy? No? Yes I know I know puppy. what to do, your happened to be papa is going to reject you" Dean blinked twice dramatically.
Dean was an angry mess, he ignored the football team and hang out with Charlie Benny and Jo's classes, even he was not in those classes. When the college end he said goodbye to his friends and walked towards the parking lot when he sees Castiel. Castiel was also walking out in the College building. He didn't see Dean. He was walked a bit uncomfortably. Dean saw his face clearly when he turned around to go to the main gate and Dean's heart shattered with the guilty. Castiel's lips, his beautiful pinky lips were cracked and Dean can see that from here. He cursed himself and got into the Impala and Drew it fast away from the college.
Within second Dean grabbed Castiel's Arm and pulled him and Castiel manhandled without any resistance because he was already so weak.
"Um, No Cas it's for you, it's too small to share, you eat it," Dean said when he can't believe what's happening around him right now. Dean always love to be around Castiel, to talk with him, and anything regarding Castiel was heaven to Dean, and now Castiel is offering a bite from a cupcake which he was eaten and it was too much for him to believe as a real. That much he was crazy about Castiel. but Castiel didn't know that and his face darkened a bit.
"No, it's not what I mean Dean. God, I'm so selfish. see, I don't want you to come to see me every day when you busy with your work here, but I just missed you, but you don't have to do that, I swear, and especially no more gifts please" Castiel said quickly.
"God Cas, are you always this grumpy when it's coming to the food time?" Dean chuckled putting the sandwich again on Cas's lap.
"Ahem, dude actually I have one question about this golden tea, Where did you buy it? " Sam asked finally putting his second empty cup on the table.
"Oh my god, oh my god, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to do this, I didn't mean to do any of these" Cas burst out and he seems to like getting started to panic all over again.
"So, I guess I have to clean around a bit right now," Dean said making Castiel chuckle before getting his phone to call his crew. then after few minutes Dean's supporting crew rushed into there and started to clean the rose petal path. Dean and Cas also helped them before walking towards the parking lot.
But Dean was like embarrassing when his asshole friend come to them, maybe he has something in his mind that time, Dean will explain it to me later. Castiel thought while slowly walking to the college building.
So he waited until he got a perfect time. Finally, Sam stood up with his finished plate and padded to the kitchen. And Dean turned to Cas.
"Cas I don't want to hurt you, please stop struggling. And promise me, then I will leave you" Dean tried again.
They talked few more minutes before Castiel remembered Sam, and Dean should go back because he knows how busy they are and how much works they have to do the next morning. Then Sam politely said goodbye to them before promising Gabriel that he will visit him soon again.
"Oh c'mon boys, I'm not a kid, I can't stay in the house all the time, besides it has been more than two weeks and I'm completely fine now" And I'm only going to the grocery" She answered back putting her hands up like complaining.
"Um, you know I'm sorry about your lost, actually I didn't know about your mother," Dean said suddenly and Castiel turned his head to see whether Dean actually speaking right now, or he just imagines sounds. But no, it was actually Dean speaking. Oh my god, that means Dean also had listened to him earlier with Sam.
"Aaw that means he is not a secret anymore, you know him, right? dude this is not fair, you should have told me before. now tell me what's going on Cassie, hurry up before I die with the curiosity" Gabe grabbed his chest dramatically.
"Guys, as you all know, Castiel is not a very strong character, so if he wants a partner, of course, a "Boyfriend", Because he is gay, that guy should be strong enough to protect him, and then look at that guy, he's a guy look like who would throw out by even a strong wind," Dean said sarcastically laughing at his own joke, but nobody joined him.
Castiel's Toes were curling, and broken sobs ripping out his throat, he felt again his orgasm and he was so close.
"Actually Sam first, it was a rough time, but with the time I just adjusted. I mean the place is okay but I'm still trying to find a another place close to the workplace, coz it's really difficult in the morning,"
So that was after two months he joined the company. That day also he went early to the office as usual. and normally he used to brings two coffees for himself and his friend/boss Sam. It's like a habit and Sam was very thankful for that when every day he coming to the office in a rush.
