Sherlock drops to Mycroft's side when he collapses. His pant leg is soaking red.
Jaime led Sherlock around the back of the house, to his parents' room. Norris, Gavin, Price, the Wallace cousins, and Eric, the other Holmes cousin, were crowded in the small room, talking animatedly regarding the areas searched and where else to go. They were so involved, talking over one another so loudly, that Tavis had to whistle to get their attention.
"Mr. Holmes, I apologize for my son, he's, he's extremely bright and he can pick things apart which can be disconcerting. Is there arrangements we can make for someone to stay with you, or call in some other family members on your behalf--"
"John, John. We're going to be late," Sherlock squeaked as John smacked his mouth with deep kisses. John giggled.
John pushed, lowering his hands and spreading Sherlock's arsecheeks wide. He nearly came just from watching his cock disappear into his body, his thighs glistening from sweat. John leaned back, his cock swallowed into tight grasping heat, his release building.
Inspired by this artwork: http://jurgbury.tumblr.com/post/116435449177/snowunderthestars-jurgbury
"This is what my cousins told me about. The benefit of kilts being easy to access the...." He blushed, unable to finish the sentence.
John opened his legs, trapping Sherlock's thighs between. Sherlock moaned, adjusting himself so he better fit in the crease of John's inner thigh with John's prick tucked beside it. They rutted against one another.
"I'm cold!" Sherlock snapped, opening his eyes. His vision was swimming with duplicates of his cousins. He pointed at Gavin, "This is your fault!" Gavin's face blanched, "Sherlock, the horse just spooked. It was no one's fault."
"Sherlock, do you think I'm upset because you brought Hamish to St. Bart's?"
The ding of another message coming in.
In looking up and around him, into the gray fog, he sees a CCTV camera pointed right at him. It then spins left, right, then up. Mycroft has seen. All of it, in his plain sight.
"Yes. But we have to agree on it, together?"
"Ssshh. John, Mary is not here. You'll have a male nurse. Just you and I are here. Just you and I."
Sherlock felt John's hands wrap around his upper back and engulf him in a hug. Into his shoulder, he heard John say, "Thank you," with a sniffle. When John pulled away, he reached for a tissue, "I worry about Hamish constantly. That he's lonely. I don't want him to feel alone like that."
"I never thought I would either, daddy." At this, Hamish is crying. Large tears spilling down his face.
It was a rubbish self-diagnosis that he'd read in a book. Sherlock was simply smart and didn't understand people because he never had friends. He was intimidating and he used intimidation and his intellect like armor to keep others at bay. He would cry at home, wonder why he had no friends; why he was always alone.
He couldn't talk yet, so the nurse handed him a notepad. She explained, "Your husband was hysterical. We had to ban him from the wing. He's not left, he's been pacing around the first floor. We have two security guards on him at all times. I am going to let him come up, but he cannot fling himself on you or carry on as I'm afraid he might, or I'll escort him out again. With a tranquilizer if I have to. Do you understand?"
"There is nothing to forgive dear one," Sherlock reaches down and kisses John with heat, passion, tongues, and teeth, "I've loved you, I will love you, I forgive you."
John rises up to kiss Sherlock, and Sherlock gently pushes him down into the mattress. John bites his lip as Sherlock kisses and nips across his chest, his belly, his hip bones. He moves slowly; kissing, nipping, tasting. He looks up at John from under his long eyelashes before nuzzling into the crease between his groin and hip.
Before Sherlock could react, John had come from the other direction in the alley and tackled the man to the ground, knocking him out cold. When he came up, he was grinning.
The first thought that ran through John Watson's mind was
There are other letters for you to read, for when you miss me. Or you are angry. Or if you never want to talk to me again. Or when you want to punch me.
Sherlock moved his arms and gripped John's forearms tightly, "I was panicked it wouldn't be alright. That he'd be hurt."
"I didn't. I didn't text you, but I'm glad, it's okay," Sherlock said, keeping his voice neutral.
On the way home, John, still pumped full of adrenaline, gave chase himself through the backstreets until they got to Sherlock's flat. They barged in the door, trying but not succeeding in being quiet. John pressed Sherlock into the wall, kissing him deeply, his tongue pushing into his mouth. He pulled back too quickly, and Sherlock nearly fell forward trying to follow his mouth.
He's helped fuel the rumors of a daytime work tryst without any of the benefits.
Sherlock steps forward into her line of sight, "Leave them alone, Mary. What do you want with me?"
Now, John used his arm to steady himself, the fingers working somewhat to help him dress, he'd had to learn to crack eggs with just his right hand, brushing his teeth was achieved by mashing the tube with his left fist and twirling the toothbrush with his right hand. Everything took longer, but his reward was Sherlock by his side, the reminder the ring on his finger.
John wrapped his arms around Hamish and Sherlock as best he could, "Group hug!" and he took turns kissing Hamish and Sherlock on the crowns of their heads.
"You won't shut me out-" Again, rapid fire. No time for niceties.
He smiles, turning the card over to the flap, where Sherlock would have presumably licked the envelope seal. He places a kiss on the flap before continuing to open it.
"Are you still angry at me, Sherlock? Do you not want me to come along on this case?" John sat down on the couch, turning his body so he could just view Sherlock's profile.
When the single bulb on the spindle of a lamp was set up, casting a yellow glow, he wandered through every bit of the theatre. He walked the fly loft, the house, the lobby, backstage, turning off lights as he went. As he walked to the large garage door that exited off the workshop, he could just peek through the curtains to see the lamp. He turned off the last light, shutting the garage door, locking the metal padlock.
"Sherlock is family. I'll do whatever it takes to keep him out of the sights of Mary. Magnussen." Robert pauses to look out the window again, "Taking care of these problems will be my privilege. My file, Mycroft. It's half empty. There are skills I have that you and Sherlock don't have. I will take the responsibility. Trust me. Assassins took out my biological family and Magnussen has haunted my adoptive one. Hinting at child trafficking; purchasing babies for adoption. Now, he's threatening those I love."
Mummy Holmes has put Billy to work. She decides, if he's part of her protection, she will keep him near and busy. She is quite used to dealing with young boys with too much energy for their own good. He's scrubbed the windows, helped put up the last of the very tall Christmas decorations, and even reorganized the baking pantry. She sends him to the back of the house when Mycroft arrives so they can have some privacy.
Mycroft, listening to the domestic sounds of Robert digging into the cabinet for ground coffee, sits on the top step of the staircase.
John's dad gave a hearty laugh that sounded like John's, just a bit more gravely, "Goodness, we failed then. Two very common names for our kids. Harriet and John."
They go their separate ways once their parents arrive on December 26th.
Robert interjects, "She's responded sir,"
"Sorry, I'm so sorry." He grabs Sherlock's hand, watching Robert work intently on Mycroft's leg, while whispering words of comfort.
John had felt guilt at times, cleaning, repairing the house, but Sherlock was here. At least in between cases. From the first days of dating Sherlock he knew he was committed. He couldn't tell if the commitment was more of Hamish's devotion to Sherlock or his. It must have been an equal blend of both. Falling in love with Mr. Detective was not euphoric, or dizzying, but the completion of a puzzle, or of rest after hours and years of difficult labor, or finding the perfect home to match everything they didn't know they needed.
--------
John gave a slight smile back, tilting his head, "Sorry, I keep interrupting you, Sherlock, go ahead."
Mycroft slides in beside Sherlock after John has disappeared from view. He pats his hand and as he moves it away Sherlock grabs his arm, wrapping himself as close to his big brother as he can.
John leaps off the floor, nearly tackling him to the floor, pulls him into the bathroom and growls into his ear, "You need to warm up in a bath."
"No, virgin, I am trying, so help me god, to get you laid so you're not such an ass. As part of my company manager duties. You're talented, but you're a dick. John is sweet, patient, and he's flirted with a couple other guys. So go help him."
As Roger walked away, indicating for Sherlock to sit in the waiting room, he gestured to the person at the front desk, "Get this boy a folder on our internships, would you?"
When John woke fully, Sherlock was sitting at the end of the bed, watching him. He held out a glass and John took it, raising it in a salute, his hair mussed and cowlicked.
how to apologise. It didn't mean he didn't know what it meant. He just didn't care to. He supposed John would've spoken by now, but he understood the gravity of the previous night's events.
“No, Harriet.”
Sherlock nearly smiles at the deduction, and pride wells within him at the knowledge that the things he’s taught John, the things John has
For a gyroscope to spin again after it stops, you must rewind the string and pull.
Georgiy hands them each a grappa glass and sits on John’s other side as he pours them each a portion of a clear liquid.
“Ben.”
"Please, John," Sherlock snorted, knotting the dark bandana around his throat. "Give me some credit. It's barely even time for supper." He stood then, a wild look in his eye as he smiled. "Now let's go, the game is on!"
He takes Sherlock’s hand and rests it on his chest, running it lightly over the unmarred, warm surface.  “He didn’t touch me.” He repeats softly.
John looked at him.
"You know the rules."
And all I lov'd — I lov'd alone —
He turned, not realising that John hadn't come to the same conclusions he had, that John was so far away from the same conclusions that he was in an entirely different galaxy. John had heard Sherlock say Moriarty would kill him when he felt like it, and now Sherlock was in a hurry to get out the door. In John's eyes, as far as Sherlock's knowledge extended (he wasn't yet telepathic, but he was looking into it), it looked like Sherlock was jumping ship and leaving John to flounder.
He treads carefully on the shining floor, bleached like sand, as he glancing into the darkness of each anteroom as he passes, heading towards the light at the end of the hall.
“Yes, clearly.” I snap, and I don’t miss the quick grin on his face, smothered as if it was unbidden but I saw it all the same.
“No.” John shakes his head, turning his gaze to Sherlock. “I think he’ll come after
(See the end of the chapter for
"Apologies. I didn't want to wake you. Glad's been antsy, like something's about to happen. I wanted to stay with him a bit longer, see if I could calm him down."
Three days before, and less than a hundred miles away, two figures quietly enter the cold, dark night, wrapped in fog, and head towards a dilapidated, decaying barn. Lights flicker from inside. A shadow looms before the windows, staining the damp grass.
"Oh, wonderful, now she speaks English." Sherlock said acerbically.
If the devil existed, it must have created hope.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Sherlock's voice came quietly, an inquiring whisper proving he'd been awake and listening.
“This hurt, this feeling like you could have done more that aches in your bones, it will never leave you.” Not-John murmurs, his fingers gently touching Sherlock’s face. “Because, deep down, you know you could have saved me, Sherlock Holmes.”
"John Watson, if you die on me—"
“Brother?” John’s face belies his disbelief. “You never said you had another brother.”
“Why?”
Artemisia’s tickets had proven rather useful, as her gifts typically did—a cordial invitation to the birthday celebrations of one Ludovico Cadorin, commissioned architect of the Podesta of Venice himself. Festivities to begin after the dinner hour on the deck of the pleasure barge
can explain yourself to Lestrade."
. Sometimes he’ll let me kiss him, let me lick into his mouth and taste his secrets and his sadness and salt, and I’ll hold him close as he cries after a nightmare or as he’s making breakfast or as I slide into him just
"Hanne," Sherlock held up his hands, taking on that face that he assumed regular humans made when they didn't want a fight. "Vennligst forstår—"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rushed around him, trying to hoist him up from under his arms. John screamed and Sherlock set him down. His hands were bloody.
passed as a silhouette; the bundle of hay draped with a blanket that they’d leaned against the saw horse counted even less so, but John had been relying on Moran’s blind desire for vengeance. He knew he wasn’t the kind of man who would wait if he was certain the odds of his victory where in his favour; when it was so close, and when he’d come so far, he wouldn’t hesitate.
He felt bare and alone, under attack by a song he’d once adored. It was something to consider, how so short a time has warped his view of the song, like a record left out in the sun to melt and bend, like paper left in the pockets of clothing and sent to the wash only to come back blank, with what was one dark with words and meaning rendered faded and barely readable. Was it the song he hated now, or who he associated with it?
, about you. Hell, if I hadn't met Mikheia in the Kremlin I'd have no sodding clue who he is! You're shutting me out, Sherlock, and I—I really,
what feelings do you have?
The bitterness on his tongue stings.
“Hey. You look wonderful.”
?" John ruffled his hair in agitation. "Anyways, when I left the investor's house after he didn't show, I saw the shadow. I—" He smiled briefly. "I didn't tell Mary this, but I thought it was you at first. I followed, but I lost it. God, that just sounds insane, doesn't it? Trying to run after my own shadow…"
“Come on. I live close by. We need to talk somewhere private.”
They say nothing in the wake of rushing water. The bowl fills to the rim and Sherlock lets it overflow for a moment before reaching out slowly to turn it off, as if the pillar of water sucks his concentration down the drain with it. It seems for a moment as if he can barely muster up the energy to turn the tap off.
Let me know if you would like this story to continue - I'm currently planning a one or two-part chapter on all of the notes I've taken while writing this, mainly the epilogue; it will cover the historic events that are mentioned or take place during the story.
"When my brother and I were growing up, he and I would fight and be as clever as we could to each other. We would pick each other apart for fun. My mother came to me one day, crying, wishing we would get along. We have a signal we whisper to each other, 'remember mother' is what we tell each other when we're being too mean or harsh. Your daddy can help you with a phrase."
loved him.
Sherlock groaned, and Mrs. Hudson responded by throwing the duvet across the room. He yelped, because he was only in pants, but she grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and hauled  him into the bathroom.
Woman's handwriting.
Sherlock felt incredibly small. He recalled stories of his cousins' arranged marriages and their wedding nights and the pain they endured. What they endured even beyond the first night. Of course. He was expected to touch, and be touched, and to not say no. His father was preparing him for this and
"On Christmas Day, I will kill Magnussen, in front of witnesses, then be sent away" (until Moriarty can pull me back) "John doesn't know" (the details) "then everything you asked for will be completed" (my revenge for marrying him) "and you can continue with your life" (for maybe 2 days) "with John."
Sherlock pulled away from the kiss, John whimpered and pitched forward. John was so used to being held and led by Sherlock, he thought nothing of Sherlock pulling him to the couch, standing him in front of it until the back of his calves were supported by it. They kissed more, growing sloppy in their desire and want. John felt Sherlock's erection pressed into his thigh, and Sherlock's nimble fingers worked on John's button and zip. His jeans were around his knees and Sherlock gingerly sat him on the couch, causing him to yelp with the cool feel of the fabric on his bare arse. Sherlock grinned at him wickedly, pulling his pants to his ankles, though not all the way off, getting to his knees and crawling up between John's legs.
Sherlock puttered around the kitchen for a while, making tea. His phone beeped as the kettle boiled.
slick steps. Sawdust --wood unmarked .... Wires. Hinges --- broken. Twist. Publicity. ... Talk to agent regarding.... // physical therapy... Open trap door. Loose lighting -- ... >
After the lighting is dimmed, and Mycroft sits himself on the couch, Anthea goes downstairs to let Mary in.
"Stop. You've had your fun, mocking me, mocking my-" He cut himself off, breathing in sharply. His eyes were a shade of ice green he'd never seen before, "You've had your game now, John, now leave me be."
John wants Sherlock to understand how he acted recklessly.
Sherlock didn't look at John in the rearview mirror, looking out the window instead.
"Do I seem like I need protection?" Robert's hand twitches, reaches up, then puts it down back on his thigh. Mycroft links his own hands together.
"Should I shave for the handfasting?" John asked, scratching at his beard with the curved knuckles of his hand.
John whispers in Sherlock's ear, "I can't wait to be your husband. We are going to take a month long, uninterrupted sex holiday."
"This," John teases, lowering himself so closely to his entrance, just teasing him with the tip, "Is for never paying for taxis."
The sheriff was at the door, demanding to bring in John Watson for questioning in the accidental death of Phillip Anderson. Sherlock asked that Daemon call John's parents, and offered to accompany John to the station. The sheriff did not allow Sherlock to go with him.
"In here, Sherlock," he answered, splashing the water around to clue him in that he was taking a bath.
His beloved seanmháthair, the same who'd made his quilt, taught him all the traditional Scottish dances. When he was still knobby kneed, she walked him through wedding dances and celebration partner dances.
Sherlock, spread out before him, pleading. John applied lubricant and one finger into Sherlock, watching his back arch, a few tears escaping from the corners of his eyes. He removed his finger, "Am I hurting you?"
John turned his fingers around in Sherlock's palm, rubbing his fingers over his wrist, "Where were you this morning?"
Mummy Holmes has taken it upon herself to check each door, each window before bed. She's seen a young man creep around her house near evening, and she's grown suspicious.
He had always been a serious child, left alone with his work that had kept him busy. Sherlock found small talk tedious and difficult. His back ached, fingers swelled and sweat dripped from his brow onto his lap. As he finished the last braid on his section, a very drunk clansman leaned on Sherlock, nearly tipping him over.
John surprises himself. The tears drop down his face, just large drops down his face, breathing in deeply, but as slowly as he can. He married and loved the woman on the stretcher, under the sheet. Was going to have a family with her. That part was over a long time ago, those dreams, but now it's final. She's gone. The plan is completed.
At 3:47am, an ambulance was called for Harry's panic attack, 52 minutes after Phillip Anderson was proclaimed dead due to major internal bleeding that couldn't be stopped.
Mycroft makes a show of stomping out for anyone listening, heart drumming in his ears, face flushed. He faces two women who start whispering to each other after seeing him sneak out of Roberts office.
Harry stood close, her nose nearly touching Sherlock's, "I wasn't putting ideas into his head, or suggesting anything. I was trying to make him feel better. Since when did you become his bodyguard? He can speak for himself. He doesn't need you
John would never remember feeling so heartbroken. Sherlock begins to sob, and could hardly get his words to form.
Robert touches Mycroft's knee to get his attention, "A week from today, I want you to come to my home for the weekend. To finalize everything."
"You didn't mind?"
John felt the push before he saw it. One moment he was looking at his liath-uaine eyes, the next, he was pinned beneath Sherlock, a long forearm grinding down against his throat, a sharp knee threatening his groin.
He wasn't sure what John was, yet. John most certainly had, in the past, more sexual experience that Sherlock, who before now had none. He might consider this a fling, or a week long distraction while he was simply working on the set and making it structurally sound.
Roderick gets up from his seat, and puts his hand on John's shoulder. John is dressed in his military uniform, Sherlock is dressed in a new, smart suit with a deep purple shirt that almost shimmers, and the rest of the guests are in casual winter jumpers. The grooms are absolutely incandescent, and everyone is more relaxed than they can remember being in years.
"Distracting me?" Sherlock is holding the letters tight to his chest. Tears begin to trickle down his face. John can't stop just yet. He needs Sherlock to understand.
. Greg knew it, too. Sherlock wondered if John knew it, if he'd already heard it through everyone else.
"Sweetheart, my prince," John runs his fingers through Sherlock's curls, opens Sherlock's palms so he can link his fingers through Sherlock's. The shreds of letters flutter to the wooden floor.
Jim's eyes shifted back and forth across the video image as they listened to Seb on speaker. He was either the finest actor (which he was) or he was insane with worry. Moriarty wraps his arms around himself, cradling his arms to his torso, leaning into the voice on the phone. His whispers were passionate, desperate, concerned.
Sherlock stood near his father, but smiled back at John. He didn't feel or seem frightening. And if he had horses, that would give him something to pass the time.
When Mycroft ended the call, he turned to Billy, "Is Moriarty telling the truth? Will he double cross us?"
John updates his pencil note under the wallpaper: "15 days until SH & JW can marry."
Sherlock stood next to Eric. Stuart on this head of the table, Victoria on the other. On Sherlock's other side was an empty chair, waiting for their guest of honor. Once everyone was positioned in front of their seats they waited. After a quarter hour the talking quieted as John Watson entered the dining room.
Daemon called a cab, ushering him inside. Sherlock began speaking a mile a minute, "It's not the
"Then tell him that," she said, pushing him out the door, her fingers on the small of his back, "Come with me. I'll help start the conversation."
John traced his jaw with his finger, his lips, "You wanted?"
John picks his head up slightly to watch Sherlock, but his head is spinning again so he lays it back down. He peeks at Sherlock's back, reaching up in a nearly empty cabinet to find a glass. He always had loved watching Sherlock play violin, watching his back sway with the pull of the bow. He has a panicked feeling.
He turned the corner, saw the signs pointing to the Captain's quarters. Before he made it all the way to the door, he saw some red splatter on the white wall.
John heard Hamish's voice clearly, brightly asking even though it was hitched with sobbing, "Is that why you love and want to marry daddy? Because he loves you? All the parts of you?"
"We will consider this in light of all the other theories."
"I'm glad."
John realized he did, as Greg had described,
John felt cold dread settling in his bones. He ached, he loved this man, and he'd had a short taste of what it would be like to be with him romantically. It appeared it was over already. He prayed Sherlock was talking about the case, but he knew that was wishful thinking.
It was worth it, in a morbid way, John thinks, to finally see all those layers removed. Sherlock's eyes watering and lip trembling, "Mycroft, please, tell me you're not hurt."
be absolute shit."
John wakes up in a cold sweat, unsure where he is. He is biting down on his knuckles, regulating his breathing.
"I'm going to help you up, Sherlock. Try not to kill me in the process. This will probably hurt, too, I'm sorry," John wrapped his arms around his waist.
Mycroft huffs, "Are you telling me this isn't true? Now that you're free to reveal yourself, you won't?"
Setting the envelope aside, he sees a bright red and green Christmas card. On it, in Sherlock's sprawled writing, "Merry Christmas, my love. Read this last."
The ghost again, standing outside the car near Mary and Mycroft. He hasn't had a moment alone with Sherlock to ask, a moment where they might not be overheard.
Sherlock had always kept his feelings inside, hidden.
John didn't look up, "Hamish, please…"
Sherlock had always been terrified of a marriage match. He'd been preparing himself to fight or run away. But now that he was matched, he didn't want to do either of those things.
John feared one of Sherlock's epic sulks were coming on.
"They're alive." Sherlock squeaks out, "I just,
"Sherlock, you feel so hot. Do you feel me? Can I, sweetheart? My darling?"
He'll laugh with him about it tomorrow.
Sherlock pushed his forefinger in, groaning at the initial burn, "John, I would imagine this was your finger, pushing into me, touching me," Sherlock then took his other hand and began massaging his nipples, "Your hands, everywhere, I would hear you, in the flat, wishing you wanted me, wishing you wanted to be with me."
"John…John I don't understand why I feel…."
"M'so tired," he yawns, as John ruffles his head and body with all the towels they have. He sits Sherlock on the small couch while he hastily changes the sheets. As he tucks Sherlock in, kissing his forehead, he sees a small note sticking out of the bottom of the door. John grabs it, reading:
Sherlock smiled, tucking himself into John's embrace, "I am all together surprised by the experiments I am distracted by now. Rather than soil samples and animal demise, I only want to catalog every bit of your skin, the color of your eyes, the different shades of pink as I kiss at your neck. I am wholly ignorant of everything you are and I want to learn."
"Nije dobro."
. This can't be it. This is not the end.
"Didn't your parents ever teach you to do that silently?" Lestrade asks and Sherlock shoots him a glare. "Right, I'll leave you to it then."
“The afterimage.”
The fall would hurt, but it wouldn't be fatal.
You can't imagine how I hate this
“Just lie back and think of England.”
The man's teeth were grinding.
"It got me here, didn't it?"
“I will
"You…you can't?"
“Weeks.”
John is trapped in a corner, between the wall and the hands of a man he has no desire to hurt and the need to be safe.
“You ran all the way to the radio room, turned it on, and managed to connect with your brother? Mycroft, all the way out in
“Tell me about him.” He hears himself say.
“You always misunderstand me, darling. It’s not your affections I’m after – it’s your attention.” Moriarty replied coolly, moving another pawn forwards next to the center.
He felt cold iron stoke the coals in his chest.
“Sherlock—” Mycroft begins in warning, because this will go nowhere good if he continues, but his brother continues on, undeterred.
She replies with:
“I didn’t hear it, Sherlock, I was present—”
and he feels himself sucking into nothing and everything, his voice lingering for a moment after he vanishes into thin air. “Always running. Well, if that’s the game you want to play...”
"You did it for the right reasons." John said quietly but Mikheia didn't look at him. "I know that there's nothing to say to make you feel better about it, but you were right in doing what you did. It sounded like he wouldn't have learned, wouldn't have stopped what he was doing. If I had been where you are, I would have done the same."
As their visitors dwindled, Sherlock started lashing out, biting at the smallest irritant, finding fault in the most minute things, and John could tell that he was unhappy, just as he could tell that what Sherlock hissed or yelled at him was not because he hated him, but because he found his own experience at present unbearable. On the rare night they spent together, it was usually because of circumstance, Sherlock passing through the drafty hall on his way somewhere else, deigning to talk to John for a moment or two before continuing onwards. On the even rarer event that they held a conversation for longer than a few minutes, when John would become emboldened in the way a child who calms a wild animal long enough to pet it would, he might reach out, gloveless, to touch Sherlock’s cheek or his hand, only to have the man return the affection in a brief pulse over their bond, then disappear.
"Yes, John, I know."
“Okay, and how the bloody hell did you come to that conclusion?”
Moran laughed from where he lay sprawled on the floor as he wiped the blood on his jaw away with his sleeve.
--//--
"You didn't seem to have much trouble at Bart's—"
John paused; Sherlock knew he and Moriarty had faced off in Moscow, but he wasn’t aware of the details. John himself wasn’t entirely sure of what had happened – he knew whatever Moriarty had done involved his training with the Khylsts, but he’d had to make his escape before his research had been complete, and so he was left with best guesses and suspicions.
"How has Sherlock been?"
She pulls her car off the road a little ways into the thicket, far enough away for anyone passing by to avoid hitting it, maybe even noticing it. She rests her head on the wheel, cool to the touch. Her lungs seem to quiver, each breath wracking her body as she inhales thinly, shakily. No one else is left in the world who knows her like Rachel did. No one but Will.
“That’s my music.”
“Mind telling me a bit about what you do believe in, then?”
He slung his bag over his shoulders, pulled down his nondescript cap and followed, against his better instinct.
He tries to say a lot, then, in the warm softness as he clutches John to him. He feels the overwhelming panic that he must tell John everything, everything, about the blankness and the pink and 237 and how much John means to him and how sorry he is that he's touching mottled bruises on John's shoulders instead of clear skin. He kisses the blooming blues and greens shaped like his fingers and he exhales heavily into the damp skin. John touches the back of his neck and he knows that he's been forgiven.
. He doesn't want to know, doesn't want to acknowledge that Sherlock will not allow himself to live without him. That he wouldn't want to.
“You might want to lie back a little longer.” The voice suggests. “Alprazolam in great quantities can give one a massive headache.”
"Greg," he greets cheerfully, "how's the morning look?"
—” He ground out, huffing against the massive weight gathering in his chest. Whatever it was, he could deal with it later.
Sherlock doesn't flinch. He stares into John's eyes, past the falsity and into the soft truth.
“Sherlock?”
He understood the words far before Sherlock said them in his cold clipped voice that sounded like a sniper's silenced bullet, too quiet for anyone in the hallway to know of the life it just destroyed.
He opens his eyes, and he doesn’t know it yet, but that was one of the most important decisions he’d ever make in his life.
Mikheia drummed his fingers on the table nervously, making up his mind, apparently in their favour.
So, when he does dream, he remembers. Or he likes to think he does. He has a list of them. His Dreams That He Remembers.
“Was I wrong?” John asked quietly.
Molly walks over to the cold countertop where the body of W. Sam Johnson-Hait now rests, stripped of his wealthy vestments and just as naked as anyone that comes onto Molly’s table. “His cause of death was a cerebrovascular haemorrhage brought on by hypertension from the solution of cocaine.”
There was an otherworldly wail as John struck, burying a large carving knife in Billy’s remaining ankle, splitting through the bone and into the ground. He did the same with the other foot, pinning his body to the earth with a sharp paring knife.
Sherlock wouldn’t last much longer, he could tell. The detective put up a tough front, the stoic staring coldly down on the battlefield, that only a handful of people could see through. Sometimes Lestrade wished he was still blind, could still see the detective for what he appeared to be instead of what he was. It was more comforting that way, to believe that Sherlock was infallible, but fate had other plans. Lestrade had been fortuitous enough—though some days it seemed unlucky—to be the officer on call to check on a reported breaking and entering and, upon entering the flat, finding a skinny little wretch of a person—truly a walking shadow, a ghost waiting to die—slumped over the bathtub, half conscious and convulsing. The ghost had responded to his questions before letting himself be carted off to Bart’s to get his stomach pumped. He’d had the oddest name Lestrade had ever heard, and he remembered thinking in that moment, as he watched the ambulance speed off to Bart’s, that he’d love to see the priceless look on the epitaph engraver’s face at having to carve the name Sherlock Holmes.
Mary smiled. It reached her eyes. How odd.
“You’re plenty contentious,” Sherlock snorted. “And what concerns you concerns me; that was the agreement we made when we bonded, was it not? Now: start with the first point.”
He rounds the kitchen and into the den, heading up the thin spiral stairs into their bedroom.
During a longer period of consciousness, when he can talk again, he lays his head against Sherlock's and listens to him, to what he says (yes, I've been here the whole time, idiot. Your eyes look beautiful open, you should try that more.), to how he breathes (slow and steady, like he's calming himself), to how his coat swishes against the fabric of his pants.
he wanted to continue. He was certain.
!" He drew his shirt to the bridge of his nose and tried to squint through the smoke that blossomed around him. There was the smashing of glass and the room began to clear as smoke gushed out into the clear night air. A suicide mission didn't seem to be either Mikheia's forte or the way he truly wanted either of them to go.
"Annihilation to the point where they couldn't recover."
"So leave everything you've stolen that you can't give back
"John!" That sandy blonde head wove through the crowd ahead of him, unaware of what was happening. A man turned to Sherlock as he passed and Sherlock irately yelled "No, not you, you idiot!"
“What about London? We haven’t been there in a while.”
"Pigs are already up for the night."
“Sherlock, please, be logical—”
“I…I don’t know if I hope he has or if he’s done it already. He knows my time here is limited, but I don’t think he understands. He likes to believe he doesn’t know better about things he cares about. I think his brain’s just waiting for his heart to catch up.” John lets a small knowing smile flicker on his lips. “Humans do tend to be the most careless with the most delicate things. I think he thinks I’ll be around for the rest of his life.”
Moran looked up as the doors opened. "Wonderful, back-up has arrived." He said and John followed his gaze to the two men entering the room, one lightly tanned and blonde, the other bald and dark skinned. "Took you long enough." Moran sneered then turned back to John. "These two are Asad and Isaacs. Been working with them since before Sherlock's fall at St. Bart's. Some of the best of the best, as far as assassins go. The agency's been after them for a while you know—"
"John, you've got to eat something." Sherlock said.
Well, whatever he had expected to see, at least, in every scenario, John was there. Now, standing in the middle of their empty flat, John was most definitely
Mortimer lets the towel hang as she approaches Sherlock, steam billowing off her and brushing his face. He can feel it beneath his clothes, sticking to his skin.
John says nothing, but looks up, and Sherlock follows his line of vision.
God, he’d missed this. The connectivity, the instant rejoining. They were perfect, soulmates wasn't adequate for what they shared. Sherlock would lap at his neck, kiss him, wedge his thighs open with his knee, and it was unlike anything else; no blood high, no bite, no human, would ever match him, and he knew Sherlock felt the same, even if he didn’t say it. He almost wished he could still bruise, just to see those marks in the mirror the next day and try to match them with his own palm.
“I came here at some point…and we ended up…at a bar?” The images begin to align with their ecliptic significance the more he concentrates. “We were at the Roadhouse? Why were we at the Roadhouse?”
John’s voice is brittle and hushed, like a frightened child in the night.
for you to forget me, John, if it meant you would be happy. But you didn't. And you also didn't shoot Mikheia after he helped you. That tells me all I need to know concerning your worth. You are everything, John. Everything. Now that you're here, now that you're right in front of me, I don't ever want to see you away ever again."
“Will he accept the knighthood?”
There is a large box in the centre of the storage unit, covered in a thin sheet.
“You’re dealing in vagaries, brother mine.”
"Sometimes," he swallowed thickly. "I feel as if I'm standing on the edge of a great pit, and I want to step into it. You are the only thing that stops me. Without you, I fall."
Azazel stares at him. John purses his lips and nods in understanding.
His first assignment had been a serial arsonist that decided one day to burn down a church during mass, but caught the Sunday school class in its stead. Ten children were burned alive, along with their young teacher, and eight survived, coming into the clinic with burn injuries. John remembers treating one of the kids, a girl around eight, and seeing her skin burnt and boiling as it bubbled over raw bloody tissue.
“It would be rude to leave guests out in the cold. Think of what Father would say.”
I can't live like this this can't be the end please I need to see him I never got to say goodbye.
. They're innocents. Not threats. Pure, not red (that you know of). Focus on the grey. Just the grey. He's the one that did this to you. Your blood is on his hands. Find him, find him, make him pay for what he did to Sherlock, for the pain he caused him when he saw your body,
"Yes, I'll send someone. Head to the south gate. A car will be waiting. Can you find your way there?"
"I know that." Sherlock scoffed, looking anywhere but him.
He holds the button again until the phone turns on, and fiddles carefully with a few more before managing to unlock the phone. He finds Mycroft’s unanswered texts and somehow—he’s not quite sure, but he won’t question it—through a rough mashing of buttons he places a call to Mycroft.
, is what he wants to say.
“I’m not ashamed of him.” John said calmly, setting his fork and knife down. “But I trust you won’t tell anyone. They wouldn’t understand.”
"What culturally designated name do you want to call me?" John asks as he takes another bite of food. "Because they have a habit of changing."
He slipped them on. Took a deep breath. Reached into the box for the last time.
After a moment, the door to the bar opened, and John came up beside him, staring at the empty parking space.
Sherlock turned his head to look at him, his eyes dark in the night, holding the faint glow of the moon that hovered above them.
Sherlock stares back at him, wordless. Wordless, because John has said all of the things that Sherlock has wished for in the dead of night, when he was alone and the house was asleep, as fervently when he was young as when it was yesterday, because John has validated all of those hidden feelings that he’s kept sheltered, that he’s tried to destroy but couldn’t, because John has reached in and revived a piece of him that he had vainly tried to kill with drugs and bitter callousness yet which lived on, starved and neglected but alive.
“I’m renovating one of the cellar rooms into a salon of sorts. It’s quite secluded; we can do it there.”
“What do you mean?” Quinn smiles with a hint of bemusement. “I’ve always known who you are. You’re an angel. I could see you since I was six.”
at the sight before him as a priest feels before Christ. He wants to prostrate himself at the murderer's feet, wash the blood off them and ask how they did it if only so he might
"So we're back to Detective Inspector now? You may as well start calling me Greg while we're at it. Which one sounds best to you? The most personal?"
John looks at him and his smile is sad at the edges.
.” Harry answers as if he was an idiot, and he’s always wondered what that feeling is like, being condescended to. “And they’re human, sometimes. Sometimes something else, like sprites or demons”
"Gladstone." Sherlock calls and the wolf turns its head to him. "Attack."
“A werewolf?” Lestrade asks incredulously, looking between Sherlock and John. “You expect me to believe that?”
It’s clean and sharp and the efficiency of it nearly stings Lestrade’s sympathy.
John sighs. “It’s not about me thinking you want rid of me, Sherlock, it’s the fact that you never considered me in any of your plans. Not with the hallucinations in Baskerville, not with your fall at Bart’s—Christ, even with the pool you just showed up with the Bruce Partington plans regardless of where I was and thought you could solve it yourself! You don’t trust me enough to include me in the things that matter most to who we are as—as friends.”
In the space of time it takes for Mortimer to consider his question, Sherlock holds his breath.
He pulled away and his hands gently wrapped around Sherlock's hips.
This is terrifying.
"They took me somewhere dark…somewhere hot." John muttered.
When Sherlock first told him of his exploits, his tracking down and burning Moriarty's web, it had seemed so exciting, so thrilling, so like what they used to do. John felt as if he could have all the gun chases again, all the hand-to-hand combat, he could get
life would a person like me have? A wife and 2.5 children with a picket fence out in Sussex? There is no normal for me, there wasn’t one before you and there won’t be one after!”
“She convinced me to sample more…exotic fares. I thought it was rather thrilling, until I realized she had spiked one of the chalices. I was awake and asleep, and she drank from me.”
Mycroft and Lestrade share a glance as the news story ends and Sherlock continues to sit there, staring at the telly as if there’s more to be gleaned from it.
So you had to go
“You’re tired. You’re dehydrated. We can help you, but of course you have to help us first. Your duty—”
"I don't remember much of what happened. I know my contact in Novgorod was a snitch and I know I was drugged and taken into the Kremlin. I kind of drifted in and out after that, but I remember hearing your name and—it sounds so odd now—but I remember the taste of chewing gum and the smell of gunpowder."
"I'd like to see you try." He responds. "Let's see how well you do after your angel abandons you, after you've served your purpose and he leaves you to be fodder for the wolves. I'd never do that to you, Sherlock, never. John, however…let's just say he might not be what you think he is."
When he feels as if he can stand it, he opens his eyes blearily against the bright light near his head. He blinks once, twice. Flinches against the sudden movement near him and the sour warm breath on his face, whispering his name.
He grinned, running his hand through the dark blonde locks, feeling their bond bristle pleasantly.
Then it snarls, revealing rows of blackened, rotted teeth and bleeding gaps where some once belonged, and a roar rips from its desiccated throat as it charges at him with unnatural speed and he knows he's royally fucked long before it raises a clawed paw to strike him down.
"It'll be fine, sir. Please stop it."
, are you alright? Are you hurt?”
"What have you done, Irene?" He asked lowly.
"Showoff." Mortimer mutters, handing her a towel.
“She knows.”
When John arrived from surgery Sherlock was in their bedroom, his chest on the bed, his feet on the floor and each hand spreading his arse’s cheeks. He was going to give John the thing he most loved in the world. With chocolate.
“Private dance, I suppose?”Sherlock asked, nuzzling his long fingers in John’s hair.
“Something is always missing.”Sherlock said simply and got up, turning backward again and poking his arse to John enjoy the view.
“Back off, Victor, he’s mine.” Said sharply before putting his arm through John’s shoulder, claiming property.
“Come for me, Sherlock.”John asked, taking his hands to the stripper’s bollocks and massaging it over the fabric, feeling it tighten is his palms and Sherlock’s body going still, his groan loud in John’s lips and finally convulsing in pleasure.
“That sounds acceptable.” The stripper offered his hand and lead John to a tiny room with a leather sofa and a single pole on the center.
“Sherlock Holmes, you’re an impossible jealous man” beamed John, pulling Sherlock’s lips on his own and licking the soft rosy meat.
“Is this a real thing?”
“Should I feel flattered or offended?”
The feline look in the stripper’s eyes when he walked toward John made the soldier shiver and feel the need to lick his lower lip.
“Nope.” Sherlock said, lifting up the corner of his mouth “It’s just too common for the extraordinary man hidden under this hideous jumper”
if any of you want to follow me on twitter i am @sherlockholmish there.
“I’ll be here. Looking forward to hearing about the criminals you’ve already caught.”He stood up, taking his wallet in hands and gave Sherlock the money for the private dance“It was so good to meet you, Sherlock.”John said, approaching the stripper and kissing his cheek with fondness. He didn’t even know why he felt that way, but he did and he wasn’t feeling like hiding it.
“The chocolate that
Sherlock’s cheek and ears were painted in pink and John thought that it wasn’t caused just by the recent orgasm, and that thought made him stretch his neck and kiss those sharp cheekbones with fondness.
“How do you know that? Do you know me?”John kept his hands on his sides, fighting the need to touch the stripper’s hips. He wasn’t scared, but extremely curious and interested.
“We both know that you’re not offended, John.”Stated Sherlock, sitting backwards on John’s lap again wagging his butt in the man’s torso up and down in his thorax before decide to settle himself on his crotch “And now you’re half-hard”
“Okay, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and started to get up when he suddenly remembered the second chocolate thing he had made for John “John… would you be interested in a perfect replica of my penis made of bitter chocolate?” John’s eyes widened with Sherlock’s words and he knew that, at least, that surprise would please John.
“Obviously. I invented the job myself.”Sherlock said, flinching his eyebrow. For a moment, John saw a child in the place of this sexy and clever stripper and couldn’t stop a smile from appearing in his face.
“Must be very common for the clients here being cheated, I suppose.” John presumed before the stripper straddle his legs with his own, gracing John with the sight of his full latex briefs.
“Continue. Please, John.”Said the stripper, sounding breathless and needing with something more than arousal.
“Yeah, that would be very satisfactory.” The man giggled, leading his lips to John’s ear and kissing his lobe.
“You are not doing anything wrong. You know” the man said, his voice was a low tone that should be illegal, John thought.
“Alright, Billy. Whatever.”The redhead shrugged, looking annoyed by Sherlock’s manner.
“The praise is over already?” John laughed a bit, not being able to feel offended.
“How can you get bored when you do something so exciting for living?”He asked, fascinated.
“I never guess, John. Do keep up. I observe.”Corrected the stripper rubbing himself on John’s leg.
“It means whenever the police are out of their depth – wich is always – they consult me.” The man said seriously and placed his other leg between John’s before taking the soldier’s right hand, and placing it in his bare chest “You can touch me freely here. You’re paying for it.”
This time, when John entered the dark place, he was received by a redhead stripper that held his hand and took him to a table next to the stage.
“John”
“Why don’t you fuck me with chocolate? I was truly expecting your skillful tongue on me tonight.”
” Whispered and shuddered with the touch of John’s tongue in his mouth.
I may try to promise to do not took another month to finish it, okay?
Sherlock pushed John to the leather sofa and sat down on his lap as he did so many times before, but, for some reason, this time were different.
“I don’t recall of seeing you in here.” The man said, smoothly and John smiled politely.
“Sherlock…” John tried to say, but ended laughing again “It looks like” the giggle was louder and Sherlock was getting impatient.
“I would love to know what you do.” John said when Sherlock moved his body away from him, bringing the man back with both hands, grabbing his butt and inhaling the scent again, just to show how much interested he was.
“Oh, you can ask me anything, John.”Sherlock smirked and leaded John to the same room they went the previous week.
And so he was, entering into unknown territory, a veritable no-man's-land where the next step he trod could be his last. But he would do it, for John if not for himself.
“I understand.” Sherlock replies lowly.
There's lunch spread out on a table; buttered rolls, cherry pie, a whole sugared ham. Gluttons.
Mycroft looks down at his phone.
"You said I lack taste?"
"I believe I have the right to know the crimes I'm being accused of?" Mary said, her chin tilting up in an attempt to look innocent. They never learned that acting led them nowhere, only in circles. "That's what they do with war crimes, isn't it?
"And what room might that be?"
She looks at John, now unconscious. Sherlock tries not to hate her.
"Oh, go fuck yourself." Harry says, stepping up beside Sherlock. "You and your mind games can go bugger each other."
"They're probably a bit preoccupied with cleaning up the bodies." Sherlock said calmly. Did it bother him that John had put them there? He'd have to think about it.
Sherlock’s frown had deepened as John continued to talk. “You didn’t tell me you were feeling this way again,” and then the unspoken thought:
things to say about you. About what happened."
“And you?”
causes of my greatest failures?” He snapped, then froze at John’s expression, open-mouthed and blank.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock reached out his hand, and he took it, the soft leather of their gloves resting between.
The tree directly ahead was splintered; another, farther back, had the same damage. He turned, mapping the trajectory – the back door was nearly off its hinges, flapping about in the evening wind.
The whirring clicks off.
"He's attacked again." She said without preamble, turning to lead them down a dark corridor. John tensed as Orso followed behind him, closing off his route to the nearest exit.
"I know that you know what's happened to me since...well, since what happened. I know that you know that I'm going to agree to their terms." John continued lowly. "You can protect me like Sherlock would want, or you can try to stop me like Sherlock might want, but don't get in my way."
He feels his legs give out from under him as he collapses to the floor. Franklin whines and comes to sit beside him.
Harry says nothing, but she doesn't argue against him either, which says everything.
You can’t unbreak our broken leases holding on to broken pieces, so return them!
*     *     *     *     *
Something about this meeting bothered him. John was supposed to arrive two hours ago. Something had gone wrong. Something had happened. Mikheia said trains and people could be late, and that was all very well and true, but–
“You’re the only one that concerned themselves with my wellbeing. John did too. And now he's...he’s not here. You are all that’s left.”
He begins to walk through the fray, feeling like a man possessed, like a sleepwalker.
A large industrial light above them turned on, a brilliant blaze of light blinding them for a moment.
Lia, bless her, who knew a smatter of Russian from her time in East Germany, although he preferred Serbian. Lia, bless her, who had a son around his age and thus took special care of him. Lia, bless her, who was carrying those pills that made him feel like his mind was a warm summer breeze. Like he hadn't had a piece of compact metal burn through his shoulder.
me away."
“Very well. Thank you for your cooperation, Doctor Alkaev. Again, our condolences.”
lands in front of him, splashing in the puddled water, and Sherlock is thrown off his feet, his face roughly smacking the rain-slick street.
“Something else.”
"Kidding, John. Only a joke."
"How would
, John. You know the risks of sexual promiscuity."
"You can't hurt me, Sherlock Holmes." Emma says, her voice unwavering, steady with the confidence of faith. "You can kill me if you like, but you'll never
“Sherlock,” Mycroft says as he places a steady hand on his shoulder. “Put him down.”
They lay together on the bed, John on one side and Sherlock on the other, their coffee forgotten on the table.
She hung up the phone and noticed her hand was shaking. She looked to the boy.
“No!” He said quickly, straightening up. “No, I’m just saying it’s something we should have discussed by now. I should have asked, said something…”
"Us." He murmured softly.
, I know you recognise that's pretty incriminating evidence, and weren't you the one who was so adamant that the killer was a woman?"
Georgiy waves before picking up Mikheia’s coat and shrugging it on, donning his cap and grabbing his wicker basket, hauling it over his shoulder as he leaves to go into town.
"You told me that Mycroft removed Mary from the Kremlin. Then you said that you told her to. Which was it?"
Mikheia shrugged. His mother asked something in Russian and he answered nonchalantly. His sister hadn't taken her eyes off Sherlock since he came in the door and he had purposefully avoided her gaze. It didn't make him uncomfortable, but he knew that if he looked at her and acknowledged her fawning he would say something offensive and that would certainly make the rest of the table uncomfortable. Distantly, John reminded him to keep good guest etiquette.
Of course his mind chose to bring this fact up as he watched Mikheia leap onto the top of a rusted piece of machinery with nothing more than a running start and some admirable arm strength.
Previously, this was as far as they’d gotten; heavy kisses, promising starts, but it all ended in a sudden chill, and Sherlock had acquiesced, recognizing all too well the reason why, the depth of intimacy John was not ready to commit to, whether or not it was the sex or the love or the bite.
"Don't stop me, Sherlock."
“Well, that’s lovely, but assuming she’s a living human, we can’t use her.”
The body had been found just past dawn. The Jewish quarter was on high alert—there had already been four before this, found on the outskirts in alleyways, rooftops, slumped against the sottoportegos. They feared they were the natural suspects; Spanish, Italian, Ashkenazi, Roman, it made no difference. The were the other, foreign, outsiders.
"J-O-H-N." John finished, spelling out each letter.
Their physical absence had been felt keenly on both ends. Both were eager for the night to be over, but just begun as well. John had, technically, never been with anyone else for the past five hundred years, and he knew Sherlock had never even entertained or expected the idea of anyone, much less John himself. They had a rule: feed, but no fucking. Feeding was easy, and contrary to popular human notions, vampires were fairly monogamous. Now that didn’t mean that they hadn’t had adventures as a team with a little outside interference, no. In his wilder youth, Sherlock had been damn near insatiable, pulling down any willing participant he could find into their bed. In a way, John missed the experimental days, the two of them bedding the best from Paris to Istanbul, but he much preferred what they had now; they’d hightailed it out of France before the first revolution anyways, sick off of boozy, sugary blood that made them sluggish and lazy, and that had been that.
"Where is John?" Mikheia asked.
Mycroft feels exposed. He doesn't like it. Soft tenderness is left to the elements when there should be iron.
fun, Sherlock. I see why Johnny likes you so much. Did you know in all that heat and death and rot he watched you for three whole decades? Not much time, considering, but still. He saw something in you. And you let him down, didn't you? You let me take him."
He didn’t go to Moscow. Not at first.
of all the places in the whole world? What was so special? Did he have a favourite canal he liked to row on? Found a nice place to buy waffles, did he?
Sherlock Holmes did not, strictly speaking, have a car. I think the statute of limitations has been well-enough passed that I can say comfortably he was not altogether against passing up an unmanned vehicle if it meant getting from point A to B that much faster. And for the most part, he usually returned them — one owner had found his Ford, fresh off the line, parked in his driveway one morning, right where he had left it, leaking pond water from the spray of bullet holes.
. Such a new and novel thing, that he might hear John's heartbeat where once there was none.
Do you think of me now
The sheets were changed. John wondered which of them did it.
Sherlock's eyes dart to John's prone form, and Jim's never leave the detective's face.
"Is that something you can elaborate on or will I keep myself up at night wondering?" John asks.
As much as he didn't want to admit it, Rachel's death made him feel…better. Like it was proof that something in his life—in this town—could change. And it was exciting, in a way.
Artemisia’s salon was a subdued but tasteful room, paneled in dark wood and dominated by a large fireplace filled with lit candles. The canal waters slowly drifted past underneath the windows, opened to let in the cool night breeze. The house, John quickly found, was a bit of a maze, separated by false walls from the busy inn on the other side. As many things with Artemisia, you had to go down before you went up, winding upwards from the servant's quarters to her salons and apartments, carefully concealed but open to the canal. Never one to deny her creature comforts, even at the risk of a little sunlight.
“And your clues…they all were irrelevant. Red herrings meant to distract me, meant to keep me guessing at what your next move would be.”
"What is?"
"You must be hungry. Even if you're not, I know Mycroft has tea here—"
“Too much to drink, already?” John asked, winking as he leaned against the railing, the wind ruffling his hair. He’d always been able to hold himself well when drinking was involved.
Mikhailovic?"
"So why is she angry with you?"
The feeling was wrong -  so wrong. When they touched, John was vibrant, a multichromatic symphony, crackling at the edges like electricity, zipping through his nerves. Better than a seven percent solution, better than sunlight, better than the moon rising low and heavy in the sky. John was worth the wound, the suffering, worth the pain that life on earth brought to him. They weren’t finished yet. Five hundred years hadn’t been long enough.
He hurts. Completely. Everywhere.
“Yeah.” John answers, shrugging on his shirt.
Everything in him, every atom that formed him when he came to this realm, rebels, telling him to turn back to the stairs, telling him to destroy whatever that being is that did this before it struck again.
John takes a deep steadying breath.
"But you had your suspicions, didn't you?"
He must finally be losing it.
John didn't answer, watching the blood sluice off his arm in the water and disappear down the drain.
There were no muttered benedictions of awed beauty, no murmured words against hot skin, no whispered declarations of love. They were no longer needed when they could be said silently.
Nature's miracle once more
In hindsight, he smells it before he sees it.
He sits beside John, but with enough space between them that they aren’t touching. He cannot help but feel the tragedy of it all, that not twelve hours ago this negative space didn’t exist. It had never even occurred to either of them, as Sherlock had gathered John in his arms and John had let himself be taken apart underneath him, that such a gap could have widened between them, that a few inches now seemed to be a bottomless chasm, that not an hour later, the hand that had grasped at John’s shoulder would be dislocating it. Sherlock had felt as if he had held John’s soul in his hands, like one twist either way and John could be broken or mended. He’d been wrong to think that. It had been John’s trust, and it was crumbling through his fingers.
"Why would I want to go back to that
She was already waiting on the steps outside, dark form covered under an umbrella dripping in dramatic gold fringe, held up by one of her liveried staff, lined up in an obedient row to receive them. John smiled as he stepped up onto the dock, and Sherlock sat for a moment, and wondered at the first genuine glimpse of excitement he’d seen from his mate in a long time. He noted the feeling, then swept it aside as he too climbed from the boat.
“Yes, I—yes.”
There are many things Sherlock wants to say to John, but all that's coming out is his name, a steady stream of "Johnjohnjohn..." like water trickling down rocks that have been smoothed by the current. Somewhere between two utterances of John's name, Sherlock finds that the phrase
“Five centuries of penmanship sacrificed at your altar.”
“Or a shoe?” Sherlock adds, if only to prolong his answer, but he doesn’t know why he doesn’t want to hear it (except maybe he does, somewhere).
John turns around, eyeing the newcomer. Tall, dark, handsome. He's wearing a look of vague condescension, as if even asking is beneath him, his voice a low, trembling bass.
Emma stares at him, her head swaying side to side like a reptile surveying prey.
“Help me move him. He needs to lie flat.”
"An answer would be beneficial."
“I don’t know!” Harry bursts. “I’m not John! I don’t have all the answers, I can’t spell it out for you like he does…just,” she takes a deep breath, steadying herself, “just don’t expect too much from me, okay? I’m not John. I—I’m not John.”
“My eyes are fine.” John says solemnly and I want to collapse into nothingness. I want him to sever the cord and be done with it, with this game, I don’t want to play anymore, I am done, just kill me and be done with the damn thing, but don’t leave me like I left you, I couldn’t—I wouldn’t…just don’t do it. You’re a better man than I am, than I ever will be. You’re the saint, and I am a good man playing at greatness.
Christ, he needs to get new shoes. His old ones are wearing out from the running. Shame, they were a good pair—
“Billy, you’re under arrest under suspicion of murder. The murder of Rachel Wilson.”
"I know what John meant to you, Sherlock, and all the times I talked to him, I could see how much you meant to him. Even though you were gone, he never stopped thinking about you. Never stopped telling me stories. Did you know that? Every time we met in the Drop-Off after a hit, he would talk about you. I think it made him feel better, made him feel…safer." Sherlock had his face buried in his hands. She reached into her purse. "He told me once that if you came back and he wasn't there, he wanted you to have this. He always believed in you, you know, even before he was sure you were alive, and—and I think he'd want you to do the same for him. To remember him." She sighed and Sherlock vaguely recalled that she'd cared for his army doctor too. But he had not been her world as he'd been Sherlock's. He had not been her reason to rise in the morning or to jump to her death or to track an international web of criminals. No, he had not been hers as he'd been Sherlock's.
—slices through the quiet stillness of the forest as they crash through it.
He should have seen this. He should have known. Should have listened to his gut, to that crawling feeling he got when he came in. But even then, Sherlock and Lestrade already drunk the spiked tea, and he’d have no more of an idea what to do with two unconscious men on the streets of London as he did now—
His friend’s eyes widen in surprised disbelief, eyebrows rising in disconcertion.
He smiles.
He had been afraid of the results, had been afraid of sending someone to track him down and report that Sherlock really was dead and John had imagined his voice that day outside of the Novgorod Kremlin and that Sherlock Holmes was surely and absolutely dead, that there was no trace of him on any corner of this earth except for the grave he lied in.
Moran laughed, a deep scratchy rasp. The other guard moved to draw his gun.
John smiled sadly.
A bed up against the far wall, covered in floral print pink sheets. A little rolltop desk across from it, littered with tchotchkes and knick-knacks. A wicker rocking chair. A small white rug.
"Ventricular fibrillation, maybe," John responds after a moment, prodding gently around the dead woman's chest, avoiding the smears of paint. "But most likely asphyxiation or immersion syndrome."
The notion of John is too alluring to ignore.
“You’re late.”
“Take me to him.”
“What can I say?” Sherlock smiled as a server passed. “I missed my dog.”
Sherlock glances to him, then to the spot of light on the wall, to the point in the corner of his eye that he could see and didn’t want to face. The gyroscope can still spin if he can’t see it.
So many questions.
And he did love knives. The weight of it in your hand, the sureness of it. And the gleam of a blade, well-oiled and sharp, like an extension of a fang. Wonderful.
"You say that like he's been acting alone."
"Don't be stupid, John." Sherlock said, pressing a kiss to his bare unmarked shoulder. "It doesn't become you."
"Go home, Mikheia."
“He did a lot of things. He lived, he made good tea, he loved me, he died.”
"Don't go away, you can't go away—" A gasp fell from Sherlock as the breath was forced out of him with a particularly rough thrust. "You can't go—" Fingers tightening on his shoulder. "You can't—" A messy kiss. John sucked on his lip, let his tongue roam, tasting the toppled pillar of salt and sweet gathered sweat.
Georgiy shrugs. “If this is your choices, that is alrighty. He stay with me until he going home.”
John ran through the slanted corridor, the cool air chilling the sweat breaking over him. The doors were beginning to shut in front of him, just a few more feet, a few more steps—
The uncomfortable belt that stretched across his chest and strapped his arms down was thin, pliant and durable…which meant it would be hard to break out of. Not impossible…but hard. He closed his eyes. Quietly took a deep breath and let it out. He jerked up hard, bringing all of his upper mass and weight forward harshly, and heard the belt snap underneath the gurney, clattering to the floor. Someone was bound to have heard that, and if not then the clanging metal noise as he untied his feet would be what gave him away.
“Why don’t you eat and I’ll tell you.”
They walked along the canal towards the palace, its calm water running smooth and soft beside them, birds roosting on the surface. He stopped under an oak, turning to John.
“Nobody welcomes a glutton shadowing their doorway, John.”
Sebastian fucking Moran. 6'2". 178 pounds of lean muscle that could snap your ulna like a twig as soon as dislocate your shoulder before you could even realise he was moving.
Sherlock scoffed when people spoke to him of beauty in art. Oh, he liked most of it fine. He had a particular affection and affinity for music, anyone could see that, but
The ambassador had not been the true target. The real target was his assistant, the true culprit of the crimes, all done in his name. John had had suspicions from the beginning, and he could tell forgery when he saw it.
“If I remember correctly, you once thought yourself incapable of love. Do you still think so now?”
Sherlock leaned forward, staring down at John's nape as his lips brushed his ear.
Mikheia tapped on his cup, thinking for a moment.
him—”
“Humanity is not your puppet to guide whatever way you want it to go, and the whole point of life on earth is not its subjugation to someone who thinks they know better than everyone else. Saving the world won’t save you from yourself, and enslaving the human race won’t make you happier, or more satisfied with your choices, it would only destroy you, and you know that.
“I.O.U.” Mikheia pipes in.
"Indeed." Mycroft replies. His voice sounds sour. He doesn't know why. Filial bonds flaring protectively perhaps.
"Why?"
“Okay, sorry.” She muttered, chastened.
Sherlock and John are together once more.
“Yes, yes, get it all out.” Sherlock sighs. “No one can hear you here except the ghosts.”
She sighed, willing her shoulders not to droop so low, to keep some of her dignity intact. That voice did something to her, made her feel as if she had to listen, and if she were honest, she wanted to. The allure, the mystery; it was hard to say no to someone like him. Underneath the mask, she could tell he was handsome and, well, if she was going to be alone for the rest of the night anyways, company was always nice.
He takes advantage of Moran ducking down as John returns fire, running as fast as he can down the ramp and behind the side of the elevator shaft, out of Moran’s sight.
like him." Moriarty grins, eyes roving over Sherlock's form.
"Do you care?" The man bit back. "It's not like you got anything out of it."
"Why?"
“Right.” John says, clipped, and water from the storm is pooling swiftly on the cellar floor.
Mycroft pulls a netbook from his bag and hands it to Sherlock, but before he can take it his brother draws it back with a pointed look.
As they rinsed the soap off of themselves, John tenderly kissed Sherlock's mouth, "I love you."
John finds the source of the water. It's a small brook; fresh water. He washes himself and then takes a drink from his cupped hands. He sees a dirt road across the field, so he starts walking. He crosses over, around, through the brush in order to mask his footprints. He waits on the other side of the road, partially hidden.
John didn't wait for an answer. He took off at a gallop towards the eastern stream. He galloped past Sherlock's entire family, including his cousins, who were busy preparing the lamb and seating arrangements for the betrothal celebration. As Sherlock shot past, he caught a glimpse of Mycroft and Gregory sitting close on one of the tree stump benches, kissing. Sherlock couldn’t imagine wanting to be that close to anyone else every waking moment of the day.
“Not at all. Not for you.”
This afternoon Sherlock stopped sulking and went to Tesco to buy some chocolates, bitter chocolate, John’s favorite and now he was paralyzed in the kitchen of Baker Street with so many ideas in his big mind and yet without knowing what to do.
That night when he entered the club, Sherlock grabbed his hand and dragged him to the private room that they were so used to stay in the last two months. The man had this spark in his eyes that made John think that whatever that he was feeling for the stripper was reciprocated.
“No, I am
The tips of John’s fingers tightened in each cheek of Sherlock’s arse, bringing him closer, seeking for more friction. He wanted it all. He wanted to consume Sherlock, to breath him in. He couldn’t remember of feeling this way never in his entire life and now all that mattered was to see Sherlock coming and shooking above him. He was so close that John could feel the muscles of his body contract in his hands, and the thought of make this incredible man feel that way made John groan.
They clean up hastily and wrap their bodies around each other other, Sherlock stroking John's face.
Everyone in the clan worked in shifts, some eating and resting while others worked. The Watson clan set up building in the same way, all young men and women helping to build the marriage gift to the
"There is no life to beg for, Mrs. Watson," Mycroft says, his umbrella laid across his lap, "Thanks to your handiwork, all the way around, Sherlock is dying. Slowly. Of liver disease."
Sherlock had even shocked himself. He turned, and all the clansmen had stopped working, jaws open, eyes wide. Hammers and tools stopped in mid-strike. The clansmen stared at Sherlock. John's dearest cousin, Lennox, moved towards Sherlock, opening his mouth to speak. The other clansmen started whispering and pointing.
Most of the day was spent putting the scaffolding together. The scaffold was the main showcase of the play, as it was where the lead actor would fall and presumably die from it. However, John was brought it to make sure that the rigging and scaffold was safe to prevent any injury to the actor. The scaffold was nearly done, and it was beautiful. It looked just like a regular set of scaffolding, but it had quick releases and footholds for the actor to quickly ascend or descend. The stage was also recessed to hold a drop mat.
eyes. He put his hands on Sherlock's shoulder, "Oh, my dear. Lennox threatened to horse whip that old fool for what he said about you and your family. John was near killing him and sent him away. John begged forgiveness from your parents and he sent search parties out for you."
He banged on the Captain's door, then, losing his balance, opened the door by falling into it. He saw Sherlock standing over the Captain's desk, leaning into him, his body appearred to be melded to Mr. Openshaw. John felt sick, and just said, "I was coming to find Sherlock, but there is a message painted outside your office. I don't know what information you can glean from the message."
Mycroft looked at his mother with soft eyes. He sat down beside Sherlock, "John needed something to keep him busy. For twelve hours you've only moaned and we could barely get water into you. Over two days we weren't sure you'd fully wake up. He is with his clan bringing materials so he can build a house to care for you."
They imagine that Sherlock will be chatting with Magnussen, attempting to pull information or paperwork out of him, working through blackmail. Robert is to jump out of the helicopter and shoot Magnussen, but with Sherlock there they can give credibility and information to Mary that Sherlock is actually the one that shot him. John will be safe, for a day, for the last day of her life, if she believes Sherlock fulfilled her demands.
Sherlock couldn't wait to talk about what had been bothering him. He wrung his hands, blurting out, "Can we talk about something?"
Puzzled for a moment, Robert wrinkles his brows, then finally answers, "You know I would love to. But I'm protecting my heart a bit. I need you to decide. Be sure. I'm sure about you, Mycroft. I trust you. I love you. I've already come
Sherlock grabbed his coat and swung it over his shoulder and walked out. John followed outside, watching as the police loaded the wife into the police car. John picked up a phone to call a cab, but was startled when he felt a hand on his arm. Sherlock held his arm, squeezing it, holding out his phone with a typed message.
Sebastian chooses rugby and girls.
softly, and in a low register.
"You're finally clean. I can see your dubh falt again. These blankets need to be washed before you sleep in them again."
Tavis grinned, splashing the water at Sherlock, "She loved you. She'd be so proud of you."
John just shakes his head.
Sherlock laced his fingers through John's as they walked outside.
Sherlock grinned, spreading out the handfasting cloth as a blanket. The wagon really was bare, except for one small bag at his feet. He tried to pick it up to look in it, but John stopped him.
John laughed, kissing Sherlock again. He felt his robe slip off his shoulder, and Sherlock's fingers rubbed over his bare skin. Moaning into Sherlock's mouth, he  wrapped his arms around his neck and pulled himself closer. He opened his mouth wide, deepening the kiss. Sherlock was warm, and constantly moving. His arms were rubbing his back, or rolling over his ears, or dipping into his robe to touch bare skin. His legs were shuffling, hitching his knee up or widening his stance so more of John's legs could tuck up and fit on the chair.
Sherlock turned, his face pink, his curls sticking to his forehead, "When you first moved in I never thought you'd dare consider me. So I tried to get my nerve up to have sex with other men. I was so wound up I thought I would die. But I couldn't. It was you or no one. So I bought these materials. This red one, reminds me of what I thought you'd look like, engorged and ready."
"Why were you afraid, civilian? Does that justify what you did? Did you not understand the full UK government was behind distracting you, getting you out of the way, and moving this mission forward? Without you being part of it?"
It was beautiful.
"I don't think Mr. Detective quite fits anymore. I'd like to call you Papa, if you wouldn't be offended. I didn't consider you my second daddy, or my other daddy, until Amanda suggested it. But I realize that it fits very much with how I feel. I want you around forever, and I think daddy does, too."
Medical professionals filtered in, some looking well rested, others more haggard looking than John. Greg Lestrade, R.N., filtered in wearing sunglasses and sat beside John.
Mycroft is anxious. He thinks- he knows- he's being absolutely ridiculous.
"John, I…I care for you a lot, too. I'm not used to this, either. I am not good at this. But you don't love me. You love Greg."
quite likes your fiancé. I hope you take that into consideration. This isn't the stable boy," the elder Holmes brought Sherlock into a side embrace, "This is my youngest, Sherlock."
The static murder scene progressed into chase.
Sherlock broke into the house when no one answered, finding John's fatigues on the bed. He took John's undershirt to carry with him; dried in his sweat so it smelled just like John. He rips it, in a long strip, so he can wrap it around his neck to keep his hands free while still keeping John's scent near to him.
"So where does that leave us, Sherlock?" Moriarty popped the consonants of his name.
John laughed, peppering Sherlock's neck and collarbone with kisses, "I will have to prepare you. We must practice, over and over, and even then, you will be sore afterwards. You may be unable to travel back home for a day or two."
Today, Sherlock said only John's name. But the tone, the inflection, was altogether different. John was in the kitchen, cooking breakfast, when he heard Sherlock call his name from the living room. Sherlock had been typing on his laptop, in fits and starts, when he'd finally given up. He'd been pacing the living room, took down a book, put it back.
Mycroft moved to to him, kneeling at Sherlock's other side. He moved so quickly Sherlock felt another wave of dizziness hit him. Mycroft put his hand on Sherlock's face, like he did when they were children, "He just went to get you a blanket. He will be right back. Then we will take you and let you rest in our house. The room is bigger and the bed is on a stand. Tavis and I can look after you and tend to your injuries--"
Round and round the circle they discussed and answered, speaking only when spoken to. Eventually, the questions kept circling in over and over to the inspector, Jim Moriarty.
