"It's beautiful, Gabriel. Thank you." He grinned as he watched the duplicates before he looked back at the sunset. "I think that you're spoiling me." He nuzzled along the angel's neck, kissing his bite there. It was strange, although Sam couldn't say that he objected. He was happier than he had ever imagined being, and he wanted to make Gabriel just as happy.
“Well, you’re not the occasion itself, but you are the reason for the occasion. Christmas in itself is quite silly, but humans love their holidays and I wanted to make this one special for you.”
Dean’s stomach grumbles again but this time something deeper in his gut heats up at Cas’ use of a nickname. “Don’t have to tell me twice, partner.” He quips with mock machismo, attempting to hide even a spark of arousal.
In that very moment, Dean is beyond grateful he hasn’t taken another sip of his beer. Otherwise, he’s reasonably certain he would have choked on it or spewed it unceremoniously across the room. He tries his best to rein in the blush he feels spreading through his cheeks while thinking of a response.
“As in
When he finally allows his eyes to squint open, his heart stutters. Not because of the love and adoration he finds etched across the other man’s face, but due to the hope that seems to be emanating from Cas’ entire being. A quiet smile nudges the corners of his mouth, and Dean’s almost certain that a similar hope has to be plastered across his face now as well. Before his brain can resume its path of overanalyzing, he squeezes the hands that rest in his and whispers, “Can I kiss you?”
Dean’s chest clenches at that, so he masks it with an ill-timed joke. “An angel encouraging gluttony?” He scoffs, pretending to be appalled.
“The house, the old-man front porch, the roadhouse with an endless supply of cold beer. It all makes sense. It’s all
Dean can’t stop his eyes from rolling in the most annoyed yet affectionate way.
Dean whips around to glare at the angel. “Alright. You want to talk? Let’s talk. How about we start with you telling me
The brief but vulnerable conversation ended in a tangle of lips and limbs. And at some point, in a rush of adrenaline or to Dean, what felt like clarity, the hunter asked for more than he ever thought he’d possess the courage to do. “Marry me,” he had whispered, both a question and a suggestion.
Dean does. He lets go of the tight coil and gives himself over to feeling, to Cas and the realization that he is most certainly safe and loved. Cas’ eyes light up and Dean wants to tell him the same, but his lips and tongue and teeth refuse so he settles for touch. He pants and strokes Cas’ wings and the sides of his torso with long, languid movements. The soothing ministrations contradict the now sporadic thrusts of the angel’s hips until everything stills and Cas empties into Dean.
, Dean begs internally to whoever is listening.
Miracle barks in response but that’s the depth of their conversation. Dean resumes his walking and suppresses a laugh as Miracle follows at a trot, eager to match the human’s stride. Together, they continue the hunt to find a missing angel.
The whimper his angel lets escape on a particularly good tug sets off a deep and almost predatory growl that emanates from Dean’s chest and crawls up his throat. Cas’ grip on his shoulders is bordering on painful in the most delicious way, and Dean grunts imaging the indents and bruises that will remain for days to come. “D-dean,” Cas pants between them.
Dean’s frustration roars at even the implication that Cas thinks he might not like being around him. “Tolerate? I love your company, Cas. You’re my best friend. You have to know that, don’t you?”
When their groins meet, hard flesh meeting hard flesh, the two mouths moan. “Fucking finally.”
The angel all but growls and leans down to swallow the hunter's mouth in a kiss.
, he tells himself.
Here it is, the final, smut-filled chapter. Not sure how, but this one got away from me. The other four chapters have all hovered around 2,000 to 2,500 words. This one? It's nearly 5,000. Hope you like soft, loving, gentle, and passionate smut between a hunter and his angel.
Before Cas can elaborate, there’s a firm knock at the door. “Yeah?” Dean grunts in response, patience wearing thin.
He hates that Sam is being vague, he hoped one of them would be brave enough to just spell it out, to state, plain as day, what this profound bound truly is. But as much as he’d rather not sugarcoat it, he can’t find it in himself to say it, so he decides on: “What do you mean by
Dean is scrambling up off the bed and marching toward the door. He has no clue what his plan is, but at this point, he’ll swallow his pride, get down on his knees, and beg the angel for forgiveness, for another chance to do this right. But when he makes it to the table, expecting or at least hoping, to find Castiel there, he’s greeted by a depressing sight.
Aside from a single ten-minute stop at a Gas-N-Sip for fuel for Baby, mixed nuts for Sam, peanut m&m’s for Cas, and a couple of sticks of beef jerky for him, they make it to the motel just outside of Little Rock without any issue. As Dean puts the Impala into park, Sam unbuckles his seat belt and reaches for the door handle. “I’ll go grab us rooms.”
“We do—have ‘needs’,” Cas interrupts, fingers offering somewhat pathetic air quotes around the last word, blue eyes glued to the bathroom floor.
“Yes,” Cas nods affectionately. “But there’s no need to be gentle.”
“But Sam said—”
Sam must register the turmoil churning inside Dean because he suddenly has a sickeningly sympathetic look plastered on his face.
With one more spoonful of the divine dessert, Dean is satiated. He looks down at his plate and is tempted to lick the leftover globs of whipped cream and crumbs from the crust off of it, but he somehow reins himself in. The spoon in his hand clatters against the plate and he leans back to place a heavy palm on his even heavier stomach. “You outdid yourself, man.” He declares looking up to see Cas gazing affectionately at him.
The nod Cas gives is subtle enough to miss, but Dean of course is eyeing him like a hawk. However, before his hand can continue its journey now that he has permission, the angel’s low and gravel-like voice demands his full attention. “They’re sensitive."
“Enough,” he grits out. “That is an outright lie and we both know it. You deserve whatever you want.”
Once he sees Sam heading back to the car, he opens the door and slips out. Sam tosses him a key. “You two are in room 21, I’ll be in 25.”
Smut will come in the next and final chapter. Thank you for your patience.
The proposal, and the bare-bones ceremony, had been far from a grand gesture—what the angel truly deserved—but it was so very
As they near the garden, the fragrance of flowering plants and ripening fruit worms its way into Dean’s nostrils. He inhales and tries to decipher the myriad of scents. Just as he’s on the brink of declaring one of the smells as lavender, a quiet but persistent buzz fills his ears. A bee. His instincts tell him to swat the damn thing but Cas’ voice echoes in his head: “Bees are magnificent creatures, Dean. Don’t harm it and it won’t harm you.”
Dean wracks his brain for a witty comeback but comes up short, train of thought derailed by what the angel states next.
The smile Cas expresses is small but it reaches his eyes. He grabs for one of Dean’s hands and pulls it to his chest, just over his heart. “Yes, Dean. The garden is for me but I’m here for you.”
need to decide on what to make for dinner. And soon—before Dean’s stomach decides to go rogue and tries to metabolize itself.
“Thanks again for dinner, Cas. Everything was delicious.”
“I deserve whatever I want?” The angel challenges.
Dean sucks in a breath. “Shit, Cas. That's one way to use your mojo.”
Dean takes a nice long gulp from the beer in his hand to buy himself some time. But when he fails to respond quickly enough for Sam’s liking, he’s met by his brother’s quirked and teasing eyebrow.
That’s all the encouragement the gruff hunter needs before plunging his fingers into the feathers. The gasp Cas releases is one of the most beautiful things Dean has ever heard, and he struggles to decide if he wants to make it happen again or swallow it down greedily. A pronounced shiver wracks Cas’ form when the retired hunter cards his hardened fingers through the iridescent wings. Dean groans when the callouses adorning the pads of his digits, from decades of digging up both ancient and fresh graves, catch on the edges of certain feathers. The stark contrast between weathered skin and far-too soft down makes his throat go dry and his groin twitch.
Cas scoffs. “Kettle meet pot—or however that saying goes.”
, Dean thinks.
Cas stares, unmoving. As if he’s holding his breath, waiting to see if Dean has figured out this divine puzzle.
Before he can beat feet and pretend he was never here, Cas is peering up at him, a slow and gentle smile playing at the corners of his mouth. Dean waves lamely.
The hunter’s heart swells without his explicit permission. Dean groans. At least once a day Dean wonders how he landed here, in heaven, with a damn angel by his side. How? How did Dean Winchester “the ultimate killer”—as Chuck had said—not only find his little slice of paradise but get to live it out, for eternity, with Castiel, wings and grace and all, in the passenger seat?
“Dean,” Cas says wiping around, quick to forget the rather disastorous kitchen, “You can’t control what your body does…”
Cas wets his lips. “I want you, Dean.”
Dean advances with heightened senses, fearful he’ll disrupt the mystical balance with one wrong step. Once he gets within a few feet of Castiel, he pauses, not wanting to cross over any heavenly boundaries.
Wanting to get the show on the road, Dean’s hands move to the top of his jeans. But that’s as far as he gets. Cas shifts into the v of his denim-clad legs, clutches both of his wrists, and pins them above his head in the grass. “Keep those there, please.”
He can’t get himself to look Cas in the face quite yet so he zones in on the handful of bees that are undeterred by his presence and far more interested in surrounding the angel—as if they’re equally as mesmerized by the sight. Dean’s eyes track a single bee as it lands in Cas’ dark locks. He fights the urge to swat it away in mild terror, but quickly notices just how docile it is, simply resting on the angel’s mane. Resting. The realization encourages Dean to release the air he’s holding on to. It comes out in a long sigh that causes not only his face to relax but his shoulders to drop a few inches too. He’s not sure he’s ever felt so… calm.
“Dean,” Cas hesitated. “If you don’t want me here, Jack has work for me—“
“Wait, take a piece of the pie with you,” the angel says as he spins toward the counter in search of a knife and the whipped cream.
“For what, Dean?” He sighs.
Unconditional, I’ll-wait-until-you’re-ready love? Wide-open feelings and vulnerability, those were the things of Dean’s nightmare, because when he wore his heart on his sleeve, he had grown to expect that it would be squashed or spat on.
them?”
“Why’d you do all of this for me?”
“Yes, I’m saddened that you missed dinner but you weren’t feeling well. There’s no need for you to apologize any further.”
Without looking up, Dean says, “You heard Sam. Time to head out.” Although there’s frustration evident in the sigh Cas releases, he lets the argument go, noticing the note of finality in Dean’s voice, and moves to leave the still humid shower room. A burst of cold air from the hallway pushes its way in, causing Dean to shiver slightly as he tugs on a clean flannel.
“Dean, look at me,” his throaty voice had rumbled into the stale air of their dimly lit kitchen. The tug-of-war happening inside of Dean had snapped to a halt at the summoning tone. When his eyes met Cas’, they weren’t their usual sky-on-a-cloudless-day blue; they were jet black like a demon’s without the chilling coldness.
Although he doesn’t dare look up to witness Sam’s reaction to his confession, he hears the unmistakable sound of a book closing. He’s certain his brother’s full attention is now directed at him, which causes his jaw to clench. Sure, they’ve had heart-to-hearts over the years, but rarely about romantic love and pining and longing for partnership—and certainly not about this.
“I need to feel you in me, Cas.”
The request is somehow daunting. Dean’s head wages a war in the confines of his skull. He wants to peer into those striking azure eyes but he’s afraid of what he’ll see. Sam’s comments from earlier echo through his mind:
"Sammoose and I are getting married, but he won't let me hand out Doobies to all the guests at the ceremony," Gabe told him. "That's okay though because any wedding to my Sammich will be perfect." He added, kissing Sam roughly. "OmD, candy buffet?!" He gasped in excitement, breaking apart.
The vibrations of Cas's hum rang within Dean's cock as his finger probed inside him. He let out a moan of pure bliss as he slowly let himself take Cas's cue to let up control just a bit. Moving a hand from the headboard he threaded his fingers in Cas's hair, and began thrusting his hips a bit more "So good, Cas," he said, voice low and gravelly. "Wanted to do this for so long, Sir."
"Close the door you're letting the smoke out!" Gabe called up at the much taller figures from his spot, now laying on the floor.
The other two went to go pack a bag, leaving him alone in the kitchen
"Of course but I don't know who this beauty is" blue responded with a defiant smirk
Dean did as he was told, removing his oil-soaked hands from Cas's wings and swirling two dripping fingers over his open hole. Refusing to touch himself more than he'd been given permission to, Dean finished lubing himself and placed a hand around Cas's cock. Pumping it slowly, spreading the oil in slick, sweet-scented movements. Dean couldn't resist the smell of the oil any longer, he dipped a finger from his free hand into his mouth, tasting it. Flavors of fruits he'd never tasted but somehow knew all too well suddenly filled his mouth, accompanied by honey, and vanilla custard, all at once with cherry pie, and the feeling of home, the feeling of a hunt successfully won, the feeling of loss then finding your heart again. Cas's oil tasted like all the things. Every bit of a whole that was his love. Suddenly Dean knew what it was to taste the molecules. Eyes widening he looked up at Cas "Whoa."
Laughing, Sam felt himself relaxing at Gabriel's words. "I definitely prefer that idea." He kissed him back, then nuzzled along his throat. "Gabriel... you never said what happens since I claimed you and you claimed me. I felt your power when I bit you." He'd tasted it in the blood that had stained his lips.
Dean felt a horrible knot in his stomach. He knew he'd be the one to share his bed, Sam kicked in his sleep something terrible.
Dean smirked, "Bong tokes then cuddles?" He asked, reaching for the bong, and lighting it before inhaling a big breath. He passed Cas the bong and the lighter, as well as the jar of flower. "The bowl is finally getting low."
"How did everyone know my pronouns without me telling them? I'm used to strangers misgendering me, but right from the start sam knew."
Gabe moaned loudly, that sounded amazing. "Get to it then Samshine," he said, grinding back against Sam, and then into the bed. He propped himself up on his forearms and got up on his knees, ass in the air. Turning to look back at Sam with expectation, he urged him, "Come on then"
"He went to get us breakfast, what's this about a wedding?" Dean asked
Castiel shot Dean a smirk, “Because, Dean, you’re my honey.” Concentrating as Gabriel had taught him, he bit into the peach. He moaned as the flavors burst over his tongue. He licked his lips, chewing. "Mmm...."
"Right." Dean said simply and gruffly, finally grabbing the candy
"Cannabis- Caution, very strong," he read. "Fuck, yeah! Finally, something interesting happens around here!" He snapped his fingers and smirked as a lighter and a bong appeared on the desk, "It's 4:20 somewhere"
The room was very small, with a small bathroom in the back, the two beds and side tables taking up most of it, other than a small table and rickety chair in the corner.
"Son of a bitch, blue.." dean muttered
"It's about time" he smiled "but they need to hurry it up, we have shifters to kill"
too much before."
Blue laughed again sending a bonbon flying into deans lap
"I can!" Excited to actually try bacon, he leaned to kiss Dean. His grace tingled over the hunter, freshening his body from head to toe. "Now you needn't shower. I will return shortly with a feast for us and coffee." One more kiss and he took the card, flying off in a flutter of his wings.
"Because Dean.." he said standing "I was the reason you'd had those dreams."
Dean licked across Cas's lips, requesting access. Carding his fingers through his hair, he rolled his hips, grinding his dick against Cas's. Large, very erect, and leaking precum Dean's cock brushed against Cas's. And Dean let out a breathy sound from deep within his throat.
Each potential crime scene was less helpful than the last. About four hours later he sat watching a security tape of one girl's disappearance at a theme park in a sickeningly cheerful Garfield themed area.  He watched as a man who'd gone missing a week before led her away, and she didn't even question it. His eyes caught a glimmer as he looked towards the camera
Gabe licked over the lovely bruise his mouth had formed on Sam's upper abs "Hmmm? Been yours? Do tell more." He ran this tongue down Sam's torso and back up, trailing back over the line with his finger. The same tingling warmth filled Sam from everywhere Gabe touched, radiating through him and down into his cock like he had some kind of lightning rod dick.
Eight rounds of mind-blowing Island sex later, Gabe and Sam were laying on the beach under a beautiful cabana. A mirror image of Gabe brought Sam a drink as they watched the (still) setting sun over the ocean. "It's my island you see, Samsquatch. I control every aspect of it. I decided I wanted you to have sunsets," the real Gabe explained, arms locked around Sam, as another mirror image fanned them with a large palm frond. "It's probably far past sunset, in all actuality. But I thought it was a nice touch."
Sam raised a brow at Gabriel, starting to go through the various boxes that Castiel had brought back. Finding an egg white omelet, he grinned, moving to sit with the box. "Howling moose, really?"
"Dammit, guys are you getting baked again in here?!" Sam's voice came from down the hall
In the last three days, there had been over thirty supply runs for candy. There had been over one hundred fits of laughter for ridiculous reasons, all the food in the bunker was changed for candy using angel grace, kazoo music could be heard day and night, and (though cas didn't mind this as much) Gabe had used his grace to turn one full room of the bunker into an apiary now that blue no longer had any allergies and could keep all the bees they wanted. The only thing that wasn't getting done was any planning on saving the world. Which was totally okay, because it's not like that was why blue was brought there.
"Dammit, you two. Go take a minute." Dean said sternly
Suddenly Cas moved forward and Dean found himself pinned against the wall, and feeling slightly trapped in the best way.
Gripping the angel's hips, Sam watched every expression that crossed Gabriel's face. He was gorgeous, and he wanted to feel him come around him. Sam wrapped a hand around Gabriel's cock, stroking it in time with his thrusts.
Blinking at his brother, Castiel shrugged off his coat and suit jacket. "Fine." He took the bong, eyeing his older brother before he took a hit, managing the motions smoothly. He coughed, then cleared the bong only to cough again. He immediately felt a pleasant tingle. "Hmm... where did you get this?"
"Is it the pretty boy angel?" She asked
"Okay, we need ideas. Powers. Abilities. Strategies. Weapons." Dean began
"I'll bunk with Sam, then." He said finally, deciding bruises were better than sexual frustration.
Sam and Cas looked at him but said nothing.
Dean nodded and the pressure on his legs eased Cas sat on the bed and beckoned to dean to straddle him
Castiel's hand slid to Dean's shoulder, covering his hand print there. "And I've been yours, Dean. I love you." He offered him a smile, shaking his head. "I am sorry it took me so long to say anything."
Castiel rolled his eyes, then passed Dean the bong. "You need to relax." He shot him a smirk, watching Sam fold himself down by Gabriel. After a moment, he sighed. "They don't taste like peaches," He finally confessed to Gabriel sadly. "Just fuzzy... molecules."
The lady frowned "there's one of those ridiculous fan expos in town. We're all full except for one room with one double and one twin bed"
Dean stared at Cas, mouth agape much like it was when he had opened the bathroom door at the wrong time the day before.
"Hello, Dean" Cas said simply.
Locking forests of green with oceans of blue, Dean swallowed all he was given. He didn't know what the word meant that Cas had moaned, but hearing it released something in him that screamed for more, and what was more he had made the uptight angel curse. He loved hearing the angel speak, rough, low in such a sexed out near growl. It went straight to his cock and he wished he could listen to it forever. He finished swallowing and batted his eyelashes. "Fuck, Cas. I could do that every day for the rest of my life."
Cas nodded and Dean went in, slamming the door back shut behind him.
Staring at the archangel, Sam watched him for a long moment. How was it that he could see his wings? He hadn't before... "I wanted to hate you. I tried too hard, but it..." He trailed off, and after a long moment, reached back towards Gabriel. "It never worked. I didn't understand it. What is this?" Reaching out he touched Gabriel's hand before letting himself lean into his massive wing a bit.
Looking over at his brother, Sam snorted softly in amusement. "You've definitely told me
Gabe smiled, "Could make you feel so much better than that Samsquach, fingers in your hair are nothing in comparison," he thought to himself looking up from the contented look on the taller man's face to suddenly see everyone looking slightly taken aback.
"You're the one showing them off..." Awed, Sam stroked his fingers over the feathers, unable to help himself. "They're beautiful. I didn't think they'd feel like this, Gabriel."
Gabe let out a cry of pure bliss, he'd been expecting it but he still jumped just a little at the heavenly contact. "Always bossy, Samsquach. You should know that. Fuck, just like that! Daddamn, lick my hole like you're trying to get to the middle of a tootsie pop!" the angel cursed, filthy things coming out of a mouth that was supposed to be holy.
"Does this text not say what I'm supposed to do? Like, do I just eat sweets until chuck submits? Oooh! Can I entangle him in my hair? I know!! Battle kazoos!! Gabe and I will play our battle kazoos!!" Blue mused, finally picking their kazoo back up at the end and playing it with zeal
Gabe kissed his mate like he'd never kissed another. Tongues fought for dominance for several moments before he broke it apart. They lay there, together, on the plush bed in embraced in each other. The sun was starting to rise over the ocean view outside "I wonder what Cassie and Dean-o got up to." Gabe said finally after a long pause. "We left them alone, and with the weed no less."
Arriving back at the hotel room he was surprised to find it empty. He went straight to the bathroom, stripping off his shirt on the way. He opened the door and found himself frozen in his tracks. Stepping out of the shower in a hair dishevelled, dripping wet, glorious display of naked bronze muscle was cas.
"What?" Dean asked
"Oh shit!" The tricksters said in perfect unison, butting out the joint and opening all the candy to try and make it smell more sweet and less like pot smoke.
The grace on his wrists eased and He threaded his fingers in cas's hair, guiding the punishing pace he knew the angel could take.
Dean didn't know how to respond to this information, how could he be worthy of being the soulmate of such a perfect being? "How? How can I be Cas? I'm just... me."
Dean looked up at Cas, "Yes, Sir," he said softly, but firmly, before opening up to suck the head of Cas's cock. Tongue swirling around it, before he flattened it and bobbed down, taking several inches into his throat. He looked up at Cas, a moan vibrating in his throat, and began bobbing his head at a steady pace
"I suspect that it's been in the works for ages, though it's my suspicion it was the love confessions that put it over the edge," he told him. "As for being Lucifer's vessel, you didn't choose to follow that path. What matters in life is our choices, the path we say not what someone tells us our destiny is. You chose free will." He stared intently into seas of sunflower hazel. "I'm only bottom in position, Samshine, Don't forget it," he added, planting a rough kiss on Sam's mouth. "Now cum in my ass, Winchester."
"I can't do this," he told her quietly.
Dean smiled to himself, running his hand through his hair. It was incredibly soft after the grace cleansing, and he made a mental note to ask Cas to help him with hair care if only to annoy Sam.
"But do tell us next time you roll one"
"I think it's working!!" Blue said turning toward Gabe, just then noticing Sam standing in the doorway in a silent fit of laughter.
"He never died, Sam," Gabe said quickly, "it was all an illusion and he never died. There was no pain, no afterlife, no death. You were in a simulation. It was like Trickster powered virtual reality. I didn't want to hurt you, I just was so focused on my cause. I see now how it must have felt to lose someone you loved, even if they didn't stay gone. It wasn't the right way to go about it and I'm sorry." He reached for Sam, not making contact, but letting his lover choose weather to reach back.
"Though I guarantee our meeting was better." Gabe noted
"I guess it's a good thing that chair was so fragile" dean laughed
"You like that huh? Like it when I manhandle you? What a good boy, take my cock so good" the new angle made it so every thrust hit Dean's prostate, making him see stars, he was soon coming with a yell, and Cas's hips stuttered and Dean felt his ass filled with warm cum. Cas pulled out and watched the white sticky fluid run out of dean "so pretty. Such a good boy. I was right to give you the nudge you needed"
"Anything that you want, Dean." He leaned over, kissing his mark on his neck. He glanced over at Gabriel and Sam, nibbling at his doughnut. "These are delicious. You should try one." Stealing Dean's coffee, Castiel sipped it. Hmmm... that was delicious too. He was going to be shown so many delicious things, he was certain. He was looking forward to it.
Dean buried his face in the crook of Cas's neck, moaning wantonly. He thrust into Cas's hand, and back onto his cock. Rolling his hips in a quick, needy motion. The angel had brought out something in him that had been building for years, and now he longed for more of his touch, never would he be able to get enough.
Dean looked Cas up and down and shook his head quickly, "Pass that bong back over here, I'm not high enough for this."
"You didn't seem to want to wake up so we started without you, we've gone to interview the witnesses, you take the last known locations"
Dean turned around to see three large men behind him, he recognized them from the missing posters.
"Shit, cas I'm gonna come," he said breathily
"Please don't stop. And next time remember sharing is caring." He finally managed to choke out
"You're incredible Cas," he told him moving towards the angel and running a finger down his chest "I want you. Now." He told him, reaching down and grasping his cock. "You're mine, my angel." He said, pumping it slow
Gabe let out a long breathy sound, somewhere between a moan and a sigh, that grew louder as it went, slowly turning into the words "oh fucking hell Sammoose you really are hung like one aren't you?" Followed by more moaning and more quietly, he added, "Fuck, even with two it wasn't that tight, you really are something kid."
"Cas tells me you say it's shifters." Sam finally said, breaking the silence.
Cas's voice was low, almost a growl. "good boy, now bounce." Dean did as he was told, the angel's rough calloused hands gripping his sides
Gabriel was fucking gorgeous, and Sam felt his mouth watering as he watched him. He hadn't even gotten soft, and... fuck. The feeling of his grace preparing him... "Yes, Gabe, please, I need your cock. I need to feel you fucking me." He reached for Gabriel, pulling him into a kiss, and knew it was because the smaller seeming angel allowed it. He licked into his mouth, tasting his cum there, candy, and something that was almost like lightning.
Castiel smiled, stroking his fingers through Dean's hair. He moved his wings a bit, watching him. "Hello, Dean." He'd spent the night holding him, just enjoying being able to watch his love and knowing that Dean cared as much in return.
Dean looked at Gabe with a slight frown. "I have one word going into this. Soundproofing."
Dean let out a small cry, almost like a squeak at Cas's overly dominant display. He was perfectly fulfilling every fantasy the hunter had had about the angel, and it was in a word, divine. He held onto the headboard, moaning slightly. "Thank you, Sir."
Dean looked at Cas, not even hearing Sam. "Now you're on the right track," he said then made a face, placing a finger over his mouth and opening it again. "I want to be on my knees with your cock down my throat." He clapped his hand over his mouth and made a choking sound, more words muffled by his hand, mostly indistinguishable except for "Up" and "Ass."
Kissing back hungrily, Gabe felt he couldn't keep Sam waiting any longer. He moved into position and pressed into the taller man slowly, enjoying the stretch of Sam around him, the warmth surrounding his member. Their foreheads pressed together and he took another kiss greedily as he bottomed out with a grunt, snapping his hips forward.
White knuckling the pillow now, Gabe pulled his face back just far enough that you could hear his words, "Oh, fuck! Stop teasing! Need your cock! Can't wait, please Sam!" The angel begged, squirming from the stimulation.
The bong was passed to Dean, and Castiel tilted his head at him. "You enjoy sex. Are you objecting because we are here? I have heard you discuss things with Sam before. Coitus is normal."
"Come on, darling, we have to get to this meeting" Gabe told them finally after letting them think for a moment.
Castiel's grace hummed close to the surface, and he focused on trying to build Dean's pleasure- The sounds he was making and the way he felt... He moaned, wrapping his hand around Dean's erection, slick with his oil He began to stroke, trying to time it with his thrusts.
Choking on the next hit he was taking, Castiel nearly dropped the bong. He stared at Dean, his blue eyes darkening. "Is that so? Do you want to be good for me, Dean?"
Reaching out, Castiel touched Dean's shoulder, flying them off to the hunter's room. He caught Dean to him, turning to press him against the bedroom door just as quickly. "Do you want this?"
Sweat and wing oil plastering his hair to his forehead, Dean gripped the angel's feathers with gently threaded fingers. His moans louder now, as he came completely undone under the angel. He lightly fisted his hands into the inky black feathers, careful not to hurt Cas, but still searching for something to hold on to.
The sensation had Sam crying out, and he could feel the precome from his cock against where it strained towards his belly. The wicked angel wanted him to think while he did that? "Fuck, yes... Haven't you known?" Apparently, he couldn't shut up. "Could have had me when we met... wished Dean wasn't there."
Gabe smirked around Sam's cock and only began working harder, bobbing his head in tandem with finger thrusts, hitting Sam's prostate just right every time like he had some kind of strange angels only ass location software. The grace snaked around Sam's balls and up his cock so it was covering him while Gabe sucked, it snaked its way up and teased at his nipples Gabe looked Sam in the eyes, mouth full of cock, and moaned. The vibration of it going through his dick into his core.
Looking over at his brother, Sam snorted softly in amusement. "You've definitely told me
Gabe moaned, a filthy porn worthy sound. Words in Enochian leaving his lips, broken by breathy pants. He was so close to the edge. He buried his face in Sam's hair, hips rolling in tandem with his lovers. He bit Sam's neck as he came, while growling a single word, "Mine."
They’re high-waisted, and cut low across the thigh, pale pink satin with black ribbons, little bows. There’s a giddiness in putting them on, they can’t be mistaken for anything other than what they are. He’d kept them folded inside an old pair of boxers, totally hidden, but now he can strut around his empty room just enjoying them. He can flop out on the bed he shares with Cas, and just enjoy wearing them. Wearing nothing but them.
“Thank you.”
If he could have him back? Yes.
, I know when someone’s sneaking up behind me.”
“Lemonade, iced coffee, or…” He checks his fridge. “Root beer?”
“No, really. You… you’ve come so far. You’ve built up so much muscle since you got out.”
It doesn't go well.
Which is exactly what Dean told him would happen, it’s exactly what he said, he said they shouldn’t do this, and he was fucking
“Last week. You were funny, I just didn’t-- I had to, um, I had to look up the Grateful Dead, and now I understand your joke. From last week. I get it.”
It’s Rowena who arranges everything, even though Dean does much of the leg work of helping Cas to move-- Rowena who drives him to get a shot of toradol, but at least Dean doesn’t go beyond helping him reach the car. Once they’re there, between Rowena and his cane he can get far enough to commandeer a wheelchair. Dean is back home with Tybalt, and Gabriel can help the two calm each other if necessary, Dean isn’t here to see how stiffly Cas moves, or hear the pained moans and whimpers as he braces himself against the exam table and lowers his pants enough for a shot in the hip.
Cas looks at him, expectant, and Dean’s mouth goes dry. Which is still the less embarrassing thing that happens to him, because this time, there’s no pretending the throb he feels has anything to do with what’s on screen.
Dean snorts and turns back to his work, and his body language makes it clear that the conversation is over for now, but Cas does catch him smiling down at the soil, when he turns towards him to ask if he wants to break for lunch. There’s a slight swagger to him as he heads for the sink to scrub that soil away.
Cas swallows, one hand leaving the wheel to give Dean’s shoulder a squeeze.
“Anywhere you-- How about the couch? I’ll bring you a glass of water, while we wait on the coffee. You did good work today, Dean. I really appreciate it.”
Dean is sitting on the living room floor, beside Jody’s stereo system-- he has headphones on, and Cas isn’t sure whether or not he’s relieved when he doesn’t hear him come in. He could take the box to the kitchen and make his exit without having to figure out how to interact with Dean here, whether it would be different, how awkward it might get. Only his shadow passes by Dean’s field of vision, making him startle-- his head whips around and he pulls the headphones off, and there’s a question in his eyes when he sees it’s Cas, but he comes down from that moment of fear, at least.
“I was not… terribly surprised by it. You were a pleasure to grab. And anyway… we’ve been saving each other.”
He’s fussing over the table when Sam arrives, looking half-frantic.
“I just, I don’t get why you couldn’t say
Dean can feel the shiver that runs through him when he does, the way his hands flex at Dean’s side, torn between giving him space to give his answer and digging in. Claiming him.
“No one’s open yet.” He shrugs. “You going to elaborate there, Cassie?”
He flips through the rest-- there’s a poem that reminds him of Dean, and there are statements from omegas themselves, in defense of their own masculinity-- not omegas hiding out as betas but those who just want to be seen for their whole, complex selves. He half finds himself wanting to pass it onto Dean, and half fears he could never.
Dean gives it-- a flicker of his own gaze down to Castiel’s mouth, a flutter of his eyelashes and a heavy-lidded gaze. Just the slightest tilt, leaving the last gap between them for Cas to bridge. As clear an invite as you could get.
Cas laughs, and does not point out that out of all of them, she’s the one with the most prior farm experience, the only one to have actually dealt with any part of the processing of any sort of livestock, and that while she’s protective of the flock of hens, she’s been completely unsentimental about the plan to dispatch of and eat any chicken that should happen to grow into a superfluous rooster.
“I don’t care if you show up in a bathrobe, just show up. You know, with how early you turned in, even you should be able to function at this hour.”
He snorts, shaking his head. “Yeah, right.”
It’s Dean who gets him into the house, gets him laid out on the couch. He’s on the verge of panic, and Cas is having a difficult time seeing past the shame, not to mention the physical pain, to offer any comfort.
And how wrong would he be? Just because Cas can’t imagine ever taking any course of action to hurt Dean, just because he’s so firmly against the idea of being slave to his own biology, because he holds himself to an even firmer standard than he does any of the alphas around him-- and any who work with the center are still held to quite the standard… is that any reason for Dean’s family to trust some alpha they don’t know from Adam with him? They don’t know what he’s like, not really. Maybe Cas has never done anything wrong, but he’s had thoughts, feelings… isn’t that bad enough?
“Your pita bread.” He says anyway, as he picks up a jar of honey in exchange. “Fresh as it gets. That went in the oven at the crack of dawn.”
“They Jerry Garcia fans?” Dean says, withdrawing a little into himself when Castiel doesn’t react correctly.
“Honestly.” Cas rolls his eyes, but Gabriel knocks lightly into his side, wrapping an arm around him to keep him from unbalancing, and he can’t bring himself to complain with much vigor. Not as they step out the back door and their little slice of paradise spreads out ahead of them, summer crops in their full glory, fall’s fruits lining up for their turn… Rowena’s black and white speckled chickens scattering around the grass between the young trees and the coop hunting for bugs, bringing even more life to the place.
“Hardly.”
Dean goes limp, with his head on Cas’ knee, shoulders heaving with one silent sob before going still again.
“Well.” He swallows. Leans back against the wall. “Guess this time he outdrew me.”
“Okay, well, you’re… an asshole, for believing in us like that.” Dean says, but his arms had unfolded through that speech and his hands are on Cas’ cheeks. “And you gotta stop with the speechifying. Only so much of that a man can take.”
“Well… that’s not something I would have recommended. It’s not something I’m
“No one’s gonna hire a guy without a driver’s license to fix cars. Besides, how many omega mechanics do you know?”
“You’re Dean’s brother!” She bounces over, leaving her computer just briefly. “Welcome to the team! Definitely ask me if you need
It’s Thursday when Cas’ phone buzzes, Dean’s name-- and little seedling emoji-- lighting up his screen, and any calm he’s managed to regain over the last two days vanishes.
“Don’t.”
Male omegas, according to his father, weren’t marriage material. If you had one that you kept on the side, you’d take advantage of his heat cycle and legitimize any offspring as being through a ‘surrogate’, and he’d be his own child’s wet-nurse before handing it over to your wife because it would have a better life that way, as one of a rich alpha’s heirs… it would have been a disgusting enough way to look at a person even if one of his own sons hadn’t been essentially breeding stock by that token. If it hadn’t been for Lucifer, and then Castiel, Gabriel likely would have been brokered into surrogacy with another family in their social sphere. He’d have had the same comforts he was raised with, a place in a pack, with the same lack of freedom he’d always bucked against… he’d have had some measure of security, but he would have hated it.
“Pretty big turnaround from this morning.”
to be ruled by my instincts, even the ‘good’ ones. I don’t want to… I never want to lose control again the way that I did on my last raid. That… I don’t want that to be me. I
“I see.” Cas’ eyes crinkle up at the corners, a light in his eyes that does something to Dean’s heart, something like the opposite of what almost happened to it only a day ago. “Well that is something to look forward to.”
“I guess not. He won’t bother you out in the garden, but there won’t be any fur in the air to worry about, when you come through the house.”
In the center’s main all-purpose room, people are milling around, some with nametags or ID badges. There’s a refreshment table, a mix of people who work at the center, people he vaguely knows who don’t work for them, but sometimes work with them, and then the people they’re here to serve.
“I understand that, too.”
The little sound Cas makes when his hand first closes around his dick is…
“Just?” Cas smiles and squeezes his hand.
“You’re not supposed to apologize for getting your ass beat. Dammit, Cas, you-- you’re apologizing to me? When I’m the reason he pulverized you so bad?”
It would sound… Dean might misconstrue, it could make him uncomfortable. Cas thinks it’s safe to call them friends, and Dean is more a freelance worker that he has an arrangement with than he is employee, perhaps, but… whatever murky grey area their relationship exists in, between friendship and work.
“Doesn’t change that it’s still your name on that record.”
“Mm. Jody and I used to set up the course together, when the team was first forming. We’d take turns holding the stopwatch and running the course.” A wistful smile overtakes him. “It was ‘pretty cool’. There are parts of it I don’t think I could still do-- or, I shouldn’t try to. But there are parts I think I still could… I let myself forget, how much I liked that part of it. The team bonding as much as the workout. Jody making sure everyone stayed hydrated, Cesar making a competition out of it whenever he spotted someone starting to flag, knowing it would fire the rest of the team back up and keep them in a good mood… He’s retired now, but you would have liked him, I think. He and his mate run a ranch now.”
Sometimes, at the farmers’ market, someone will lean over the table, and he’ll let the scent waft his way, not sure if he’s hoping for or against that strange familiarity.
Cas hesitates a moment, and then nods. “Perhaps it will be… recuperative.”
“Later. Should I call Jody?”
“Any time, any place.” Dean promises, and he waits until Cas moves off of him, before he turns to look at him, to take in his face at last. Tired out from letting himself be vulnerable, but not teary, not wobbling with the need to break down. He looks the way Dean usually feels after therapy sessions nowadays-- rough, sure, but… able to deal. “My turn to get my hands on you? Uh, respectfully speaking.”
“Not just meat. But mostly it’s meat.” He nods, and he follows Dean into the kitchen, watching him unpack the box and set to putting everything away. “I don’t know-- If there’s anything you particularly like, I can pass along the request?”
“Better, without me. You didn’t need me coming home all messed up, so… I’d probably still feel that way if it wasn’t for all these guys. They’ve, um… they’ve put a lot in me, you know? Cas, too.”
more of it than he hasn’t. It’s just that there’s so much he’s never allowed himself, and he’s hungry for it.
“Yes.” Cas sounds a little breathless, and that earthy side to his scent is stronger, less like it might disappear. “I like… I like when you
“Outing you?” Cas guesses. Without the telltale scent coming through, a stranger could easily take Dean for a beta, especially when he’s at ease and making politely flirtatious conversation with female beta and omega shoppers. His height and the span of his shoulders. There’s some delicacy to his features, but it’s well-balanced. Cas has met one or two omegas taller than Dean, but they’ve been slender and willowy in a way Dean isn’t. The fact that Dean could pass isn’t new information, but the realization that he’s actively trying to…
“Yeah, but he needs me alive.”
“You’ve got some pretty cool friends.” She says.
“I would never take advantage of Dean, no matter where he might be in regards to a heat cycle.” Cas squares his shoulders, stands up straighter than his spine is used to-- though it feels good to let his spine lengthen out a little, for once. “But… I’ve offered him his choice of any room he want to sleep in here.”
He gives himself a couple strokes first to show Cas what he means, spreads around the slick he’s starting to leak in order to make the action smoother, and then he takes his own hand away.
“Cas?”
“You got a lot to be proud of, too. In case you don’t hear that enough.” He reaches back again, to squeeze Cas’ leg.
He’d had to give Sam The Talk, that had gone okay. Of course, he didn’t have to teach Sam what masturbation was, and he never walked into a scene like this, he just sat him down after his first shaving lesson and set out some basic safety and etiquette rules and when things got unbearable, they just yelled ‘good talk’ and sat on opposite ends of the motel room, where Dean drank a stolen beer and Sam drank a Coke and they spent the rest of the evening not looking at each other.
“Stay.” Dean whispers, resting their foreheads together. “Stay with me.”
“Then I’m gonna.” Dean tucks his face into the crook of Cas’ neck, laps at the scent gland once, twice, like he needs to get past the neutralizing effect of his soap. “You  know the job, and you know me… you and Jodes and Donna can’t all be wrong.”
If he had Cas before him now, if Cas walked through the door and laid it all out there and lived, what would he say to him? I love you, but not like that? I do love you, but I can’t see myself with you? Is that even true?
“It’s okay, bud, he’s okay.” Dean promises, rubbing Tybalt’s ears. “Promise. I wouldn’t let anything happen, you can trust me.”
When they get to the house, Tybalt is quick to leave his chair-- he gives ankles a wide enough berth, but once they’re on the couch, he’s worming his way into Cas’ lap even as Cas and Dean curl into each other.
So much for comforting… so this is it. Dean has plans. Plans with his real family. Much as Cas doesn’t want to face those facts, he owes it to Dean to listen to him, he can’t bury his head in the sand until the day Dean’s gone. He owes that to himself, too, to be as prepared as he can be. And it’s not as if they couldn’t be in touch, maybe… maybe Dean could text him movie recommendations, or bands to listen to, and they could talk about those things long-distance. He could send pictures of the farm and of Tybalt, and get pictures of Dean at home, settling into his dream career…
“Yeah, I guess the last unit in this pet-friendly place got snatched up, so… We were gonna check it out Monday, instead he’s just gonna come over here and look at the place when he picks me up. He’s gonna want a dog, though. All that space for one… he’s always wanted a dog.”
“Maybe. Yeah, no, of course-- I just…”
“Wait, really?”
That’s not exactly what happened-- he’d had to scrap an attempt at recreating the omelette he’d taken notes on, and Tybalt had complained about the smell, and the beeping from the smoke alarm with reproachful green eyes, and so after throwing the kitchen window open, Cas and Dean had had sandwiches and lemonade out on the porch, with Tybalt content to watch the birds from Cas’ side.
“Dean? You’re safe. You had a nightmare.”
“Popcorn and cocoa, you know how to plan a movie night. You got yourself a deal, handsome, just let me overhaul your lumbar region.”
“Cas, you did what you did for him, he knows that, hell, I know that. You know that. He’s just gonna be glad to have you back.” Sam pats his shoulder.
Cas smiles. “How are you?”
In the end, Dean is thrilled to help him knock down the fence, thrilled to get tools in his hand and set to work fixing up the chicken coop, while Cas helps Gabriel and Rowena move into the house-- rather, he drives back and forth across town a hundred times with a full truck bed.
Sam, surprisingly, fills most of his plate with the salad, forgoing the barbecue chicken entirely. Dean’s plate looks like the exact inverse, a lot of meat, some potato salad, and absolutely nothing green. Cas has given Gabriel a plate with some of everything, but he’s not exactly surprised when his brother is just picking strawberry pieces and cucumber slices out of the salad and leaving the rest.
“I mean, we won’t talk about this later, because friends… don’t. And we’re not mentioning any of this in front of Sam!”
“That’s right. Figure if that’s the business model works for drug dealers, it’s
“I think so. You and I will go at the same time, all right? I’ll walk you through all of it.”
Cas laughs softly, and brings Dean’s hand up to his lips. “
And then Cas turns and kisses him, and then…
“I… yeah.” Cas nods, and nuzzles at his neck, hands warm and gentle on his waist, as he soaks in the idea for a moment before rolling away just enough to let Dean get his pants off. “I don’t want you to go in the other room if you’re more comfortable here.”
“I won my share of them. Though nowadays my competitive side mostly comes out over board games with Gabriel.”
“Second.” He shakes his head. “But my first in a long time.”
“What was the other P?”
“Whoa, do what? That’s a big negatory, Sammy, we are not taking Cas out there like this.”
Sam stared at Gabriel, considering. He was a hell of a lot more than married, it seemed, to the Archangel Gabriel. He was spending the rest of his life with this at times spiteful, occasionally rude, creative, passionate, beautiful being... Sam felt like his heart was soaring. He'd be terrified later at the thought of watching civilizations fall. Dean had to be too, Sam realized, with his Profound bond with Castiel. "Dean is too?" He asked after a moment. Call him codependent, he wanted his big brother. It might not be the reaction that Gabriel expected, but he did have to check before he went on with anything else...
"Light another one, this is intense but I have a feeling you've uh, read worse."
Gabe had a devilish smirk on his face as he chewed the doughnut he'd retrieved from the box, but refused to input anything on the subject, figuring if he kept silent he wasn't really breaking any promises.
Dean looked up at him, feeling himself flush
Sam laughed, but Dean just stared. Unsure of how to react to the situation.
Dean stood a moment after and started towards the door, but looked at the others
Dean obliged, hovering his grace opened hole just above the angel's massive cock. He lined it up and sank down with a moan
The island was beautiful, vines passed by covered in blue and green flowers, the lush foliage rustling with the wind of Gabe's wings. Huge butterflies passed by, and fuzzy bumblebees the size of one's head. A baby monkey sat eating a mango by a rushing waterfall as they made their way overhead. "You'll be the first human to ever set foot on this island, no one else seemed worth bringing" Gabe responded, in an offhanded way
Dean turned and looked at Cas, who was already laying in the bed.
Dean knew he was right. "Fine" he grumbled, flopping down on the double, still in his jeans "good night then"
"I don't normally do this but my apartment is only 2 blocks from here"
---------------♡---------------
Gabe moaned his thrusts becoming more erratic and faster. He gripped Sam's hair, desperate to cling to something. His orgasm building, coiling within him. He smacked the crop against Sam again, then against his own ass for good measure. "I love you, you own me too." He moaned, his voice low with lust and pleasure
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Reaching out, Castiel touched Dean's shoulder, flying them off to the hunter's room. He caught Dean to him, turning to press him against the bedroom door just as quickly. "Do you want this?"
"Why didn't you say anything?" Gabe asked, licking his way slowly down Sam's torso again. "This could have happened years ago." He dragged his tongue down past Sam's abs and down the left side of the "v" of his hips. Stopping at the massive cock leaking before him "You're just huge everywhere aren't you, Sammoose?" He asked with a wicked smirk, before swallowing the hunter down whole.
"You wanna get out of here?" She asked him
Dean's mouth was gorgeous, stretched around his cock. His perfect lips were reddened and swollen, and the angel was caught staring at him. His beautiful hunter, kneeling before him looking blissful as he worked him. "Do you want my come, Dean? In your mouth, your ass?" He gasped raggedly.
"Hey Gabe" blue said picking back up the bonbons and their kazoo
"Bed. Now." He ordered him, firmly
Cas fumbled through the bag, finally locating the colourful sweets. He reached forward to hand them to dean. Dean reached back, blindly for his snack, grabbing what he meant to be the package, but instead, he felt Cas's warm hand in his. He flushed again in horror, as his mind went back to the dreams.
The sounds coming from Cas's mouth were like music to Dean, better than any of his Cassettes. Knowing he was causing such a holy being to make such filthy sounds gave him a high, and he knew he would never get enough. He massaged Cas's balls, tongue flat against the thick vein on the underside of Cas's erection, licking firmly up and down it. His lips passed over the sensitive head of Cas's cock and he tongued at the slit, then quickly bobbed back down, taking in several inches deep within his throat. It would seem for the experience Cas lacked Dean made it up and more. Moaning roughly, causing deep rumbling vibrations he fucked Cas in his throat, taking care of the bit of him unreached by mouth or throat with his eager hands.
Cas's kiss snapping him out of the mini trance that he was in at the taste of the wing oil, Dean fluttered his lashes "please, Sir. Need your cock, Sir. Need it so bad it aches, Sir." And it did ache, he figured Cas must have pulled some angel shit because he was almost painfully hard and leaking again already. "Please, Sir," he said again
Gabe reached for Sam's hair, almost like it was a comfort item. "Oh, Samshine, angel grace is a very fun thing to play with. Can make the most pleasurable of experiences seem like chewing tinfoil in comparison, I can make you cum with a thought, beg with a look, and come completely undone at a single touch. If you're still not sold I should tell you that angels don't have gag reflexes."
"How many of you are there?" He questioned moving towards her, weapon clutched in hand
Castiel stood from the bed, stretching for a long moment before he reached for his clothes. One moment he was picking his pants up, the next he was wearing his usual outfit. "Okay, coffee. Would you like me to go get you some?"
--------------♡-------------
"It was all that was left" Dean explained opening the door
"Dean..." Rumbling his name, Castiel's fingers tightened in Dean's hair. The things that he was doing to him, how he felt... On his knees, worshiping his cock like this, Dean was gorgeous, and Castiel couldn't stop himself from rocking ever so slightly into his hunter's perfect mouth.
Prayers... Hell, he didn't care. Sam bit his lower lip again, wanting to fuck himself desperately on Gabriel's grace, on his fingers, but he didn't have that freedom. Instead, he was guiding him in a way he'd never done for a human partner. He'd never been able to, they couldn't handle him like Gabriel was. "Fuck, your tongue, Gabriel, that's so fucking good," He rasped.
It began steaming and they both got up and started jogging around the room wafting the sweet cocoa scented steam around the room.
"Suit yourself," Gabe said, shoveling a handful of peaches into his mouth and plopping down on the floor cross-legged before taking the bong. "As for the riding crop, consider it... wishful thinking," he added with a grin, a small bit of peachy drool running down his chin. He finished chewing and lit the bowl again, noticing but not really caring that it seemed not to have burned away at all.
"I sensed there was something going on with you months ago. I started giving you the dreams to see how long it'd take you to admit it, of course being a Winchester your will is strong. I can suggest a topic, and begin your dreams but your mind forces it's way through and changes them midway"
Gabe quirked an eyebrow and suddenly Sam's arms were up at the headboard, wrists bound to it by grace, sending warmth up his arms and into his chest. The grace around his cock buzzed with vigor, and Gabe pounded into him, brushing against his prostate in this new position, the riding crop smacked him again as Gabe moaned loudly.
Dean laughed, "Cute, cas." He adored seeing his angel enjoying things, the candy, sex, weed. Anything that made him happy Dean wanted to give it to him. He never wanted Cas to have another thought of sadness, loneliness, or heartbreak. He lay his head on Cas's chest, feeling the hum of his power, and gently closed his eyes
Happily putting the ring on Sam, Gabe stood. "Yup. The very last one. Even if it was a blue one. We should get back though." He took Sam's hand and soon they were laying back on Gabe's bed. Gabe held Sam close, wrapping them both in his wings, warm and cozy. "It's late. Sleep now, Samshine."
He took a deep breath and layed down
Wrapping himself around the angel, Sam was basically held where the blond wanted him just by how he'd bent him. Even so, he wasn't going anywhere, still ensnared by Gabriel's grace. Not that he was going anywhere. Gabriel might have thought Sam's prayers were filthy before, but now they were sheer need, raw desire for Gabriel.
"Gabe?"
"Omg, I don't know!" They responded cracking open the jar and eagerly grabbing out one of the bright blue candies. They popped it in their mouth and picked up the kazoo and gave it a blow.
Cupping Dean's face, he stroked his cheek. "Exactly. Dean, you see yourself so negatively- you are so much more than what you see in yourself." He kissed him softly. "You have fought your entire life to take care of the ones that you love, you work incredibly hard to make the right decision out of love." He kissed him softly. "Dean, you are the brightest soul that I have ever seen."
Humming his approval at Gabriel. Sam slid his fingers back up to gather more oil. He took a moment to tease the small feathers at the base of his wings. When he felt Gabriel clench around his tongue, he moaned, letting the sound vibrate through his mouth to stimulate him all the further.
"Wow, drinking like that can only be for one of two things. Celebration, or silencing your thoughts. Which is it sugar?" She asked placing a hand on his thigh
"When I felt your dick against my ass last night I knew neither of us would last much longer fighting it," Cas told him "I was done with my experiment. We both needed it to end"
The vibrations rang through Gabe, settling in his core. He thrust his hips back against Sam, urging him silently to continue. "Oh, fuck Sam. Get in there, lick me open like a jelly doughnut."
"Okay, then do two!"
Dean stared "well, still. Good thing it broke."
Gabe had never heard such perfect words in his life, the hardly had time to process before Sam's ass tightened around him and the scream of pleasure went straight to his cock, just two more thrusts later he was filling Sam's tight hole with rope after rope of hot cum, crying out roughly as he did so, fingers still wrapped in Sam's hair.
Dean opened the door to the motel room.
"What happened?"
XXXXXXXXXXXX
Stroking his fingers through Dean's hair, Castiel's eyes were hot. Judging by Dean's past pornography choices, he made a decision. "Look at you, so eager to be good for me." He trailed his thumb along Dean's lower lip, pushing his thumb past his lips. "Go ahead and lick me, Dean. Get me wet to slide past those pretty lips of yours."
Sam shook his head
"He has to teach me how to taste the peach!" Shaking his head, Castiel looked at his brother, grabbing one of the fuzzy fruits.
"I'll just sit here, and wait for morning. I can watch over you both that way" Cas said, moving towards the chair. But when he sat it made a splintering sound, and the seat sank down deep, then all of a sudden he was on the ground.
Dean felt his cock leap at the angel's offer of head; he'd been wanting to fuck the holy tax accountant ever since he walked into that barn, and here they were, naked in bed, Cas kissing his way down Dean. Dean watched with hooded lids as Cas sucked mark after mark into him. "Please, Sir," he breathed, "Please, suck my cock, Sir."
"Mm. You know, you could have just asked me to go see Elvis in Vegas," He teased the angel, finishing off his drink and setting the glass to the side. "I like that... but I can't promise to always handle it well." Suddenly, Gabriel's actions made a lot more sense.
Castiel's eyes sparkled at the honorific, almost glowing with his grace. His wings flared in dominance, and he could feel his wing oil flowing down his back. Not wanting to delay further, he ducked his head and swallowed Dean down to the root- after all, he had no need to breathe, and why would an angel need a gag reflex?
Humming his pleasure at Dean's little loss of control, Castiel slipped his hand back, gathering some of his running wing oil in his fingers. Spreading it over Dean's entrance, he slipped a finger inside.
Dean grumpily returned to the car and moved it in front of the room they'd been assigned. They all piled out and grabbed their bags.
Tasting himself on Cas's tongue, still shaking with after-effects of orgasm Dean moaned at the flavor. His angel, so sinful. All his. He pressed his tongue into Cas's mouth, exploring the now saltier crevices. Dean's mouth still tasted of Cas, and the flavors mixed in a beautiful blend, creating a perfect harmony.
Diving down in one swoop, Cas swallowed dean down to the hilt, angels it would seem did not have gag reflexes. He hummed in contentment around Dean's dick. Sucking and bobbing his head happily. He flattened his tongue on the vein on the underside of Dean's cock as Dean lay with legs splay wide
"Focus on the task at hand"
"Oh." Cas responded then added, "dreams again?"
"I never told you about him," Dean said, reaching to his belt where he kept his knife
"Fuck, Gabe, I'm..." Biting his lower lip, Sam felt his body tensing further. His fingers and the prostate stimulation was just continuing and building him higher. "I'm going to come, please, please-"
When he awoke the sun was setting. He instinctively clutched his head, feeling the dried blood. He was definitely going to enjoy killing these things.
"Dean and cas wanted to have some kind of meeting in the war room. Are you two going to be able to focus on it?"
Gabe let out small cries with every thrust, the position allowed him to feel Sam in him deeper than before, and he wouldn't have it any other way. Deep fast and hard had always been a favorite of Gabriel's, and with Sam, it was just on a whole other level.
Gabe looked over at Sam and quirked an eyebrow. "They're gone now. So, you liked my description before. Okay, Samilicious let's try it out for real then." Gabe crashed into Sam in a passionate kiss, all tongue, and teeth, and moaned into his mouth tasting the peaches on his tongue.
Letting his lover show him the rhythm that he wanted, Castiel moaned. He could tell that he was driving Dean wild, and he only wanted more. He wanted to taste him, to have the hunter's seed coat his mouth and chest. Adding a third finger, he concentrated on fucking him in time with the way his mouth worked Dean's cock.
Gabe buried his face in the pillow again, muffling his shouts. Lifting his hips off the bed he thrust into Sam's mouth, fucking himself on the hunter's tongue he never had been good at being patient, and Sam brought out the worst of that. Moving just right, his contact just so. Every touch somehow awakened something within Gabe that he'd never felt. Not within millennia of being no, there was something about Sam Winchester that was different, something deeper.
"Well, its a regular kazoo, only we play them worse, samshine." Gabe answered with a grin
Castiel cried out, his finger tugging at his hair a little. He could feel his orgasm building, and he struggled to hold still. "Yes, fuck, Dean!" His eyes glowed, the snap of his power filling the room as Dean brought him to orgasm. He filled Dean's mouth with his come, his name in Enochian escaping him.
Moaning as Gabriel took him over, Sam caught the angel to him. He was determined to give as good as he got, and he was damn glad they were already on the floor, considering. When their lips parted, Sam stared at Gabriel before kissing him again. He needed more.
"I'm just not in it" he responded
"Don't bother fighting it. It's grace holding you, you can't break it" Cas told him absentmindedly while stripping off his shirt. He then leaned in towards Dean placing a rough kiss on his mouth. Dean began to feel a warm tingling sensation running down his body. It stopped at his crotch then began vibrating, dean cried out.
Castiel watched him, tilting his head as he considered him, then took the bong back from Dean, taking a large hit himself. "You would prefer to be having sex yourself."
Dean had given up on trying to stop from talking. "Yes, Sir. Please, Sir. Been waiting since the barn, can't take it any fucking longer"
Sam tilted his head a bit as he looked at his brother. Hearing his brother exclaim his love was definitely a change, but it was definitely a good change. Hell, he was even sharing his food.
Laughing, Sam shot Gabriel a smirk, reaching for the bong. "Is that so, Gabriel?" He took a toke, his hazel eyes bright. He exhaled, passing the bong to Gabriel since Castiel seemed to be lost in the peach he was eating. "Tell me how."
Dean stopped in his tracks "there obviously is" he said "we're not leaving"
"There was that whole Trickst-" The hunter cut off, his body straining against the grace he was being held with. He cried out, the sound more like a scream as the heat of Gabriel's mouth- his throat- fuck! He moaned, not even thinking about being quiet.
"You know that won't work, Dean." Sam said "I kick hard enough that you'll be sore before the case even gets going"
Dean sighed, the pressure being let off his painfully erect cock was a relief. "Oh, fuck Cas. That sounds better than heaven." He paused, and then quietly added. "I really am yours, you know. I've been yours since you pulled me up from downstairs." He stared into Cas's eyes, looking stricken at his own confession, awaiting a response.
Sam turned off the light "goodnight" he told them, rolling over and closing his eyes
Gabe rooted through his belongings, never one to keep things all that tidy. "I know they're here somewhere." He said detaching a cherry sucker from a riding crop and popping it in his mouth. "'S just a matter of where." He moved a pair of silk boxers and heard a rustle. "Aha!" He half-shouted, pulling out his prize "Want some?"
If Sam wasn't sure that Gabriel knew what the hell he was talking about, he'd have told him no, stretched him longer, but Gabriel wasn't exactly human. He gathered more wing oil, slicking his cock with it before he moved to push inside. He swore softly as Gabriel's body almost seemed to pull him inside, and he cried out. "Gabriel, fuck..."
"Their possible abilities. There is no knowing what avenues of power that might be harnessed with some training. We're looking at uncharted territory and a whole new species with untapped..."
"I'm going to let the rest of the grace go so you can ride me," Cas told him matter of factly.
Beginning to thrust at a torturous speed Gabe fucked into Sam, slow and exaggerated. He was definitely drawing this out on purpose now, Sam's begging was music to him, better than any chorus and he wanted more.
"Dean, where did you go?" Cas began, stopping when he saw the state dean was in
Sam licked his suddenly dry lips, feeling his skin heating from the way the archangel's honeyed gaze trailed over him. "I... want you to do what you said earlier. I want you to suck me like one of those damn lollipops, and I want those two the hell out of this room."
"Are you not going to sit down?" Cas questioned him
Dean opened his eyes and slapped his alarm clock in annoyance
The autumn breeze blew softly, ruffling his short spiky hair as it did, Dean looked into those familiar sky blue eyes adoringly. "I love you Cas, I always will"
Gabe bobbed his head up and looked Sam in the eyes, mouth still full of cock. He flattened his tongue against the vein on the underside of Sam's dick and swallowed him down again, moving his tongue as he pulled back up bobbing his head, and massaging Sam's balls in his hand, swirling his tongue around the tip when he came near to pulling off, and moaning on the way down, getting more rough as he had Sam in his mouth to the root. As he popped off the end he grinned "Mmmm you taste good. What's this about Trickster, now?"
Castiel watched him, tilting his head as he considered him, then took the bong back from Dean, taking a large hit himself. "You would prefer to be having sex yourself."
"For a walk, couldn't sleep"
Gabe smirked "Oh, yeah Sammich? And what else did you have in mind?"
Dean moved a little to adjust the extremely tight lump in his pants, and began doing as he was told. He kitten-licked the tip of Cas's cock, then licked from the slit down to his balls and up again. Flattening his tongue he trailed it up the vein that ran up the underside of Cas's dick, going slow as to tease the angel. He teased the head in small circles, swirling to drive him crazy. All the while watching Cas through his lashes, observing his reactions.
Gabe snapped his fingers and they were in a room with a big open window, on a gigantic plush bed. Their positions had switched again so they were face to face with Gabe on the bottom, wings splayed in a gorgeous display across the massive room. They were still intertwined, but it was clear Gabe was pressing the "pause" button. "Now, you listen to me, Sam Winchester. You are so much more than you give yourself credit for. You've saved the world how many times? You always find a way to save day, even if it fucks your life up in the end. You're selfless, you're loving, you're kind, you're caring. You've literally sold your soul for those you love. Just you? Baby, 'just you' is who I love." He trailed off, "See the wings... smell the oil.. taste the oil.." Looking Sam dead in the eye he added, "Sam. 'Just you' is my soulmate."
Gabe was in ecstasy, now it was his turn to be making guttural moans and inhuman cries much like Sam had been. Fuck, for never having laid hands on an angel wing the kid was a natural! He ground against the bed, desperate for friction, his cock hard and leaking precum.
On the other side of the motel door Sam waited with the coffee.
"Wouldn't bother. Everywhere else will be full up. We're not exactly people's first choice"
Going limp on the bed, Sam hummed with pleasure. Sure, he could barely breathe, but he felt fucking amazing. He felt incredibly close to the angel in a way that felt different, more... He closed his eyes, letting himself just float there. This was perfect... and something inside of him fucking loved the marks on his body and just being filled with his come.
"Morning, Dean. Sleep well?" Cas greeted him
"Mm? I said that you smell amazing." Stroking his hands up Gabriel's back, Sam made a soft noise as he coated his fingers in oil. "It's this, isn't it?" He raised his slick fingers to his mouth, licking them. The taste of Gabriel exploded over his tongue, and Sam's eyes darkened.
"Perhaps I won't then," he mumbled standing up and dusting himself off
Spending his days staring at Dean Winchester usually occupied Castiel for hours on end- he had been staring at the human since he pulled him from hell. That being said, watching Dean Winchester tear his shirt off and then work on his car, however... well. It was fine, right up until he'd made some quip about someone in the backseat. Where he'd had Anna- not wanting to examine that little annoyance, he'd walked through the Bunker, trying to find his brother. Spotting him, he raised a brow. "Cannabis, Gabriel?"
Sam nearly growled, kissing Gabriel. He had to as he started to move again. He'd bicker about Gabriel reading his mind later. Either way, he couldn't deny how much the blond's dominance turned him on. The angel was right, in some intrinsic way that the hunter couldn't explain. He just met him perfectly, completely a puzzle Sam hadn't even realized was there until the archangel came along and made it whole- made
And then there’s the catalyst for all of this. Castiel. The man, angel, celestial being, whatever, that left a mark and created a bond so strong with Dean to the point he can no longer ignore the way he aches for his companionship. There's no more pretending that what Dean feels is trivial. The hope he once had that his desire for unbridled connection with Cas would vanish the longer he fought or ignored is not only null and void, but something Dean isn't sure he even wants to come to fruition anymore.
The angel’s eyes flash an icy blue hue while the humid and charged air between them only seems to thicken. Castiel reaches forward, pinching the top button of Dean’s flannel in his fingers. Dean breathes heavily as he watches Castiel’s thin digits undo the shirt he’s wearing with precision. After the final, bottom button is free, Dean shrugs out of the flannel and tries to toss the item of clothing away only for Cas to intercept. Without a word, he shakes out the somewhat rumpled shirt and shifts to spread it on the grass directly behind Dean. “Lay back, Dean.”
Dean smirks momentarily at the unintended innuendo.
“Seems a little cocky, don’t you think?” Dean quips with a smirk, enjoying the easy banter that works to cloak any lingering anxiety.
“That’s hardly the reaction I was hoping for.” The angel groans. “Where’s your Christmas spirit, Dean?” He questions earnestly.
“My mother would probably be disappointed but I’m going to go with the dessert before dinner option,” Dean nods with an uncharacteristically shy smirk.
“Cas,” he says, not truly looking for a response.
is Grandma Beth?”
With nothing but an eye roll, Cas turns toward the counter to dish up the homemade pie. As he watches Cas move methodically around the kitchen, his mind drifts to thoughts of his mother. He wonders what she might say if she found her first son in this predicament—afraid to honor his love of someone fully. He’d like to think she’d be a little pushy and progressive like Sam. He always did take after her whereas Dean saw himself as John’s prodigy. His shadow, always trying to measure up to the broad stature and harsh edges that made his father one of the greatest hunters. Years ago, Dean could say, without an ounce of hesitation, that he was following in his dad’s footsteps, but now? Things were different.
The hunter swallows but nods his OK, inching closer. About a foot in front of Cas, Dean moves to lower himself to the ground, his bottom connecting with the somewhat dewy grass, legs crossing to mimic that of a pretzel. He suddenly feels silly realizing he’s sitting like a kindergartener at storytime eager to find out what the teacher is going to read today. Cas, on the other hand, looks both gentle and stoic. Dean feels like a mere peasant who has been honored with a face-to-face meeting with a damn deity.
The hunter’s heart and chest expand at the gesture, still so taken aback by the constant consideration Cas doesn’t think twice about offering up. Although Dean heard the command, his need to kiss the angel is stronger. The noise of surprise he evokes from Cas when he draws him in for a brief but hard peck is worth the moment of semi-disobedience.
encourage the hunter’s arousal.
Dean’s eyebrows just about reach his hairline.
“You’ve been taught to see this,
Dean’s chest clenches, and for the first time in hours, it’s from pain rather than anger. He doesn’t want to be a burden, someone Cas has to coddle and care for or tiptoe around. He knows it was silly to think he could bury and camouflage his wounds and live happily ever after, but for once he had hope. He had hope that his damaged and trauma-riddled being and brain could take a backseat to what he and Cas have. Oh, how foolish he was to think for even a second that he could outsmart, outrun what apparently everyone but Dean knew was coming.
“They’ll all really like that.”
“Jerk.” Sam laughs.
Deep breath. Start over.
“Well, it
With the fight behind them, with Chuck out of the picture and Jack ascended unto the heavens or whatever, Dean had stopped clinging to much of anything. A single moment of joy at seeing the world full again, or at least satisfaction. A genuine smile, when Sam had gotten that first confused post-Chuck text from Eileen. He’d clapped him on the shoulder and said ‘go get ‘er, tiger’ and been happy for him, sent him off to see her, and when Sam got back…
“Sure.” Dean’s smile is warm and makes Cas feel all fuzzy around the edges, a feeling that only intensifies when Dean leans in and ducks his head to plant a kiss on Cas’ chin-- avoiding a liplock in front of his brother, perhaps, but making sure the gesture is unmistakable.
Castiel nods. “It is. The apple, too. Not the bees, I mean, the trees. That one’s a ‘gold rush’, but I grow a couple of varieties. If I had more space, I’d probably try more varieties… but of course, if I had more space, I’d… have to take care of it all, and I’d get in over my head.”
“Now what?”
Garth waits until Dean gestures to him, before taking over.
“I’m sorry I don’t really know how to talk to people…”
bacon, which is a level of love he thought he’d never get.
Now, he’s weak. Helpless. Useless. Maybe he wasn’t ever going to need to physically defend Dean, but at least they had some illusions, that he still
“Cas…”
“My brother isn’t coming back. It’s been ten years, I… No, I’m just here to give someone else the help that I wish he could have gotten.”
Maybe he knows every single thing Dean likes because he’s been in him so deep, which only really sounds dirty when he puts it that way, only really sounds sexy because this is all going on while he and Cas are barely pretending to watch porn together and he doesn’t know if this is a ‘relationship’ exactly, maybe it’s just two guys who occasionally say things about each other’s worth and jack each other off and face the forces of Heaven and Hell for each other but don’t slap a label on it or kiss or nothing.
He nods, and Cas leaves the very cozy clinch they’d been in to move to the other side of the bed. It’s a tight fit for the two of them, but Dean doesn’t think he’s going to mind. They settle under the covers, facing each other in the dark, and Dean’s hand spreads over Cas’ chest. A heartbeat. Proof of life. He has him back, whatever he has him back as, he has him back alive. Maybe not human, but a hell of a lot closer to it than to anything else.
Dean hums around his first bite, looks like he’s fighting the urge to let his eyes drift closed as he rolls that bite over his tongue, and the second bite follows before the first has been swallowed. For all that Cas had very little to do with the quality of the sandwich as compared to any other, he still takes some pride in that.
“Something wrong? Are Gabe and Rowena okay with the--?”
“It was you, Dean. The last raid I went on, the man I--”
“Shh…” He dabs carefully at the blood where he finds it. “We should have waited. We had nothing. What was Sam thinking?”
“Say it again.”
“Thank you. I… I think I’d like to schedule another appointment, but… I also think I need to just… go home and digest today.”
Cas just tilts his head to one side, like he doesn’t know what might happen at all.
you.”
“It’s… been some time, since I needed rest like this. And… perhaps it was never like
He keeps the house as scent-neutral as possible out of habit, though now they have facilities in place and he’s never in the position of having to share his home with rescued omegas-- and now that Gabriel no longer lives with him, it is admittedly a different thing to offer a spare bed as an unmated alpha living alone. Jody’s chosen to keep her home open, for those who can’t safely go back to their families, who haven’t yet got a new place to go to by the time they graduate the temporary housing-- she mostly takes in teens who need extra support and stability to finish school, though, another reason for his erroneous mental picture of who Dean would be. He’s glad he built the habit, now that Dean is here, scenting the air and slowly settling. And then, a few steps in, Dean freezes.
“Okay.” He nods, kicking his boots off and nudging them under the bench in the entryway.
“I shouldn’t have stepped on that branch.” Cas shrugs, says it all casual, which would be very cool and sexy of him if Dean’s heart wasn’t hellbent on hammering itself straight out of his chest.
“Hey… hey.” His hand moves to Cas’ cheek, shaking. There are bruises, blood… he was only physically touched the once, but each one of the blows Chuck delivered without touching him looks to have counted for three. “I gotcha. I gotcha, sweetheart, you’re okay now.”
“Yes. I think finding a garage that you feel comfortable working in might be an obstacle, but I believe that any vocational training you would need, you could get. I believe you could do the work. But if that’s not what you want to do with yourself, there are other things out there.”
“Pretend I’m like a really dumb guy and explain how that’s different.”
“I know that was pretty--”
Cas hums again, it feels strained.
“I know Sam’s little, uh, cottage… it doesn’t exactly have a lot of room for two, but… I have room. A room! I have a spare room, if that’s… I  don’t want to presume right now. But… this place isn’t complete without you. And when you’re ready to move on from Jody’s… I would be-- I would be honored to be your alpha, in whatever capacity you-- I know I’m not much. But I think I could be enough. I think-- you could make me enough. Because you don’t need me to be someone else’s idea of an alpha. Neither of us want me to be the kind of alpha my father or yours would have approved of. Neither of us wants you to be that kind of omega, either. So… And I certainly don’t want you calling me ‘alpha’, or-- I can’t imagine being like that. I just know this pack is… it needs you. And so do I.”
. Somewhere along the line, when he’s letting hot water beat against his aching shoulders, the strain of the day finally really hitting him, that’s when the anxiety starts squeezing its fist around his heart.
“Took one for the team.” He shrugs, and then something cracks. “He did it for me. Sammy, I think-- I think this time, I-- he-- He saved me. It’s the last thing he did. He knew… he was throwing his life away, for mine.”
He and Cas get escorted over to a chair by a tiny gal with a cloud of silvery-blue dyed hair, in ripped jeans and a band shirt, and one of her arms has some kind of weird cool medusa, and a bee-themed tattoo that makes him think of Cas, which makes him feel like he can trust her. ‘99 Problems’ runs around her wrist in a delicate script, green ink vivid against her skin. Given that the place is called ‘99 Problems Ink’, he can only figure she’s the owner.
He is, as ever, content to slide into the center seat, comfortably sandwiched between the two important alphas in his life, and he lets Castiel pass him Tybalt’s basket, holding it in his lap. For the duration of the drive out to the market, Tybalt moves back and forth between sling and basket, making his opinions on the route known.
Cas is still figuring out a lot of his own wants, desires, likes, and dislikes, but if there's one thing Dean knows he likes, it's kissing. And if there's two things, it's kissing, and making Dean the happiest damn omega in the world. He's got a knack for both.
“I feared for him… I felt his desperation and I was so certain… When Jack sent me back, I landed rather far afield, so I called immediately, but...”
Dean fumbles the wrapper off of his lollipop, and pops it into his mouth at last, and it definitely seems to help him relax. Even with the lingering anxiety and self-consciousness, his enjoyment is clear in the way he hums around it, and rolls it over his tongue.
“It’s fine, really-- I should be thanking you for… um, well, everything.”
When he gets to the living room with their glasses of water, Tybalt is perched on the edge of his own personal armchair, watching Dean. As Castiel gets the tray set down on the coffee table, the cat bounds over to the center of the couch, where he places his front paws on Dean’s thigh, giving him a searching look until Castiel sits down in the armchair and Tybalt retreats to curl up in his lap, purr filling the room.
And the thing is, or one of the things is, he can say ‘maybe the sex would be okay because it would mean being close to someone I care about, even though I wouldn’t like having sex with a man’, but he doesn’t even believe that anymore. Not really. He’s wanted it, and not been able to admit to it. It’s too much, to try and trace it back and figure out the first time he wanted Cas that way, it’s too late and too painful, but he knows it’s been there, it’s been under everything.
“Every damn time.”
“You can break the universal alpha instincts down into what I like to call the three Ps. Protecting, Providing, Partnering. Sometimes there’s a couple more Ps, but we’ll get to that later. Like I said, these won’t look exactly the same from alpha to alpha-- there are a lot of ways to protect and provide for the people you care for, but I think it’s safe to say you have those instincts.”
“Thank you.” Cas nods. Follows him in and stands there while Dean digs around to find him something, a pair of sweatpants and a tee shirt. And it’s not like it’s weird to change in the same room, it’s not like things are super
“Me? I’m-- shit, I’m good, I’m--
“Ooh, is that a salad with strawberries in it?” Donna smiles over at Cas. “Fancy! Home-grown?”
Well, there’s also a package of brownie bites, but Gabriel doesn’t actually set those out on the table for anyone else to get to, and Cas isn’t about to press it… though he thinks at this stage of his pregnancy, claiming an uncontrollable craving is more an excuse to indulge his usual sweet tooth.
“Sorry.” He coughs, looking down at still-shaky hands.
“Awesome.”
“Yeah?”
He’s fucking terrified, but maybe they kiss.
“Oh my god.” Dean groans, head falling back. “Of course. He doesn’t know what choking it is.”
, it’s only ever been him.
“What do you mean where do I go?”
“And what if it isn’t? He’s
He throws himself into working alongside Dean-- neither of them will accept a paycheck now, Sam is working in exchange for rent-free digs, and Dean insists he just wants to, as a friend, and to help ‘pay Sam’s rent’. Cas watches the two of them play-wrestle over the hose, while giving the chickens water, both of them soaked by the time they’ve finished, and so Sam drags Dean over to the detached unit, both of them emerging in dry clothes-- though in Dean’s case, it’s a shirt that hangs off of him just a little, and a pair of jeans belted and cuffed to provide an acceptable fit.
“That was… it feels like a long time ago.” He shrugs, though it can’t really be much more than a year since. “It’s just… it’s just a matter of time before someone breaks it, it’s not important-- I’ll be very glad for whoever does, they’re a strong team.”
“How do you know?”
“Dean…”
“Yeah.”
And it’s all foreplay. Sharing a meal, cuddling on the couch, the footsie and the lazy bellyrub and the shared blanket and the old movies, every moment of it is just drawing out the anticipation and sharing in the closeness, before the moment when they look at each other and decide it’s
“Understandably. But Gabriel’s right, Dean is safe and he’ll be taken care of, he’ll spend a couple of days out of contact with any alphas just for his own comfort…”
It’s Jack who suggests they watch a movie to help take his mind off of everything, and he has to admit, he’d be worse than useless if Sam asked him to help research the ideal god-killing weapon now.
“And the rest of the world.” Sam prompts.
“There is nothing wrong with the car.” He huffs, distracted from the moment of potential emotional honesty. “I was
“Okay, but I think you’re not used to this thing where you could die, very easily. Okay? You were real hard to kill a couple days ago, and how’d that go?”
“Hey…” He whispers, and Cas presses closer, just slightly, in answer. “About what you said before, about-- about breaking the faith. You gotta know that ain’t-- You gotta know… any time I-- You’re all I have faith in.
, to make him calm down, and the hand stroking over his torso banishes all the wrong kind of butterflies, just leaves the right ones. “I like how they make me feel. Like… it’s not about how anyone looks at me. Like… no one else’s opinion matters for a while, ‘cause I’m… I can just feel like this for me. And I don’t, you know, I don’t want a lot of other people looking at me, thinking I’m soft. Pretty. Can be those things alone, though.”
“Oh, c’mon, Cassie. So you’re not busting down doors kicking ass, that doesn’t mean you can’t do anything.”
, you sell your stuff, but… shit.”
“Since you got me out.”
, I-- I know you have… You’ve looked and wanted, always too afraid… You don’t need to be.”
They both come, they both make beautifully undignified noises against each other’s mouths, messy. Hot. The stroking tapers off, the kissing doesn’t. Slows down, becomes more reassuring little nuzzling pecks than a makeout session, and he can feel when Cas smiles against his lips, non jacking-it hand cupping his cheek and keeping him close.
“Oh yeah, you get an A plus on making me enjoy stuff. Real… real good, like that. Good for you?”
Cas, but is it a capital letters Love? Is it a grow-old-with-you, holding hands on the porch kind of a love? He never really imagined he could have that. Maybe even if they’d worked it all out before the Empty, he couldn’t have, but could he have accepted that, from Cas?
Garth drags him into a hug the second he’s through the doors, and while it’s not the greeting he’d been looking for, he returns the hug just the same.
“You can knock my belongings over anytime, handsome. You a big spoon or a little spoon?”
“Well, I look forward to it.” Sam laughs. “Sounds like a great signing bonus.”
“He’s sleeping.”
“That’s some ground beef, and there’s two kinds of the sausage, we got you some eggs and a whole chicken, all wrapped and labeled, got dates on there and how long you can keep any of that in the freezer.” He explains. “You let me know if anyone of those folks has some special favorite and I’ll see if I can’t swing it. Jackie boy an’ his beau been wanting to pitch in some and you know I said, if it’s for those people? Eh ben, we can afford to be a little giving, kind of work they do. Besides, that sausage there--” He taps one of the little packets. “If we hadn’t been neighbors last season, wouldn’t have found the herbs for that happy accident.”
They really need to have a talk about Cas saying beautiful, profound things to him, because Dean doesn’t know how he can keep on taking this.
“No.” Rowena’s lips curl into a mischievous smile to rival any of Gabriel’s. “But I do.”
“Dean, my beloved… I hope you feel free to be your whole self with me.”
“I mean… it’s not like we never heard from him again. He wasn’t going to stay at Bobby’s if he couldn’t bring you back. He dropped me off and headed right back to Nevada. Talked to a couple guys he knew who he thought could, um… guys who are good at finding people.”
“Okay, look, just…” He sits beside him, and unzips his fly, pushes his shorts down and eases himself out, already a little hard… when did that happen?
So when I do finally finish this I'll probably write at least one other finale fix, but I have a list of other ideas I want to tackle.
“Yup. Didn’t want to jinx that, either, until it looked like it took for one of us. Ro’s lost one before, and… I don’t know, you know, me. I never thought I’d…” He shrugs, and leans in when Cas puts an arm around his shoulders.
were having a moment?” Dean rolls his eyes. “And you decided to barge right in, ya moose?”
“Looked like you get along great with Hummus Guy David.”
With Sam making his exit, Castiel turns back to Dean, taking in ever detail of the man he loves. Drinking in the love that radiates from him now, a love he’d been so blind to.
“Forgive me, that was… hardly the time for technicality. But I am not any more fragile than you are.”
“Yeah? What brought you in?”
. The ennui has lifted, he’s in the sweet spot between being sore and worn out after one PT session and stiff and sore in need of the next, he doesn’t even have his cane when he answers the door.
That part, he never told anyone about. Garth had talked him through the aftermath of having taken a life, and the everyone else on his team had been quick to say it could have happened to any one of them, in a moment of panic on a raid gone wrong. Gabriel had been reassuring, in his own way, when Castiel had confessed that some of the guilt came from the fact that he’d killed this man on a raid to rescue strangers, but he hadn’t done the same to the guard he’d fought to save his own brother. Well, okay, Gabriel had laughed at him, but it had done the trick. He didn’t tell anyone about the man’s scent or the effect it had had on him.
“And since Jody couldn’t stay, you called me. Well, I’m happy to be here.”
Dean blinks at him. “Awesome.”
“I meant what if we were banging. You know, like… the kind of intimate Sam doesn’t need to see. You go back to sleep.” He tucks the blankets back up around him, and pushes him gently back down when he starts to sit. “I mean it, you need your rest.”
“You know I’m always down to return the favor, if you decide you’re in the mood some other time.”
“Yes. Did you not expect it to be?”
“You should let yourself be loved.”
“There’s so much you could do-- more than just playing part-time gardener.” He snorts, trying to keep his tone light.
was in gym class.”
“You looked fine.”
As for the other issue on everyone's mind, Gabriel offers a solution.
“No.”
Cas blinks once. “I’m afraid I don’t understand. You’re required to kiss me, because I am underneath a plant?”
“Protecting yourself is protecting me, okay? Whatever happens… we both end up in the same place.”
“Cas is the fly in Chuck’s ointment.” Sam says evenly, jaw clenching. “He’s the one thing Chuck’s never been able to predict, or control. We
, and there’s nice art up on the walls. Sure, it’s still all tattoo themed, as it should be, but like… it’s not just tattered sheets from a flash book pinned to the wall, and maybe a little cheesecake, it’s
“We skipped the lunch rush, but we should go and pick something up.”
“C’mere. You can come up a little higher. You can touch my dick if you wanna.” Dean nods. He likes the word ‘dick’, for it-- granted, it’s small and the only function it can be said to have is Dean gets off when he touches it, but he likes that, too. It’s a part of him no one ever ruined, ignored in favor of the places someone else could fuck. True, he still hasn’t always felt like getting himself off, but this is something that’s only ever been his, and now sharing it with Cas is his choice.
In the end, Sam and even Garth agree to give a partial obstacle course their best go, and Gabriel rolls his eyes and places a hand over the slight swell of his belly and says he’ll watch them all huff and puff and sweat.
“You didn’t. And… it felt good. Unfortunately, getting back to the parts that feel good might have made me… overconfident, about a few other parts. It’s… sometimes this just happens, and honestly, if I did some of that more often, it might be better for me. It’s just… easy, to become complacent, sometimes, with a degenerative condition. To give up a little too easily on things that can help just because there’s not really a cure. But it isn’t your fault, and I’m not sorry that I got back out there. I just… have some ideas about a workout routine that might be a happy medium between too little and too much.”
. It’s good even when nothing
“Sure.” Garth smiles warmly at him, rising. “Same time next week?”
forms of exertion, any
Gabriel’s smile grows dreamy, as he looks around the nursery, doubtless imagining it all set up for his future offspring.
Dean had called him a good alpha… he doesn’t know if he believes it, he’s not sure if he ever has, but he knows that he can’t lay claim to the title if he does anything other than putting Dean first. And that means giving him the choice to have a future somewhere else… with his own family’s pack, one led by the brother who seems to have grown into a good-hearted, responsible young man or the caring, hard-working uncle who took him in after Dean’s disappearance, unlike the father they’ve painted enough of a picture of.
“Hm?”
“Thank you.” Cas stretches out on his stomach, wiggles down into the bed.
“You’re spoiling me.”
Gabriel means well, he supposes-- they founded the Center for the Safety of Trafficked Omegas together, when Gabriel escaped being sold by their oldest brother.  Lucifer might have been driven out by Michael, Michael only needed an excuse and Raphael was always going to work with him to push Lucifer out. Lucifer only needed an excuse to dub himself the victim and make war with the rest of the family. Castiel had taken his leave of all of them then in disgust. It had felt like a long time coming even then-- his family hadn’t handled his condition well. A lot of emphasis on faith, a lot of sanctimonious sniffing and pointed comments on what personal flaws of his kept prayer and a good attitude from doing him any good. The ‘therapy’ that made his life a living hell, speaking of ‘personal flaws’. He’d never thought about leaving them, when it was just the way he was treated, but when it was Gabriel, he found it in him to make a stand, and motivated by Gabriel’s close call, they’d gone to work to hep omegas who lacked the support or social standing that he had, to keep himself out of trouble.
“I haven’t climbed a rope since
“I won’t ask for anything.” Cas promises, and the look of hope he turns back on Dean over something so small, over being allowed to… to what, to give a handjob and get nothing? It’s worse than heartbreaking. “If I can show you, just once, how worthy you are, that’s enough for me.”
With a grumpy, narrowed gaze zoned in on the flying insect, the hunter resumes his journey further into the backyard. It’s as if the bee is guiding him. Its flapping wings and persistent buzzing code for “Come along, this way. There’s something just over the hill that you need to see.”
“Dean, you don’t have to adhere to the bullshit standards Dad taught us made a man. He was wrong about a lot of things. Who you love doesn’t alter your integrity as a...”
Imaging some smut will take place in the next chapter...
That had been two weeks ago, and the wedding ceremony? Just a week. It certainly lived up to Dean’s standards and he hoped it did for Cas’ too. The angel had all but left the planning to Dean, content to let the day unfold as he saw fit, saying, “Our union could take place on a beach, in a rainstorm, or next to a dumpster in a dark alley, and I would be happy.”
“For missing dinner.” He grits out.
“Blasphemy,” Cas huffs, shying away from the compliment. As the angel stands to clear the table, removing any and all evidence of their indulgent snack, Dean knows it’s now or never.
Dean blinks, eyes wide, the towel now doing a poor job at covering his groin.
Dean feels a wave of curiosity and underlying jealousy flare up in his belly when it dawns on him that Cas, for however long, has been keeping this discovery to himself. He tries to stomp out the sparks before they can catch but his smart mouth is quicker. “So why am I just seeing them now then?” He regrets vocalizing the question as soon as he asks, noticing the way Cas tenses and drops his gaze. “Hey,” he coos, adjusting his tune, “I’m not mad. I just—you can tell me stuff,” he finishes with a shy shrug.
There’s no malice in it, but that doesn’t stop Dean’s grip on the steering wheel from tightening, knuckles growing impossibly white. “Don’t,” he grits out, side-eying his brother with a gaze he hopes embodies a thousand angel blades. Sam shrugs sheepishly.
Dean thinks. Because then maybe he could instead wake up to find his hips and groin plastered to the backside of a ready and willing Castiel—versus glaring at the shower curtain like it’s personally wronged him.
“Not bad,” he announces. Cas’s eyes light up at that.
His angel. His best friend. And now, his husband.
. Certainly love,” he states without room for argument, “But maybe even companionship. And if that means a shot at happiness, then why wouldn’t you swallow the fear and find out what’s there?”
Cas sits on the other and stares.
Cas shakes his head. “No. Just when it directly involves me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean scrubs a hand over his face, trying to sort out his next move.
Over all of these years and chapters and moments, juxtaposed by both heartbreak and hell—and now, somehow, peace, Dean has yet to bear witness to Cas’ wings. Beyond an ominous shadow or the quietly shocking proof they exist when a stray jet black feather the length of the hunter’s forearm floats to the ground following one of Cas’ hasty exits, Dean is all but new to their magnificence. Or at least what he envisions them to be. Most of the time, he forgets they exist. Yes, he’s aware Castiel is otherworldly, a warrior with brute force strength, and grace—the color of ocean and ice—running through his body, but more often than not, Dean sees him simply as
“Dumbass.” He quips nervously, using crass humor in attempt to mask that he’s on the verge of fleeing the bunker and locating the closest bar to engage in a self-sabotaging bender.
While his hands wrap around the angel’s form in search of the downy feathers, his lips find Cas’ plush mouth. Although he feels utterly out of control with desire, he’s able to keep his touches, even on just skin, soft and gentle. Maybe it’s his nerves winning out, but whatever the case, he’s fine with it. Grateful even. When he reaches the edges of the wings, he hesitates, breath growing ragged.
Dean is honestly relieved to be talking to Cas’ back at this moment. He thinks it might actually increase the odds that he doesn’t chicken out twice in one evening. “Look, I need to apologize—”
“I, uh, I heard you say my name.”
“Sam, uh, would it be cool if I talked to Cas alone?” Dean says, without looking at his brother, guilty eyes directed at Cas.
“Some gentle, elderly lady on the internet—who claims to make the very best meatloaf in the world. Which seems boastful, but she had a kind face so I’m hopeful,” Cas shares. “I also followed her apple pie recipe.”
