His beady little eyes welled with tears as he silently shook. Biting his lips in frustration he bitterly mumbled, “I’m not like any of the kids at my school. It’s not fair.”
“And creates maybe, like, ten more.” Moaned Olive, burying her face into her hands, “Oh god, why Stark and Barton’s kids?”
“What happened?” Olive croaked as she realized that in the group of children that Thanos was nowhere to be found.
for the
. The only thing I am guilty of is trying to protect my people.”
“He’s having a hard time coping with the concepts of rejection and isolation.” Sighed Olive in annoyance. He was trying to blend in with children who he looks nothing like, and they are very aware of his past indiscretions thanks to a grown woman
“Huh.” Agent West clicked his tongue at the curt explanation, “Alright, okay, I can see where you are coming from. Counse
thankful for the opportunity, and he was just saying how excited he was to work with other villains-”
Olive couldn’t help but chuckle at him; she hadn’t expected him to be so genuine. Clearly Steve had put a lot of thought and effort into this, and Olive recognized that. “No! Steve, it looks wonderful, and the goodie table is such a nice touch.”
“Well.” Chuffed Olive as she attempted to slip out of her chair, “As
“What’s so ugly about it?”
“I apologize for the long walk, ma’am. They
“Come on, Peter. Let’s go get dinner ready for the boys.” Peter jumped up in agreement and the two giddily exited the room. It must be so comforting to have a life so easily conformed to two definitions; she scoffed at them as they exited.
“I didn’t mean it like that.”  Sage playfully tugged on a lock of his sister’s hair.
“Did you tell any of the other adults!?”
“We’ve been through this.” Sighed Olive kneeling down to button his jacket, “I’m sorry. You can’t go to that school. We tried, and… It just didn’t work out.”
the superhero identity!” shouted Peter at Steve’s outraged face.
“Talk to him!” It was only the first day together, and Olive was already frustrated with her brother’s nonchalant attitude, “How can we expect him to
“I don’t know what that means!” roared the older man in return.
as a villain, Spiderman. I am trying to liberate my people from continued oppression from
.” Interjected Steve, attempting to ease her obviously growing anxiety.
“Wayne isn’t a criminal either!” Peter Parker jumped up with a flushed face and teary stare, “He might have been doing it wrong in the beginning, but he’s always been
“It was a last-minute arrangement.” Finished Olive lamely.
is a person who is admired or idealized for courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities. Raise your hand if that applies to the person you are to support.”
He was full-on smiling now, and his little teeth were poking out behind those thin lips. His small eyes lit up, and his cheeks flushed with relief. Avoidance of problems may seem like a poor coping mechanism to instill into a child. However, even Olive had to admit that he had a near-abusive relationship with his peers. The level of negligence of his teachers was obvious to even him. Who lets their class pretend that their classmate, who is sitting right in front of them, is
Nodding passively, Olive took the seat next to Steve Rogers and quickly smiled at him. Realizing that the man at her side was doing everything in his power not to look at her, Olive quickly glanced away. His ignoring her likely had to do with his red, puffy eyes and tear-stained cheeks. Clearly the agents weren’t feeling very comfortable with his first session either.
“Ok, so from what I understand, the both of you consider your…
Olive was surprised to see some of the pairs coming in together for this meeting. Spiderman had literally dragged in Deadpool in a giant web, and the mercenary was less than pleased by the nametag plastered on his forehead. She had heard of their recent team-ups through her brother, and apparently, Spiderman’s mentor wasn’t very supportive of it.
“Okay, very good… Now,
“No buts about it. You’re going because you are required to go.”
count as roots?”
“It wasn’t this deep when we left…” panicked Nathaniel as he leaned over trying to get a better view.
“I could have been an Anthony, or even a Sebastian. I would have accepted Steven or Stephen, both spellings would have been fine. I think Star Lord would have been the best name for me.”  He looked up longingly at the pictures of his hero littered across his walls, “One day I’ll go back to space, and we’ll go on adventures.”
specialized therapist, which is why she pushed so hard for him to attend Xavier’s school. She definitely
expected that he be a victim to S.H.I.E.L.D.’s budget cuts.
“Alright! Alright, break it up.” Bruce intervened as he gently guided both men back into their seats, “I think what we have here is a communication breakdown. I think both your feelings are valid and we need to explore were the misunderstanding stems from.”
that they were assigned to. He did not deem it necessary, and legally it wasn’t. Their lives were directly related to how much bullshit they were willing to deal with. The only saving grace they had was that being a social justice warrior was very popular lately, and a good amount of the public didn’t quite want child-Thanos dead yet. It’s not like he had succeeded on the whole world, or universal, domination thing.
Christine laughed, though the speakers were silent. Whoever was in charge of sound effects was a tough crowd. Tony shrugged it off and continued.
Tony had been on the computer, trying to trace back a shipment of guns he designed that had been diverted from where they were supposed to be. He spun his chair around to face Steve. “Between what?”
Steve squashed his hopes back down and crossed his arms defensively. Right. This was more along the lines of what he was expecting. Petty insults, blame, and complete self-centeredness sounded about par for the course. He snorted dismissively.
“I second that!” Yelled Sam as he swooped by, slicing through the birds with smoke trailing from his wings in dissolving ribbons.
Once Clint brushed the last of the nuts from his hair, they got in the truck and Steve started driving towards the venue. Bucky still hadn’t returned, and they were hoping he would meet them there in time for the ceremony.
“It’s our best option, but no straws. Tony should be the one to live.” They all turned to look at Steve, who continued calmly, like he hadn’t suggested his death and the death of all his friends. “Think about it, he’s the only one who has any sort of sway back at the Capital. If anyone could shut the games down permanently it would be him. Isn’t that the best case scenario? It’s too late for us, but maybe no one else will have to go through this.”
The peacekeepers rushed the stage and grabbed him as he lunged for Tony. They dragged him off as he screamed and cursed, cutting off as a peacekeeper hit him in the head with the barrel of his gun. The boy went limp, and they dragged him backstage. The door swung shut with a click, audible in the silence of the empty auditorium.
I start a new internship next Monday so I am going to try to finish this story before then. I'm about halfway done with Chapter 8 which should be the last chapter.
All of the other-worldliness, the moonlight was gone, and it was just normal Tony, all too mortal, warm and solid, panting roughly in the dark, and somehow that felt like the most magical thing of all. He could feel Tony’s heart beating sparrow fast against where he was holding him down, could feel his breath hot against his face. He felt impossibly present, like in this moment nothing else existed except him, and Tony, and whatever surge of electricity was arcing between them. Blue eyes met brown, white fur brushed into sable. Tony seemed to be waiting but Steve had no idea what for. The moment stretched impossibly long, and finally snapped, and Tony was off again, lost to the shadows in the trees, his yipping laugh echoing through the night.
The battery. The one in the cart had been running low, and it must have run out. Tony crawled over to Steve, whose strength was fading fast. What the dragon bond gave in health, it could just as easily take away. If he didn’t get Liberty a new battery in the next half hour both she and Steve would die. Tony swore and used the wall to push himself back upright. He had been hoping that the battery would hold out until their escape, and instead it gave out at the most inconvenient time possible. It was the middle of the day, and Vanko would be back at minute to tell them that lunch was over and it was time to get back to work. No matter what he did, Tony was going to get caught. Tony scrubbed a hand up and down his face as black spots danced in front of his vision. Was it worth it?
“Yeah. I pushed an old lady into traffic. I prank called the president. I taught boy scouts how to flip people off and girl scouts how to cuss like sailors.”
“I wouldn’t tell a stranger about Bucky.”
“I said I’m not thirsty!”
“I’m being a baby? My life is over! Jan’s life is over! And you wanna be part of the pack? Fine! Your life can be over too!”
“Don’t sound so grumpy, it was broken anyway. Good news is, I figured out what part you need. If you buy it yourself, you’ll save a solid grand in fees from the contractor. Then bam, good as new. Well, not new. Good as its going to get, let’s go with that. Which, if you haven't gathered, isn't very good.”
“I’m sorry, there’s not much I can do. At least nothing is broken.”
He was in the games. He was actually in the games.
“You’re a puppy-”
Jan and Clint waved back in acknowledgment, and started back towards the house. Steve took the stairs down to the basement and stuck his head into the room where Tony was hard at work. He had parts scattered around his feet, and if there were in any order, it was only clear to him. He moved with complete confidence, totally in his element, slotting valves back into their rightful spots, and tightening the connections with a graceful turn of his wrist. The socket wrench in his hand made a steady noise like the beat of a heart, twisting up with the sturdy sound of metal on metal, before clicking down, one, two, three. The tool caught the light in a flash of silver at its zenith, reflecting back on Tony to momentarily outline his brown hair in lines of glowing silver, so that he looked like one with the machine he was fixing.
Tony held his hands up non threateningly. “No, no, you haven’t done anything wrong. I don’t know much about the district’s computer use and I hoped you could tell me a little?”
Steve sat down and leaned in close so he could whisper quiet enough that the camera couldn't pick it up. “They believed it. When Stane said we were in love? The people in the Capital believe it. They sent those bandages to us because they’re invested in our relationship.”
“Sir, There’s been reports of a disturbance on 19th street.” Jarvis said, interrupting the loud music.
“Then come back in two hours because you miss your computers?”
“So, you want to talk about Siberia? The airport? All of it?”
They were interrupted by the doorbell. Tony waved at Jarvis in the kitchen, and went to open it, Steve following. Tony opened the door to reveal Peggy standing there, a little older but just as beautiful as Steve remembered her. Tony greeted her warmly, inviting her inside and taking her coat. Steve managed to stutter out a welcome, as he mentally reeled. Strange had warned him people from his past would start to show up, and it made since that she was the first to appear, since Tony had a connection to her as well.
Jan let out a loud squeal of delight. “I need to go tell him right now!”
“To Tony.” Sam clarified.
“Hello to you too. Yeah, they are. Why do you ask?”
Christine paced back and forth, riling up the nonexistent crowd. “We have have excellent set contestants this year, are you ready to meet them?”
Steve’s voice was cold. “You are a traitor and a murderer. You deserve to die a hundred times over for your crimes.”
Steve knew Bucky well enough to tell that this wasn’t something he could change his brother’s mind on. So despite more pleading from Jan and Clint, less than an hour later Bucky was back out the door, once again gone from their lives. The extra plate in the sink was the only proof that Bucky had ever come back from the dead.
“I had a cousin who raised sheep, there was a dragon that preyed on them so he set a trap. The next day the sheep were gone and the trap was taken down and all the parts stacked in a pile at his done.”
“Steve, I’m sorry.”
“Are you going to be ok with shifting?” Steve asked. Since their little spar, Tony hadn’t left human form, and Steve felt like that shift had been more of a fear response than a purposeful choice.
“Quit saying I like him! I don’t have a crush, no way, no how. We are maybe, maybe, casual friends. We’re like friends who never call, you see them at the post office by chance, agree you have to get together some time, then never get together until you run into each other on accident three months later at the grocery store.”
Though he had tried to explain the dream to Tony using the Matrix, Steve was a little more old fashioned. He made sure he had a firm hold on his friend, and clicked the heels of his red boots together three times. The world spun around them and Steve blacked out.
“I’m not back,” he insisted.
Bucky would be stuck in wolf form until the stitches came out, so they would need to figure out a ramp of some sort. But that was a problem for later. Steve went back to his room where he collapsed into bed, alone.
“No, no, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for the kiss too, alright? I wouldn’t have asked if I had known.”
Their return was bitter sweet. The compound was the only home Steve had had in the twenty first century and he had missed its familiar comforts. He wanted to step inside the doors, and have everything go back to the way things used to be, when he could always find Bruce in the kitchen and Clint and Nat competing down at the range and Tony in the lab where he would always greet Steve with a smile and a kiss.
Steve smiled. Leaving? Sounded great to him.
“I’m starting to think that you two are more invested in my relationship with Tony than I am.”
Tony pulled Steve’s hand away from his chest and looped it over his back. He reached his own arm around Steve’s back and rubbed his shoulders gently while Steve held the fabric of Tony’s shirt tightly in his fist, to keep him from going anywhere and ruining the moment.
“Right, sorry.” There was a rustle of clothes and footsteps. “I’m going back down to work on the oven. I’ll see you at dinner, it should be done by then.”
“I don't understand,” Steve said, still confused. "Why-" Then it all seemed to fall into place. Tony felt a rush of overwhelming rage and betrayal before the bond between them closed off completely, leaving Tony's mind empty of everything except his own feelings of guilt. Loki stepped forward, offering Steve his blade handle first.
Poor Tony is so hard on himself  :(
Scenario number three was much less interesting than the first two. Tony calls him into a meeting room. They have a civil conversation. They take care of the upcoming threat. Then he goes home without Tony (if it can even be called home without Tony) and they live out the rest of their lives apart. No hatred, no passion, just endless apathy. A sedate thirty mile an hour drive through the doldrums until the final crash into the wall of oblivion.
Jan flinched back, and Clint stared at him with wide eyes. Steve took several deep breaths, and gritted his teeth. “I'm sorry for yelling. I think I'm going to bed now.” He stood up and left, leaving his dinner half eaten on the table. Jan and Clint finished the rest of their meal in silence.
“There was an attack downtown by a magic user or possible unregistered mutant. She touched Tony, and he went down. He’s been unresponsive ever since. She put the Hulk to sleep too, but instead of knocking him out, it brought me back. She was tranked by a SHIELD agent, and I dragged Tony home. When he didn’t wake up and I couldn’t find anything on my scans, I called Dr. Strange and you guys.”
This was all wrong, the peacekeepers were supposed to keep him safe from the dangerous district people, yet it was Steve who was helping to hold the ice gently to his face, and Steve who was rubbing a hand up his back whenever Tony’s breathing started to speed up into a panic.
“I'm going inside. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.” He turned and opened the screen door. Bucky caught it with his hand.
“And what are the chances that they still work?”
“There’s canned ravioli in the kitchen if you want any. Clint and I will be outside, I think Tony’s still fixing the stove. He doesn’t have the right parts so I guess he’s trying to make them. We’ll talk at dinner, yeah? Pack harmony is important.”
Tony winced and took his hand off the guy's shoulder. “Yeah, Babe Ruth here wasn't gentle getting in. I don't suppose that you've always wanted a second front door, where your windows used to be?”
Clint snorted and spun to a stop. “Get him? He's richer than God, anything he wants he probably already owns a dozen of.”
“I think you’re done for the day. I think you should go home.”
“All you two do is scream at each other and the whole building would have heard that. We heard you two yelling in your room yesterday.”
Step one was to shut down all of the cameras, then all the security scanners. Automatic defenses went next, along with all emergency broadcast systems and early warning alarms. Manual fire defenses were last, and he revoked everyone’s authorization for use.
They went downstairs, Steve staying in his apartment until Tony came to his senses and got it resolved. Joke was on him, Tony hadn’t been sensible a day in his life. Tony went downstairs and walked up to Clint and put his hands on his hips. “Hey dude, you want a free fridge?”
“Thank you, Mr. Stark. I’ll be sure to tell them. I do hope they won’t be too devastated with you gone.”
“Don't tell me not to worry! I’m not worried! And if I was worried, it would be perfectly reasonable because Tony is missing!” Steve retorted and started pacing again.
“I’m not saying we should or shouldn’t go, but I am saying that if a certain someone-” She gave Steve a pointed look. “-is trying to patch things up with Tony, maybe he shouldn’t respond to Tony’s welcome by immediately ignoring everything he says.”
“Phil Coulson, of Shield. After a lack of justice through human courts about werewolf matters, a group of like minded wolves decided to come together and create a peace keeping force. I sent you a letter?”
“Tony-”
“That’s nice, thank you.”
Natasha snapped her gum and grinned. “He could have thrown something. Or shot you. This is Tony we’re talking about.”
“Steve-”
“I cheated a little. You know there’s a museum exhibit on the commandos, right? When I was younger I asked Peggy who Sergeant Whiskers was.”
He boarded his plane and the engines rumbled then died. Someone announced over crackling speakers that there were mechanical troubles and it would be an hour before they got into the air. Steve waited impatiently in the hold until they fixed the problem. Rumors of sabotage ran rampant. Whatever was wrong with the plane wasn’t normal wear and tear. Finally they took off, slow and rumbling. He could hear explosions as they approached the battlefield, and the plane tilted alarmingly as the pilot tried to avoid oncoming fire. There was a boom and the plane shook, trying to hold level. The bottom of the plane opened up, and Steve descended down a rope to the ground alongside his unit. The fighting on the ground was chaotic, and Steve stretched his reflexes to their fullest extent to block shots from the Chirtauri coming from all sides. The Chitauri soldier in front of him paused and Steve used the opening to knock him down with a throw of his shield. The shield bounced back to his hand and he turned to block an incoming blow. No strike came. The Chitauri behind him was frozen. Steve turned his head and realized that all of the aliens were standing stock still. Then as one, they fell to the ground like puppets whose strings had been cut. Steve approached one cautiously and kicked it. It didn’t move. It was dead, and somehow the humans had won. Cheers rose up from all across the battlefield.
Tony had been released from the hospital the next day, and no one had known what to do after that. The government was in shambles, the corruption affecting all the top officials  and dripping its way down to infect the lower ranks. It was impossible to figure out who was corrupt at a quick glance, and it looked like the trials and investigations were going to drag on for months. That left a huge gap that needed to be filled with new leaders, and after much debate the rebellion decided to put it to a vote, letting each of the districts have a voice.
Olive could hear the rustling of the men on either side of her raising their hands. Bitterly, she couldn’t bring herself to raise her hand. It isn’t fair to have the expectation that small child somehow be a “hero”. He barely stopped wetting the bed six months ago, and is struggling with a complex identity crisis. Yeah, he wasn’t a hero, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t a good person.
as an individual. I didn’t want him to feel like a criminal.”
Olive had to admit that calling it a “past life” was pushing it. If one is essentially Benjamin Buttoned back to infancy in a two-minute accident does it count as a past life? If they’re memory was telepathically wiped does that make them a new person? Those were the main argument presented during the court cases that followed their return to Earth.
They were brought into the indoor gym area, which was cleared of the usual gear and clutter. Instead a circle of empty metal chairs covered the mats, and it seemed a small table was set aside for refreshments. Olive groaned as she rubbed her face in frustration, “Steve, is this where we’re meeting?”
“It looks perfect, Steve. Thank you for your hospitality, and I’m sure Thanos would love to try a cookie.” Olive gave Thanos a light push towards the well-stocked table; with a huff, he got the picture and trudged away, “Count you give me any details about this… meeting?”
“Everything alright?” asked Thanos from the backseat; not even bothering to look up from his doodling.
“I wanted to go to Xavier’s school!”
“My name is Charles Xavier, and I’m here to support Erik Leshnerr.” Charles lifted an elegant hand to cup his counterparts’ face playfully, “Some of you may also know him as Magneto. While often misguided, Erik’s dream is for mutant-kind to live without fear.”
“Fine.” She watched as he jumped around in excitement, and tried to smile along with him. His favorite superhero was Star Lord, and the irony was not lost on her. He loved putting on his little costume and pretending their cat, Rocket, was his sidekick. Olive had to admit it was quite clever to name their Maine Coon, Rocket Raccoon. The cat was as dumb as a box of rocks, but he did love following the kid around. The little loaf tolerated being dressed up surprisingly well.
different. However, she was not at all surprised, she too had unpleasant interactions with mutant-kind.
They looked nothing alike, barely tolerated each-other most of the time, and every day it seemed to get harder and harder. All Olive wanted to do was get this kid out the door and to school. She knew it sucked, because school inherently sucks; kids are mean.
“Villains?” a silky-smooth voice interjected, “I don’t see
Soon, Olive found herself being herded into a chair next to Thanos by Dr. Banner. He was clearly attempting to remain calm as he directed more polarized pairs to their designated chairs. Steve, on the other hand, was trying to expend some of his nervous energy by placing nametags on the other guests’ chests. Many of them welcoming a familiar face, while others were mildly annoyed by the interaction.
and she was just standing there gawking at him.
“So, during our session, when did it feel like he was accused of being a criminal?”
him to the media.
“Alright, alright.” Sage gently broke free from her, “I’ll talk to him. I know I haven’t been around him a lot lately, since I’ve been on the field. I just think that he’s going to have to come to terms with some people hating him… even if it’s not really fair.”
“Well, um, I guess I felt overwhelmed.” Replied Steve thickly, “I just wanted Bucky to feel supported as a part of the team
a criminal, and she was not going to argue the logistics of it with them. She had spent years in court fighting that definition, and she wasn’t going to spend any more time justifying it.
“Thanos! Morgan!” Their cries were met with deafening silence.
“Don’t forget your coat, kiddo.”
Olive remembered the moment she went from a hero of mankind to their enemy. When she refused the execution of a four-year-old child to take place, and advocated for an actual investigation; rather than a witch trial.  Everyone had assumed she was a pawn of Thanos upon her return and she was locked away by S.H.I.E.L.D. for re-education. After all, they had thought their precious martyr had been hypnotized, and everyone wanted to see her “cured”.
“Release me, you oaf!”
Bruce stood from his seat to begin, “My name is Dr. Bruce Banner. I am a physicist, and several years ago I was exposed to Gamma radiation. After the exposure, I developed an alter-ego, whom we now know as the Hulk. When the Hulk first…
my backpack! Morgan asked me to bring one!”
Steve Rogers was by far Olive’s favorite Avenger; to interact with, at least. He was always formal, polite, and always kept the small talk to a minimum. He was obviously very handsome as well, and that’s always a perk.
“They should be here any minute.” Steve’s eyes lit up as he excitedly waved Sergeant Barnes over. Olive was envious of their relationship; there were clearly still best friends. She and Dr. Banner shared an expression pinched with annoyance as they watched the two unite.
are you hanging out with?”
“Mr. Stark was there when she invited me! So, I guess he knows. He didn’t say anything. Oh! So was Spiderman! He said hi to me an everything!”
“Kids are mean, and
is a person who has committed a crime.”
you raised your hand, keep that arm raised. I’m going to read the next definition, but first I want you to dig deep. Think about the same person, and
behavior.” Bruce rolled his eyes at the word as he read a set of pre-written cue cards, “Steve, you had a very emotional outburst during the meeting. Would you like to talk about it?”
Olive gently embraced the child with a tired sigh and felt him go slack against her. Little sobs wracking through his body and she felt a pool of tears starting to stain her jacket. She knew he was right; it was not fair. He was different from other kids, and he could benefit being with kids under similar circumstances. As compelling as her argument was, during the appeal process, the school held onto their decision firmly. He did not fit the qualifications to be enrolled into Xavier’s School for Gifted Children; he was not an “enhanced human”, a.k.a. mutant. He was technically an extraterrestrial humanoid being. So essentially he was not
“That’s so great buddy, do their parents know that you guys are going?” Turning to her brother for assistance, Olive continued, “It might be dangerous in the forest. You know they do a lot of practice drills out there, and there’s probably some equipment out there.”
The room was completely silent, and everyone seemed to stare at Bruce completely dumbfounded. This was literally some cheap alcoholics anonymous knock-off. Everyone cringed at poor Bruce as he intently stared at Steve; his eyes begging for his friend to follow suit. Unfortunately, Steve was intently staring at Sergeant Barnes, who was trying to look at anything
“Well no—”
Maneuvering into position is entirely slapstick. Hilariously, they fling their shirts to the backseat, and shimmy out of their jeans and underwear like they’ve caught on fire, and toss those behind their heads as well. Steve has to bodily haul Tony over the slushbox, the knobs of knees have near run-ins with parts of the anatomy that they definitely should not ever come into contact with, and when Tony overzealously handles the lever on the side of the seat, the two of them flatten in a breath-stealing swoosh.
Tony nods without hesitation because it’s obviously important to her, and for some reason that he can’t quite find the roots of, it’s starting to feel important to him. He’s still here after all, paying for a hotel room he hasn’t slept in and returning only to shower and get back to Rogers. He feels needed here. “And what’s next for you?”
The edges come out browner than Tony would prefer but Steve’s expert icing job hides them well enough and once they’re cooled, they’re arranged on a collection of trays that are absolute eyesores and have got to be a joke. The floor is a mess and there’s flour transfer that turns Tony’s sweater into a lost cause but all in all, it’s beyond good.
“The balls on you,” Tony repeats, sighing a laugh and his touch still traveling Steve's front.
“I will. And on that note, I gotta skip out.” Peter starts circuiting the workbench, picking up notebooks opened to scientific equations that he probably cooked up with Tony and a couple textbooks to push into his backpack. He swings it over his shoulder before saying, “There’s a really big lit test coming up that MJ and I have to study for and we’re gonna grab some burgers for dinner. I’ll be back before late.”
Steve's got cracked ribs, a torn ankle, and he’s spitting blood in medical but he’s alive.
Tony can feel the tension strung taut in Steve’s thighs, running one hand along the chords of muscle. To alleviate some of it, he swallows down half of Steve’s magnificent cock. Forseeing the arch of Steve’s back, he relaxes his jaw, opens the back of his throat, and flutters his tongue.
“You mean since you tried to propose to me over raw fish?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve gasps out, and it incites a seismic shift in him, cracking down to secrets that are buried and feel ancient. Sobbing, he says, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Tony.”
Tony’s in one piece, and relief overwhelms all else.
him. With detail-oriented hands, he removes the rest of Tony’s clothing. They expertly—impatiently—discard Steve’s own. He then takes them for a lazy trip over Tony’s skin, seemingly enraptured from his kneel at Tony’s feet.
--Steve means well but the good intentions don't curb the sting of those words. Tony will never be ready for that day.
Everything about sex with Tony is unbelievably fantastic but this part right here just might be Steve’s favorite part--specifically wonderful--watching Tony’s hand slip along the short hairs that arrow down his stomach, reach back between his legs, and press deep into the crease. With his fingers pumping in and out of his ass, Tony grins knowingly at Steve, a devilish shape around happy, groans that serve to drive Steve crazy and make him ache.
Eventually their teasing wanes into a hush. There’s a scuffle of not quite kisses and smiles against mouths.
Steve nods, gives a small smile that still has a touch of sadness. “Yeah. Go ahead.”
Peggy is saying.
Steve and Tony don’t speak on the past.
“How could I, right? God, in the middle of a pumpkin patch is not how I pictured this happening,” Tony says. “It’s ridiculous and you didn’t really give me any reason to believe this is a date. I want to blame it on Lang but I can’t even do that because I think that I was wishing a little too hard. Look, if it makes you uncomfortable—”
“I’m sorry. For everything.”
He places the folder on his work table when Steve gives it back.
“Then do your worst, hotshot.”
It’s not to say that Steve had ever anticipated the culling of half the universe or its aftermath. No, that’s well beyond the edges of any damnation he could have imagined. However, when he touches himself in the new world and can’t find completion, he’s stolen by surprise, and then anger, that this too has been taken away. At first, he reasons that it’s exhaustion, the sleeplessness more than the sallow stamps under his eyes but infested in his bones as well. He thought it would go away in time. Once the grief lingered long enough for Steve to sleep with it, long enough for Steve to resign himself to the fresh carving it’d seared into his life like a scar with no honor.
“God. You can’t just fucking—Forget what I said before. You are a reckless, irresponsible, life-ruiner of a human being.” Groaning, Tony kisses him where commas are placed, too fast to be precise with their landing. “Don’t move,” he says with one last departing kiss.
He keeps the words to himself.
“Please let the record show that I feel attacked,” Tony says. He starts separating the floating material into individual components before him. “Empty your pockets, accomplice.”
Tony stares at him in wonder. “Steve, that's just...well the encouraging news is that we’re not the first fools to ever be in love. Miscommunication is fairly common. So we've got that going for us.”
“Don’t ‘Tony’ me. Yes, it's three AM but three AM happens to be me at my best so. And I'm not doing anything wrong here,” he says, and he fails at keeping his bitterness behind his teeth.
“I told you to hide and I meant it. You won’t come back. You can’t go because if you do, you will not come back,” Tony stresses, speaking over Steve as if he said nothing and
“This is serious, Cap,” Peter broods, appropriately appalled.
“It’s a lot better than mine.”
The team parades in and out of the communal kitchen while Steve works over the stove. Vision stops by with a quizzical tilt of his head, Nat comes through with a knowing smirk and bites into an apple with a crunch that needs no words, and when Rhodey pops in, he watches Steve for a solid twelve minutes before leaving with a firm nod. Wanda shyly suggests adding cayenne pepper.
Ten years. It’s
“I saw you talking to that woman at the gala. The one you gave your phone number to, Steve. I was trying to do the right thing and step aside. It seemed promising.”
“Come on, fuck me,” Tony says impossibly with a wicked smirk.
Peter groans and looks to Steve for the rescue, pleading. “Will you please tell him not to put repulsors in my suit? Please. I caught him making schematics and they’re horrifying.”
...Tony, you should—”
“Shut up. That was unbelievably horrible,” Steve says, even though he does let out a soft and rough laugh. It’s not at the pitiful joke because it was truly awful; the thrill stems from elsewhere. A love—that still resides on the tip of Steve’s tongue, imploring to be spoken but feels too early, what they’ve started only three months young—for this amazing, godsend of a man, and the sweet freedom he brings with him. Steve’s hands stroke Tony’s dear face, close at his jaw. He kisses him, hoping that Tony reads the gratitude thick in his mouth, the love threatening to burst Steve at his seams. With his heart playing hopscotch, Steve asks, “Can we do that again?”
And well—like a glutton for punishment—Steve remains a believer in chances, no matter how they’re favored to turn out in the end.
“No.” Steve is immediate and resolute. “No. Never, Peter, never.”
Christmas Eve is frankly obnoxious because Steve is That Guy and Tony’s heart has long unfolded to a truth that feels as permanent as evergreen. And it must be love because Steve’s in the kitchen covered in flour-handprints like some sort of bakery bandit, with loud fuzzy socks on, the sleeves of a hideous sweater shoved up his glorious forearms and Tony isn’t running in the other direction.
Steve dries his hands in a towel and turns to him, taking in the weary lines on Tony's face and the underneath of his eyes, smudged with his own case of sleeplessness. Filled with a tender ache, Steve strokes his thumb over the cut of Tony’s jaw and traces the dipping, somber curve of his mouth. “It never occured to me not to. You know that. He’s a good kid and I know how much he means to you.”
“You’re welcome,” Steve manages, hauling himself up. He clears his throat and avoids looking Tony in the eye. “You should get some rest. I’ll check up on you later, okay?”
Tony’s head snaps up because that sounds like it’s going somewhere, somewhere that has his fingers convulsing over his keyboard and creating a line of incoherent vowels and consonants in his document. That is at least until they’re interrupted by one of the students that he is assistant teaching, Scott Lang coming around the stacks like a sure-fire bet to ruin Tony’s day.
“I need to impress a girl with the spots from the book, and reading is boring.”
They welcomed him with open arms and he was engulfed in an ocean of love and gratitude. Under Steve’s hand his heart mended itself and the gash in his hand closed itself up.
She slammed the door shut. Steve made his way down the hallway and hesitated in front of the door. He raised his hand to knock, then lowered it. Maybe Natasha was right, and he should leave Tony alone until the morning. He was probably fine. Probably. Steve shivered. What if he wasn’t fine? Maybe he could listen at the door, and if he heard Tony breathing then that would mean he was okay and Steve could go back to sleep. He put his ear to the door and listened. He couldn’t hear anything. He had amazing hearing, and he couldn’t hear anything, was something wrong? Something was wrong. He tried the doorknob, and it was locked. Not a problem for him. He forced it easily, still riding high on the adrenaline from the nightmare, and stepped into the room.
“What was that? You steal? You try to escape? There is no escape from this mountain,” he hissed, spittle flecking Tony’s face. He stood and turned to the rest of the prisoners.
Natasha raised her cup. “Together.”
When Tony stepped through the door Steve let out a gasp of relief. He ran over and pulled him into a hug, and Tony went willingly, giving his back a few firm pats. Steve held him back by the shoulders and gave him a stern look.
A man swung at Steve and he swung back, knocking him into another man and sending both of them tumbling. The next man shot at him, and Steve ducked out of the way, the edge of the shot singeing his hair and blowing a hole into the building behind him. Steve dodged as concrete rained down, a block knocking down the man with the gun. Four more quickly took his place, all firing on him. Steve rolled out of the way and the entire building behind him started to crumbled. Vision stepped in and braced up the front of the building as people ran out screaming.
“Yet here you sit. You were out, for a brief hour. I had no clue where you were and no way to find out. You could have stayed that way, could have gone to one of the districts and lived out the rest of your life in anonymity. But then again, you were always the sentimental sort, never able to let things go... I saw you found your little friends. ”
”Forget that, what the hell did Tony do to you?!? I need to get Jan, we are in so much trouble.” Clint ran outside without waiting for an answer to any of his questions. Steve finished putting the eggs away, and went upstairs and changed his shirt. It would be easier to argue he was fine if he wasn’t as bloody. He looked at his shoulder. It was healing well. Maybe five days, and it would be like it never happened. A week at most. He put on a new shirt. Dirty. He really needed to do laundry. When he got back downstairs, his two pack mates were waiting for him in the kitchen. Clint was worriedly pacing, and Jan was biting her lip. Steve tried to take control of the situation before it escalated any further. He spread his hands flat on the table.
“And I had never seen humans fly through the sky on wings of metal and wood, yet one still wounded me and killed my friend and his rider.” Tony winced, and Liberty continued. “The rules to life are far more flexible than one might think, and Steven and I were the first to bond, less than five years ago. There are no experts on this.” She tilted her head, noticing Tony’s discomfort. “Why are you sad? This is a joyous thing.”
summon due to an “infraction”.
“No, of course not Steve.” Olive placed a gentle hand on his broad shoulder, “This looks great. I was just shocked…  I-I didn’t realize what Agent West sent us here for… Um… It’s still not super clear to me what we’re doing here.”
is nearly out of Tony’s mouth but his tongue dries on the half-hearted apology at the sight of eyes stained with sky and sea, and the sun-colored fringe that falls in them before it’s finger-combed back.
“Fuck.” A whimper caught in the tumble of a groan breaks out of Steve. He lengthens his spine, toes curling into the prim texture of hotel towels. “That feels, oh my God, Tony.”
“I’m fine to do it. It’s relaxing. You just want me to be lazy on the couch with you,” Steve says. He lets the moment sit, underscored with the washing and rinsing of dishes from that evening’s dinner before asking, “How’s Peter doing?”
Rhodey is hesitant, his face drawn down with worry as he peers at Tony. “Is this—Tony, you know I’ve got to ask. Is this is in any way about Pepper?”
back? Is that some sick joke?” Tony snorts. He pulls on Steve’s other arm until it’s fully extended and wiggles it demonstrably. “Says the guy that’s practically made out of slinkies. I’ve been pretty much fucking Stretch Armstrong for five years.”
“Are you trying to tell me something?”
“Is that the Big Dipper?”
Tony breathes out a whoosh.
When it finally happens, Tony doesn't actually
Steve arrives at the glass outside of the workshop before he even recognizes the scene he’s intruded on. It’s routine to bound down the stairs to Tony’s workshop after a mission, when debriefs are over and he’s swapped the red, white, and blue for neutrals. He expects to find Tony at his bench, working on the armor, but instead, it’s an inverted fever dream before his eyes. Tony’s sitting up naked
Steve shrugs, levering up a decent-sized pumpkin into his wheelbarrow with little effort. “I figure a few more than the kids in the class I student-teach should be safe. There’s this one kid that I’m especially picking out two for. He has ‘smashing pumpkins’ written all over him.”
He hasn’t seen Sharon in two years, and he’s grateful to find her. There’s little fortune in being left behind, but Steve thinks that maybe it’s a sign. Godforsaken or not, Steve still believes. You hold on to the chances you’re given, especially when the world turns to ash around you.
What’s left of the team and new heroes reassemble in New York. His old room—four walls that have watched his back arch on high whines, short grunts, and a shaken name he sometimes can’t bite back—lends him no favors. The deeply dug moans only succeed in exhuming ghosts and suffocating the room with them.
“You just acquired the most popular streaming service in the world and, by some miracle, the Cheeto-in-Chief hasn’t tweeted today. Of course, you’re trending,” Peter says.
Steve’s gaze moves over him in consideration, guarded against hope. “Tony, will
Tony only cozies up to him to get out of the cooling wet spot.
“May passed away in a car accident, Steve. Normal won’t protect him from being hurt. It hasn’t.”
“Apparently it’s going to be an hour before they can get the cooling unit working again,” Tony says when he returns to their hotel suite. He shrugs off his button-up and slings it into the corner chair of the bedroom to join Steve’s already discarded outfit. He skins out of his tank top and once that’s balled up, it follows the shirt.
“That’s not it at all," Steve says. "You mean so much to Tony. More than you know. He hates what brought you here but he's happy having you around.”
“Is Walgreens even a word anymore?” Tony asks, sitting up and letting the comforter slip into folds around his waist. He’s changed into a sweater that’s so creased it must have been dug out of a place he hasn’t visited in a while. Steve’s never seen it. For some reason, he’s never considered Tony owning sweaters, and maybe considering it would have been the truly absurd thing, but it’s an achingly nice look on him, soft. Suddenly, but not uncommonly, Steve desperately wishes that he had the right to curl Tony up and curve against him. He wants badly to press a kiss to the crown of Tony’s head in comfort and drag it down slowly to check the temperature of his heated skin.
To show otherwise, Peter sticks out the phone with an emphasis that wouldn’t be misplaced in a courtroom drama. To be fair, this situation doesn’t permit much dignity.
In the living room, Tony unearths Steve’s present from its hiding spot under the bar and slides it across to Steve, narrowly missing the decanter of brandy that’s gone untouched for the night. He waves off Steve’s objections. “Honestly, did you really think I was going to listen?”
He wants to say how much he loves Tony. Steve loves him, his upsides and his downsides. His corners. There’s not a part of him that Steve doesn’t ache for.
“I’m sorry that was rude,” Steve starts quietly. His worried expressions have melted into these looks of fondness and soft awe that Tony wants to special order in bulk. The crooked smile makes Tony’s spine curl. “However, you talk a lot and you’re my best friend, so I’m sure of two things. You won’t let me get a word in and you’ll talk and talk until you talk yourself out of this. You’ll decide how I feel before I get a chance to tell you and right now, I don’t think I can go another second without telling you that you’re not alone in this. When I said ‘how’, I was wondering how I could have possibly missed this. You make me the furthest thing from uncomfortable. And a date sounds really good, amazingly good.”
“Still, I’d hate for your efforts to go to waste.”
But Steve is so excited to do this--in fierce competition with the children surrounding them--and so viciously adorable that Tony follows him to the alpacas, llamas, calves, pigs, and goats. Steve is over the moon when they reach the goats because apparently his grandmother had a farm full of them when he was a kid. He presses goat feed into Tony’s nervous hands with promises that it won’t bite. Apparently, goats don’t have the teeth to cause serious injury. Its nibbling only tickles the skin of Tony’s palms. It’s not too bad if Tony doesn’t look it directly in the eye. It’s worthwhile given how Steve’s laugh washes over the kicks of wind and the animal’s bleats. The day is nothing that Tony predicted and all the more perfect for it.
It consumes Tony with want.
“A nice one I hope,” Steve says, all faux innocence. Jacking Tony in a wet slide, his lips skim the skin of Tony’s hipbone. It’s tender and turns obscenely so when Steve buries his nose in the juncture of groin and thigh, inhaling and groaning like he loves it.
Born of indulgent, slurring time, roving hands, and colorful language whispered into the crooks of necks to knees—
Steve bends to kiss him, thoroughly, knowing, and in agreement. Idling inches away only for the necessity to speak, he says, “I’m not worried about Peter. Not directly. I just want. I don’t want anyone giving him a hard time. He doesn’t deserve that. On top of everything else. After everything he’s been through.”
“You you, Cappa,” Peter excitedly says right back, and god, that’s adorable.
“You and I will have have an easier go of putting this search together, as well. Better communication. If we misunderstand each other’s emojis, we can discuss it at breakfast. Not that you’ll ever really find me at breakfast. If you ever do, something is
Here in his bedroom, carefully moving over and in Steve, Tony can’t unsee it. He can’t unrattle that rude laugh from the back of his head. Under him, Steve watches Tony like sees right through to the other side of him. He twines their fingers near the headboard, a tight hold that clenches with every cry.
“How’s it go?” Steve starts with a bit of his coy grin in his own downy pillow. “Take a picture, it’ll last longer.”
Cursing under his breath that’s coming hard, Tony’s hips work in shallow thrusts. He rasps, “Feels so good, Steve. It’s too—jesus.”
Lazy minutes limp by and— all too soon, not soon enough—Steve wakes without even stirring. A few blinks and he’s alert, the serum and a soldier’s cognizance stymying the bleed of lethargy.
“What happened to you?”
“Tony, that’s—oh,” Steve moans. His body rolls fluidly under the attention, ribs rippling under the wet heat Tony stripes down the line of Steve’s stomach. He thrusts shallowly, seeking. “Please, please, you gotta.”
“Yeah.” Tony nods and guides Steve’s cock in him, dropping down in a slow friction. Whining, he rocks until he’s fully seated, ass to balls and stuffed thoroughly. He’ll never get over how
Steve’s gaze flickers, lips then eyes and lips once more. “Gandalf and Gimli,” he says, hushed, so near and dear.
When Tony clasps the back of his neck in warning, Steve slips off of him with swollen, pink lips. Exertion colors him from his scalp to his heaving chest. It’d be incredibly flattering on any occasion but it’s stupendously so when taking into account Steve’s chemical makeup.
“There haven’t been any sightings of him, Steve,” Tony says, and he doesn’t know how to make it sound like he’s sorry about that, considering how things tend to play out when Steve and Barnes find each other post-big freeze. Tony continues, “I’ve been on it and combing through Natasha’s file dump. There aren’t any leads so far.”
“Sir, I’ve managed to locate Captain Rogers,” JARVIS says, nearly four hours after Rogers has gone off Tony’s grid. Tony is trying not to acknowledge exactly how impressive that is. His workstation still has the black and white image of Rogers’ face hidden under the bill of a baseball cap pulled low, caught in the act of pilfering his Smithsonian owned uniform.
“Hah, I don’t forget anything and that gem is priceless so no, not a chance, hotstuff.”
“I wasn’t concerned with that. That was never—I didn’t care about that. I didn’t think about that. Tony, I know how your parents’ death destroyed you before. I didn’t want to put you through that again. The idea of that, I couldn’t take it.” Steve finishes, words scarred with defeat, “Tony, I was trying my best.”
Tony inches in, looping Steve’s arms around his neck. His lips graze Steve’s ear and the brush of his peculiar beard causes him to shiver. Confidently, Tony whispers, “You’ll be amazing.”
Not that he’d needed it—and Steve is purely kinetic even when he’s curbing his speed—but Tony gave him a three-second head start before bolting from the kitchen table and chasing him to the elevator and telling JARVIS to stop it between floors. He’d forgotten about the Triskelion for a whole
“You’ve got pet hair all over your coat,” Tony notices aloud, interrupting him. He looks up at Steve, irrationally and desperately longing to know this about him. “You’ve never said. Why have you never said? What do you have?”
“Think it’s more a gift for you than it is for me.”
“Maybe that’s alright,” Steve says low but the indifferent pitch is gone, same as the quirk of his playful smile. He’s looking right into Tony’s eyes without a hint of sarcasm.
“Innovative isn’t the word I’d use since I bought it, online at that, but now I’m thinking that I could have made it. You sharpie and bake it, right? Huh, maybe next birthday but anyhow when you went to use the restroom at the gallery, I ran it by the girl at the counter. You know, never dismiss the chance for an objective opinion. She approved, said it may not actually work but that you’d appreciate the thought,” Tony says. “So there.”
Tony hadn’t been aware of the apprehension flickering in his chest but Steve’s agreement douses it with cool relief.
but people are doing it here in Chicago, outside using spatulas to flip eggs in the form of a ‘challenge’ and in direct defiance of numerous heat advisories.
“You could have asked, Tony. We’re friends, right? I like--” Steve hesitates briefly before continuing, seemingly foritied. “I like what we do. I like it a lot but that doesn’t mean more to me than your friendship. You can’t stop talking to me without at least letting me know why. And I wouldn’t start something without letting you know. If there’s ever anyone, I’ll tell you. You’ll be the first person I’ll tell. I didn’t mean to worry you but you’ll always be my friend first and foremost.”
Tony ignores that because they’re becoming friends, he thinks. Steve now just sounds equal parts amused by and resigned to the universal laws of Tony’s nature. That’s basically the textbook definition of friendship with Tony.
“I’m Tony.” Steve’s hand is warm in his, filled with heat, and so, so much trouble. Swallowing, he continues, “Tony Stark.”
Close is better than nothing.
And Tony does.
“Yes, it’ll come back in a few minutes,” Tony replies before his sex-drenched laughter fills the room, and Steve is very into the way it lights his eyes.
“Okay. I know that I’ve been recently betrayed and maybe you’re experiencing sympathy pains or paranoia or something. I understand that, but Peggy and my father were friends. Good friends,” Tony emphasizes. “The one true friend he had. I’m certain of that. There’s—Peggy Carter is someone I have no doubts about. She’s not involved.”
“Wait. Just. Let’s hold on here for a second,” Steve says, hands out like he’s signalling traffic. A grin starts and stops on his face, starts and stops, keeps checking itself with disbelief. Bafflement and wonder are writ large on his face. “Tony, you want to get married?”
Steve steps close, and Tony’s missed him. Like his entire being. He’s missed the composite they make. He tells him exactly that, filter laid at the wayside.
“That’s not likely,” Tony says softly, gives him a small smile. “Just tell me, Steve.”
And that’s all the warning Steve gets before he’s swallowed again, Tony humming around him like he loves it, and from past conversation, Steve knows that he does. The humming turns choked and the shape of Tony’s lips touch the base of his cock. Paired with the chilled thumb that brushes behind his sac and presses down hard on the learned spot that sets off stars behind his eyes, Steve comes on a hoarse sob and is sent into a seizing white-out.
“Keep your voice down,” Tony whispers fiercely. “Get me out of here.”
Tony yelps and squirms out from under him. “The blatant disrespect for the afterglow. You are the biggest troublemaker I know and considering the company we keep, that is a substantial indictment.”
Peter rolls his eyes. “Yeah. That lecture on integrity, viruses, and dastardly porn ads had finally faded after being burned into my brain. Thanks for bringing it back, though.” He shrugs. “I’ve been bumming off of Ned’s, Dad. I’d like my own though, one that’s personalized to my own tastes, you know?”
And there goes the comfort. “You would’ve been,” Tony finishes for her because he can’t bear to hear
“That is a choice understatement, actually. It’s amazing,” Steve says, smiling back. He leans in and kisses the warm give of Tony’s lips. “I love it. Now, tell me how you made it.”
“Don’t. Please don’t,” Tony begs, a croaky mess of alcohol and hurt. Shit it hurts so much. He’d had no idea how inconsolable the other side of this could make him feel.
And before Tony can finish the question, it’s being kissed from his lips. The sort of kiss that causes a shiver to cop a feel up Tony’s spine and coaxes him horizontal. He arches up into the marks that are being sucked at his throat and necklacing his chest, the pin of Steve’s rutting hips on his twitching cock.
“No,” Tony replies, gesturing with a hand that barely leaves his side. “I’m fine. It’s just a cold.”
To quiet it, Tony snatches a glass of champagne from a passing member of the waitstaff. Sipping dutifully and manufacturing his expression into one of engagement, he rejoins the group of surgeons that has doubled in size since he left.
“It doesn’t feel like it will,” Peter says, shaking his head. His dark curls hang in front of his eyes, making him look young and utterly despondent. “I miss her every day.”
“Great,” he says instead as his mind thinks on six different ways to rid of the undercover hockey pucks, each effort increasingly complicated but doable.
“It’s okay,” Tony starts, gesturing vaguely. “If you don’t want to do this. I’m not gonna hold it against you. It’s not a deal-breaker for me. I don’t know if it is for you but—”
Steve borrows courage from Tony and makes his own confessions, his voice scraped raw, “I don’t think that I could have made it if you hadn’t stepped off that ship. I couldn’t lose you again. Not like that.”
“We don’t have to, Tony. You’ve done so much already. It’s really not necessary,” Steve insists.
“Necking?” With a hard wince, Steve says, “That’s fast, don’t you think?”
With eyes that catch and don’t abandon Tony’s gaze, Steve withdraws his fingers and Tony’s body, like always, takes Steve’s cock in like it’s just another part of itself.
Sam laughs and claps him on the shoulder. “Hate to break it to you, Steve, but they sell this in cans, even in tubs. Like millions of them. And this”--he gestures to the stove, the cutting board, and the stretch of countertop that’s dusted with flour--“is obviously a delicious, painstaking, homemade declaration of love. It’s the culinary variation of holding up a boombox outside his window. It’s bold, man.”
Tony’s smile is easy and handsome, private for all it’s just the two of them down in the garage. Tactile and close, he skims Steve’s collar with his fingers, his voice and lashes on a low slant. “So I guess it’s safe to say that you like it.”
It starts up in our bedroom after the war
“Yeah? Not exactly shocking. It’s a good one. Very virtuous tale, right up your alley,” Tony replies. His soot-colored eyelashes are spiked with sweat and canopy a brown that tracks over Steve’s face, glitters even with the lack of light. His damp chest swells on a deep breath and then recycling it out, he says, “So that was just the warm-up. You still with me?”
“There are plenty of people here who would probably be happy to assist you if you were in fact being kidnapped. I know you get wary of anything that remotely resembles a remote life, but I promise you, you’re not being kidnapped.” Steve says and Tony follows him out of the gravel parking lot. Where gravel changes into dried mud and patches of grass, Steve exchanges money for entrance beyond a gated area.
“In case you missed it, I am very into you.” Tony’s gaze is sincere and warm. He’s got such great eyes and with Steve, they give anything away. “Look up smitten and I'm there. Also sexy, smart."
“So he’s without credence because he’s not eclectic?” Rogers challenges. He’s got his brow raised and crosses his arms before him. Tony wonders again: does the man ever buy clothes in his size?
Wanting to shake Steve out of his chivalry, Tony tries to hang back a couple of times after a lecture, meandering in the dregs of the class until they're alone but whenever he does, Steve’s face shadows with shame and it’s like talking at a really pretty statue. Except maybe marble would be more animate because Steve doesn’t give anything away as Tony prattles on like an idiot and when Tony finishes, hoping and helpless, Steve’s response is unchanging.
“No. Not all of them. Not even half, honestly. There’s just a lot to go through. Takes time,” Steve says. Gesturing out palm up, he adds on. “Funny enough, I actually just finished yours a little while ago. Very memorable.”
With a flare of pride, Steve studies the grip Tony has on the water, how his fingers tighten. He’s getting stronger, sitting up on his own, and Steve couldn’t help the small smile if he wanted to. “You definitely could.”
Steve’s breath catches and his nerves start leaping like lizards. He can feel sweat at the base of his spine; anxiety takes possession of his fingers because suddenly things are moving awfully fast but Tony quickly steals them back. He turns Steve’s trembling hands palm up and places one kiss each to their love lines. Steve would hardly know better but he’s sure that the gesture isn’t commonplace in the narrative of a one night stand. It’s unspeakably sweet, and Steve finds himself caring less and less about what brought Tony here. It’s just. Well.
She waved her hand through the air, as if clearing his words away.  “He makes it interesting. When he walks into a room you want to look at him. And when he looks back, god. His eyes are just really really clear, and it's intense. You, you're like… washed out. You're dull. Like his eyes are so crazy, like storms and clouds and shit, and you're like a pond. Not a good pond. The pond by my house with a lot of algae and too many ducks shitting in it. When I see his hair I think fun words like chestnut. You, I think words like dishwater blonde. He just makes it more somehow. He makes you want to be a part of that more, to hang around him until it rubs off on you.”
Bruce explained what they had, and it was significantly more than Tony had been expecting.
That was anticlimactic. Was he actually just checking? In that case... “Speaking of which, I don’t suppose you could fix the water heater too?”
It cut back to the Capital woman, who held Steve’s hand in the air.
Tony had nothing to give. He shook his head and closed his eyes. He ripped away the final tatters of their bond, not wanting to feel any of the pain of betrayal racing through Steve.
Instead he woke up in the hospital, people patting him on the back and calling him ‘Captain America’, the man with the plan, a practical superhero. Steve didn’t know if it was killing the queen specifically, or that he had finally gotten them all, but he had broken the loop. It was a new day.
Steve stopped shouting and there was a scuff of his shoe as he kneeled in front of Tony. He grabbed his chin and gently tilted his head up.
“Captain America!” The man with the ball yelled. “You will let my friend go, or else I will shoot your more charming counterpart here.” He waved the gun threateningly at the dazed man’s head, and shook him roughly to emphasize his point.
About a week later, the Avengers were all hanging out in the kitchen eating breakfast. Steve was eating plate after plate of scrambled eggs. Sam, Clint and Natasha were eating the same, at a much more sedate pace, while Tony was standing by the counter drinking coffee almost as fast as Steve was shoveling down the eggs.
Steve waved him away. “What about online dating? We’ll help you make a profile.”
“Are you saying you trust him more than me? After all I’ve done for you and for the Capital?”
“I was sad too.”
Tony wiped the sweat off his brow with a shaky hand. A whip cracked above his head and he flinched.
“Steve?” the familiar stranger asked.
Brian shrugged. “I'll probably stay a few more days to work out all the paperwork and purchase the final jewel from the collector. Then I'll go back to England. I don't think America has much need for a Captain Britain, especially when she has such a fine captain of her own,” he joked. “It's been a pleasure working with you.” He held out his hand.
Steve dropped it. If he could trust Tony with his heart a second time, and trust him to help piece together Bucky’s shattered mind, and to whip the accords into something reasonable, he could trust Tony to feed himself. Tony gave his leg a few pats under the table.
He blurted out the first thing he could think of.
“Because the answer is no. Having a fling is not going to be worth the amount of drama and trouble it’s going to produce.”
Tony nodded and opened his bag he had inherited from Yinsen, and dug around. He pulled out his needle and thread and started on the bottom of the slash, forcing the needle through thick flesh that was hidden under the scales. It wasn’t going to be enough. Under his hands the dragons’ chest ceased to rise and fall. Through the tears in the flesh he saw the heart stop. The heart… if it was the heart, there might be something he could do. He raced over the cart and tore all the wires apart, the lights going out and plunging the woods into darkness. He dug through to the bottom of the cart,  where the battery rested. He pulled it out and rushed back. Steve was slumped over the dragon, their heads resting together. Neither of them were moving. Tony kneeled in front of the dragon and tried to see. It was too dark, the moon barely breaking through the trees and the battery in his hands barely glowing. It was almost dead. Tony pulled his shirt up and held the edge in his teeth, the battery in his chest lighting up the night with strong blue light. He wound and wrapped the thin wire around the heart, just like his. As he had been haunted by weeks of nightmares over watching Yinsen dig around in his chest with no anesthesia, now he was thankful, because what had to happen was forever burned into his mind, the full step by step process to build a battery powered heart. Tony twisted the wires as fast as he could, finally connecting them to the battery that he pushed into the dragon’s chest. Tony felt a jolt of electricity run through him, and his chest burned. He felt every beat of his own heart, like it was fighting an uphill battle, dragging an impossible weight. His heart beat, once, then again. Under his hands the dragon’s heart started to beat in perfect harmony. The dragon drew in a breath and Tony would have swore he felt it in his own chest. He stitched the wound shut, and wound his remaining bandages tight across the dragon’s massive chest. With the immediate problem taken care of, Tony turned to Steve, who was gently stroking his dragon’s head, whispering gentle words of reassurance. He looked up at Tony.
“Every step of the way.” Steve promised.
Thank you for reading!
“You could make her pay to fix your wall,” suggested Falcon helpfully.
Steve shut the door and leaned against the kitchen counter with his arms crossed. “Why? Just read the book.”
“From now on you can probably just assume that if you're in the room, I'm not.” Steve knew he was being petty, and couldn't bring himself to care.
Tony laughed and brushed a hand through Steve’s hair, careful to avoid the back of his head. “I don’t think it’s that simple.”
Loki stepped forward into the circle of men, the golden horns of his helm glinted sharply. He came to a stop in front of Tony, and looked down on him.
“Of course I don’t want to be here. I’m going to die! Or murder other people! Probably both! What sort of psychopath would agree to that?”
“Hello, Lord Stark.”
“Hey!”
“Shut up, I'm being your wing man!” He hissed back, before switching back to his overly loud voice, drowning out Steve as he desperate pleaded that he really, for sure, definitely did not want a wing man, or even to try to flirt any more. Clint was not dissuaded.
“Obie!”
“Yeah.” There was a long pause. “Do you like hamburgers?”
Tony finished putting on his armor, and gave his gauntlet one last whack on the table. It remained dark. “Well, until I have a chance to bang the dents out of this tin can I’m not going to turn down any extra luck. I’ll be back in an hour or two, don’t wait up.”
“If they’re at the tree then they’re under ten feet of snow! We have to turn back!”
“I didn’t do anything.”
The gods of chance had spoken, and Tony had lost the hunger games.
Bucky grabbed Steve’s arm. “It was a trap, it was all a trap. Stane has been behind everything. The pack I met? They work for Stane, they killed our pack, and they were camped out to finish the job after the wedding.”
This wasn’t the first time he had had a nightmare about Siberia, but they had been starting to taper off. Seeing Tony had brought it all back. He breathed deeply into the coat. Tony was fine, he had seen him a few hours ago and he had been fine. More fine than Steve.
Steve laughed and returned to work. Tony shook his head, trying to knock the thoughts out of his mind. He had always admired the Captain from affair, as many had. Now up close and personal, Tony found himself developing more than a passing fancy to the man. As if reading his thoughts, Steve winked at him. Tony smiled weakly back. Even if Steve was interested, they were in the midst of planning a escape and subsequent rebellion. Neither of them would have time to build anything of consequence between them. And Steve didn’t know the truth of Tony’s surname, and would turn upon him once he realized. Tony couldn’t jeopardize everyone’s chance of finding the rebel camp by angering Steve now, and sending him off on his dragon and leaving everyone else to wander the mountains until they died of exposure. Tony doubted that Steve would take out his frustrations towards Tony on the rest of the camp, but he couldn’t risk it. And Tony wasn’t too proud to admit that he luxuriated in the attention Steve gave him. To watch the easy affection turn to betrayal would tear his already damaged heart in two. He heart was hurting now at the thought. Really, really hurting. Tony clutched at his chest and fell to his knees, gasping. Next to him Steve collapsed, a scream trapped behind pursed lips.
“All out of mercy today, sorry. You’re going to have to get back in there.”
Now he was actually in the arena. This wasn’t a nightmare he could wake up from.
“You said she promised not to harm me. Is it true that you two can talk to each other?”
Steve lived in a dull grey apartment complex on the non hipster side of the Brooklyn borough. The street smelled like sauerkraut and muddy water, and Tony stepped over garbage lying in the street with a grimace. How could a guy who lived here know where the good places were? This guy’s idea of fine dining was probably McDonalds.
Steve pulled Tony close and whispered loud enough for Jan’s werewolf hearing to pick it up. “She’s got abandonment issues, it’s sad. Good luck Tony.”
“No Clint, please tell me more.” Said Jan with fiendish glee.
He held out his dice and the woman hanging off his arm blew on them. Then Tony held out the dice to Rhodey. “Come on Honey Bear, give me a little good luck.”
“Why do you and Natasha keep saying that? It went awful. Every interaction I’ve had with him so far has been ten steps backwards from where I want to go.”
“I think we need to have a chat,” Cap said to the other captain sternly.
“Plans?” Steve squeaked, going even redder. This was hilarious. Tony wondered how far he could push him.
“Well?” Tony asked impatiently, arranging and rearranging the ingredients. He balanced a teaspoon on top of a quarter teaspoon and tried to spin it. It didn’t work, spinning off to hit the floor. Tony left it there.
“Right. Real jokester, that’s me.” Tony said hesitantly.
Bucky let out a rough laugh. “You’re telling me, pal!”
Everyone looked at Steve, who as team leader made the final decision. He looked like he was eating lemons but spit out an affirmative. Tony leaned forward on the table to see Brian better and said, “I can't believe someone stole the Crown Jewels and it didn't even make the papers.”
“You betrayed my trust.”
He grabbed Tony by the wrist and dragged him, pulling him over sharp rocks and sticks. Tony had nothing left in him to fight it. After about fifteen minutes they arrived at the camp, which ended up being a small wooden structure of branches put together with mud and twine. Surprisingly there was another tribute there, a small thin boy. The first tribute dumped Tony by the smaller boys feet.
Stane kept his eyes locked onto Tony’s as he reached around his desk, his hand closing on an envelope opener. He raised it above his head, the sharp edge gleaming. He stabbed down and Tony kicked his legs out, hitting Stance in the gut. His grip loosened and Tony pushed his way free, sliding over the desk to land on the other side. He pressed a hand to his chest where Stane had cut him. Blood wet his palm.
In the previous two chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in exchange for a dowry he can use to pay of the debt on his family's ranch. They don't get along, and consider breaking off the engagement.
“What do we do now?” Bruce asked. “Wait them out? Hope they change their minds?”
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to hurt you. My name is Yinsen, I’m from district 10. I was planning to be a doctor when I grew up, and I can help you.”
“What?” Tony asked dumbly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve frowned but got up, and went to see the other dragons. Liberty turned her full attention to Tony.
Tony frowned into the distance, already thinking it through. “Well….” he started…”I'd probably have to be some form of reactor, there wouldn't be enough room for any other decent power supply without weighing down the boot. But I don’t think I could get a reactor much smaller than the one powering the suit without it becoming radioactive and unstable.” He continued, talking more to himself at this point, and Steve relaxed. Tony hadn’t realized his friend was tense until he watched his shoulders come down to normal. Must have been stressed about going in to fight alone.
Steve was pissed. Fuck being polite. He’d been civil for a whole ten minutes and he wasn't getting any of the things he was here to negotiate for, so he might as well get in a few cheap shots.
“Aye. Help me up.”
“Not to interrupt the love fest, but where the hell are we?” Clint asked, leaning against the side of the tube. Tony regretfully pulled away from Steve, still keeping an arm wrapped around his waist to keep him close.
Footsteps approached from the hallway. “Steve, you in here?” Bucky asked.
The work never ended on the ranch, and they were horribly understaffed. After meeting him, he doubted Tony was going to be anything more than another mouth to feed, and he was going to use up almost the entire dowry to pay off the loan on the house, and what was left would go towards paying of the bills on the truck. He might have just dug himself into a deeper hole to get the bank off his back in the short run. Too late to worry about it now, there was alfalfa to be tossed and cattle to be rounded up and-well, you get the picture.
“Look here, I found a little rabbit in his burrow.”
Ok, Steve understood Jan and Clint trying to set him up. The question was, why was Tony playing along? This was just embarrassing, a high class guy like him had to be used to a lot more flash and charm than this. Even if somehow Jan and Clint had been right and he liked him, that sure wasn’t going to last for long with Clint acting as ‘wingman’.
“Where are we going?”
His eyes fell on a little toy robot dog. He had always wanted a dog, but he hadn’t been allowed when he was younger and now he traveled too much to take care of one. What if he built himself a pet?
“Fake a video?”
Tony cracked open an eye and growled at him. “It is way too early for talking, Steven.”
Steve shrugged. “We got separated by the fire. As soon as the smoke clears I need to go find them. Until then, I’d like to rest.”
Steve must have finished suiting up because took over the comms in full captain mode. “ETA about 10 minutes Iron Man. Do not engage until we get there.”
They had him in a truly awful baby blue suit (why did they always try to put him in baby blue?) that looked and felt like it was stapled together, but while the stylists had fussed over his suit and hair for a half an hour, he had been able to use his phone to hack into the building’s broadcast system. He cued up a command so all he had to do was press a button, and all of the peacekeepers would go running. He tucked his phone back into his pocket, and chatted with Rhodey as the stylists did terrible things to his hair.
The pizza arrived and the team settled at the table, new chairs being pulled up to fit more people as Scott and Sam and Carol joined everyone. Steve took his normal spot next to Tony and Tony rolled with it. Rhodey and Sam were debating whether pineapple belongs on pizza, Vision had a piece on his plate to be a good sport despite not having to eat, and Natasha was eating it with a fork because she was Russian and enjoyed how angry that made the rest of them for no rational reason. Things really were exactly like they used to be, plus a few new faces. Tony was even eating, and it was like pulling teeth to get him to eat anything besides his green shakes and the occasional cheeseburger. He claimed that he snacked and that was good enough, though a few handfuls of dried blueberries weren’t enough to make up for skipping meals in Steve’s opinion.
“You’re one small cog in a big system all based around zero accountability. By your action or by your inaction, we are going to die. The least you can do is recognize that!”
“Have I told you how to stop the loop?”
“Habanero? I bet that’s spicy. Steve, how much would you bet me to put this all over my pizza?”
And he's always in the center of the room, and he's always got something nice to say, and you're over here, moping in the corner that you're such a nice guy, why don't people like me?” She finished in a high mocking voice.
“Who’s the MVP?”
“Getting there.” he said with a faded smile.
“Yeah, I can tell.”
His eyes brightened and he laughed his loud and honest laugh as Jan and Clint yelled back.
“I’m glad I found you again, otherwise I would have froze last night.” Tony paused, trying to think of a way to make it more romantic without making Steve uncomfortable. Implying they were doing anything other than sleeping was out of the question. What if Steve got embarrassed and decided to sleep further away next time? Unacceptable. He wanted to be back in the den where it was warm and hidden with Steve holding him right now, instead of screaming into the wind and hoping that it was loud enough for the cameras and not loud enough to attract danger.
Inside Stark Industries, Tony was signing away the company and pack to Pepper. After watching him shift to a wolf, years of conditioning told the pack that Tony was a danger who could not be trusted. He was also close to Stane, and everyone else close to their previous leader was currently in jail. The final straw was that Tony was still firmly anti weapon. The pack did not want him back, even if Tony was willing, which was debatable. Tony had taken to the country life surprisingly well, and didn’t want to leave the ranch. Instead, he convinced others to come join them. After the disastrous wedding, some of the members of the Stark pack began to doubt what Stane had taught them. A quick demonstration of an easy shift and a safe wolf form had them convinced to switch packs, and left Steve airing out rooms in the house that had been empty for years. Rhodey, Thor, Bruce, Natasha, Sam, Pietro, Wanda and Hank moved in and never looked back. Pepper and her husband Happy stayed behind at the Stark pack, to slowly guide them away from weapons without putting the company under and everyone out of work. It was a difficult job, but Tony was sure that if anyone could do it, it would be Pepper.
He put his phone away and parted ways with Steve to go back to his hotel. On his way back he passed a homegoods store and paused. He should buy Steve a fridge, that way he’d have a spot to put his leftovers. He went inside and picked out the biggest and nicest one they had, and paid to have it sent to Steve’s apartment. A voice inside his head that sounded suspiciously like Pepper said that this was a bad idea. Why was this a bad idea? He thought it through. He went back and cancelled the order.
“Get back to work!”
“I fixed the stove. You didn’t have to eat that cold.”
“Cows don't have houses.” Steve muttered, being purposely belligerent. Tony smacked his hand on the table.
“You’re supposed to complete the interview.”
Steve felt his vision grow dark around the edges then go black.
Tony made a confused noise that turned into a growl and he pushed Steve’s hand away.
“Oh, don’t be that way Steven. You’ve been in bed all day, nap times over.”
They both trailed off, and Tony tried to process what Bruce had said. That was already what happened? Bruce hadn’t volunteered?
He wanted this, he wanted Tony. Tony felt a laugh bubble up in his chest. Tony stroked his hand up and down Steve’s side, and Steve let him, because he wanted this. Amazing. He was trapped in a fucking death arena and Tony had never been so happy.
“Drive!” He yelled with a laugh, and Steve pushed the pedal to the floor. They shot out of the parking lot, and down a road headed away from the battle field. Tony blasted any Chitauri that followed, laughing with joy. Steve drove until the car ran out of gas, and eased to a stop. Tony jumped off the roof with a screech of metal and pulled the door open.
“The state of the printer was really not my point.” he said with a sigh.
“I’ve got this, alright?” They made eye contact for a few seconds, and Jan huffed. She spun on her heel and left the room. Tony resettled himself on the side of the bed, bouncing it slightly. He sat in silence for a few seconds, absentmindedly rubbing his hand on the sheet, then stopped when he realized he was getting it dirty. He looked at Steve, who was still turned away, ignoring him to the best of his ability.
