“Once I saw the hint of reciprocation, I wanted to. Believe me. But I panicked. I couldn’t bear the thought of disappointing you.”
Cas let out an exasperated sigh. Gabriel was relentless when it came to stuff like this, so if he wanted to go home, he knew he would have to be honest about what occurred. He didn’t like it though.
“I guess he worries that if I jump into a relationship too soon, I’ll miss out on certain experiences. But I honestly can’t think of anything I’d rather do than be with Cas. Nobody else gets me like he does. I don’t see the point in wasting time with casual dating when he’s right here.”
“Great! Here,” Castiel reached for a piece of paper from the table and handed it to him. “The meeting begins at 3:30, but the first twenty minutes will most likely just be conversing over snacks, so if you need to be a bit late, it should be fine.”
“That’s the student LGBT+ group, right? I think I remember seeing it at the activity fair on the first day of school.”
“Awe, isn’t he the sweetest?” Charlie grinned which earned her a punch to the shoulder. “Haha, feisty too. Come and get him, boys.”
“Sure,” Sam ushered his brother inside, “Eileen loves her, but why didn't you just leave her at the bunker? Cas said he would be there all day.”
“Alright, come on, Sammy. We should get to class,” he wrapped his arm around his brother’s shoulder and waived to Castiel.
“Just email me a quick hello when you find your login information. That way, I can put you in my contacts.”
“We didn’t talk much. To tell you the truth, I actually haven’t seen him in years. He picked up and left on some mission for self-discovery when I was twelve, so Michael has been taking care of us. He might’ve known, but if he did, he didn’t mention it.”
“If you do, just breathe and remember that this is a moment for empowerment. You are taking control of your happiness, and it doesn’t matter what anyone else thinks.”
Dean rubbed his neck awkwardly. He thought of Cas’s bright smile, his rosy cheeks, and his little stubble. God, he yearned to feel that against his face when they eventually kiss.
“Um, sorry, but you’re standing in front of my booth. People can’t really see the sign,” he motioned to the poster taped to the edge of the table which Dean was obstructing.
“I appreciate you telling me. It does actually make me feel better to know that Cas isn’t alone in this.”
As the first day of school drags on, Dean is relieved to find a familiar face in one of his classes which brings his spirits up.
He dialed Sam and waited, anxiously, for his brother to pick up. He couldn't believe he went to the jewelers without knowing what size to get. He felt like an idiot.
“Well, thanks for making me feel like a complete jerk…” Michael wiped a hand across his face. “What can I do to fix it?”
“Don’t worry. I’m definitely considering. Just gotta take the leap first. I think I’ll try to talk to him tonight. My dad is going out with one of his buddies to play pool, so it’ll just be the two of us.”
He disappeared again and returned a few seconds later with a damp paper towel. Rather than handing it over, he proceeded to clean the marker himself. Dean held his breath as Cas held his head up to scrub. When he finished, his fingers remained on the edge of Dean’s jaw for a moment. Their eyes locked again, and there was no denying the flush in both their cheeks. Dean didn’t mean to, but he let his gaze drop to Cas’s lips. He licked his own. The action did not go unnoticed, but rather than addressing it, Cas pulled away. He didn’t look upset or even embarrassed. Instead, he gave Dean a solemn smile. If he didn’t know better, Dean would’ve said it was a look of someone longing for something. That couldn’t be though. Could it?
“Um, I’m not really sure if I...” Dean lowered his voice a little, “I don’t know if I am...you know.”
“Sure, I just need to make a quick stop first. I told my brother I’d meet him in the cafeteria before his thing with the debate team. Is that alright?”
“Yeah. Uh, Cas said you might have some questions, so I just want to let you know that you can ask me stuff if you want.”
“Probably heaven. He’s been hanging around here the past few days, so I imagine he wanted to check in to make sure things were alright up there.”
“Jack got some marker on Dean’s face, and I was helping him clean up. I didn’t mean to, but I guess I held my hand on his face too long, and the way he looked at me...he said he was thinking about kissing me.”
“What do you mean? You saved me is what you did,” he said, firmly, “And I don’t just mean from hell. You’ve saved me from....well, me.”
“Your server will be with you in a moment,” the man handed them each a menu before returning to his post.
The next person to say something was Claire. She offered them both a “congratulations” before punching them in the shoulders. To Dean’s surprise, it actually hurt quite a bit, but he was determined not to show it. It became a little harder when Kaia came up because he worried she would mimic her girlfriend’s sign of affection. Luckily, she just went in for a hug (only after Cas found a safe space to lay aside his honeypot because he was worried about dropping it). A few others followed with their own friendly statements and offers of support. They appreciated it greatly, although Cas was shocked to see that some of them, namely Balthazar, were even in attendance that day. It was a nice surprise.
“You think so?” Dean chuckled. “Alright, let’s test this. You be you, and I’ll be the dinosaur. You show me some of your moves.”
“I meant what I said about how you are incredibly important to me. I don’t want to lose you, especially over something like this. It’s my fault anyway for not telling you sooner,” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s jawline much like he had done the other day, and Dean leaned into the touch.
John released his hold on Dean and stared at his youngest son in shock. Sam, noticing the marks on Dean’s arm, felt sick to his stomach, but he did his best to appear headstrong.
“Gabriel does stand-up on Friday and Saturday nights at a comedy club downtown,” Cas clarified, still not making eye contact with Dean.
“You want to go to the dance with Cas, don’t you? And that’s why you’ve been acting weird. You haven’t asked him yet.”
Cas hopped off of him and rounded the side of the bed. As he passed, Dean playfully slapped his butt.
“It’s ok. I don’t expect you to eat lunch with the debate kids everyday or at all if it’s awkward for you. I can see how it might be considering most of the people in my friend group are freshman. You deserve to spend time with your own friends.”
“There’s a diner a couple of blocks from school that’s not too expensive. You know the one we went to when we first moved here? Where I got that huge milkshake and barely made it home without messing my pants.”
“Um, I’m getting a little hungry. Maybe we should take a break, and I can order that pizza,” Cas's voice was fairly calm given the situation.
“Yeah, but lunch is only a half an hour, so a few minutes both ways takes up quite a bit of relaxation and eating time.”
Sam tugged on Dean’s arm and led him and Cas in her direction to say hello. When Eileen caught sight of them, she paused her conversation and smiled.
Dean grinned, proudly. For a few moments, they sat and ate in silence. Cas stared out across the lake, admiring the way the moon shone on the water. It was peaceful, dazzling. Then, he turned to his partner, the look of wonder on his face never wavering. Dean glanced up from his dessert and raised an eyebrow.
“No, thank you. I’m going to call Gabriel to pick me up. He should be home from work now. I just need to take some time to ground myself, and it’ll be easier if I do it away from everyone.”
“You did nothing, wrong, Cas,” Dean told him, “If I seem upset, it’s because I wish I knew how to express how serious I am about us. This doesn’t change anything, Cas. You are who you are, and I don’t want you to change. I’m not like those other jerks. How can I prove that to you?”
As they walked inside, Sam made a beeline for the bedroom. Dean was about to follow, but he stopped when he spotted the bag of burgers that someone, presumably his father,  had left on the counter in the kitchen. It looked like it had been there awhile, so it was surely cold, but Dean was starving since he had only eaten that one granola bar that Cas had offered to him. It would only take a quick pop into the microwave to make them semi-edible again. He turned towards the bedroom and considered asking Sam if he wanted one. Before he could go and ask, he heard a rumbling sound from the living room. It sounded like somebody had fallen asleep with a head cold.
“It’s not that. Well, it’s kinda that...but mostly it’s because this is supposed to be special, intimate. It’s only really meant for Cas to hear,” his voice softened as he spoke. “Can we please just stick with the dancing?”
“Nah, Jack. I guess Cas was off doing something,” Dean set his phone on the table and took a sip of his beer.
“Are you sure about that?” Sam asked. “He did say he was still a bit hesitant about the whole you being gay thing. He might be a little apprehensive about having your boyfriend there overnight.”
“Not much. It was more just to inform teachers what was going on. There was no plan outlined. Hence, I’m going to talk to him right now before he does anything stupid. I’m not a student, though, so I need backup.”
“I guess you’re not the only one playing Mr. Romantic,” Sam said in a low voice so there was no chance of Cas hearing.
The boys nodded and rolled off the bed. They followed Gabe downstairs for what turned out to actually be soup. Or rather a stew, and a damn good one at that. Michael sure knew his way around the kitchen, though Jack made it very clear that he helped by ‘stirring it to perfection’. Michael patted him on the back to reward him for his superior service.
“You’re welcome to come back later if you don’t want to sit around and wait for them,” Cas suggested. "I'm sure there's more interesting things you could be doing."
“Wait,” Cas began. “It was my idea to do the parade to begin with. It’s my fault we are in this mess, and I owe it to everyone to protect them from any harm caused by my decisions…” he paused for a moment, glancing solemnly at Dean. “We’ll do it. And until further notice, I am going to step down as co-president since my ambition seems to have gotten out of hand.”
Dean noticed that Cas’s cheeks were a rosy pink now which was adorable and only made his own tomato face grow more apparent. Furthermore, his knees were starting to feel a bit like jelly. Fuck, how could something so simple make him feel this way?
“That’s fine too. It’s an alliance, Dean. Straight people are just as welcome as anyone else. We encourage it actually because the more straight allies we have, the less stigmatized the group becomes.”
“Also, I want you to know that I’m not going anywhere. You’re honestly the best friend I’ve ever had, and I don’t give a damn about what your brother or anyone at school thinks.”
“Sounds good. Have fun,” he ruffled Cas’s hair, much to his dismay. “If you aren’t awake when I get back, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I do. Actually, Cas said that if I felt comfortable I could walk with them in the Homecoming parade.”
“Cas, huh? You know, you never did tell me what happened at the mall on Monday,” Sam said, a knowing smile forming.
“I’m…I’m so sorry,” he covered his eyes. “I didn’t mean…uh, I just came to bring you your phone. It’s ringing.”
“I think we should get the bigger one for Dean,” Jack said. “It’ll last longer, and he might even share.”
Dean wasn’t sure why, but the rough nature of the kid's voice made his knees feel weak. He couldn’t find the words to respond, so, instead, he just nodded. Then, he proceeded to stare like an idiot for a few seconds before the other boy spoke again.
Castiel Winchester. That just sounded right. Out of the corner of his eye, the angel thought he could see Dean’s lips curl up slightly upon hearing the adoption of his last name. There might’ve even been a flush of pink in his cheeks.
"She's good. Ay, listen. I was talking to Eileen, and she says she might have some ideas about what to do for your big date."
“The kid was dealt a shitty hand. All Cas wants is to remind him that there’s hope and that he’s safe here.”
Dean was nowhere near ready to discuss the events of Friday night and the extent of his inner turmoil in the parking lot of this shopping center, so he just let out an exasperated sigh. Sam’s eyes lit up.
Cas reached around to unveil the mysterious object Dean was referring to. It was a cooler. Inside was beer (obviously) and something wrapped in tinfoil.
“It really doesn’t. I’m still learning that myself, but when it comes down to it, one’s life is their own, and nothing anyone else can do can change their truth. In your case, you’re bisexual, and that’s the life you are meant to live.”
It took a moment for Gabriel to register this information, but once it set in, he wasn’t surprised in the least.
Sam sighed and put the earbud back in. He was not happy, which was indicated by the frequency of his glances towards the two of them. Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, now realizing that his partner hadn’t mentioned what was going on to Sam. He obviously just made up some excuse for why they left the house so early.
“Well, you need to talk to him about it eventually. Definitely before the dance on Saturday. You can’t be there with that tension hanging in the air all night. It’ll make it weird for everyone.”
“That’s good cause I think I’m actually the happiest when I’m with you. I’m like a fucking moth drawn to a light because I can’t help but want to be close to you all the time. And the other day we were so close that...well let’s just say that I was highly considering bridging the gap, if you know what I mean,” sweat was beginning to form on Dean’s brow; he hoped that Cas would take the hint, so he wouldn’t have to say more.
Cas was not finished, but his partner clearly was. Knowing there was no point in arguing, he nodded and climbed in. Sam shuffled into the back seat, and nobody spoke a word for the duration of the ride. When they arrived, Cas hopped out first and insisted that Sam and Dean wait in the car for him. It was about fifteen minutes before he returned, and each one dragged on. Sam kept tapping his fingers on the door the whole time, and Dean was about to snap them off when he spotted Cas’s head peaking out of the doorway. The boy made a motion towards them to come inside.
Charlie, Crowley, Cas, and Dean approach the principal about protesters congregating across the street from the school.
Cas snapped his fingers for the paper and expressed a new message below his previous one, "Goofy, but a bit of an asshole."
“Bullshit. You’ve never picked up a bible in your life. Even if you had, it wouldn’t support your twisted viewpoint.”
“Jack, I found some extra...oh no,” Cas returned to the room, shocked but amused at the scene in front of him.
“You could always tell him you are a part of the robotics team or something. I saw you talking to them earlier, so I figured you might be into mechanical stuff. If I’m correct, it could be a good alibi.”
Dean wasn’t sure what to expect as they neared the school. The way Crowley had described it, it sounded like a few angry soccer moms setting up outside. That was manageable, right? So why did his heart feel like it was in his throat?
Cas glanced at him, a hint of admiration behind his overall surprised expression. Dean didn’t meet his gaze, but the tight squeezing of his hand indicated that he wasn’t backing down after his declaration.
“Cas is a lazy ass who refuses to get out of bed, so I thought I’d give him some motivation,” Dean grinned. “I think it’s working.”
Dean felt a sinking sensation in his stomach. His brother really was relentless. It’s not that he didn’t want to tell him the truth. It's just...how would he react to the news?
“Right, well,” Gabe cleared his throat, obviously trying to change the subject. “Uh, I’m going to be going out tonight. Got a gig.”
“Dean,” Cas stopped walking and placed a hand on either side of his friend’s face.“There’s no way I’m leaving you two to sleep in your car.”
Just then Dean’s phone began buzzing. He paused. Bobby’s name was lit up on the screen. The events of last night came flooding back into his brain, and his mood shifted a little. Waking up next to Cas and their banter had been temporary distractions, and he had nearly forgotten why he was there to begin with. A miracle really, considering the circumstances, but that’s love for you. He motioned for Cas to go on, and he stared at the device for a moment before answering.
“Actually, I think I see Charlie now,” Cas squinted his eyes and focused on a spot of red hair in the doorway to the gymnasium. “Come on,” he pulled Dean in that direction and motioned for Crowley to follow them.
Dean stared at him for a moment, his heart suddenly beating so rapidly that he thought it would burst from his chest. He had no words.
“I’ll explain the situation to him. We can figure it out,” he scrunched his nose in thought, “Actually, Jack’s room has a bunk bed since Gabriel used to sleep in there before he transitioned to the couch. He likes it better apparently. But if you sleep in there, Jack can have my bed.”
“Yes. He’s pretty excited. He already has ideas for the wedding invitations,” the angel ran his fingers, gingerly, along Dean’s chest.
Cas shook his head and only squeezed his hand tighter around Dean’s. This is how they entered the room-shameless and in love. Charlie was the first to notice, and she was beaming.
Dean comes over to Cas's house where he meets Gabriel and Jack for the first time. Cas shares a story from a past friendship that went south. Jack runs a little experiment, leaving Dean hopeful that this thing with Cas may not be one-sided.
“And, Dean is supportive. He’s not going to do anything that Cas doesn’t want to do. Simple as that.”
“Forgive me. I shouldn’t have assumed,” her cheeks flushed a little from embarrassment, “Um, tell me about him. What does he like?”
“Hey, um, if it’s alright with you, can we continue this conversation later? If you have more questions, I’m open to answering them, but right now I’m kinda tired. I just wanna watch some tv,maybe have a snack, and then turn in early.”
“Great! Come with me. We’ll go check out some jackets,” she walked past Castiel and motioned for him to follow.
“Cas is in robotics now? I thought he had his own thing. Remember when you asked me to help you guys carry food, but I had to practice?”
“For your information, it’s a very interesting podcast about Gandhi. But never mind that. What’s going on with you two? Why are you fighting?”
Cas was the final contestant in Charlie’s fashion show. While he was busy getting ready, Dean found himself returning to his chair away from the others. Sam walked over and positioned himself in the seat next to him. He began talking to him about something school related, but Dean was only half listening. His mind was focused on how flustered Cas had looked just then. That had to mean something, right? It didn’t take long for Sam to notice how out-of-touch he was with the conversation, but he didn’t comment. Rather, he just squeezed his brother’s shoulder. Dean rolled his eyes.
“You know, that says to me that maybe you want a date, and you’re afraid what Dad will say,” it was obvious that Sam was trying to hide a smirk. “Everwise, you’d just tell him you’re going solo to chaperone me and Eileen. I take it there’s a guy.”
Cas shoved the ring back into his pocket and put his finger to his lips to indicate that Jack should remain silent about their previous conversation. His son nodded in confirmation. He had a serious  expression on his face, but it was quickly replaced by joy when Miracle came running from the stairwell to jump in his lap. She covered the boy’s face with kisses, eliciting a fit of giggles.
As for lunch, I’m fine with the park. It’s quiet, and there aren’t a bunch of people around during the day to stare at us. I’ll just try to talk less, so we can actually eat. I get too wrapped up in conversation sometimes. If you wanted, you could still bring the blanket instead of having us sit at the tables. I don’t usually like sitting in grassy areas because the little bugs chew on my legs, and it makes them itchy, but if you prefer a traditional picnic style, I’m willing to make an exception. I’ll just wear long pants to school today in case you decide to do that.
“Well, let’s change that. Come on,” Charlie took his hand and began to drag him towards Cas and Balthazar. “Castiel, what the hell? You’re not going to show off your cute new friend?”
“I’m not looking at porn if that’s what you’re thinking,” Dean grumbled. “It’s just something for Cas.”
“Did you ever think of just going for it? I couldn’t see my face the other night, but I’m sure it showed I was into it. My expression earlier this afternoon definitely did.”
“You don’t have any cameras around here ready to livestream to YouTube, do you? Am I going to go viral?”
“What are you going to do? Spend all night by the snack table? You’re allowed to have fun too, you know,” John told him.
“Anyway,” he sniffled, “The incident kind of lingers in my mind, and I get a bit worried whenever anyone important to me comes over because I don't need a repeat occurrence.”
Now registering the impact of what he had said, Dean’s heart stopped. His cheeks turned a deep red. Shit. Abort. Abort.
Dean took a second to process those words. He wasn’t hurt. If anything, he was frustrated because he had gotten so close, and there was still a glimmer of hope. Cas liked him, and if he could only figure out how to gain his trust in this matter, they could have a shot at something great. He couldn’t just give up on a chance to finally be happy.
“Awe, the three words every girl wants to hear,” he batted his eyelashes jokingly. “Back at you, babe.”
“Uh yeah. Me too, man,” Dean finally managed before he looked away, trying to find a way to change the subject before Cas could say anything else to fluster him. “So, um, Homecoming. I’ve never actually been to one of those dances before.”
Cas punched him in the shoulder. Their teacher glanced up at the sudden “ouch” that came from Dean’s mouth, and he cocked an eyebrow. Cas smiled innocently until he looked away. Then, he extended his hand to Dean, motioning for him to return the piece of paper he had given him. At first, Dean was confused and felt like he had fucked something up, but then the other boy scratched something down and returned the page, causing him to nearly choke with laughter.
“Why don’t you just come with me and Charlie from the start? We could go grab dinner before and then head to the dance together.”
Dean woke up before Cas’s alarm which proved to be a blessing considering he was sporting an embarrassing amount of morning wood. Thank god he was the little spoon or he’d surely be poking Cas in the back. He couldn’t quite remember what he had been dreaming about to get him all heated, but whatever it was, he felt guilty as hell. This was just what he had been afraid of. Fuck. He needed it to go away before anyone saw it. Slowly and carefully he peeled Cas’s arm from around him, slipped out from under the covers, and retreated to the bathroom for a cold shower. As the icy water hit his skin, he flinched but the uncomfortable sensation eventually helped his dick to go down. It took longer than he hoped, but he certainly wasn’t going to use other methods while locked away in someone else’s bathroom, let alone one belonging to his boyfriend’s family. Besides, he felt shameful enough without touching himself. Sighing, he turned the faucet, and the freezing spray ceased. He reached for a towel to wrap around his waist. Just then he heard a knock on the door which caused him to jump and nearly wipe out in the tub.
“Well, it’s mutual,” Dean glanced at Cas and smiled to reassure him. “Meeting Cas has changed my life for the better.”
“I’m fine,” Cas lifted his head to kiss the underside of Dean’s chin. “I had Jack turn down my grace for the day.”
Dean put the car in park which alerted Sam. He peered through the glass and immediately he was poking his brother’s shoulder (it was more of a jab really). Suddenly, his frustration returned.
“We exceeded our goal for membership, so the principal says that Pride Alliance can participate in the Homecoming parade this year.”
Traffic leaving the school was surprisingly light, so it only really took the duration of one Bon Jovi hit to make it to the park. As the song ended and Dean pulled into the lot, he turned to look at Castiel, a mix of pride and slight embarrassment on his face. Pride because he had managed to get Cas out of his shell for a few minutes. Embarrassment because Cas’s singing voice was a tragedy, yet he was slightly turned on by it-not that he would admit that. He shifted in his seat.
Shit. Mentioning Cas might’ve been a mistake. He glanced over at his brother who seemed to be preparing a response, and his stomach dropped. Yup, it definitely was.
“I’m Castiel’s older brother and guardian. My name is Michael,” the man extended his hand towards Dean.
What Dean saw when he refocused caused his jaw to drop and his heart to skip a beat. Cas was wearing a white button-down, a navy blue jacket, and matching pants that hugged his body perfectly. Everything was adorned with a silver bow tie and black dress shoes that nearly twinkled when the light hit them. He also must’ve had a comb in his bag because his hair was brushed back and was a nice change from his usual messy hair look (no matter how much Dean loved it.) Dean sat wide-eyed for a few moments and was absolutely speechless because holy shit Cas was hot.
“Well, you could still ask him to the dance. Do a sort of promposal thing, only it’s for Homecoming.”
It was rare that Dean actually cared what anybody outside of his family thought of him (again, because they were never in one place long enough for it to make a difference), but something at his core desired approval from the members in this club. It was as if his right to his identity was somehow dependent on his ability to impress them. In other words, if his experiences led him to confirm his bisexuality, would it even matter if others in the community didn’t see him as queer enough? Could he still claim that label even without their recognition? He shouldn’t have to prove to anyone who he is, he knew that, but the thought still ate away at him.
“After dinner,” he managed to say. “I was thinking that since you’re in such a good mood, we could watch Tombstone.”
“I suppose...” Dean considered this. “But what if I end up...what if it turns out that I’m not bi or whatever?"
“Impressive,” Cas ran his hand, gingerly, along the side of the vehicle. “Unique too. You don’t see a lot of kids our age riding around in something like this.”
Shit. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and prepared for the inevitable embarrassment his confession would cause.
Cas considered the suggestion. He never really thought about his clothes, so he didn’t have much of an opinion. However, Dean usually said that blue was his color.
“Just...how much I love you,” Dean noticed the hesitance in his voice, and he wondered what was really on his mind.
“Thanks,” he pulled, awkwardly, at his shirt collar. “But, truthfully, it’s been awhile since a guy has liked me like that. I’m kind of a specific type…” Dean could tell that there was something on Cas’s mind, but he didn’t pry. “Not that it matters. I’m not exactly looking for a partner or anything right now. It’s just kind of weird being by myself at a dance.”
“You’ll get there,” Gabe patted his shoulder. “Although, I suppose that means this is a bad time to tell you that I hooked up with a guy at my show last week.”
Dean hummed in appreciation. Turning the key in the ignition, the Impala’s engine came to life with a roar which was music to his ears. Patting the steering wheel as if to praise a child for a job well done, he smiled. As they pulled out of the parking lot, he switched on the radio. Bon Jovi blasted through the speakers.
“You won’t. I’m not asking you to memorize anything anyway. I’m just saying that you want to have a general idea of what you might say so you don’t start bumbling or freeze up. Because no offense, Dean, but you’ve never been so great at expressing your feelings out loud.”
“You don’t know that,” Cas replied, solemnly. “You’re hyped up on adrenaline right now, and it’s making you say things that you haven’t fully thought through yet.”
Cas hesitated, but nevertheless threw off his jacket and got up so that Dean could position him. The dance itself felt nice. It wasn’t complicated which allowed both men to enjoy the closeness without the pressure of missing steps. About halfway through, Dean broke away and proceeded to lip sync the remainder of the lyrics while his boyfriend watched in amusement. When the song was nearing its end, Dean was actually on the ground, holding onto one of Cas’s hands. He gazed up at the angel as the final words escaped his lips-this time with his actual voice.
“But it’s hate speech. They’re calling us sick,” Charlie emphasized. “It’s threatening the emotional wellbeing of the students.”
When Dean woke up the next morning, he did so to a weight on his chest and stomach. He opened his eyes to find Cas draped over him, drooling slightly. The initial reaction was a warm feeling from within him. It was partially the sense of security, but also because he was so goddamn proud of himself. A few months ago he had been closeted, scared, and depressed. He wouldn’t even allow himself to look at another guy the wrong way or risk exposure and shame. But now...he had the cutest person in existence cuddled up next to him, and he couldn’t care less what anyone else had to say about it. He smiled as he brushed some hair out of Cas’s face.The sleeping boy was so pretty, the light peeking in from the blinds giving him an angelic glow. It was a spectacle he hoped one day he could wake up to every morning. Of course, that was getting way ahead of himself.
“Um,” he coughed. “Yeah...but can we not go too deeply into that? I already feel like I’m about to spontaneously combust.”
“Well, lucky for you, I wasn’t planning on anything like that until later. Today is all about the romance. So have a seat. What kind of pancakes would you like?”
Dean let out a long sigh and braced for his first look into new possibilities. He turned to see a transformed Castiel. No more trench coat. No more working angel costume. Off duty. He was dressed in a loose fitting shirt and dark slacks, very similar to his Croatoan-Verse self, Dean realized. New age Castiel! Free at last.
Dean didn't answer. He wasn't fictional. But he felt hollow, like an abandoned character, something out of the lore. It was like a piece of him was missing. He could lay his weary body down, but without that part, he couldn't rest. When he was out on the ocean, he'd told himself that missing part was Sam. Now he had Sam and Sam was happy and safe. Sam deserved this life. Maybe Dean just needed to find his own happy place in this world without hunters. Sam popped his head around the door frame.
“I looked for you and Sam, but without the angel radio, I couldn't find the exact place. You seemed to be moving erratically.”
"No. You have a house. I'm okay with the house. I'm just not a fan of birds. Couldn't we raise cows or goats?"
Dean squeezed his eyes closed, chin falling forward. He exhaled audibly in relief. His shoulders shook with a silent chuckle, as Irene went on to explain the accident.
“I couldn't technically die,” Cas corrected her, “because Death was taken by the Empty before me and I'm an angel.”
“Remarkably peaceful,” Dean said. He tossed his bag in one chair and sat in another. “No sea monsters.  No yeti.”
“Only if you promise the same,” Sam said, spinning on his heel and striding across to give Dean a hug.
Pausing in his sex-drunk attempt to dress, Dean looked around him with a burgeoning appreciation. They were on the edge of a hay field. He'd steered the Impala onto a gravel drive that offered access to a distant barn. The ripening grass was long and fragrant. It made a sweet cushion for their blanket, except for that one rock or root. A tall hedge sheltered them from the road. A few trees gave them a leafy roof overhead. Butterflies danced through wildflowers. There was a pleasant drone of working bees. Dean tilted his head in consideration, and then gave Cas the point.
“I don’t know. Tell him you’re hungry and go grab some lunch. Then, hit the arcade, go to a movie, hell, zap yourselves to Hawaii for all I care. Just keep him occupied. Can you do that?”
“Dude, you stuff your face. You’re like a pig. Plus, you talk with your mouth full. It’s disgusting.”
“So that’s where you were? I was looking for you in the cafeteria, and I just thought you might’ve gone to the vending machine. Then, when you never showed, I started to wonder if you were ok.”
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand and led him to an empty bench in a relatively unpopulated area on the other side of the mall. They sat down together, their hands still clasped. It took a moment before they would let go of each other. Cas angled himself to face Dean.
Breakfast looked delicious. Michael had really outdone himself and pretty much created a buffet of classic morning foods. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, pancakes, French toast, and he even had healthier stuff like oatmeal and fruit that had Sam drooling. When asked about it, the elder Novak just shrugged and said it was easier to make whatever and let people take what they want. He had gotten used to that after years of catering to indecisive younger siblings. Still, Dean found the display impressive.
“Dean, you didn’t fail me,” the angel wiped a tear that he noticed was streaming down his partner’s cheek.
“Ok, stop that, will you?” Dean rubbed his neck, “Like I said, I want this to be more than sex. I was hoping to take him somewhere. Really give him that fairytale evening, you know?”
“Not until you tell me what’s going on,” Gabe took the key out of the ignition, and the car fell silent. “Come on, Cas. Something is clearly wrong.”
“You didn’t answer my question. Is everything ok? You two seem kind of out-of-it,” the cashier eyed them, suspiciously.
“It’s not like I did it consecutively. I took my time and only opened up when I felt safe. It’s hard to be vulnerable like that, and depending on the person you are coming out to, you might have to get creative with the tactic. From what I’ve seen of Sam, though, he seems like a smart and open-minded kid. My advice is to just be upfront. Also don’t be afraid to set boundaries for yourself because he may have questions, and you are by no means required to answer anything that makes you uncomfortable.”
“Just,” Dean paused, frustrated. “I don’t know how much sleep I’m going to get anyway, so Sam can have the bunk. Jack can even stay with us so you don’t have to give up your space.”
In lieu of a response, Cas just went for it. His lips were pillowy and tasted a bit like candy from the chapstick he had applied earlier. It was a gentle kiss because Dean didn’t want to overstep, but he could see himself becoming addicted to the feeling the action gave him in the pit of his stomach. He was reluctant to pull away, but the buzzing of his cellphone forced him to.
Crowley and Charlie were already waiting for them outside the doors to the administrative offices. For once the older boy didn’t greet them with a flirtatious joke, but instead dove head first into a battle plan. Cas and Charlie listened intently, commenting here and there about potential concerns. All the while, Dean stood with his arms wrapped tightly around his body, his mind wandering. He felt terrible for how things had gone with Sam (what else is new?), and now he secretly wished his little brother was there to keep him from spiraling. It wasn’t too late to text him…but no, he was pissed, and Dean should probably leave him alone to calm down. He’d apologize later because right then he needed to keep him out of the line of fire. It was the safest thing for both of them.
“Awesome, buddy. You’ll have to show me later,” Dean patted his brother on the back and then turned to Castiel again. “I’ll see you around, I guess.”
Keep it together, Winchester. It’s only been two days, maybe he’s just processing. That’s what Dean had to keep telling himself in the interim to prevent himself from going insane. He could still picture the look on Cas’s face so clearly- the hopeful yet hesitant expression of yearning. His face had been so close to Dean’s, lips just a breath away from each other, and if Dean had only been a bit braver, he would’ve closed the distance before either of them could think twice. The regret for not having taken that leap haunted him, but what was worse was that in forty-eight hours, neither of them had made a move to discuss what happened. Dean desperately wanted to, but he wasn’t even sure where to begin. The optimistic (and secretly sappy) part of him wanted to just throw his arms around Cas, confess that he was crazy about him, and then kiss him right then and there. Skip the long-winded emotional dialogue and get to the point. The other more rational side knew that was silly as there were several obstacles that needed addressing first. One being Dean’s closeted status with his dad, and two being Cas’s unusual behavior whenever anyone mentioned relationships to him. Dean had noticed it early on in their friendship because the mere mentioning of Cas dating caused the other boy to freeze. He would then appear nervous or even apologetic about past experiences. He would never explain himself which was worrisome in itself, but it was also unusual how Cas was so open about being gay yet rarely pursued the guys he liked. Dean knew there was something he wasn’t telling him, and that was probably why he didn’t want to talk about their moment- at least not yet. Finally, there was a third part of him, more like a nagging voice in the back of his mind, which held on to the terrifying suggestion that none of it was real. Under that logic, the connection between them was something that Dean made up in his head, and Cas, therefore, hadn’t addressed what occurred the other day because he never experienced it as intimate. Dean would’ve simply projected his feelings and saw what he wanted to see. Hell, just thinking about it was like a punch to the gut. He hoped to God that it wasn’t true.
Dean tried calling back but Sam's line stayed busy. Then the phone rang again. The screen said Irene Cooper.
"Do you? Do you see what you missed about me? Because I am trying to say I love you, too, you near-sighted son of a bitch.”
“Yeah. That. But also the other part.” Dean swallowed, but realized it wasn't hard to say anything here. “I didn't know how to respond, in the moment, back there.”
“Except uh-huh. That's all we have now, Sam, coincidences. Stories. I wasn't drawn here. I wanted some gas and an actual bathroom.”
“I—I—Damn it, Cas. I'm trying to tell you I'm sorry for being such a monumental ass. It's important for me to say it, because I couldn't get the words out until this exact moment. I'm just used to being...”
“But,” Sam looked around him. “I can't just leave you out here.” He stopped himself and laughed, as Dean settled the keys into his palm. “I was about to say on your own.”
Disclaimer: More than anything, I give it up for the SPN writers...who offered us an ending to bring peace to Dean and Sam and to our fandom wars. It isn't often that I say I couldn't have done it better. But there is only one little change I would have made...and that would have been to have Misha Collins actually there.
“Not everyone is comfortable with the full spectrum of sexuality. Your father might be repressing some concerns about his own masculinity, overcompensating with passive aggression. Or perhaps he's fallen under the influence one of the Evangelical movements that seek to control large groups of people with hypnotic resonance via mindless chanting.”
“Hi, Irene," Cas chimed, before Dean could reply. "We are in Selah, Washington at Maxine's Diner. Eating cows, but not having milkshakes."
They'd gotten through the hugging and the catching up and were clearly confusing Sam's girlfriend, but not as much as Dean thought they would.
"Like I said. I'm not blind. Every time I looked at you, there it was between us...the unspoken human/angel CelestialSexual thing. But I was such a wise-ass man of the world. I thought I knew how everything worked. You were my best friend. I was your brother in arms. Guys like us, we live fast and die bloody. I knew what I saw, what I felt, well that could never be real. Not in Chuck's world.”
Dean jumped and spun around, fist pulled back to punch. It was Cas. Hair. Build. Face. Trench coat. Son of a bitch.
"Talking, again!" Dean said, squinting up at the sloshing world. He tugged at Cas' arm, to topple him forward. "Come here.”
“No. I mean. Jack is everywhere here, but there is an Awareness that is everywhere, too. The real God was never a person or a thing.”
“He's kidding,” Cas said, draping an arm around Dean's shoulders. "We Winchesters are a very close-knit family."
Sam granted his big brother a full on happy face, got in the car and drove away. Dean watched him go, smiling like the most satisfied man in creation. He would have said he couldn't have been any happier than he was in that moment.
When he finally stopped hearing the bang-bang of his own heartbeat, he said, "Well, that was...very relaxing."
Cas held up a to-go bag from the Roadhouse. A waft of his hand turned it into a picnic with blanket, cushions and beers on ice.
“It's the angel part that's not adding up for me,” Irene said. “Also, are you the friend of Dean's that Sam told me died? The one Dean was mourning in the Antarctic?”
This town was a waking nightmare for his anxiety issues. And, what kind of world was it where he was the one with paranoid delusions? He'd faced down vampires and werewolves and the Army of Heaven.
"It's...never mind." Dean pointed a finger at him. "So what you are saying is we can go to other universes and hunt monsters and save people. Kick the ass of some asshat personification of God and come back here afterward?"
There was no sign of the coat-wearer. Cars. An old couple. A shopping cart. This was nuts. He was probably nuts. All he had to do to get the good drugs was to tell a doctor even a tiny fraction of what he believed to be true about himself. See, once upon a time, I was being tortured in Hell and an Angel of the Lord, gripped me tight and raised me from perdition. He thought maybe he would make air-quotes around that last part and try to say it exactly like Cas. He missed that gravely voice more than he would ever admit.
Sam shook his head, but let the subject drop. "Look, I want you to come back to my place. Stay. Meet Irene.”
NOTE: I put a little coda to this coda in the comments...but now it is gone...and there is even more Supernatural AU Ending Fic. To be clear...this fic is meant to stand alone, but I sort of wrote more, because I couldn't stop here.
“Right,” Sam said, turning toward the car. “You go be the best you. I think I might look up Eileen.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow at Cas, who flashed him a toothy, totally sappy smile. There was still a touch of shyness in it, which amazed Dean considering how completely in charge Cas had been twenty minutes earlier.
“Lots of birds in the Antarctic,” Dean said. “Little bastards. Gulls and petrels. Albatrosses. Wandering albatrosses.”
Cas frowned slightly. “That is an interesting request. Isn't it a good thing that I know you so well?”
"Time is a linear constant within a particular universe. We can come straight back here, to this exact moment."
The other man tilted his head back to look up at the sky. There were definitely tears on his cheeks now, but his voice sounded very matter of fact as he said, "You don't expect a person to just pop up right behind you.”
“I suppose it makes some sense,” Sam replied. “Selah is from Hebrew. It is like a choir direction in the Psalms. It means to take a moment to breathe and exalt the Lord. Maybe the former angel vessels were drawn to the name. Like you.”
“It's weird that he preserved the Men of Letter's Bunker,” Sam said, off his own thoughts. “All the lore.”
The company t-shirt had a logo on the back of a bunny pushing a wheelbarrow. It wasn't even a little bit scary. Dean swallowed hard and glanced around again. He should call Sam back and tell him never mind. As he leaned against the bumper of the Impala, a woman who had once threatened to skewer his liver and feed it to him, crossed the street. She smiled and nodded at him as she passed. She had two adorable children in tow. Dean had a sudden recollection of the equally adorable little girls possessed by Lilith.
Summary: Just another small (and I suspect completely unnecessary) gift for the Destiel fans as a coda to the entire series. This one contains actual spoilers, because it is going to reference the actual end of the show and what is, to my mind, an inevitable scene to come. So inevitable, in fact, that all over the web the Destiel shippers have already written it. So...I guess I'm saying this is only a gift for myself and anyone who just can't see the ramifications of that particular finale.
Maybe he should just kiss this guy. Or yell in his face. 'Who said you couldn't have it? All that new age crap about being? When did I ever say you couldn't have it, Cas?' Then after the guy punched him Dean could tell the judge, I thought he was this angel, who loved me. You know in a real way, now. Real love, because we are all real boys. Yeah. I just thought maybe it could be real, for a second. But, of course, it wasn't ever supposed to be...real.
“What happened?” Dean demanded in a gruff bark. He pushed the speaker button so Cas would stop leaning into his shoulder.
Disclaimer: I own nothing about Supernatural. I am not even a Destiel fan. I did watch the show for 11 seasons, but only came back to it for the last two episodes. I was so out of the loop that I thought 19 was the series finale. This was a midnight labor of love to some fellow slash fans. I hope you like it.
“It means, we shared hundreds of tiny motel rooms across a span of way too many years and you talk in your sleep. But I didn't need the inside dream line to know you were crushing on a certain angel. Everyone knew." Sam ticked a few of the knowing off on his fingers. "Hell knew. Death knew. God knew. Bobby knew. Mom knew.”
Dean spotted his jeans near the front passenger tire. He hobbled to them, then on to fetch his other boot.
“The bi-curious benders you'd go on every time you lost your inhibitions or your soul or drank some demon-seed potion. The man crushes? Benny? Dr. Sexy? Like Cas just said, the overcompensating. Though there's nothing passive about your aggression.”
“I bet,” Sam said on a smirk. Then, he blushed and pulled an apologetic face, “Sorry, is that allowed in actual heaven?”
Two weeks later Dean was ready to hit the road again. Sam's place was comfortable. Irene was sweet and smart and blonde and seemed totally human. He tossed some salt around to be sure. Sam had friends, buddies, good people. Seattle suited Sam. There were coffee shops and college kids. It had easy access to mountains or the ocean. Sure, it rained a bit more than was strictly healthy, but Dean felt certain Sam was building a safe life, a rewarding life. Sam had a Prius. Sam was thriving. He had pictures on his walls.
"It would be something else. Something new. The multiverse. The Empty empties into a lot of universes, Dean. Some of them have problems that make ours look insignificant. People need saving."
When Dean continued looking at him, expectantly, Cas furrowed his brow. He stood baffled for a moment and then, realizing Dean was right and some things needed to be said, he turned up the wattage on his smile.
He shook free of the familiar stranger's grip. The action, coupled with Dean's simple excuse, seemed to hit Cas' vessel with the same devastating impact Dean had just endured. Dean watched as the man's hand fell to his side, a fluttering, broken wing. His Adam's apple bobbed through a hard swallow as he stepped back, turning to the side. His gaze drifted toward the horizon. Was there a glistening in his eyes? Were those tears on his lashes? Dean couldn't see very well himself, so, maybe not. But he felt sure this Not-Cas was finding it hard to breathe.
“Best angel is not a compliment,” Cas called after Dean, who was heading for the jukebox. “It's like best headache.”
"Because you drove us to a field," Cas said, leaning over to peer at Dean, as if concerned he might not remember. "You dragged me to the Impala and said, 'Get in the car. Not the back seat.' Then, you drove us to the edge of town and turned quite sharply into this field. You stopped the car, popped the trunk and said, 'You get the blanket and I'll find the F-ing lube.' Which I just realized is probably not a descriptive adjective, but an expletive."
Crowley nodded affirmatively and held the door open for the others to enter the main office lobby. At some point between then and when the receptionist was leading them to the principal, Cas’s hand had slid into Dean’s. It was warm but not clammy like his own. He met the other boy’s gaze.
“Believe it or not, I’ve never made my own pie before. I hope it tastes ok,” he sat down and began to slice into the pastry. “Here you go,” he handed a piece to the angel. “Bone Appétit.”
“Yeah, her name’s Jo. Her shift was ending, and she was about to go home, but I convinced her to come to the dance. Her house is only a few minutes away, so all she has to do is go change and meet us here,” Charlie seemed very proud of herself.
Rather than forming a sassy comeback, Cas gave him one of those sweet smiles that Dean could only describe as pure serotonin boosters. The amount of joy in those expressions never failed to make Dean’s heart flutter. Suddenly, the air between them felt much lighter.
So cat’s out, I guess. My talk with my dad didn’t go as bad as I thought it would, but it’s still not ideal. He said some pretty nasty shit. Not gonna lie, it stung, but I stood my ground and said my peace. I should feel liberated, but it’s hard cause there’s a lot of uncertainty. As of now, my dad’s gone. He left with nothing but the clothes on his back. I haven’t heard from him in a few hours. I don’t think he’ll be back tonight, but when he does come home, I’m not sure where we will stand. It’s kind of unnerving. I haven’t been able to sleep. God, I wish you were here.
“No, I did. Because I let you get taken away without knowing you were loved,” Dean choked on his words, “And that kills me. If Jack hadn’t been able to bring you back, I don’t know what I would’ve done. Afterall, what would be the point of freedom if I couldn’t use it to be with the one person that understands me better than I understand myself? You are the best thing to ever happen to me, Cas. I love you so fucking much, and I promise I’ll never let you go again.”
Dean examined it and was surprised by how much he actually liked it. He wasn’t usually a floral type guy, but maybe it was because Cas had picked it out specially for him that it hit differently. It almost felt like a brand of some sort, like Cas was claiming Dean as his by giving him something to wear that was reflective of his own essence. His eye color aside, the blue was a reminder of how Cas was an anchor in his life. He helped Dean feel stable, he inspired him to be brave, and he was wise beyond his years which helped Dean through some pretty difficult situations. With Cas, he felt at peace, and that was an amazing feeling.
“Hey Cas. You like my new look?” Dean managed a laugh as he tussled with Jack to keep him from adding a goatee to his masterpiece.
“Where are Sam and Dean anyway? I want to show it to them. Plus, Dean promised that the next time he saw me, he would teach me how to play table tennis.”
“Well, that hasn’t necessarily changed. I still enjoy flirting with girls and having a good time, but lately I’ve started to realize that my whole macho, womanizing persona may be a bit of an overcompensation.”
Homecoming night is finally here. Dean is nervous after what happened with his father. Dean meets Michael for the first time. The Pride Alliance gang has some fun. Some cute Destiel moments.
“It’s nothing major. It’s just that a friend emailed me after lunch to tell me that she needed to meet with a teacher after school, so she isn’t available to help me set up for the meeting. Now, it’s all on me to get everything ready.”
“Mr. Macleod,” the man addressed Crowley first. “Thank you for coming,” he scanned the rest of the group. “I see Mr. Novak and Ms. Bradberry have accompanied you. Hello, students.”
“Sam here is going to be a big shot lawyer someday,” Dean explained to Cas as he proudly wrapped his arm around his brother’s shoulder. “He’s going to Stanford.”
“I wouldn't say a relationship is a restraint,” Cas replied, “It’s a mutual commitment to one another,” he squeezed Dean’s hand.
"Crowley dabbles in drag," Cas told him. "It's part of his persona. Well, at least it was. Now, I guess it's just his name."
“You’re right. I’m sorry,” Cas pulled away and rubbed his eyes which were becoming progressively redder. “I’ve been trying to do better about not beating myself up, but right now I’m tired, Dean. This conversation has been incredibly draining, and I don’t think I can handle much more. If you want to promise me something, just say that you will sleep on this. If we do pursue anything, I need you to be absolutely certain. Can you do that?”
“Awe, man, you’re going to make me say it, aren’t you? Ok fine…” he took in a deep breath and let it out. “The thing is...I think I might like you. And I’m not talking like a playground crush. It’s like full on Cupid’s arrow, and man, I gotta say that when I first realized what it was, I was terrified. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, and I thought there was no way in hell you would go for someone like me. But then I saw your face the other day, and there was this spark of something, maybe hope, that you might feel something for me too. And then earlier how you were looking at me when I was wearing that suit...fuck, can you please just tell me if I’m crazy because the more I’m talking the crazier I feel.”
It was empty. Dean frowned. He checked the next set of restrooms in the hallway over, and still nobody. Frantically, he dialed Cas’s number and waited through a few rings before a voice on the other end finally put him at ease.
“That’s cool. Hey, uh, does he have a connection to Claire Novak? She’s in my pottery class, and I always thought there was a slight resemblance. Plus Novak isn’t that common of a last name, so I figured they might be related.”
“It’s mutual, trust me,” Dean couldn’t help, but laugh a little at his friend’s embarrassment. “You know, Cas, he...well, he’s helped me a lot.”
He carefully returned the phone to his pocket and grabbed one of Dean’s robes to cover his half-naked body before slipping out the door. When he arrived in the kitchen, he found Jack pouting at the table with an empty bowl and a carton of milk in front of him. Cas felt bad for grinning, but seeing his son looking so pitiful over cereal was too adorable not to.
Cas stirred a little, and Dean found himself blushing because here he was watching someone else sleep like some kind of obsessed idiot. It was kinda creepy, he realized that, but he couldn’t pull his eyes away if he tried.
Shit. Dean wanted to punch himself because that answer was sketchy as hell. Now that it was out there, though, he had to roll with it.
“I’m glad you could make it. This is going to be fun,” she said, cheerfully. “I’ve got a whole playlist to listen to while we try stuff on. It’ll be like a montage.”
“Your friend here said you were looking for something classy for a wedding proposal. That right?” she asked, a huge smile now spread across her face.
“Sure, but this seems different. I know I joke about sex all the time because it’s funny to get him all flustered, but I’m never serious because he’s not that kind of kid. He didn’t say it in so many words, but I think Cas might be asexual. If you think about it, it makes a lot of sense. He’s never been into anything remotely sensual, and he doesn’t seem to react to a person’s appearance unless he already has a strong bond with them. Even then, it’s more of an aesthetic appreciation than a sexual drive. Also, he has always been a bit self-conscious of his body, so I don’t think he’s in a hurry to strip for anyone.”
“Actually, I think that would be nice. Plus, it’s senior year, so I probably shouldn’t skip. Social milestones and all that,” he put air quotes around that last part.
“Oh, sorry,” Cas blushed in embarrassment. “Jack’s home. He was hungry, and I guess Sam’s been hiding his sweets again.”
“Michael’s making breakfast,” he mumbled, “He wanted me to ask you if you were still going to your youth group meeting today?”
“I take it you didn’t have something like this at your other schools?” Castiel’s voice brought him out of his head again.
“I mean it, Dean. But if you want to change, you can. No matter what you wear, though, my opinion won’t change. You look great in everything.”
He unhooked the dog from the leash and watched as she rushed to the kitchen, presumably in pursuit of Eileen.
His thoughts were interrupted by Miracle whining in the backseat. He smiled at her before stepping out of the car. Impatient as ever, the dog refused to wait for him to open the back door for her. Instead, she hopped into the front seat, nearly knocking the gear shift, and raced past Dean. Her leash got caught, though, so she didn’t make it very far before being forced to return to her owner’s side. Dean bent down to scratch her ears.
“Shut up,” Dean looked away, embarrassed. “It’s not like you have been Mr. Composure either. I bumped knees with you under the table at dinner, and you nearly choked on your water.”
“No, you won’t. Trust me, it’ll be cute. Plus, there won’t be anyone else around cause you’ll be out by the lake.”
“Not at all. Actually, he has reservations of his own because he just came out. Eventually, though, he’ll become more adventurous and might want to try stuff, and I’ll feel guilty because I don’t want to do any of that.”
“Hey, what about this one?” changing the subject back to the dance, Sam smiled as he handed Dean an album entitled “Wheels are Turning” from 1984. “REO Speedwagon. Track 6.”
Sam quickly regretted that decision. As soon as a drop hit his tongue, he gagged. Dean urged him to chug it so he couldn’t taste it as much, but that just made his throat burn. He grimaced as he reached for his water bottle to (hopefully) drown out the taste. Turns out that the flavor of watered-down beer was worse.
“It has been overwhelming lately,” his voice was soft and there was a touch of guilt in it that Dean would only pick up on retrospectively; if he had realized it sooner, he would’ve said something to alleviate his boyfriend’s distress.
“Speaking of, have you thought any more about potentially joining Pride Alliance?” he turned so that he could look Dean in the eyes, his own shining brightly with optimism.
“Hello Dean,” a yawn clearly hung in the back of the boy’s throat as he spoke, but Dean was quite enjoying the sleepy look on him with the messy hair and the pajamas.
It wasn’t a complete lie. Dean didn’t have a test per say, but he did have a lengthy quiz scheduled for Friday in that class. They had one every two weeks so it wasn’t that big of a deal, but Sam didn’t need to know that.
He hesitated before brushing his lips against the boy’s hair. Cas hummed a little. Dean quite enjoyed holding him like this. If only it were under different circumstances.
“That’s just it though,” Dean sighed. “I think I am ready. Or at least I’ve reached the point where I can’t stand hiding who I am when I’m with him anymore. He’s my brother, and he should know the truth. If anything, for my own sanity.”
“If you say so, Dean,” Cas chuckled. “Hey, where are we going anyway? This isn’t the route we took to get to the restaurant.”
“We offer support. It’s an inclusive space so people can share their grievances without judgement and get advice from people in similar situations. We also advocate for queer and trans rights at local events, and occasionally we volunteer at shelters. Activism is a big thing, but we enjoy parties and movie nights every now and then too.”
“Uh, so far I’ve had Senior English, Cooking, Statistics, Biology, and now this one, so World History. After lunch is Gym and Woodshop, although I want to switch that with Auto Tech if I can get in to see the counselor after school.”
He didn’t respond immediately. His attention was on his hands which suddenly felt a bit clammy. Why was he so nervous? It’s not like Cas’s answer would depend on the type of ring.
Sighing, Dean glanced over at his brother who was trudging along beside him, humming something that Dean couldn’t quite place. He was dressed in his usual flannel and jeans along with a brand new pair of sneakers that his older brother had bought using some cash he swiped from their dad. Dean had also taken him to get his hair cut the day before, so Sammy was all cleaned up and ready to impress. That’s what Dean hoped anyway. Starting over had always been difficult for Sam, especially with bullies who isolate the new kids, so he wanted to do everything possible to bring forth positive rather than negative attention. At least this year Sammy was old enough to attend the same school, so Dean could keep an eye on things and kick some asses if needed. That thought comforted him as they walked.
“It’s crisp, not cold. Important distinction,” he noted, “Besides, we can cut through the park. The trees are beautiful this time of year with the different colors. Also the pond is pretty. Really though, it’s just nice to be outside and to reflect. That’s usually what I do anyway to get in the right mindset before meetings, unless it’s unbearably hot or there’s snow on the ground.”
“Even so, it certainly wouldn’t look like little hearts, candy, and glitter,” Cas responded. “Well maybe candy…”
The boy was a little caught off guard by the sudden use of the nickname. Normally, it was only people that were close to him that used it, namely his family, and even then it was a bit uncomfortable. However, something about the way Dean said it felt different. He kind of liked it actually.
In the picture, Sam was ruffling Jack’s hair and Cas’s hand was on Jack’s shoulder. Meanwhile, Dean was on the other side of Cas, smiling into a kiss to the angel’s cheek. Above the figures was a banner that read “Happy Valentine’s Day”, and the drawing itself was labeled “my family.” Around the edges of the page were hearts in various colors. Cas had to smile at the fact that even though Jack was God and could technically learn any skill with the snap of his fingers, the drawing looked more like an elementary school art project than the magnum opus of a cosmic entity. It was adorable nonetheless.
“I’ll think on it, alright? Right now, why don’t you go ahead and look for your ring. We can talk about this later.”
Later that night, Cas laid in bed, fiddling with his ring. It was nearly one in the morning, and although he had managed to stop glowing after a few hours, he was still so full of energy that he couldn’t sleep. It took everything he had to keep from giggling like a schoolboy with a crush every time his eyes fell on Dean who was curled up next to him, snoring, softly. He had crashed around eleven when they got back to the bunker, having endured too much emotional vulnerability for one day. His last words before passing out were “goodnight future husband” which was on repeat in Cas’s head. Yawning, he snuggled closer to Dean, his bare chest pressed up against the other man’s back. He breathed him in before placing sweet kisses to his hair and the back of his neck. The other man shifted slightly, but he did not wake.
The brothers ceased dancing upon the bang of the bunker door closing. They looked up to see Eileen at the top of the stairwell.
“Boys, stop it. Let’s go eat,” Eileen locked arms with Sam and led him away from his brother before he could embarrass him further.
“It’s a beautiful car, Dean. You did a great job,” Cas complimented as Dean slipped into the driver’s seat.
“What do you mean people like me?” Dean held his breath, preparing himself for the first of his expected rejections from the other club members.
“It’s nice to see you too, Dean," he shut his book and placed it back in his satchel. "How are you settling in?”
“Yeah,” Dean responded, his train of thought taking him elsewhere as he wondered if Sammy actually did feel like that.
The pair expressed their appreciation and followed the man to the aisle. Jack’s eyes lit up when he spotted some lollipops at the far end of the row. He looked at Cas with puppy dog eyes which was a bit pathetic for the entity in charge of the universe, but Cas could never bring himself to say no to the boy. No harm, really. It’s not like God was going to get any cavities from eating too many sweets. Besides, Sam wasn’t there to lecture either of them about it. With a nod, he indicated that the boy had his permission. Jack grinned from ear-to-ear and rushed to check out the flavors. Meanwhile, Cas turned back to the cashier.
His friend did as he was told, and he retrieved a folded piece of paper with his name on it.  The note itself was short- only eight words.
The other man didn’t respond immediately. Instead he smiled and grabbed both Dean’s hands, pulling them up to his mouth to kiss each knuckle.
“I think Cas and Dean are perfectly capable of…” Gabriel was interrupted by Cas who was straining to speak amidst his internal panic attack.
“All sorts of things really. School, family, my future, my identity. I’ve spent the past few weeks thinking about you actually,” he blushed. “Although that was mostly fantasy.”
Dean fell asleep in Cas’s arms soon after. The angel watched over him for an hour or so before his own eyes became too heavy to keep open.
“Yes, I know, but with Chuck gone, and the world slowly returning to normalcy, I just thought...well aside from Sam’s brief experience with demon blood, the Winchesters have gone their entire lives without special abilities, and they are still the strongest and bravest beings I have met. They’re clever and skilled in battle, and their determination is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. When you lost your powers, they taught you how to fight. They can teach me too. I’ve already learned so much from them both since raising Dean from hell. So, being human wouldn’t make me powerless.”
really sweet of you, Cas. Thanks,” Dean wrapped his arm around the angel’s shoulder and hung on to him. “But you didn’t have to get me anything, you know.”
“Oh, yeah. Uh, Sammy, do you think you could spare a few minutes before your meeting to help me and Cas set up some chairs for his club? His buddy bailed on him.”
“Plus, after years of watching you two dance around each other, it's a huge relief not to have to witness the tension between you anymore. It was starting to become painful.”
“Come on, you’re going to berate me for that?” Charlie was insulted. “Did you see her? That girl was a goddess.”
Cas sighed. He lowered his voice so that others in the periphery wouldn’t hear him-his only real option for privacy in this situation.
“Fair enough,” Gabe shrugged. “However, you’re missing out on a good story. She was a contortionist.”
The angel knew Dean was right, so he declined a refill when the waitress returned with some waters. He figured it was alright, though. That first glass was enough to calm his nerves. In fact, now he was feeling rather excited. Part of him wanted to whip out the ring from his pocket and dive right into the heartfelt declaration he had been fantasizing about for weeks, but something held him back. There were too many people around, and he was hoping for more intimacy in the moment. That and the fact that his proposal contained bits about heaven and hell, angels and demons, which was probably best kept out of earshot of the other humans in the room. As much as it pained him, Cas decided he would wait until they returned to the bunker. There, he could have Dean to himself.
“Yes, I’m starving!” Jack clapped, happily, and started piling his plate with bacon, making sure to sneak a piece for Miracle in the process.
Cas stared at him as if he couldn’t quite wrap his head around the possibility of anyone ever asking him to go with them. Even after their heartfelt talk and the agreement to give eachother a shot, there was something about this request that was hard to take in. Perhaps it was the tangibility of it with the physical representation of Dean’s affection. Or maybe it was the fact that Sam was right there, and it was a surprise to see Dean so openly expressing himself in his brother’s presence. Whatever the reason, Dean couldn’t blame him for taking his time because it was a bit surreal for him too.
“I already got it taken care of. I’ve been working on my sign language, so I thought I’d surprise her by signing a poem that I wrote. And then I was thinking of a quiet, candlelit dinner kind of thing. I’ll cook.”
“Yup. He really didn’t need to though. I figured Cas would say yes. Now, the double proposal... that was unexpected.”
Crowley paused mid-pickup line, winking at the guy to indicate that this would be picked up later, and shifted his attention to Cas and Dean. The dude didn’t seem too hurt to have the conversation cut short.
The three climbed out of the car and headed for the entry way. The elevator was out of order, so they were forced to take the stairs. Dean complained, but he would be lying if he said he didn’t enjoy walking up behind his boyfriend. Great view.
Dean knew that his brother was messing around to lighten the mood, but he wasn’t appreciating it at that moment.
There was a period of silence before Cas looked up from his papers. A concerned look fell over his face.
Hey everyone. Happy Pride Month! I’ve been trying to finish this chapter for weeks now, and I apologize for it taking so long. I got a new job, and I’ve been too tired to sit down and write. However, I finally got it done, and there’s a lot going on in it, but I hope you enjoy.
“Well, it’s always a pleasure. Please, sit down,” Cas motioned to the chair across from where he had been sitting. “Can I get you anything?”
A long time later, Dean lay sprawled on the spare blanket from the Impala's trunk. There was a rock, or maybe a tree root, under his left buttock, but he was too spent to move. He watched Cas collect their clothing, noticing that they both still wore socks. A tiny smile tugged on Dean's lips, despite his best efforts not to get all sappy.
The old man's rude bellow, caused Dean to break away from Cas for a much needed gulp of air. They'd stumbled into the outer wall of a department store, Dean's hands tangled in coat fabric and angel hair. The elderly couple Dean had seen earlier stood glaring at him from a few yards away.
“Dean,” before the angel could say anything, Dean’s mouth was on his. “Mhm,” he tried to pull away, but his partner’s lips were always so damn intoxicating.
“Oh, right,” Dean cleared his throat, “Sammy, this is my friend, Castiel. Cas, this is my brother, Sam.”
“Look, Sam, I...I’m sorry, ok? You were right. I do have something on my mind, and it’s not just a test.”
“Nope, still very much into women. I don’t see that changing anytime soon,” Dean clarified, “Look, I’ll gladly talk about girls with you or with anyone else that knows I’m bisexual, but it’s different when I’m trying to put on a show for Dad. He thinks I’m straight, so it feels like I’m just conforming to his standards and denying part of who I am. Plus, you know he’ll want me to show him pictures of my date...”
“It’s less about intelligence and more about dedication,” he responded, calmly, “If you put in the effort, there’s usually a reward.”
Cas put his hand on Dean’s chest to hold him back as he had stepped forward towards his Dad again. They shared a look, and Dean sighed. It wasn’t worth it.
“I know, it’s cheesy, but it’s the first Valentine’s Day where we actually have time for ourselves. The world’s not ending, and we don’t have any pressing cases lined up. I want to do something for him other than making PB&J sandwiches which I know he only eats to make me happy or having sex in different places like in the shower or in the back of the Impala.”
“Not exactly,” Dean gulped. “Um, earlier you asked me about Cas’s club, and I said that it wasn’t really my thing. That wasn’t exactly true. Actually, I’ve been a part of it all along.”
Before the Novaks pulled apart, Michael whispered something in Cas’s ear. Cas had an “O” expression on his face, and Dean wondered what had been said. He raised an eyebrow as Cas, without a word, wiggled out of the hug and rushed back upstairs. When he got back a few minutes later, he was holding a blue and white flower corsage.
“You would only have led me on if you felt nothing at all which we have established is not the case.”
Charlie gave him a thumbs-up. Dean turned to exit the room, and he knocked on the door to the nearest restroom. He heard nothing and peaked inside.
It really did. Dean never thought he’d be presented with an opportunity to explore his sexuality in a positive setting like this. It could be good for him. If John found out though...he already had stuff to figure out with him, so maybe it wouldn’t be such a good idea. Still...
Well, it wasn’t the worst news in the world. Bobby was safe at least, and now he could spend another night snuggled up next to Cas. He smiled at the boy before putting his phone back into his pocket and starting the car.
“I’ll make sure to tell her that…” Sam rolled his eyes. “Seriously though, could you at least try to maintain some manners when you meet her?”
“Yeah, probably,” the man said. “Usually there’s a little sheet inside the box that tells you what everything is.”
“Hey, leave him alone. Both of you,” everyone turned their heads to see the eldest Novak sibling, Michael, emerge from the kitchen.
“Cas is…” Dean thought about it. “Funny. Not like jokester funny, but the kind of funny when a person doesn’t even realize that what they are saying is hilarious. Sometimes Cas will make comments meant to make me laugh, but usually it’s the unintentional stuff that gets me,” he smiled. “Also kind. Cas is probably the most selfless person I know. Always around for advice and support when needed.”
“Hm,” Dean took the CD from his brother and examined the back. “I mean, ‘Can’t Stop This Feeling’ is definitely a classic, but would it be too predictable?”
“You sure I shouldn’t change?” Dean asked as he glanced down at his own clothes. “This old FBI suit is not exactly…”
“That’s ok. You’re questioning which is completely valid. This could give you a chance to reflect a little, and maybe you'll learn something about yourself.”
“Yeah, brothers can do that. This seemed different, however. Gabriel almost looked guilty after you called him out, and then the thing about Elijah. Who’s he?”
“Anyway, we didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas removed his robe, stepped around Miracle who was surprisingly still sleeping, and climbed under the covers with his lover.
Also, I know Gabriel is a bit out of character, but for the purposes of this story, I wanted him to be a caring and protective brother beneath all the jokes.
“Not very. But we still gotta pick the song and a nice outfit that you can move in. You and I can practice for awhile, and when Eileen gets here, we can do a quick run through of the evening, and you can trial your speech.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably. A part of him wanted to punch John in the face for saying that while another wanted to retreat to a hole for the remainder of his life. His father caught sight of his embarrassment and smirked. Meanwhile, Cas, as oblivious as ever, just raised an eyebrow.
(Sam: “Left foot forward, right foot forward and out to the right, close the gap with your left foot so that you are standing with your feet touching. Then, you step back with your right, then back and out to the left with your left foot, close the gap.”)
Name. Shit. It’s too soon. There needs to be buildup. Think, Dean, think. Cas could be short for something other than Castiel, right? Cassie, Cassandra, Cassidy. John may not even question it.
“You’re right. I’m sorry. I’m really glad you have someone to relate to, though. A close friendship is just as, if not more valuable, than any romantic partnership.”
Cas bit his lip. He had wanted to keep this to himself until he got everything sorted out. Afterall, this was a big step he was getting ready to take, and he could lose his courage at the last second. He didn’t want to have anyone getting overly excited. Still, this was Jack. He was bound to find out somehow, right? Chuck had been omniscient, so it would only make sense for Jack to be too. Even if he had promised to be a hands off kind of god, he was always a little nosy when it came to family affairs. With that being the case, it would be better for Castiel to come out and say it rather than beat around the bush. Holding in his breath, he reached into his pocket to pull out a small wooden box with angel wings carved on the lid. Exhaling, he turned it over in his hands.
“It is, but it’s hard to be mad at him for it. I mean, Gabriel does enjoy teasing people, but on some level, I think this case was just him being protective of me, making sure that others were treating me well, and that I wasn't doing or saying anything that could get me into trouble.”
“Oh, I did. I’m a business major now at the local university. Unfortunately, I can’t rid myself of this wretched place because we only have one car, and I’m stuck taking Mother to and from work,” Crowley rolled his eyes. "On Friday afternoons she typically has a line of students outside her door with questions about assignments, so I’m going to be stuck waiting for awhile.”
“I was admiring my ring earlier,” Cas whispered, “I never truly expressed how beautiful I think it is.”
“It says ‘in darkness, you are my light.’ I had it engraved as a reminder of how much Dean has changed my life. When I was lost, he gave me hope, courage, and inspiration. No matter how much I spiraled, his faith in me remained strong, and he never stopped trying to bring me back. He was my guide to becoming a better person. I wouldn’t be who I am now without him.”
Cas didn’t argue. He leaned forward and melted into Dean. The kiss lasted for a long time before they finally had to come up for air. That’s when Dean’s eyes fell on his own ring which was pressed lightly into the angel’s shoulder where he was grasping him. The unusual symbols stared up at him, and he remembered that he never asked what it said.
“I don’t know. I just figured you had a rough time navigating faith and being gay before, and I don’t wanna ruin any progress you’ve made.”
Dean scoffed and repeated the question in a mocking tone. Why would Sam even ask him that? The answer was obvious. This was his first actual date with a guy, and that guy just happened to be his best friend and the most amazing person he had ever met. He wanted to impress him, to ensure that he felt safe, and to make certain that he didn’t regret saying yes. That was a lot of pressure, and he didn’t want to screw things up before they even began.
As they were ushered into the farthest room, the principal stood up and directed them to a line of chairs in front of his desk.
Castiel smiled at him, a trace of both relief and hope in his eyes. God, those eyes...it was like losing oneself in the fucking ocean. Much to Dean’s relief, the moment was cut short before the stupid lovestruck grin that was pulling at his lips could fully reveal itself. They both turned their heads upon hearing a squeal of excitement from the doorway.
“It’s alright. I’ll probably only be out here a few more minutes anyway. I was just hoping to maybe catch some stragglers before then,” he smiled politely at Dean.
A deep sigh came from the other boy. Cas continued to avoid making eye contact, but to Dean’s surprise, he took his hand again. This time he squeezed it.
Cas listened fondly as his partner went over the plot of the film in excruciating detail, almost to the point where he didn’t even feel the need to watch it since Dean had basically given him all the information he needed. However, Dean swore that his description could never do it justice, and Cas would have to experience it himself, preferably with Dean close by to tell him all the behind-the-scenes facts he had learned over the years and the significance of certain scenes. Though cowboys weren’t really Cas’s thing, he enjoyed playing into his friend’s interests, and a night snuggling in front of the television sounded lovely. So he conceded.
Dean slipped a note into the pot, and then proceeded to glare at his brother for making fun of his present.
They finally arrived at the apartment door, and Dean was desperately trying to hide the fact that he was out of breath. Fuck, he hated stairs. He fumbled in his pocket for his keys, but before he could place the right one in the lock, the door opened. He didn’t need to look up to know who was standing in front of them.
“Those expectations are ones you should set for yourselves. Who cares what other people do? Your relationship is yours, and you do what you need to.”
“I’m a nephilim. Sugar doesn’t have the same effect on me,” Jack groaned, “Besides, it tastes better than Sam’s food.”
“Ay, come on. You’ll get everything straightened out. Nobody ever said love was easy, but I have faith in you two.”
“Sorry. Sammy increases the volume to drown me out when I start singing along,” he turned the dial, and the music became softer. “That better?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas averted his eyes, his expression showcasing a sudden sense of remorse for overstepping, “I don’t mean to pressure you. It’s just that I want to help, and I think you could benefit.”
“That’s exactly why we should be doing everything possible to maximize the chances of you getting some rest. You’re getting a bed,” Cas had his mind set. “And actually, I think I’ll ask if I can sleep on the floor in there with you rather than in my room. Jack will be fine, but you really shouldn’t be alone right now.”
Cas gave him a soft smile. He had forgotten that even though Jack was a Nephilim, he never underwent formal angel conditioning which included crash courses on Enochian.
Dean noticed the realization fall on his brother’s face, and he wanted to facepalm himself. Of course Sam would put two and two together.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean rubbed at his neck. “My brother and I just moved here from Kansas. Business relocation. Sixth time this year.”
“Which I imagine is why Cas insists on being there with Dean because he doesn’t have that support system.”
“Sorry, Sammy, but nothing about me is straight,” Dean smirked, opting for his usual comedic remark to overpower the anxiety bubbling inside him.
“So…” Sam contemplated how he wanted to phrase his next question. “I don’t want to overstep, but are you and Castiel...”
The remainder of the trip was a lot livelier with Dean making jokes and attempting to teach Cas how to play road games like “I Spy” and “20 questions.” Key word is “attempting” as Cas always wanted to make things more complicated than they needed to be. Dean didn’t mind though. However, he nearly drove them off the road when Cas’s clue for a cow sent him into a laughing attack. Something about the cow playing a role in bringing the boys to the yard because one needs milk to make a milkshake. It was super corny and would probably annoy a stranger, but for Dean, it was one of the funniest things he’s heard. It was random comments like that from Cas that reminded Dean of how smitten he was for that dorky little dude. When they arrived, Dean was taken aback when Cas immediately unhooked his seatbelt and rushed out and around to Dean’s side of the car to open his door for him.
Then, of course, there was the “small” issue that he and Sam hadn’t heard anything from their father since he stormed out. Dean had told himself that this was just another one of John’s trademark temper tantrums, but deep down he was scared that maybe it wasn’t. Maybe this time their dad wouldn’t come back. If that was the case, what would that mean for them? Dean was less worried for himself than for Sammy. He was eighteen and could figure something out, but Sam...he was still a kid. It’s not like Dean could get custody since he didn’t have a stable income or a house of his own. Plus, he was probably too young to apply anyway. He pictured Sam in some foster home far away where they couldn’t see eachother, and the thought sickened him. And an even worse thought came to mind as Dean finally locked eyes with his brother: what would happen if John did return, but only for Sam? What if he kicked Dean out, and Sam was left alone to deal with their father’s neglect? If that happened, Dean would never forgive himself.
“Sorry. I needed a moment to ground myself,” he said. “I was a bit overwhelmed coming to school today. A lot on my mind.”
“I’ve known you were bisexual since the beginning since you told me out front, so I can’t really answer that,” he said.
After dropping Sam off at the apartment, Dean felt the reality of the situation setting in. He glanced over at Cas, and a part of him became rather giddy because, despite taking Cas home after school multiple times before, this was going to be his first time actually hanging out with him at the Novak house. That was a big deal, he thought, since Castiel rarely allowed visitors. He said it was due to the complexity of his living situation- so many people under one roof and family drama- but it might also be influenced by the fact that he was a private person by nature. It was hard to believe considering he was so open and confident when Dean was around, but according to Charlie, he was usually quiet and hesitant to reveal elements of his personal life to others. Even in Pride Alliance, he only tapped into the parts that were useful for the purposes of whatever activity they were engaging in. It was a carefully tailored public persona, and the only ones that were granted access to what lay beyond that were people he shared a close bond with and trusted sincerely. The list was short, so Dean was honored to be among the few Cas experienced such a connection with, especially since they had only been friends a couple months. Pulling around the corner to Castiel’s street, Dean noticed a sudden change in his friend’s demeanor. His shoulders appeared tense, and his expression worried. Dean’s hand fell on his arm, a gesture of concern, and he sighed.
I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to get this updated before Valentine’s Day, everyone. I didn’t get as much work done this weekend as I wanted to. I went ahead and posted the first part. I’m still refining the actual proposal scene, and I didn’t want to rush it. I hope to have that uploaded by the end of the day tomorrow or Wednesday at the latest. Fingers crossed.
“I know, but I wanted to. I also made us reservations for dinner at a steakhouse a few towns over for tonight. I’ve never had steak before, so I thought it would be nice.”
“Gabriel, we do have an impressionable child present, so could you please watch your language,” Michael said disapprovingly.
Dean cut him off. He had an idea, although he knew his brother wouldn’t like it. He didn’t even really like it, but it seemed like the best option.
Cas was silent. Though he had a speech prepared, he concluded that no words could describe what he was feeling at that moment. The ring in his own jacket would have to suffice. Taking it out, he handed it to Dean. It took a moment for the other man to realize what was going on, but once it clicked, he was beaming.
“Sure, I guess it wouldn’t hurt. I’ll just need to grab my jacket from the trunk of the Impala…hey Sam, do you want to come or are you staying here?”
That rule stands, but most everyone is out tonight. It’s just me, Hannah, and Jack. They’re both asleep, but if we whisper, it won’t wake them.
“You should see him with Battleship,” Cas whispered back, a grin tugging at his lips as Gabriel cursed repeatedly.
“It’s been a long day. Sam and Dean could benefit from some rest,” Cas said. “Myself as well to be perfectly honest.”
“Alright, everybody got it?” Crowley’s voice snapped him out of his guilt-ridden thoughts; he had no idea what had been discussed, so he merely gave a thumbs-up in solidarity.
“You’re redirecting. Please Dean. Talk to me,” Dean could feel blue eyes piercing through him even though he couldn’t turn to face Cas directly.
“I have, and I do utilize text for school and work purposes as well as quick family updates. For other more personal things, I prefer email.”
“There isn’t one. I just realized that I haven’t spent much time with you boys since we moved here, and I thought it would be nice to cook and have dinner together,” he responded cheerfully. “I got off early from work, so I had a head start.”
That did sound cool. However, a part of Dean still hoped for that time alone with Cas. Not that anything would necessarily come from it. Did he want something to? Maybe, no...well...the more he thought about it, the better it sounded. The dance fantasy was great, but he’d even settle for an intimate night of jokes and Cas’s smile lighting up the room. Just being near the guy made Dean feel warm inside, and that was both amazing and terrifying. Afterall, finding Cas attractive was one thing, but Dean was sure he was developing romantic feelings. He had never experienced that before (with anyone, not just with a guy) so this was all uncharted territory. However, it was something he would be willing to explore. Perhaps he should just bite the bullet and ask Castiel out just to see if there was even a chance. If he did that though, and his feelings aren't reciprocated, he could be risking their friendship. That would be a lot to lose, so Dean figured it was best to think it over some more. Also, if he did ask him out, Dean wanted to plan something special rather than just blurting it out in the middle of a public park like where they were currently. Geez, now it really was turning into a chick flick.
“I never said you needed to jump from partner to partner. I just meant that you should date someone who can guide you through these new experiences and enjoy them in their entirety alongside you.”
“I was never a good angel anyway,” Cas said halfheartedly. “As for heaven...you can make it so I would have a soul, right?”
The dog peaked open one eye and licked his hand. He assumed that was a promise. Lifting his gaze back to his brother, he could see that Sam had his hand outstretched. Standing up, he made his way over to grab the other man’s hand. Immediately, Sam pulled him in so that they were only a few inches from each other.
“Every relationship has to start somewhere. The first time your mom and I really went out was when her friends dragged us to a karaoke joint and signed us up to sing. It’s a good thing they had some Zeppelin tracks.”
“I’m not sure, Jack,” Gabriel pretended to sound concerned. “This might be too much for a little guy like you.”
“Yes, I’m aware,” Cas rolled his eyes, “Sam lectures him about it daily...just keep your mouth closed while you chew.”
As he turned the corner from the locker room, Dean was surprised, but a bit relieved, to bump into Cas who was heading out from his classroom and in the same direction. The boy smiled upon seeing him, but then proceeded to tease Dean about his hair which, due to the shower he had taken after gym, was drying into a frizzy mess. A part of him wanted to retort his comments, but the sound of Cas’s laugh was too cute to silence for the sake of his ego. Dean could take the hit just this once.
“Never mind,” he shook his head.“It doesn’t matter. Look, I know you’re probably still pissed at me, but,” John cut Dean off mid-sentence and looked beyond him at Cas.
Dean reached over to his radio and pressed play. The sound of a piano broke through the silence of the night. Cas recognized the tune as one of his partner’s favorites.
Dean’s first few classes dragged on like molasses. It wasn’t that the subjects themselves were boring but that he was being forced to listen to what was essentially the exact same spiel about school protocols in every class. Syllabus day, as it was known, was starting to seem like a broken record, and if he had to listen to one more person ask a question where the answer was clearly visible on the sheet in front of them, he was going to lose it. Not to mention, sitting behind those tiny desks made his legs cramp up, and he was never sure if he would be able to stand once the bell rang. The only good thing about school thus far was that when fifth period rolled around, a familiar face appeared in the rows of students. Castiel didn’t seem to notice him when he walked in, engrossed in some novel, but the sound of Dean dumping his backpack on the floor next to him caught the boy’s attention. He looked up and gave Dean a slight smile.
“Ok, ok. You got me. There may be something between me and Cas, but we haven’t talked about it yet, and nobody else knows, and I need you to be cool because we are not walking in there together with that cheeky grin on your face,” he snapped.
“Mom isn’t here,” Dean began. “You can’t speak for her, so take the guilt trip and shove it. Also, I don’t give a fuck about what you want because this isn’t about you.”
The sound of Cas’s voice led Dean to lift his head. From his position on the floor, he could only see Cas’s legs and feet, so he had to reposition himself. Then, he almost didn’t believe what he saw.
“We’re fine!” Jack too snapped out of his daze and returned to his normal cheerful, if somewhat awkward, state. “We are looking for Valentine’s Day gifts.”
When it came to be Dean’s turn, he was instantly dreading the outcome. He hated fitting rooms with a burning passion because trying on new clothes made him feel self-conscious. He knew he shouldn’t worry about other people’s opinions, but it wasn’t always easy to turn off those thoughts. In this situation, it was near impossible because Cas was there as a witness, and Dean wanted more than anything to “wow” him.
“But you’re sure this doesn’t have anything to do with you wanting to see more of me?” Dean smirked.
“It’s getting late. We should go,” Dean sighed as he opened the passenger side door to allow his friend entry to the car.
Dean nodded and made a motion to indicate that he’d be following him back to their room. When he entered, Sam was positioned on his bed with his hands in his lap, feet planted on the floor, facing the other bed where he expected Dean to sit. Taking in a deep breath, Dean settled himself in front of Sam.
“Hell....ok. I’ll talk to Cas. But why didn’t you reach out to him directly? Or Charlie. They’re the leaders of PA.”
The rest of the week went by as expected, nothing too eventful in terms of school. At home, however, John still hadn’t found his way back from the conference even though he should’ve been on a plane two days ago. Whatever happened to that, Dean didn’t know, but he also wasn’t surprised. He just hoped the old man didn’t wind up in a ditch somewhere, the aftermath of a long night with his colleagues at the bar. His fellow salesmen knew when to set limits, but that was never John’s specialty. If he didn’t show up by the end of night, Dean figured he would call. At the least, he hoped to find out if he needed to dig into his emergency fund because his father had been a bit conservative about the money he left for him and Sam. It was running dry, and they had only purchased the bare minimum they would need to get through his absence. There wasn’t even anything left over for Dean to surprise his brother with as a celebration for surviving his first week of high school. It sucked, and he wanted to chew his dad out for it, but if Dean was being honest, it was the farthest thing from his mind as he walked into school Friday morning.
He pulled the Impala into the lot, making note of the crowd forming across the street. Most were women holding signs that said things about protecting the minds of the youth from corruption. The few fathers among them were sporting tacky “Adam and Steve” shirts with a cross through the names. It was almost humorous how stereotypical they all were, but Dean knew better than to underestimate the power these idiots could have on the community.
Surprisingly, there weren’t that many people at the store when Dean arrived. Granted, it was the middle of the week, and it’s a small town, but he expected more of a crowd for Valentine’s Day. The door chimed as he entered the shop, and he was greeted by a woman in a blue blouse and dress pants. She seemed nice, but the giant sales rep smile on her face made Dean a bit uncomfortable. He never liked it when people smiled that much. It was kind of creepy.
“So, I’m going to be upfront with you,” Michael focused on Dean, causing him to gulp. “This is all very new to me. I haven’t had much exposure to queer relationships, and when Castiel first told me that he was gay, it worried me. Over the years I have worked on trying to understand and support, but I’m afraid I may not be exactly where he would like me to be yet. I don’t like being a barrier to my brother’s happiness, but you must understand that as a caretaker, I want to protect him. I want to keep him from getting hurt.”
“So you like me as a person, but you do not find me attractive? Not to be combative, I’m just confused.”
Immediately, Miracle stopped barking and fixated her gaze on him. Her tail wagged vigorously which made Dean smile. Even when he was stressed, that dog always seemed to cheer him up.
“What makes you think Balthazar wouldn’t want to? He seems like the type of guy who’d jump at the opportunity. Or what about Claire and Kaia? I bet they’d do it.”
“Look, Cas already gave me the whole ‘live your truth’ spiel. I get it. I shouldn’t base my self-worth on what others think of me. I’m working on it, but this is really important, so can you please just be straight with me? Tell me it’s ok.”
“Could you maybe just raise your hands a little?” Cas responded shyly. “It’s just that I’m ticklish.”
“It’s not a request, Castiel. If you aren’t comfortable, then that’s just the way it is. He has to respect that. Although, again he’s always respected you, so perhaps you’re just putting words into his mouth because you don’t want to risk getting hurt?”
Sammy nodded and went back to staring at the ground. It was silent between them for a while until the school came into view at the top of the hill.
Ok, maybe he was being a little hard on himself. He was getting all worked up over hypotheticals. As long as he showed his willingness to learn and try, things should be ok. Patience was also important. Be patient, show devotion even in difficult situations.
“Yeah, probably. Which means you and Cas will have the bunker to yourselves. So, there’s your head start,” Sam moved his eyebrows up and down. “I’ll make sure to lock my door this time.”
“Devotion,” Dean admitted, “You’ve always been there for me. In addition to laughing at all my stupid jokes and complimenting me even when I look like crap, you also call me out on my bullshit and encourage me to do better because you see potential that I don’t always see myself. Plus, you give me confidence, and I feel at home with you,” he paused to lick his lips which were suddenly very dry. “It’s one thing to be in a relationship, but to fall in love with your best friend...well, that’s something else entirely, and it’s not a situation I take lightly.”
“I mean, I’m probably going to be there with my brother. Sammy’s been crushing on this girl in one of his classes, and I think he’s going to ask her out. I’ll have to drive them, and then my dad will probably want me to stick around to keep an eye on things. So, you know, if you do decide to go, I’ll be around. I can be a buddy to sit and talk with so you’re not by yourself if Charlie runs off somewhere. That is, if you want.”
*TRIGGER WARNING* John is an asshole and a terrible father (obviously not new to anyone). Incidents of emotional abuse and some physical abuse (minor, but still). Please skip to the line “As the three of them exited the apartment complex” if you‘re not comfortable or simply do not wish to read.
Sam grinned and grabbed his arm to pull him through the swarm of people and toward the table in question. Dean waited patiently as the team captain went on and on about the benefits of debate for different realms in academia. Sam listened intently and then proceeded to share his plans for becoming a lawyer someday which was well-received by both the captain and his teammates. Everyone seemed to be getting along nicely, so Dean slipped away for a moment to check out the other groups. His brother was too enthralled by his conversation to notice.
“I’m messing with you,” she laughed. “To be honest, I think it’s been the best part of his day. It’s only been a week, but he seems so much brighter when I see him in the halls after your guys’ class. I think you’ve made an impression.”
There was a grumble on the other side of the door but no coherent response. Dean heard some footsteps and then relaxed a little. Bending over, he picked up the towel which had fallen in the midst of his panic, and he covered his lower half. Carefully he stepped out of the tub and positioned himself in front of the mirror. He stared at his reflection for awhile, lost in thought. He had no idea how long he was standing there, but before he knew it, there came another knock. Dean huffed and threw open the door, prepared to teach his little brother a lesson about patience. Instead, he found himself nose-to-nose with a tomato-faced Cas. His eyes widened, and he stepped back. The guy looked like he was barely breathing as he scanned Dean’s bare chest which was glistening with water droplets.
“Look, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about this for awhile,” Dean sighed, “but I wasn’t sure how to bring it up.”
“Yeah, to do that, I also need to know how to dance. And you and I both know that I’ve never done more than square dancing and the macarena.”
“Uh, yes? To put it plainly, I guess being together makes me pretty happy. I don’t have a lot of close friends you know.”
“Nothing, major. Just a few lip sync numbers. Call it a dress rehearsal for the dance since I’m not in my getup.”
“Wait, you’re actually marching with us?” Cas momentarily lifted his head and leaned over to look at Crowley.
“I’d appreciate that,” Dean said with a smile. “But to answer your question, I do want to go. It’s just a matter of coming to terms with the concept,” he hesitated a little before continuing. “I think a part of me has always known something was up, but I’ve never gotten the chance to really explore it or have anyone validate it, so it’s all just a lot at once you know?”
“My life was already fucked up. I was broken before, and I’m just now figuring out how to put the pieces back together. It would be helpful if you could stop trying to tear me back down. Now if you would excuse us,” Dean tried to walk away, but John wouldn’t allow it.
“Cas? What makes you think that?” Dean gave him an annoyed look, although he knew it was pointless since he was apparently so fucking transparent.
"Alright. Fine, but put a hold on it till I get back. I don't like the idea of you two talking about me while I'm not there. It's weird."
“Yes, finally,” Dean licked his lips, hungrily, when the waitress arrived with their entrées. “Doesn’t this look great, Cas?”
“We promise to update you as soon as we know more,” Cas tried to lessen the blow, but Sam was clearly furious by this decision.
“I’ve been trying to plan something special for Dean for Valentine’s Day, but I have no idea what to do.”
Dean made note of Cas’s omission of their relationship, and it stung a little. He knew it was with good intentions, but still. Not that it made a difference really. John Winchester was a lot of things, but he wasn’t dumb. Despite his senses being distorted, he was still able to put two and two together after his and Dean’s prior argument.
Pride what...Dean glanced down at the table which was adorned with little flags, a basket full of colorful buttons, safe place brochures, event fliers, and a pile of rainbow pens and keychains. The poster that he had previously been standing in front of highlighted the words “LGBTQIA+ services.” Suddenly, it clicked.
Dean could sense the anxiety suddenly radiating off him, and he made note of how stiff Cas’s body was. He recalled the story of his friend coming out and how Michael had been slow to accept his sexuality. Supposedly, he had been getting better, but since Dean was his brother’s first real boyfriend, Dean assumed some of his hesitance was coming back. Afterall, it was one thing to be aware of it and another to see his brother act on those feelings. That would explain Cas’s reaction. He was scared that Michael would disapprove.
“Because of a lot of things, but yes, Dad plays a pretty big role in it,” Dean swallowed. “It’s just...you should’ve seen the way he looked at me, man. The anger aside, it was like he didn’t even know who I was anymore. I was a stranger and not his son. That shit has really been messing with my head.”
Everyone clapped, and the meeting proceeded to the ending remarks. Cas kept his eye on Dean, confused and a little concerned. Meanwhile, Dean just kept patting his boyfriend’s thigh and smiling at nothing in particular.
“In that case, listen up. You’re gonna love this,” Dean cleared his throat and readied himself to follow along with the chorus. “Here we go...I'm a cowboy. On a steel horse I ride. I'm wanted dead or alive. Wanted dead or alive.”
Second, I’m sorry, man. I crashed shortly after I messaged you last night. I was beat. Who knew that just talking about feelings could be so exhausting. I guess that’s why I don’t do it very much. Maybe I should because this morning I’m actually feeling pretty good. I didn’t realize until now just how much weight I was carrying on my shoulders because my body seems much lighter, and I have more energy than I’ve had in awhile. It’s kinda awesome.
Before Castiel could say anything more, their teacher rushed into the room, a stack of papers in his arms. He apologized for being tardy which Dean found a little ironic. His excuse was there was a paper jam, and he needed to finish printing the syllabi. Whoopee, more syllabi...As their teacher fumbled around with the objects on his desk, Castiel leaned back to whisper to Dean.
“Alright, you three best to heading off. Say hello to Charlie and everyone,” Gabe ushered them towards the door.
The boy’s face lit up with joy, and he wrapped his arms around Castiel in appreciation. Cas patted him on the back, fondly.
“Ugh, you two are nauseating,” he groaned. “So, where’s everyone else? I thought you had a little group going.”
“Cas is not responsible for my decisions. Plus, it’s not just about him. I need to do it for me because I can’t keep on like this,” Dean’s voice broke a little. “Every day I feel more suffocated by the weight of this secret. I don’t even feel like me when I’m here, and this person that I’ve created to please Dad...well, I don’t like him very much. I just want to breathe, Sammy. To just exist without that anxiety hanging over me all the time.”
“No complaints here. For someone who has little experience with romance, dude, you sure know how to make a guy weak. The whole night you basically had me in the palm of your hand.”
Dean bit his lip. He had been thinking about it since the activity started, and he still wasn’t sure how to narrow it down. He was of course grateful to have the Pride Alliance, Sammy and Bobby, Cas and his family. He was grateful to have decent grades and to be in good health. He was grateful for the Impala and for the little money he had outside of stolen credit cards. Also the smaller things like the sound of leaves crunching or the warmth of the sun on his skin. Altogether, he’d have to say he was grateful to be alive. It took him a long time before he could say that truthfully, afterall there had been some rough patches in the past. However, at that moment there was no doubt.
“I’m still not sure I understand the message here,” Sam admitted. “What is the club, and why were you embarrassed?”
In regards to your father, I wish things could be different. I wish homophobia didn’t exist and that we could all live without having to worry about judgement or ridicule. Unfortunately, the world isn’t so kind. We are faced with these challenges, and it’s up to us whether to hide or fight. You’ve already shown so much courage by initiating discussion, so just keep pushing. You’re a fighter, Dean. Even if he doesn’t want to listen, you must continue speaking your truth. Educate if you can, but ultimately you must take back your power by not giving others the satisfaction of tearing you down. Just live freely. Be happy. Show the world that queerness is beautiful, and that it’s nothing to be ashamed of. It won’t always be easy, but I promise to be with you every step of the way and to help pick you back up when you need it.
“Charlie’s already on her way. I messaged her last night. I tried contacting Cas, but he wasn’t checking his damn emails.”
“It was initially. But overtime I came to accept that he just didn’t care, so what was the point of dwelling on the loss? If you even want to call it that,” Cas frowned.
Ok, so I wanted an excuse for Dean to call Cas a silly name, but it works. Cas likes bees, and that can extend to honey. Also, I admit that imagining Castiel as a small child with a stuffed Winnie the Pooh and a honeypot brought a huge smile to my face, and I needed that.
“Of course I am. But compared to the congregation as a whole, this group has been much better at taking me in as I am. It took some soul searching at first, but everyone seems to be onboard now. Some are actually pretty outspoken on queer issues these days which can be both a blessing and a curse depending on the circumstances.”
“So, do you like it? Because if you don’t, I can...” Dean practically jumped to his feet and threw his arms around Cas.
“We can talk about it at lunch, ok? I was going to hold off until after the parade, but I can’t wait that long.”
“He’s not…” Cas paused, a bit flustered, but he quickly composed himself. “He’s a new student. We met earlier this week, and I invited him to come to the meeting. Now, could you please control yourself? I don’t need you scaring him off by being creepy.”
“Sorry. I’m here. You mentioned Sam, and I was just...anyway, I guess email works. I’ll have to look for my password cause I don’t think I’ve used it in a couple years. It’s probably written on a sticky note somewhere. I’ll find it, don’t worry.”
Dean’s friends were all waiting for them at the mall’s entrance, everyone except Castiel. That wasn’t encouraging, but Dean didn’t have much time to think about it before he was pulled into a tight embrace by a spunky redhead. Crowley, Kaia, and Claire watched in amusement as Charlie’s hug nearly caused Dean’s eyes to pop out of his head. Sam held back, not sure if Dean would want him to intervene since he hadn’t been formally introduced yet to anyone besides Claire.
Cas meanwhile was speechless. He stared at Michael in shock. The elder Novak held out his arms and approached him. Dean let go of his boyfriend and stepped to the side while Cas practically fell into his brother’s embrace.
“Dude, you really shouldn’t…” he paused while Cas was sniffing the candy. “I’m not supposed to let you open stuff without you paying for it first. It’s store policy cause it can’t go back on the shelf now.”
As the clock neared 3:30, Dean felt his anxiety creeping back. He had managed to subdue it for as long as he was moving about, but now that it was just him and Cas sitting and waiting, it was becoming much harder to act like everything was cool. He knew Castiel could sense it too. He could practically feel the kid’s gaze tearing through him, but he refused to make eye contact. Instead, he cleared his throat and attempted to make conversation.
“No, you were wonderful,” Cas turned to face him. “You were being true to your feelings, and that is something I appreciate more than anything. My subsequent behavior was derived from my own insecurity and had nothing to do with you. Not that intention matters because, bottomline, distancing myself hurt you. For that, I am sorry.”
For the duration of the parade, Dean wore the stupidest of grins and looked like a love struck idiot with the way he kept playfully bumping into Cas. Such casual contact in public was freeing, and he couldn’t get enough. It was exhilarating. Sure there were some judgemental stares and eye rolls from conservatives in the crowd, but it didn’t matter. The only thing on his mind was his goofball of a boyfriend who at one point along the route took a flower from a little girl that offered it to him and put it in his hair. He wore it proudly as he marched.
“Heh, don’t know about breathtaking,” Dean took a sip of his beer. “But thanks. You look pretty good, yourself,” he set the bottle down on the ground next to him and leaned forward to kiss the other man, cheekily.
“I have some homework I want to get done anyway. That way I won’t have to worry about it with the dance and everything,” Sam lied.
“Seniors are allowed to leave campus for lunch, so I usually go to the little park down the hill. It’s not too far, but I try to get out of here as quickly as possible so I can make it there and back in time for sixth period.”
Dean glanced at Cas who suddenly seemed to be frozen in place, struck by John’s words. The hurt look on his face caused fury to bubble up inside Dean, and he turned back to his father with fire in his eyes.
“I don’t even blame Gabriel really. It’s just the way he is. I do blame myself, though, because I never spoke up. If I had just talked to him sooner, maybe the teasing wouldn’t have gone that far.”
Another town, another school, another chance to (hopefully) get things right. At least that’s what Dean always told himself whenever his father forced him and his brother to drop everything to move hundreds of miles away for a job. It was a mantra of sorts that helped him to maintain his sanity despite the unstable conditions he lived in, and it had proven critical during the periods of abandonment when he was left to care for his little brother while his father went on business trips or was on a bender. More often than not, it was the latter. Sometimes Dean wondered how he even managed to hold down a job when he was only sober half the time. Then again, John Winchester had always been fairly adept at the art of bullshitting, so Dean imagined he was capable of putting on a show for his employers so they wouldn’t know he was drunk. Such bullshittery was also his go-to response for explaining his neglect to his sons. Unfortunately for John, Dean learned his lesson years ago and would not hesitate to call him out on being a pisspoor dad anymore. The last time he had done so had been just that morning before John left for a conference which is why he was now stuck walking to class on his first day. His dad confiscated the keys to the Impala until he returned which means that senior year was already off to a horrible start.
“I’m not sure what to say,” Cas muttered. “You don’t need to prove anything to me, Dean. I told you that.”
“I mean, I wouldn’t call myself a jock. I’m more of a car guy than a sports guy. What about you? You don't strike me as those things either."
"I know, I'm sorry. It's just that I thought an extra mind on the task would be helpful. Plus, she was running some stuff by me, and it could be really nice."
Cas gave her a shy smile. Something told Dean that Charlie had been bugging him about this for awhile and would probably never let him live it down. As embarrassing as it was, considering he too should’ve admitted his feelings a long time ago, Dean couldn’t help but be amused at the look of triumph on Charlie’s face.
“First of all, congratulations! That’s a big deal, so of course you want to look good. Second, do you have any idea what your fiancé might be wearing? That can help us narrow it down.”
“I don’t know. How about something from that list you made for Pride Alliance? I never actually had the chance to watch any of them cause it would be awkward with Sam, and I felt weird watching alone.”
Cas scrunched up his nose. He thought about all the times the two of them had gotten wasted while out with Sam and other hunters and eaten greasy bar food before coming back to the bunker and having sex the rest of the night. Not exactly the most romantic, and definitely not something he felt right discussing with his (essentially) four-year-old son. Just visualizing it made him blush, so he had to shake the thought away. In its place came images of weekly movie nights. Those were always fun. The two of them would cuddle on the couch, and Cas would kiss Dean to shut him up whenever he went on a rant about something a character said or did on screen. Those moments were sweet but were often cut short since Sam was usually there. As Dean would say, his brother is a bit of a mood killer.
Dean wanted to slap himself, but he couldn’t resist asking the obvious question. He needed to know, and then he would drop the subject before he got himself into trouble.
As soon as Miracle noticed another voice in the room, she rose from her dog bed and rushed to say hello. Meanwhile, Sam and Dean stood frozen in the middle of their routine. Dean pretended to clear his throat and let go of his brother’s hands.
Dean just shook his head, although he was holding back a chuckle at the thought of Crowley interrupting the dance for an impromptu performance. For a moment the image nearly caused him to forget about Cas’s absence. Then, he remembered.
“Maybe so, but it doesn’t mean he still won’t be making a huge sacrifice. Dean likes sex, he’s told me himself. How can I ask him to just give it up?”
“Are you alright, guys?” one of the cashiers abandoned their post momentarily to meet them in the doorway. “You’re sort of blocking the doors and also letting in the cold air,” he had a smile on his face, but it was obvious that he was a little annoyed.
“It varied. With my brother, Gabriel, it was fairly simple since he’s very accepting. Honestly, I just went up to him one day and started talking nonchalantly about a crush on some kid at school, and he went with it. He himself is fluid in terms of sexuality, so it didn’t affect him too much. My nephew, Jack, was also easy because I didn’t really have to say anything at all. He’s been exposed to it since he was born because he’d overhear me with Gabriel or see me with the Pride Alliance. It’s just normal for him,” Cas said, “As for Raphael, he’s kind of indifferent. He’s never concerned with what I do really unless I get in his way. I told him and my eldest brother, Michael, at the same time over dinner one night. That took a bit more buildup for Michael’s sake. He’s more of a traditionalist, so he was hesitant at first. He’s getting better though. Hannah, my sister, was sort of hard to convince too, but her case was more fear-related. She didn’t want anything bad to happen or for someone to hurt me which is understandable.”
Sighing, he rubbed at his eyes and proceeded to text his brother that he was in the driveway. He had called earlier to let him know he was bringing Miracle over, but he didn’t give any details as to why. He still hadn’t quite figured out how he wanted to tell everybody about him and Cas. That is, if there ends up being anything to tell. Courage, he told himself.
“Nothing much. I thought you might be hungry, so I brought lunch,” she held up some takeout bags, and Miracle began jumping up and down in excitement. “Not for you, girl, sorry,” she smiled at the dog.
“Bi, huh? Hey Cas, you might have a shot then,” he smirked while his younger brother gave him a death glare.
“Yeah, well we were a little preoccupied last night,” Dean touched his cheeks (why was he blushing?)
“Sounds good,” Sam responded as he unhooked himself from his brother’s arm and began to pack up his stuff.
As the automatic doors slid open, and the two entered the store, Castiel felt immediately overwhelmed. The market aisles were packed with treats, teddy bears, decorations, cards, and little gift baskets adorned with red, white, and pink ribbons for the holiday. So many options, some tacky, some sweet, some Cas didn’t even really understand (why were there so many things that read “I wuv u” when that’s clearly misspelled?). He had no clue where to start, and Jack wasn’t really helping considering he was just as awestruck as his father.
“I was just going to say that I trust you, and I appreciate the effort you are making. Also, I would very much like to give ‘us’ a chance,” Cas said, leaning forward to pull him into a hug.
“Yes, I know, and I don’t want to push you outside your comfort zone by any means,” there was a softness in his voice as he spoke, “I remember how hard it was trying to figure out who I was. It can be scary. Even if you don’t join, I want you to know that you’re welcome to reach out to me anytime if you have questions, need advice, or if you just want to talk.”
“I’ll meet you out back. I just have to talk to Dean for a second,” Sam kissed her cheek and guided her back towards the kitchen.
“Mature adult, huh? Is that what you think you are?” John frowned. “Because all I see is a rebellious teenager, a CHILD, spitting in the face of his father who is only trying to keep him from screwing up his life.”
“Hey,” he poked Charlie to get her attention. “I’m going to go look for Cas. He hasn’t come back, and I should see what’s going on.”
“You’re right,” Cas muttered. “I’m so stupid,” he buried his face in his hands. “I should’ve trusted him. I should’ve stayed.”
“I usually am,” Gabriel winked and then began yawning. “Come to think of it, I’m pretty beat myself. So if you don’t mind…” he pointed at the sofa Michael was hogging. “Piss off.”
Dean sniffled and dug his hand into his pocket to retrieve a small velvety box. Cas remained still as his partner took the honeybee ring from inside and slipped it onto his finger. It sparkled in the moonlight and was absolutely gorgeous. He stared at it for a moment before glancing up at Dean with bewilderment.
“It’s nice to meet you too, Gabriel,” Dean said, politely. “And really?” he turned towards Castiel who avoided his gaze.
“Mr. Met?” Cas tentatively entered the conversation. “If you don’t mind, can you tell us what exactly she wanted? Maybe if we talked to her, we could compromise?”
“This is quite the place you picked here, Cas,” Dean said as he looked around. “They have really turned up the ambiance in here.”
“Mmm,” the boy was chewing on another piece of candy. “It says ‘dress to impress', and there's a picture of two people in formal wear."
“It’s not really mine either, to be honest. I’m not big into crowds or loud music, but Charlie usually forces me to go.”
“Come on, Sam,” he said begrudgingly, “We’re leaving,” he joined hands with Cas again and turned towards the stairwell.
“I’ve been doing a lot of soul searching this week, and I believe I’m ready to reopen the issue from Monday.”
“Go wait in the library. We’ll meet you there later,” Dean asserted as he climbed out of the car. “Come on, Cas.”
“Just another reason to kick the crap out of your father the next time I see him. Selfish prick. Always picking fights for no damn reason other than to put himself on top.”
Dean was honestly impressed. He had gotten the impression that Cas was bright just from the way he talked, but he hadn’t been expecting this level of intellectualism. Of course, being in AP didn’t necessarily imply success in those subjects, but he had a feeling that Cas was indeed brilliant on all counts. It was rare that someone like that would even bother to talk to Dean, let alone show any interest in his life. He felt honored, if not a little intimidated. Cas eased his nerves a bit, though.
After putting Jack to bed, Gabriel returned downstairs where Michael was sitting on the couch, drinking some coffee. He frowned.
Once the classroom had cleared, Cas took Dean’s hand in his own and led the way. Dean thought he saw his teacher give them a strange look on the way out, but he couldn’t be bothered to do anything about it. Honestly, fuck that guy anyway. His attention was fully on Cas now.
Dean never liked being put on the spot. Suddenly, he felt a bit dizzy, and his hands were clammy. Noticing his discomfort, Castiel stood up and redirected Dean to some empty chairs in the corner. They both sat, and Cas was looking at him with a concerned expression.
“Sorry for the wait, gentlemen,” a woman appeared next to their table with a bottle of wine in her hand. “My name’s Jamie, and I’ll be your server. I’ve got a lovely bottle of Merlot here on reserve for you two.”
“Asexual. Technically, it means I have little to no sexual feelings or desires. Although, experiences and levels of attraction vary, so it’s more of a rough definition. Anyway, the Ace spectrum is independent of romantic orientation which would explain how I can still desire a romantic connection to someone despite not wanting to have sex with them. Since I am usually attracted to men, I’d say I’m probably homoromantic.”
Dean didn’t fight it. He finally let himself go, melting into Cas’s embrace and crying like in those damn movies. Lucky Sam was not awake to watch him completely unravel, even if it was in a good way. They were tears of relief, of freedom, as cheesy as it sounded. Cas held him tight, and neither seemed inclined to pull away. Before they knew it, both boys fell asleep.
“Ok, word of advice,” Crowley began, “Don’t get caught up in titles. Gay, straight, bi, it’s all just words. Do what you want in the moment and be who you want to be with. If you like it, great. If not, try something else. You don’t need to slap a label on something to make it valid. Also, what even is normal? Last time I checked, everyone is different, and we are all just trying to exist. You shouldn’t tear yourself down for it.”
"Yeah, I know that. I saw you standing awkwardly in that blue chiton." Cas blushed. "The type of love I mean is eros. Do you feel eros for Dean?" I asked, doing my best to say what I meant. Luckily, Cas understood.
"Nope! You're here because I asked Dean-o here to call you!" Cas looked over at me. I grinned at him widely.
"The hell you thought, man?" he asked. I peered at his computer screen, scanning the contents and grinning.
"I'm ace," I replied without missing a beat. "Besides, you're changing the subject." Dean sighed, then sat back down in his chair.
"Do you want to leave, Dean, or do you want to stay? Cause it's going to get a bit chick flick-y, and I'm not so sure I'll get an honest answer with you here." I explained, then whispered conspiratorially. "I think Cassie gets embarrassment now." Cas stared at us.
We both turned back towards the couple. I watched as Dean continue his neverending babbling, one hand still in his hair and the other on his forehead, but that soon changed as Castiel, tears threaten to fall from his eyes, reached up to pull the tense hand from Dean's face, lacing his fingers with Dean's.
*As I left the room, I left it with no bad conscience nor feelings. Leaving the two dorks in love with an unspoken thing behind was maybe all they needed besides a little privacy. Of course, I intended to give it to them but my hands clenched to the nearest doorframe so my eyes could peak over.
"Yeah, freaking fascinating." I entered the motel room, hoping to see Sam and ask him for some more information about the hunt we were on when I heard that.
"As if it's me going to be doing the making out, you idjit!" I yelled back. Dean slammed the door in revenge. Ignoring it, I turned to Cas. "Right then. Cassie, I've got a question for you."
Cas looked at me quizzically. "I see. So what's this about?" I poked Dean in the side to get his attention.
"You sound like Dean," I remarked, British accent stark against the American ones all around me. I rounded a corner and spotted none other than Dean himself sat at a table, Sam's laptop open in front of him. He stared at me. I walked closer and stood behind him. "You are Dean. I see." Dean snorted.
"Not a date," I corrected. "A catch up between friends." We headed out the door, away from the two lovers, and towards a Starbucks. For one moment, everything was good. I smiled, a proper smile, and headed off into the future, in search of a hot chocolate and a Doctor Who marathon. Life was good.
"Yeah, I know." I became serious and looked Cas right in the eye. "Cas, do you love Dean?" He tilted his head.
"Okay, you know what? You're going to do that thing where you shut the hell up forever," he threatened. I snorted.
"Well, that's pretty direct, but Dean has been a strong ally and loyal companion for many years. He never gave up on me and... He gave me a home, a family, which made him mean a lot to me. So, yes, I suppose I do feel pure admiration and affection towards him. Why do you ask?"
"Oh, thank the gods. I'm happy the sexual tension is over but that is not something I want to see," I whispered, then I turned to face Sam. He was grinning, staring at the door. I tapped him lightly on the arm. "You wanna go grab a coffee, Sammich?" I asked. "Be warned, I will not be drinking coffee. Hot chocolate is much nicer." Sam laughed.
"Thank you. That answers my question perfectly." I grinned excitedly and pulled out my phone. It rang twice before Dean picked up. "Dean, get back in here!"
"Sure, so long as you spend it talking to each other rather than staring." I began to walk towards the door, adding. "By the way, Cassie here feels exactly the same!"
"Damnit, what?" he said angrily, but I could hear the small amount of hope and trepidation. I was just starting my pie!"
We waited for a minute while Dean returned from the small diner not that far from the motel. The roar of the Ipala's engines could be heard. Dean entered the room a few seconds later, holding a paper bag. He and Cas stared at each other, quickly becoming lost to their surroundings. I snapped my fingers between them.
I pinched the bridge of my nose. "Oh, for the love of Loki... Uh... Fuck, Cassie, I don't know how to explain this! Uh... Oh! You know the Greek concepts of love? Agape, philia, ludus, ect.?"
Dean groaned. "Fine! If it takes that to prove you wrong." Dean cleared his throat, closed his eyes, and began praying. I smirked slightly. "Cas, you there, man? Listen, I know you're probably ass deep in something, but if you could swing over here for a sec... that... that would be awesome." Not a second later, Castiel appeared behind Dean and smiled at him, eyes softening for a moment.
Dean groaned again, glaring at me. I grinned back. He turned to Cas. "No, Cas, it's really nothing. Don't listen to her." Cas looked at him intensely.
Just as Dean leaned down again, Cas kept the distance one second more and looked back to you and the moose. He said some more words to Dean, and with a flip of his hand, the door I was hiding behind swung shut and locked right before the action.*
What I saw gave me a desperate feeling as they just stared at each other, neither knowing what to say. Then, there's movement on Dean's lips, soft and honest from what you can tell, but extremely nervous. He stammered and rubbed his neck until his hand found his face and did the same.
"I am terribly sorry, Dean. Um," he paused. "Hello, Dean." Cas stared at Dean, pausing. "I'm here because you called?" he said, sounding mildly confused.
"And hello to you too, Killgaragh. I'm happy to see you too," Cas greeted me. I hugged him and he stood there stiffly. Ah, I thought. Still socially awkward. Well, I am too, so no harm done.
Dean raised his hands in defense. "You know what, fine! Do what you think you have to do, talk about whatever you want to talk about, but I'm out of here! Should have done this minutes ago..." Dean muttered, heading for the door. He stopped, turning around. "And no making out you two!"
"Because of reasons I'm not divulging at the moment," I said extremely helpfully. "When you say 'affection', do you mean it in a friendship way or a more intimate way?" I asked.
I watched Cas, seemingly clutching every word Dean said, observing him: his features, eyes, and lips. Though I knew him, Cas was way calmer, way more content than I'd ever seen him, and definitely more than Dean.
"That's not..." I stared at him disbelievingly. Dean went slightly pink. "I forgot Busty Asian Beauties at the bunker and Sam had that page open so... Are you happy now?" Dean admitted. I snorted, and reached into my pocket, pulling out a grey sock puppet.
"Where is...?" Dean asked, then jumped as he spotted Cas standing behind him. The softness in Cas's eyes lessened slightly. I sighed internally. "Jeez, Cas, can't you make yourself noticed next time, like one of your "Hello, Dean"s or something?" Dean said, exasperated fondness evident in his voice.
"Am I really? And who's gonna make me, Dean-o?" I sassed. Dean threw me a dark glare - a glare that said 'time to run, bitch'. I glared back with even more force. Dean blinked, then scrunched up his eyebrows.
"Okay, I know you're a bit thick, Dean Winchester, but I never believed you'd be this oblivious. So, riddle me this: Who was the one to go to hell to get your soul out? Who died for you multiple times? Who Fell and became human for you? Huh? Do you know the answer?" I ranted. Dean looked slightly overwhelmed.
"That's not going to happen, capiche? Besides, that man's busy and for sure he has more important things to do than... than that, alright! He wouldn't even answer anyway, probably..." Dean mumbled the last part.
"Eros..." Cas repeated. "It's the concept of sensual and passionate love... I have spent centuries on watching people develop to their nowadays practices, but there was always this unity between lovers... This unconditional love I could sense between them." He paused, thinking. "But since the day I got my first mission on Earth, I couldn't feel it anymore, since the day I pulled him out of..." Cas trailed off. "All concept of love around me seemed like nothing in comparison with what I felt when I first... when Dean..." Cas stammered, shuffling awkwardly. I patted him on the shoulder.
Gabriel checked his watch and informed everyone that it was almost time for the boys to leave. However, he wasn’t about to let Cas and Dean go without a photo.
“As for sex itself, the girls I was with all expected to get it on at some point. Some wanted to wait longer than others, but at the end of the day, sex was important in all my past relationships. It helped us feel closer to one another, and it was fun. Man, was it fun,” he bit his lip, suddenly regretting that last part. “However,” he cleared his throat. “It definitely wasn’t everything which is part of the reason my relationships never lasted long, aside from me moving all the time. The sex was temporary and did not compensate for overall emotional chemistry which I didn’t really have with any of them. I do have it with you, though, and while it will be an adjustment, I am willing to transition to other forms of intimacy. Afterall, you’ve given me something I’ve never really experienced before, and I’m not sure I’ll ever experience it again if I don’t jump at this opportunity.”
“Ok, um, you could coordinate something with the student council to pause the parade to ask him in front of everyone. That’ll show him you aren’t scared of what other people think,” Sam suggested.
The boy gave him a soft smile. Suddenly, Dean felt a whole lot better about the way he looked. He walked back into the dressing room with a surprised but slightly proud expression on his face.
“You don’t need to prove anything to me, Dean. I know you care, and you must understand how difficult it is for me to say no.”
“Sometimes,” the angel responded, softly, “Although, I’m not sure how it would’ve worked out, trying to navigate a relationship in the midst of multiple apocalypses.”
First of all, I want to say that your oddly formal writing style in emails never fails to make me smile. You’re such a dork, but that’s what I like about you.
They waited in silence for awhile until Sam peaked out of the classroom and spotted Cas approaching. He called for him and motioned for the boy to come inside. Cas was visibly confused, but obliged. The moment he stepped into the pottery room, he froze at the sight of Dean.
“I know, and we will, but dude, you’ve been through so much emotionally, and this is a big deal for you. We just wanted you to see how much we love and support you both.”
“Dad, you shouldn’t,” Sam tried to say something, but Dean gave him a look that clearly meant to remain silent for his own sake; He wasn’t happy about it, but Sam held his tongue.
“Nothing. I just meant that I appreciate the help, and next time you need something, I’ll be happy to do whatever you need me to do.”
Part of the solution, he figured, was to do some more research because while he loved Cas, he wasn’t exactly sure what asexuality entailed outside of his friend’s explanation. On Wednesday evening, Dean sat up on his bed with his laptop for a quick Google search. It turns out that he had been quick to dismiss any potential obstacles, and some were things he never considered. Cas was pretty tactile, at least with Dean, so casual touching was ok (arms around shoulders, touching hands, maybe some shoulder bumps), but what about more intimate gestures? If Dean wanted to put his hand around Cas’s waist, would that be too much? What about language? Could he say things like “hey sexy” or use the term “babe”, or would that make Cas feel weird? Is it too suggestive? Personally, Dean didn’t like “honey” or “sweetie” because they sounded demeaning, but what about “beautiful?” Or maybe Cas would prefer to just be referred to by his name. Another thing that bothered Dean was kissing. At what point does a kiss become too heated? Was making out something Cas would be up for, assuming they were fully clothed?
“Thank you for this,” Dean whispered, “It’s good to see your face. It seems like it’s been forever.”
“I will never understand how you deal with this everyday. It’s quite the inconvenience,” Cas groaned.
“Which part? When you fell asleep on my shoulder?” Dean tried to joke because he was getting nervous (why, he didn’t know).
“It can be at times, but my brothers say it looks good for colleges, so I suppose it’s worth it. Plus, the social/behavioral topics help build a foundation for my activism projects.”
Later, Cas treated him to that movie day he had promised. They ended up using his computer rather than the television in the living room since it was old and wasn’t connected to the internet. Actually, the thing still had a VHS player because Michael was apparently partial to his old movies. Dean could respect that, although his taste in film sucked, so that’s why they resorted to streaming.
*Also, I made some edits to this chapter because I overlooked some stuff from previous chapters that messed with continuity. Nothing major, but it bugged me. This is what happens when I go on hiatus; I forget my own stuff. Rip
“You’re serious about coming?” he asked. “You know you don’t have to pretend in order to impress Michael, right?”
Dinner was pretty good given the circumstances. The diner was a lot busier than expected, but with all of his friends present and Cas’s hand intertwined with his under the table, Dean couldn’t care less about the wait. He was just enjoying spending time with everyone. Plus, the food was delicious. He ended up not getting a burger like he planned, but instead took advantage of their all day breakfast menu. Crispy bacon, scrambled eggs, and hash browns, yes please. Cas too ordered from that menu, but he chose blueberry pancakes. Dean’s fantasy of making breakfast for Cas resurfaced for a moment, and he grinned. When Cas tilted his head at him, he blushed a little and looked away.
In retrospect, his father may have had a point. Dean certainly wasn’t like the other kids, and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t look at some of the other boys the way he was told he should look at girls. It was not like he never looked at girls, though. Girls were hot, and he had always been comfortable with the idea of dating them. Hell, he had multiple girlfriends in his life thusfar, and he had no complaints. He’d even be happy marrying a girl and having kids with her. Still, he had just been looking at Castiel like he was the most dazzling specimen he had ever laid eyes on, so what the fuck did that mean? It certainly didn’t seem like the reaction of a straight man, but...god, this was all kinds of confusing.
