“Dunno,” he said. “I asked, but the girl said there wasn’t anything about him that made her think he wasn’t human. Apparently just told her his name was Sam, walked her back to town afterwards.”
“Actually,” he said, “it kind of does.” He shrank back when everyone turned to look at him, eyes flicking nervously around the circle.
he thought scornfully. He didn’t understand how anyone survived, walking through the world with their eyes stubbornly shut to everything around them. If it hadn’t been the monster, it probably would have been the weather, or a cougar, or maybe an avalanche.
he thought, finishing his inspection of the room. Turning back to his food, he heard his stomach growl embarrassingly loud. He almost groaned as he bit into his burger.
The woman barely had a chance to scream before the sound was lost to the noise of blood filling her airway as the dead man tore into her throat in turn. Dean swore again, louder, lunging forward and wrapping his arm around her stomach, yanking her backwards. The dead man tried to follow, but he was hampered by Alex’s body lying across his legs just as much as Dean was by the weight of the woman, hanging limply in his arms. He couldn’t tell if she was dead, couldn’t look down to check, forced to keep his eyes locked on the man now struggling to his feet. He moved in the same strange, jerky movements that Alex had; skittering and heavy all at once, a mess of limbs and joints and something just sideways of human. Dean managed to take two more steps backwards before the dead man began to follow after him. He tried to shift the woman without dropping her, but when he felt the way she lolled in his arms dropped her instead, raising his gun and shooting the man in the forehead. The scream that had been rolling through his body and out his throat, building as he’d moved upwards, cut off abruptly, and he stared forward for a long moment before crumpling back to the ground. Dean didn’t wait to watch him fall, was already turning towards the woman laying at his feet, gun turning, turning, just in time to watch her surge upwards, a scream building in her lungs, squeezing out of a ruined throat and sliding wetly through her open mouth. Dean was so close to her, he could see it, see the black root rot spreading through her mouth, climbing upwards from her teeth or maybe down into them and the bullet pierced her brain just as the first tooth fell, sliding backwards through blood and gore and deep down into whatever remained of her trachea.
When Rick finally walked away, Dean was left to stare at the wall of glass bottles in front of him, burger forgotten. He couldn’t decide if he felt relieved or angry at the confirmation that his dad was at least still alive, still out there hunting somewhere. Both, probably, though every time he heard someone mention having run into John the scales tipped more and more in favour of straightforward, uncomplicated anger. It had only happened a handful of times since his father had disappeared with his cryptic, unspoken message to Dean to not look for him. Just stories, usually secondhand, hunters who’d run into him on a job, vague compliments about what a great hunter John was, sometimes comments about how proud Dean must be to have a dad like him. Dean snorted, shaking himself out of his head and picking up his burger again, taking a bite. Proud wasn’t the word for it, but it wasn’t something he could disagree with without showing his hand, so he just nodded and accepted it for the compliment it was meant as. Ellen, Bobby, and Pastor Jim were the only ones that knew that Dean didn’t know where John was, hadn’t heard from him since before he’d gone to Palo Alto. He was probably being paranoid, not saying anything about it to any other hunters, but the sick nervousness that ran through him at the thought of others knowing, of it becoming common knowledge, always managed to keep his mouth shut. If nothing else, he didn’t want anyone’s pity.
“Nah,” he said. “I mean, maybe, but when we asked around, trying to figure out who it might have been, we ended up finding this girl, the kid’s girlfriend, who was actin’ real spooked. Took a minute but she finally admitted that she saw the whole thing. Said she was out in the woods with her boyfriend when this guy shows up outta nowhere, huge dude with all these crazy scars, and all of a sudden her boyfriend’s growing fangs and claws. Boyfriend makes a lunge for her but…” the hunter paused, looking around the table to make sure everyone was listening to him, obviously savouring the captive audience, now that Dean had called attention to his story specifically, “...before he can grab her, boyfriend goes flying across the clearing.” The table shifts, clearly not expecting that.
Before Lucifer can say anything else, Dean shuffles over. “Yeah sure, I’m choosing the movie though. And you’re doing the food runs to the kitchen.”
Sam nods, agreeing as he pulls out his wallet and hands Dean his card. “Make sure to grab a bed, some toys and food, and a litterbox.” Dean leaves grumbling about the kitten but his voice is light.
As Dean begins handing out the hot chocolates, he also points to the container of cookies, giving Jody thanks for them again. Picking up the gift he dropped, Sam quickly tears off the paper, smiling happily at what there’s in his hands. A leather bound journal with the word ‘Sam’ written on the spine. Claire looks up at Dean and says that there’s one for him as well.
“You just said yourself that it’s Cas’ first Christmas, he probably doesn't have any expectations. Why aren’t you asking Sam these questions?”
“What about a Mississippi Mud Pie?’ Gabriel asks as he sets the now-clear spoon in the kitchen. At Sam’s confused glance, he adds. “It’s a chocolate pie.”
“You’re not denying it though, are you?” Claire comments, still laughing. “Listen when we get there the day after tomorrow and there’s not any mistletoe up, I’ll put it up myself. I got Jody to buy some today in fact.”
After dinner, Dean retreats to his room, telling Cas and Sam that he’s working on a secret. He spends the rest of the night wrapping up the gifts and dividing them into four separate bags based off who’s getting them. He ends falling asleep, exhausted from the day’s event, face first in a sweater he got for Claire.
“No, it’s not.” Stepping forward, Sam pulls Gadreel into a hug, carefully to avoid touching Gadreel’s wings. “Maybe your wings are damaged but it doesn’t mean you’re damaged. And the mark on your stomach just shows that you were willing to die to save us. That shows that you’re a good person Gadreel and that you care. Trust me when I say we all have scars, your’s may be more visible but I can assure you it doesn't change my opinion of you.”
Gabriel shakes his head, grabbing the pie crusts from Sam’s hands so he can take the fruits from the fridge. “I like spending time with you Sam, I’ll stay. And as someone who helped with the baking, I get one more slice than Dean once we eat them.”
He’s in the library, on the phone with Sam while pacing around the room when a flash of white against the dark floor catches his eyes. There’s a feather half tucked underneath a bookshelf. Dean carefully picks it up, tracing a finger along the shaft. He hears Sam wish him well and as he’s hanging up he spots his third feather. It’s on the red chair and smaller than the other two. Dean remembers that Lucifer had spent the night in the library as he usually did, curled up on the red chair.
Rubbing his eyes with a yawn, Dean trudges barefoot out of his room before stretching his arms above his head. Frowning, he pauses just in front of the kitchen. The lack of noise in the bunker worries him and he calls out for his brother. When no reply meets him, he calls out again. “Hey Sammy-boy. You here?” He enter the kitchen, running a hand through his hair. “Sam!”
Stirring the mixture carefully, he brings it to a boil before emptying the now drinkable hot chocolate into two of the mugs. Adding some of the alcohol to the smaller of the mugs and the marshmallows to both, Dean hands Castiel the larger mug and watches closely as the angel lifts it to his mouth. A small sip is all Castiel takes a first, swallowing it slowly. Taking another sip, Castiel lets out a small hum of approval. “It is not bad. Better than I expected it would.” Dean chuckles as he pulls a chair up beside Castiel. “The white things are the marshmallows right?”
As they make their way through the party, they pass by the man in the devil costume. Lucifer claps him on the shoulder and offers him a forced smile. “Wonderful costume.”
Suddenly feeling braver, Dean grins and leads back in his chair while returning to his own drink. “I did. You know I got another way for you to continue warming up; and it’s by far more efficient than a simple kiss. Want me to demonstrate?” He playfully wiggles his eyebrows at the angel.
Dean’s sitting on his bed, tinsel and glitter in his hair with plastic bags full of things thrown around the room. A large wrapped pine tree leaning in the corner by the door, almost just touching the ceiling. Digging through one of the bags, he suddenly groans and pushes it to the side.
The sound of a door opening makes Claire pull away from the phone, cutting off her sentence. After a moment, Claire’s voice comes back through the phone. “Jody’s back. Want me to put her on?”
Blushing brightly, Dean rubs the back of his neck and invites them in. He leads them quietly back to the library, practically keeping a hand over Claire's mouth the entire time. Before closing the door to the library, Dean shouts to Sam to not bother him or come to the library anymore. Sam shouts back that that’s fine. When Dean turns back to Jody and Claire he’s surprised to see Jody setting gifts down.
“We usually don’t,” Dean replies, trying to not to sound too angry. “But I thought that perhaps this year, with the three of us finally being together without any threats, maybe we could start celebrating again. And you’ve never had a Christmas before.”
It continues like that. Dean finds feathers littered around the Bunker. Most he discovers in the library but a few in the garage and the kitchen. He keeps finding himself collecting them, unable to find it in him to throw them away. There’s a good dozen in his drawer when Lucifer questions him about it.
In the morning, Christmas morning, Dean finishes the last few gifts he wasn’t able to get to before falling asleep. Then grabbing the bag of presents, he quietly heads to the library. He’s surprised to find Sam there as well, setting wrapped gifts of his own down under the tree.
“No. When I was a few millenniums old, one of my older brother took me down to Earth along with a few of our other siblings and we had a snowball fight but we didn’t make any snowmen.” Castiel pauses for a moment, recalling that peculiar memory, a brief and rare smile flickers on his lips. “I believe that was the day the so-called snow-angel activity was created.”
Narrowing his eyes, Gabriel bites back a smile. “I’m not a child, Sam. I don’t need to lick the spoon.” He says but when Sam goes to drop the spoon into the sink, he quickly snatchs it from his hand. Ignoring the loud laugh Sam lets out, he also grabs the bowl. “What pie are you making for Dean?”
Dean says he’s on his way to the door before hanging up. He’s careful to make sure that he doesn't alert Sam on his way down, as he unlocks and opens the door, he met with an armful of Claire throwing herself into a hug. As they pull away, she grins smugly at him and comments, “Nice snowmen.” while pointing at the small family of snowmen.
Dean whirls around in shock, his heart jumping in his chest. Castiel is standing in the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest. “What do you mean he’s not back? Did he manage to find a hook-up at the bar?” Dean smiles cheekily as he opens the fridge to grab the leftover pizza box. “Want some?” Dean holds out a slice to Castiel.
Gadreel vows to never show his wings again, wherever to one of his brothers or sisters or even to himself. His once beautiful wings were nothing more than a few burnt feathers and twisted cartilage, a remainder of his past failures and mistakes.
Thanking Castiel, Sam heads on out to the car with a smile to himself and as he hits the main road, Sam can’t help but laugh at his brother.
Castiel continues frowning, watching Dean closely. “Did you ever make snowmen with Sam?” He asks curiously.
Dean is lying on his bed, feet up with a beer and watching TV, as Lucifer enters. His face suddenly feels hot as he shrugs; he hadn’t realized Lucifer knew what he was doing. Sitting up, Dean shrugs. “I don’t know. I can throw them away if it bothers you.”
“Alright, meet me outside in ten minutes,” Dean says before he runs off in search of some carrot and hats and scarves.
Shrugging, Sam tosses him a small box. “Maybe. The box is for Cas. Can you put it in his stocking for me? Thanks.” He adds when Dean does so. “Cas said he had to go get one last item but he’ll back within the next like 20 minutes. Do we want to have breakfast before or after opening the gifts?”
Telling himself that the candles will turn up later, Dean gives up on looking for them and instead turns to gathering the decorations and other items he purchased and organizing them into categories: for the Christmas tree, for the library, for the bedrooms etc.
Cas looks up at Dean, nodding, “Yes, I heard candy canes are an important part of Christmas. Sam also told me that you liked them.”
“That’d actually be fun. Like from that Disney movie, what was it called... oh yeah Freeze- No wait Frozen. Yeah it was called Frozen... I think.” Dean flashes a quick smile at the angel but shakes his head. “I don’t Sam would appreciated that though. The adding of stick or twig arms is just something that most people add to their snowmen. So I guess that you don’t have to have them added. Arms or no arms, you can decided alright Cas.” He shrugs before kneeling in the snow by their snowmen, searching for a handful of small rocks.
It takes a moment before Gadreel is slowly hugging Sam back, pressing against the hunter’s chest. “Thank you, Sam.” He whispers as Sam steps back. “I don’t know if I deserve your kindness after all I did but thank you.”
Lucifer tilts his head up, meeting Dean’s eyes through his narrowed ones. “It should. But it doesn’t. Does that bother you?”
On his way outside, he quickly stops by the library where Castiel is doing his own research. “I’m going out now Cas, Dean’s in his room but I wouldn’t bother him. I told him that you were staying here but he seemed pretty busy and stressed so I don’t think he’ll be bothering you.”
Dean spends the night decorating the library, stringing up white lights, tinsels and garland on every bookshelf, the edge of each table and over the back of every chair present. He also scatters a few candy canes on the tables, resting a few on the sleeves, between the books. Taping two individual stockings, the first depicting a moose wearing a Santa hat, which makes Dean laugh almost as hard as it did when he first saw it at the store, and the second with an angel above a farm by a star which just makes him smile to himself again.
“Because you insisted on coming along with me because you said if you had to help Sam decorate the bunker or listen to ‘This is Halloween’ one for time, you were going to kill him.”
Castiel takes a step back with a shake of his head. “I want to keep her, Dean.” He says calmly which makes Sam laugh and Dean frown. “I will take care of her, I promise. You won’t have to do anything.”
“Why are you collecting my molted feathers?” Lucifer asks him as he enters Dean’s room, closing the door behind him.
He stands in front of the bathroom mirror, his wings stretching painfully behind him. He knows Dean constantly carries an angel blade on him, ever since Castiel brought him back to the Bunker from Heaven. He contemplates asking for it and cutting the rest of his wings away. Then his eyes settle on his stomach.
“Probably just an apple pie and a cherry pie.” Sam shrugs as he grabs the ingredients for the cream cheese icing, looking over the other items in the fridge. “Maybe a blackberry one as well.”
“It was just a squirrel, Cas.” Dean teases him gently as he turns back to the snowman; returning to patting the side of the snowman in an attempt to smooth the surface out. “Just stick the carrot in the middle of the top one. Snap some sticks of that tree will you: we need them for arms.”
“Just kind of space them out a little bit and put them all around the tree so they’re not focused on just one part. You can also go through the other ones I got; there should be a few snowflake and baubles. I think I even got some glass ones that look like snowmen and Santas.”
Shaking his head, Sam gives Gadreel a sad smile. “No, they don’t. Demon blood was a part of me for so long but does it define who I am now?”
“It’s cold.” Castiel frowns as he watches Dean rolls the second ball of snow around in the snow surrounding the two of them.
Grabbing the back from her, Dean rolls her eyes as she jumps back from him, laughing, “Fine, you can hang it up later. Stay here just for a few more minutes, Sam’s making hot chocolate and Cas is somewhere. Okay.”
“No, you’re telling him on the 25 when I’m there and Jody and Sam are with us. Otherwise, how will I know if you’re telling the truth? Listen I have to go, I need to start making your Christmas cards. Call me make if you want tomorrow and we can over the details of this plan.” Claire is still laughing as Dean hangs up, running a hand through his hair.
“Alright we got the carrot nose, rock eyes and mouth, the twig arms but we’re missing something.” Dean looks at the snowman for a moment before looking back at Castiel. “Are we missing something?”
“Why do I have to wear this?” Lucifer sounds disgusted as he plucks at a loose thread on his firefighter costume.
Cas only nods without a word before taking a seat at one of the tables with an open notebook. Gathering the now empty plastic bags and boxes in his arms, Dean goes to the kitchen. Emptying the plastics into the garbage, he knows Sam will get upset at him for later but he just loses the door and tells himself he’ll deal with that when it comes too.
“Ready for the gifts?” Dean looks over at Cas who nods again, a small smile on his face. “Great, Sam wanna get a go-on.”
“If Cas is with you just ask what he wants to do.” The sound of a crash and yelling in the background makes Bobby curse. “Listen, kid, anything you do will be enough for Cas. Don’t worry.” He says before hanging up.
The rest of the day goes by without any incidents, Cas stays in the library while Dean remains in his bedroom, looking up different Christmas traditions on his laptop. Around midday, he receives a notification of an email from Jody. Reading the email he texts Sam, asking for him to pick up some small gifts that Dean says he forgot to mail out to Jody and some extra candles as he’s been unable to find the other ones. Sam texts back saying he’s already heading back and will stop the store before leaving town. He sends a second text asking about the decorations and Cas that ends with a winky face. Rolling his eyes, Dean doesn't reply and instead open a new window to find some Christmas movies. While writing down a list of movies, Dean still feels like he’s not doing enough for Cas’ first Christmas and decides to give Claire another call.
“I’m fine. Have you warmed up enough or are you still cold? Cause I know other ways to help warm you up.” Dean wave Castiel’s concerns off with a weak attempt a comforting smile. Castiel shrugs, closing his hands around his mug. Before he realizes it, Dean’s taking a deep breath and is leaning across the table to press his lips to Castiel’s. A gasp slips from Castiel’s mouth as Dean cradles the back of his neck, his hand pressing to Castiel’s still cold skin. Pulling back, Dean looks away from the angel, turning his gaze to the table surface. “Shit, I’m sorry.”
“I think I’ll just take the hot chocolate as simple as you can make it.” Castiel mumbles quietly, struggling to keep up with Dean’s large strides.
“Let them cool down before eating them,” Sam smacks Gabriel’s hand with the whisk as the angel goes to grab one of the brownies cooling on the counter.
Rubbing a hand over his face, he hears Cas call out his name. Closing his laptop, he sets it to the side and climbs out of bed. Heading to the library, he finds Cas searching through one of the shelves, turning when he senses Dean. “Do you know where the novel I was reading last week is, the one about penguins?”
Dean turns to Sam for help but Sam only holds his hands up. “Hey I don’t mind having a cat around the Bunker. And don’t worry, I promise he won’t get into your stuff or scratch up your car.”
Dean shakes his head before lying back down in his bed, gesturing his beer at the TV “If that’s all, I’m going back to the TV.”
“A little bit but it’s nothing I can’t handle. What do you need?” Dean rambles on about needing advice on how to celebrate Christmas with an angel when it's their first and what sort of things he should do which only makes Bobby groan. “Bake some damn cookies, Decorate a Christmas tree. Hang mistletoe. I don’t know Dean. Your father was never one to celebrate it with you guys and as you got older it stopped being important for you.”
Reaching the kitchen, Dean bumps the door open with his hip and directs Castiel to sit at a table while he grabs the items for the drink, including one of the bottles of whiskey from the top of a cupboard. “Don’t worry, this is just gonna be in my drink,” Dean says over his shoulder. “I’m just gonna be adding some marshmallows to yours.” Grabbing the packages, he empties them into a pan and setting the stove on high, he turns back to Castiel. “This snow isn’t going to disappear overnight; so if you want tomorrow we can have a snowball fight. I think that would be pretty fun, wouldn’t it? An angel and hunter having a freaking snowball fight.” Dean shakes his head, laughing to himself as he turns back to the stove, grabbing a spoon.
“Are you not supposed to add a hat and scarf to the snowman?” Castiel looks over at Dean, halting in the process of pulling his scarf off. “Am I doing this wrong?”
Breathing deeply, Dean leans forward and presses his lips against Cas, ignoring the loud whoops from Claire and Sam in favour of realizing that Cas has grabbed the front of his sweater with one hand, pulling him ever so closer. When they pull away, Dean is surprised to find himself short of breath and that Cas’ cheeks have turned faint red
Sam sighs softly, his hand not moving from Gadreel’s shoulder. “I know.” Why does he sound sad? Gadreel slowly looks up at Sam’s face, surprised to see sadness in his eyes. “Your wings are a part of you, yes but the state of them doesn’t reflect who you are Gadreel.”
“Archangel, remember Sam,” Gabriel grins as he breaks a small piece of the brownie off, popping it into his mouth. “It’s not going to burn me.”
Dean goes through them, sorting them first into the recipes he searched online before just deciding to put them in the cupboard. He starts to leave the kitchen until he remembers that the milk needs to go in the fridge and quickly backtracks to replace it while also to grab a candy cane.
After a minute of watching and listening to his brother mutter, “I know it’s here somewhere, I know I bought it,” Sam clears his throat which makes Dean look up.
“Dean, are you becoming ill? Your face has begun to turn red.” Castiel sets his mug down on the surface of the table as Dean takes another sip of his drink. Spluttering, Dean coughs loudly as the drink burns the back of his throat, his blush darkening when Castiel reaches across the table wipe away the drink that’s trickles from the corner of his mouth. “Dean?”
Dean is quick to pull Cas back into a kiss, his hands going to his hair. He pulls away after a brief moment, grinning at Cas with a small shake of his head. Dean can feel his face burning as he hears Claire, Sam and Jody say in union that this is a Christmas miracle before he gives Cas another a quick kiss. “Merry Christmas Cas.”
Castiel looks over at Dean, his hand still closed around the carrot stuck in the top ball. “Arms? Why does this snowman require arms? Unless you are- Are you planning to bring it to life?”
Sam turns back to Castiel, holding his hands out for the kitten which Castiel carefully hands him. The kitten lets out a small mewl and buts her head against Sam’s chest before trying to claw its way up his shirt. Sam lets out a small laugh, enjoying both the way the kitten seems to like him and the smile that plays on Castiel’s face.
He knows Claire is right; that he has feelings for Cas and that probably everyone can tell, except the angel himself. He’s faced down vampires, demons, werewolves, ghosts, wendigos, any monster or creature you can imagine, hell he has faced Lucifer himself, but telling the one he likes that he likes them just absolutely terrifies Dean.
“I told you, I don’t know.” Dean repeats. “I was going to when I found the first one but it just didn’t feel right and I ended up keeping it. Does it bother you?”
They get through with making the cake batter with surprisingly little fuss. Gabriel follows Sam’s direction, measuring, adding and mixing ingredients as Sam’s asks. After emptying the batter into the cake pans, Sam holds out the batter-covered spoon with a grin at Gabriel and an offer to lick the spoon.
Dean doesn’t pause in his search for the candles but does look back up. “I don’t think so but if I do think of anything I’ll call you. And if you need my help, call me.” He reaches over and grabs the keys from his bedside table, tossing them to Sam.
Cas follows him to the tree and is picking up a gift that has 'Dean' written on the wrapping paper when Claire shouts out Dean’s name. The both of them straighten up, each holding a gift for the other person and look at her. She pointing at something over their heads with a large smile on her face. Instantly, Dean knows what’s up. Taking a deep breath, he glances above their heads where on the Christmas tree a bundle of mistletoe is resting on branches.
Lucifer offers Dean a soft smile and a shrug as he continues walking to the back door. “Nothing. I simply showed him what a more accurate depiction of his costume would be. Or at least the truest form I could show him without burning his eyes out of their sockets.”
“No need to get all mushy on me now boy,” he said, tossing a book at Dean’s face as if to emphasize the point. Dean half smiled as he looked down at the large book now in his hands. “Now, that’s a book of spells Penny – do you remember Penny?” Bobby didn’t give Dean any time to respond before he continued, “Penny got it off a witch in Mexico back in, oh, would have been around ‘86?” Bobby looked off towards the ceiling, forehead wrinkled in thought before he looked back at Dean. “How’s your Spanish these days?” he asked.
Jim didn’t seem surprised to find Dean in the church early the next morning, bent in half in the pew at the front of the church. Dean hadn’t bothered to look up when he’d heard the door open, or as the steady sound of footsteps against tile drew nearer and nearer. He could see the black tips of Jim’s sneakers out of the corner of his eye, but he ignored them, just kept repeating the same words under his breath, over and over again. He was speaking so quietly he could barely hear himself, but he still wasn’t surprised when Jim interrupted him.
Sam thought with a sigh. His favourite thing – unknown spells with no obvious countercurse. Pulling out his phone, Sam quickly flipped through the book, taking photos of all of the pages. Barely paying attention to what his hands were doing, he began repacking the bag, shoving everything back in exactly as he’d found it. His attention turned upwards as he did so, towards the sounds coming from above him. They had faded significantly for a while as they went up, Sam assumed, to the third floor, maybe even all the way up to the attic, but they were getting louder again, the sound of footsteps against the floor growing closer and closer. Sam swore to himself, shoving in the last of the clothing and hastily zipping the bag shut, standing and heading back towards the hallway that he’d come in through. The footsteps above were getting louder as they came closer to the stairs leading down to the room that Sam was just now leaving. The creak of floorboards, the shuffle of feet, was accompanied by the indistinct murmur of voices that were becoming more and more clear as they drew nearer to the stairwell. Sam hurried down the hallway, avoiding the floorboard that had creaked so loudly before, letting out a relieved breath when he reached the front door and there was still no one in sight, no one yet coming down the stairs. Sam reached out for the doorknob, swung the door all the way open, the star-bright sky revealing itself to him in a rush of sharp night air. Sam didn’t move through the door, instead immediately slamming it back shut, the darkness of the hallway once again swallowing him whole. He smiled in satisfaction when it banged loudly, the voices behind him abruptly cutting off at the sound. Taking a deep breath, Sam turned back around, drawing his shoulders upwards slightly, forcing tension into his spine. He began walking, retracing the path he’d taken only seconds earlier. He glanced down, making sure to step on that same rotten spot this time, and swore when he realized that he’d forgotten to take off the gloves. Fumbling, he almost dropped his flashlight, but had just managed to get them off and shoved into his pocket when he stepped into sight of the main room.
“Of course,” she said, “I’m happy to help.” She gestured towards the chairs in front of her desk and Dean sat, allowing himself to relax into a familiar lazy sprawl. The woman – Vicky, according to the small name tag pinned to her shirt – gave him another quick once-over before she turned back to her computer. “So, what happened?” she asked as she clicked around. Dean plasted a wry smile on his mouth.
Even from a distance, Alex looked terrible – his skin ashen and eyes bloodshot. His jeans and shirt were covered in what looked like it might have been dried mud, and Dean could see where sweat had soaked through the grey shirt he was wearing at his collar, his armpits, plastering his thick dark hair to the curve of his skull. Alex’s eyes passed over Dean. For a second, Dean thought that Alex had spotted him, but his head kept turning, and Dean realized that he hadn’t seen even a flicker of recognition pass through the other man’s eyes. Swearing under his breath, he began picking his way through the crowd to where Alex had now stilled, staying in one place despite being buffeted back and forth by the civilians, still shaking, shoulders hunching and limbs bending and unbending in abrupt shocks of movement.
“You remember how he died?” Bobby asked, and a flicker of irritation managed to draw more of Dean’s attention back to the present moment.
The demon looked up as he approached, a wide grin splitting the face of the man he was riding. He was young, whoever he had been, white with long blonde hair and a tattoo of a lion on his shoulder. Once, Dean would have wondered who he was – if he had family, if there were people missing him – but he’d become completely numb to those questions long ago. You saved who you could, and if Dean had to choose between a meatsuit and whoever they were after, he’d choose the one not occupied by a demon every time. Hazards of the job or a slippery slope to hell, whatever. Dean tried not to think about it. He needed to sleep at night, and he figured so long as his list of lives saved outnumbered the people he killed, or watched get killed, or let get killed, he wasn’t evil. In some grey area, maybe, but not evil.
It was too flat down here, too open. The wind that whipped over the snow banks was sending snow gusting into his vision, sharply stinging against his cheeks, despite the fact that it was ostensibly a clear and sunny day. The sparse scattering of trees that filled the valley were no match for the force of the air twisting around them, their limbs creaking and groaning under it’s force. Sam tugged the hood up on his parka again, hunching forward so that the wind couldn’t grab hold of it and yank it off again. Under the added protection of the rim of fur now circling his face, he turned in place, taking stock of his surroundings, and his options. To his right he could just see the curve of the river, surrounded by rocks swept free of snow by the wind, flashes of the river rushing by still visible amongst planes of ice, deep blue in hue and thrusting jaggedly upward where it had broken against each other and refrozen, thrusting its harsh edges upwards to catch the sunlight. It would be difficult to cross, dangerous as well. Even if he was able to find a path across the ice, unbroken by the whitecapped water, there was no way for him to know how thick the ice was, and if he fell through… well, it would just be a contest to see what killed him first, the rocks lining the riverbed, or the cold choke of the water itself.
He lay where he was for a long moment, staring into her sightless eyes, the white film of death obscuring whatever colour they had been in life. She had been dead long enough for rigour mortis to set in, her body unmoving even when he shifted on the mattress, rolling onto his side to get a better look at her, but not long enough for her to begin to rot, the stale smell of death thankfully not yet tinged with the scent of purifying organs beginning their slow journey towards becoming nothing more than a slurry of meat and liquid. Her dark hair was sprayed out over the pillow, the chaotic tumble of curls strangely reminiscent of a spreading pool of blood and viscera, and he spent a long minute staring at it until he was certain that it was nothing more than hair. When he glanced down he saw that she was clothed, though the thin peach coloured bra and panty set did little to grant her any modesty in death. It made it sadder somehow, than if she had been naked, the small amount of fabric affording no real protection, revealing the vulnerability of having a body, that nothing you put on yourself can save you from the inevitability of something crawling inside you and tearing your insides bloody. Sam looked at her for another breath, two, three, then reached out and gently shut the lids of her eyes. It didn’t make it better, but it didn’t make it worse either, and with a sigh he pushed himself up, getting out the other side of the bed.
Urgency burning even brighter inside him, Sam turned and began the slow, laborious task of walking towards the forest. With every step he had to fight against both the wind attempting to push him over and the snow attempting to pull him under, to weigh him down and smother him inside its icy grip. The effort to push through the dense, white powder, undisturbed by anything spare the wind and maybe the occasional animal, though Sam had yet to see any, was immense. He quickly found himself sweating beneath his parka, experience already warning him that the sweat would turn to ice the second he stopped moving. There wasn’t anything he could do about that though, and being hot with exertion was better than the alternative. Breathing heavily through his nose, Sam glanced up through slitted eyes to see how far he was from the more forgiving shelter of the forest.
“Dad,” Dean said, not even letting Bobby finish. He tore his eyes from the map to meet Bobby’s wary gaze. He looked at Dean like he was something fragile, someone who would break at the slightest bit of additional. Which maybe wasn’t wrong, he thought as he looked back at the map. “Start with my Dad,” he said. There was a long pause, and when he looked back at Bobby, his face was filled with hesitation.
“Now… now I go find Dad,” he said. “And then I’ll find whatever took Sam, and I’ll fucking tear it apart.”
It was a horrible sound, and the crowd around Alex flinched back on instinct before they began moving backwards with purpose, staring in fear at the man standing in the centre of the rapidly widening circle. He was still screaming, didn’t seem to be pausing for breath, and the noise was wet in a way that made Dean nauseous, wet like there was something torn in his throat, like there was blood frothing in his lungs. His jaw continued that same ticking motion, faster now. There were still a handful of people standing between Dean and him, and Dean began shoving at them harder, fighting to move forward as they fought to move back, struck with the sudden instinctive knowledge that something horrible was about to happen.
“You should leave,” the boy who’d first confronted Sam said, moving so that he was more directly in Sam’s eyeline, trying to draw his attention off of Nicole. “We got here first.” Sam fought the urge to roll his eyes.
the ghost said. Its mouth didn’t move but its words echoed in Sam’s head all the same. Sam smiled again.
. Dean had stared at the journal, fury and helplessness and fear burning in his chest and swore he would do exactly what John wanted, and fuck the old bastard anyways. He’d only lasted six weeks before he’d broken, drunk out of his mind and shouting into John’s voicemail. He couldn’t remember, the next morning, if he’d mentioned that Sam was missing or not, but either way John didn’t return his call. In the last few months, Dean had flipped wildly between confusion, sadness, fear, self-recrimination, before finally settling into a deep, simmering anger. He wasn’t sure he’d ever wanted his father to be by his side, to tell him that everything was going to be okay, this badly in his entire life, but John had apparently decided that he was done being Dean’s parent. Which was just fine with Dean, really. He didn’t need him to find Sam, didn’t need him to tear apart whatever had gotten its hands on his little brother. Didn’t need him to tell Dean that it wasn’t his fault, that Sam would be okay, wherever he was.
“Alex!” Dean called out when he was close enough that he could say it without having to shout. A couple of the people nearest him still turned to look at him curiously, but he didn’t care, was only really paying attention to the fact that Alex was turning, was finally looking at Dean. Closer, Dean could see even more clearly how terrible he looked, his mouth hanging open, jaw working slightly as if he was trying to close his mouth but just couldn’t quite get his body to cooperate. There was something dripping from him, clear liquid splattering against the ground beneath him in irregular drops. Alex met Dean’s eyes, and this time Dean could see the fear clearly written there. There was a breath, then two, and then Alex started to
The long pillars of the rock outcropping formed a near perfect circle inside which Dean stood, the shadows making the space unexpectedly cool despite the midday sun hanging high above them in the sky. The space wasn’t large, but it was dense with plants, making it seem both smaller and larger than it actually was. There had to be a water source somewhere within the rocks, a spring or something like it, though Dean couldn’t immediately see it amongst the greenery. He could smell it though, and could see where the liquid had soaked through the dirt, turning the ground thick and muddy. There were clear footprints here, but Dean didn’t need footprints anymore to tell him that he’d found the right spot, not with the slab of white rock rising up out of the mud and plants. There was something about it that made Dean’s brain
The stoup by the door was plain, but the basin was deep, the water turned silver in the scant moonlight making its way through the church’s high windows. Dean filled his flask, and then a water bottle, shoving both into the pockets of his jacket. He’d felt strange, going into churches since he’d met Castiel. He still wasn’t sure if he believed the creature when it claimed to be an angel. Fuck, even if he did believe it, he didn’t know if that claim of being that…
“Looking for ghosts?” she asked, and he turned to her, surprise flowing over his face. She nodded, gestured around at the group. “Us too,” she said.
chapter explores how Sam was shaped into Hell’s weapon by Azazel, including physical and psychological torture, interspersed with memories (both real and false) of his childhood with Dean. Culminating incident is a hallucination that leads to him killing a young teenager, at which point Azazel is able to convince him that he is fundamentally evil, and always has been.
“I’ve never heard that,” Chrissy said, expression even more nervous than it had been before. Sam shrugged.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” he whispered. After a minute, he felt fingertips on his temple, and turned his head to meet Merhiem’s eyes as she brushed his hair back, tucking it behind his ear. Her expression was again unreadable as she stared at him before finally dropping her hand, climbing back to her feet. She held out a hand. Sam stared at it for a long second before sighing, taking a hold of it with his undamaged right arm and letting her pull him to his feet.
“I’m good, darling,” he said as he pulled away. Her expression didn’t change, that same worry still hovering in her eyes.
There were a couple of times, long stretches of bare rock, where Sam became convinced that he’d lost track of the monster, that it had left the path in favour of clambering up or down the mountain directly, but he always picked it up again as he slowly worked his way up the side of the mountain, following the trail back and forth, back and forth, the air growning thinner and thinner the higher he went, his ears popping with the increase in altitude. He was forced to put his machete back in its sheath during a particularly tricky and narrow portion of the trail, pulling off his mittens and shoving them in his pockets as well, freeing his fingers to hold onto the rock wall to the right of him, trying to stay as far as possible from the sharp drop inches away from his boots. He almost slipped at one point, heart in his throat and blood pounding in his ears as he just stood, clinging to the rockwall for a long, horrible moment before he felt safe moving again. The path turned a corner after that, opened up wide, and Sam realized that it was taking him around a curve of rock, a ripple in the side of the mountain, flat and thankfully clear of the loose shale that had covered previous stretches. To the left was still that same sharp drop, not quite a sheer cliff but close enough that Sam was sure a fall would prove fatal, the distant tops of trees threatening to impale anything that might land on them. To the right was a small cluster of trees, just barely hanging on to the mountainside, before the rock wall once again rose up, high and imposing and impossible to climb. Not that he had any intention of trying, Sam thought to himself as he began to quickly cross the easier stretch of path. It was a relief, after how precarious the previous section had been, to walk forward with confidence, and it was likely that relief that made Sam, just for a minute, just long enough, to lose some of his caution, to let go of the sharp observation of his surroundings. It was pure luck then, really, that he hadn’t quite made it to where the path once again narrowed when it came around the curve, appearing in front of him like a spector, like a nightmare, freezing him in place so abruptly he almost stumbled.
“I–,” Jim started, but then stopped, clearly at a loss for words. Dean didn’t blame him, just looked down at the mug still held loosely in his grip, raising it to take a long drink. It burned his throat, and it felt like a penance deserved two times over.
The specter’s eyes flared red, and in a whisper it was standing inches in front of Sam’s face. Sam stared into its eyes without blinking, letting it take in how calm he was even as he began to release his power up out of his core into the rest of him.
“Nothing I don’t already have,” he finally said, before meeting Dean’s eyes. “We can do the spell today.”
Now that he was here though, it was impossible to avoid the reality that Katerina was going to see him with his shirt off, see the mess of bruises and clumsy stitches that covered his waist, done with one eye swollen shut and dizzy with blood loss. It wasn’t anything she hadn’t seen before, and it was a hundred times better for her to see it than it would have been if he’d picked up a civilian, having to make up a story that would explain the injuries in a way that wouldn’t freak them out. It also meant that she would know what it represented though, the wounds saying more about the decisions he’d been making, the kind of hunts he’d been going on, than his words ever would. It meant that she would worry, and probably tell Ellen, and Ellen would tell Bobby, and all of them would keep worrying about him without ever saying it to him, just keep giving him those
Posting this a couple days early to get it counted in my 2020 stats lmao, but we'll be doing saturday updates moving forward :))
“Yes,” she said, and Dean looked back away, not sure what to say. He understood why Ellen didn’t want Jo hunting just as much as he understood why Jo wanted to be hunting. He still felt slightly guilty for bringing her along on that first hunt, over a year ago now, even though he maintained that it wasn’t his fault that she’d followed him from the Roadhouse and refused to let him call her mom. Not that he’d tried that argument with Ellen, ever.
“It’s okay,” it mocked. “Let’s try this one then: et ecce equus pallidus et qui sedebat desuper nomen illi Mors et inferus sequebatur eum.”
“A child could do the same,” she said. “And you, Samael, are not a child.” He scowled at the name but didn't say anything. Merihem smiled brightly at him, as if she could hear what he was thinking, even though he knew perfectly well that that was a skill she didn’t possess. He shot her an irritated look instead, fought back the childish urge to stick his tongue out at her. .
It took a second for Dean to move beyond that thought, the overwhelming horror of it, to process the rest of what the demon had said. He frowned, trying to shove down the mess of fear and panic and self-hatred boiling inside of him.
Rolling his eyes, Sam pours two extra mugs and sets them onto tray along with the other three. Stepping forward, Dean takes the tray and gives Sam a small nudge towards the door.
“He’s dressed as you; or at least what humans think Satan looks like.” The appalled look on Lucifer’s face only makes him laugh harder, clutching his chest. “Yup, that’s the stereotypical Satan costume. Looks like he’s a fan of you.”
Dean looks over his shoulder at the angel and the snowman, a laugh escaping his mouth as he sees the squirrel from before settled on one of the twigs, reaching up to grab the carrot nose. “I’ll try to grab them before the nightfall. Or if Sam manages to get back home tonight, he’ll bring them in.”
He once had beautiful wings. As the guardian of the Garden, his wings were one of the most beautiful angels.
“It’s fine. I don’t mind it. Is that supposed to be Sam?” Cas points to the moose with a small smile at Dean over his shoulder. Laughing, Dean nods and steps down from the tree. “There are only two, where is yours?”
Jody sighs in relief, asking Dean not to tell Cas or Sam that they’re coming or to worry about getting them gifts. Dean tells her he’s got it, they’ll have no idea and to just email him the recipes when she’s got a minute. Laughing, Jody suggests that maybe she could just make them when she arrives before saying bye and hanging up.
Dean keeps walking by as Lucifer responds in a quiet tone until he hears a sudden yelp and whirling around he’s surprised to see the man covering his mouth with a hand, a look of pure terror in his eyes.
Dean nods, smiling gently at Cas while he walks past him. He waits until he can no longer hear Cas’ footfalls on the floor to start taking out the decorations onto the table. Beginning with the tree skirts, he moves around the table to make enough space for the tree and he bought before placing the red skirt down and setting the stand on it.
The sound of branches being snapped makes Dean smile to himself. Pressing the rock eyes and lopsided smile into the snow, Dean glances over at the angel who’s holding two croaked twigs in his hand, his head tilted to the side as he watches Dean. He stiffly holds the twigs out to Dean, who eagerly grabs them and jabs them into the sides of the middle sphere.
There’s an ugly mark on his stomach of knotted and scarred skin from where he had stabbed himself. Despite his survival, the skin remains marred. Once again, a reminder of his past mistakes. When he looks at himself in the mirror, he can only laugh coldly at himself. The mark taking up most of his stomach matches his wings. Ugly, twisted, cold.
Despite the theatrics, they both made it all the way down to the bottom of the stairs without incident. Their flashlights still didn’t seem to penetrate the darkness the way they should have, like the shadows had their own weight, a viscosity that the light was struggling to push its way through. A feeling of wrongness crawled across Sam’s skin, putting him on edge. For the first time, he could truly feel the presence of the spirit that occupied the house, its energy settling in the room like a fog, cloaking and infusing everything it touched. It was powerful, not enough to be truly dangerous to Sam but enough that he wasn’t able to resist calling just a little of his own power to the surface, a comfort and a precaution both. Despite the overwhelming feeling of dread filling the basement, they hadn’t yet seen anything, and Jason walked further into the room, Sam trailing after him. Jason was keeping his flashlight level, sweeping from side to side. It seemed like they’d already walked further than they should have been able to without seeing a wall, without seeing anything, but there was nothing around them, just empty air and hard packed dirt below. Sam glanced over his shoulder, and the realization that he couldn’t see the stairs sent real fear spiking through his gut for the first time. He quickly shoved it down, rolling his eyes at himself. He was still the most dangerous thing in this house, he reminded himself. Even if the other things in the basement with him might disagree. Turning back around, his flashlight hit Jason’s back. All at once, both their lights flickered once, twice, and then went out, the white glow of Jason’s shirt immediately eaten by the complete darkness.
This time, Sam barely managed to throw himself to the side, his back screaming in pain as he rolled over the rock covered ground, slamming into one of the trees. He’d stabbed towards the creature as he’d gone, but the handle of his knife had been jerked from his hand, lost to the motion of his retreat. He was glad to see though, as he blinked and scrambled back to his feet, that the blade had not been lost in vain: it was now protruding from a bloom of black on the creature’s flank. The monster seemed angrier for the added wound, the growl that echoed from it’s chest seeming to shake the ground with its strength. Sam swallowed, and reached over his shoulder to finally draw the larger blade of his machete just in time for the creature to once again charge him. This time, Sam moved forward as well, not waiting for the creature to reach him before he went on the offense. His best bet was to either get under its jaw, take another go at its throat, or go underneath it to the underbelly that was almost always the most vulnerable part of any creature, natural or not. He was prepared to dodge to the side again, to use the creature’s momentum against it and reach under it with the machete, had shifted his feet to do so, but it must have seen it, or maybe it had just learned from last time, because it twisted with him, and before he knew what was happening it’s strong jaws were clamping down on the arm holding the machete.
“I told you not to call me that,” she said, her accent as heavy as it always was, weighing down each vowel like molasses, a perfect complement to the deep rasp of her voice. Dean leaned back against the door with a grin, watching as she finished her interrupted walk over to the sink, dumping all the dishes in the soapy water already filling the large metal basin.
“And we’re supposed to just trust some random guy?” Kyle shot back, and the teenagers began speaking over each other, the conversation rapidly devolving into confusion as they drew together into a tighter circle.
Sam didn’t think he’d gone more than a mile into the forest before the gentle upwards slope began to transform into the sharp rises and falls that formed the base of the mountain, trending ever upwards. The effort of walking uphill quickly became an equal replacement for the effort of pushing through the snow of the valley, sweat again soaking into his undershirt, his breath coming in ragged pants that he couldn’t help but feel frustrated by, though he knew realistically he’d walked at least at least 20 miles and physical exhaustion at this point was well in line with the well-tested and painfully familiar limits of his body. The light was fading quickly though, and he wasn’t likely to make it much further before it disappeared, so he began to look around himself with a different purpose than before, trying to spot anywhere that would act as good shelter for the night. He could always build shelter, but he would prefer not to for now. The fewer signs he could leave was better – with nothing other than his instincts to rely on, sleeping was dangerous, but necessary. He knew from experience that he could push it to five days without sleep before he would begin to hallucinate in earnest, but the cost to his reflexes and coordination began to be paid far earlier. The trade off between sleep and safety came at a heavy price either way, and was utterly unavoidable.
“Jim told me what happened,” Bobby said, and Dean was abruptly grateful that he wouldn’t have to confess to this man as well, someone who had had just as much a hand in raising him and Sam as John had for at least a third of Dean’s childhood. He wasn’t sure he would have been able to bear looking into Bobby’s eyes and telling him that he’d lost Sam, the thought sending an aching pain through him. The only thing that would be worse would be telling their Dad, and Dean had already had to do that once in his life. Though he supposed that at least this time that wouldn’t be a conversation he would be forced to have.
he thought, looking back up. There was little of the original furniture left in the room, aside from a horribly threadbare sofa against one wall. Instead, battery-powered lamps and sleeping bags lay scattered around the room. There were a few video cameras too, but no real equipment otherwise, no sign of sigils or salt lines.
“Holy water?” he asked, raising the bottle in his hand. Bobby’s smile widened, and Dean looked at the bottle. “How’d you reseal it?” he asked.
“And yet you’re saying the Ave Maria.” Dean raised an eyebrow at Jim, who rolled his eyes at him before settling into the pew next to him. They sat in silence for a long moment, the words that he’d been in the middle of receding sitting heavy on Dean’s tongue.
“You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” Castiel finally said, voice wondering, which didn’t really answer Dean’s question.
“What does it mean?” he asked, hating how much like a lost child he sounded but unable to help it, unable to sound like anything else in that moment. “Bobby, what does it–”
“He’s alive,” Dean said, taking a huge gasping breath. “Sam’s alive.” He stumbled backwards until his back hit the wall, then slid down it, bracing his arms on his bruised knees and putting his head between them. “Oh god, he’s alive.” There was a shuffling movement above him before a dark shape moved into his peripheral vision – Bobby, crouching down beside him – and put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked up, blinking away tears that he refused to acknowledge.
“Hey baby,” he said when it became clear that she wasn’t going to drop anything after all, and her head snapped up. Her eyes narrowed as she finally looked at him properly, realizing who it was that had almost knocked her over.
he said, clearly relishing the reveal despite his earlier indifference. Dean raised an eyebrow at him.
Throwing himself into hunting had helped, as had the fact that Dad started giving him more and more hunts for him to do on his own. Not that he didn’t like hunting with his Dad anymore, trusted his Dad any less, but when he looked at him he couldn’t help but hear his voice telling Sam that if he left to never come back, the way that he’d kept his back turned even as Dean ran out the door after Sam. He didn’t blame him, not really, but he couldn’t let go of the ghost of that night either. He wondered sometimes if his Dad felt the same way, if he looked at Dean and felt some sort of echo of the mix of relief and regret that Dean had seen on his face when he’d finally returned to the trailer, alone. It was funny, that Sam would leave and in his absence still manage to take up all of the space between him and his dad, the only thing that had ever managed to wedge between them, the only thing that would ever cause Dean to answer an order with anything other than a sir yes sir. It should have been a relief maybe, but whatever relief it offered was hollow, and far too easily filled up with the pain of missing someone that had always felt as essential to him as a limb. He’d thought about texting, about calling, about being the first to break the silence, but had always resisted. Pride, maybe, or just a stubborn refusal to acknowledge how easy it apparently was for his baby brother, the kid he’d raised, to cut Dean from his life completely. Now though, the defeat of being the first to break the silence just didn’t seem to matter, was so much less important than the fact that Dean needed Sam with a desperation that bordered on illogical, needed his brother by his side before he could find the courage to acknowledge to himself what he in the back of his mind had already accepted was probably waiting at the end of this road. The timestamp on the last text that his Dad had sent him, four months ago, had become more and more heavy the longer went by without a new message, without him answering any of Dean’s increasingly frequent calls. There was only one real answer to the question of why, and Dean just couldn’t – wouldn’t – face that answer alone.
“Yeah,” Dean said, muscles tensing as he unconsciously straightened from his casual slouch. “He usually goes by Sam though, so it might be under that? He started in 2001.”
There was nothing living left on the wide clearing in front of him, though judging by the blood still slowly sliding down the surface of rocks, dripping off of the trees, that hadn’t been the case for very long. If it weren’t for the shreds of orange coats, the bloodstained cloud of feathers scattered all around, he wasn’t sure he would have recognized the bodies for humans. They were torn apart so completely that there weren’t even the skeletons remaining to identify them as such, though he did spot half a skull almost completely buried in a drift of snow. It was like they had been put through a meat grinder, viscera scattered everywhere, bones snapped easily into shards that stuck out of the snow, appearing from between rocks like the first flowers of spring, blooming red and hot out of the white powder. The level of destruction was almost impressive in its complete obliteration. There was still steam coming off of the cooling bodies, and Sam would guess that they hadn’t been dead for more than twenty minutes, if that. Whatever had done this would still be nearby then, and his back twinged in pain as he tensed up at the realization. The scene was bloody enough, covered in enough remaining meat and organs that he had to wonder if whatever had killed what had been, based on the boots he was able to spot, two hikers had even eaten any of them, or if had torn them apart for the mere sport of it, for the pleasure and thrill of the kill enough for whatever had done it. There was no way to know for sure unless he went through the remains to see if there was anything in particular missing though, and Sam had no desire, nor the time, to do any such thing. It would be messy, and was unlikely to give him any more information than what he already had. Instead, Sam cast another wary eye around him. He spotted two backpacks leaned neatly up against a tree, and realized that the two humans must have stopped for a break when the monster had found them.
Still, he was more cautious as he crossed the final stretch of icy ground between him and the building.
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” it said, nudging at the freshly broken bone with one of its feet. “This is just sad. Don’t you realize you’re already dead?” Dean finally got his knife free of the sheath, his hand shaking with pain and blood loss. The demon kicked it out of Dean’s hand, uncaring of the way that it sliced deep into its foot as it did, seeming not to notice as something in Dean’s hand snapped. With that same foot, the demon nudged at Dean’s side, forcing another choked noise from his broken lungs. Pain rocketed through his body, so fast and sharp he couldn’t think through it, couldn’t do anything but try and blink back the darkness encroaching on his vision. He watched, helpless, as the demon stepped over him, planting one of its feet beside each of Dean’s hips. It stared down at him, a horrible mockery of a grin on its face.
“That was a dirty trick you pulled earlier,” the demon continued. “Tricking me into the trap like that.” It tutted, its grin gleeful in a way it hadn’t been before, not even when it had been taunting him about Sam. “You were probably just afraid that you couldn’t take me in a fair fight, right?” It reached out towards him, and Dean couldn’t even flinch away from its touch as it ran its fingers down the side of his face, eyes gentle and searching as it stared into Dean’s. It leaned in, its breath hot against Dean’s cheek as its mouth brushed against Dean’s ear.
“You’re going to tell me what you know about my brother,” he said, and the demon threw its head back in an exaggerated laugh, designed to provoke, just as much a lie as any words it might have spoken. When it looked at Dean again, its eyes were black, and its smile seemed to have grown an impossible couple of inches wider, the thin human skin straining at the corners, the mortal flesh struggling to contain what broiled within it.
He recognized the name, Alex giving him that much over the phone, but Alex hadn’t known anything more at the time. It seemed as though he’d managed to find out more in the day since he’d last spoken to Dean though. The man shrugged.
“You killed a demon,” Castiel said, which absolutely didn’t answer Dean’s question. Castiel knew it too—though his expression remained blank, flat, Dean was certain that the angel was, on some strange metaphysical plane of existence, shifting guiltily. Dean decided to let it go. It wasn’t like he didn’t have plenty of other questions for the angel.
“Dean,” she said, warning and question both. He shook his head. Everything else aside, he wanted, and so did she, and it might not solve the itch under his skin but it wouldn’t hurt it either.
“Nah, I think I’m done for the night.” Ellen looked surprised, and he didn’t blame her. He’d spent more than one night in the Roadhouse getting so drunk he couldn’t stand, and with the promise of the use of the cot in the back, that was normally exactly what he’d have done tonight. But the other hunters' stories had put him on edge, set something humming under his skin, making him want to run, to get into his baby and gun it down the highway, burning rubber to the sound of Bon Scott telling him exactly where he was going. Drinking wouldn’t help with that particular urge, and at this point it was too late, he was too tired, to run the way his body was telling him to.
Cold metal hit his palm, and Dean pulled all the strength remaining in his body into his arm, forcing his fingers to curl around whatever had been tossed to him. Acting on nothing but a foundationless, inexplicable trust, he used gravity and what was left of his strength to bring his hand down, slamming whatever it was into the side of the demon. The movement didn’t have enough strength behind it, shouldn’t have managed to damage the demon at all, even if it was capable of being harmed by mortal weapons, but whatever it was slid inside the demon without resistance. Dean’s eyes were just open enough to watch its eyes, turned towards whoever had yelled Dean’s name, crackle through with red lightning, watched as it traveled across its entire face, down under the collar of its shirt and then across its arms. When the lightning had faded completely, the demon slowly slumped to the side, falling off of Dean, limp like it was somehow
Dean didn’t know if the eyes on him as he crossed the campus were real or imaginary, but he forced himself not to look, just kept his head up and his gaze fixed on his destination, the imposing building rising up in front of him that the Stanford website had informed him was the admissions building. He hadn’t been able to find Sam on any online directory, and the number that he had for him, he’d learned two days ago when he finally gave in and called, was out of service. Which sucked even more, the fact that Sam not only had spent four years choosing not to contact Dean, he’d also at some point removed the only channel through which Dean could get in touch with him. It also meant that he didn’t have any other choice but to hit up the bureaucracy of the institution, and hope that he could sweet talk someone into giving up Sam’s phone number, or even better, his address.
The look the priest gave him was more considering, though Dean still kept his own gaze fixed forward.
even meant anything in relationship to the church. To the painfully human constructs of belief: division and war, death and sacrifice, supplication and absolution. It was powerful, whatever he was, and something about him haunted Dean still, making him wake, sweating and shivering, the memory of blue eyes staring into his own slipping away as his consciousness crawled back in. It had been more than seven months, but while the dreams came and went, that first one lingered, the dream that wasn’t a dream remaining as sharp as any memory. He could still remember every word Castiel had said to him, could almost recite them out loud, even when awake. The memory of the dream version of Sam haunted him too, layering over every memory he had of the kid he’d raised, like a cursed vision of a future he wasn’t even sure was real. The healed wounds on his side had been enough to convince him that Castiel, whatever he was, existed just as much in the physical realm as that dream field; so too was he convinced of the realness of the demonic dogs that had threatened him with a drawn-out and bloody death. That certainty hadn’t faded at all, some part of him beyond logic and reason and any attempts to explain away the impossible
Ahead of him stretched out the river valley, open and exposed. Covered in a thick, smooth blanket of snow, it was blinding to look at, the trees interrupting its blank expanse few and far between, though they grew denser as he continued to turn, looking towards the mountains that were to the left of him. The forest grew steadily thicker the further away from the river it went until it finally reached the point of being impenetrable by Sam’s eyes as it rose higher and higher up the side of the mountain before, high above his head, it began to thin again, giving way to ice and snow and blank, sheer rock. Behind him was much the same as ahead, save for a slightly denser population of trees, and the staggering path of Sam’s own tracks, the only blemish on an otherwise uninterrupted plateau. He traced his eyes back to the point where his tracks began, two boot prints in the middle of an otherwise uninterrupted hill of snow. They were already being swept away by the wind, filled in by the snow still sliding past him atop the thin crust of the snowbanks. In an hour, there would be no sign that he’d been there at all. Turning back, Sam considered his options. Crossing the river would be dangerous, unjustifiably so unless he knew for certain that it was necessary. Since he didn’t yet know anything more than what he had observed for himself, it would be stupid to try and make it to the southern half of the valley, at least not now. Maybe later, if it did prove itself necessary. For now though, for now he decided to follow his first instinct, the one that had hit him in the gut when his boots first touched the snow, like a fist accompanied by a screaming wave of ice and cold.
“I picked him up for lunch between his classes yesterday,” he said, the lie rolling off his tongue easy as anything. “I dropped him off back at the campus and only realized he’d left his phone in my car after. He moved recently, and I can’t remember what he said his new address was, or I’d just go over to his place to give it back to him.” She nodded, face sympathetic as she clicked around.
The sight that greeted him confirmed what he’d seen from a distance: that the top of the outcropping had completely collapsed, the majority of it falling inwards, and he was relieved to see that through the gaps in the stone, the white rock was not visible, nor were the bodies lying within their newly created tomb. He let out a long breath, carefully climbing around the outer ring of the rocks, confirming that it was sealed at every edge. Pulling out a bottle of holy water and a rosary, Dean walked the same path a second time, this time muttering a blessing in latin as he went, sprinkling holy water on the rocks beneath him, the beads of the rosary clicking through his other hand in time with the words. He did two more loops on top of the rock, going through the second and third bottles of holy water before he climbed down and did a final loop on ground level, circling the entire outcropping, a final confirmation that it was completely sealed. He didn’t know if the blessing would do anything, but it was the best he could do, and he really didn’t want to risk bringing the priest out there to perform his own rites. Dean spent a long minute just standing there, staring at the destroyed rocks, before he turned and made his way back to the truck, exhaustion suddenly tugging at his limbs, at his entire being. He didn’t wait to climb into the cab but just sat there for a long moment, staring sightlessly out into the desert. He wanted to scream, or cry, or maybe just keep driving straight out into the desert and never come back. His skin felt too tight suddenly, and his throat ached as he tried to keep his breathing deep and even, fighting against the restless buzzing rising up within him, adrenaline and sorrow a strangely potent mixture. Finally, he forced himself to raise his hand and put the keys back into the ignition, bringing the truck back to life. He turned the truck around, keeping his eyes firmly locked on the desert ahead of him and not letting them drift towards the rearview mirror as he pointed the truck back the way he’d come.
“Wh–” Dean started, but with a rustle of feathers, Castiel was once again gone. Dean stood staring at the spot where he’d just been for a long time.
a wave of fondness flowing through him as he shook his head. It was a stupid risk oh her part, giving him these small provisions, something that would have bloody consequences for both of them if anyone had found them, but it made him smile even as he tucked them back into the pocket. His hands were still relatively warm thanks to the thick mittens, warm enough that it wouldn’t affect his dexterity, and he wasn’t yet so hungry that it was a problem, so he made the easy decision to save both of them for later, when things became more dire. He had no doubt they would – he was surrounded by a seemingly endless wilderness, with no idea what he was looking for or where it was. There was no guessing how long he would be out here.
The curve of the road opened up into a large flat expanse, cracked and broken pavement stretching out in front of him. The high fence made up of sheets of rusted metal that separated the lot from the railway next to it was nothing but distant shadows in the darkness of the night. Dean knew from his earlier visit that the few smaller buildings in the distance were empty as well, nothing inside of them other than graffiti and beer bottles and shards of glass from long-broken windows. It was the taller building, the one closest to him, that he headed for now. Unlike the other buildings, filled with the detritus of years of humans stumbling in and out of their hollow shells, their doors yawning open and welcoming all comers, he had had to break into this one himself—the thing that had made up his mind to use this building over the others. He was only a few meters from the door when his foot skidded on a patch of ice. He threw out his arms, desperately trying to keep his balance, and winced in pain as the sudden movement pulled at the muscles across his shoulders. The wound was healed enough that he’d already taken the stitches out, contorting himself in a small motel bathroom to avoid a trip to a hospital. It had been a stupid injury too, rushing into a haunting, realizing too late that the spirit was far more powerful than he had accounted for. Bobby told him off for it as he’d stitched Dean up when he’d shown up at the scrapyard at three in the morning, telling him he was being reckless, careless, stupid. Nothing Dean hadn’t heard before from the old man though, and if part of him pointed out that it wasn’t only Bobby who’d been telling him that over the last couple of years, well, that was easy enough to ignore.
“What just happened?” came a voice out of the darkness, and Sam opened his eyes to find that his flashlight had turned itself back on, the beam still trained on Jason who was now looking back at Sam with wide, scared eyes. Sam tried to mould his face into the same expression, but wasn’t sure he was successful. Jason didn’t look at all reassured, either way. Sam was losing patience with the ruse though, and the interlude with Novikov had thoroughly pushed him out of the mindset of a scared, overwhelmed grad student.
“Prove it,” he said, then added, “slowly.” Eyes fixed on Sam, Ryan brought one of his hands in front of him, palm facing upwards, before muttering something under his breath. A small flame burst into being just above his hand, and someone behind him gasped. Ryan raised his eyes to Sam.
“Let’s do Sam,” Dean said abruptly, and ignored the worried look that Bobby gave him. He’d accepted that the fire would consume the entire map for John, that it would act as nothing more than the confirmation of a truth that most of him had already accepted. That it hadn’t was something that would take him a minute to adjust to, but in the meantime there was no reason to wait to find out where Sam was.
“I didn’t mean you personally,” he snapped, and the demon laughed at the obvious telegraph of his rising frustration and fear. “Why did Hell take him? What do you want with him?” The demon shrugged.
. He curled his hand around her hip, raising his other to her shoulder and rolling her stiff body until her back was exposed. The sheet stuck to her skin, peeling off reluctantly as he held her up, a slow tug of stained fabric inching away from icy skin. She must have already been dead when she’d been cut into, he thought, looking at the marks on her skin, or he’d have woken up in a pool of her blood, would have been able to see it seeping out from beneath her body. As it was, the blood had hardly even penetrated the sheets beneath her, had just barely stained the top elastic of her panties, a red bloom turned brown and dull against the light fabric.
“Now, an old man’s gotta have some secrets,” Bobby said. “It’s the only thing that keeps us from total irrelevancy.”
Thank you so much to anyone who's made it this far, and endless thanks to Helen for her feedback and encouragement along the way!
“So you do know where my brother is,” he said instead, and the demon’s expression turned considering.
When it blinked out, there was nothing on the table but ash. Dean stared, hardly able to bring himself to understand what he’d just watched, what it meant for Sam.
“Fuck,” Jason swore, turning to look at Kyle. “We need to get out of here man,” he said. Kyle shot him an annoyed look.
“Now now,” it said, face twisting into a mocking expression of disapproval. “Where’s the fun in me spoiling the surprise? You’ll find out soon enough. After all, it’s been written since the beginning of time: ferrum ferro ab utero bestiae viscera Mariae ducam plaga mundus ardebit cum eis.” It grinned at him then, an expression so full of genuine happiness that it made Dean’s skin crawl even as he tried desperately to pull every Latin lesson Bobby had ever given him forward from the depths of his mind. Sam had always been better of the two of them at dead languages though; Dean far better at the living ones.
Dean shook his head, trying to clear out the threatening darkness of those memories. Whatever it had been, it hadn’t happened again since, and he had far more pressing, and present, matters to attend to. Dean slipped out the same way he’d come, locking the door behind him and heading down the sidewalk.
He reaches into the inside of his jacket, takes ahold of the handle of his favourite knife, safely stowed in the sheith he’d sewed into the jacket lining, drawing it slowly. He could always use his gun instead, loaded and ready against his back, but there was something about using his knife in this moment that held far greater appeal. Some petty, jealous urge to cause as much damage to this picture perfect home, this family that everything that Sam had never been allowed. Not that they would have it anymore, after tonight, Sam the spark that would ignite their world and burn it to ash around their screaming faces. He smiled, a jerky, unnatural expression as he paused just outside of the dining room, adjusting his grip on the knife. He could see a reflection of the room in the glass of a picture hung on the wall he could see in his shallow field of vision, the small family still arranged the same way as they had been earlier, the father’s back to Sam. Perfect. Sam took a deep breath and stepped around the corner, the boy not even noticing him, the woman barely having time to do anything more than widen her eyes in sudden fear before he was taking two quick steps across the room, grabbing the man by his hair and dragging his blade across his throat, arterial blood splattering across his wife and child as he died with nothing more than a strangled gurgle. Sam let go of his hair and the man slumped forward. He ignored him, absently wiping his knife off on the back of his shirt as shock finally gave way to understanding, and to terror.
“Listen, Dean–” she started, before cutting herself off, eyes flicking to just over Dean’s shoulder. A second later he felt a hand on his elbow, and turned to find Katerina standing next to him, looking at Ellen with a confused expression. She was wearing a hoodie over her work uniform, hair let down from the ponytail it had been in the last time Dean had seen her.
While Sam had been breathing through the pain, the monster had apparently managed to recover enough to take another go at him, and Sam barely had time to brace himself before it was rushing forward again, it’s head now coated in a lurid mixture of its own blood and the blood of its victims. Sam flipped one of his knives forward, widening his stance and staggering his legs as it moved forward. He had a brief second to wish that he had the time to strip off his parka, to mourn the mobility lost in its thick, warm layers before it was upon him and the thought disappeared in a rush of adrenaline. Its jaw opened impossibly wide as it let out a noise that was somewhere between a human shriek and the hunting howl of a hellhound. He waited until the last second before dodging to the side, feeling one of its teeth catch and rip the fabric of his coat as he swiped at it’s throat. He couldn’t tell how deeply he managed to cut it through the mess of fur covering the hidden flesh there, but when he and the creature both swung back to face each other again, their positions now reversed, he saw that it was enough to stain the fur black with blood, though apparently not enough to slow the creature for long, as it almost immediately began to move back towards him. Sam had only a second to brace himself, to consider his options, before it was again driving at him with an open mouth and lolling tongue.
“Alex!” Dean yelled without any hope, and was surprised when Ale– whatever had once been Alex raised his head, turning towards Dean with blood streaming from his mouth, small chunks of something Dean couldn’t identify mixing with the gore and tumbling to the ground. He wasn’t screaming anymore, but the crowd around them was more than making up for it, people now desperately shoving at each other to get away. Dean made a split second decision – didn’t wait for them to get any further away, didn’t wait to see what Alex would do next – just adjusted his stance slightly, shifted his aim, and squeezed the trigger.
“Oh hey, Claire. I need to know what type of cookies are Christmas cookies.” Dean says and he can hear Claire laugh on the other end. “What?”
Setting the carrot in the snow. Castiel approaches Dean who pushes himself off of the snowball and commands Castiel how to lift it. Sharing the weight between the two of them, the angel and hunter carefully lift the larger of the two onto the smaller, patting the sides down to smooth it out.
“I believe she’s correct Dean. It is Christmas tradition to kiss who you are under the plant with and the two of u are under one.” Cas innocently looks back over at Dean.
“It’s morning and I needed to find another book. So is it that the Christmas tree?” Cas points to the tree behind him. When Dean nods, climbing back onto the tree, he asks, “I thought you and Sam don’t celebrate Christmas?”
“I wonder why.” Sam comments under his breath before running a hand through his hair and replies, “It’s just a classic ghost haunting; I already know who the ghost is and where the bones are. ‘I'll be back by midnight tomorrow. Do you want me to pick up anything for your Christmas decorating?”
Lucifer glares at Dean through narrowed eyes, not seeing the amusement that seems to bubbling out of Dean. “I hardly look like that, Dean.” His shoulders tensing up.
Castiel shakes his head but moves further into the kitchen. “He got snowed in. When the storm first picked up, he was just leaving the witness’ house and decided to stay at a diner to wait until it slowed down but when it didn’t he went to a nearby hotel for the night. Unfortunately, the storm got worst throughout the night and the town is currently closed from the excessive amount of fallen snow.”
He starts to put a few of the stocking stuffings he bought because changing his mind and deciding to keep them in his bag until Christmas Eve. Moving onto the baubles he has, he balances precariously on a chair and table to string them up from the ceiling. By the time he’s finished decorating the library, there’s tinsel, glitter and pieces of garland in his hair and he can feel them falling into his eyes. Taking a step back to overlook the decor, he turns the overhead lights off and plugs in the Christmas lights to check that they work. They all turn on, embracing the library with a warm white glow while twinkling along to the beat of Christmas classics. Smiling to himself, Dean turns the lights off and flicks the main ones back on.
“We’re not keeping it, Cas,” Dean says the moment he sees the little black bundle in Castiel’s hands. “Give it here. I’m going to grab us some dinner so I’ll drop it off at the animal shelter before picking up the food.”
Sam pauses in rinsing the whisk to glance first at Gabriel in surprise at his offer of assistance and then at the ingredients on the counter. “Go to the fridge and grab me the applesauce, 4 eggs and carrots, and the bag of pecans. And the cream cheese and butter. I’m going to put the carrot cake in the oven before I start on Dean’s pies.”
Lucifer shrugs, muttering something about the threat still being on the table before he grabs a glass from a drink that’s a dark shade of purple off a nearby table. Dean winces at the reek of alcohol he gets from it before snatching it from Lucifer’s hand and setting it back on the table only for Lucifer to grab it back and down it in one go, smirking at Dean.
It took less than a minute for Dean to close the distance between himself and the truck, and as he drew closer he realized it wasn’t so much parked as it was stopped; halfway on and halfway off of the sidewalk as if Alex hadn’t had the time, or ability, to park it properly. Dean walked around the front of the truck to look into the open door. The first thing to catch his attention were the keys, still hanging in the ignition, followed quickly by the empty glass bottle sitting on the driver’s seat, another one resting in the footwell of the passenger’s side. He picked up the one from the driver’s seat, tipping it until a single clear drop finally shook itself free to land on his finger. He licked it.
Sam thought back, but he knew that wasn’t completely true. Killing the kid was incidental, a failure sure, but nothing compared to what would happen to him if he didn’t get the witch too, and Sam let out a long, ragged breath as he aimed the gun at Kyle’s head.
It was a lie, and they both knew it, but Sam allowed her the small kindness of it as the room disappeared into inky blackness and the snap of fire.
“Yeah?” he said. “And how exactly are you proposing we do that?” As Jason opened and shut his mouth a couple of times, cogs in his brain almost visibly turning, Sam quickly ran his eyes over the group, taking stock of their expressions. They all looked pissed or afraid, or both. He waited, giving them another minute to move past fear and anger to action, but the minute passed in total silence.
Dean echoed out of pure habit, still mentally trying to translate what she had said. She seemed pleased though, giving his shoulder a final pat before finally walking away, back to the kitchen. Dean watched her go, then turned back to the hand drawn map now in his possession, feeling a strange shiver pass through him at the realization of how closely he was retracing Alex’s steps, that Alex had probably been exactly where Dean was the day before, thinking the same things he was. Dean’s thumb worried at the edge of the map for a long moment before he finally pulled out his phone, comparing the map to the one on his phone, tapping where he thought it was so that he’d be able to use his GPS to find it after breakfast. He didn’t stay at the diner much longer, shoveling down the now mostly-cold remains of his huevos rancheros and a final cup of coffee. Standing, he waved his goodbye to the waitress before heading out into the rapidly warming morning. Retracing his steps back to the motel, he saw that his breakfast and his conversation with María had apparently outlasted mass, the congregation now spilling out of the church doors. He stopped on the sidewalk, not wanting to push through the crowd, instead just shoving his hands in his pockets and watching the flow of people from the doors, laughing and chatting freely in the sunlight. In the morning light it was even more obvious just how old the church was, how long it had stood there as the centre of the community, its shared heart. The light was bouncing off the stained glass in a way that made it difficult to make out anything more than just the riotous array of colours, sending prisms through the inside of the building and making it seem like there was just as much light coming from inside as from without. He found himself smiling without really thinking about it.
The thought rose to Dean’s mind unbidden, making him falter in laying the map down on the table. For it to not find Sam… Dean hadn’t let himself even consider that that might happen, but now, standing and waiting for Bobby to mix a second batch of herbs, awash in the relief and rage of his father’s continued existence, it was hard to keep ignoring the possibility.
echoed around Dean’s head, just barely audible above the suddenly too loud sound of blood rushing through his ears.
“I want to go with Kyle then,” Nicole interrupted, staring at the other boy intently. Kyle met her eyes with an equal amount of intensity, while Jason just looked pissed off. Sam looked between the three teenagers. There was definitely something going on there, but he didn’t really care enough to speculate, and if it got him alone with Jason all the better. Kyle gave Jason what seemed to be a significant head tilt, but the other boy just continued to stare back at him, anger obvious on his face.
“I have just as much a right to be here as you do,” Sam said, voice turning indignant. The boy snorted.
“Eat,” she said, avoiding Dean’s eyes. She didn’t wait for Dean to respond, leaving just as quickly as she’d arrived. Dean watched her retreating back for a second, before turning back to glance down at the burger and fries now sitting in front of him, then back up to see Ellen smirking at him. He looked down, fighting the urge to fidget.
“It’s good to see you, boy,” he said, and Dean smiled back at him, leaning up against the porch railing.
“Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus, omnis satanica potestas, omnis incursio infernalis adversarii, omnis legio, omnis congregatio et secta diabolica,” he said, taking a bitter satisfaction from the way the demon began to shake, the strange, sibilant noise of its anger getting louder and louder, though they were now accompanied by hurt exhalations of pain. “Ergo, omnis legio diabolica, adiuramus te... cessa decipere humanas creaturas, eisque æternæ perditionìs,” he continued. From the corner of his eye, the demon abruptly stilled. Dean looked up before he could think better of it to see the demon looking down at something on the floor, a slowly widening smile splitting its face in two. Dean’s gaze followed its own, and he only had half a second to register the swirl of chalk mixing with spilled holy water at the edge of the devil’s trap before an invisible force was slamming into him, sending him flying backwards until he crashed into one of the concrete pillars holding up the ceiling. His entire body screamed with pain as that same invisible force kept him in place. Only managing to keep his eyes open through sheer force of will, Dean watched as what remained of the devil’s trap flamed out of existence as the demon stepped through it like it was nothing, like it had never been there at all.
Suddenly Dean couldn’t breath again, couldn’t move, couldn’t do anything but watch and wait as Bobby repeated the same words as before, throwing Ian’s name in this time. The match dropped, fragile wood slipping from between calloused fingers, and somehow it felt like it took longer to fall this time, the herbs taking impossibly long to catch. Dean felt he was moving through something thick and viscous as his eyes slowly moved from the flames licking above the rim of the bowl to the map below which had again caught fire except– except now it actually was burning, from the outside edges in, same as it had with John. This time though, the flames raced across the paper evenly, without hesitation, devouring and starving for each drop of ink, each twist of a river and winding curve of a mountain range.
“Father will want to see you,” she said as she closed the remaining distance between them, and Sam found himself again forcing the food he’d eaten to stay down. Merihem’s expression softened as she lay her hand on his arm. “Don’t worry,” she said. “I’m sure he’ll think you did well.”
much trouble since then. Dean figured it was still even odds at this point that he was just passed out on a barstool, or in some random woman’s bed. Worse case scenario, he’d ended up in the drunk tank, and it wasn’t like Dean hadn’t broken him out of one of those before, though more often he’d been locked up right alongside him. He half smiled at the memory of the last time he’d seen Alex, almost five months earlier in Nashville; no hunt, just the two of them, a long series of dive bars all blending together, country music, the taste of whisky on his tongue and the heat of a body pressed tight against his.
Sam opened his eyes, and this time Novikov was there, floating right in front of him, a smile stretched wide across its face.
Sam thought as he peered over a small drop, checking for any safe, hidden space beneath where it curved outwards. He spent a brief, useless minute fantasizing about warm fur wrapped directly around his flesh, long teeth and jagged claws and uncomplicated and unending hunger. For a second he swore he could almost smell fresh blood, steaming hot on the frozen ground, but when he looked around, suddenly on edge, there was nothing to be seen. Just his imagination, and the cold then. Shaking his head, Sam continued on his path. He didn’t have to go much further though– just a few meters from where he’d been standing was the fallen body of a huge tree, the grasping tangle of its roots stretching above Sam’s head. It had probably been felled in a recent storm, based on the lack of deterioration, and it was where the base of the trunk had fallen over a dip in the ground that Sam found his shelter. One side of the trunk was pressed completely flat to the ground, leaving only one side of the hollow exposed to the wider forest. The dip was maybe half as tall as he was, but it was deep enough that he would be able to push himself deep inside, effectively removing himself from the worst of the elements. Sam drew his machete, swept it into the darkest corners of the recess. Sure that there wasn’t anything else using the trunk as shelter, Sam walked further forward, until he reached the crushed and broken limbs of the tree’s branches. Putting his knife back in its sheath, Sam used brute force to rip off the dead boughs, ignoring the shower of still green needles that fell over and around him. In the last of the fading light, Sam walked back to the hollow, laying the branches down before stepping over them, going onto his hands and knees and crawling into the small space. Turning so that his back was against the protective back wall, Sam grabbed the branches and pulled them in, covering as much of the opening as he was able by wedging them between the frozen ground and the trunk of the tree, and either side of the mouth of the opening. It wasn’t perfect, probably wouldn’t provide any sort of cover during the day, but Sam was sure that it would do for the night, unless something far more dangerous, something with senses far beyond any ordinary animal, found him. There wasn’t anything more he could do than what he’d already done if that was the case though, so he settled himself tighter against the back wall, pillowing his head on one of his arms and listened to the sound of the wind rushing by outside, erasing any signs of his passage into the woods.
“All I know is that there was a door there before he showed up out of nowhere, and now there isn’t one.”
, but it was hard to tell around the ringing in his ears, the way his entire body was throbbing in pain as his lungs desperately tried to remember how to breathe. Sam pushed himself up onto his elbows, then to his knees, his entire body screaming its disapproval. He took a single deep breath, braced on his hands and knees, body trembling, and then he shoved the pain away with the ease of long practice, locking down his senses until the physical pain barely even registered. Raising his head, he wasn’t surprised to see that the room was empty aside from Jason’s body, the other teenagers having clearly taken the opportunity to escape the basement. Sam briefly wondered if Ryan had done this, before remembering the way that he’d looked behind Sam.
crumpled, toppling to the side. Dean kept his gun fixed on him as he moved forward, but when he got close he could see that it was dead, Alex’s sightless eyes fixed upwards, bloody and bulging, the hole from Dean’s bullet now leaking a small, sluggish stream of something black and far thicker than blood. Dean crouched down, gun still at the ready, and ran his eyes over Alex’s body. His clothes were muddy, covered in blood. Up close Dean could now see that what he had earlier mistaken for sweat was some other liquid, splattered over his shoulders as if it had been dumped over his head. His mouth was still hanging open, ruined jaw sagging wide, painful to look at. Something small and hard crunched under Dean’s boot as he shifted his weight, and he looked down at the ground to see the things that he’d watched drop from Alex’s mouth scattered across the road. Up close, he could finally see what they were, and his stomach rolled as he glanced from the teeth on the ground next to him back to Alex’s open, empty mouth.
Dean and Bobby both stared down in shocked silence as the flame skimmed across the surface of the map, twisting around itself in a way that seemed almost hungry, seeking, though the paper below stayed just as clear from the blister of flame, the flaking of ash, as it had been before Bobby had cast the spell. Finally, the flame went out, never once making a mark on the page, disappearing with a strange quiet rustling.
“So…?” Chrissy said, shifting from foot to foot and rubbing at her arms. Kyle opened his mouth to reply, but Ryan interrupted him before he could.
“We’re just helping him fulfil his destiny,” it said. “We all need to be ready for the war to come, for the Puer Regem to rise up and carve Heaven into pieces until the screams of the heavenly host makes the rivers and oceans and lakes boil dry.” Dean took a deep breath, the mess in his chest beginning to coalesce into pure anger. He was tired of being talked in circles.
“That was about John and not you,” he said. “You know Bobby’s never had anything but love for you boys.” Dean shrugged, uncomfortable, and watched as Jim shot him an exasperated look.
s/o to Helen for the beta, as always so incredibly appreciative of you screaming at me in the comments/pointing out when I've used the same word four times in two sentences.
“Fine,” Kyle finally said, glancing at Nicole before his eyes slid over to where Sam was standing in the background. “You’re with Jason,” he said, and Sam nodded.
“Shut up Chrissy, it is not,” he said. “I know Jason talked this place up–” he gestured at the boy who’d said they were trapped, Kyle’s partner in trying to intimidate Sam “–but it was just to scare you. Ghosts aren’t real.” Sam didn’t bother to hide the frown he shot at him, though he made sure it was more one of mild confusion than the contempt he was actually feeling.
She shrugged again, but didn’t say anything else, just nodded when Dean thanked her before standing. She paused, giving him one last considering look, before placing one hand heavily on her shoulder and closing her eyes, speaking under her breath and so quickly that Dean was barely able to catch what she said.
.” Dean’s voice broke off into heavy breaths as he lowered his head into his hands, fingers running into his hair and gripping tight, tugging, the sharp pain of the wrenching motion the least he deserved.
Sam thought with a groan, staggering to his feet with the help of one hand braced against the wall. He scanned the room, but the ghost was nowhere to be seen. Sam glanced down at his watch, and fear so strong it made bile rise in his throat rolled through him. He only had half an hour remaining until sunrise and he didn’t understand how that could be, he should have had hours still, he should have–
“No yeah,” Dean interrupted, already reaching for his wallet. “I totally get it,” he said, flashing her a grin as he double checked that the ID that he was pulling out had his actual name on it. “Don’t want to be giving out people’s information to total randoms.” Vicky nodded as she accepted his license, scanning it quickly before handing it back to him.
and then back up to the crowd. There was blood splattered all over the front of his shirt, his jeans, and he knew all too well what he looked like in that moment. There weren’t any sirens though, no one pointing at him and shouting accusations and condemnations, so he tucked his gun away with slow, exhausted movements. He walked back to Alex, ignoring the crunch of teeth under heavy boots, and bent down, patting down the other man. He found Alex’s gun, which he kept in his hand as continued to search him, going through his pockets, but there was nothing else on him, nothing to say where he had come from, what he had been doing before he’d ended up in front of the church. Dean stood back up, peering over the heads of the increasingly restless crowd. His attention was caught, briefly, by a single man standing in the crowd, notable not only because of his pale white skin but also his calm expression. Unlike everyone else whose face Dean’s eyes had skimmed over, this man seemed utterly unphased by what had just happened, almost like he had expected to see this, the monsters or Dean or both. There was no real expression on his face, just blue eyes fixed on Dean with an intensity that made Dean want to step backwards with the force of it. He didn’t have time to react to the incongruity of the man before he abruptly turned, his tan trench coat disappearing into the crowd just as suddenly as he’d appeared. Dean blinked, wondering if he should go after him when his attention was drawn away by a group of men who were now standing together, gesturing towards him with some urgency. He needed to get moving before that turned into anything, he thought, pushing the question of the strange man to the back of his mind as he resumed scanning over the crowd’s heads. It only took a couple of second more before he spotted a familiar shape in the distance. He didn’t wait any longer, just began walking in that direction, and the people surrounding him parted without hesitation, half-heard whispers wrapping around him the entire way through until he finally broke free of the crowd, nothing between him and Alex’s truck, sitting on the side of the road halfway down the street, driver’s side door hanging open.
“That makes sense,” Nicole said, turning to Kyle, who, after a tense moment, reluctantly nodded his agreement.
“I don’t know,” he admitted, making his voice waver slightly. “I’ve never… this is the second haunted house I’ve ever been to, I’ve never even seen a ghost.”
Sam froze, the sound of the floorboard creaking under his foot painfully loud in the otherwise still air. He stood completely still for one second, then another, listening. There was no pause in the conversation he could faintly hear above him, and after a moment he continued walking through the front hallway, careful to be cautious of the old, loose floorboards bending under his weight. He wrinkled his nose. The building was so old and decrepit, it would be a miracle if no one inside fell through the floor before the end of the night. Though he supposed that was the least of his worries, and the least of the worries of the teenagers wandering around the second story above him too, though they didn’t know that yet. He took two more slow steps forward before the hallway opened up into a large front room. Sam stopped, quickly surveying the space then glancing at his watch.
It wasn’t until the fourth bag, conveniently leaning up against the third one, that he found what he was looking for, a handful of neatly tied hex bags and what looked like a toiletry bag but which actually just contained more spell-making supplies. No grimoire, but there was a notebook filled with what looked like homebrew spells.
Sam thought, barely tamping down on the urge to smile. The group came back together in the middle of the room, and there was a moment of silence as they all looked around at each other.
thank you so much to eliza for being incredibly lovely and beta'ing this despite having only watched one (1) episode of supernatural ever.
“Brought you a present,” he said, taking the water bottle out of his pocket and swishing it back and forth. The demon looked down at it, its expression unsettlingly unperturbed.
The bartender’s eyes narrowed, and he looked Dean up and down as if finally deciding he was worth taking his measure. Dean had no idea what he was looking for, and just did his best to seem relaxed and nonthreatening.
It was the clothing that drew the eye, the source of all the colour, as the blood had long since dried dark and brown. The bodies had clearly been out there for some time, though Dean would guess that the curse had done a decent amount to speed up the decaying process based on what it had done to the man and woman in town in such a short amount of time. The blood splatters on the rock had dried as well but were still clearly visible against the dusty grey, reaching high up the sides of the rocks encircling the clearing. As his eyes followed their path, he noted that there was none on the white rock, even though the path of the spatter meant that there should have been. Dean stepped forward again, but not towards the rock this time, diverting to the body nearest him. It was a little girl, no more than eight, and his stomach rolled as he crouched down next to the tiny body. He never knew if he should wish for numbness in moments like this or not, if it would be better if he felt nothing at the sight of small bodies or if that would just mean that something inside of him was broken beyond saving. He did know that it never got easier, as he cautiously reached out and rolled her over. She moved easily, and he wrinkled his nose as the smell of decay finally reached him. Pressed face down in the wet dirt, her face had gotten the worst of it, and Dean again had to breathe through the nausea, forcing himself to examine her mouth even as all his instincts told him that it was wrong, disrespectful, a violation that he had no right to.
A plate hit the bar next to him, making him jump, and he turned to see Katerina ignoring Ellen’s knowing look as she pushed it in front of him.
cw: graphic descriptions of injuries and torture, explicit description of self-harm, child death, implied rape and sexual assult, implied underage sex work, mentions of physical child abuse, child neglect, and suicidal ideation.
The morning dawned cold and clear, wind no longer whipping around and through the trunks and branches of the empty and isolated landscape. Silence was the only thing to greet him when Sam pushed the branches out of the entrance to the hollow, blinking in the dim grey light of early morning. He climbed out, limbs aching from sleeping curled into a small ball, his back even more sore than the day before, muscles tense from both the cold and a night spent on edge, ready to wake at the slightest sign of something nearing his small shelter. Nothing had though, and the snow surrounding him was smooth and unbroken. Sam stretched, shaking out his limbs, bending first one arm across his chest, then the other. He frowned when the motion elicited a strange crackling noise from the inside of his parka, and he unfastened the clasps to peer inside. There was a pocket in the lining, just over his heart, and he used his teeth to pull off one of his mittens so that he could reach inside of it. It wasn’t until his hand closed around its contents that he considered that this might be a trap, a test, but by then it was too late, so he just pulled his hand back out, finding himself holding a granola bar and two hand warmers. He blinked at them in blank surprise for a long moment, before thinking
he thought again, smiling to himself as he reached the door. Or rather, when he reached where the door should have been. He jerked to a halt, just in time to hear the sharp indrawn breath of the kids behind him as they saw his flashlight beam hit the blank wall.
. Dean shook his head, trying to disperse the echoes of words that would never be spoken aloud. Jim didn’t know yet anyways, didn’t yet realize the full scope of how badly Dean had fucked up, how badly he’d failed his whole family.
“Just because you managed to lose your brother doesn’t mean Hell had anything to do with it,” the demon said. Dean considered its words for a long second before dipping his fingers into the bottle, flicking them towards the demon. It was just a handful of drops, barely anything, but they were sent with a clear message: he was just getting started. The demon kept smiling at him even as the spots where the water hit it turned red, hissing as they burned, steam rising off of each one.
“S– Sam?” Jason’s voice emerged from the darkness, but Sam didn’t bother to reply, too busy reaching out with his other senses. It was the kind of darkness that you normally only found inside caves, buried deep within the belly of the earth. The kind of absolute night where you couldn’t tell if you had your eyes open or shut. It shouldn’t have been that dark in any basement, much less the basement of a house as rotted and dilapidated as this one. And yet, somehow, it was. Sam closed his eyes, blocking out the sound of Jason repeating his name, his quickening breaths audible as he began to panic. The scorn he felt at Jason’s fear was distant, fading rapidly as he reached out with his mind. The basement was just as impossibly large in his head as he had begun to suspect while walking through it, but in the landscape of his mind he was able to see where the metaphysical walls lay, where what
“I would like that. Sam mentioned that while he was younger he used to have some snowball fights and that he found them rather fun. I have also seen snowman before but I have never made one.” Cas replies.
Opening the door, Dean stomps his way inside, toeing his snow covered boots off and kicks them off to the side while Castiel enters more quietly. Dropping his jacket and gloves on the bench by the wall, Dean feels another shiver run through him as goosebumps break over his skin. “Want a hot chocolate?” Dean asks Castiel.
“He said that he told you that I was staying here.” Castiel frowns, straightening up with a nervous glance to the bag on the table. “Would you like me to leave so you can finish your work? I can continue my research in the kitchen.”
Cas nods, continuing to quickly flip through a large textbook. “Of course Sam. I will not bother Dean. Stay safe.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean shakes his head. “One scratch, one mess and she’s gone.” Sam can tell he doesn’t mean the threat but he makes sure to bite back his smile before Dean can see it. Holding his hand out, Dean adds. “I can stop at a pet store to grab some supplies, but you’re paying.
Showing Cas how to make a snowball, Dean throws the first one when Cas has his back turned, making his own. After a moment, Cas gets into it and is quick to throw two back. Diving behind a tree, Dean throws another back.
Dean finds the first feather in the bathroom, under the sink beside the trash bin. It’s a dull white but Dean can tell it was once brighter. He knows it’s not Castiel which only leaves Lucifer. Dean doesn’t throw it away. He goes to put it in the trash bin but then something in him makes him pull his arm back. The feather is soft but there’s a weight to it that seems to make Dean’s chest tighten. Instead, Dean places it in the drawer of his bedside table. When he sees Lucifer in the kitchen, he doesn’t mention it.
When Jody doesn’t reply, he asks again. “We were actually planning to go and surprise you guys.” She finally confesses after a few moments. “We were going to surprise you tomorrow morning. I was actually planning on leaving in a few hours and spending the night at a hotel but if you three are planning on something…” She trails off.
“I never mentioned Cas, why have both you referred to him?” Dean asks as he takes a slice of pizza. He hears Claire laugh loudly in the background and Jody try to hold back a laugh. “Whatever. Is that what you guys are doing this year, decorate, dinner and movies?”
“Wanna help me with the third one?” Dean asks as he begins forming a small ball for the third part of the body. Castiel nods again, moving to kneel beside Dean as he begins to roll it in the surrounding snow. “This one will be the smallest but getting it up on the others is gonna be hard. You know, I never thought I’d be teaching an angel of the lord how to make a snowman but I’m having fun so I can’t complain. And I’ve also done much weirder shit.” He grins at the angel, who shyly returns it.
“Coal.” Dean grins up at Sam as he places his larger gifts on the skirt before moving to the stockings, where a third had been hung up, a squirrel holding a bell printed on it, and has already been filled. “Is that mine?”
He repeats his actions in Sam’s room only changing his white lights to some multiple coloured changing ones while also sprinkling some white and gold glitter over the bed and carpet to be a bit of dick. He also hangs up a small wreath on the outside of the door before placing a small snowman figurine on his bedside table and tossing a pillow with a pair of skates on them onto his bed.
Dean shakes his head, humming politely until an idea slowly enters his head and a smile begins to play on his face. “So we’re stuck here for the day? Have you ever seen a snowman?” Castiel nods, slightly curious to see where Dean is going with this. “Have you ever built one?”
“Monday. After we killed the vampire nest, I found her in the barn. I couldn't leave her behind so I took her.” Castiel shrugs. “I looked for her mother but when I had located her, she was already dead.”
“First of all, any cookie can be had for Christmas. Ginger, sugar, chocolate chip, peanut butter whatever. Second of all, why do you need to know? You don’t bake.” Claire states matter-of-factly, however, a grin is apparent in her voice. “Unless of course, you’re trying to impress someone in which case just buy them from a bakery and say you made them. He won’t know-”
Looking back over at the man who is now shaking and being comforted by his friends, Dean clicks his tongue. “Are you sure he’s not going to go crazy?”
Cas nods and carefully begins hanging up the ornaments alongside Dean. By the time they’ve finished, the bags are empty of decorations and the tree looks like something out of a magazine. White lights and sparkling golden ribbons with silver and golden ornaments. Dean, proud of the work he and as did, claps the angel on his back with a grin. “Not bad for your first time.”
“What did you name her?” Sam asks, returning Castiel’s smile as he strokes a finger over the kitten’s head. Castiel shrugs, confessing he hasn’t named the kitten yet. “Black cats are usually considered bad luck and most people don’t like them. What about Lucky?”
“That’s really sweet Dean, but being sweet to us isn’t going to make me forget that there’s no mistletoe on any doorways.” Claire begins with a grin before reaching into her bag and pulling out a large plastic bag full of mistletoe. “So when can I hang it up?”
Jody nods, telling him that’s fine before giving him a quick hug and holding out a Tupperware container full of cookies, “As promised.” She sets them down on the table.
Dean follows Sam with a large smile on his face, tightly gripping the tray as he waits for what’s coming. When Sam opens the door, Dean is waiting for him to shout in surprise but nothing happens. Setting the tray on the table, Dean sees the bag of mistletoe resting on a chair, opened and instantly begins thinking the worst until he hears someone sniffling between two bookshelves. Neither Cas nor Sam seems to hear it however as Cas puts the bowl beside the tray and container of cookies while Sam grabs one of the packages off the floor, frowning down at the gift tag.
Looking over at Dean, Cas replies, “Of course Dean. This was a very thoughtful gift on your behalf. We haven’t seen Claire in a while.”
Eggs, milk, flour, baking soda, chocolate chips, sugar, orange, ginger, marshmallow, peanut butter, candy canes, caramel, whipped cream.
Grabbing a beer and a box of pizza, he sits at the table and props his feet onto the surface of the table while taking his phone out. Its rings twice before it’s picked up and he’s greeted with an exasperated voice.
Dean shrugs again. “They’re not ugly,” He says without thinking, which seems to make both of them freeze. The anger in Lucifer’s glare falters and then he blinks it away before turning his eyes to the floor. “Do you want me to throw them away?”
Holding the large star, he leans up on his feet in an attempt to place it on to the top branch. He’s about to get it on when Cas’ voice startles him out of focus.
“Merry Christmas Jody. And Claire.” He waits until he hears Claire reply back before asking, “Are you guys on your way up already?”
“Dean, you’re an idiot,” Claire says and Dean can just hear her rolling her eyes. “It’s so obvious that you have feelings for the other idiot. Make that his Christmas gift, tell him how you feel.”
Castiel nods again, “Some children in a nearby village saw us and joined in. One of my sister fell into the snow and her wings created an imprint on the snow below her.”
“So you’re celebrating for me?” Cas tilts his head to the side watching as Dean manages to get the star onto the tree. Dean nods without looking over at Cas, instead, he only asks for the lights that are inside the blue bag.
“I only learned yesterday,” Dean admits, before setting his hot chocolate down and getting up to grab another gift.
“Because we’re at a Halloween party and need to blend in.” Dean gestures at the rest of the partygoers all wearing either Halloween themed sweaters or costumes as he rolls his eyes at Lucifer’s attitude before he looks down at his own police officer costume.
“Please, you enjoy havin - what is that supposed to be!?” Lucifer’s voice sounds horrified and it has Dean panicking for a moment before he sees what has grabbed Lucifer’s attention and then he’s laughing so hard he’s crying. There’s a boy standing by the beer pong table, dressed in a red suit with horns and a tail and a large red pitchfork in hand.
“Hey Sam, think you get five mugs instead of three?” Dean looks over at Sam, keeping his hand on Cas’ shoulder. When Sam raises an eyebrow at him, he only asks again. “Just do it, Sam. For me? And thanks for the candy canes, Cas” He adds as he pops into his mouth.
“I think I rather enjoyed that,” Cas says as Dean walks back to the table dumbstruck. “I would rather like to do that again. Would you, Dean?”
When they get back inside, Cas goes off to his room saying that he needs to change while Dean goes to his room to do the same. He tosses the bags into his room until tomorrow and dropping onto his bed in a pair of clean sweatpants and sweater, Dean begins working on his Christmas cards. He works on them until Sam shouts that he’s made dinner. A quick chicken and pasta dinner with some apple pie that Dean swears is the best he’s ever had.
“I’ll be in the rectory when you’re done,” he finally said, and Dean nodded, grateful for the space. He still felt like he couldn’t breathe, like he hadn’t taken a full breath since the woman had told him his brother was missing, but there was something about sitting in the church that was calming, even if there was nothing there that he’d ever believed in. He looked up at the crucifix that dominated the front of the large room, the peaceful expression on the man’s face utterly at odds with the violence done to his body.
“Da,” she said, pausing in front of the sink and looking back at him. Her eyes travelled up and down his body again, and Dean tried to hold himself loose and easy. The bruising on his face was bad enough, dark and vivid and covering half of his cheek and forehead, swelling one of his eyes almost completely shut. He didn’t need her to guess at all the injuries hidden under his clothes as well. She would definitely snitch on him to Ellen, and he couldn’t deal with her particular harsh brand of mother henning right now. “Raoul,” she said, raising her voice, and Dean turned in time to watch the cook slowly raise his head to look in their direction, face a mask of apathy and disinterest. “Make Dean a burger.”
“Probably lucky he didn’t do worse this time,” she said as Sam carefully rolled the sleeve back down. She handed him the cufflink when he held out his hand, and watched as he finished putting himself back together. Neither of them commented on how hard he was shaking, bad enough that it took a few attempts before he was finally able to secure the cufflink. It was part of his punishment after all, and there wasn’t anything that either of them could do about it.
“Nice to meet you,” Dean said, belatedly reminding himself that he should probably be at least polite to the other hunter. You never knew who you might run into on a hunt, or who you might need to call in for backup. Rick nodded, standing and knocking his knuckles against the bartop.
“I think she said he had long brown hair,” he said finally. “I asked for her to be more specific about the scars but she was too freaked out to remember any details.” Dean leaned back in his chair, heart still racing despite himself. It was a stretch on multiple levels, but there was something about the story that was tugging at every instinct he had.
Fully inside the shadow cast by the outcropping, Dean could see that what had looked, from his previous line of sight, like an unbroken wall was actually split, a path curving upwards and disappearing between the two rocks. Dean glanced around him, but there was nothing there, no signs or sigils or tracks, so he cautiously began to follow the path, gun held at the ready. He moved slowly, thinking absurdly of Indiana Jones as he scanned for any sort of trap, physical or magical. There was nothing, just the dirt of the path, the rough surfaces of the rocks boxing him in, rising far above him. Dean looked over his shoulder and began walking with his back against one of the rock walls, painfully aware of just how trapped he would be if anything came at him from both sides. Still, he continued forward, the smell of vegetation and water growing thicker as he moved deeper between the rocks, around that curve that had prevented him from seeing where the path would lead him. There was a final, abrupt corner in the path, and then Dean was surprised to find himself at the edge of an open, round clearing. His gun didn’t waver, though his brain struggled to process and categorize everything that now lay in front of him all at once. The first thing that registered was just how colourful it was, how vibrant, and then he registered just why that was, and his stomach lurched with nausea.
Sam realized he was shaking just as he reached the front hall, but he couldn’t tell if it was because of the growing hunger burning in his veins or the fear and pain suffusing the rest of his body. He paused, leaning against the wall for support as he struggled to breathe for a long minute before he forced himself to keep going. His mind was a mess of pain and fear and the dull static of panic, and he couldn’t seem to gain control of it long enough to disassociate from the pain radiating out from what felt like every single fibre of his being. When he opened the front door to the early morning light just cresting the horizon, Sam just stood and stared out at the spray of gravel where the teenagers’ cars had been. He wondered briefly if he should try and go after Ryan, but the chances of the witch sticking round were infinitesimally small, and the chances of him remaining unwarded and findable were even smaller.
Bobby’s recitation of the Acadian French was clumsy, but when he dropped the match into the bowl of herbs the edges of the map still flared bright with yellow flames at the edges. They watched in silence as they steadily ate at the paper, drawing closer and closer to the middle. Dean frowned as he noticed that one side seemed to be burning faster than the other, or maybe it was just that–. The thought broke off as his heart began to pound in his ears, both him and Bobby watching in stunned silence as the fire burned an increasingly narrow circle, tighter and together until only a scrap of map remained. The fire went out all at once, leaving only a scrap of paper with a single town name on it. There was no sound in the room, both of them staring down at that small piece of hope that Dean barely even dared to acknowledge.
“Okay,” he said to himself. “Okay, okay, you’re okay. You’ve got this,” he said, pulling his phone out and setting up the GPS before shifting the truck into drive and pulling out onto the road, making a u-turn away from the church. “You’ve got this,” he said again as he turned north.
“Yeah,” he finally said. “That’d be good, thanks Jim.” Jim nodded, standing. When Dean didn’t do the same, he hesitated, looking down at him.
Moving as quickly as he was able to while still not making any noise to give himself away, Sam approached the bag closest to him, a small grey backpack leaning against a still rolled-up sleeping bag. Putting his flashlight between his teeth, Sam pulled on a pair of black latex gloves and carefully unzipped the bag. It was a mess, clothing shoved in without any sense of order, a phone charger tangled in a pair of socks, a granola bar crushed almost flat. Sam smiled around the flashlight, quickly sorting through the chaos. If all the bags were as disorganized as this one, all the better, though it did prove disappointingly empty. He supposed it would have been too easy, requiring the kind of luck he had never in his life had, for it to be the first bag he searched. He glanced around himself for another bag as he shoved everything back into the first one, sparing a moment to listen to the distant sounds of people still moving around above him. Spitting the flashlight back out into his hand, he quickly picked his way across the floor to the next bag he’d spotted, a bright pink backpack covered in pins. He winced as they rattled against each other as he unzipped it, but refocused as soon as he could see its contents, sighing as he saw how neatly it was packed. Sticking his flashlight back into his mouth, Sam quickly memorized the layout of the bag before he began emptying it of its contents.
“And you.” Castiel hugs Lucky to his chest, looking up at Sam with sad but hopefully eyes. “You will help with her right. I have never raised an animal before; I think I may require some assistance.”
“Oh, that was just a joke you know,” Dean mumbles awkwardly, worried that Cas will take offence. “I can get you a new one if you would like.”
“Merry Christmas Eve eve, Dean. Jody went out to get some Christmas gifts, I saw her shopping list but she should be back in a couple of minutes. What’s up?”
He stops back by his room to grab a wreath to hang on his door before grabbing the bag of food he bought and another wreath along with the library decorations. Hanging this one on the kitchen’s door, he closed it behind him, setting the bag of food on the counter.
At the mention of mistletoe, Dean blushes brightly and stammers that he already put a tree up and he was planning to bake cookies but every family does that and he wanted to do something different and bigger.
Cas looks over at Dean with a confused look on his face. “Is something wrong Dean? Did I bother you?”
He looks up at his name, surprised to see Cas in front of him. “What are you doing here? I thought Sam said you were going with him.”
As Sam is turning to set it on the table, he sees the extra 2 stockings and looks up at Dean with an accusatory glare. “Did you know they were coming?”
“We’re missing the buttons. While they’re not actually buttons, they’re usually rocks or pieces of charcoal.” Positioning them, Dean takes a step back from the snowmen, crossing his arms over his chest with a proud smile. “Considering this is my first time making a snowman in I don’t know how many years and the first time you’ve ever made one, I think we did pretty good- What are you doing?” He raises an eyebrow at Castiel, who’s starting to unwrap his scarf from around his neck.
“I didn’t get myself a stocking.” Dean shrugs as he grabs a box of golden stars and holds them out to Cas. “Christmas is only 2 days away so I thought I could make this a surprise for you but now that you know what I’m doing, want to help me?”
Dean pauses in his movements, “Yeah. When Sam was still a child I tried to make at least one every winter that passed, if we were somewhere where there was snow. When he were teenagers it turned into snowball fights. Then he left to Stanford and you know the rest.” Dean shrugs without looking at Castiel. A moment of silence passes between them before Dean’s continuing with the building of the snowman.
As Cas says that, Claire is pulling herself away from Sam and is waving Cas over. When he approaches her, Claire is quick to hug him, wishing him a quiet merry Christmas. Dean watches the four of them for a moment, smiling when sees them tearing up before he injects, “Guys come on, the hot chocolate is going to get cold. And I want to open up some gifts.”
